 somali women defy danger to write basketball history <sec> somalia 's national women 's basketball team played at this year 's arab games in qatar .  the team had to prepare in the mogadishu police hq for extra security .  somali religious militants see sport as `` un-islamic '' .  in 2006 , somalia 's islamic courts union banned women from playing spor .
 source : dna match led to lab tech 's arrest in yale murder <sec> new : fire alarm pulled night of murder ; clark seen looking distraught , source says .  police chief : motive unclear , but police do n't consider slaying a domestic crime .  yale graduate student annie le had been strangled , examiner 's office reports .  `` we must resist the temptation to rush to judgment , '' yale president say .
 report : french president mulls legal action over affair allegation <sec> closer magazine director says story will be taken down .  president francois hollande considers legal action against magazine , news agency says .  closer magazine has alleged hollande had an affair with actress julie gayet .  hollande , who was elected president in 2012 , lives with partner valerie trierweile .
 u.s. soldiers recount fierce afghanistan battle on facebook <sec> soldiers describe october 3 attack at a remote base in nuristan province .  their account posted by the department of defense on facebook and youtube .  u.s. : battle lasted 12 hours and eight american soldiers were kille .
 mulatu astatke : spreading ethio-jazz to the world <sec> mulatu astatke is the creator of ethio-jazz .  he blended traditional ethiopian music with western jazz and funds .  the pioneering musician was the first african to enroll at berklee college .  astatke 's music was used in the soundtrack of jim jarmusch 's `` broken flowers .
 chasing the gold dust of 'brand olympics ' <sec> the business olympics are now well under way -- and the streets of london are paved with branding gold .  there are eleven global `` top-tier '' sponsors of the games , each paying around $ 100 million .  the investments are fiercely protected by branding police .  the attraction is n't just sales -- it 's being involved in the second most valuable brand in the worl .
 three m23 rebels sanctioned by the u.n . <sec> the sanctions include travel bans and freezing assets .  the three are believed to be part of the leadership of the m23 rebel group .  the sanctions come as a new cycle of unrest continues in the dr .
 same-sex weddings , heartland style <sec> instead of dodging wedding bouquets , iowa 's same-sex brides can dive for them .  the state 's high court overturned a ban on same-sex marriages on april 3 .  a new nuptials niche opens up for businesses , drawing vendors to pridefest .  `` it 's just something you never thought you 'd get to do , '' one bride-to-be say .
 could lightning have brought down air france plane ? <sec> air france airbus a330-200 encountered heavy turbulence .  ceo : `` several pieces of aircraft equipment were at fault or had broken down '' .  some experts have said that a lightning strike was a possible cause .  flight 447 , traveling from rio de janeiro to paris , was carrying 228 peopl .
 make candidates debate the debt <sec> maya macguineas says public debt growing faster than economy ; this ca n't be sustained .  she says soon u.s. faces a $ 7 trillion cliff as fiscal policies kick in that could spark recession .  she says candidates should be compelled in a debate to outline plans on cutting debt .  macguineas : voters ca n't be expected to choose without specific , fact-checked proposa .
 china 's ski boom faces uphill challenges <sec> china 's ski industry seen as a huge growth market for up-scale resort developers .  china predicted to have 20 million skiers by 2014 .  numerous international developers are building resorts across the country .  culture of skiing needs to be developed as much as resorts for success say analyst .
 mali 's conflict turns musicians into military <sec> until recently , mali was better known for its music , mosques and manuscripts than for conflict .  andy morgan : music and culture are mali 's shop-window to the world , its primary asset .  conflict turns musicians , artists and writers into frontline soldiers , says morgan .  morgan : in mali they 're still singing , still writing , still fightin .
 in turkey , the chilling face of domestic abuse <sec> statistics show the violence is in urban and rural regions .  turkey has adopted legislation to protect women .  there are only 52 state-run shelters for women in the natio .
 israel plans to have anti-missile system operational in 4 months <sec> new : `` the importance of the new system is major , '' said ynet commentator .  new : the batteries are portable .  the israeli defense system is known as the iron dome .  it is designed to protect against short-range missiles and rocket .
 obama 's spending problem <sec> william bennett : national debt does n't look like a priority for president obama .  bennett : obama more concerned with his legacy rather than our economic well-being .  he asks why the president is so unwilling to cut the size and scope of government .  bennett : gop should make it clear that it will fulfill our debt obligations in a responsible wa .
 agent storm : inside al qaeda for the cia <sec> morten storm was a radical islamist turned double agent .  he switched sides when he lost his faith .  storm says he set a key al qaeda leader up with a wife .  he decided to go public after a falling out with his western handler .
 cairo : egyptian designer azza fahmy 's jewel on the nile <sec> designer azza fahmy takes cnn on a tour of cairo .  she was the first egyptian woman to apprentice in cairo 's jewelry district .  fahmy sees islamic calligraphy as art and gets inspiration from mosques .  azza fahmy jewelries is a family affair run with her two daughter .
 andrea pirlo on `` gli azzuri '' <sec> pirlo believes spain have the best chance of lifting the world cup this summer .  gennaro gattuso is the most passionate player in the italian national team .  pirlo believes ivory coast are full of talent and may be a surprise in south afric .
 sen. rand paul 's son arrested , charged with underage drinking - cnnpolitics.com <sec> william hilton paul , 19 , was arrested after getting off a flight from kentucky , authorities say .  paul was charged with underage drinking , being intoxicated and disorderly conduct .  he is the son of u.s. sen. rand paul , r-kentucky .  his grandfather is former gop presidential candidate ron pau .
 top prosecutor orders probe into interrogations ; obama shifts onus <sec> new : investigator oversaw federal probe forming basis for `` the departed '' movie .  new : report says interrogators threatened families , faked murders .  attorney general wants `` review into whether federal laws were violated '' .  officials promise transparency on research that alters interrogation `` best practices .
 2 americans among those kidnapped in raid on nigerian oil rig <sec> new : neighbors of a hostage from silver creek , mississippi , call him a `` really nice guy '' .  two crew members were flown to a clinic after being shot in leg and are in stable condition .  the rig attacked by an armed group is off the southern coast of nigeria .  no one has yet claimed responsibility for attack ; nigerian officials offer no commen .
 shipwreck may be part of kublai khan 's lost fleet <sec> marine archaeologists have found a shipwreck dating from the 13th century off the coast of japan .  the vessel is thought to have been part of kublai khan 's massive invasion fleet .  more than 4,000 artifacts , including pottery shards , cannonballs and anchors were found near the wrec .
 halliburton to plead guilty in 2010 gulf oil spill , u.s. says <sec> halliburton destroyed computer tests after deepwater horizon , prosecutors say .  tests showed `` little difference '' between what it urged and what bp did , they say .  bp and halliburton are still battling over the disaster in court .  bp had accused halliburton of destroying evidence in 201 .
 davydenko lurks in federer 's half of draw <sec> roger federer faces potential quarterfinal clash with nikolay davydenko at australian open .  the russian sixth seed has beaten the world no . .  1 in their last two meetings .  defending champion rafael nadal faces possible last-eight tie with andy murray .  nadal could then face u.s. open champion juan martin del potro in semifinal .
 6 of world 's most colorful colonial holdouts <sec> colonies are n't as common as they used to be , but several overseas territories remain , and they 're worth a visit .  you can get to france with an hour 's ferry ride from canada to the islands of st. pierre and miquillon .  britain 's tristan da cunha in the south atlantic has a population of just 260 , and specializes in exporting crayfis .
 turkish pm says incriminating phone recordings are fake <sec> new : several people responsible for encrypted phones were dismissed or suspended .  recordings allegedly of erdogan talking to his son about money laundering go viral .  protesters lambast the prime minster for a second day .  the recordings were allegedly made amid a wide-reaching corruption investigatio .
 witnesses testify to grand jury in kendrick johnson case <sec> relatives and schoolmates of kendrick johnson testified at grand jury wednesday .  johnson 's parents have said they think their son was murdered .  lowndes county sheriff 's office ruled the death accidental and closed the case in may 201 .
 report : u.s. sanctions put cubans ' health at risk <sec> amnesty report says cuba embargo limits cubans ' access to medicine .  hiv/aids patients are particularly affected , according to amnesty .  embargo has a `` sweeping effect '' on cuban health care , says medic .
 murder trial at heart of chinese political scandal begins <sec> the trial gets under way in the eastern city of hefei , officials say .  gu kailai and a family aide are accused of murdering a british businessman .  gu 's husband , bo xilai , is a former top official who has been stripped of his posts .  the defendants have n't seen their families since april , a friend say .
 how a billionaire fills gas tank for $ 1 a gallon <sec> energy investor t. boone pickens : america needs leadership on energy .  he says vast reserves of cheaper , cleaner natural gas could displace opec oil .  pickens : u.s. could have a more secure energy system and help control gas prices .  he commutes in a natural gas-powered car whose fuel is less than $ 1 a gallo .
 sex trafficking exists , here in america <sec> sens . .  cornyn and klobuchar : trafficking stealing kids ' childhoods .  two bills introduced to combat problem passed judiciary committee , they sa .
 how women will dominate the workplace bric by bric <sec> more women in brics labor force fueling growth , according to wef data .  russia , brazil , china and south africa have more women in professional , technical positions .  brics companies embrace workplace culture which integrates wome .
 sex trafficking : an american problem too <sec> bridgette carr says sex trafficking thrives in u.s. communities .  victims of sex trade are often wrongly viewed as criminals , she says .  carr : to fight trafficking , communities must become aware , reduce deman .
 christie : just another day at 'rancho christie ' <sec> chris christie defends his angry response to a heckler , saying it 's just his style .  `` it 's just another day at the ranch -- rancho christie , '' he argue .
 greenland 's ice sheet melts as temperatures rise <sec> greenland 's ice melt area increased 30 % in 30 years , one scientist says .  the island is now losing more ice each year than it gains from new snow .  this melting ice is causing sea levels to rise around the world .  scientists fear low-lying areas could be flooded if seas continue to ris .
 opinion : do n't meddle with driver 's licenses for undocumented <sec> ruben navarrette : california was close to giving driver 's licenses to undocumented .  navarrette : obama administration is unhappy with the state 's proposed design .  he says federal officials want a unique design or color to distinguish licenses .  navarrette : administration record on immigration is bad enough , why this interference .
 zuckerberg goes shopping : facebook 's top 10 purchases <sec> facebook announced tuesday that it plans to buy virtual reality firm oculus vr for $ 2 billion .  it 's the latest high-profile acquisition during the for the social network giant .  facebook previously bought instagram , whatsapp and many other successful startup .
 warren says middle class 'chipped , squeezed and hammered ' <sec> new : elizabeth warren delivers rousing prime time speech at democratic convention .  new : senate candidate warren directs some of her comments at voters in massachusetts .  warren took heat from republicans for taking on wall street , nomination to key post stalled .  warren is a harvard law professor whose message was aimed at boosting middle clas .
 weight loss success : from diet to doctor <sec> felix gussone started his weight loss journey after getting food poisoning in paris .  he worked out every day for 20 minutes and halved his calorie intake .  he lost 99 pounds over the next two years and has maintained ever sinc .
 alleged killer fled to french territory , prosecutors say <sec> hans peterson suspected of a murdering a chicago dermatologist .  he fled to st. martin , a french territory , before police could question him .  because he is a french national , the government wo n't extradite him .  the victim 's family and u.s. senators from illinois lobby for extraditio .
 florida fighting giant african land snails <sec> giant african snails are menacing florida 's miami-dade county , say agriculture officials .  they can grow as big as rats and could carry a potentially deadly parasite .  driving over their sharps shells can puncture car tires , experts say .  experts warn against handling them and suggest calling local agriculture agenc .
 12 months , 12 trips , 12 ways to make your friends jealous <sec> see the northern lights in norway in january , then head to rio for carnival .  check out the cherry blossoms in tokyo in may and skip over to south korea for golfing .  in december , soak up the holiday spirit in londo .
 senate republicans block pay equity bill <sec> democrats say bill would ensure that women do n't face pay discrimination .  republicans counter that it would reward trial lawyers at employers ' expense .  sponsor vows to bring measure back until it passe .
 kei nishikori on the brink of beating japanese greats <sec> kei nishikori will play in his first grand slam inal at the u.s. open on monday .  he is the first japanese male to reach grand slam final .  nishikori is highest ranked japanese man of open era , having broken top 10 .  his exploits have created a surge of interest in tennis back hom .
 huge solar flares light up for nasa cameras <sec> nasa releases images of `` significant '' solar flares tuesday .  the first peaks at 7:42 a.m . .  et , with a second , lesser blast at 8:52 a.m . .  et .  the explosions might disrupt high-frequency radio communications on eart .
 tune strikes a poignant chord amid deluge in colorado <sec> a colorado man and his roommate feel safe from flooding in their hillside home .  but after stephen smith rescues a family , rising water threatens their home .  a `` 4-foot wall of water '' leaves thick mud and ruined furniture .  a video of mark changaris playing piano after salvaging belongings has gone vira .
 champions league final : uefa reduces ticket prices for showpiece football match <sec> uefa reduces tickets prices for the 2013 european champions league final .  the cheapest ticket for the match at london 's wembley stadium will cost £60 .  reduction of 25 % compared to last year 's final at munich allianz arena .  the cheapest available ticket when the final was last held at wembley in 2011 cost £15 .
 libya 's zlitan increasingly in rebel , nato sights <sec> new : nato rejects claims it hit non-military targets near the coastal city of zlitan monday .  nato airstrikes have pounded the city , about 40 km west of rebel-held misrata , for a week .  `` it 's continuous bombing , morning day and night , '' one resident says .  government minders took reporters to zlitan monday to view the damag .
 melbourne is world 's most liveable city for third year in a row <sec> a three-peat for southern australian city of melbourne .  damascus drops 10 places to bottom of the rankings .  canadian , australian , new zealand cities make up eight of top 1 .
 china 's awkward 'banana ' slip <sec> a chinese state media outlet referred to u.s. ambassador as a `` banana '' .  eric liu says use of an ethnic slur reflects anger at his performance .  he says china has a different concept of ethnicity than america .  liu : america 's openness to immigrants is a big advantage over chin .
 montana teacher in rape case resentenced <sec> stacey dean rambold was originally given 31 days in prison .  rambold pleaded guilty to raping a student in his business class .  the teenage victim committed suicide before the case went to trial .  the original month-long sentence drew intense criticism for the judge who set i .
 singer , actress eartha kitt dies at 81 <sec> kitt died in new york , where she was being treated for colon cancer .  her daughter , kitt shapiro , was by her side .  her recording of saucy christmas song `` santa baby '' was certified gold last week .  kitt made a name for herself in as catwoman in `` batman '' tv serie .
 target an american with drones ? <sec> peter bergen : u.s. officials reported to be considering targeting an american citizen .  he says obama authorized killing of anwar al-awlaki by u.s. drone in yemen .  attorney general said u.s. citizens are n't immune to attack , put forth criteria for these cases .  bergen : many americans would argue such a decision requires review by court .
 prosecutor : whitey bulger 'deserves no mercy , ' should get life <sec> the sentencing for whitey bulger is set for november 13 .  the boston mob boss was convicted on 31 counts tied to 11 murders .  prosecutor says `` he richly deserves to spend the rest of his life in jail '' .  `` there are no mitigating factors , and ... bulger has no redeeming qualities , '' she add .
 tape shows woman dying on waiting room floor <sec> esmin green was involuntarily admitted june 18 for `` agitation and psychosis '' .  kings county hospital center was target of lawsuit over conditions .  tape shows green collapse , convulse and lay still ; workers ignore her .  group says hospital staff falsified records to cover up inciden .
 2 nurses in uruguay charged in slayings of patients <sec> new : the two male nurses wanted to relieve patients ' pain , an attorney says .  they admitted to killing patients at uruguayan hospitals , a judge says .  a woman has been charged with being an accomplice in one of the killings .  one patient died a day after his discharge order was signed , an official say .
 gay kiss steals show at 2014 commonwealth games opener <sec> queen elizabeth 11 opens 20th commonwealth games in glasgow .  singer kisses male dancer in political message about gay rights .  71 nations and territories taking part in 11-day multi-sport event .  usain bolt to run for jamaica in 4x100m rela .
 santa claus is gay ; get over it ( opinion ) <sec> new documentary , `` i am santa claus , '' features a gay santa .  others have focused on an anti-gay backlash , but john sutter says that reaction is overblown .  sutter : this is 2014 and america is ready for a gay santa clau .
 pirate attack on dutch ship thwarted by russians <sec> new : first united nations group to address piracy meets in new york .  two or three speedboats were chasing the dutch container ship , imb says .  imb : the pirates fired two rocket-propelled grenades at the dutch ship .  hijackings off east africa have led international navies to patrol the gulf of ade .
 u.s. wo n't bargain for release of man held by al qaeda , officials say <sec> new : united states wo n't negotiate for american 's release , officials say .  warren weinstein was abducted in pakistan in august .  al qaeda has claimed responsibility and set out conditions for his release .  in a video released sunday , weinstein says his life is in obama 's hand .
 platini repeats 2022 winter world cup call with sideswipe at epl <sec> michel platini repeats call for 2022 world cup to be played in winter .  uefa president concerned that about summer heat in qatar .  english premier league has spoken out against the notion .  'we have to play world cup at the best time ' - platin .
 commentary : iranians want more democracy <sec> ballen , doherty : iranians , including ahmadinejad backers , want more democracy .  they say their poll ca n't determine whether moussavi had a late surge .  they say government actions have shifted debate to democracy not to who wo .
 real legend raul seals schalke switch <sec> raul has completed his move to german club schalke after leaving real madrid .  the 33-year-old had hinted he might move to england at his farewell on monday .  but the former spain star has agreed a two-year contract with the bundesliga side .  former england defender sol campbell signs one-year deal with promoted newcastl .
 the bono-ization of activism <sec> protest movement shifts with rock star activists ' involvement .  author naomi klein criticizes the bono-ization of activism .  celebrity charity concerts do not change the status quo , says klei .
