 exploratorium opens in sparkling new home <sec> san francisco 's exploratorium reopens wednesday in a $ 300 million new home .  the interactive science museum , on the city 's pier 15 , has 600 exhibits .  the museum has a grownup feel that makes it as much fun for adults as for kids .  even the building itself is a giant science experiment , with sensors all aroun .
 woman kept in dog cage for weeks , police say <sec> 30-year-old indiana woman returns home safely after being missing for two months .  couple charged with holding her against her will inside their mobile home .  victim says she was repeatedly raped and beaten , forced to wear a dog collar .  a stranger risked his life to rescue her after seeing her in a dog cage , police sa .
 activist group : dozens of yemeni civilians killed <sec> human rights watch says yemeni forces may have killed dozens of civilians .  it says witnesses report indiscriminate attacks with no visible fighting nearby .  a spokesman for the ruling party calls the report 100 % inaccurate .  he says `` only al-qaeda targets are killed by the government .
 suspects in nfl killing charged with murder <sec> four men each face charge of felony first-degree murder .  investigation reveals the men thought the victim was n't home , police say .  police say they have more than one confession in the case .  washington redskins safety sean taylor died in apparent home burglar .
 world 's first 'invisible ' tower <sec> tower infinity will be 450 meters high and have the third highest observation deck in the world .  the invisibility illusion will be achieved with led facade system .  tower infinity will be built near seoul 's incheon international airpor .
 peruvian nobel prize winner slams presidential candidate <sec> mario vargas llosa received the nobel prize for literature .  he said he would try to impede victory by keiko fujimori .  vargas llosa lost a presidential race to her father in 1990 .  alberto fujimori is in prison for corruption and human rights abuse .
 the perils of badmouthing your boss <sec> you can get fired for posting a negative comment about your boss on facebook .  confront your boss before you act out in ways that could cost you your job .  begin the conversation by clarifying your respect and your intent .  after you 've voiced your concerns , encourage your boss to share his perspectiv .
 syrian refugees face miserable winter in lebanon <sec> winter storm `` alexa '' has brought snow and rain to lebanon 's bekaa valley .  region is home to thousands of people who have fled the civil war in syria .  one out of every four people living in lebanon is now a syrian refugee .  many are living in makeshift camps , with little but flimsy tents to keep out the col .
 at least 49 dead in egypt as throngs commemorate revolution <sec> dozens more are injured in violence throughout the country , state media says .  pro-morsy groups says nine people are killed in one neighborhood alone .  military helicopter crashes in sinai .  group claims responsibility for friday 's cairo bombing .
 the legacy of danny lewin , the first man to die on 9/11 <sec> danny lewin was a math genius who co-founded akamai technologies .  lewin 's innovative algorithms allowed the web to run faster , more efficiently .  lewin may have been first person to die in the september 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .  he was likely stabbed to death on the first plane that struck the world trade cente .
 fashion week in islamabad shows rarely seen side of pakistani life <sec> vice goes to pakistan for a behind-the-scenes look at fashion week in islamabad .  visit offers perspective of pakistani life rarely seen in the media .  reporter finds the country to be an `` acutely divided country of extremes .
 spanish fathers entitled to breastfeeding leave <sec> the spanish law allows parents to shorten their workday for breastfeeding leave .  the leave can be up to twice a day for a total of an hour or shorten the day by 30 minute .
 u2 singer bono 's learjet loses door midflight <sec> the airplane carrying bono landed with its rear hatch missing .  the rear hatch and two pieces of luggage are still missing .  bono met with germany 's special envoy shortly after landin .
 injury time morgan strike seals fifth olympic final for team usa <sec> alex morgan 's extra time header puts team usa into their fifth olympic soccer final .  the united states beat canada 4-3 to set up a gold medal clash with japan .  canada took the lead three times but were pegged back before morgan 's winner .  japan beat france 2-1 thanks to goals from yuki ogimi and mizuho sakaguch .
 8th case of meningitis confirmed at princeton <sec> princeton university reports an 8th case of meningitis .  health officials are investigating whether this is related to the other 7 cases .  cdc preparing to recommend students get meningitis b vaccine .  that recommendation is awaiting final approval from a review boar .
 obama 's foreign policy in gridlock : former national security adviser <sec> president can stop stalemate by taking risks , showing leadership , zbigniew brzezinski says .  brzezinski cites iran , israeli-palestinian conflict as key challenges obama should tackle .  on iran , middle east , brzezinski gives administration `` rhetorically , a ... performance , b , b-minus '' .  compared to cold war era , u.s. faces broader range of threats , he say .
 french president says it 's over ; first lady leaves residence <sec> valerie trierweiler sends farewell message to house staff .  afp quotes hollande as saying `` i have ended my shared life '' with trierweiler .  allegations about president hollande 's personal life fueled a media frenzy .  trierweiler assumed the role of first lady after hollande 's election in may 201 .
 winds spread over eastern north carolina as irene nears landfall <sec> new york airports will be closed saturday to incoming flights .  tropical storm conditions spread across parts of north carolina .  the biggest dangers involve storm surge and rainfall .  weekend shows on broadway are cancele .
 ebola : texas hospital employee quarantined in belize <sec> belize : passenger with ebola link not let in `` out of preponderance of caution '' .  kerry calls belize 's leader to ask if cruise passenger can disembark , is rebuffed .  2 dallas nurses contracted ebola while caring for patient thomas eric duncan .  spokesman : frontier done contacting up to 800 on flights linked to one nurs .
 maternal deaths drop by a third , report says <sec> deaths have gone from 546,000 in 1990 to 358,000 in 2008 .  the figures are in a new report from unicef and the who .  the report says more progress still needs to be mad .
 candidates avoid talk of akin on campaign trail <sec> new : obama slams republican rivals over education .  candidates hone in on economy , medicare , mostly ignored akin flap .  romney and ryan charge that obama cut funding for medicare to pay for health care la .
 baltimore raven ray rice indicted on assault charge <sec> baltimore raven running back ray rice is indicted on an assault charge .  the accusation stems from an altercation with his fiancee at a new jersey casino .  `` this is part of the due process for ray , '' ravens representative say .
 belgium 's king albert ii gives up throne to son <sec> king philippe is sworn in as king of belgium on sunday in brussels .  his father , albert ii , stepped down an hour earlier .  belgium also gained a queen , philippe 's wife mathild .
 ny cop suspended after man kicked at street fair <sec> new york police officer seen in video kicking a man in the back is suspended .  incident highlights lingering tension between community and nation 's largest police force .  five people were arrested sunday after confrontation with police at street fai .
 5 presidents more 'radical ' than obama <sec> newt gingrich called barack obama `` most radical president in american history '' .  john avlon says gingrich does n't have his history straight .  he says fdr , adams , jackson , lincoln , george w. bush may have been more `` radical '' .  avlon : `` we 've grown almost accustomed to overheated attacks on presidency .
 solar eclipse scares indian mothers-to-be <sec> solar eclipse marked with tradition and often suspicion in hindu-majority india .  most pregnant women in india hope to avoid giving birth during eclipse .  some critically ill patients do not want to be in hospital on day of eclipse .  astrologer : eclipse weakens sun god because of encounter with dragon rah .
 honduras gives military new policing powers <sec> the honduran congress passed a decree giving the military more power .  there is distrust of police because of corruption .  but the military says it is not replacing police .  honduras has the highest murder rate in the worl .
 stranger allegedly slaps crying child in store <sec> roger stephens , 61 , is charged with first-degree cruelty to children .  authorities say he slapped a crying little girl in a walmart store .  the child 's mother says she does not know the suspec .
 2 accused in 'thrill kill ' of australian student plead not guilty <sec> christopher lane was attending an oklahoma university on a baseball scholarship .  the australian was shot -- randomly , police say -- while out jogging last august .  his killing spurred sadness and anger , with some australians calling for a u.s. tourism boycott .  2 teenagers enter not guilty pleas on murder charges , district attorney say .
 amanda knox signs book deal with harpercollins <sec> new : publisher : `` this book will give knox an opportunity to tell her story for the first time '' .  amanda knox was cleared of murdering british student meredith kercher in october .  knox returned to seattle with her family after spending four years in custody .  knox will give a `` full and unflinching account '' of her ordeal , the publisher say .
 9/11 flag lost in flight 93 national memorial fire <sec> flag that flew over u.s. capitol on 9/11 is destroyed in a fire .  friday 's blaze destroyed headquarters of flight 93 national memorial in pennsylvania .  headquarters complex is about two miles from the memorial .  flight 93 crashed on september 11 , 2001 , after hijackers took over the plan .
 five turning points of the decade <sec> zelizer writes : the first decade of the 21st century defined by terrorism , crisis , uncertainty .  zelizer : 2000s brought abrupt end to exuberant , flush 1990s .  he cautions any `` most important events '' list only a suggestion , not definitive judgment .  his list : 9/11 ; iraq war ; katrina ; financial crisis ; 2008 electio .
 inaugural poet : my story is america 's <sec> richard blanco grew up surrounded by cuban exiles , finding america in sitcom reruns .  blanco : negotiating my identity as an american and a gay man is wellspring of my poetry .  blanco says his life mirrors that of america , a nation of hope still trying to find its own identity .  he says he 's lived the american dream : from immigrant to reading poem to the natio .
 obama struggles with rocky start to second term <sec> history shows second term presidents can make progress despite problems .  republicans are intent on focusing attention on administration controversies .  the white house accuses the gop of playing politics on some issues .  one potential scandal involves the secret subpoena of journalists ' phone record .
 world 's biggest mall a china 'ghost town ' <sec> the new south china mall in guangdong province is the world 's largest mall .  but since its opening in 2005 , few tenants and customers have come to the store .  `` most of it empty , with little consumer traffic and a high vacancy rate ... a 'dead mall ' '' .  china littered with '' ghost towns , '' empty commercial spaces built in speculative boo .
 crown prince alexander : the prince born in claridge 's <sec> crown prince of serbia was born in claridge 's a .  he counts queen elizabeth as his godmother .  he lived in exile from serbia for more than 50 years .  the prince and his wife are now back in belgrade , their role strictly ceremonia .
 obama launches african-american education initiative <sec> new : executive order establishes african-american higher education initiative .  new : higher education `` is a vital necessity '' that should be affordable , obama says .  new : obama has `` disappointed '' black americans on economy , romney spokeswoman says .  a report says a drop in african-american turnout could cost obama in three key state .
 fisherman sues cruise line after 28 days stranded at sea <sec> new : princess cruises denies a lawyer 's claim its crew did n't stop for financial reasons .  a man who watched two of his companions die at sea sues princess cruise lines .  the survivor says the behavior of the cruise 's crew was `` outrageous '' .  the cruise company says it 's investigating , adding it suspects `` unfortunate miscommunication .
 google : self-driving cars are mastering city streets <sec> google says its self-driving cars are getting better on city streets .  company has logged 700,000 miles with the automated vehicles .  improvements help cars navigate around pedestrians , cyclists and other obstacles .  director says cars can handle distractions better than human .
 spokesman : horror in misrata grows with fresh shelling , little aid <sec> new : death toll up to 24 sunday and monday , a witness says .  new : misrata residents are `` let down by nato , '' a witness says .  u.n. official : gadhafi 's regime gave `` no guarantees at all that the violence would cease '' .  britain to help 5,000 escape misrat .
 store security photo shows wanted man with slaying victim <sec> store security photo shows lester and tonya hobbs before her death .  tonya hobbs found dead inside parked rv ; lester hobbs sought for questioning .  girl , 7 , has been missing since her mother 's body was found .  sheriff 's office said girl has a medical condition that requires medicatio .
 9,500 jobs go in dhl restructuring <sec> german owners of dhl announce 9,500 job cuts .  owner deutsche post says u.s. air and ground operations to wind up .  officials in ohio had hoped to prevent job losse .
 penn state community still admires paterno , wants to move forward <sec> support remains for late football coach joe paterno .  alum : it 's hard for people to see paterno 's name in a bad light .  abuse group calls for a change in penn state culture .  student says actions of a few can not define entire universit .
 why the huge interest in the 1940 census ? <sec> michael snow : 60 million hits in 3 hours after release shows hunger for family history .  snow : hidden for 72 years , it 's now available to all to verify family lore or learn a secret .  census shows u.s. during vast change , he says : coming war , receding depression .  snow : the release was like the first pitch on opening day for historians and economist .
 north carolina lures 'hunger games ' fans <sec> movie fans are already visiting north carolina to see where `` the hunger games '' was filmed .  the triple falls waterfall , part of an easy hike in the dupont state forest , is integral to the movie .  the film 's stars enjoyed asheville 's restaurants and culture after shootin .
 'buckwild ' star , two others died of carbon monoxide poisoning <sec> shain gandee was one of nine cast members of the mtv reality show `` buckwild '' .  he was found dead along with two other men outside sissonville , west virginia .  the deaths were labeled as accidental , according to preliminary autopsy findings .  `` this is the emptiest i 've ever felt , '' a fellow cast member tweet .
 seeking gender equality in lego world <sec> melissa atkins wardy launched a petition asking lego to make proposed female minifigure set .  female minifigure set includes 13 female characters in law enforcement , science roles .  wardy says it 's good for girls and boys to see female figures in smart and daring role .
 king of comedy engineering success one laugh at a time <sec> patrick 'salvado ' idringi is one of uganda 's best known comedians .  he had previously worked as an engineer for a telecoms company .  salvado attributes his success to his readiness to talk openly about taboo subject .
 white house : enroll in obamacare , but not too fast <sec> november 30 not a magic restart for healthcare.gov , official says .  saturday is the self-imposed deadline for the obamacare website to perform better .  latest snafu : small businesses ca n't enroll online for a year .  the white house urges allies to hold off on major enrollment campaign .
 'alpha protocol ' is fun but flawed thriller <sec> game has subpar shooting and outdated graphics .  but at base , `` alpha protocol '' is interesting espionage role-playing game .  problems include inaccuracies in aiming , glitches when taking cover .  reviewer gives the game 2.5 of 4 star .
 2 ex-cops charged in 1994 slayings of kentucky prostitutes <sec> ex-cop jailed for evidence tampering `` denies being involved in the murders , '' attorney says .  for 19 years , kentucky residents wondered who killed two prostitutes .  a seven-year state police investigation finally charges the 2 ex-cops and a third man .  investigations into the case had been thwarted by tampered evidenc .
 bangladesh says rebellion by mutinous troops ends <sec> new : mutineers hand over arms at headquarters , prime minister is quoted as saying .  nearly 50 people killed in bangladesh rifles headquarters , minister says .  cnn not immediately able to confirm the exact casualty count .  anxiety grew as residents of dhaka , the capital , lost phone servic .
 israel 's 'rosa parks ' refuses to take back seat <sec> women sit in the back portion of the bus because ultra-orthodox avoid mingling of sexes .  tanya rosenblit was first passenger that morning on bus and took a seat behind the driver .  rosenblit : 'i live in an israeli democracy , people can not tell me where to sit on a bus ' .  supreme court : involuntary separation between sexes on public buses against the la .
 uefa appeals serbia sanctions <sec> uefa has appealed against decision of its own disciplinary body .  serbia was ordered to pay $ 105,000 after being found guilty of 'improper conduct ' .  `` uefa 's decision to appeal is very welcome , '' says piara powar , executive director of far .
 official : more than 1m child prostitutes in india <sec> around 1.2 million children are believed to be involved in prostitution in india .  federal police say human trafficking is a major problem .  authorities believe 90 percent of human trafficking in india is `` intra-country .
 'the social network ' deserves to go viral <sec> `` the social network '' does more than deliver facts about the evolution of facebook .  director david fincher and writer aaron sorkin both do the best work of their careers .  keep an eye out for andrew garfield , who plays eduardo , during the oscar .
 federer , djokovic through to round two <sec> six-time champion roger federer beats kazakhstan 's mikhail kukushkin at wimbledon .  second seed novak djokovic also wins his opening match of grass-court event .  seventh seed david ferrer progresses along with three-time runner-up andy roddick .  former world no . .  4 juan martin del potro also reaches second round in englan .
 first spacewalk to fix hubble ends after long day <sec> new : astronauts complete 7-hour-plus spacewalk to repair hubble telescope .  new : two-man team successfully replaced a hubble camera and computer .  atlantis launched monday on 11-day mission to orbiting hubble observatory .  flight director deems `` dings '' on shuttle wing `` very minor .
 brazil city battles domestic abuse with mobile panic button <sec> brazilian victims of domestic violence given mobile 'panic button ' in pilot project .  when activated , device emits gps signal and records conversations .  jaina maria used panic button when her husband attacked her ; he was later jailed .  vitoria , city where pilot scheme is taking place , has brazil 's highest female murder rat .
 benched : nfl players out amid claims of violence <sec> jonathan dwyer 's arrest is the sixth of late after he allegedly broke his wife 's nose .  the national football league has seen several of its players appear in mug shots .  groups are demanding change ; one calls for ouster of commissioner roger goodell .  one nfl player was released from jail thursday , and two took leave wednesda .
 cleveland vigil targets 'horror ' house <sec> after vigil , ministers walk to anthony sowell home , where 11 bodies were found .  sowell is on suicide watch in jail ; charged with murder , rape , other felonies .  seven of 11 bodies have been identified ; all were african-american wome .
 opinion : my late wife is thanking you , too <sec> edith windsor won the supreme court case that overturned doma .  windsor never thought she would be grand marshal of pride parade at 84 .  she sued over a tax bill and it led to equality for same-sex married couples .  she was anguished that her government considered her marriage illegitimat .
 8 seriously playful hotels <sec> life-size chess , lego and plinko are among the amenities at some hotels .  at sea island off the coast of georgia , bingo is a formal affair .  primland resort in virginia puts on geocaching treasure hunt .
 meet the pilot who kept disney 's film 'planes ' flying right <sec> a pilot/film consultant offers an aviation enthusiast 's view of the new disney film `` planes '' .  sean bautista advised animators to make changes that made planes fly more realistically .  he suggested an idea for the movie 's hero , dusty , that was `` almost like a vasectomy '' .  executive producer john lasseter and director klay hall `` really pushed for accuracy .
