 bracelet brings 9/11 firefighter families together <sec> bracelet honoring fallen 9/11 firefighter is found 10 years after it was lost .  it was found by marlene quinn , who was mourning the death her brother , a volunteer firefighter .  she returned it to marion otten , whose husband perished in the twin towers collapse .  otten : `` things happen for a reason . .  i see it as a sign .
 libyans claim gadhafi is hiding in western border area <sec> national transitional council commander is killed .  moammar gadhafi is believed to be near ghadamis , a military spokesman says .  his sons are believed to be hiding in sirte and bani walid .  interim council claims have turned out to be false befor .
 u.s. airdrops give aid to kobani against isis <sec> a doctor in kobani expresses gratitude for airdropped medical supplies .  a u.s. official says that of 28 bundles dropped , one went outside a target zone .  a video shows what appears to be an isis fighter next to a bundle .  cnn can not independently confirm whether that bundle is from a u.s. airdro .
 syrian government frees 2,130 prisoners in exchange for 48 iranians <sec> the prisoner swap is a `` huge victory '' for the syrian rebel movement , a spokesman says .  the 2,130 prisoners held by the syrian government include turks and syrians .  opposition leader : `` the big prize for the regime is the iranians , keeping them happy .
 group wants r rating for any film with smoking <sec> american medical association alliance wants films with smoking to be rated r .  amaa says that kids who watch smoking often turn to habit .  hollywood rating organization says smoking in movies has decline .
 congress : same hours , half the work <sec> cnn analysis : current congress least productive of past few sessions so far .  of the thousands of measures introduced , only 132 have passed both houses .  about one in five measures were to name post offices .  despite a split congress and partisan finger-pointing , political experts say both parties are at faul .
 new york 's times square : always a target , always watched <sec> a boston bombings suspect said he was heading to new york , officials say .  he told investigators he and his brother planned to bomb times square , they add .  new york is a `` prime target '' for terrorists , the city 's mayor says .  there 's a big police presence and camera network but `` no guarantees , '' he add .
 united fight back to beat city in community shield classic <sec> manchester united beat manchester city 3-2 in community shield at wembley .  city took a 2-0 first-half lead before united fought back with three second half goals .  nani scores united 's winner in the final minute after a city defensive mistak .
 free readers : nigeria 's unique political forum <sec> men gather around newspaper vendors to read headlines , debate issues of the day .  called free readers associations because no-one actually buys the papers they read .  debates loud and furious as nigerians go to the polls to choose a new presiden .
 south carolina trooper shot unarmed man , police say <sec> south carolina police release a video of a trooper shooting a man in a traffic stop .  police say the man was unarmed , and the trooper is charged with felony assault .  `` why did you shoot me ? '' .  the man asks the trooper .  `` well , you dove head-first back into your car , '' the trooper respond .
 will vice president 's exit boost myanmar 's reform efforts ? <sec> tin aung myint oo , myanmar 's first vice president , resigned , citing health reasons .  he is known as a hardliner who did not agree with president thein sein 's reform agenda .  observers believe a cabinet reshuffle could increase the pace of reform .  some attribute a slow pace of reformation to the administration 's conservative factio .
 apple to kill social network ping , report says <sec> report : apple 's social network ping will be gone in the next release of itunes .  ping has been poorly received from the beginning .  the network had issues with spam and lacked many artist profile .
 7 women are victims of possible indiana serial killer <sec> afrikka hardy loved singing and working with kids , her family says .  boyfriend : teaira batey was a `` bighearted '' person who helped those in need .  anith jones ' car was found abandoned after she was reported missing .  the names of three women whose bodies were found have not been release .
 afghanistan election : afghans flock to vote despite taliban threat <sec> twenty killed in violence across the country saturday , interior ministry says .  lawmaker hails day as `` when the people of afghanistan can go and vote freely '' .  voting was extended by an hour in response to high turnout , election official says .  it 's the first democratic transfer of presidential power in the country 's turbulent histor .
 former flight attendant to admit to bomb threats <sec> man allegedly called in eight threats to flights by former employer united airlines , court document says .  patrick cau was arrested in january while training for job with american airlines .  40-year-old los angeles resident had been previously fired by united .  lawyers say he was angry over what he believed was a `` retaliatory '' firing stemming from a disput .
 how greeks won because they had 'nothing to lose ' <sec> greek brothers thomas and george douzis started a business at the height of the financial crisis .  the lack of employment opportunities has sparked a wave of new greek entrepreneurs .  thomas douzis says the economic downturn forced the nation to change its mentalit .
 tech cities and mega dams : africa 's giant infrastructure projects <sec> great inga dam , congo , could become the world 's largest hydroelectric dam .  kenya 's konza city is one of many futuristic cities in the pipeline .  ethiopia 's grand renaissance dam will serve neighboring sudan and egyp .
 what is it about that dress ? <sec> diane von furstenberg 's wrap dress has been a fashion staple for decades .  the dvf wrap dress is made with jersey which flatters female shapes .  readers told cnn about their devotion to their wrap dresses since the 1970s .  do you own a wrap dress ? .  send an email and a photo to revealed @ cnn.co .
 love expert steve harvey analyzes the male mind <sec> looking for a man ? .  know what you want , steve harvey says .  a man must feel he can provide and protect his woman , he says .  harvey 's top 5 reasons men cheat includes other women who are willing .  one of harvey 's tips for curing a mama 's boy : demand respec .
 woman pleads not guilty in death of lottery winner <sec> dorice `` dee dee '' moore , arrested in february , is charged with first-degree murder .  the body of abraham shakespeare was found outside a home in plant city , florida .  moore befriended shakespeare after he won a $ 31 million florida lottery prize in 200 .
 will egypt 's new president be a reformer ? <sec> cynthia schneider , khaled naga : egypt 's new president took the world by surprise .  schneider , naga : president morsy forced two powerful military officials to retire .  they say perhaps morsy is genuine about fulfilling the aspirations of the revolution .  schneider , naga : the jury is still out on morsy , early signs are mixed so fa .
 opinion : corporations playing religion over birth control <sec> elizabeth wydra : supreme court to review contraception challenge to obamacare .  owners of corporations say providing that coverage violates religious freedom , she says .  she says business owner ca n't shift between individual , corporate status for advantage .  wydra : if justices follow more than 200 years of law , they 'll hand victory to obamacar .
 telephone bomb threat suspect tied to other cases , sources say <sec> two federal officials : suspect is portuguese citizen allan sharif , 27 .  sources : sharif tied to miami beach bank robbery ; wire fraud in new york .  officials looking for sharif ; the fbi refuses to comment on suspect 's identity .  sources : sharif tied to threats to at least 24 banks , stores in 15 state .
 arkansas spill strengthens arguments of keystone foes <sec> the obama administration will decide on the keystone xl pipeline this year .  opponents argue the tar sand oil from canada makes spills more likely .  they cite the arkansas spill that coated roads and lawns in asphalt-like residue .  pipeline supporters say it will create jobs , and the oil will get to market anywa .
 lagarde list editor attacks 'sick ' greek system <sec> shipowners , industrialists , artists and a handful of politicians are among those named .  an athens court postponed until thursday vaxevanis 's trial for allegedly violating data protection laws .  vaxevanis said that more than €13bn had moved through the accounts on the list between 1998 and 200 .
 5 dead in pennsylvania helicopter crash <sec> new : a child is among the victims , a coroner says .  the ntsb and the faa will investigate .  the cause of the crash was not immediately clea .
 police group : detective who fatally shot mentally ill teen acted justly <sec> lawyer : detective fired after vidal tried to stab another officer multiple times .  trade group says a detective shot because the teen posed a `` deadly threat '' to an officer .  the late teen 's family claims the detective 's actions are unjustifiable .  2 officers have been cleared by their departments ; the third was put on paid leav .
 how apple killed the linux desktop <sec> as apple 's operating system emerges , linux stalls .  open-source system has found a home on data-center servers , but not captured the public .  one creator says developers who could have pushed linux have defected .  at mozilla foundation , focus is now on web developmen .
 'drunk ' soccer fan jailed for attacking english player <sec> football fan jailed for attacking sheffield wednesday goalkeeper chris kirkland .  aaron cawley , 21 , also banned from matches for six years following assault .  leeds supporter invaded the pitch during match and knocked kirkland down .  leeds spokesman says the sentence was too lenient and club will ban him for lif .
 envoys walk out of u.n. anti-racism conference <sec> u.s. calls remarks vile , hateful , inciteful , praises u.n. condemnation .  dozens go as iran 's president says israel is genocidal , has `` racist government '' .  u.n. secretary-general says iranian leader is trying `` to accuse , divide and even incite '' .  but some delegates cheer ; security officers drag protesters from speech chambe .
 'risk atlas ' assesses climate vulnerability <sec> new report assesses vulnerability of different nations to climate change effects .  areas with fastest growing populations most at risk from environmental impacts .  megacities in asia and africa most threatened including calcutta and addis ababa .  united nations launch youth focus on eve of seventh billion population mileston .
 after a bad cruise , can you cruise into court ? <sec> passengers could sue carnival , lawyers say .  but filing a suit is n't easy .  more than 3,000 passengers on carnival triumph have been stranded for five day .
 again , the specter of a shutdown haunts the halls of congress <sec> rep. steny hoyer : `` there does not seem to be a serious effort to reach agreement '' .  a 29-person house and senate conference committee is tasked with hashing out budget .  a lack of confidence in the process has moved into higher gear .  republicans in d.c. are mindful they took the brunt of the blame in last shutdow .
 aussie webber hits out at red bull team <sec> mark webber believes his red bull team favor his teammate sebastian vettel .  webber said he thinks his world title challenge has be `` inconvenient '' .  both webber and vettel are both behind fernando alonso in the driver 's standin .
 how do people survive airline crashes ? <sec> child reportedly survives crash of airliner in indian ocean .  aviation experts say survival depends on type of impact , `` luck of the draw '' .  statistical analysis shows rear of the plane is safer , writer say .
 his words make me feel beautiful <sec> about a week before he died , anne roiphe 's husband delivered an important message .  he told the author that she had made him a very happy man .  roiphe said those words were like a beauty potion and made her feel beautifu .
 holder : doj to respond 'appropriately ' to judges ' questions about health care law <sec> a three-judge appeals panel is hearing a challenge to the affordable care act .  judges order letter from justice department on administration 's stance on judicial review power .  u.s. supreme court is deciding constitutional questions about the affordable care act .  high court 's rulings , expected in june , would override decisions in other court .
 bishop eddie long apologizes to jewish group after torah ceremony <sec> eddie long writes a letter of apology to the anti-defamation league .  in a ceremony , long was wrapped in a torah scroll and crowned `` king '' .  he says the recent ceremony at his church was not his idea .  `` i am deeply sorry , '' long writes . .  jewish leader calls apology `` heartfelt , sincere , humble .
 nascar driver races to find cure <sec> nascar driver denny hamlin is dedicated to raising money to find a cystic fibrosis cure .  hamlin was inspired by his cousin kevin , who has cystic fibrosis .  hamlin established the denny hamlin foundation to raise money and awareness for this disease .  foundation contributes to the cystic fibrosis foundation as well as several children 's hospital .
 france : car president , pm announce resignation <sec> new : french ministry says interim leaders of central african republic stepping down .  fighting has displaced nearly 1 million people from their homes , u.n. agency says .  the agency appeals for $ 40.2 million to help it respond to the crisis .  agency resumes aid deliveries to about 100,000 refugees at bangui airpor .
 mystery masterpiece revealed as rembrandt self-portrait <sec> painting was donated to the national trust in 2010 , and put on display at buckland abbey .  work was originally identified as being by a follower of dutch master rembrandt van rijn .  new tests reveal the portrait , which shows rembrandt at the age of 29 , is by the artist himself .  re-attribution means the painting is now worth more than $ 30 million -- but it can not be sol .
 former no . 1 wozniacki fires coach after two months <sec> caroline wozniacki fired coach ricardo sanchez just two months after hiring him .  the former world no . .  1 will now once again be coached by her father piotr .  danish journalist troels christensen believes sanchez struggled to add tactical input .  christensen also believes there were problems within the camp prior to the australian ope .
 prosecutors seeking decade in prison for whitey bulger 's girlfriend <sec> catherine greig was girlfriend of reputed mob boss `` whitey '' bulger .  greig is scheduled to be sentenced tuesday in u.s. district court in boston .  prosecutors are seeking 10 years in prison and a $ 150,000 fin .
 scientists study 'garbage patch ' in pacific ocean <sec> researchers are trying to learn the effects of the plastic and debris on wildlife .  experts from the scripps institution of oceanography will spend three weeks at sea .  scientists say this sea-bound trash zone is largest among worldwide debris fields .  researchers believe this enormous trash zone accumulated over many year .
 in libya , cease-fire ends tribal clashes <sec> at least 147 people died in sabha this week .  the city is now `` calm and stable , '' a government official said .  the military took over the sabha airport .  last month , fighting erupted in kufr .
 kerry : u.s. not at war with isis <sec> strategy has `` things that one does n't think of normally in context of war , '' he says .  he says president obama 's strategy to quash isis with the help of allies will succeed .  `` doing it with allies and partners is n't just smart , it 's strong , '' kerry says of obama 's plan .  after talks in jeddah with persian gulf leaders , he will go to paris for an iraq conferenc .
 no.1 mcilroy to duel with no . 2 donald for dubai glory <sec> top-ranked rory mcilroy shares lead with no . .  2 luke donald at european tour finale .  duo will take a three-shot lead into final round of world tour championship in dubai .  mcilroy has emulated donald by winning the european and u.s. pga tour money lists .  they will be battling for the $ 1.35 million first prize on offer for the tournament winne .
 former model recalls horrific acid attack <sec> a cup of acid was thrown onto katie piper 's face in march 2008 .  she received severe burns to her face , chest , neck and hands .  highly corrosive sulfuric acid was used in the attack .  piper is slowly getting her life back on track after nearly two years of recover .
 u.n. confirms use of chemical weapons in syria <sec> the united nations releases a much-anticipated report .  it finds `` convincing evidence '' that such weapons were used against children .  the report does not say who is responsible for the attack .
 how women ruled the 2012 election and where the gop went wrong - cnnpolitics.com <sec> women were seen as the key to the election this week .  president barack obama got 55 % of the female vote on tuesday .  the u.s. senate will see a record 20 women take seats next ter .
 hackers target zimbabwe stock exchange site <sec> the stock exchange chief says they have hired it experts to solve the problem .  the company has 79 listed companies , but it does not conduct online trading .  hacking is not common in zimbabw .
 commentary : us health costs out of control <sec> jeffrey miron : government spending on health care is rising fast .  he says government ca n't afford to provide top quality care for all .  miron : health system provides no incentive for patients or providers to control costs .  he says taxing health benefits and raising retirement age would hel .
 israel says it broke up hamas terror plot <sec> new : prime minister benjamin netanyahu praises work of security services , military .  israeli security forces say they have broken up a network planning terror attacks .  at least 30 hamas members have been arrested , israel 's security agency says .  intended targets include a football stadium and a light rail station , it say .
 the true difference between obama , romney <sec> david frum : american workers have been losing ground for decades .  he says president obama 's answer is to make up for wage declines with government aid .  romney 's view is that government ca n't prop up wages but should enable innovators , frum said .  frum : the candidates wo n't fully own up to their visions , but you can read between the line .
 why facebook 's about to slow down ( and that 's probably good ) <sec> facebook is moving to https connections by default .  that may result in slowed speeds for some users .  the switch is designed to offer additional security .  people who are unhappy with the change can opt ou .
 mancini threatens to sell balotelli as city 's title hopes fade <sec> manchester city manager robert mancini admits mario balotelli may be sold .  balotelli sent off for third time this season for two fouls on barcary sagna .  english fa to quiz match officials on balotelli 's earlier tackle on midfielder alex son .
 electric users ask : why not put power lines underground ? <sec> putting power lines underground is expensive , time-consuming .  north carolina studied it , determined it would be 'prohibitively expensive ' .  while protected from weather , buried lines are still vulnerable to flooding .  anahiem , california , in middle of 50-year line burying projec .
 syria complicates immigration , obamacare <sec> prospects for house to take up immigration reform this fall in jeopardy .  efforts to inform public about obamacare could be overshadowed .  possible government shutdown over budget looms huge as end of fiscal year nears .  congress must also consider raising the debt ceiling to pay nation 's bill .
 6 ways to be a better parent with technology <sec> author recalls how twitter helped when illness hit kids in her house .  friend reading comments on sick son , tweeted about product that helped daughter .  peers give advice , support and inspiration to be best imperfect parent you can be .  or you can have experts skype their advice to you directly -- for a fe .
 growing up while mom and dad are off fighting a war <sec> enlisted parents decide to leave 2-year-old with grandparents .  `` it was very difficult , '' boy 's marine dad says .  but after 7-month separation , family to be together agai .
 pentagon names soldiers missing in afghanistan <sec> two sergeants disappeared near border with turkmenistan this month .  divers found body of one last week .  family said he jumped into river after seeing fellow soldier struggl .
 obama : summit of the americas 'productive ' <sec> obama cites potential thaw in u.s. relations with venezuela , cuba .  obama : cuba 's apparent willingness to discuss human rights `` a sign of progress '' .  cuba was topic at weekend summit , though not represented there .  obama : using diplomacy , development aid in `` more intelligent ways '' importan .
 murray into wimbledon quarterfinals without dropping a set <sec> second seed andy murray beats russia 's mikhail youzhny in straight set to reach last 16 .  briton will play spain 's fernando verdasco in the quarterfinals .  historic clash set to deliver first polish male grand slam semifinalist .  novak djokovic beats tommy haas to set up quarterfinal against tomas berdyc .
 cnn story helps surgeon perform 'lifesaving ' op <sec> surgeon unsuccessfully attempts to remove patient 's brain tumor .  later that day , he reads cnn.com story on a groundbreaking new surgery tool .  he contacts makers of the tool that could help in removing his patient 's tumor .  three days later , the patient is operated on again and all the tumor is remove .
