 justices to hear appeals of lifers sentenced as teens <sec> justices will hear appeals of two florida inmates sentenced as teens .  joe sullivan committed his crime at age 13 ; terrance graham was 17 .  attorneys say life without parole is too harsh a punishment for young offender .
 opinion : will monty python 's humor fly in 2013 ? <sec> gene seymour : monty python 's reunion will bring back its brand of unapologetic silliness .  he says news is huge for fans of troupe 's bbc show and popular films .  he says anarchic , boundary-breaking humor was n't always easy fit in social turmoil of '70s .  seymour : pythons have found new fans on youtube , but will humor fly for 2013 audience .
 venezuela expels top u.s. diplomat , two other embassy officials <sec> new : state department denies allegations of u.s. involvement in any type of conspiracy .  maduro accuses three u.s. diplomats of financing right-wing opponents , sabotage .  `` they have 48 hours to leave the country , '' maduro says .  venezuela expelled two other u.s. embassy officials in marc .
 what 's wrong with saying pledge in arabic ? ( opinion ) <sec> ny school district canceled its experiment with the pledge for `` national foreign language week '' .  marc randazza says the outcry over an arabic version was a triumph of ignorance over educatio .
 abducted california 8-year-old was sexually assaulted , police say <sec> new : authorities say girl , who was recovered tuesday , had been sexually assaulted .  new : girl 's father `` is very happy that his daughter is home '' .  new : police identify suspect as as gregorio gonzalez , 24 , of fresno .  police chief says citizens and `` good samaritans '' are `` heroes .
 opinion : richard sherman is n't martin , malcolm or medgar <sec> terence moore : richard sherman deserved criticism for his rant about michael crabtree .  do n't make sherman a civil rights hero ; he set a bad example for young fans , he says .  moore argues that the notion sports heroes are n't role models is way off .  moore : athletes can play constructive role to many kids raised without authority figure .
 the rise of justin timberlake <sec> justin timberlake is being called a modern-day bing crosby . .  the multi-talented star delivers not only in music but also in movies and on tv . .  `` the 20/20 experience '' is currently on pace to become the top-selling album of the year .
 fuel tanker explosion kills 22 in saudi arabia <sec> new : more than 100 hundred are wounded in the riyadh accident .  explosion sends flames sweeping over the saudi arabia capita .
 soledad o'brien : sadly , there are similarities between haiti and chile <sec> the quake that shook chile was 800 times more powerful than the one that hit haiti .  country 's infrastructure built to withstand quakes , but death and destruction inescapable .  reports : dozens of aftershocks powerful enough to add to toll of injured and dead .  wealthier and more prepared than haiti , chile and its people still share in the fea .
 obama on isis : u.s. to go 'on some offense ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama says he will give a speech wednesday outlining plan to defeat isis .  plan will not involve u.s. troops on the ground , but supporting iraqi , kurdish troops there .  obama : with resources shifted , americans protected , u.s. to `` start going on some offense '' .  he wants congress to `` have buy-in '' but says he 's already authorized to protect u.s .
 michelin guide hong kong & macau 2015 <sec> the 2015 michelin guide to hong kong and macau awards stars to 64 restaurants in hong kong and 11 in macau .  hong kong and macau are among the most affordable gourmet cities in the world , says michelin .  tim ho wan 's dim sum and yat lok 's roasted goose are some of the michelin-starred cheap eat .
 islamist fighters seize somali government seat <sec> islamist fighters seize control of baidoa , somalia .  baidoa is headquarters of somalia 's u.n.-backed government .  town 's seizure leaves country 's lawmakers stranded in nation of djibout .
 norwegian bishop admits child sex abuse <sec> georg mueller was bishop of trondheim from 1997 to 2009 .  mueller says he abused an altar boy while a priest in the city 20 years ago .  allegations of sexual abuse by catholic priests have spread across europe .  pope said last month he was `` truly sorry '' for abuse suffered by victims in irelan .
 malika zarra : morocco 's jazz jewel <sec> jazz artist talks about crossing cultures , blending french , english and arabic vocals .  born in morocco before moving to paris with family age 3 ; now lives in new york .  describes hardships faced by north africans in europ .
 giant 'telescope ' links london , new york <sec> telectroscope allows londoners , new yorkers to see each other in real time .  giant scope was victorian age idea , came about when reporter made typo .  artist st. george inspired by childhood notion of digging to other side of eart .
 after ban , harvard to allow rotc back on campus <sec> new : the navy secretary calls the move `` good for the university , good for the military '' .  harvard 's president and the navy secretary will sign a deal to return rotc to campus .  the school had banned rotc , in part due to opposition to the `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' policy .  change will take effect this summer , once the repeal is implemented by the militar .
 mexico and u.s. book places in world cup <sec> mexico and united states both qualify for world cup finals in south africa .  mexico defeat el salvador 4-1 with three goals in the last 20 minutes of game .  u.s. come from a goal down to defeat honduras 3-2 to also secure their place .  honduras and costa rica battling for third automatic place from concaca .
 high-pitched sound used to silence dortmund fans <sec> a hoffenheim employee has admitted to using a high-pitched sound on dortmund fans .  employee wanted to stop dortmund fans chanting about hoffenheim owner dietmar hopp .  hoffenheim have said they had no knowledge of the employee 's action .
 alonso quickest in belgium gp practice <sec> ferrari driver fernando alonso is quickest in practice for sunday 's belgian grand prix .  alonso posts lap of one minute , 49.032 seconds at spa circuit .  force india 's adrian sutil came second with mclaren 's lewis hamilton third .  championship leader mark webber of red bull was 2.6 seconds off alons .
 three shipwrecked fishermen lived on clams , seaweed for 10 days <sec> three fishermen 's boat capsizes ; they paddle raft eight miles to island .  they used raft as their shelter on a pacific canadian island with `` no real population '' .  a passing sailor in his 70s sights and rescues them .  the canadian guard coast is transporting the fishermen back to the mainlan .
 google handles 25 percent of north america 's web traffic <sec> google accounts for 25 % of all internet traffic in north america , according to a new report .  that 's more than facebook , netflix and twitter combined .  analytics say that 's a big jump from 6 % three years ag .
 20-year-old woman becomes top cop in violent mexican municipality <sec> marisol valles garcia , a criminology student , is the only person who accepted the job .  she says she stepped up because she is tired of people living in fear .  the police force will not carry weapons , she sai .
 sarah drew welcomes son micah emmanuel <sec> sarah drew delivered son micah emmanuel lanfer on wednesday .  `` i 'm about to walk into a chapter of my life where i have no control , '' drew said .  micah emmanuel lanfer weighed in at 7 pounds , 4 oz and is 19 inches lon .
 7 reasons lisbon could be europe 's coolest city <sec> lisbon was the first global city -- it still feels like it .  its inhabitants are experts at irony and creativity .  they challenge madrileños for nightlife stamina .  they make the best custard tarts on the plane .
 teacher tenure makes sense ( opinion ) <sec> time magazine 's cover story about bad teachers is demeaning to educators .  donna brazile : research shows that removing tenure might worsen educational outcomes .  she says americans are proud of their public schools and teachers , according to poll .  brazile : the last thing we should do is discourage enthusiasm of a new generatio .
 tag pages in facebook photos <sec> starting wednesday users will be able to tag pages for brands & products .  facebook assures us that privacy settings will still apply .  tagged photos will appear in the photos tab of a pag .
 dreams 'scattered ' by nepal quake <sec> anuradha koirala and 425 young women and girls have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks .  pushpa basnet and 45 children she cares for were forced to evacuate their residence .  seven other cnn heroes and their organizations now assisting in relief effort .
 cnn fit nation is back with a new team <sec> six cnn viewers have been selected to be part of the 2015 fit nation triathlon team .  they will race alongside dr. sanjay gupta in the nautica malibu triathlon in september .  the six will share their workouts online as they receive fitness and nutrition trainin .
 suit accuses elmo puppeteer of crystal meth sex party <sec> sheldon stephens ' suit accuses kevin clash of causing him psychological harm .  clash 's lawyer says suit is `` meritless and barred by the statute of limitations '' .  stephens previously called it `` an adult consensual relationship '' .  3 other men using the same lawyer are suing clash for similar reason .
 official : squeezing intel out of benghazi suspect wo n't be easy <sec> terror suspect ahmed abu khatallah is being held on the uss new york .  interrogators will get lots of time to squeeze him for fresh terrorism intelligence .  former intel official : investigators should press him for details on plots .  the high seas are a good place to get him to open up , the former official sai .
 bangladesh islamists rally for blasphemy law <sec> thousands want crackdown on what they perceive as blasphemy .  bangladesh marchers unhappy with bloggers and authors .  bangladeshi bloggers deny they are atheist .
 passenger forced to land plane meets his 'co-pilots ' <sec> last year , doug white took control of twin-engine plane after pilot died .  white and his family were returning home from a funeral .  a year later , they met flight experts who helped them lan .
 even lady gaga knows pot is not harmless <sec> william bennett , nation 's first `` drug czar , '' believes legal marijuana is bad for society .  bennett says lady gaga agrees that pot is addictive and not just a harmless plant .  bennett : medical studies find chronic use leads to abnormal brain structure , bad memory .  bennett : colorado and washington will come to regret decision to legalize pot for adult .
 newly-wed dufner dreams of ryder cup after magic month <sec> justin dufner leads fedex cup standings after his second win in three weeks .  the 35-year-old hoping to qualify for u.s. ryder cup team in september .  in 22 days he has pocketed more than $ 2.2 million and got married .  former u.s. ryder cup player anthony kim suffers injury setbac .
 jordanian king abdullah ii : isis can not intimidate us <sec> king abdullah ii talks to cnn in first interview since jordanian pilot was killed .  isis trying to intimidate his country will only make the fight-back come harder , he says .  he says isis recruits with a false narrativ .
 after crackdown , army makes show of force in bahrain 's capital <sec> new : bahrain 's king apoints envoy to u.s. to deal with diplomatic fallout , officials say .  4th person dies as a result of security forces ' raid on protesters , victim 's father says .  police fired tear gas and rubber bullets at demonstrators in manama 's pearl roundabout .  the crackdown swiftly drew local and international condemnatio .
 bergdahl 'understands his life has been saved ' <sec> army sgt . .  bowe bergdahl is `` grateful to president obama , '' his lawyer says .  the army is investigating the circumstances of his 2009 capture in afghanistan .  bergdahl was released after a u.s. deal with the taliban in may .  the sergeant is back to work at the headquarters of a unit based in san antoni .
 tsarnaev attorney : 'it was him ' <sec> bomb `` tore large chunks of flesh out '' of boy 's body , prosecutor says .  defense admits dzhokhar tsarnaev 's role in boston marathon bombings .  older brother influenced tsarnaev to follow him , attorney say .
 the enduring fascination of the sharon tate murder <sec> actress sharon tate and four others were murdered by the manson family in 1969 .  alisa statman is writing a memoir using the tate family 's manuscripts .  statman : `` [ the book ] been such a labor of love , i do n't want to get distracted .
 report : clashes between protesters , forces leave 15 dead in syria <sec> new : 15 people were killed on across syria on saturday , an activist group says .  new : the deaths include eight in homs and three in daraa .  security forces stormed homs this week in a major military operatio .
 apollo astronauts decry obama space plans <sec> neil armstrong , james lovell , eugene cernan criticize manned space flight plans .  president obama set to officially announce his space plans thursday .  obama 's plans would shift funding away from human space flight program .  three astronauts applaud plan for overall increase in nasa fundin .
 van der sloot lawyer quits over defense strategy <sec> onetime suspect in natalee holloway case faces a possible murder charge in peru .  his attorney has quit , citing unspecified differences over strategy .  peruvian woman found dead in hotel room registered to van der sloo .
 photographer races clock to honor last few world war i vets <sec> david dejonge photographs the surviving veterans of wwi , which ended in 1918 .  dejonge knows of only 10 living veterans worldwide who fought during world war i .  nine portraits of world war i vets have been donated to the pentago .
 report : u.s. nuclear general drank too much , misbehaved in russia <sec> maj. gen. michael carey oversaw three nuclear wings .  during a trip to russia in july , he showed up late for meetings and misbehaved .  an air force inspector general report sheds more light into the investigation .  he was relieved of duty in october because of loss of confidence in his leadershi .
 river guide believed killed by crocodile in congo <sec> hendrik coetzee was leading a team in congo sponsored by eddie bauer .  he apparently was pulled from a kayak by a crocodile on the lukuga river .  two kayakers with him were able to paddle to safety , according to sponsor 's blo .
 olympics chief tells fifa to crack down on corruption <sec> ioc president jacques rogge urges fifa to take a tough stance on corruption in football .  two fifa members suspended pending hearing into claims of bribery in bidding process .  olympic body was involved in a similar scandal prior to 2002 winter games in salt lake city .  in 1999 the ioc expelled 10 members who accepted gifts in return for their vote .
 man held in shooting near oregon high school <sec> police stopped the man in a vehicle ; they found a handgun in the car .  the shooting happened near a school campus in north portland .  wounded victims ran into a building at the school , police said .  police say the shooter fled the scene accompanied by two other male .
 3.4-magnitude quake hits near napa , california <sec> there are reports of damage so far , the napa county sheriff 's office says .  the quake hit 5 miles southwest of napa .  it comes a week after a 6.0-magnitude quake struck the same are .
 mccain , obama fight for title of 'most qualified ' <sec> barack obama says john mccain wrong about iraq .  mccain says obama `` does n't understand '' some key issues .  candidates debate earmarks , taxes , economic plans .  status of debate was in limbo until friday afternoo .
 singapore airlines a380 forced to turn back mid-flight <sec> a cockpit warning about a cargo door went off mid-flight on an airbus a380 .  the superjumbo , headed for hong kong , turned back to singapore , the airline says .  it landed safely and passengers were transferred to a replacement plan .
 flesh-eating bacteria survivor aimee copeland goes home <sec> aimee copeland contracted the bacteria in early may when her zip line broke .  she lost her hands , a leg and a foot .  she spent two months in the hospital and then moved to rehab .  she will live in a specially constructed wing of her parents ' hom .
 competitive travelers : the people who 've been everywhere <sec> travelers ' century club , for travel to 100 countries or more , has more than 2,000 members .  one organization says there are a possible 873 `` places '' to visit in the world .  competitive travelers claim the more places you visit , the more enlightened you becom .
 china 's white dolphins headed for extinction in pearl river delta ? <sec> china 's white dolphin population has fallen more than 60 % from 2003 to 2012 .  hong kong dolphin conservation society chairman says fall is `` alarming decline '' .  plans for world 's longest bridge-tunnel link , third airport runway impacting dolphin habitat .
 pakistani teen activist malala will have titanium plate placed in her skull <sec> malala chose the titanium over her own bone fragment .  doctors in pakistan had removed the fragment to save her life , when her brain swelled .  hospital official : malala has a great sense of humor .  the pakistani taliban tried to kill her for standing up for girls ' right to an educatio .
 swim lessons help minority children break cycle <sec> the josh project has helped more than 1,000 children in ohio learn to swim .  most of them are minorities , according to wanda butts , whose son drowned in 2006 .  statistics show that minority children are less likely than white children to know how to swim .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroe .
 forget falling stars : nasa plans to catch an asteroid <sec> nasa aims to tow the asteroid back toward earth , says florida sen. bill nelson .  astronauts would then travel there to study it .  president barack obama supports the plan , nelson say .
 g-20 pumps $ 1 trillion into beating recession <sec> u.s. president barack obama : unprecedented steps to restore growth .  world leaders say the agreed measures will shorten the recession .  more than $ 1 trillion will be injected into the world financial system .  six-point plan also strengthens regulations in the financial secto .
 gaza police confiscate banksy door at center of dispute <sec> rabea darduna 's gaza home was destroyed last year ; he sold his door to bring in some money .  on thursday , gaza police seized the door , which had originally been sold for $ 175 u.s . .  some of banksy 's art has sold for hundreds of thousands of dollar .
 boating accident brings tragic halt to summer exchange program <sec> bodies of dora schwendtner , szabolcs prem , found near site of pennsylvania boating accident .  they were among 15 hungarians on cultural exchange program with pennsylvania church .  they arrived in the united states july 2 to experience american culture .  it is unclear if the rest of the group will stay until scheduled return date of july 2 .
 german defense minister quits in plagiarism scandal <sec> new : he will stay in place until a successor is chosen , chancellor angela merkel says .  the resignation could affect merkel 's government .  karl-theodor freiherr zu guttenberg is quitting all political posts , he says .  he is accused of copying parts of his doctoral dissertatio .
 nadal survives scare to edge del potro ; djokovic and federer cruise <sec> world number one rafael nadal survives injury scare to beat juan martin del potro 7-6 3-6 7-6 6-4 .  novak djokovic beats michael llodra 6-3 6-3 6-3 in wimbledon last 16 clash .  six-time wimbledon champion roger federer beats mikhail youzhny .  number four seed andy murray beats richard gasquet 7-6 6-3 6- .
 bergen : al qaeda 's boss asserts himself <sec> president barack obama said al qaeda 's core is headed for defeat .  peter bergen : terror group 's leader is still acting as if al qaeda matters .  he says ayman al-zawahiri intervened to block merger of iraqi and syrian wings .  to avoid tracking , al-zawahiri likely using a courier to deliver messages , bergen say .
 feds broaden piracy case against megaupload.com <sec> new counts include copyright infringement , conspiracy to commit money laundering .  megaupload and related sites were shut last month .  several of the sites ' alleged leaders were arreste .
 bittersweet times for ivory coast 's cocoa industry <sec> the ivory coast is the world 's top supplier of cocoa , producing 35 percent of global supplies .  after increased cocoa production in the 1990s , production has flat-lined in the past 10 years .  political instability has delayed investment in the ivory coast 's cocoa industry .  other challenges include lack of credit and a shift among ivorian farmers away from cocoa to more reliable crop .
