 china warships set sail on anti-pirate mission <sec> it 's the first time chinese naval vessels have left chinese waters in centuries .  they will will join a multinational naval force already patrolling the area .  pirates have hijacked nearly 40 vessels off the coast of somalia .  some 20,000 tankers , freighters and vessels pass along the key route annuall .
 clinton condemns quran-burning plan <sec> u.s. secretary of state hillary clinton condemns planned burning of qurans .  u.s. embassy in pakistan also slams florida church 's plan .  pastor calls on petraeus to confront radical islam .  he says congregation is aware of warning that act could cause problems for u.s. troop .
 republican leaders shifting stance on payroll tax cut <sec> new : the senate blocks democratic , republican plans on a payroll tax cut extension .  new : president obama says republicans voted for higher taxes on the middle class .  house speaker boehner concedes the payroll tax cut helps the economy .  republicans differ with democrats on how to pay for a one-year extensio .
 opinion : why do planes still crash ? <sec> final report on crash of air france flight 447 concludes human error to blame .  flight 447 crashed into the atlantic ocean en route from rio de janeiro to paris .  investigation focused on pilots reactions to instrument failure , autopilot switching off .  voss : flying is safest way to travel , but more must be done to improve pilot trainin .
 bringing the 200-year-old clockwork boy back to life <sec> the 200-year-old mechanical boy can write poems and draw pictures .  charles penniman first saw him as a boy .  today , he is caretaker for the automato .
 sweat lodge deaths investigated as homicides <sec> 2 die , 19 injured in sweat lodge at arizona retreat .  self-help author james arthur ray sponsored the program .  `` we believe there are indications that it was not accidental , '' police say .  ray says he 's hired private investigators to determine what happene .
 senate democrats offer plan to avert mandatory cuts <sec> new : the white house urges republicans to favor the middle class over tax loopholes .  the plan raises taxes on millionaires , ends farm subsidies and cuts defense spending .  an aide to sen. mitch mcconnell says americans oppose higher taxes .  spending cuts to take effect march 1 absent congressional action to avert the .
 jeb bush : 'i 'm thinking about running for president ' <sec> former florida gov . .  jeb bush says he 'll decide soon if he will run for president in 2016 .  bush called for a more active foreign policy and said that could be a key theme of the next campaign .  he also argued for an overhaul of entitlement programs and energy , education and immigration policie .
 space shuttle lifts off friday <sec> space shuttle atlantis lifts off friday afternoon .  two-week mission will take crew to the international space station .  mission is one of the final three for the shuttle progra .
 nigeria 's military says it has retaken boko haram hq <sec> nigeria 's military says it has retaken the northeastern town of gwoza from boko haram .  the announcement comes on the eve of the west african nation 's general elections .  boko haram declared gwoza the headquarters of its `` caliphate '' last augus .
 source : paterson was not going to pick kennedy for senate seat <sec> new : source says gov . .  paterson did not think kennedy was `` ready for prime time '' .  new : kennedy had potential issues involving her taxes and her nanny , source says .  new : kennedy ally denies kennedy knew paterson was leaning away from her .  kennedy cites `` personal reasons '' for pulling out of contentio .
 thai king hospitalized with high fever <sec> the king was admitted to a hospital in bangkok .  he has reigned over more than 20 prime minister .
 friends : yale 's le ably balanced social life , school , love <sec> annie le named `` most likely to be the next einstein '' in high school .  friends : le excelled in studies , including pharmacology , medical anthropology .  grad student 's body found in yale building the day she was to be married .  le planned wedding with the same zeal she brought to her research , friends sa .
 what happened when weird al grew up <sec> weird al yankovic 's first children 's book hits shelves february 1 .  `` when i grow up '' centers on 8-year-old billy and his career possibilities .  yankovic 's career was built on passion for music and comedy plus an inherent nerdines .
 court : husband must pay childcare for twins conceived after couple 's separation <sec> twins were conceived through in vitro fertilization a year after the couple had separated .  the husband , an immigrant , argued he 'd consented to the procedure under duress .  he said his wife threated to obstruct his u.s. citizenship application .  a court rules that as the biological and legal father , he is responsible for child suppor .
 comedian joey bishop dies <sec> comedian joey bishop dies at home in los angeles .  with frank sinatra , dean martin , sammy davis jr. , bishop was in rat pack .  bishop had late-'60s talk show ; sidekick was regis philbi .
 lazio president claudio lotito receives 'death threats ' <sec> lazio president claudio lotito receives death threats from fans .  fans reacted angrily after lotito sanctioned the sale of hernanes to inter milan .  hernanes joined lazio in 2010 , going on to make over 100 appearances .  the brazilian was out of contract at the end of the current seaso .
 women : how do you plan to get ahead at work in 2013 ? <sec> are you determined to give your career a boost in 2013 ? .  will you ask for a raise , find a mentor or join a networking group ? .  share your professional 2013 resolutions .  we 'll feature the best on cnn.co .
 small plane with unresponsive pilot crashes into gulf of mexico <sec> new : friends identify the pilot as a well known cosmetic surgeon in the area .  the plane has sunk , no pilot found , the coast guard says .  the air force noticed the plane flying erratically thursday morning .  interceptor pilots reported the plane 's windows were fogged ove .
 hawks call for airstrikes targeting isis leaders <sec> as president 's isis speech nears , hawks say policy has n't been good enough so far .  white house spokesman says isis leaders may become targets .  analysts say the first challenge would be to locate elusive isis leader .
 austin : where to eat , stay and play <sec> capital fare : barbecue , dogs and the best martini in texas .  the driskill hotel is the pole position for everything austin .  check it out : swarming hungry bats ( they wo n't hurt you ) and two great music festival .
 poland 's brain gain : country 's brightest return home to seek fortune <sec> more and more poles are returning from abroad to find greater work opportunties at home .  polish twins ­jan and pawel left the london banking industry to set up business in poland .  today the pair have a successful organic baby clothes business , with excellent forecasts for growit .
 striker cabanas critical after shooting <sec> paraguay international salvador cabanas is in a critical condition after being shot in the head in mexico city .  the 29-year-old club america striker was taken to a hospital intensive care unit following the incident on sunday .  he has scored more than 100 times in the mexican top-flight and has netted 18 goals in 24 matches this seaso .
 bus driver delivers free home-cooked meals <sec> every night , jorge munoz brings food to unemployed men in queens , new york .  munoz estimates he 's served more than 70,000 meals since 2004 .  he and his family fund operation through their savings and his weekly $ 700 paycheck .  vote now for the cnn hero of the year at cnn.com/heroe .
 metal messenger : stove pipes papal pronouncement to the world <sec> conclave ballots and voting notes are destroyed in a stove placed in the sistine chapel .  chemicals are added to color the smoke to signify whether the ballot has been successful .  white smoke means a pope has been elected , black means the ballot was inconclusive .  john paul ii ordered that the bells of st. peter 's should also be rung if a pope was electe .
 'idol ' showdown : 'guy next door versus the guy-liner ' <sec> final two `` american idol '' contestants battle it out in song for the title tuesday .  californian adam lambert has developed a glam-rock persona .  arkansas resident kris allen has a guy-next-door appeal .  who will america choose ? .  results show starts at 8 p.m . .  et wednesda .
 'torchwood : miracle day ' steeped in fandom , libido and relationships <sec> `` torchwood '' teams up with starz for the fourth season , titled `` miracle day '' .  homosexual , bisexual , even `` try-sexual '' relationships do not faze sci-fi fans .  russell t. davies ' writing better on `` torchwood '' than `` doctor who , '' said fa .
 can rick perry win in 2016 ? <sec> longest-serving texas governor announced this week he would not seek re-election .  decision opens speculation that perry might seek the 2016 republican presidential nomination .  perry has had a strong political run , but presidential bid last time out was a flop .  competition could be tougher , too , if gop stars like rubio , christie jump into rac .
 5 hurt in accidental fireworks explosion in beirut <sec> an accidental fireworks explosion rocks downtown beirut .  5 who 'd been working with the fireworks are hurt , a security forces source says .  a large firework never launched and exploded on the ground , he add .
 inside the hunt for a leaker : state dept. , search warrants and fox <sec> justice department sought search warrants for electronic communication of fox news reporter in connection with leak investigation .  investigation focused on state department contractor who may have been in contact with reporter .  the reporter has never been charged and as of late 2009 , the government apparently had no interest going after him .  attorney general eric holder has come under fire for justice department handling of the cas .
 report : third man in china dies from unusual bird flu strain <sec> new : third man to die lived in zhejiang in eastern china , but worked in jiangsu province .  announcement comes days after the first three other cases -- and first two deaths -- were announced .  officials are trying to find the source of the infection .
 florida university attacks recall campus fears of 1990 <sec> a serial killer struck the university of florida campus in 1990 .  five students were killed in days , sending fear rippling across the city .  cnn 's sara sidner was a freshman at the university when the killings occurred .  the university is dealing with a string of attempted assaults on women over the past two week .
 'son of blackbird ' : plan for a new spy plane <sec> sr-72 could fly six times the speed of sound .  `` son of blackbird '' would be a drone , be able to launch missiles .  aircraft could be operational by 2030 , lockheed martin say .
 hillary clinton : ban torture through u.s. law - cnnpolitics.com <sec> clinton says congress should pass legislation to make u.s. ban on torture clear .  she also picked up on the cry that `` black lives matter '' in nationwide protests .  clinton 's speech emphasized the need to put american values firs .
 murray to face djokovic after five-set defeat of federer <sec> andy murray will play novak djokovic in sunday 's australian open final .  third seed murray beat roger federer in five sets to reach his third melbourne final .  it was murray 's first victory over federer at one of the sport 's four grand slams .  djokovic beat murray in the 2011 final of the season 's first grand sla .
 child suicide bombers find safe haven <sec> center in pakistan tries to rehabilitate children ready to be suicide bombers .  the center works more as a child protection unit than a counterterror unit .  families say taliban targets poor parents and at-risk children with promises of help .  at least one child now at the center was sent on a suicide mission by the taliba .
 plane lands on california highway ; no major injuries <sec> piper comanche 260 carrying a married couple landed on u.s. highway 101 .  plane 's engine quit , pilot lost control ; landed in south lane facing oncoming traffic .  plane struck two vehicles while landing , then spun and hit another one with its tai .
 judge and mentor l.a. reid is leaving 'the x factor ' <sec> new : hollywood reporter : song shows have spent millions to net new talent and boost ratings .  l.a. reid is a record executive .  he is leaving to concentrate more on his job , epic records says .  reid coached a country singer most recently on 'the x factor .
 more than 100 suspected gang members arrested <sec> the arrests were made primarily in san diego county .  the alleged offenses include kidnapping , attempted murder and drug trafficking .  the suspects are part of 20 street gangs that were overseen by the mexican mafi .
 sheriff : anxiety ran high before mississippi prison riot was quashed <sec> new : the aclu blasts `` for-profit incarceration , '' says the riot was n't surprising .  the riot began with a fight among prisoners , a sheriff says .  guard died due to what the coroner thinks was blunt force trauma .  the sheriff praises law enforcement efforts and the private firm that runs the priso .
 flight 370 : officials lean toward 'those in the cockpit ' theory <sec> area between malaysia and vietnam `` perfect place to start to disappear , '' official says .  investigators have renewed their focus on the pilots , a law enforcement official says .  malaysia 's government wanted a reason to search the pilots ' homes , the official says .  police search homes of pilot and co-pilo .
 single mom discharged , army says <sec> alexis hutchinson refused to deploy , saying there was no one to care for her infant .  army contended she had been given plenty of time to sort out family issues .  hutchinson could have faced court-martia .
 harding withdraws from consideration as tsa chief <sec> robert harding removes himself from consideration to lead tsa .  harding admitted `` making mistakes '' in prior dealings as defense contractor .  harding was obama 's second nominee to head the agenc .
 mourners bid solemn farewell to uk 's 'iron lady , ' margaret thatcher <sec> more than 2,300 mourners fill st. paul 's cathedral for margaret thatcher 's funeral .  among them are foreign dignitaries , uk politicians and queen elizabeth ii .  this is `` the place for simple truths which transcend political debate , '' says bishop of london .  thatcher 's granddaughter , amanda , gives one reading , pm david cameron anothe .
 veil ban a symbol of hypocrisy , fear <sec> mohammed ayoob says french plan to ban veils is gift to those that push anti-westernism .  it makes european human rights advocacy hollow by using it in this case for racism , he says .  ban is sign that europe trying to protect `` christendom '' from muslims .  ayoob : veil-ban is not about women as objects , but about irrational fear of islam in europ .
 what 's the new national pastime ? <sec> bob greene says it 's been awhile since baseball has been the u.s. national pastime .  he says life fragmented today ; few things unify americans as a shared pastime . .  tv once did .  he says internet has further splintered interests ; is computer screen new opiate of masses ? .  greene : new national pastime may just be multitasking . .  makes you wish for basebal .
 teen offers virginity for money <sec> 18-year-old brazilian girl is auctioning off her virginity on youtube .  she says she plans to use the money to help her ailing mother .  a tv network offered to pay for her mother 's medical expenses .  the deal fell through because bernardo wanted money for a new hous .
 pope 's christmas eve homily calls for mideast peace <sec> pope benedict xvi also calls for an end to exploitation of children .  pope seeks end to violence in to `` the land in which jesus lived '' .  person jumps barrier as pope leaves ; security quickly tackles perso .
 sharon stone sued by former nanny <sec> erlinda elemen accuses sharon stone of firing her because of overtime pay .  stone calls it `` an absurd lawsuit '' with `` made-up and fabricated '' claims .  the ex-nanny accuses stone of making derogatory comments about her ethnicity .  elemen worked as a live-in nanny for the actress for more than four year .
 `` putin out , '' russian protesters chant <sec> protests are taking place in moscow and other cities .  demonstrators think the parliamentary vote was rigged .  vladimir putin 's united russia retained its majority .  20,000 to 25,000 people turn out for protest in russia , police sa .
 forget large sodas , how about banning french fries ? <sec> mayor bloomberg of new york city plans to ban sale of large sugary drinks .  mark pereira : a ban based on shaky science may be setting us up for disappointment .  why target a single dietary factor among so many unhealthy foods and drinks , he asks .  pereira : eating french fries seems to have more effect on weight gai .
 sochi 2014 : russian olympics chief downplays leaders ' absences <sec> alexander zhukov says the absence of world leaders in sochi wo n't diminish the games .  `` the point is the competition itself , '' according to the russian olympic chief .  u.s. president barack obama and french president francois hollande will be no shows .  russia 's anti-gay propaganda law `` offended '' obama , he said in augus .
 at least 4 dead in bomb blast in lebanon <sec> new : u.s. embassy in lebanon condemns attack .  driver of jeep detonates bomb , interior minister says .  the blast occurred near lebanon 's border with syria .  caretaker prime minister pleads for unit .
 arizona officers join in g-20 security effort <sec> police officers from around country join g-20 security effort in pittsburgh .  departments involved include miami , florida , and baltimore , maryland .  cops from tucson , arizona , find chilly temps a change , but say `` it 's a lot of fun .
 fort hood shooting suspect could question victims at court-martial <sec> cleared to represent himself , fort hood shooting suspect could question victims during trial .  nidal hasan faces an army court-martial in 2009 massacre that left 13 dead , dozens hurt .  `` basically we have to outsmart and outwit him , '' sergeant says of taking stand in tria .
 chris rock on the billion dollar black 'good hair ' industry <sec> chris rock investigated the black hair industry after daughter admired white hair .  says black hair care industry pulls in some $ 9 million a year .  biggest moneymaker is hair weaves -- up to $ 5,000 , says rock .  he says hair straightening chemicals are too harsh for young childre .
 michigan seeks criminal charges in meningitis outbreak <sec> at least 14 people have died from the outbreak , official says .  some 51 people have died nationwide , the cdc says .  `` this investigation is necessary to uncover the truth , '' attorney say .
 eric garner 's neighbors talk about justice , racism <sec> tompkinsville is the staten island neighborhood where eric garner lived and died .  his friends and neighbors share their thoughts with cnn .  garner 's father wants people to honor his son ; `` no violence . .  we live here .
 is eric holder now the white house basketball star ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama says he leans more toward playing golf these days .  meanwhile , outgoing attorney general eric holder draws oohs and ahhs on the basketball cour .
 prosecutors grill stevens as trial comes to a close <sec> defense rests case after prosecutors cross-examine stevens .  sides argue whether massage chair in stevens ' home was a gift or a loan .  stevens : `` he said it was a gift , and i said i could not take it '' .  closing arguments expected to begin tuesda .
 vancouver medals in condom distribution <sec> other may want a recount , but it seems vancouver 's tops for winter games condoms .  more than 100,000 rubbers were distributed ; 8,500 more were sent as backup .  since 1992 barcelona olympics , condoms have been free for athletes at games .  health official proud of distribution , but hears rio gave out 35 million at mardi gra .
 intelligence chiefs say another terror attempt in u.s. is 'certain ' <sec> new : capture of al qaeda 's top leaders needed to possibly end attempts , dennis blair says .  new : blair defends decision to read christmas day suspect rights , says it yielded useful intel .  al qaeda remains the top security threat to the united states , agency heads say .  u.s. intelligence community also faces growing cybersecurity threa .
 ex-nasa exec : gingrich moon colony lost in the laughter <sec> ex-nasa official : political pundits do n't understand newt gingrich 's space vision .  change how and why u.s. does space by leveraging free enterprise , says charles miller .  commercial space planes would fundamentally enhance national security , author says .  miller : u.s. has lost world leadership in commercial space transportatio .
 karzai rival prefers opposition to coalition <sec> runoff against hamid karzai will take place november 7 .  abdullah and others claimed massive fraud in august 20 vote .  abdullah once served as foreign minister in karzai 's governmen .
