 'homeland ' actress ' hair : the long and short of it <sec> morena baccarin plays military wife and mother jessica brody on `` homeland '' .  baccarin tells esquire that for the past four years she 's kept her locks super short .  there are entire online message boards devoted to baccarin 's hair .  michelle williams says her cropped tresses are a tribute to late actor heath ledge .
 ships collide in north sea , killing 4 <sec> new : search is called off for crew members missing after a ship collision wednesday evening .  new : passing ships have been told to be on the lookout , netherlands coast guard says .  thirteen people are rescued ; seven are missing .  the baltic ace began sinking immediately after the collisio .
 pirelli : nothing wrong with f1 tires <sec> pirelli ceo defends the tires the manufacturer supplies to formula one .  tire blowouts have attracted headlines during the 2013 season .  ferrari 's fernando alonso described the tires as `` not good '' .  pirelli is in the third year of its f1 deal and likely to continue in 2014 seaso .
 stoner takes advantage in assen as lorenzo crashes out early <sec> world champion casey stoner wins motogp at assen .  title leader jorge lorenzo crashes out on first bend .  dani pedrosa finishes second with andrea doviziosa third .  stoner draws level with lorenzo at top of the standing .
 obama says china 's currency undervalued and a cause of trade deficit <sec> new : the u.s. house is considering a bill to allow trade retaliation .  president responds to a question at a town hall-style meeting .  the issue is a major one between the world 's two largest economie .
 epa official resigns over 'crucify ' remark <sec> the 2010 comment by al armendariz drew protests from republicans .  epa administrator lisa jackson accepts armendariz 's resignation .  the white house and the agency call the remark inaccurate .  armendariz says he regrets his commen .
 apparently this matters : bye bye , buckyballs <sec> the makers of buckyballs are discontinuing them because of safety concerns .  buckyballs are hugely popular and superaddictive shape-changing magnetic beads .  buckyball supporters are furious . .  i feel their pain . .  because these things are amazing .
 ridge : bush officials sought to raise terror alert before '04 vote <sec> former dhs chief tom ridge claims bush officials tried to politicize terror alert level .  ridge says rumsfeld , ashcroft sought action after osama bin laden tape surfaced .  at time , terror alert level was not raised .  in new book , ridge says incident led him to leave governmen .
 leslie lumeh : painting from the heart <sec> artist had to leave liberia during civil war ; returned 8 years later at end of conflict .  opened monrovia 's first gallery after war , believes in positive influence of art .  social commentary in his paintings and cartoons in daily newspape .
 surfer dies after shark attack off california air force base <sec> new : the victim is identified as 39-year-old francisco javier solorio .  four friends were riding waves off surf beach at vandenberg air force base .  one notices a shark attack his friend .  the victim was n't affiliated with the military base , a spokesman say .
 charles manson to have parole hearing , but he may not attend <sec> charles manson 's attorney will urge the parole board to put manson in a mental hospital .  manson is serving a life sentence in a california state prison in corcoran .  now 77 , he has been denied parole 11 times .  the last time he appeared at a parole hearing was 15 years ag .
 10 confirmed measles cases in illinois <sec> a total of 10 confirmed measles cases in illinois . .  nine stem from the same suburban chicago-area day care center .  georgia announced its first case of measles since 201 .
 corruption sting nabs iraqi deputy minister <sec> integrity commission says videotape shows transport official taking $ 100,000 bribe .  sting is latest aimed at what many iraqis say is rampant corruption in the country .  transport spokesman calls arrest a surprise , congratulates integrity panel 's work .  integrity panel chief says iraqi prime minister strongly backed operatio .
 newcastle end chelsea 's unbeaten run <sec> chelsea 's unbeaten 23-match run in all competitions is ended by newcastle united .  newcastle handed premier league leaders a 2-1 defeat at st james ' park .  manchester city beat everton 1-0 to close within three points of chelsea .  paris st germain remain only team unbeaten in all european competition .
 is orbitz steering mac users toward pricier hotels ? <sec> orbitz ceo : company tries to display search results that pair consumer with best choice .  wall street journal article said mac users were steered toward pricier hotels .  ceo says orbitz has found that mac users generally prefer a nicer hotel .  orbitz experiment is not about making mac users pay more , ceo say .
 grimes : paul ca n't run for president and the senate <sec> kentucky secretary of state alison lundergan grimes hopes to block sen. rand paul from running for two offices at once .  grimes , a democrat , recently lost in a landslide to gop sen. mitch mcconnel .
 opinion : will democrats pay price in 2014 midterms for bergdahl deal ? <sec> julian zelizer : criticism of obama foreign policy has been on the increase .  hillary clinton 's book mentions her disagreement with obama on syrian rebels .  he says debate over prisoner swap for sgt . .  bowe bergdahl adds to the controversy .  zelizer says foreign policy can have effect on midterms , usually dominated by economic issue .
 'game of thrones ' : kit harington spills on season four finale <sec> show runners and star say the season four finale is the best yet .  it will have to answer a lot of questions after episode nine .  one thing is clear : the actor playing jon snow is headed for season fiv .
 grief , fear constant as syrian families take shelter <sec> women and children huddle in a makeshift shelter as the syrian government shells city of homs .  `` the children are always crying ; the bombs are coming down , '' one mother says .  `` what is the world waiting for ? '' .  another demands as her son cries for his dead fathe .
 pew survey : privacy vs. online convenience <sec> new pew survey asks experts what privacy will look like in 10 years .  living in public is expected to become the new default .  some people willingly trade their privacy for convenience and services .  new tools might give people control over their data , at a cos .
 obama calls on congress to quickly pass his 'american jobs act ' <sec> new : sen. reid says the plan is a litmus test for republican intentions .  obama wants the $ 447 billion plan paid for by a broader deficit-reduction deal .  speaker boehner says obama 's proposals merit consideration .  other republicans are more critical , calling the plan more failed stimulus polic .
 17 killed in sinking of migrants ' ship off italy <sec> new : u.n. refugee agency is dismayed by rising migrant death toll in mediterranean .  about 200 people rescued from boat in mediterranean on monday , italian navy says .  deadly shipwreck came a day after a boat sank off libya , killing at least 40 .  the italian military rescued about 2,000 migrants in five days alone , navy say .
 general : end of combat role does not mean end to fighting <sec> all fighting unlikely to stop , retired brig . .  gen. mark kimmitt says .  iraqi forces have been taking the lead for two years , he says .  sacrifices of blood and resources were worthwhile , kimmitt says .  change of mission in iraq should improve capabilities in afghanistan , he say .
 five injured in boston duck boat crash <sec> new : a manager says a piece of equipment fell and got stuck under the boat 's brake pedal .  duck boats are used for tours on land or water .  two people were killed in a duck boat crash this month in philadelphia , pennsylvani .
 10 things to know before visiting copenhagen <sec> copenhagen is the capital of what is officially the happiest country on earth .  no wonder its citizens love `` hygge '' -- coziness with earflaps .  even the christmas decorations are tastefu .
 columbine left its indelible mark on pop culture <sec> columbine tragedy provided fodder for several creative works .  musicians , writers , filmmakers and game developers responded with projects .  `` elephant '' an example of film that tackled the tragedy .  marilyn manson responded to allegations his music helped inspire massacr .
 tweets tip off former nfl player about teens partying in his home <sec> brian holloway was in florida when he heard about a wild party at his new york home .  the former nfl player says tweets told of teens partying with alcohol and drugs .  the partygoers stole property , spray-painted graffiti , caused $ 20,000 in damage , he says .  he says 200 partygoers have been identified , and the last 100 will be in the next few day .
 al qaeda set to benefit from unrest in yemen <sec> houthis , who are shiite muslims , have been fighting yemen 's government for years .  al qaeda in the arabian peninsula , a sunni muslim group , is fighting the houthis .  amid the turmoil , aqap could expand its power in yemen , which is on strategic shipping lane .
 cartoonist : terror attack is personal <sec> rick mckee : as a cartoonist , the paris attack hurt on a personal level .  our freedoms are at risk , plain and simple , he say .
 ethnic hatred fuels more kenya violence <sec> red cross reports people being burned alive .  ethnic fighting kills 47 people since thursday in western kenya , opposition says .  violence follows meeting between president kibaki and opposition leader .  more than 500 people have been killed in violence that followed the electio .
 cnn student news - may 21 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 get real , lower drinking age to 19 <sec> william cohan : duke lacrosse players were drinking a lot when allegations of rape came up .  cohan : more than half of college freshmen binge drink , and can become crude and aggressive .  cohan : the drinking age of 21 is a national joke , students on campus violate law every day .  cohan : we need drinking age of 19 , no tolerance for drunken driving or binge drinkin .
 lawyer : accused ubs bank trader 'sorry beyond words ' <sec> kwaku adoboli faces four charges involving fraud and false accounting .  the trader at swiss bank ubs was arrested last week .  ubs says it has lost $ 2.3 billion in unauthorized trading .  adoboli has not yet entered a plea to the charge .
 pakistani prime minister : musharraf should stand trial for treason <sec> former president pervez musharraf is accused of abrogating the constitution .  the country 's new prime minister , nawaz sharif , says musharraf should stand trial .  the two men clashed in the late 1990s when musharraf was army chief .  musharraf overthrew sharif 's elected government in a bloodless cou .
 2 dead , 40 feared trapped in south africa building collapse <sec> two people have died after a building collapsed in south africa , emergency services say .  crisis medical operations director says 30 people had been taken to the hospital .  a crane has arrived at the scene to clear rubble to look for 30 to 40 people missing .  a large amount of scaffolding and cement fell on construction worker .
 adam lambert : i 'm 'proud of my sexuality ' <sec> adam lambert subject of cover story in rolling stone ; says he is gay .  lambert said he never sought to hide sexuality , but did n't want it sensationalized .  decision to try out for `` american idol '' came after psychedelic experienc .
 dozens killed in attack on aleppo hospital , syrian rebel leader says <sec> the dead include two nurses , says rebel leader .  dar al-shifa hospital is a primary source of medical help in syria 's commercial hub .  its maternity ward had been attacked earlier in the yea .
 kenyan teens groomed to fight for somali terrorists <sec> mom tells how her teen son living in a kenyan slum was one of at least six persuaded to join al-qaeda-linked al shabaab .  one mom said : `` why should he leave here and go fight in something he does n't even understand '' .  kenyan muslims say a charismatic iman taught the poverty-stricken kids about 'islamic struggles ' .  but the iman is remembered fondly by others at the kenyan muslim center where he groomed children for jiha .
 samsung predicts record profit as galaxy dazzles <sec> samsung says it expects to make a second quarter profit of us $ 5.9 billion .  the tech giant has overtaken apple and nokia as world 's biggest phone supplier .  samsung and apple are also locked in multiple patent infringement case .
 moving map shows chinese new year travel rush in real time <sec> chinese web giant baidu develops moving map of lunar new year travelers .  map works by pulling location data from mobile phone .
 north korea vows end to nonaggression pacts after u.n. vote <sec> new : north korea says sanctions over the years only caused it to bolster its nuclear deterrent .  the u.n. security council voted unanimously to approve new measures .  china calls for all parties to calm down but stands behind new u.n. sanctions .  north korea responds with a fresh statement of angry threat .
 arab youth offers hope for doha climate talks <sec> lebanese environmental activist , wael hmaidan calls for middle eastern countries to pledge support for climate action .  cop18 a `` key transition conference where old negotiation tracks need to finalized , and new ones started '' .  youth activists instrumental in arab spring now calling for strong lead on climate from middle east leaders .  civil society expect political leadership to stand up to push for a fair , ambitious and binding climate deal , hmaidan say .
 ex-philippines president arrested on corruption charges <sec> gloria macapagal-arroyo was arrested at a hospital where she is being treated for hypertension .  she 'll remain in the hospital because her health wo n't allow her to be moved , official says .  she 's accused of fraudulently transferring money from a charit .
 world 's biggest public transportation project for saudi arabian capital <sec> $ 22 billion project to build new metro network in saudi arabian capital .  85 stations and 176 km of train lines will be built over five years .  currently only 2 % of commuters in riyadh use public transport .  zaha hadid architects have designed one of the flag-ship station .
 venezuela fines independent broadcaster <sec> new : the penalty is the latest salvo in long-running dispute between globovision and the government .  the broadcaster is fined 7.5 % of its gross income for violating the law .  the government accuses the network of inciting anxiety in the public .  the $ 2.2 million fine could mean the end of globovisio .
  <sec> heidi klum said seal proposed to her in front of an igloo he had built .  the couple has four children ; klum said love and respect help them maintain a happy marriage .  she calls `` project runway '' her great business success , says her passion is desig .
 jack johnson 's hawaii festivals meld music , eco-awareness <sec> jack johnson has released a live album , `` jack johnson and friends -- best of kokua festival '' .  it includes performances with eddie vedder , dave matthews , willie nelson , ziggy and damian marley .  proceeds to go the kokua hawaii foundation to fund eco-friendly programs for childre .
 vegas resort casino fire fully contained <sec> fire doused on the top floors and roof of monte carlo resort .  fire chief : firefighters had to hang out the windows to try to cut the fire off .  the 32-floor building was completely evacuated .  no major injuries have been reported , and no one was trappe .
 5 things : on and off-field highlights , low moments from the world cup <sec> after the opener thursday , three games are played in brazil on friday .  netherlands routs spain in a rematch of the 2010 final .  interpol official notes worries about match-fixing , illegal betting .  pope francis jokes he promised brazilians he 'd remain neutra .
 egypt : detained al jazeera journalists appear in court as trial opens <sec> three detained al jazeera journalists appear in court as their trial opens in cairo .  no evidence is presented in court ; the trial is adjourned until march 5 .  peter greste , mohammed fahmy and baher mohammed are among 20 accused .  authorities say they have ties to the banned muslim brotherhood organizatio .
 more than 1,000 missing in philippines after storm <sec> a total of 1,079 people remain unaccounted for after tropical storm washi , the government says .  the death toll from the storm continues to rise , reaching 1,080 .  more than 300,000 people are being taken care of at evacuation centers .  the u.n. has made an appeal to raise $ 28 million to deal with 'huge ' humanitarian need .
 us weekly retracts story with kendall jenner remarks <sec> us weekly retracts a story about the daughter of former olympian bruce jenner .  us weekly quoted kendall jenner as saying she supported her father .  bruce jenner is making headlines over rumors he is becoming a woma .
 yoko ono recounts john lennon on his 70th birthday anniversary <sec> cnn 's anderson cooper interviews yoko ono in a three-part exclusive airing this week .  `` we should celebrate that he was here , '' ono says of lennon .  she does n't trust lennon murderer mark david chapman .  blaming her for the beatles ' breakup is due to racism and sexism , ono say .
 strong earthquake hits off antarctica 's coast <sec> the quake struck sunday morning near antarctica 's shetland islands .  the usgs reports it struck at a depth of 6.2 miles .  a u.s. agency warns there 's a `` small possibility of a ... regional tsunami .
 accused killer philip chism charged in second case <sec> philip chism , 15 , accused of attempted murder in assault on youth services worker .  in another case , teen is charged in rape and killing of algebra teacher colleen ritzer .  prosecutors lay out narrative of what they said was `` the defendant 's intent to murder .
 'little big planet 2 ' : a worthy successor <sec> `` lbp2 '' boasts authentic human voice acting , lending atmosphere to its scenes .  the object is the same : dress your sackboy and surrounding scenery with stickers .  the game 's additional fun comes from making your own level .
 russia urges south sudan to act over downed u.n. helicopter <sec> russia 's foreign minister calls on south sudan to punish those responsible .  four russians died when south sudanese forces shot down a u.n. helicopter .  south sudan 's armed forces say the incident was an accident .  u.n. chief ban ki-moon has condemned the shooting down of the aircraf .
 territorial tensions rumble on as clinton visits beijing <sec> secretary of state hillary clinton received a hostile welcome from the chinese media .  she urges china to agree to a code of conduct for territorial disputes .  beijing continues to exchange barbs with tokyo in an island quarrel .  clinton 's meeting with the presumptive chinese president is cancele .
 abandon ship ? in recent disasters , captains do n't hang around <sec> captains should stay on board until everybody is safe , experts say .  the sewol and costa concordia captains buck a tradition of staying with the ship .  in italy , south korea and other countries , abandoning ship can be a crime .  a captain 's early departure can leave a leadership vacuum , a safety expert say .
 africa 's oil and gas potential : boom or hype ? <sec> 6 of the top 10 global oil and gas discoveries in 2013 were made in africa .  yet , developing these finds requires massive , long-term investments .  countries must improve regulatory and business environment to attract investor .
 rubio re-emerges after backing away from spotlight <sec> florida sen. marco rubio is giving a major economic policy address .  it 's part of a larger coordinated strategy to prepare for a presidential run .  one challenge is being noticed among the many other republicans considering .  his lead on immigration caused discernment among the republican bas .
 blasts kill 118 in central nigeria <sec> twin explosions strike a market in the city of jos .  `` terrorists usually want to cause fear and trepidation , '' says one official .  another official warns the death toll could go highe .
 rare hong kong dim sum classics make comeback <sec> as innovative chefs create modern takes on dim sum , some of the classics are getting harder to find .  a few hong kong restaurants continue to offer hard-to-find tastes like siu mai with quail egg .  health concerns have caused some dishes to fall from favor , such as the chinese sausage bu .
 tomboy style no longer a passing fad <sec> katherine mcmillan wanted stylish shoes without the frills , so started making her own .  she 's designing for women who blur the line between masculine and feminine .  tomboy style is no longer a passing fad , `` tomboy style '' blogger says .  some say the term tomboy is outdate .
