 former presidential adviser , civil rights figure katzenbach dies <sec> former u.s. attorney general nicholas katzenbach dies at 90 .  he was a key adviser to presidents kennedy , johnson .  katzenbach confronted alabama gov . .  george wallace over desegregation .  he drafted and engineered passage of the civil rights act of 196 .
 egypt losing 'constitutional moment ' <sec> frida ghitis : democracy proving hard because egyptians seems not to grasp how it works .  she says many , particularly those who gain power , believe it is about imposing will on losers .  she says morsy , brotherhood pushing islamist style power , their constitution an affront .  ghitis : opposition has uphill battle to make case . .  egypt risks losing `` consitutional moment .
 israel : missing soldier dies in battle <sec> new : thousands of pro-palestinian protesters rally in washington .  slain israeli soldier , lt. hadar goldin , is promoted posthumously .  troops `` managed to hurt severely '' the capability of hamas , israeli pm says .  hamas leader : cease-fire was rejected on basis of israel 's ongoing operation .
 31 can't-miss u.s. beaches <sec> there 's still time to enjoy united states coastal and lake shores .  there are lovely swimming spots all over the country .  lower gas prices mean it 's more affordable to drive to many beache .
 jaime escalante 's lesson for teachers <sec> america 's schools still have a lot to learn from jaime escalante , who died this week .  ruben navarrette says the celebrated teacher did n't expect low achievement from poor , minority students .  he says that by aiming high , escalante got extraordinary results from student .
 india 's ruling congress party suffers loss in key vote <sec> the elections are considered a litmus test for prime minister manmohan singh 's government .  voters back the regional samajwadi party , giving it a decisive majority of 224 seats .  results show congress party winning in less than 30 of the 403 borough .
 ukraine must get grip on corruption : opinion <sec> ukraine 's economy in desperate need of help , says oleksii khmara .  country ranked 144th out of 177 countries in corruption index last year .  lawmakers must back anti-corruption legislation to build confidence , khmara say .
 what are oil dispersants ? <sec> dispersants are a common product used to clean and control oil spills in the ocean .  they are chemicals , but less harmful than the toxic oil , coast guard and epa say .  bp will try using dispersants underwater to break up oil gushing into gulf of mexic .
 nfl player albert haynesworth charged with misdemeanor sexual abuse <sec> new : haynesworth denies the accusation through his lawyer .  tackle indicted , set to be arraigned may 10 .  prosecutors say football player fondled a waitres .
 more than 500 dead in brazil flooding <sec> new : death toll rises to more than 500 .  officials fear more may be dead in the flooding in rio de janeiro state .  bad conditions curtailed rescue missions overnight , but they resumed friday .  chaos reigns in the hard-hit city of teresopolis , where morgues are ful .
 owner of plane in jenni rivera crash under dea investigation <sec> the company that owns the plane that crashed , killing jenni rivera , faces dea probe .  authorities confiscated two of firm 's planes this year , court records show .  dea spokeswoman confirms the investigation is ongoin .
 u.s. airstrikes in pakistan called 'very effective ' <sec> cia director leon panetta makes rare public acknowledgment of raids .  u.s. airstrikes `` only game in town '' to fight al qaeda in pakistan , he says .  he says strikes are very precise and collateral damage is limite .
 obama unveils high-speed passenger rail plan <sec> he says it 's needed to to unclog traffic , cut oil dependence , improve environment .  proposal identifies 10 likely high-speed rail corridors for federal funding .  he cited success of high-speed rail in europe as positive example for u.s . .  funding would come from stimulus plan , five-year investment in high-speed rai .
 ex-hussein lieutenant tariq aziz hospitalized <sec> tariq aziz remained hospitalized at a u.s. military hospital sunday after falling ill in prison .  he was taken to the hospital thursday , though no details of his ailment were released .  aziz served as deputy pm from 1981 to 2003 and as foreign minister for part of that time .  he was sentenced to 15 years in connection with the 1992 executions of 42 merchant .
 alyssa carter : the 8-year-old saving rhinos <sec> eight-year-old aylssa carter has started her own campaign to protect rhinos from poaching .  the johannesburg primary school pupil has raised over $ 23,000 .  her money will train sniffer dogs as part of a new campaign to stop poacher .
 opinion : gridlock at the supreme court <sec> marshall sonenshine : equality won for same-sex marriage , but it was far from a slam dunk .  in 1967 , court ruled 9-0 in loving that interracial marriage ban was unconstitutional .  he says loving had legal and moral clarity ; windsor case at 5-4 vote was politically charge .
 iranian president : 9/11 was 'big lie ' <sec> mahmoud ahmadinejad says 9/11 attacks a ruse to allow invasion of afghanistan .  his remarks , reported by state media , come two days before he arrives in afghanistan .  ahmadinejad to meet with afghan president hamid karzai , according to report .
 white house : 'higher profile ' person should have gone to paris - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the white house said it should have sent a higher-profile representative to a paris unity march .  at least 1.5 million people attended the anti-terrorism rally in france , including several world leaders .  secretary of state john kerry had a prior commitment in india with the new prime minister ther .
 'little rock nine ' member jefferson thomas dead at 67 <sec> new : president obama praises thomas ' bravery .  thomas died of pancreatic cancer on sunday .  he was 15 when he and others integrated arkansas schools in 1957 .  other little rock nine members remember thomas as being able to keep them laughin .
 passion for portland triumphs <sec> voting split in unscientific poll pitting portland against seattle .  portland fans ' enthusiasm pushes the city ahead of seattle .  portland supporters share tips for great eateries , local event .
 dea moves against two florida pharmacies , distributor over pill sales <sec> the dea says two pharmacies ordered more than 3 million oxycodone units in a year .  a typical pharmacy orders 69,000 such units a year , the dea says .  the pharmaceutical distributor involved says it will fight the license suspension .  `` we believe the dea is wrong , '' says the ceo of the compan .
 new york traveler faces weapons charges <sec> arrest made at security stop at jfk .  man is accused of checking illegal weapons at terminal .  authorities : two rifles were defaced with paint , covering serial number .
 u.s. diplomat in ethiopia found dead <sec> u.s. embassy says a criminal investigation is under way .  authorities found brian adkins dead over the weekend .  u.s. official says it was adkins first tour of duty as a foreign service officer .  there were no apparent threats against adkin .
 former transit cop convicted in california subway shooting to go free <sec> johannes mehserle can walk out of prison early monday .  the former bart officer was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in oscar grant 's death .  mehserle served one year of a two-year sentence because of credit for good conduc .
 opinion : why china needs to turn its farmers into consumers <sec> china 's economic future depends on empowering migrant workers .  the current investment-based economic model is running out of gas .  making migrants legal urban residents will create a new wave of consumers .  however , sustainable urban development will be huge challeng .
 whistleblower says poor inspections partly to blame for spill <sec> bobby maxwell spent 22 years at minerals management service .  maxwell , who routinely visited offshore rigs , says inspectors did little real work .  he described agency as `` a culture of corruption '' during his tenur .
 denmark suspect swore fidelity to isis leader <sec> man identified as denmark shooter swore fidelity to isis leader in facebook posting .  `` we stand together as danes , '' prime minister says at candlelight vigi .
 thanks to science , there are more baby pandas <sec> china 's panda experts improved breeding pandas in captivity .  12 years ago , chengdu zoo keeper had only 20 pandas , now center has more than 100 animals .  challenge is reintroducing captive pandas back into the wil .
 kabul holds its breath as nato 's presence fades away <sec> kabul faces uncertain future as nato presence -- and the money that came with it -- fades away .  interpreters are out of work , nato trucks sit idle on roads , restaurants are empt .
 court bans samsung tablet from sale in europe <sec> appeals court in germany rules the galaxy tab 7.7 infringes on apple 's ipad patent .  the tablet is now banned from sale across the european union .  the galaxy tab 10.1n is allowed to be sold , however .  the original galaxy tab 10.1 had been banned , so samsung changed its loo .
 keeping the blues out of the red <sec> cash injections from rich owners increasingly dictates the performance of english premier league clubs .  overseas warm-ups are big money-spinners for british clubs , as tickets and merchandise create revenue .  new financial fair play ( ffp ) rules for 2012 stress that income should be earned from football-related activitie .
 'sneakerheads ' pay big bucks for rare kicks <sec> big boi says he has 400 pairs , including crocodile-skin nikes he 's never worn .  shoe companies capitalizing on niche demand for rare , limited-edition sneakers .  sneakerology teacher : `` if they 've got money , they can buy coolness '' .  woman says boyfriend `` will not walk through grass . .  he will not walk through dirt .
 karthikeyan : indian grand prix can spark formula one boom <sec> narain karthikeyan says the indian grand prix is huge for his country .  indian formula one driver says the race can boost the sport 's popularity .  sunday 's indian grand prix is the first to be held in the country .  karthikeyan calls it a historic moment for himself and for indi .
 opinion : we use paula deen to give ourselves a pass <sec> gene seymour : i 'm tired of people beating up on deen and also of those excusing her .  he says we fixate on her disastrous statements , apologies , attempts to right herself .  he says we use her to feel superior , rather than face our unfinished business with racism .  seymour : we focus on celebrity gaffes , not incarceration rates , real forms of discriminatio .
 4 dead in new york group home fire <sec> two died at site of fire , two died at hospital , gov . .  david paterson 's office says .  fire started around 5:30 a.m. in home for mentally disabled 70 miles from albany .  the cause of the fire is under investigatio .
 twitter reacts angrily to sepp blatter 's comments on racism <sec> footballers and journalists have reacted to sepp blatter 's comments on racism .  fifa president told cnn players who are abused should shake hands and move on .  manchester united 's rio ferdinand has condemned blatter 's remarks .  cnn 's piers morgan called blatter 's comments `` utterly outrageous .
 nigerian president inaugurated weeks after violence <sec> jonathan was re-elected in april to his first full term .  muslims in some areas claimed election was rigged .  the president is from predominantly christian sout .
 ntsb : truck in tracy morgan crash speeding , driver neared rest limits <sec> walmart driver had been working almost 14 hours , ntsb says .  kevin roper had driven 9 hours , 37 minutes before crashing into morgan 's limo , report says .  police say the driver had been awake for more than 24 hours at the time of the crash .  tracy morgan 's condition was upgraded from critical to fair this wee .
 sumo 'fixing ' scandal rocks japan <sec> japan 's national sport of sumo wrestling facing a match-fixing scandal .  reports allege wrestlers fixed bouts via text message .  japan 's prime minister says if true the scandal is a 'betrayal of the people .
 peace corps temporarily out of bolivia <sec> peace corps cites `` growing instability '' in bolivia for decision .  bolivian leader evo morales battling autonomy movement in country 's eastern part .  morales has accused u.s. of inciting violence in bolivia .  u.s. envoy thrown out ; u.s. has expelled bolivian ambassado .
 mancini furious as city defeat gives united 15-point lead <sec> roberto mancini snubs media after manchester city 's 2-0 defeat at 10-man everton .  shock loss allows manchester united to move 15 points clear with nine games to go .  mancini was angry after controversial decision denied city a late penalty .  wayne rooney scores only goal as united beat second-bottom readin .
 teen turns escape from pain into charity <sec> mackenzie bearup , 16 , escapes painful disease through reading .  she created book charity to help troubled children soothe their pain too .  bearup has collected , donated 38,000 books for homeless and abused kids since 2007 .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2010 cnn heroe .
 affidavit : georgia teen ayvani perez 's abductors demanded drugs , money <sec> new : an affidavit says ayvani perez 's family was called hours after abduction .  new : authorities later tied cell phones linked to the crime to one suspect .  he and another man , tied to a reported drug arrest involving ayvani 's mother , are detained .  two other suspects in the kidnapping may still be at larg .
 with cap , alex torres makes pitch for baseball safety <sec> padres pitcher alex torres is the first mlb player to wear a new protective cap in a game .  mlb approved the new caps , produced by 4licensing corporation , in january .  4licensing says caps protect against line drives up to 85 mph on the side and 90 mph in front .  an mlb-commissioned study says average line drive to pitching mound travels 83 mp .
 aquino 's son to bid for philippines presidency <sec> philippines sen. benigno `` noynoy '' aquino iii announces he will run for president .  he is the only son of former president corazon aquino , who died on august 1 .  he said he would continue the fight started by his parents to promote democracy .  president gloria macapagal arroyo 's term ends in 201 .
 search continues for 2 men in frigid waters <sec> new : search resumes for two fishermen lost in frigid waters off alaska .  distressed boat had sent e-mail that it was taking on water .  four fishermen rescued ; five bodies have been recovered .  cfo of company : we `` are praying that those that are still in the water are alive .
 cnn student news - february 19 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 measuring the homegrown terrorist threat to u.s. military <sec> house and senate panels hold hearings on homegrown terrorists and u.s. military .  authors say study shows dimensions of the threat .  american military is a target for islamist extremist plots at home and abroad , they say .  authors : congress should also study threat from non-islamist terror groups of left , righ .
 families flee earthquake in central america <sec> new : frightened patients flee hospital and refuse to return as aftershocks rumble .  new : no immediate reports of casualties ; damage reported but extent not yet known .  quake struck at 1:11 a.m . .  et about 235 miles ( 380 km ) west of panama cit .
 mexico frees jailed u.s. marine reservist <sec> andrew paul tahmooressi boards a flight for miami from san diego .  tahmooressi was arrested march 31 in tijuana .  the marine reservist said he took a wrong turn and accidentally crossed border .  tahmooressi served in afghanistan and suffered from ptsd , his mother sai .
 baby missing after parents shot in california <sec> long beach police say 3-week-old eliza delacruz is missing .  a person who shot her parents and uncle saturday took the child , police said .  anyone with information should call ( 562 ) 435-6711 , or anonymously 1-800-222-tips ( 8477 .
 susie wolff : historic formula one outing stalls <sec> susie wolff became the first woman in 22 years to take to the track at an f1 grand prix .  but the scot only lasted four laps before engine failure forced her to withdraw .  wolff will have another chance to drive in practice ahead of the german grand prix .  the 31-year-old drives for the williams f1 tea .
 why jeremy lin 's race matters <sec> china -- and connections to it -- have been used to stoke fear in u.s. election , liu writes .  two deaths have spurred asian american lawmakers to demand hearings on hazing in military .  against all of this , jeremy lin has vaulted himself to stardom , liu writes .  he is the nba 's first u.s.-born player of chinese or taiwanese descen .
 yemen lays out truce terms to rebel fighters <sec> move follows offensive by yemeni forces against rebels in north .  government and houthi rebels involved in intermittent fighting since 2004 .  conflict said to be separatist -- who will have power in the area -- and sectarian .  nine foreigners abducted in june while apparently on a picnic in saada regio .
 spike lee revisits mj 's career with 'bad 25 ' doc <sec> spike lee 's documentary celebrates the 25th anniversary of michael jackson 's `` bad '' .  lee hopes the doc will encourage people to focus on jackson 's music and art .  the movie follows the making of `` bad '' track by track .  lee 's doc will get a television premiere on abc november 2 .
 philadelphia abortion clinic worker pleads guilty <sec> clinic worker pleads guilty to six charges .  authorities allege infants were killed with scissors .  dr. kermit gosnell faces murder charges in the cas .
 emmys : 'big four ' networks stand up to cable ( opinion ) <sec> ed bark : emmy nominations indicated big four networks were going to be losers again .  bark : but an unusually high percentage of trophies went to traditional networks this year .  broadcast networks won marquee categories , he said , matching or exceeding hbo .  bark : could be a fluke or a last stand as more cable outlets make original , quality serie .
 meet the star of key west 's 'drag queen drop ' <sec> key west 's `` drag queen drop '' started in 1996 , starring gary marion as `` sushi '' .  the new year 's eve festivities have now gained worldwide attention .  marion spends months working on the dress he will wear as sush .
 29 dead in brazil floods <sec> 13 people are killed in a mudslide in rio de janeiro state .  officials estimate that nine people remain buried .  in the state of minas gerais , at least 15 people have died amid heavy rai .
 lazio up to second after inter draw at genoa <sec> inter milan drop to fourth in serie a after a 1-1 draw with struggling genoa .  lazio 's 1-0 win at sampdoria leaves them on 36 points , eight behind leaders juventus .  fiorentina up to third after comfortable 3-0 at palermo ; roma beat ac milan 4-2 at stadio olimpic .
 fbi warning of haiti earthquake scams <sec> to help haiti earthquake victims , check out charities at impact your world .  fbi says do n't click on links or files in unsolicited donation request e-mails .  do not ever donate cash ; do n't give your credit card info to people phoning for donations .  ask if charity is registered and what percentage of money goes to victim .
 opinion : do n't fire sebelius ; just fix the healthcare.gov mess <sec> many republicans want obama to fire kathleen sebelius over website dysfunction .  john kimberly : the issue is not her future , it 's what needs to be done to fix the mess .  he asks : is short-term boost in polls for obama worth firing a cabinet member ? .  kimberly : we are seeing political hardball and grandstanding on steroid .
 president obama and climate change : 5 things i learned <sec> `` no challenge poses more of a public threat than climate change , '' the president says .  he credits the clean air act with making americans `` a lot '' healthie .
 race and fashion : still an issue ? <sec> how far has fashion industry tackled racism since vogue italia `` all black '' issue ? .  young black model and editor of black women 's magazine have different views .  but both agree that the future is only going to be more divers .
