 groom prime suspect in young bride 's stabbing death <sec> estrella carrera and arnoldo jimenez were married last friday .  two days later , she was found stabbed to death in her bathtub .  she was still wearing the cocktail dress she wore at her reception .  police are searching for jimenez , the prime suspec .
 7 feared dead after israeli helicopter crashes in romania <sec> the crash occurred during a joint exercise , defense ministry says .  wreckage of the helicopter has been located .  fog preventing authorities from reaching remote crash site .  1 romanian service member and 6 israelis were on boar .
 jury recommends 26 years in prison for former virginia lacrosse player <sec> a judge will schedule a sentencing hearing for george huguely on april 16 .  a jury recommended huguely be sentenced to 26 years in prison .  the jury convicted huguely , 24 , in the death of his ex-girlfriend , yeardley lov .
 '1,000 things ' you need to know about <sec> critics offering mega-lists of albums , films , other things to know about .  critic tom moon on his `` 1,000 recordings '' : `` it 's someone saying , 'this is cool ' `` .  moon says he 's not providing be-all and end-all : `` these are starting points .
 xi jinping to add 'chili pepper ' to china 's anti-corruption drive <sec> chinese president xi jinping is intensifying his heralded anti-corruption drive .  now military officials are coming under increasing scrutiny .  scalps reportedly include a former vice-chairman of the central military commission .  he would be the highest-ranking military officer to be detained under suspicion of corruptio .
 asteroid 's moon seen during earth flyby <sec> the asteroid was its closest on monday morning , but the best viewing was monday night .  asteroid 2004 bl86 passed within 750,000 miles of earth .  nasa photos released monday show small moon orbiting the asteroi .
 joe mcginniss , author of 'fatal vision , ' dead at 71 <sec> mcginniss wrote `` fatal vision , '' `` the selling of the president 1968 '' .  `` fatal vision '' chronicled the murder case of green beret doctor jeffrey macdonald .  `` selling of the president '' charted richard nixon 's presidential ru .
 pentagon plans troops to target roadside afghanistan bombs <sec> defense secretary finds not enough forces in afghanistan to protect u.s. troops .  plan could send nearly 3,000 troops , source says .  congressional democrats have spoken against troop increases .  troops killed by roadside bombs up more than 400 percent in 2 year .
 pilot concerned about landing asiana jet before crash <sec> pilot noted that airport navigation system was n't working .  comments from pilots revealed by crash investigators at hearing .  trainee pilot was flying the boeing 777 with an instructor beside him .  investigators focus on concern that pilot relied too much on automated system .
 bomb may have flown on passenger planes <sec> new : the tsa administrator says security procedures will evolve based on latest intelligence .  yemeni student and her mother are released .  suspected al qaeda bomber hassan al-asiri is connected to the plot , an official says .  investigators see him as a link between friday 's devices and the 2009 underwear bom .
 america 's cup : what makes a sporting comeback great ? <sec> oracle team usa fight back from an 8-1 deficit to defend sailing 's america 's cup .  the team modified its boat and juggling its 11-man crew on the way to victory .  team usa 's win over new zealand has been described as one of sport 's greatest comebacks .  but does it have all the ingredients of an all-time sporting comeback .
 teens accused in florida school bus beating appear in court <sec> an attack on a florida school bus leaves a 13-year-old boy with a broken arm .  three 15-year-olds accused of the attack appear in court on aggravated battery charges .  `` this is an extremely serious charge , '' judge says .  prosecutors say the punishments recommended for juveniles do n't match the crim .
 quiz : could you park a plane ? <sec> 1,300 aircraft pass through london 's heathrow airport every day .  aircraft marshals are responsible for getting planes into position .  have you got what it takes to be an aircraft marshal ? .  take our quiz and find ou .
 efforts underway to change the gop on same sex marriage <sec> gay conservatives are undertaking the most coordinated effort yet to change the gop 's position on same-sex marriage .  they are working to change the party 's platform to 'respect ... all families ' .  young conservatives are focusing on the early presidential nominating states .  the head of the iowa republican party said it 's going to be a tough sell for the rank and fil .
 mexican military vehicles crossed into u.s. , officials say <sec> the incursion was accidental , officials say .  there were no hostilities .  the soldiers were processed and returned to mexic .
 unemployed place their bets on casino jobs <sec> colorado will allow higher bets , expanded hours at state 's casinos .  casinos to operate 24 hours a day , must hire more workers to fill positions .  unemployed would-be dealer says that `` quitting is just not an option '' .  dealers will make $ 40,000 to $ 80,000 a year , depending on tip .
 mayweather v pacquiao : boxing 's $ 180,000 golden ticket <sec> tickets for mayweather v pacquiao on sale online for $ 180,000 .  majority of the 1,000 tickets for the general public snapped up within minutes .  the fight in las vegas on may 2 is one of the biggest in the sport 's histor .
 'he intended to kill them all , ' prosecutor in theater shooting says <sec> `` he 's not crazy one bit , '' says father whose son was killed in theater .  gunman made sure `` this act was carried out from start to finish , '' victim 's relative says .  james holmes `` did n't care who he killed , '' prosecutor says .  judge will rule friday on whether case can proceed to tria .
 army , marines give waivers to more felons <sec> recruits convicted of assault , drug possession , making terrorist threats allowed in .  rep. henry waxman : defense department has month to explain waivers .  army granted 511 felony waivers in 2007 ; marines granted 350 in 2007 .  army defended waivers , saying fewer recruits today meet their standard .
 official : tsvangirai believes fatal crash was deliberate <sec> new : morgan tsvangirai in botswana for medical treatment on saturday .  new : prime minister will return to zimbabwe on wednesday to attend wife 's funeral .  tsvangirai believes fatal car crash was deliberate , officials say .  head-on collision bound to raise suspicion of foul play , analysts sa .
 l.a. players win 4 nba all-star game starting spots <sec> fans select 2 lakers , 2 clippers as starters .  kobe bryant gets the most votes for the western conference .  dwight howard gets the most votes of all players .  the 2012 nba all-star game is february 26 in orland .
 michael schumacher 's purported medical files 'for sale ' <sec> new : german tabloid bild says it was offered the medical records but rejected them .  french hospital decided to sue for `` theft and breach of medical confidentiality '' .  michael schumacher 's manager says stolen files are being offered for sale as those of the driver 's .  injured ex-f1 racing driver was transferred to a swiss hospital to undergo rehabilitatio .
 evacuation order lifted for california mudslide area <sec> new : people in 500 homes in los angeles foothill areas can return .  mandatory evacuation issued as a precaution when heavy rains were predicted .  mudslides have damaged dozens of southern california house .
 militant group says it attacked kashmir police camp , killing 5 <sec> the hizbul mujahedeen militant group claims responsibility and warns of further attacks .  it is the first attack in srinagar in a few years , a cnn sister network reports .  tensions have grown in kashmir since the execution in india of a militant from the province .  kashmir has been the scene of separatist violence for year .
 google reader shutting down on july 1 <sec> google announces plans to shut down google reader .  company says service , created in 2005 , has been losing users .  tens of thousands have signed petitions asking google to keep reade .
 dad 's video of run-down barracks sparks military response <sec> video shows moldy , rusty building with paint chipping ; broken drain pipe .  picture : soldier in a sink to prevent 3 inches of sewage water from overflowing .  `` this is embarrassing . .  it 's disgusting , '' soldier 's father says .  army vice chief of staff gen. dick cody : `` there 's no excuse '' for condition .
 the unspoken 'if only ' in the death of phillip hughes <sec> australian cricketer phillip hughes died as a result of a freakish accident .  could it have been avoided ? .  only if we did n't encourage danger in sport .  risk creates captivating unscripted theater for fans and dollars for managers .  and allows elite sportsmen to negotiate the fragile line between invincibility and fallibilit .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> founded almost 60 years ago , ccc is now a multi-billion-dollar construction business .  mme talks to samer khoury on what impact the arab spring has had on ccc 's business .  plus , mme takes a closer look at dubai 's property market as buyers slowly come back i .
 there was second survivor from mexico massacre , officials say <sec> the second survivor is a migrant from honduras , officials say .  the only previously known survivor was from ecuador .  that survivor said someone else also had lived , the ecuadorian president said .  the bodies of 16 victims were returned to honduras on wednesday , mexico sai .
 obama and putin : from frosty to frozen <sec> putin 's annual press conference spikes tensions .  russian leader doubles down despite economic crunch .  obama under pressure at home to take harder lin .
 usain bolt leads jamaica to a world record as he rewrites history himself <sec> 4x100m team of carter , frater , blake and bolt post world record time of 36.85 secs .  usain bolt wins three gold medals for the second successive olympic games .  team usa second at 37.04 secs after bolt pulls away in the final leg of the race .  canada are disqualified after the race and the bronze medal is given to trinidad & tobag .
 courtney love is obsessed with missing plane <sec> love is fascinated with mh370 case .  she tweeted what she thought was a clue .  it has since been discounte .
 was cruz the show dog poisoned ? his owner thinks so <sec> sudden death of up-and-coming show dog puzzles owner , sparks talk of poisoning .  owner and handler suspect cruz , a samoyed , was poisoned .  the vet who examined the dog says tests were n't done , so we 'll never know .  activist decries the `` creepy '' world of dog show .
 poor and fat : the real class war <sec> lz granderson says it 's expensive to eat healthier food such as pricey organics .  he says the real class warfare is when bad food options put the poor on road to obesity .  granderson says poor states tend to be fatter with residents who live shorter lives .  why is n't it a political issue when we all feel result in higher health care costs ? .  he ask .
 human traffic : africa 's lost boys <sec> some of the world 's leading players have appeared at france 's montaigu youth tournament .  for the second year running unique team from africa -- foot solidaire -- is taking apart .  charity culture foot solidaire campaigns against trafficking of young players .  charity featured in recent documentary film soka afrik .
 the 13 states that still ban same-sex marriage <sec> rulings in favor of allowing same-sex marriage are under review in eight of the 13 states .  the u.s. supreme court could settle the issue for good when it rules this yea .
 demba ba debut double fires fa cup holders chelsea into fourth round <sec> demba ba double as fa cup holders chelsea win 5-1 at southampton .  ba 's old side newcastle shocked by second flight brighton .  robin van persie late equalizer for manchester united at west ham .  tottenham hotspur and manchester city ease throug .
 official : package at university mail room apparently sent by colorado suspect <sec> `` he got along well with everybody , '' a former grade-school classmate says .  letter inside package `` talked about shooting people , '' cbs news reports , citing sources .  school officials say the package was turned over to authorities within hours of delivery .  a woman shot in the head survives , thanks in part to a brain abnormalit .
 'horrorcore ' singer suspected in virginia killings <sec> 20-year-old rapper of `` horrorcore '' accused of virginia slayings .  little known underground music genre celebrates macabre killings .  tow-truck driver gave suspect a lift ; said he was `` stinkiest rascal i 've ever smelled '' .  defense lawyer said he 's unsure richard mccroskey `` gets the severity of everything .
 border patrol agent arrested on drug smuggling charges <sec> the u.s. border patrol agent was allegedly caught with marijuana .  the drugs were inside a border patrol truck .  two other border patrol agents discovered him and the drugs while patrolling the borde .
 9 amazing marriage proposals you wish you 'd thought of <sec> some go above and beyond to prove their love to significant others , everyone else .  zach braff stars in man 's proposal video .  follow cnn living on facebook and twitte .
 mcilroy prepares for pga tour return ... with a holiday <sec> u.s. open champion rory mcilroy returns to pga tour after a disappointing masters , .  instead of training , the 22-year-old went on a holiday with girlfriend caroline wozniacki .  mcilroy cuts down his schedule of events , saying he does n't want to burn out .  the northern irishman is feeling confident at quail hollow , where he won in 201 .
 on '60 minutes , ' obama rebukes cheney criticism <sec> dick cheney has drawn 'the wrong lesson from history , ' president said .  obama said his hardest decision so far is sending more troops to afghanistan .  he would n't accept resignation from treasury secretary geithner , obama said .  obama said he would n't endorse a 90 percent tax on bonuses , targeting just a fe .
 7-million-mile family shares travel secrets <sec> the disberger family of morton , illinois , has flown 7.5 million miles since 1990 .  five-member tribe offers tips on how they pulled off 243 family trips .  travel has opened their minds , widened their experience and bonded the .
 grave conditions reported as rebels capture northern mali <sec> new : a rebel spokesman says outside military intervention would be a `` disaster '' .  one of the armed groups wants to establish islamic law .  the rebels capitalized on the chaos created by a recent coup that overthrew the president .  mali , once a beacon of stability , is in the throes of crisi .
 amnesty seeks embargo against israel , palestinians <sec> amnesty international calls for u.n. arms embargo on israel and palestinians .  group says both sides used weapons from abroad to attack civilians in gaza conflict .  amnesty issues a 38-page report detailing `` evidence of war crimes '' by all parties .  amnesty said it found munitions fragments in school playgrounds , hospitals , home .
 zaha hadid 's sleuk rith institute re-imagines the meaning of memorial <sec> zaha hadid has designed a cambodian genocide memorial .  the sleuk rith institute will commemorate the 2 million cambodians killed by the khmer rouge regime .  the light-filled towers are a departure from the dark designs typically associated with genocide memorials .  hadid was inspired by cambodia 's `` citadel of women '' templ .
 cooling system at japan nuclear plant back working <sec> the outage is one of several recently .  other outages were blamed on rats .  the 2011 tsunami that hit fukushima daiichi plant causing a nuclear meltdow .
 gatlin beats olympic champion usain bolt by 0.01 seconds in rome <sec> justin gatlin beats olympic champion usain bolt in the 100m in rome .  american clocks 9.94 seconds while bolt finished 0.01 secs behind .  gatlin maintains his unbeaten record in this year 's diamond league .  bolt was making his first appearance this year after a hamstring injur .
 indonesia plane crash kills nearly 100 <sec> new : death toll climbs .  at least 15 people from the flight rescued , says major general .  the crash destroys four homes and kills two residents , says karas village leader .  indonesian military transport plane crashed into residential area in east jav .
 walking through ramallah and gaza , political differences become real <sec> john king is in mideast covering president obama 's visit .  it is king 's ninth visit in 25 years and change jumps out at him .  but discontent , threat of violence remain the sam .
 germany expels u.s. intel official at berlin embassy <sec> leading german officials openly express disgust over new spying allegations .  the finance minister calls alleged u.s. spying `` daft , '' says it makes him want to cry .  allegations of nsa spying trigger special prosecutors ' panel on foreign cyberspying .  the new allegations land on top of an investigation into nsa spying on chancellor merke .
 bergdahl , boko haram and benghazi <sec> newt gingrich says the problems with the bergdahl case are part of a larger pattern .  he links the nigerian terror group boko haram and deaths in benghazi to soldier 's release .  he calls the swap for five prisoners a surrender , not a negotiatio .
 rescuing pakistan 's flood survivors <sec> charities across the world are mobilizing aid for flood-ravaged pakistan .  many sites allow online donations in dollars , pounds and euros .  food , clean water and shelter are some of the most immediate need .
 jennifer lawrence 's amazingly awful christmas carol <sec> jennifer lawrence butchered christmas carols on david letterman 's show .  actress says she has a `` tone-deaf amy winehouse voice '' .  she proved it by singing `` have a holly jolly christmas .
 source : shelly sterling 'moving quickly ' to sell l.a. clippers <sec> donald sterling says he has helped nba become more diverse .  the longtime owner still fighting nba to keep his team .  shelly sterling has talked with steve ballmer , grant hill about possible separate bids .  source : nba commissioner adam silver is `` very much involved '' in proces .
 fear and uncertainty after government layoffs in puerto rico <sec> puerto rico announced last month thousands of government layoffs .  already more than 7,800 public employees were fired in march .  puerto rico , population 4 million , has 200,000 public employees .  california has 1 state employee for every 103 residents , puerto rico , 1 for every 2 .
 corinthians : craziest fans in the world ? <sec> the fifa club world cup is currently taking place in japan .  brazilian side corinthians will play england 's chelsea in sunday 's final .  fifa 's six confederation champions fight it out .  corinthians have bought with them tens of thousands of fan .
 chief of company behind toxic sludge spill in hungary arrested <sec> zoltan bakonyi accused of public endangerment , harming the environment .  official believes eighth victim found is body of missing person .  european union experts will investigate how badly the environment has been damaged .  the dam holding back more sludge is expected to collapse , a disaster official say .
 big parts coming off u.s. ship on reef <sec> funnel , mast of minesweeper removed .  u.s. navy sending ship from bahrain to replace uss guardian .  ship ran aground on philippine reef in januar .
 sailor so 'rich ' he forgot $ 100k yacht <sec> how do you 'forget ' a $ 100k boat ? .  quite easily it seems .  luxury boat left in swedish harbor for two years , keys on railing .  norwegian owner comes forward , thought he sold it years ag .
 clemente named new coach of cameroon <sec> former spain coach javier clemente will take charge of cameroon 's national team .  the 60-year-old will replace paul le guen when he signs a two-year contract next week .  cameroon lost all three matches at the 2010 world cup in south africa .  clemente returns to management after short stint at relegated real valladoli .
 let candidates debate one-on-one <sec> bob greene : presidential debates have tried all kinds of formats .  he suggests a debate between two candidates -- with no moderator .  voters would see how candidates deal with unpredictable situations , he say .
 what the next pope will face <sec> cardinal mccarrick : the world is waiting on the next pope in more ways than one .  mccarrick : the pope is n't just a spiritual leader , he is also a moral leader on a range of issues .  he says global poverty , malnutrition , threats to religious freedom , are important issues to tackle .  mccarrick : the starting point of picking the next pope must be the needs of the peopl .
