 police : no forced entry to building in jewel heist <sec> police say the thieves gained entry through the building 's communal elevator shaft .  police give no value of the amount taken in the heist in london 's jewelry district .  there 's no evidence of forced entry to the building , police sa .
 coach found not guilty in death of player <sec> jury found jason stinson not guilty of all charges in the death of max gilpin .  stinson , ex-coach at pleasure ridge park was charged with reckless homicide .  gilpin , 15 , collapsed during practice in august 2008 and died several days later .  gilpin 's death was determined to be related to heat exhaustion , authorities sai .
 the dos and don'ts of product design <sec> dick powell , a world-renowned designer is responsible for products including cordless kettle .  he has worked with household brands including panasonic , nestle and unilever .  in addition to running his own design firm , he is now a mentor on cnn 's blueprin .
 arkansas schools chief condemns anti-gay posts by school board member <sec> protesters demonstrate against man 's comments .  head of state department of education condemns posting .  board member 's father : `` i do n't know why he said it .
 voters approve same-sex marriage for the first time <sec> voters in maine and maryland approve same-sex marriage .  it 's the first time voters have approved same-sex marriage .  in the past , only judges or legislatures had approved it .  the votes show a dramatic shift in attitudes over the decade .
 the 12 most annoying types of facebookers <sec> facebook is a great tool -- and a reminder of why some people get on your nerves .  too many status updates read like navel-gazing diary entries , or worse , spam .  a dozen of the most annoying types of facebook users listed .  among them : bores , shameless self-promoters and people who send you quizze .
 world alzheimer 's report : reduce your dementia risk <sec> world alzheimer 's report : 44 million people worldwide are living with dementia .  that number is expected to nearly double by 2030 .  what 's good for your heart is good for your brain , scientists sa .
 syria mounting anti-polio campaign in wake of suspected outbreak <sec> u.n. official '' humanitarian efforts are `` severely insufficient '' in syria .  at least 20 cases of polio have been reported in eastern syria .  the last case of wild poliovirus in syria was reported in 1999 .  it primarily affects young childre .
 hagupit 's real lessons ( opinion ) <sec> typhoon hagupit is the strongest storm to hit philippines this year .  mong palatino : scenes of destruction are reminiscent of last year 's typhoon .  palatino : philippines is better prepared this yea .
 indonesia executes bali nightclub bombers <sec> new : bodies of two executed bombers return sunday to home village .  brothers , third man executed by firing squad at indonesian prison .  2002 bombings killed 202 , many of them australians vacationing in kuta .  hundreds of members of hardline muslim groups plan protes .
 fifa stand firm on 2022 qatar world cup compensation <sec> fifa says it is not liable for compensation if the 2022 world cup is staged in winter .  the event in qatar could be moved because of concerns over high temperatures .  the football federation of australia argues affected nations should be compensated .  australia says it wants compensation for losing a bid to host a summer even .
 how to talk to kids about racism <sec> teachers and parents do n't always know how to talk to young children about bias and bullying .  educators say it ca n't just be a conversation around martin luther king jr. day or other awareness holiday .
 why scandals do n't faze charlie sheen 's career <sec> charlie sheen is one of america 's highest-paid television actors .  sheen was arrested christmas day on second-degree assault , menacing charges .  denise richards filed a restraining order against sheen during their divorce in 200 .
 2008 marks deadliest year for u.s. troops in afghanistan <sec> cnn numbers : 112 americans killed this year , compared with 111 last year .  operation enduring freedom has killed 585 americans since 2001 .  numbers include those who died outside afghanistan as part of enduring freedo .
 commander : citizens , extra troops help 'crush ' al qaeda in iraq <sec> official : streets bustling , workers returning , markets `` back like gangbusters '' .  troop surge , citizens groups , mehdi army cease-fire all help security situation .  iranian weapons , fighters still posing problems in northeastern baghdad .  commander says more families will return when basic services fully restore .
 nadal wins at french open , then questions scheduling <sec> seven-time champion rafael nadal loses a set in paris for the second match in a row .  nadal will have to play on consecutive days after his second round match finished friday .  roger federer advanced in straight sets against frenchman julien benneteau .  serena williams continues to cruise , dropping two games against sorana cirste .
 sex and superheroines <sec> gender through comics was a massive open online course ( mooc ) taught in spring 2013 . .  it looked at how to explore gender-related questions through comic books . .  christina blanch says that gender is about men and women just as much as comic books are for both sexes . .  she argues the sexualized media standards can be attributed to the 'male gaze ' , which is the tendency of pop art to adapt to the heterosexual man 's point of view .
 'spectacular ' meteor shower wows stargazers <sec> geminid meteor shower peaked saturday night .  veteran stargazer : `` most spectacular i have ever witnessed '' .  annual event occurs when earth encounters debris from extinct come .
 daniele watts was out of line ( opinion ) <sec> actress daniele watts claimed racism after being detained by a police officer .  mark o'mara : in this case , officer was doing his job , and it 's watts who was out of line .  he says many incidents do give black people reason to be distrustful of cops .  o'mara : in general , law enforcement can do better in addressing racial bia .
 pet treats recalled in salmonella outbreak <sec> petsmart is recalling seven of its grreat choice dog biscuit products .  risk to animals is minimal , but it could affect people who handle treats .  outbreak of salmonella has sickened at least 486 people and killed si .
 in ebola fight , cuba flexes medical diplomacy <sec> nearly 100 additional cuban health workers heading to west africa .  cuba is one of the biggest contributors to the ebola fight there .  medical diplomacy has long been a tool of the cuban government .  cuba has even offered to cooperate with the united state .
 hepatitis a warning issued after christmas communion on long island <sec> hundreds of people might have been exposed to hepatitis a on christmas day .  vaccines offered to attendees at our lady of lourdes church in massapequa park .  one member of clergy involved with communion process is infected .  symptoms of hepatitis a include fever , fatigue , poor appetite , nausea , stomach pai .
 singer 's mission : help restore the souls of former sex slaves <sec> christian music singer natalie grant has won female vocalist of the year four times .  after watching a fictional tv drama on human trafficking , she decided to investigate the issue .  she visited india and decided to start the home foundation charity .  the non-profit wants to build homes so former sex slaves in u.s. can have a place of healin .
 with march madness , 'jimmermania ' may reach fever pitch <sec> byu guard jimmer fredette is leading the nation in scoring and youtube highlights .  `` he 's one of those guys you expect the ball to go in ( when he shoots ) , '' announcer says .  despite all the hoopla surrounding fredette , scouts remain torn on his pro potentia .
 36 killed in stampede at indian rail station near huge hindu festival <sec> new : in addition to the dead , over 30 were hurt in allahabad , a railway spokesman says .  the rail station stampede mars the world 's largest religious festival .  an estimated 40 million hindu pilgrims came to bathe in the ganges river .  india 's prime minister says he 's `` deeply shocked '' by the death .
 report : u.s. should 'marginalize religious extremists , not religion ' <sec> chicago council on global affairs issues two-year study on religion , foreign policy .  report : u.s. government tends to view religion through the lens of counterterrorism .  it says major challenge for u.s. is to understand powerful role of religion in other societies .  report specifically points out negative relations with the muslim worl .
 teen convicted in steubenville rape released <sec> ma'lik richmond was one of two students convicted of raping a 16-year-old .  richmond was sentenced last year to minimum of one year in a juvenile facility .  he was credited for time served before his tria .
 shell oil president : to cut price , produce more gasoline in u.s . <sec> u.s. should produce 2 million to 3 million more barrels a day , says john hofmeister .  plenty of oil waiting to be drilled by unconventional means , he says .  shell 's $ 7.8 billion profit not excessive , company president says .  executive says he ca n't predict how high price of oil will g .
 man arrested after allegedly threatening to kill george w. bush <sec> benjamin smith is arrested .  complaint says smith professed a love interest in one of bush 's daughters .  smith screamed `` bush will get his '' during his arrest , authorities sa .
 do you live near a nuclear power plant ? study will assess cancer risks <sec> nrc is pushing forward with the study because an oft-cited 1990 study is dated .  seven nuclear facilities from connecticut to california will be involved in the pilot study .  researchers would n't expect any increased cancer risks for nearby residents , nrc say .
 petrino fired as arkansas head football coach <sec> new : `` the simplest response i have is : i 'm sorry , '' petrino says in statement .  petrino `` knowingly misled the athletics department and the university , '' ad says .  he calls petrino 's behavior `` reckless and unacceptable '' .  petrino had been placed on paid administrative leave last wee .
 marriage is not antidote to poverty <sec> stephanie coontz : chorus of conservatives says marriage , high school diploma fight poverty .  she says that misleads : 70 % in poverty have diploma ; there is a scarcity of breadwinning men .  she says divorce often leaves women worse off than if they 'd stayed single , pursued college .  coontz : historically , government investment in safety net , job creation , education cuts povert .
 antique gun , bullets taken from charlie sheen 's home after search <sec> new : police find , confiscate an antique gun and bullets from sheen 's home .  `` the lapd were awesome , '' sheen says on his twitter account .  a temporary retraining order was filed against sheen this month .  his estranged wife says he threatened to kill her last mont .
 ponting reprimanded for tv dressing room incident <sec> ricky ponting reprimanded by the icc for damaging dressing room television .  australian captain reacted angrily after being run out during match against zimbabwe .  pakistan beat kenya by 205 runs in their group a opener in sri lank .
 what 's with this weather ? hot is cold and cold is hot <sec> an alaskan ski resort gets rain instead of snow .  large parts of the u.s. are 15 to 25 degrees below normal .  the national weather service says this is n't `` that unusual '' .  frost and freeze advisories stretch to south florid .
 united by fate : the story of libya 's rebel national soccer team <sec> cnn travels with the libyan national soccer team to zambia .  the team 's campaign to qualify for the africa cup of nations coincided with libya 's civil war .  several of the players had fought on the front line for the rebels .  the africa cup of nations is one of the biggest tournaments in world footbal .
 electrified coral sparks new life for reef <sec> coral reefs in indonesia are being regrown on electrically powered steel frames .  the technology , known as biorock , has helped maintain delicate marine ecosystems .  biorock could soon be powered by renewable energy sources such as wave and solar powe .
 postcard : why berlin , america are kindred spirits <sec> few cities ' recent history has been more influenced by the u.s. than berlin .  while berliners have a lot to thank u.s. for , that does n't mean they like u.s. policies .  american policies will not divert berlin from charting course of europ .
 euthanasia : hope you never need it , but be glad the option is there <sec> belgian mps may allow terminally ill children and those with dementia access to euthanasia .  pro-euthanasia advocate dr. philip nitschke says debate must avoid moral panic , dogma .  nitschke : if a patient 's suffering can not be relieved , what should the state do ? .  `` i hope no one i love will ever need to use such laws , but draw comfort from them .
 airstrikes pound isis ; blasts kill 30 children in syria <sec> bomb blasts kill 39 people , including 30 schoolchildren , u.n. chief says .  u.n. chief condemns attack as an `` act of utmost depravity '' .  coalition is at an important moment , john r. allen , retired general , says .  turkey deploys troops along its border with syria as lawmakers consider interventio .
 unicef 'deeply concerned ' about marriage of 8-year-old <sec> unicef : marriage of a child is a violation of that child 's rights .  judge said girl could petition `` once she reaches puberty , '' relative tells cnn .  girl 's father arranged her marriage to a 47-year-old to settle debts , lawyer says .  girl 's mother says she will continue to seek daughter 's divorc .
 zimbabwe introduces $ 100 billion banknotes <sec> new bills officially come into circulation monday .  bills are n't enough to buy a loaf of bread . .  they can only buy four oranges .  gideon gono : notes for `` convenience of the banking public and corporate sector '' .  the new note is equal to just one u.s. dolla .
 sebastian vettel : 'i hate the word domination ' <sec> sebastian vettel has won the formula one title four years in succession .  red bull driver has triumphed in each of the past seven races .  german says he hates the word 'domination ' despite success .  christian horner pays tribute to his star drive .
 egypt 's army is failing to build consensus for democracy <sec> khairi abaza : gadhafi 's death has resonated in arab spring countries like egypt , tunisia .  he says egypt 's transition to democracy has been rough ; how libya proceeds matters .  he says egypt 's military rulers are n't managing factions in transition ; this is n't encouraging .  abaza : army must make political framework that ensures majority rule , backs minorities ' right .
 'desperate housewives ' series finale : how it all ended <sec> `` desperate housewives '' two-hour series finale aired on sunday .  bree ( cross ) was on trial for allegedly killing gaby 's abusive stepfather .  susan ( hatcher ) would be the first one to leave wisteria lane so she could help daughter raise her bab .
 four civilians killed as yemen battles al qaeda <sec> four civilians -- part of the powerful awaliq tribe -- die in shelling in yemen .  tribal leaders blame yemeni government forces .  the yemeni military says it was the work of terrorist .
 jerry o'connell : i 'm sorry , too <sec> actors such as jerry o'connell are parodying shia labeouf 's apology exhibit .  o'connell opened his own show next door to labeouf 's .  actor emile hirsch has also poked fun at the star .  o'connell : `` everyone 's talking about it ... it 's hilarious .
 man held after mailing hiv-tainted blood to obama <sec> affidavit : hiv-positive man `` cut one of his fingers ... so he could bleed on the letter '' .  the note , mailed with orange powder , was sent to obama at an illinois state building .  investigators think another letter , to `` emanuel , '' was intended for obama aide .  judge ordered mental evaluation of man , citing his history of instabilit .
 here comes ouya , the $ 99 gaming console <sec> ouya is a $ 99 gaming console that will require all games be offered for free .  the console , which runs on google 's android system , raised $ 8.6 million on kickstarter .  founder julie uhrman says she wants gaming on tv to be social , fun again .  kickstarter backers get ouyas late this month ; it 's on sale to everyone in jun .
 high court allows siegelman , scrushy corruption convictions to stand <sec> ex-alabama gov . .  siegelman and healthsouth founder scrushy sought exoneration .  the supreme court in an unsigned order lets their convictions stand .  scrushy made $ 500,000 in campaign donations and got a post on a state boar .
 chris christie to meet with david cameron on u.k. trip - cnnpolitics.com <sec> gov . .  chris christie travels to the united kingdom this week .  potential presidential candidate is set to meet with prime minister david camero .
 5 ways to outsource your kids ' summer <sec> all the parental drudgery that summer brings can lead to badly planned activities and burnout .  parent concierge services can cost between $ 20- $ 50 an hour in many parts of the country .  `` be comfortable asking for help , '' said tiffany ellis , founder of mama ellis concierge .  there are more than 12,000 camps in the u.s. ; an expert can help you choose on .
 all-female jury to try zimmerman <sec> an all-female jury will hear the zimmerman murder case .  opening statements are set for monday morning .  zimmerman is charged with killing trayvon martin in february 2012 .  zimmerman says he shot martin in self-defense ; prosecutors say he profiled the tee .
 army investigators : no foul play suspected in captain 's death <sec> army investigators say captain who collapsed during video chat was not shot .  foul play not suspected in capt . .  bruce kevin clark 's death , army says .  clark 's wife says she spotted a bullet hole in a closet behind her husban .
 report : two confess to helping 63 inmates escape in yemen <sec> interior ministry official : 63 members of al qaeda escaped last week , according to saba .  state media : a prison warden and guards are suspended and being questioned .  an opposition bloc spokesman says he thinks ruling family loyalists are responsible .  he says he thinks the government would create chaos to stay in powe .
 cnn student news transcript : november 9 , 2010 <sec> examine the debate over india with regard to the u.n. security council .  see why cholera is becoming more widespread in haiti 's capital .  learn how dolphins are helping veterans deal with postwar stress .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 olympic memories : blood in the water <sec> hungary and the soviet union had been invovled in real battles in budapest .  the match was a chance for hungary 's players to strike at their opposers .  hungary led 4-0 and were awarded victor .
 man shot , killed at wiz khalifa concert in california <sec> rapper wiz khalifa performs in mountain view , california .  a man is fatally shot at the concert , police says .  authorities are still trying to track down the shooter .  the rapper tweets : `` this was a senseless tragedy . .  violence is never the answer .
 wizards ' gilbert arenas charged with felony gun violation <sec> arenas charged with one count of carrying pistol without a license in locker room incident .  it is unclear when arenas , who has been suspended from nba , will be arraigned on charge .  arenas has described incident as `` misguided effort to play a joke on a teammate '' .  arenas said he told authorities that he stored guns in locker to keep them away from his kid .
 malaysia airlines : crash site in ukraine goes neglected as bodies decompose <sec> bodies , wreckage are scattered over eastern ukraine countryside .  some are starting to decompose in the heat .  heavily armed pro-russia militants control the crash sit .
 review : justin bieber 's 'believe ' works surprisingly well <sec> it 's the rare album that tries to be everything to everyone and largely succeeds .  like his mentor usher , bieber fully embraces both ibiza beats and urban swagger .  bieber makes up for reduced range with more confidenc .
 michael jackson 's forgotten music out in november <sec> dozens of jackson songs were found on hard drives after his death .  jackie jackson has been helping with his brother 's next album .  songs that did n't make it onto early albums may be on the next on .
 hillary clinton unveils 'blueprint ' to combat aids <sec> the announcement comes amid significant gains in fighting the virus .  aids-related deaths have dropped more than 25 % over the last six years , u.n. says .  about 1.1 million people in the u.s. live with hiv , the cdc says .  roughly 50,000 people contract the virus each yea .
 world finds unique ways to mark 9/11 anniversary <sec> remember `` why we fight , '' a member of the u.s. air force in afghanistan says .  the pope prays for victims and calls on world leaders to reject violence .  firefighters hold a moment of silence at the top of sydney tower .  residents of a filipino village bring flowers in memory of a 9/11 victi .
