 u.s. open champion simpson to skip british open ; mickelson improves with 64 <sec> u.s. open champion webb simpson out of british open .  simpson 's wife in due to give birth later this month .  phil mickelson shoots eight-under-par 64 at scottish open .  alexander noren and francesco molinari joint leaders at castle stuar .
 u.n. withdraws some staffers as violence rages in syria <sec> new : mortars fell near a damascus hotel where u.n. staffers are housed .  new : an opposition delegation is headed to an arab league meeting .  free syrian army chief riad al-asaad is recovering in turkey , a spokesman says .  al-asaad recently defended the al-nusra front and slammed an opposition allianc .
 napoli upset juve to win italian cup <sec> napoli beat juventus 2-0 win win italian cup for first time since 1987 .  edinson cavani and marek hamsik score second-half goals to seal the win .  alessandro del piero ends 19-year juventus career with defeat .  in france , montpellier wins title for first time , leaving psg secon .
 plea deals reached in japanese auto parts conspiracy <sec> justice department announces plea deals and new fines in ongoing investigation .  price fixing on parts sold to detroit automakers , u.s. subsidiaries of japanese car companies .  consumers paid more for vehicles due to price fixing on parts , the justice department sai .
 pakistani journalist hamid mir 'threatened ' before attack <sec> pakistani tv news anchor vows to investigate attempt on his life .  hamid mir is recovering in hospital after being wounded by gunmen in karachi .  pakistan 's military is pushing to shut down his employer , broadcaster geo news .  mir believes pakistan 's spy agency may have targeted hi .
 oklahoma seeks source of deadly e. coli <sec> 1 person dead , 116 ill in northeastern part of the state .  focus of investigation is restaurant in locust grove , oklahoma .  officials say this form of e. coli is `` not normally found in this form of outbreak '' .  officials say outbreak appears to be abatin .
 late ronaldo winner keeps real in la liga title hunt <sec> cristiano ronaldo scores twice including a late headed winner for real madrid .  the 3-2 win lifts real to within a point of leaders barcelona in la liga .  sevilla beat atletico madrid 3-1 to boost champions league hopes .  valencis consolidate third place with 2-0 win over espanyo .
 braeden on 'y & r ' exit : 'it 's outrageous ' <sec> eric braeden opted to leave the daytime soap instead of taking a pay cut .  the actor said he 'd taken a pay cut two years ago when renewing his contract .  braeden : `` there 's no appreciation that i 've been an important part of the show '' .  braeden 's last episode will air november .
 croatia crush england euro dreams <sec> england fail to make euro 2008 finals after 3-2 loss to croatia at wembley .  russia qualified as group runners-up after their slender 1-0 victory in andorra .  england 's failure cost steve mcclaren his job as manage .
 obama takes oregon ; clinton wins kentucky <sec> obama captures majority of pledged delegates .  obama : `` most important part of our journey still lies ahead '' .  clinton wins kentucky across all age , education , income groups , polls show .  clinton voters in kentucky more likely to back mccain than obama , polls sho .
 the man who taped baseball 's 'shot heard 'round the world ' <sec> bobby thomson , who hit one of baseball 's most memorable home runs , died this week at 86 .  russ hodges ' call , `` the giants win the pennant ! '' .  is part of baseball legend .  larry goldberg of brooklyn captured the only known recording at the time of the call .  his son , a cnn.com producer , remembers his late father 's story of how the recording was mad .
 sandra bullock to talk about new orleans on 'today ' <sec> sandra bullock will talk to matt lauer on tuesday morning 's today show .  lauer will visit the actress in new orleans .  bullock 's giving the interview to help to publicize warren easton charter high schoo .
 obama shops for christmas on 'small business saturday ' <sec> `` looks like a sad book , '' malia obama jokes to her father as they shop for gifts .  the book : `` the stranger : barack obama in the white house '' .  the president and his daughters visit a dc bookstore on `` small business saturday '' .  the white house releases a list of books they bought -- `` the stranger '' was n't among the .
 football fan shot for 'singing too much ' <sec> england supporter shot in the leg in a bar in kyrgyzstan by an angry local .  the local was upset by the chanting of the man and his fellow supporters .  the british foreign office says the attack took place in bishek on tuesday .  england will play neighboring kazakhstan in world cup qualifier on saturda .
 'moms helping moms ' provide for their babies <sec> moms helping moms was born when bridget cutler met moms in need in her community .  the nonprofit got its start when cutler held a garage sale in which all items were free .  since 2011 , it has distributed diapers , clothes , nursing supplies and other baby gear .  donated new or gently used items go to homeless moms , teen moms and families in nee .
 isis : british connection to the beheadings ( opinion ) <sec> isis executioner , tall man with london accent , has beheaded a third man , a uk aid worker .  peter bergen says british officials believe they know the identity of the killer .  a uk estimate puts the number of westerners fighting in syria at more than 2,600 .  bergen : uk officials not releasing the name of the killer `` for operational reasons .
 obama warns russia of further costs if it continues ukraine meddling <sec> new : state media : russia 's ambassador will attend poroshenko 's inauguration .  obama says putin has a chance to `` get back into a lane of international law '' .  g7 leaders warn russia they are ready to impose more sanctions over ukraine .  russia 's putin and ukraine 's new president-elect do not rule out meeting in franc .
 the biggest , buzziest movies of 2013 <sec> the new year brings with it a host of eagerly awaited films .  they range from comic book adaptations to reboots .  movies include `` iron man 3 , '' `` carrie '' and the second installment of `` the hobbit .
 matthew weiner reveals peggy 's fate on 'mad men ' <sec> the exit of peggy olson on `` mad men '' left fans wondering .  creator matthew weiner makes clear that peggy still has a future on the series .  he declined to illuminate how much moss will be appearing in the show 's sixth seaso .
 time to say au revoir to hair relaxers ? <sec> natural hair movement nappys de babi is growing in ivory coast .  though trendy on the street , offices still discourage natural hair .  some start relaxing their hair as young as .
 mexico aims to make baja safer for u.s. tourists <sec> task force will be made up of bilingual officers ; primarily will serve americans .  initial plan is to create a force that patrols a 50-mile tourist corridor of baja .  region 's reputation has been tarnished by ongoing , drug-fueled violence .  $ 13 billion travel industry is critical part of mexico 's econom .
 northern california couple indicted in jaycee dugard case <sec> new : the husband and wife showed little emotion in court .  phillip and nancy garrido are accused of holding dugard captive for nearly 20 years .  they were indicted on 18 counts , including kidnapping and rape .  the next hearing is scheduled for november .
 2 teens saved in dramatic cliff rescue <sec> the boys , 16 and 17 , were hoisted off the cliff in the sierra buttes in california .  they had stranded themselves atop a windy , 8,600-foot-high clif .
 republicans , be smart about defense cuts <sec> julian zelizer : a massive political fight over defense spending is about to take place .  zelizer : republicans are trying to figure out what their position should be after election loss .  he says in decades past , the gop was not an advocate for expansion of military spending .  zelizer : republicans must have real discussions and not go along with the hawkish voice .
 rory mcilroy wins race to dubai for second time <sec> brooks koepka wins turkish open title .  holds off ian poulter by a shot at antalya .  rory mcilroy confirmed as winner of race to dubai .  mcilroy 's main challengers needed to win in turkey to prolong rac .
 filipinos ' standoff in borneo linked to peace deal with muslim rebels <sec> more than 100 filipinos arrived by boat on the malaysian coast last week .  they say they represent a sultanate that once ruled the area .  the move seems to be a response to a recent peace deal in the philippines .  the leaders of the sultanate appear to have felt left out of the accord , an expert say .
 american citizen in mexican custody on arms-trafficking allegation <sec> mexican authorities say firearms and grenades were told to cartel members .  weapons parts were bought in the united states and smuggled , authorities say .  in mexico , weapons were assembled and sold .  an american citizen is in mexican custody in connection with the alleged smugglin .
 one family grieves , another rejoices after tragic identity mix-up <sec> the identities of two women in a deadly car wreck were mixed up .  19-year-old abby guerra 's family was told she was dead .  family of marlena cantu kept watch at what they thought was their daughter 's bedside .  hospital and public safety officials apologized for the mix-up monda .
 using the xbox to study locust swarms <sec> researcher uses xbox and computer vision to study swarming behavior .  princeton researcher iain couzin long has been fascinated with collective behavior .  he studies , among other things , why locusts swarm in west africa .  the un 's agriculture group says swarms are impacting mali and nige .
 christians from political left and right sign 'civility covenant ' <sec> jim wallis , chuck colson release a document calling for civil political discourse .  `` civility covenant '' is result of conversations with politicians , christian leaders say .  document has 114 signatories from across christian tradition .
 u2 frontman bono hitches a ride with nhl player , honors team at gig <sec> new : gilbert brule says it 's `` insane '' that bono said he wanted to be the hockey player .  bono tells a concert crowd he was picked up while hitchhiking in vancouver .  brule , an edmonton oiler , and his girlfriend gave the u2 singer a ride .  bono says : `` i like ice hockey , because ( players ) are the kind of people who pick up hitchhikers .
 va under scrutiny after legionnaires ' cases in pittsburgh <sec> 29 cases of legionnaires ' disease have been diagnosed at pittsburgh va since january 2011 .  at least 5 of the cases were acquired from the hospital .  relatives of two veterans who died after contracting the disease blame the va .  records indicate the hospital 's water systems were not properly maintaine .
 u.s. open : caroline wozniacki reaches final after stricken peng retires <sec> caroline wozniacki faces serena williams in the u.s. open final .  wozniacki advances in dramatic fashion after her opponent retired .  china 's peng shuai had to be taken off center court in a wheelchair .  world no . .  1 williams crushed russia 's ekaterina makarova in an hou .
 will egypt follow tunisia 's lead ? <sec> analysts : egypt is a different story from tunisia .  analyst : tunisia 'a little bit unique ' .  time writer says egypt `` not ready '' for revolution .  protesters believe cairo demonstrations can help trigger chang .
 review : 'new year 's eve ' is dunderheaded kitsch <sec> the movie , like last year 's `` valentine 's day , '' was written by katherine fugate .  i often found myself laughing at in ridicule , and one that also gave me a lump in the throat .  it 's the kind of marzipan movie that can sweetly soak up a holiday evenin .
 poll : gop candidates top obama in hypothetical 2012 race <sec> former arkansas gov . .  mike huckabee is the favorite for the gop 2012 presidential nomination .  former massachusetts gov . .  mitt romney is a close second .  nearly three-quarters of democrats say they want to see the party renominate barack obama in 201 .
 jared leto is joker , will smith is deadshot in 'suicide squad ' <sec> long-rumored cast for comic book film 'suicide squad ' confirmed .  jared leto will play the joker , will smith cast as antihero deadshot .  margot robbie will portray fan favorite harley quin .
 taking time out in happening tel aviv <sec> tel aviv is israel 's hippest young city .  home to world-class theater , music and contemporary art .  `` white city '' area declared a unesco world heritage site for bauhaus architecture .  party-loving , tolerant atmosphere attracting more and more visitor .
 obama drops in on massachusetts agency battling floods <sec> obama met with massachusetts gov . .  deval patrick , local officials and workers .  at fundraisers , president thanked government workers involved in the flood relief effort .  homeland security secretary janet napolitano will visit rhode island on frida .
 pakistani taliban target female students with acid attack <sec> two girls are left with severe burns to their faces after an acid attack on a college van .  the pakistani taliban say any girl seeking an education will be targeted in the same way .  a boy is also shot in the attack by `` extremists , '' a local official says .  acid attacks have been used in pakistan to punish women for alleged dishono .
 city council votes to strip embattled toronto mayor of some powers <sec> new : toronto mayor 's brother talks to cnn .  mayor rob ford loses emergency power , right to appoint committee chairs .  city solicitor : council delegated those powers and council can take them away .  ford apologizes for lewd remark about oral sex on live canadian televisio .
 country stars perform for disaster relief <sec> country stars to perform in benefit concert for tornado and flood victims .  all money raised will go to the red cross disaster relief fund .  hln will re-air the concert along with a benefit special sunday nigh .
 do n't lock up david gregory or deport piers morgan <sec> howard kurtz : emotion over gun control battle is trumping reason .  he says it makes no sense to arrest david gregory for possessing a high-capacity clip .  piers morgan is target of a deportation petition signed by 90,000 people .  kurtz says journalists should n't be threatened for doing their jo .
 box office : 'neighbors ' beats 'spider-man 2 ' with $ 51 million haul <sec> `` neighbors '' knocked `` spider-man 2 '' to second place .  `` moms ' night out '' earned $ 4.2 million .  james franco-starring `` palo alto '' opened in four theater .
 clive palmer 'sorry ' for china 'mongrel ' rant <sec> clive palmer called chinese people `` mongrels '' during an interview on australian television .  he said his words were aimed at the chinese company he is in dispute with and not chinese people .  in a letter to china 's australian ambassador he said he regretted `` any hurt or anguish '' cause .
 pirelli 'makes it rain ' for abu dhabi test <sec> pirelli has been testing its wet-weather tires for the 2011 season in abu dhabi .  the yas marina circuit was coated with water to simulate rainy conditions .  pedro de la rosa again drove a toyota formula one car for the two-night sessio .
 india 's burning issue with emissions from hindu funeral pyres <sec> in india , an estimated seven million hindus die each year ; many are traditionally cremated .  ngo : eight million tons of greehouse gasses emitted from hindu funeral pyres a year .  one group has designed a cremation system that burns less wood .  mokshda says its system reduces emissions by up to 60 .
 tom morello rages against anti-union bill at wisconsin rally <sec> outside of the capital , morello was joined by other musicians to protest .  `` i come from a coal-mining town in central illinois where everybody was union . '' .  in the capitol rotunda , morello grabbed a bullhorn and made a speec .
 cemetery denies spongebob monuments for slain army sergeant <sec> army sgt . .  kimberly walker , 28 , was enthralled by spongebob squarepants .  a cemetery official approved two massive spongebob monuments near her gravesite .  the cemetery now says the 6-foot-tall , 7,000-pound statues have to g .
 suicide attack kills 25 in eastern afghanistan <sec> new : 50 people were injured in the suicide attack , local officials say .  at least 25 were killed in the incident , the police chief says .  the district chief of dor baba was among those injured .  no claim of responsibility yet , but many such attacks come from the taliban , a report say .
 oscar pistorius trial : how will the defense fight back ? <sec> the defense will try to convince a judge that reeva steenkamp 's death was n't murder .  did oscar pistorius know his girlfriend was behind a door when he shot and killed her ? .  and if he did not , did he act as a reasonable person would have ? .  experts in ballistics , pathology and psychiatry expected to try to support pistorius ' stor .
 alonso claims monza victory for ferrari <sec> two-time world champion fernando alonso secures an emotional victory for ferrari .  the spaniard delights the monza crowd by taking checkered flag in italian gp .  world champion jenson button was second with felipe massa third in second ferrari .  mark webber finishes sixth but takes over championship lead after lewis hamilton crashe .
 sound pioneer ray dolby dies at 80 <sec> pioneer in surround sound , noise reduction dies at 80 .  ray dolby revolutionized audio recordings to make them clearer , crisper .  he founded dolby laboratories in 1965 .  dolby thought of himself as an adventurer firs .
 briton , new zealander found shot dead on libyan beach <sec> new : new zealand ministry says one of its citizens who was visiting libya was killed .  new : libya 's foreign ministry says the two victims were shot dead .  the two appeared to be having a picnic when they were killed , sabratha media center says .  the bodies were found in a remote area near a partially built resor .
 rand paul hires ted cruz 's digital guru - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rand paul 's team is adding digital strategist vincent harris to its political operation .  harris and his firm previously worked for ted cruz , a potential 2016 rival for pau .
 man who found skull in caylee case sent police tips months ago <sec> officials say worker who found child 's remains called in three tips in august .  authorities looking into whether earlier tips were mishandled .  casey anthony 's friend told police to check the area five months ago , wftv reports .  sheriff 's department says new skeletal remains found in search are .
 skin cancer is colorblind -- no 'free pass ' <sec> dermatologists report increased incidence of skin cancer among people of color .  minorities often believe pigmentation makes them immune to skin cancer .  more than 1 million new cases of skin cancer are estimated in 2009 .  every 62 minutes , one american dies of melanom .
 taliban : bin laden 's death reinvigorates war against u.s . <sec> new : taliban confirms that osama bin laden was killed by u.s. forces .  new : taliban says the terror leader has achieved martyrdom .  new : confirmation removes any question on whether his closest allies believe he is dead .  the taliban statement follows another one by al qaed .
 bloomberg appointed u.n. envoy for cities , climate change <sec> `` he 's starting right away , '' u.n. spokesman says .  the billionaire media mogul 's new salary : $ 1 per year .  bloomberg is to aid ban ki-moon in advancing efforts on climate chang .
 police : mel gibson was 'a gentleman ' after malibu crash <sec> gibson 's maserati hit a rocky hillside for `` unknown reasons , '' highway patrol says .  alcohol is not suspected in the wreck , it says .  gibson was unhur .
 nalbandian stuns federer in spain <sec> david nalbandian won madrid masters after beating top seed roger federer .  the argentine triumphed 1-6 6-3 6-3 against the swiss defending champion .  he became third man to beat world 's three top players en route to a titl .
 federer : i can beat djokovic anywhere <sec> six-time champion roger federer could face novak djokovic in wimbledon semifinals .  federer ended world no . .  2 's long unbeaten run at the french open two weeks ago .  swiss star had lost his previous two grand slam semis against the serbian .  the 16-time major winner says he can beat djokovic `` on any surface .
 opinion : how wendell pierce is remaking a slice of the big easy <sec> actor wendell pierce opens a new grocery store in new orleans neighborhood .  john bare says pierce 's approach involved steps to help create a real sense of place .  he says the grocery provides nutritious fare in a food desert , helps with transit .  bare : others around the nation are engaging in the art of `` placemaking .
 priscilla presley : enriching a final journey <sec> dream foundation grants wishes to terminally ill people 18 years and older .  most dreams are simple and involve spending quality time with family .  you can support the charity by donating time , cash or even airline mile .
