 google revamps search , tries to think more like a person <sec> google introduces knowledge graph , a revamped effort to make search more intuitive .  new tool divides search terms into most likely categories .  knowledge graph begins rolling out wednesday to users in the u.s .
 prince harry : new york trip has been 'fantastic ' <sec> prince harry visits a nonprofit that offers free programs and classes in harlem .  harry also takes part in the veuve clicquot manhattan polo classic .  on first visit to new york : `` fantastic . .  ... .  i 'm hopeful i 'll come back to visit again '' .  24-year-old plays down criticisms of past , says media `` stamps on '' false imag .
 house calls to the homeless <sec> dr. jim withers has been tending to medical needs of pittsburgh 's homeless for 20 years .  the average life expectancy for a homeless person is about 30 years less than average .  withers ' program has become a model for `` street doctors '' everywhere .  withers founded street medicine institute to bring care to the homeless around the worl .
 malawian boy uses wind to power hope , electrify village <sec> malawi had gone through one of its worst droughts seven years ago .  amid shortage william kamkwamba realized wind offered hope .  armed with a book the then-14-year-old taught himself to build windmills .  his windmills now generate electricity and pump water in his hometow .
 'i do n't know what i saw , ' videographer says of fireball <sec> video shot in austin , texas , shows meteor-like object in sky sunday morning .  fireball sightings , reports of sonic booms come days after satellite collision in space .  faa told u.s. pilots to watch for `` falling space debris .
 how boeing can bounce back from dreamliner problems <sec> boeing 's entire fleet of 787 dreamliners has been grounded over a battery fire risk .  grounding stalls the dreamliner programme , which has a backlog of about 800 orders .  murdo morrison says the grounding demonstrates the rigor of aviation regulation .  best case scenario is that the battery problem is isolated , morrison say .
 fbi : san francisco man had bomb-making materials in apartment <sec> new : fbi affidavit lists materials found his apartment that could be used to make a bomb .  ryan kelly chamberlain ii , 42 , was charged with possession of an illegal destructive device .  affiliates : chamberlain posted an apparent suicide note to friends on facebook .  the fbi is investigating the origin of the letter and is not calling it a suicide not .
 report : libyan aircraft crashes after troops refuse bombing orders <sec> pilot and co-pilot eject before the crash , newspaper reports .  the aircraft crashed 100 miles outside benghazi , newspaper report .
 olivia wilde reteams with garrett hedlund for 'tron 3 ' <sec> 3rd `` tron '' is coming together with `` tron : legacy '' stars returning .  olivia wilde and garrett hedlund will reprise their roles .  `` tron : legacy '' grossed $ 400 million worldwide , after the 1982 original gained fans onlin .
 jay leno 's farewell : his best punchlines <sec> jay leno 's 22-year run on `` the tonight show '' ended thursday .  o.j . .  simpson was the celebrity he joked about the most .  he often landed barbs about politicians , too .  former president bill clinton was the most frequent target of al .
 boy who killed neo-nazi dad to serve time in juvenile detention <sec> a boy , then 10 , fatally shot his father in 2011 as he was sleeping on a couch .  the father was a leader in the national socialist movement , a neo-nazi group .  the boy , now 13 , could remain at the juvenile facility until he is 2 .
 how to indulge in fair food without going overboard <sec> fair and festival-goers spend millions on concession food every year .  from fried oreos to `` super fries , '' the possibilities are endlessly fattening .  fair foods can be enjoyed in moderation , says dr. donald hensru .
 raul castro reportedly replaces two fidel loyalists with younger leaders <sec> cuban president raul castro replaces two longtime officials loyal to his brother fidel .  removed is jose ramon fernandez alvarez , who led military forces in winning bay of pigs .  also out is jose m. miyar barrueco , who was fidel castro 's personal secretar .
 obamacare to flesh-eating bacteria : top 2012 health stories <sec> the supreme court 's health care decision is chosen as the year 's top health story .  a georgia woman triumphs in her battle with flesh-eating bacteria .  celebrities and a congressman also made health news in 2012 .  outbreaks of meningitis , west nile virus and hantavarus are see .
 how a voice from a north korean gulag swayed human rights discourse <sec> shin dong-hyuk 's `` escape from camp 14 '' released in korean this month .  shin is only man known to have been born and escape from a north korean prison .  awareness raised on north korean human rights , says autho .
 grammy awards attracted 28.5 million <sec> cbs described it as `` second largest audience for the awards broadcast since 1993 '' .  grammys typically the second most popular awards show behind the academy awards .  network said there were 15 million tweets during eastern and central broadcas .
 china 's best olympic hopes in london <sec> china will be watching to see how london 's opening ceremony compares with beijing 's .  london olympics officially opens friday to a global audience of billions .  chinese fans will be paying close attention to several top sports stars .  china does n't expect to match the medal haul from the beijing games in 200 .
 the perry approach -- campaign first , have ideas later <sec> borger : traditionally presidents have run for office based on long-held beliefs .  she says candidates such as rick perry are running first , putting out plans later .  perry 's new tax plan seems like a gimmick designed to help him regain lead , she says .  borger : she says romney developed ideas before he started his campaig .
 surrogate mom strives for organic living <sec> tiffany burke is carrying twins for her brother and sister-in-law .  burke began striving for natural living while pregnant with her first child .  she 's a careful shopper , but sometimes gets caught off guar .
 crate expectations : shipping containers used for first 'pop-up ' shopping mall <sec> london 's `` boxpark '' shopping mall has been built from 60 shipping containers .  park 's founder says mall offers sustainable alternative to conventional retail outlets .  mall 's shops can relocate to another part of the country if business is slow .  recycled containers save `` embodied '' carbon cost linked to construction of new building .
 more than 100,000 want to go to mars and not return , project says <sec> anyone 18 or older may apply for a one-way trip to mars .  for first crew , the mars one mission reportedly will cost $ 6 billion .  no technology is available now that can protect astronauts from an excess of space radiatio .
 korean air nut scandal : arrest warrant sought <sec> heather cho ordered a plane back to the gate after a flight attendant served nuts in a bag .  she later apologized and resigned from her role as vice president with korean air .  now , prosecutors say they are seeking an arrest warrant ; decision expected next week .  prosecutors : the potential warrant would include charges of assault and coercio .
 opinion : chemical weapons are a nightmare for syrians <sec> syria 's assad regime is accused of using chemical weapons on civilians .  laurie garrett : sarin probably was deployed ; those who die from it suffer terribly .  she says sarin was developed in wwii era as a potent form of destruction .  garrett : it would be nightmare for syrians to experience toxic gas in a litany of despai .
 travelers ' guide to frosty london <sec> london buses , trains , airports operating after heaviest snowfall in 18 years .  cnn 's business traveller offers advice for business travellers in london .  indulge in a traditional pie and mash , stay dry by playing indoor golf , shopping .  if you 're planning on using the underground system , buy an oyster car .
 execution video shows afghan tribal justice still enforced <sec> a warlord condemned nawroz to death after he allegedly killed his lover 's husband .  the victim 's father shot him multiple times .  the execution was captured on a cell phone video .  without a strong court system , afghans have had to accept tribal justic .
 blizzard conditions could cripple mount hood hiker search <sec> `` this remains a search and rescue mission , '' clackamas county detective says .  white-out conditions are expected , weather service says .  avalanche conditions hamper search on oregon 's mount hood for two hikers .  third climber found dead over weeken .
 holder : leaks damaged u.s. security <sec> new : singapore airlines : britain requested that snowden not be permitted to board flight to uk .  holder said the leaks are under investigation .  edward snowden went public about the surveillance program sunday .  german leader angela merkel says she aims to talk about prism program with obam .
 record loss for manchester united despite landmark operating profit <sec> man utd 's owners make record loss of $ 137 million despite operating profit of $ 160 million .  glazer family 's debts incurred in buying english club in 2005 largely to blame .  the 18-time english champions ' turnover for year ended june 2010 was $ 455 million .  united 's wage bill is only 46 percent of turnover , the lowest ratio in premier leagu .
 defense in bulger trial goes after star prosecution witness <sec> stephen `` the rifleman '' flemmi was `` whitey '' bulger 's partner and henchman .  flemmi is now a star prosecution witness in bulger 's federal trial on murder and other charges .  bulger 's lawyer grills flemmi on killings , flemmi 's admission he molested his stepdaughter .  the stepdaughter subsequently was killed by bulger ; flemmi says he did nothin .
 apple ipad news to be announced this month , report says <sec> report says apple plans october 22 ipad event .  company could unveil an ipad mini with retina display and a thinner full-sized ipad .  apple holds press events in october to get new products out in time for the holiday .
 portia de rossi joins season 4 of 'scandal ' <sec> the actress will join season 4 .  ellen degeneres first announced the news on twitter .  the storyline is `` top secret .
 report suggests human rights fight is at a critical point in time <sec> amnesty international alleges human rights abuses in 157 countries and territories .  the wave of popular unrest in the middle east and north africa is seen as critical .  amnesty says technology has spurred democratization in authoritarian nations .  an expert warns that democratic movements may not all promote equal right .
 review : 'the woman in black ' <sec> `` the woman in black '' embraces the elements of gothic horror movies with pleasing seriousness .  it 's an old-fashioned , tastefully constrained supernatural thriller .  this tale of loss and vengeance is based on susan hill 's novel of the same nam .
 legendary photographer terry o'neill 's hollywood icons <sec> o'neill began his career at the daily sketch a picture paper in the 1960s .  photographed hollywood icons such as brigitte bardot and paul newman .  a collection of o'neill 's prints are on show at the national portrait gallery in londo .
 colorado beef company expands recall due to possible e. coli <sec> recall includes more than 420,000 pounds of meat from jbs swift beef co . .  usda spokesman brian mabry said no fatalities had been reported .  jbs agreed to expand its recall `` out of an abundance of caution , '' spokesman say .
 pro-clinton group uses palin to raise money - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sarah palin held up a ready for hillary magnet during her speech in iowa on saturday .  the pro-clinton super pac is now using that image to raise money for their efforts to urge clinton to run for president .  in an email to supporters on monday , the group offered car magnets similar to the one palin used during her speec .
 france ' ex first lady is back with a vengeance <sec> former french first lady publishes book about her relationship with francois hollande .  nobody comes out of the saga unscathed , writes commentator agnes poirier .  poirier : trierweiler herself comes out very badly by dishing the dirt in public .  greatest casualty is president hollande and his image , she add .
 photos : abe lincolns everywhere <sec> photographer t.j. kirkpatrick documented a convention of abraham lincoln lookalikes .  he traveled to mississippi for a meeting of the association of lincoln presenters .  view high-resolution photos of kirkpatrick 's lincoln presenters projec .
 bush urges congress to approve war funding before christmas <sec> dems have said they plan to hold bush 's request for war spending until next year .  $ 50 billion war spending bill passed the house but stalled last week in the senate .  bush called on congress to approve funds `` without strings and without delay '' .  pentagon says army will have to make major cutbacks if it does n't get the fund .
 the screening room gets animated at annecy <sec> the international animated film festival in annecy is the cannes of animation .  festival highlights the best in animation , from student work to studio shorts .  experts say the future of animation is on mobile device .
 'kiwi twin peaks ' novelist eleanor catton : youngest man booker winner <sec> new zealander eleanor catton , 28 , wins man booker prize for `` the luminaries '' .  the murder mystery is set on new zealand 's west coast during the 1860s gold rush .  catton is three years younger than the previous youngest winner .  at 832 pages , her book was also the longest novel to win the prestigious awar .
 3 men plead not guilty in charges spawned by ny 'cannibal cop ' probe <sec> an attorney for one defendant says , `` this was nothing more than his fantasy life '' .  another defense attorney says motions will be filed on first amendment grounds .  feds say the 3 exchanged messages about kidnapping , torturing and killing wome .
 hard-hit town searches , grieves in aftermath of killer tsunami <sec> the official death toll is 1,598 , though fears are it will rise much higher .  citing the prime minister , kyodo says over 15,000 have been rescued .  in minamisanriku , up to 9,500 people are unaccounted fo .
 romancing the dune in namibia <sec> the dunes at sossusvlei are said to be the world 's tallest .  they are believed to be 60 million to 80 million years old .  wind and water have built and shaped them .  sunrise , when the orange-red landscape emerges , is not to be misse .
 cowell struggles to fend off uncontrollable rage <sec> rage against the machine heading for uk christmas number-one .  1992 song `` killing in the name '' set to beat simon cowell 's latest protege .  paul mccartney says u.s. rock group chart success `` would be funny .
 htc gets playful with quirky re camera <sec> htc announces new handheld action camera .  the re is a small waterproof camera with just one button and no viewfinder .  like the popular gopro , the re is meant for capturing action shot .
 opinion : the great lensmen have left the building <sec> chicago sun-times fired its whole photography staff of 28 .  robb montgomery : paper was known for photojournalism , won pulitzer prize .  will use freelancers and smartphones , he says . .  digital images are n't up to print standards .  montgomery : but nothing can replace their guts , experience and quality of their wor .
 desperation up close in zimbabwe <sec> who : nearly 775 people have died in zimbabwe from cholera outbreak .  zimbabwe maintains that the situation is being exaggerated by the west .  the number of overall cholera cases is also on the rise , hitting 15,141 .  cholera outbreak is part of a larger humanitarian crisis in zimbabw .
 liverpool star suarez bites chelsea 's ivanovic <sec> liverpool 's luis suarez bites the arm of a chelsea opponent in sunday 's 2-2 draw .  referee does not see incident and striker goes on to score injury-time equalizer .  suarez is condemned by former liverpool players after `` indefensible '' act .  manchester city 's earlier defeat means manchester united can win title on monda .
 solar energy industry posts record growth , despite solyndra collapse <sec> solar energy is now a $ 6 billion industry .  its employment base grew 6.8 % the past year , to more than 100,000 jobs .  solyndra controversy an isolated affair , industry official sai .
 van der sloot sentenced to 28 years for peru murder <sec> with time served , joran van der sloot will be released in 2038 .  judges order van der sloot to pay about $ 74,500 in reparations .  he 's also ordered expelled from peru after completing his sentence .  van der sloot was visibly upset after the sentencin .
 newsquiz : week of april 22 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 bayern munich allow imprisoned player breno <sec> incarcerated player breno to work with bayern munich 's young players .  breno was sentenced to prison in july 2012 after burning down his own house .  the brazilian defender joined bayern from sao paulo in 2008 .  breno hopes to relaunch his player career when he is released from priso .
 obama , romney give dueling speeches on economy <sec> new : president obama says republican policies failed before and will fail again .  new : ask friends , business owners if obama 's policies worked , mitt romney says .  the contenders for president in november both speak in the battleground state of ohio .  a new poll indicates independent voters question both candidates ' policie .
 hagel orders review of military judicial authority <sec> defense secretary chuck hagel seeks examination of military justice in two areas .  hagel wants to know if punishments properly dispensed and if victims protected .  review prompted by congressional outrage over air force sex assault case .  officer found guilty at court-martial , but case overturned by senior commande .
 one of the last members of glenn miller orchestra is dead <sec> `` everybody was trying to survive '' during the depression , his stepson dick darnall says .  glenn miller offered the fellow trombonist a job after hearing him perform .  he left the band when miller joined the military and started a military band .  tanner 's work included the electro-theremin , featured on `` good vibrations .
 flooding brings chaos to philippine capital <sec> new : eleven people die from landslide , electrocution and drowning .  new : more than 780,000 people have been displaced , the government says .  manila got about 20 inches of rain tuesday , with more torrential downpours on the way .  the country has already been hit by flooding in recent week .
 gaza crisis : who 's who in hamas <sec> amid the gaza conflict , experts try to figure out who 's in charge .  movements like hamas are n't `` monoliths , '' one analyst says .  the military wing in gaza appears to be asserting its control .  the group 's political leader in qatar may have lost favor with ira .
 four north korean fishermen defect to south <sec> a boat with a crew of 31 crosses into south korean waters , the red cross says .  four of the fishermen decide to stay in the south .  the number of defections has risen dramatically in the past decad .
 act goes awry , human cannonball dies <sec> the incident occurred during scott may 's daredevil stunt show .  the british press association said a safety net failed during the stunt .  police have not released the victim 's nam .
 ac/dc 's malcolm young leaving band <sec> ac/dc founder malcolm young wo n't be returning , band says .  young has been suffering from an undisclosed illness .  his nephew , stevie young , will take over , band says .  group 's new album is due out in decembe .
 isinbayeva to take break from pole vault <sec> yelena isinbayeva has announced that she is taking a break from the pole vault .  the decision comes after her poor display at the world indoor championships last month .  the 27-year-old olympic champion insists she will return to the sport in due cours .
 world equestrian games : 5 top moments <sec> the fei games took place in normandy , france .  around 570,000 people visited the games .  double delight for dujardin .  dubbeldam does the busines .
 ending obamacare , avoiding gov't shutdown a juggling act for boehner <sec> republicans debate whether to link obamacare defunding to spending bill .  some conservatives push hard for a fall confrontation with with president obama .  other gop members warn it could backfire if budget skirmmish results in government shutdown .  house speaker john boehner walking fine line in meetings with gop caucu .
