 cold temperatures cause death , damage in south america <sec> an intense cold front continues in latin america .  at least 18 people died because of the cold in bolivia .  more dead are reported in paraguay and uruguay .  in peru , alpacas died because of the weathe .
 cnn.com users on what they would do if money were no object <sec> cnn.com asked users what they would do in life if money were no object .  most people said they would do volunteer work .  some respondents felt a need to experience new hobbies , interests .  a few would continue to work , but also use their talents to help those in nee .
 as obama prepares for isis fight , where are the doves ? <sec> two anti-war members of congress consider supporting expanded military action .  rep. barbara lee said she is waiting to hear the president 's plan against isis .  rep. walter jones said his support `` depends '' on what the president says .  a third member says he 's `` very uneasy '' about the prospect of an expanding wa .
 apple patent suggests new ipod features <sec> a patent shows how apple could add a speaker to the clip on the ipod shuffle or ipod nano .  apple ceo tim cook said ipod is a `` large and important product '' for the company .  npd analyst ross rubin says future nanos could be worn on wrists with social media update .
 texas death-row inmate gets last-minute reprieve <sec> buck eats what might have been his final meal when he learned of the stay .  he says , `` god 's mercy triumphs over judgment , and i feel good , '' an official says .  the u.s. supreme court issued a temporary stay of his execution for two killings .  texas ' pardons and paroles board recommended against clemency on tuesda .
 kids and guns : 'these are not isolated tragedies ' <sec> a study of colorado trauma center data finds a high number of kids ' gun injuries .  expert : more of this kind of research should be done .  federal law prevents agencies from using funds to promote gun contro .
 legal woes for new jersey gov . chris christie over bridge traffic jam <sec> new jersey state assembly releases 907 pages of documents friday on lane closure scandal .  christie 's republican political allies may have created traffic mayhem to spite a democrat .  a group of citizens has filed a class action lawsuit against christie .  analyst : there may have been a crime , as woman died during the chao .
 9 killed in mortar attack by somali insurgents <sec> sources : militants fired mortars toward mogadishu 's port , struck residential area .  mortars hit home for disabled national army officers .  at least 9 dead , 27 wounded in attack in war-torn capita .
 ferran adria : the wizard of gastronomy <sec> ferran adria is the head chef of el bulli , thought of as the world 's best restaurant .  adria pioneered avant garde cuisine ; credited with inventing 1,800 dishes .  el bulli will stop serving in the summer of 2011 to be reopened as el bulli foundatio .
 scientists baffled by mysterious acorn shortage <sec> naturalists are baffled this fall by a shortage of acorns in the eastern u.s . .  residents in some areas report plenty of acorns , while others have seen none at all .  acorn growth runs in cycles , so a lean year may be normal after last year 's big crop .  some scientists fear the shortage will affect squirrel population .
 beating the clock <sec> malini mehra on mission to change attitudes to climate change in india .  participated in principal voices in 2006 , since then has stepped up campaign .  says : `` tomorrow 's world is indian ... it 's high time we owned the problem '' .  india critiqued for being slow to act , national plan of action due in jun .
 official : mugabe agrees power-share deal without tsvangirai <sec> official : zimbabwe 's president makes power-share deal with splinter group .  opposition leader morgan tsvangirai not part of deal , official says .  tsvangirai denies he 's out of power-sharing discussion .
 'oldboy ' director shoots new horror film on iphone 4 <sec> south korean filmmaker park chan-wook says new film was shot on the iphone 4 .  fantasy-horror film `` paranmanjang '' is about a half-hour long .  park says the iphone 's small size and light weight made it a good too .
 'top model ' audition ends in chaos ; 6 injured <sec> police : 3 people were arrested saturday after chaos broke out at a tv show audition .  `` america 's next top model '' audition was being held at a new york hotel , police said .  two people sought treatment at a hospital , authorities said .  `` top model '' competition is hosted by tyra banks and airs on cw networ .
 not just freddie gray : suspects dying in police custody <sec> police say victor white iii and jesus huerta shot themselves while handcuffed in cars .  report : police ignored jorge azucena 's complaints that he had asthma and could n't breathe .  kelly thomas died five days after he was beaten by police in fullerton , californi .
 trump 's challenge to the world 's greatest golf courses <sec> donald trump 's scottish golf course has opened at a cost of $ 150 million .  american billionaire hailed it as the best in the world before the ribbon was cut .  it faces stiff competition for the accolade from several other british links courses .  trump 's project is also up against iconic contenders from the united state .
 mcqueen denies designing kate middleton royal wedding dress <sec> the sunday times reports that she was impressed by a mcqueen wedding dress .  two representatives of the fashion house tell cnn they 're not making the gown .  kate middleton is marrying prince william next month in westminster abbe .
 roots tourism thrives in ghana former slave outpost <sec> roots tourism has brought african-americans and others of african descent to cape coast , in ghana .  they visit cape coast castle , which served as slave dungeons , to see what their ancestors went through .  u.s. president barack obama and his family made a stop at cape coast castle in july 200 .
 who said tweets are trivial ? <sec> library of congress will archive all twitter messages since site started in 2006 .  the move , gina trapani says , validates social media 's role in recording history .  archive gives academics , historians , anthropologists a simple , deep dataset , she says .  trapani : many more people will have entrée into a collection usually reserved for select fe .
 amazon natives hold on to tradition <sec> photographer trupal pandya took portraits of the huaorani people in ecuador 's rainforest .  the community is beginning to modernize , but it still maintains its traditional ways of livin .
 north korea identifies detained american <sec> jun young su was arrested in november 2010 , kcna reports .  sources say the detainee is a korean-american businessman .  the state department is working on the case with the swedish embassy in pyongyang .  north korea has detained several americans in recent year .
 cnn student news transcript - february 22 , 2013 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 park life : games leave london with a happy golden glow <sec> olympic fever has transformed london into a sea of cheery smiles and bright outfits .  security shambles and pre-games predictions of transport chaos left londoners worried .  performance of home side team gb has done host nation proud .  hopes renewed optimism will be among the lasting legacies of london 201 .
 our ocean : environmental victim or savior ? <sec> it 's time to recapture our sense of wonder about the oceans , says philippe cousteau .  environmental advocate asks people to think hard about all the services it provides humankind .  having a healthy ocean is an `` environmental imperative '' that will `` dictate future of planet '' .  measures to protect fish stocks and eco-systems can have huge impact on ocean healt .
 what cheney gets wrong on torture ( opinion ) <sec> timothy stanley : dick cheney says torture report is `` crap , '' program was necessary , useful .  stanley : how can u.s. balance freedom , security ? .  2 problems with justifying torture for safety .  stanley : torture violates universal rights ; where 's proof it stops terror ? .  stanley : do citizens care about fate of a few terror suspects ? .  they should . .  democracy needs moralit .
 obama says he does n't believe north korea has nuclear missile <sec> obama says kim jong un is following familiar pattern of provocation .  he says intelligence suggests the north ca n't build a nuclear missile .  the north may make more provocative moves in the coming weeks , he warns .  north korea has dismissed the idea of talks with the u.s. as `` a crafty ploy .
 typhoon affects tens of thousands in philippines <sec> new : storm expected to move offshore in the afternoon , state news agency says .  new : sustained winds are 120 kph , with gusts of 150 kph .  typhoon nesat , known in the philippines as pedring , struck early tuesday .  more than 64,000 people are affected by the typhoon , disaster officials sa .
 an early vote warning in iowa <sec> lawyering up for potential runoff contests in louisiana and georgia .  november 4 tea leaves -- gop ahead in the iowa early vote tally .  obama goes to wisconsin to help dems try to unseat walke .
 sri lankans vote in historic election <sec> new : queues were large outside most colombo polling booths , election officials say .  new : president rajapaksa casts his vote in ancestral town of medamulana .  he faces tough challenge from retired gen. fonseka .  police : contingent of 85,000 police officers deployed to maintain law and orde .
 israel 's president : troops may go to gaza 'quite soon ' <sec> at least 61 palestinians killed , more than 500 injured in gaza , palestinian officials say .  idf says it warns civilians when airstrikes are coming with dummy bombs , phone calls .  military is `` prepared for all possibilities , '' prime minister benjamin netanyahu says .  palestinian authority president says israel is committing `` genocide .
 messi fires hat-trick as barcelona edge 9-goal thriller <sec> messi hat-trick inspires barcelona to 5-4 win over deportivo la coruna .  real madrid continue recent good form with 2-0 win against celta vigo .  malaga maintain grip on third coming from a goal down to beat real valladolid 2-1 .  juventus beat napoli to go three clear at top of table ; ac milan slump to 3-2 defeat at lazi .
 man wanted for questioning after attempted bombing at colorado mall <sec> new : a columbine experts says `` it 's like attacking people ... in mourning '' .  the southwest plaza mall reopens as authorities ask for help .  a possible bombing attempt came on the columbine anniversary .  propane tanks and a pipe bomb were found , officials sa .
 donors sign up to have bodies dissected , displayed <sec> body worlds was created by gunther von hagens , who invented plastination .  body donor toney dixon says the exhibit is a didactic alternative to burial , cremation .  about 800 people in north america are on donor list for body worlds .  purpose of the exhibit is education and enlightenment , von hagens say .
 ebola outbreak : fewer burials , fewer new cases in liberia , the who says <sec> is liberia getting a much-needed break ? .  lab confirmations are also plateauing and hospitals are less-cramped .  there is currently no cure or vaccine for ebol .
 passengers on small plane record their crash <sec> the aircraft only rose about 70 feet before it clipped some trees .  the entire incident was captured on a video camera .  the national transportation safety board is investigating the acciden .
 did the philippines 'hide ' homeless during papal visit ? <sec> allegations are made the the philippines hid homeless families during the pope 's visit .  100 homeless families from a busy street were relocated to a resort for training .  they were returned to manila after the pope lef .
 in georgia hot car death , computers seized , source says <sec> new : funeral for cooper harris will be saturday in alabama ; father ca n't attend .  source says police seized computers from father 's office after startling web discovery .  it 's unclear who conducted online searches on animal deaths in hot cars , source says .  the boy was left in a hot car , strapped to his seat in suburban atlanta last wee .
 russian bombers fly near california <sec> u.s. f-22s , f-15s intercept russian bombers .  russian planes were last intercepted off california in 2012 .  the russian planes did not come inside u.s. territorial airspace .  the incident is the latest in a string of u.s.-russian encounter .
 1st case of contracting ebola outside of africa <sec> president barack obama and the director of the cdc discuss next steps .  the president calls ebola a `` top national security priority '' .  a nurse 's assistant is the first person known to contract ebola outside of africa in this outbreak .  she was one of about 30 health professionals who treated two ebola patients in spai .
 commentary : why the doctor wo n't see you now <sec> kevin pho : it 's important to extend coverage to the uninsured .  he says reform ca n't work if there are n't enough doctors to care for all .  pho says massachusetts is finding it ca n't provide care to those newly covered .  pho : adding tens of millions of patients could strain syste .
 obama addresses iran youth , not leaders , in new year message <sec> obama tells iranian youth , `` i am with you '' in nowruz message .  nowruz is the start of the persian new year .  obama calls iran government `` afraid of its own citizens .
 mr. president : enough talk , now action ! <sec> ed rollins says president obama 's speech made all the key points .  he says the most important thing is that obama follow up with action .  rollins : americans want to know if obama is tough enough to deal with this crisis .  he says key test will come when obama meets with bp executive .
 review : taylor swift 's 'red ' <sec> ''we are never ever getting back together '' is a sublime explosion of euro-pop glee .  on the album she harmonizes with gary lightbody of snow patrol and ed sheeran .  ''22 '' also shows how savvy swift is about uniting guy haters of all age .
 5 senate races to watch in 2014 <sec> there are 435 house seats and 35 senate seats up in november midterms .  republicans must pick up six seats to win control of the senate .  additionally , there are 36 gubernatorial races , a number of them with national implications .  kentucky could be the most expensive race with senate minority leader mitch mcconnell u .
 libyan opposition welcomes russia 's new position <sec> new : national transitional council in `` financial crisis , '' chairman says .  a libyan official says nato strikes two compounds .  libyan opposition says it sold $ 160 million of oil to china .  nato says it targeted a vehicle storage area at bab bin ghashi .
 jodie foster marries alexandra hedison <sec> jodie foster quietly married her girlfriend over the weekend .  according to reports , they 'd been dating for almost a year .  no other details were immediately available .  foster is notoriously private about her personal lif .
 feds bust los angeles gang controlled by inmate <sec> harpys gang controls turf between usc and downtown los angeles , feds say .  the gang extorts , robs students , deals drugs and threatens to kill in square-mile area .  an imprisoned mexican mafia member allegedly ran gang through daughter .  feds arrest 18 of 29 defendants ; five are fugitives ; remainder already in custod .
 california fire scene : 'like a moonscape ' <sec> gas fire now fully contained with home hot spots .  fire chief says everyone in san bruno , california , now accounted for .  four killed , 38 houses destroyed , seven severely damaged , officials say .  pacific gas & electric says its transmission line ruptured ; ntsb to investigat .
 'chrissie , martina , serena ... oh my goodness ! ' <sec> serena williams reflects on record-equaling 18th grand slam title at u.s. open .  williams victory sees her match career totals of chris evert and martina navratilova .  world no . .  1 is now four off steffi graf 's open era tally of 22 grand slam singles title .
 blatter plans final term as bin hammam calls for change <sec> sepp blatter will step down as fifa president in 2015 , if elected for another term .  his presidential rival mohammed bin hammam has said it is time for a change .  bin hammam is blatter 's first election opponent since issa hayatou in 2002 .  the vote for the fifa presidency will take place in zurich , switzerland on june .
 israel 's new government excludes ultra-religious <sec> ultra-orthodox parties are out after years of being in .  a party that supports west bank settlements is in the government .  netanyahu 's priorities : fiscal responsibility , cost of living , iran .  tzipi livni will serve again as justice ministe .
 celtic gives rangers old firm blues <sec> celtic wins old firm clash with rangers at hampden .  goals from leigh griffiths and kris commons put celtic in league cup final .  arsenal thrashes aston villa 5-0 in epl action .  lionel messi scores winner as barcelona edges villarreal 3- .
 china bird flu crisis claims new victims as death toll rises to 9 <sec> new : two bird flu deaths occur in anhui and jiangsu provinces , a government agency says .  new : there are 28 infections nationwide , but no human-to-human transmission , it adds .  china 's vice premier urges more transparency in information about viru .
 prominent feminist mary thom dies in motorcycle crash <sec> she had just picked up her motorcycle from winter storage .  she was an avid fan of jon stewart and the cleveland indians .  she worked at ms. for 20 years .  in later years , she was an editor at women 's media cente .
 angry over u.n. inquiry , north korea touts its human rights system <sec> new : a leading human rights group calls the move `` a landmark step '' .  an inquiry will examine `` grave , widespread and systematic '' rights violations in north korea .  north korea calls the move a political ploy by `` hostile forces '' to harm its image .  the u.n. decision comes amid high tension on the korean peninsul .
 fernando alonso demands ferrari improvement <sec> fernando alonso says ferrari must do better in 2013 formula one season .  alonso lost out to 2012 drivers ' champion sebastian vettel by three points .  the spaniard drove the new ferrari f138 for the first time in jerez on tuesday .  the 2013 f1 season begins with the australian grand prix on march 1 .
 iran 's president ranges far in interview : talks israel , slams homosexuality <sec> ahmadinejad sits down for an interview with cnn 's piers morgan .  during the sometimes contentious conversation , he talks about the holocaust , syria .  ahmadinejad also discusses an anti-islam film and osama bin laden .  iran 's president is to address the u.n. general assembly on wednesda .
 boy in hong kong hospital tests negative for sars-like illness <sec> boy tests negative for sars-like virus that has infected two in middle east .  four-year-old arrived in hong kong from saudi arabia with his father last week .  hong kong was at epicenter of 2003 sars outbrea .
 state department scolds china on human rights <sec> report contrasts with lower-key approach clinton took on her visit to beijing .  review for 2008 alleges extrajudicial killings , torture , coerced confessions .  clinton had said `` pressing on those issues ca n't interfere '' with other crises .  report acknowledges u.s. human rights record is a concern around the worl .
 cnn poll : americans confident in ebola response <sec> majority of americans say the federal government is doing a `` good job '' responding to ebola .  finding comes as obama 's approval rating is only 45 .
 possible plea deal in works for jetblue flight attendant <sec> new : da says slater may have to attend counseling in deal .  steven slater appeared in court tuesday .  slater became famous for leaving a plane by the emergency chute .  that departure was reportedly sparked by an argument with a passenge .
 musharraf defends pakistan 's record against terrorism <sec> the pakistani military is `` doing enough '' to fight terrorism , musharraf says .  musharraf was president until 2008 .  he intends on running again in 201 .
 opinion : farm bill hurts hungry americans <sec> john stoehr : if gop wants `` compassionate conservatism , '' food stamp cuts are n't the way .  stoehr : cuts might be justified if agribusiness did n't get $ 90 billion over 10 years .  he says the gop is not opposed to redistribution of wealth if it gets distributed to the wealth .
 about 200 birds found dead in arkansas city for second straight new year 's eve <sec> new : a beebe resident recalls last year as `` freaky , '' with `` dead birds lying everywhere '' .  about 200 blackbirds die this year in the city after two spurts of fireworks , an official says .  `` someone went into the roost and set off fireworks , '' she adds .  about 5,000 birds were found dead in the arkansas city last new year 's ev .
