 batches of motrin being recalled <sec> the products were distributed in the united states , puerto rico and other places .  `` there is no safety concern if consumers continue taking the product , '' company say .
 australia , malaysia reach deal on asylum-seekers <sec> unauthorized migrants arriving in australia is a political issue .  under the new plan , the next 800 illegal migrants will be sent to malaysia .  in malaysia , they will make their claims for asylum .  in exchange , australia will accept 4,000 refugees from malaysi .
 massachusetts man charged with obstructing boston bombings probe <sec> khairullozhon matanov is charged with destroying evidence in boston blasts .  he also faces three counts of making false statements to investigators .  he is not charged with the bombings , but with trying to hide ties to the tsarnaev brother .
 killer 's parents hug , cry with parents of 2 slain teens <sec> parents of church shooter meet with victims ' family .  they `` met and hugged and cried , '' pastor says .  matthew murray , 24 , killed four people in two shootings , before killing himself .  his parents also thanked guard who shot their so .
 italy migrants : a sea-tossed storm of misery hits italy <sec> hundreds of desperate migrants have died attempting to cross the mediterranean in recent says .  and italians are alarmed that this year as many as a million migrants could arrive in europ .
 new bible of slang is published <sec> `` green 's dictionary of slang '' is the largest slang dictionary ever published in english .  jonathon green records and documents more than 100,000 words and idioms .  green : slang is `` ... vibrant , creative , witty , and open to seemingly infinite re-invention .
 uefa sees red over bendtner 's underpants <sec> denmark 's nicklas bendtner fined €100,000 for underwear incident , uefa said .  bendtner displayed `` paddy power '' boxer shorts last week during a match against portugal .  fans expressed outrage on twitter over the fin , which was sizeably more than recent fines for racism .  bendtner will also be required to sit out one game in the 2014 world cu .
 expert : 5 ways to improve the u.s. death penalty system <sec> death penalty advocate : reserve executions for especially heinous , atrocious and cruel killers .  replace injection with firing squad or let victim 's family choose , blecker says .  restrict death row inmates to minimal exercise , phone calls , or physical contact .  blecker : if innocent defendants are wrongly executed , families should be compensate .
 barca in shock defeat <sec> barcelona beaten at home by malaga .  messi , suarez and neymar strangely subdued .  real can got four points clear sunda .
 extra time winner secures japan record fourth asian cup title <sec> japan win a record fourth asian cup after a 1-0 win over australia .  substitute tadanari lee 's volley deep into extra time is the difference between the teams .  australia twice go close through tim cahill and harry kewell but fail to score .  tournament staged in 2022 world cup host nation qata .
 health workers alarmed over trend in haiti 's cholera outbreak <sec> the death toll has passed 800 ; more than 12,000 people have been sickened .  the united nations warns that 200,000 people may get sick .  it has asked for $ 164 million in a global ai .
 donald trump rejects allegations of racism <sec> trump insisted he is `` the least racist '' when questioned by cnn 's don lemon .  he was responding to allegations that racism motivated his questions about obama 's degree , birth certificate .  african-american academic told cbs program that trump used `` racism by inference .
 euro giants falter as barca , real and milan draw <sec> both barcelona and real madrid draw in la liga .  real madrid held to a dull 0-0 draw against racing santander .  barcelona came from behind to draw 2-2 with valencia .  in serie a , ac milan also dra .
 nepal 's former crown prince arrested <sec> paras shah allegedly fired a pistol at the son-in-law of the deputy prime minister .  shah accused him of conspiring to abolish the country 's monarchy .  the former crown prince has a history of reckless behavio .
 preserving 120 years of u.s. cultural history <sec> the library of congress stores historic audio and video recordings in secure vaults .  many cultural artifacts are decaying and must be transferred from analog to digital .  with more than 5 million items , it 's an impressive collection .  artifacts include martin luther king jr. speech , original 35mm film of `` star wars .
 anger boils in mexico over 46 deaths at day care center <sec> parents , their supporters have rallied in hermosillo , where fire broke out june 5 .  they say government did n't enforce safety rules , is conducting weak investigation .  sonora governor says investigation is `` complex and advancing '' .  un representative says all day care centers in mexico should be investigate .
 two saudis in human rights group get 10 years in prison <sec> saudi activists who attended saturday court hearing report sentence .  mohammed al-qahtani and abdullah al-hamid accused of criticizing saudi kingdom .  rights groups say saudi authorities have been increasingly targeting activist .
 'digital detox ' : hotels help gadget junkies go cold turkey <sec> many find it hard to disconnect , even when on holiday .  westin dublin hotel lets users swap cell phones for `` detox survival kit '' .  `` digital detox '' next big thing , according to travel industry report .  but many guests still prefer hotel wi-fi to ditching technolog .
 trial begins for captain in costa concordia cruise disaster <sec> the court will likely rule soon on a plea bargain request by the accused cruise ship captain .  five other defendants have already asked for a separate plea bargain trial .  `` i 'm still so angry and i want justice , '' says a civil plaintiff who was on the ship .  capt . .  francesco schettino is accused in the deaths of 32 people on the costa concordi .
 dawn daluise in court in alleged plot to kill <sec> dawn daluise owned skin refinery in west hollywood .  she was arrested in march after an alleged murder-for-hire plot .  it was aimed at a man whom she considered a competito .
 thailand : monarchy , the military and buddhism <sec> known as `` land of smiles '' to visitors , `` land of freedom '' to many thais .  the only country in the region not to have been colonized by european powers .  second largest economy in southeast asia .  king bhumibol adulyadej has reigned since 194 .
 punk meets islam for new generation in u.s . <sec> a handful of muslim punk bands have emerged in the last few years .  a fictional portrayal of a muslim punk scene helped set the real-world stage .  some conservative muslims disapprove of the suggestive and irreverent lyric .
 drone crash in el paso under investigation <sec> new : mexico initially denies drone was theirs ; then embassy spokesman claims craft .  new : embassy says drone crashed during operation with u.s. government .  u.s. authorities say they are looking into the incident .  drones are routinely used to patrol the borde .
 montezemolo expects more ferrari wins <sec> luca di montezemolo expects ferrari to win races in the second half of the 2011 season .  the italian team have won just one race so far , fernando alonso 's victory at silverstone .  the formula one season resumes with the belgian grand prix on august 2 .
 schools apologize for nazi germany assignment <sec> english students get assignment from albany , new york , teacher .  they were asked to blame jews for nazi germany 's problems .  it was part of persuasive writing project .  district superintendent apologizes for `` unacceptable '' tas .
 5 things you did n't know about frederick douglass <sec> douglass worked with both republicans and democrats on behalf of black voting rights .  he saw a kinship in haiti 's history as a former slave colony and that of blacks in america .  he was an outspoken supporter of the women 's suffrage movement .  his statue is the first to represent washingon d.c .
 will college become a luxury for the few ? <sec> katynka z. martínez : protest songs at education rally ranged from old school to hip hop .  martínez : whichever generation , all were fighting for accessible , affordable higher education .  writer 's mom immigrated to l.a. at 15 and went to college ; she could n't afford it today .  rising fees keep thousands of eligible students from realizing their dreams , she say .
 china to raise defense budget by 11 % <sec> the planned increase would lift spending to some 670 billion yuan ( $ 106.4 billion ) .  it follows similar rises in defense spending in years past .  the move is sure to stoke concerns among some of china 's neighbor .
 u.s. soccer star 'comes out ' as gay <sec> u.s. soccer player robbie rogers has `` come out '' as gay and retired from the game .  the 25-year-old had been playing in england with third-tier stevenage until recently .  he wrote on his blog : `` try explaining to your loved ones after 25 years you are gay '' .  former teammates give their support following announcemen .
 in africa , clinton will see a continent starved for aid , change <sec> u.s. secretary of state hillary clinton will visit zambia , tanzania , ethiopia .  she 's expected to push human rights and discuss economic development .  one special project on weeklong trip : safe cookstoves for african wome .
 world tallest building 's developer threatens to stop elevators over fees row <sec> emaar properties , which runs dubai 's burj khalifa , threatens to suspend services .  it says some residents of the world 's tallest building failed to pay service charges .  a one-bed apartment in the 160-story tower is for rent at $ 55,000 per yea .
 harry coover , super glue inventor , dies at 94 <sec> he hit upon the idea of super glue during a lab accident .  coover was 94 .  he is survived by his three children and four grandchildre .
 flight recorders located from yemen crash plane <sec> comoros islands lie between east african and the island nation of madagascar .  data recorders should contain information to help determine what caused the crash .  teenage girl only person to survive plane crash off comoros islands .  french , u.s. divers are helping to search for debris and bodies from the plan .
 opinion : are women foolish to love stilettos ? <sec> rachel simmons : even though high-heeled shoes are bad for our feet , women still wear them .  simmons : you would think that the end of men might also herald the end of the brazilian .  she says there 's a reason why women suffer for beauty and pay to be more beautiful .  simmons : it 's because attractive people are more likely to be successful and earn mor .
 what terrorists are really angry about <sec> john mueller : it 's assumed that the central motivation for terrorist violence is ideological .  he says for those who become radical , boiling outrage at american foreign policy is the driving forc .
 unicef : medical supplies have reached yemen <sec> u.n. agency says 900 refugees from yemen have arrived in horn of africa , asks ships in area to be vigilant .  who : at least 643 people have been killed , more than 2,000 injured in three weeks .  unicef : aid includes medical supplies for up to 80,000 people and more airlifts are planne .
 hamilton edges out rosberg to win u.s. grand prix <sec> lewis hamilton of mercedes wins u.s. grand prix in austin , texas .  british driver held off teammate nico rosberg to extend championship lead .  just 18 cars instead of full 22 took part in race due financial difficulties at caterham and marussi .
 opinion : was standing ovation for women 's pay as fake as don draper ? <sec> maya harris : bipartisan applause does n't square with congress ' record on gender wage gap .  president obama spoke to the issue during tuesday 's state of the union address .  he said it 's time to `` do away with workplace policies that belong in a 'mad men ' episode .
 one teen 's journey to special olympics <sec> dalton stilts is competing in flag football in the 2010 special olympics .  he suffered a brain injury after a car accident when he was a toddler .  football has helped him with confidence , as well as speech skills .  the 2010 special olympics usa national games begin next week in lincoln , nebrask .
 u.s. open top 10 moments <sec> some of the most memorable moments in golf have been at the u.s. open .  remarkable comebacks against the odds feature strongly in the list .  tiger woods ' 2008 victory through the pain barrier is ranked as one of the bes .
 11 trends for 2011 <sec> marian salzman says next year could be a year of anger .  she says the lukewarm economy is making men and women angrier .  people are focusing on technology to broadcast views , strengthen social ties , she says .  2011 could also be a year of reinvention for many people , salzman say .
 mexico says it captures drug-lord 's top lieutenant <sec> alleged drug kingpin 's lieutenant handled his security in durango , defense ministry says .  the arrest will affect joaquin `` el chapo '' guzman 's sinaloa cartel , official says .  guzman is a billionaire who is wanted in mexico and the united state .
 vermont fraternity chapter closed over rape survey <sec> the local chapter of the fraternity is closed indefinitely , officials say .  the survey is `` deplorable and absolutely inconsistent with our values , '' national fraternity leader says .  university of vermont officials said they `` respect and support '' the decisio .
 shop with your head , not your heart <sec> lee eisenberg says a down economy has turned american spenders into scrimpers .  it 's early to tell whether consumer habits have shifted permanently , he says .  eisenberg : consumers are placing a new importance on value when they bu .
 trash city : inside america 's largest landfill site <sec> l.a. is home to america 's largest landfill site , towering as high as a skyscraper .  americans accumulated 250 million tons of garbage in 2010 , most ends up as landfill .  but there is complex science behind a rubbish dump ensuring it is safe and sustainabl .
 visitors to u.s. face refusal under new online entry system <sec> travelers risk being turned away at u.s. airports , as entry rules come into effect .  esta allows short-term visitors under the visa waiver program entry to the u.s . .  visitors must register details online at least three days before they depar .
 man dribbling soccer ball from seattle to brazil killed on highway <sec> richard swanson wanted to fulfill his dream of heading to the world cup .  swanson would dribble soccer ball to brazil to raise money for charity .  supporters ask his ball be used to open world cup in 201 .
 marine pleads guilty in hazing-suicide case , gets 30-day sentence <sec> the case involves the suicide of a marine allegedly berated and beaten by peers .  the marine had fallen asleep while on watch in afghanistan .  the dead marine was the nephew of u.s. rep. judy chu of californi .
 frozen fruit mix suspected in hepatitis a outbreak <sec> thirty people have been infected with acute hepatitis a .  the frozen fruit mix is commonly used in smoothies .  the outbreak has been traced to pomegranate seeds from turkey , lawyer says .  hepatitis a inflames the liver and limits its ability to functio .
 mars rover captures nearby rocket 'footprint ' <sec> new : mars landscape resembles mojave desert , scientist observes .  new : images are used to program the rover for the next day , controller says .  curiosity photos capture gouges left by its dramatic landing .  two snags reported tuesday have been resolved , controllers sa .
 new york yankees honor nelson mandela with stadium memorial <sec> new york yankees unveil a plaque to honor nelson mandela .  the late south african president visited yankees stadium in 1990 .  the plaque was revealed as part of the mlb 's jackie robinson day activities .  civil rights activist the reverend jesse jackson and singer harry belafonte attend unveilin .
 georgia state trooper dies at traffic stop <sec> trooper chadwick lecroy is shot twice in the face .  chadwick dies en route to hospital .  he graduated from trooper school in 200 .
 world cup becoming biggest social-media event ever <sec> sunday 's u.s.-portugal world cup match inspired big social media activity .  there were 8 million tweets , 20 million facebook actions about the match .  facebook : world cup has `` highest level of conversation '' ever measured .  ronaldo mentioned 1.5 million times on twitter during u.s. matc .
 sexually suspect panda gives birth to twins <sec> a panda once believed to be male gave birth to twin cubs this week .  the panda was sent to japan in 2000 to mate with a female ... that did n't work out .  the giant panda is one of the world 's most endangered specie .
 libya reports employee at u.s. consulate killed during protests , u.s. official says <sec> militants attacked the u.s. consulate in benghazi , a state department spokeswoman says .  state department official : libya has notified the united states that a consular employee was killed .  the state department does not have independent confirmation of the deat .
 swine flu drug sales soar amid stockpiling <sec> new : ceo : boost from swine flu vaccine will likely increase profits later this year .  sales of flu drug relenza soar as governments stockpile in case of pandemic .  around the world there have been 98,000 cases of swine flu in 120 countries .  with 29 deaths , britain has the worst swine flu figures in europ .
 knowing 'how to lose , ' venezuelan opposition candidate pushes forward <sec> henrique capriles radonski conceded quickly after venezuela 's election .  `` to know how to win , you must also know how to lose , '' he says .  analyst says capriles ' comments were `` perfect pitch '' .  expert : a candidate 's response after an election `` is much more about the future .
 spooky reads for halloween <sec> new bone-chilling best-sellers are perfect halloween reads .  colson whitehead 's `` zone one '' is a darkly comic take on the apocalypse .  chuck palahniuk 's `` damned '' follows a young girl as she navigates the underworld .  two `` saw '' movie authors have joined a third writer for `` black light , '' a supernatural noi .
 hair today , masters tomorrow : wagner books augusta spot with hawaii win <sec> johnson wagner clinches the sony open in hawaii to qualify for masters in april .  wagner 's third pga tour title and gives american the fedex cup series lead .  wagner vows to keep his mustache after qualifying for the opening major at augusta .  the 31-year-old climbs 106 places in the world rankings to 92n .
 how to buy the best beef <sec> humans began domesticating cattle , bos taurus , about 8,500 years ago .  americans today consume nearly 63 pounds of beef per person each year .  most of us tend to stick with beef cuts we kno .
 uk science teacher admits trying to help syria rebels <sec> new : defense says jamshed javeed , 30 , was motivated by syrian people 's suffering .  javeed pleads guilty to two terrorism offenses in a uk court .  police accused him of helping associates to travel to syria for terrorism purposes .  they said he planned to join them and had bought equipment for isis fighters to us .
 cnn student news - april 2 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 son of chinese 'singing general ' sentenced to 10 years for gang rape <sec> li tianyi , 17 , sentenced to 10 years in high-profile gang rape case .  his four co-defendants received sentences ranging from 3 to 12 years .  the son of a people 's liberation army ( pla ) celebrity known as the `` singing general '' .  case unleashed public outrage at behavior of china 's `` princelings .
 conyers hosts running of the bulls , a scene wholly unlike pamplona <sec> conyers , georgia , holds first in series of bull runs , kicking off nationwide tour .  event is quite unlike the pamplona , spain 's festival de san fermin .  pamplona has pageantry , parades , bullfights ; conyers has free beef jerky .  pamplona vets attending the conyers running complain bulls are pansie .
