 walsh 's grief turned to action after adam 's murder <sec> murder of adam walsh , parents ' response , changed law enforcement .  adam , 6 , was abducted and murdered in july 1981 .  police closed case tuesday , named deceased drifter ottis toole .  boy 's father , john walsh , became activist for crime victim .
 five babies test positive for tb in el paso , texas <sec> five babies in el paso , texas , have tested positive for tuberculosis .  infants exposed after nurse came to work with active tb .  more than 850 patients and 43 health care workers were expose .
 world cup worries grow for brazil <sec> brazilian judge halts work on world cup stadium in curitiba .  judge states workers in dangers of `` being buried '' and `` other serious risks '' .  meeting to be held friday to determine when work can be restarted .  world cup starts on june 12 next yea .
 ultra-orthodox jews in israel take to streets over court ruling <sec> new : around 100,000 demonstrate .  tumult reflects state-religion tensions in israel .  ruling casts light on ashkenazi , sephardic tension .
 'e.t . ' : friends and filmmakers go home <sec> steven spielberg 's `` e.t . '' .  is celebrating its 30th anniversary this year .  it remains the fourth most-successful movie of all time in the u.s . .  the 30th anniversary dvd/blu-ray includes an interview with spielberg .  henry thomas : i just realized 10 years ago , `` wow ! .  this `` e.t . '' .  thing is n't going away . .
 ainslie 's america 's cup crusade receives funding boost <sec> ben ainslie racing receives $ 12.8 million funding boost from british government .  money will be used to fund new training and design facility in portsmouth , england .  olympic gold-medal winner ainslie aims to enter british team into 2017 america 's cu .
 fired air marshal will get new hearing <sec> air marshal robert maclean tipped the media off to a cutback in schedules .  he was fired after the tsa found out he was the one who leaked the information .  maclean appealed decision .  he will try to get federal whistle-blower protectio .
 viral web 's 'mr . trololo ' dies at 77 <sec> eduard khil was a popular soviet-era singer of the '60s and '70s .  khil found renewed fame decades later online as `` mr. trololo '' .  his words-free performance came after soviet censors banned a song 's lyrics .  the youtube video became a new version of the rickroll mem .
 kenya sets deadline for election violence tribunal <sec> violence after december 2007 elections nearly tore kenya apart .  nearly 1,500 people were killed and hundreds of thousands displaced .  tribunal was part of deal to end ethnic violenc .
 le mans winner dedicates triumph to simonsen <sec> audi 's tom kristensen wins le mans 24-hour race .  record ninth victory for the dane .  dedicates his triumph to compatriot allan simonsen .  aston martin 's simonsen was killed in accident at le mans saturda .
 report : 90 % of americans own a computerized gadget <sec> eighty-five percent of americans currently own cell phones .  about a quarter of all u.s. households have gone mobile phone-only .  five percent of americans own e-reader devices such as the kindle or noo .
 china launches fifth manned space mission <sec> new : china launches shenzhou 10 spaceship from base in gobi desert .  three astronauts sent into space for china 's fifth and longest crewed mission .  mission seeks to test technology related to constructing a space station .  china 's march into space underscores growing financial and military clou .
 top sights in prague <sec> `` golden city '' is a well-deserved eponym for a city that mixes history and beauty like no other .  largely untouched by wwii , prague 's many century-old buildings have been left intact .  cnn takes you through the top historical sights not to be missed in pragu .
 inside politics : obama and boehner in midterm chess match <sec> both obama and boehner dropped high-profile initiatives to keep base happy .  for boehner , his commitment to immigration reform was sacrificed .  obama dropped his idea to tweak inflation adjustments for social security .  both moves show a shift to election-year positionin .
 u.s. to join nuclear talks with iran , state department says <sec> new : `` engagement '' with iran `` makes sense , '' secretary of state clinton says .  new : ahmadinejad says u.s. `` has no right to suggest how other nations should live '' .  e.u . .  official asked to invite iran to new talks with security council members , germany .  u.s. , having no diplomatic relations with iran , has stayed out of those talks to dat .
 u.s. oks return of diplomatic families to saudi arabia <sec> the last major terror strike in saudi arabia occurred in 2007 .  an `` ongoing security threat '' persists , u.s. state department says .  americans told to keep a `` low profile .
 lionel messi hat-trick inspires barcelona while real madrid also wins <sec> lionel messi scores three first-half goals for barcelona on the road against valencia .  valencia rallied to make the game close thanks to two goals from helder postiga .  luka modric and isco starred for real madrid in a 3-1 win over athletic bilbao .  in germany , champions league runner-up borussia dortmund also stayed perfec .
 survival tools in haiti : truth and deception <sec> many people we interviewed wanted payment , simply for answering our questions .  people have little documentation left of their lives , and journalists have to have faith in subjects .  the man told us his daughter was born just hours before haiti 's massive earthquak .
 chinese tycoon sentenced to 14 years in prison <sec> huang guangyu , once china 's richest man , was sentenced tuesday to 14 years .  huang was charged with stock-market manipulation , insider trading and bribery .  he headed gome , a leading retail chains , and was once worth $ 6.3 billio .
 comparing cost of ownership <sec> a car with a cheaper sticker price can often cost consumers more in the long run .  report based on comparison of the 300 models in consumer reports database .  second-biggest factor in cost-of-ownership , after depreciation , is fuel costs .  maintenance and car repairs account for only four percent of the cost of ownershi .
 wrestling chief steps down after olympics mulls pulling sport <sec> raphael martinetti stepped down to give others a chance to fight for wrestling in 2020 games .  the sport has an uphill battle for inclusion in the 2020 games .  wrestling is viewed as an iconic olympic spor .
 national guard : gay iraq veteran must leave service <sec> first lt. dan choi , a west point alum and arab linguist , says he 's gay .  `` disappointing , but not unexpected , '' says supporter sue fulton of guard 's decision .  federal recognition board reviews more than 150 letters of support for cho .
 which nation feels most pressure to lose weight ? <sec> world health organization : more people die from being overweight , obese than underweight .  poll : of those quizzed , brazilians feel most pressure to be slimmer .  poll : russians are the most likely to turn to cigarettes to lose weigh .
 apple preparing verizon-compatible ipad ? <sec> next generation ipad could come in three different versions .  currently 3g ipad ships with a microsim card slot , which is only used on at & t .  if verizon gets iphone and ipad , it would greatly expand apple 's potential marke .
 blatter apologizes for qatar world cup gay remarks <sec> sepp blatter apologizes for remarks about gay fans attending 2022 world cup .  blatter said they should `` refrain from sexual activity '' in qatar where homosexuality illegal .  fifa president blatter says he is against discrimination in all forms .  blatter also supports idea of playing 2022 in january rather than jun .
 2014 may be the hottest year on record <sec> the estimates are released to coincide with annual climate change negotiations .  world meteorological organization head : `` there is no standstill in global warming .
 protecting babies from neurotoxins <sec> the new limits are projected to prevent 130,000 cases of asthma , 6,300 cases of bronchitis .  methylmercury , found in fish and shellfish , can harm a child 's thinking , language .  the new epa rule also limits emissions of hazardous air pollutants like arsenic , benzen .
 reputed cartel leader killed , mexico says <sec> reputed leader of los zetas cartel in mexico 's veracruz state reportedly in gunbattle .  braulio arellano dominguez dies in firefight with authorities , attorney general says .  los zetas considered one of mexico 's most advanced and violent drug cartel .
 amanda knox parents ' libel case 'feels personal , ' mother says <sec> new : a new indictment against curt knox and edda mellas will not stop them , she says .  they said their daughter told them she was physically and verbally abused .  the claims were made in a 2009 sunday times of london interview .  a hearing is set for jul .
 john king : why is 1999 so important in 2012 ? <sec> obama campaign says romney lying about involvement with bain after he left .  romney campaign chief says obama should apologize for `` out of control '' campaign .  four sources -- three of them democrats -- support romney side of dispute .  obama campaign wants to tie story to other attacks on romney 's characte .
 the green vault is europe 's treasure chest <sec> recently renovated green vault at dresden castle houses world 's largest collection of treasures .  it was the first public museum , built in the early 18th century by augustus the strong .  recent restoration efforts cost over 45 million euro .
 genetic map of cold virus a step toward cure , scientists say <sec> scientists map entire cold virus for first time .  could be a step toward finding a cure , researchers say .  colds result in direct and indirect costs of about $ 60 billion annually in the u.s .
 video recorded by travolta 's attorney played at trial <sec> two accused of trying to extort millions from actor after son jett died in bahamas .  travolta attorney michael mcdermott testifies he assisted police in a sting .  defense argues mcdermott tried to `` set up '' their clients with secret recording .  mcdermott testifies video shows him meeting with one of the defendant .
 wrong date on ed koch 's tombstone corrected <sec> ex-new york mayor ed koch 's tombstone featured wrong birth year until tuesday .  `` ed would have loved this attention , '' a former press secretary says .  transposed numbers have been fixed , ex-press aide say .
 11 meteor tweets we wish we 'd thought of <sec> a meteor explodes over russia , more than 700 injured .  jokes poke fun at piers morgan , sarah palin .  a campaign to stop parody accounts is launche .
 yemeni president saleh granted immunity <sec> protests take place in 13 provinces saturday , an organizing committee says .  demonstrator : saleh `` killed many , and now the opposition wants to forgive him '' .  ali abdullah saleh will step down from power in exchange for immunity .  yemen 's parliament also accepts vice president hadi 's presidential nominatio .
 jimenez seeking to become european tour 's oldest winner <sec> miguel angel jimenez joins michael campbell in share of the lead in hong kong .  jimenez will become european tour 's oldest winner if he clinches victory on sunday .  spaniard , 48 , has won the tournament twice before but is two years without a title .  former u.s. open champion campbell , 43 , has not won a tournament since 200 .
 china : man pawns nike jordans to buy an apartment <sec> a chinese man has pawned 283 pairs of limited edition nike air jordan sneakers .  he plans to use the $ 160,000 loan as a down payment on an apartment .  he has been collecting nike air jordans since he was 14 years ol .
 steve jobs ' surprise appearance a 'big deal ' <sec> many observers had expected another apple exec to fill in for steve jobs on wednesday .  the surprised audience at apple 's ipad 2 event gave him a standing ovation .  jobs ' current medical leave has sparked concern among his cult-like follower .
 the power of perceptions : imagining the reality you want <sec> we have the power to choose our responses , holocaust survivor viktor frankl said .  the power of our perceptions can be seen with the placebo effect during clinical trials .  the way we perceive even the most basic of our senses is dependent on interpretatio .
 no prom date ? go anyway ! <sec> back in the 1990s , cnn 's kat kinsman was an awkward teen with no date to the prom .  kinsman thought about not attending but decided to take a chance and go anyway .  school faculty tried to discourage her but she forged ahead and attended solo .  the decision was a boost to her confidence and helped her navigate other social situation .
 nascar driver tweets from car , gains 100,000 followers <sec> nascar driver brad keselowski had 185,000 followers in two hours .  keselowski posted photo of juan pablo montoya 's crash into a safety vehicle .  keselowski then got into a wreck of his own after the race resume .
 band member 's husband condemns pussy riot prison sentences <sec> pyotr verzilov says no other western nation would have jailed his wife for the protest act .  the white house has serious concerns about the women 's treatment , a spokesmen says .  the three members of pussy riot got a two-year prison term for hooliganism .  they were arrested after performing an anti-putin song in a cathedral as a protest ac .
 former alabama prosecutor arrested on enticement , child porn charges <sec> authorities say steven giardini thought he was communicating with a 15-year-old girl .  but , they say , he was really communicating with the fbi .  new : giardini resigned as a prosecutor after his home was searched last yea .
 tuberculosis hot spots <sec> tuberculosis is a disease of poverty .  there has n't been a new class of tb drugs developed in 40 years .  a funding shortfall could hamper the global fight against the diseas .
 female wwii pilots to be honored with float in rose parade <sec> about 1,100 women served in the women airforce service pilots program in world war ii .  female pilots ferried military planes around the country to allow men to fight overseas .  a bill that would have made the program part of the military failed in congress in 1944 .  members of the program were awarded congressional gold medal in 201 .
 adele kicks off north american tour with emotional show <sec> adele gave a non-stop monologue that continued between her set 's 16 songs .  it seems emotions that clearly simmered just below the surface might explode .  material might have turned grating or repetitive in the hands of a lesser talen .
 review : 'mirror mirror ' is a frivolous family film <sec> in `` mirror mirror , '' julia roberts plays the evil queen , snow white 's murderous stepmother .  lily collins is charming as the innocent princess .  armie hammer 's a hoot as the arrogant -- but oh-so-eligible -- princ .
 paul elvstrom <sec> elvstrom won four consecutive gold medals in the same event .  olympic sailor record : 4 gold medals .  sailor ; born february 25 , 1928 in copenhagen , denmar .
 gomes error sees real madrid through to barca showdown <sec> real madrid win 1-0 at tottenham to reach semifinals of the champions league .  an error from brazilian goalkeeper heurelho gomes enough to give real victory .  brazilian allows a cristiano ronaldo shot to trickle through his fingers .  real will now face barcelona in a mouth-watering semifinal showdow .
 jeremy lin brings 'linsanity ' to houston <sec> `` we made an error by letting him go , '' rockets owner says .  `` i just think i 'm going to have fun playing here , '' lin tells cnn .  lin makes his media debut as a houston rocket thursday .  being a role model for younger asians is important , lin say .
 egypt : 51 killed as security forces crack down on protests <sec> new : at least 51 people were killed , state media reports .  the muslim brotherhood 's party says peaceful protesters were slain .  egypt 's interior ministry says hundreds of rioters were arrested .  demonstrators jump into the nile to escape arres .
 free the killer whale <sec> an experienced trainer was killed by a whale at seaworld .  jane velez-mitchell says the animal was unnaturally confined to a relatively small space .  she says the killer whale should be released in a marine sanctuar .
 alonso staying with ferrari until 2016 <sec> fernando alonso extends his contract with ferrari until 2016 .  two-time world champion alonso pens a three-year deal with the italian giants .  the spaniard finished second to sebastian vettel by four points in 2010 .  motogp could be set to expand for the 2012 seaso .
 oscar pistorius to sell pretoria home for legal costs <sec> oscar pistorius is selling the home `` to cover his increasing legal costs '' .  he 's on trial for murder in the death of his girlfriend , reeva steenkamp .  his home , where steenkamp died , has been sealed since it was handed back to him .  pistorius `` can not contemplate ever returning to live there again , '' a statement say .
 clinton 's future 'as good as her past , ' docs say <sec> hillary clinton 's blood clot is called a cerebral vein thrombosis and is relatively rare .  anyone who has had a blood clot in the past is at a higher risk of getting one again .  it 's unknown if clinton has a genetic condition that may increase her ris .
 minister 's daughter : cannabis 'a gift from god ' <sec> aimee curry found marijuana helped her pain .  doctors say medical marijuana may reduce the need for opioids .  one expert cautions that cannabis is not always safe .  rescheduling the drug would likely lead to greater medical acceptanc .
 pilot recalls emergency during 1982 ash cloud <sec> eric moody : `` the engines just ran down '' .  passengers told to prep for emergency crash landing .  at 13,000 feet , three of the engines start working again .  plane lands in jakart .
 dancing djokovic eases into third round at rogers cup <sec> novak djokovic beats florian mayer in under an hour in his first match since wimbledon .  rafael nadal also returned at the rogers cup and won his doubles encounter .  nadal and andy murray play their opening singles matches wednesday in montreal .  venus williams loses at the women 's event in toronto after claiming the first set 6- .
 parents of truant kids can face jail time <sec> georgia county operates aggressive program to keep kids in school .  300 families have gone to court in truancy cases .  fifteen `` truant '' parents have faced time behind bar .
 police embracing tech that predicts crimes <sec> predictive analytic software predpol anticipates future crime based upon past activity . .  the program was adapted from similar software meant to predict earthquake aftershocks . .  many police stations still use obsolete technology due to small budgets and aversion to change . .  even so , police depend heavily upon social media to solve crimes .
 7 ways to escape christmas <sec> not everyone is a noel fan .  morocco is a perennial favorite for christmas avoiders .  icelandic appetites for nightlife can leave visitors whimpering for mercy .  just do n't expect to get any present .
 germanwings crash : could autopilot have helped ? <sec> autopilot could have taken control of germanwings flight and flown plane to safe altitude .  but some experts say taking control away from humans could lead to other dangers .  another concern : autopilot might be vulnerable to hacker .
 state media : presumptive chinese leader appears for first time in 2 weeks <sec> xinhua shows vice president xi jinping appearing at a beijing university .  media has not reported him being out in public since september 1 .  xi is seen as a contender to become china 's next leader .  his public absence has fueled speculatio .
