 israel plans new homes in east jerusalem , west bank <sec> bids are taken to build units in east jerusalem and west bank .  peace now argues the bids were timed as attention is turned toward the u.s. elections .  palestinians deplore the move .  israel says the plan has been in the works for a yea .
 review : 'after earth ' is like sci-fi leftovers <sec> `` after earth '' is directed by m. night shyamalan .  will smith plays cypher and real-life son jaden plays his son , kitai .  ew gives it a grade of c .
 mysterious cleopatra has 21st-century defender <sec> kathleen martinez has toiled for three years in egypt looking for cleopatra 's tomb .  martinez says the egyptian queen has gotten an unfair reputation over the centuries .  cleopatra spoke nine languages and was a philosopher and poet , martinez says .  so was marc antony 's lover beautiful or plain or ugly ? .  that debate rages o .
 3-d gun raid in uk may have nabbed printer parts <sec> uk police raid model-shop looking for 3-d printed gun .  the parts they found may actually be replacement pieces for the 3-d printer itself .  3-d printed firearms a growing concern for law enforcement since first one fired in ma .
 how germany banishes climate myths ( opinion ) <sec> barbara hendricks : lima climate talks marked significant progress .  tackling climate change does n't have to hurt economy , she writes .  germany has passed measures to cut emissions dramatically by 2020 .  germany welcomes u.s. contributions on climate policy , author say .
 arizona , a rogue state at war <sec> arizona has asked for military equipment , including drones , to beef up border security .  president obama has approved sending national guard to the border .  navarrette says border has never been more protected , but it 's not the real issue .  he says culprit in illegal immigration is employers who hire illegals to do jobs americans wo n't d .
 missing boy 's mom : jaycee 's story 'makes my heart smile ' <sec> patty wetterling 's son was kidnapped at gunpoint nearly 20 years ago .  wetterling has met mother of jaycee dugard , now free after 18 years .  mother has turned helping families of missing kids into a full-time job .  wetterling 's message to missing son : `` we never quit . .  we need you home .
 report : court orders former egyptian president hosni mubarak freed <sec> new : egypt 's military issues a decree placing mubarak under house arrest , state tv says .  analyst robin wright says mubarak 's pending release is an `` extraordinary development '' .  but she says it could be diminished amid long list of egyptian worries .  he was convicted in the deaths of numerous protesters but was granted a retrial this yea .
 why i started coffee party usa <sec> annabel park says she started coffee party on facebook over frustration with tea parties .  site 's success , attendance at coffee party events signify need for action , she says .  movement aimed at civil discourse , giving citizens a voice in democracy , she says .  park : we 're upset at corrupt political process ; we want to re-engage with governmen .
 drug dealer charged in fox executive 's killing <sec> john lenzie creech is scheduled to be arraigned on monday , prosecutors say .  authorities say fox executive gavin smith 's car was found in a storage facility linked to creech .  smith went missing in may 2012 ; his remains were found in a shallow grave last yea .
 one world trade center to be nation 's tallest building <sec> one world trade center ruled to be taller than willis tower .  council on tall buildings says 1wtc measures 1,776 feet .  when 1wtc is completed , it 's expected to be world 's third-tallest buildin .
 woman pleads guilty in newtown fundraising scheme <sec> bronx woman posed as aunt of sandy hook victim , prosecutors say .  nouel alba , 37 , solicited donations on behalf of noah pozner family , prosecutors say .  noah , 19 other children and six adults were killed at connecticut school in decembe .
 chile : fujimori can be extradited <sec> ex-peru leader must be extradited to face human rights charges at home .  fujimori accused of ordering death squad killings , corruption .  fujimori has denied allegations , saying they 're politically motivate .
 british jeweler sells $ 8 million iphone <sec> stuart hughes is known for his expensive remakes of popular gadgets .  only two of these iphone 4s will ever be made .  the device has a price tag of 5 million pounds , or roughly $ 8 millio .
 in soccer , or football , the us is now being taken seriously <sec> the u.s. has turned into an important market in the world of soccer .  manchester city sees the benefits , becoming majority owner of a new mls team .  the new us team can learn from manchester city , and vice vers .
 storm death toll tops 650 in philippines ; hundreds missing <sec> new : the tropical storm passes the philippines .  new : the system has affected more than 135,000 people , a national agency says .  president aquino plans to visit the region tuesday .  `` do we still have christmas , mother ? '' .  a crying young girl ask .
 tensions rise in ivory coast on eve of delegation arrival <sec> police : security forces disperse ouattara supporters .  leaders of african nations will try to end political standoff .  two ivory coast banks closed this wee .
 man held in 2 deaths at california toll plaza <sec> woman shot inside one of the toll booths ; another victim shot inside his vehicle .  nathaniel burris of richmond , california , accused of rush-hour slayings .  police say deaths appeared to stem from a domestic disput .
 washington ranks as most bike friendly state in the nation <sec> for the fifth year straight , washington ranks as country 's most bicycle-friendly state .  washington passed law carrying penalties for motorists who injure or kill cyclists .  minnesota takes no . .  2 spot for bike-sharing program , plans to expand bike trails .  arkansas takes last plac .
 news anchor on biden interview : 'i 'm a journalist ' <sec> tv news anchor attracts controversy with interview of sen. joe biden .  anchor asks biden how sen. barack obama 's polices are n't marxist .  wftv 's barbara west says her job is to ask tough , probing questions .  `` i do n't believe i got answers at all , '' west tells cnn 's larry kin .
 ex-occupier now holds wall street job <sec> tracy postert was fully committed to the occupy wall street protests , she tells cnn .  the biochemist says she had been looking for work , but could n't prove it to naysayers .  she showed up at zuccotti park with her résumé , and soon had a job offer .  she now researches biotech companies for john thomas financial -- on wall stree .
 war 's 'lost boy ' grows up to graduate from college <sec> six-year-old kuol dut was forced from his family and home by war .  he survived a 450-mile journey , watching many other boys die .  after years in refugee camps , he came to the u.s. and had 3 months to get a job .  watch cnn 's webcast of oprah 's book club tonight at 9 p.m. e .
 newark flight makes emergency landing in poland <sec> new : warsaw 's main airport will remain closed overnight .  the passengers `` stayed calm '' during the emergency landing , the airline says .  the plane was carrying 231 people from newark to warsaw .  it landed on its belly after problems with its landing gea .
 5 illinois family members were beaten to death , sheriff says <sec> two adults , three children died of blunt force trauma , pathologist finds .  killings occurred in beason , illinois , about 45 miles northeast of springfield .  one survivor , a 3-year-old girl , hospitalized in critical conditio .
 new york immigrant dead in apparent hate crime <sec> immigrant dies from injuries sustained in possible bias attack .  jose sucuzhanay , brother assaulted by group of men after leaving party .  group allegedly yelled anti-gay , anti-latino vulgarities at men .  mother learned of son 's death shortly after arriving from ecuado .
 'saturday night live 's ' 5 best skits <sec> `` saturday night live '' celebrates 40th season saturday .  show has produced many top-notch sketches over the years .  here are picks for five bes .
 hamilton hungry for success as new mercedes unveiled for 2013 season <sec> mercedes car for 2013 f1 season unveiled at jerez .  f1 wo4 will be driven by lewis hamilton and nico rosberg .  hamilton joined mercedes from mclaren at end of 2012 season .  'strongest driver line-up in f1 ' - team principal ross braw .
 tsa set to test new screening protocols for elderly <sec> the procedures being tested make allowances for people age 75 and older .  they do n't have to take off their shoes or light outerwear , for instance .  the tests are starting at checkpoints in chicago , denver , portland and orland .
 isner pushes nadal all the way in opener <sec> five-time french open champion beats american john isner in opening french open tie .  isner led two sets to one , but nadal fight back ensures passage to second round .  andy murray and robin soderling both into second round after victories on tuesda .
 colombian drug kingpin sentenced in u.s . <sec> edgar vallejo guarin was arrested in spain in 2008 .  he was extradited to the united states in 2010 .  he pleaded guilty to running a drug-smuggling operatio .
 what we can learn from headline-making pet stories <sec> pets can teach us so many things , but only if we pay attention , the author says .  the earthquake in japan taught us that a dog 's loyalty has no match .  pet stories in the news proved that prevention is the best medicine when it comes to pet healt .
 cape cod beach town vexed by shark sightings <sec> shark expert confirms at least one large shark sighting friday .  species unconfirmed , but `` most likely '' was a great white , expert says .  as many as five large sharks were seen on thursday near monomoy island .  expert : on average , sharks kill about four people per year , worldwid .
 malawi halts nursing brain drain <sec> malawi 's innovative national program lifts nurses out of poverty .  since 2001 the external brain drain has slowed to a trickle .  many challenges still remain as the public health service is deplete .
 manny 'pacman ' pacquiao courts more success <sec> cnn meets the philippines fighter on court in manila , where he coaches a basketball team .  the 36-year-old ring legend has also dabbled in politics in his homeland .  pacquaio says his two oldest children are desperate for him to fight mayweathe .
 iran to release american hiker sarah shourd , official says <sec> new : jailed hiker sarah shourd to be freed `` very soon , '' iran says .  iranian official says release is scheduled for saturday morning .  hikers ' mothers say all three are innocent and should be release .
 tracking killer behind the garissa university massacre <sec> the attack at a garissa university last week killed 147 people , mostly students .  mohamed mohamud taught at a madrassa in the kenyan town .  authorities fear the rise of homegrown terrorists in the african countr .
 ning : the future of online social networking ? <sec> cnn talks to gina bianchini , ceo of ning , a fast-growing web site .  ning lets people with common interests gather around niche social networks .  the site boasts more than 1 million social networks -- some 200,000 of them active .  in march , the site added a real-time activity feed to help users stay update .
 u.n. report condemns israel for gaza operation <sec> israel : u.n. human rights council has `` one-sided and unfair '' attitude .  report says israeli soldiers intentionally put children in harm 's way during offensive .  u.n. report also said there was credible evidence hamas used human shields .  report called the israeli response to hamas rocket attacks disproportionat .
 brazil to shed light on 'dirty war ' abuse <sec> a commission is being set up to investigate human rights crimes in brazil .  thousands were jailed or tortured during a military dictatorship that ended in 1985 .  president dilma rousseff : `` the new generations deserve the truth '' .  the commission has access to former prisoners , military leaders and archive .
 france opens gulf military base <sec> french president nicolas sarkozy opens military base in united arab emirates .  base can accommodate troops , jets and most of france 's navy ships .  france is ready to shoulder its responsibilities .  iran previously said it was not pleased at the french presenc .
 mom drops 110 pounds in 10 months <sec> colleen whiteaker weighed more than 230 pounds at her heaviest .  she went from a size 20 to a size 2/4 by exercising six days a week .  whiteaker is ready to take on the world now , one of her daughters say .
 in search of the best whisky in the world <sec> last month a japanese whisky was named the best in the world .  the yamazaki single malt sherry cask 2013 topped jim murray 's `` whisky bible '' .  japan has only three distilleries compared to over 100 in scotlan .
 lindsay lohan remains free on bond after probation revoked <sec> actress pleads not guilty at arraignment .  lohan is formally charged with felony grand theft .  the prosecutor must prove lohan intended to steal the necklace .  the actress allegedly walked out of a venice , california , store with the jewelr .
 houston food bank 'overwhelmed , ' director says <sec> houston food bank needs 500,000 pounds of food a day for next 6 weeks .  thousands still in shelters , 1.5 million without power in texas .  president inspects hurricane damage in galveston , promises help .  floodwaters rising on missouri , mississippi rivers from ike 's weekend delug .
 mars rover curiosity celebrates 1 year on red planet <sec> curiosity landed on mars on august 6 , 2012 ( august 5 in the western u.s . ) .  the rover will make a 5-mile journey to the planet 's mount sharp .  scientist says landing the rover itself was a major accomplishment .  rover found evidence that life could have existed on mar .
 dublin defeat dampens england 's six nations joy <sec> england crowned six nations champions despite closing defeat by ireland .  dublin defeat ends england 's hopes of achieving a grand slam of five victories .  defending champions france finish second after beating wales 28-9 in paris .  wales needed to win by 27 points to prevent england from taking the titl .
 mexico 's drug policy not a 'war , ' security spokesman says <sec> fight aims to dismantle drug cartels , strengthen institutions , official says .  alejandro poire says in blog the goal is to strengthen the rule of law and reduce crime .  mexico estimates 35,000 people have died in drug-related violence since december 200 .
 volcano vs. monster truck in iceland <sec> volcano safari tours in iceland involve driving up eyjafjallajokull in a giant-wheeled 4x4 super jeep .  in 2010 eruptions from eyjafjallajokull grounded thousands of transatlantic flights and stranded millions .  other volcanic attractions include bardarbunga , which has been erupting since august 201 .
 zurich in a hurry : make the most of your stopover <sec> zurich airport 's proximity to the city and good rail link make a city visit essential on a stopover .  it 's a 10-minute trip from the airport to the town center , and trains are reliably punctual .  situated on a lake , the city has great scenery and extensive art offerings .  it was recently voted the world 's most expensive city , so look at buying a discount car .
 u.s. midsection to swelter another day in merciless heatwave <sec> new : no break from the heat monday , says the national weather service .  the national weather service declared excessive heat warnings sunday for 14 states .  high humidity has driven up heat indices , making it feel as hot as 126 degrees .  the extreme heat is forecast to move east by week 's end , affecting the east coas .
 crowds gather for saint patrick 's day festivities <sec> huge crowd attends parade in savannah .  pub patrons filed into chicago bars starting at 7 a.m. to celebrate , says one manager .  the chicago river was dyed green , as it is every year .  huge crowds pack central dublin and wave irish flag .
 when dramas , scandals strike after re-election of a president <sec> scandal engulfing petraeus has jolted obama 's national security team .  george w. bush hurt by katrina ; bill clinton was impeached .  reagan was dogged by iran/contra , and watergate ended nixon 's presidenc .
 patti smith wins national book award <sec> `` just kids '' recounts smith 's relationship with robert mapplethorpe .  the book is smith 's first memoir , but she has issued several books of poetry .  national book award winners get a check for $ 10,000 and a bronze statu .
 whatever happened to 'american idol 's ' mandisa ? <sec> former `` american idol '' star credits `` spiritual change '' for weight loss of 75 pounds .  mandisa 's second studio album is due out march 24 .  singer still watches `` idol '' and says she 's rooting for danny gokey .  mandisa says she felt called to sing christian musi .
 obama takes campaign trail overseas <sec> new : obama , 2 other senators in afghanistan ; iraq also on itinerary .  new : mccain releases ad criticizing obama on foreign policy .  democratic candidate seeks to burnish foreign policy credentials with trip .  visits planned with middle eastern , european leader .
 nepal to monitor peace process as u.n. leaves <sec> the u.n. mission in nepal was established four years ago to monitor the peace process .  it ends its mandate early sunday .  a decade-long conflict between maoist insurgents and state forces killed at least 13,00 .
 car crashes through plate glass at cnn center <sec> police allege driver was high when he drove into cnn center in downtown atlanta .  because of poles and other barriers , it 's difficult to see how driver made it into building .  gerlmy javon todd , 22 , is charged with dui , marijuana possession , reckless drivin .
 philippe cousteau presents going green : oceans <sec> environmental advocate philippe cousteau hosting a going green : oceans special .  cousteau joins team from catlin seaview survey as they map australia 's great barrier reef .  watch friday march 29 at 15:30 gmt ( 11:30 et ) .  join cousteau for twitter chat immediately after show # cousteaucn .
 under vegas glitz , a dark life in tunnels <sec> homeless population of las vegas turn to storm drains for shelter .  `` i just think the history of vegas pr is to ignore the bad issues , '' matthew o'brien says .  one man nicknamed `` iron '' says the best thing is his view of vegas strip at nigh .
 crabs 'feel and remember pain ' suggests new study <sec> new research from queen 's university says crabs feel and remember pain .  tests carried out on hermit crabs in shells that were given mild electric shocks .  author of study says crustaceans should be treated with same care as vertebrate .
 private space pioneers : we 're inheritors of apollo legacy <sec> private firms are getting close to manned , commercial spaceflight .  companies are preparing to sell suborbital flights for pleasure , science .  firms see suborbital flights as a stepping stone to orbital ventures .  bigelow aerospace is developing habitable space station .
 al qaeda conspirator resentenced to life <sec> an american convicted of being an al qaeda operative gets life sentence .  ahmed omar abu ali convicted in 2005 in possible plot against president bush .  federal appeals court ruled man 's original 30-year prison sentence was too lenient .  defense argued confessions were false , obtained through torture in saudi arabi .
 med student held without bail in possible craigslist killing <sec> not-guilty plea entered in philip markoff 's behalf in woman 's slaying in boston .  prosecutors say semiautomatic firearm found in search of student 's home .  ceo says craigslist looking for ways to make site safer in wake of killing .  e-mail from suspect 's fiancee says police have `` wrong man .
 what we know and do n't know about asiana flight 214 <sec> airline : pilot was making first landing in control of a boeing 777 at san francisco airport .  pilot had 10,000 hours of experience but only 43 hours flying time in a 777 .  an emergency vehicle ran over one of the passengers .  passengers describe the engines spooling up and the nose tilting up before impac .
