 living life from a hospital room <sec> claire wineland was born with cystic fibrosis .  wineland makes the best of the time she has to spend in the hospital .  `` hospital life ... is filled with both pain and joy in equal measures , '' she says .  wineland produces a viral video series called the clairity projec .
 'not your grandfather 's moon anymore ' <sec> nasa 's latest missions indicate the moon has changes occurring by the day and week .  space agency says the missions are rewriting lunar science text books .  discovery of water in lunar crater could boost efforts for future astronaut visits .  lunar orbiter is taking pictures of leftover material from apollo landing site .
 opinion : in digital age , recall beauty of paper <sec> bob greene : with advent of digital age , paper use and demand has dropped like rock .  in fact , by 2015 paper use could fall 21 % -- and then over 40 % more in the 15 years after .  he says new ad campaign ( you 'll likely read online ) makes plaintive case for paper 's value .  greene : one can marvel at , use digital media , but save spot in your heart for beauty of pape .
 romania impeachment vote falls short , president says <sec> new : election officials estimate turnout at 46 % .  basescu declares victory as exit polls indicate low turnout .  prime minister says basescu should consider stepping down despite result .  the embattled romanian president had urged supporters to skip sunday 's vot .
 diprivan not approved for sleep disorders <sec> diprivan renders the patient unconscious for as long as doctors deem necessary .  fda has not approved it for treating sleep disorders .  the drug has the effect of making the patient feel well-rested upon waking up .  people with food or drug allergies should alert their doctor before taking i .
 saudi arabia 's 'religious police ' assault british man and wife in riyadh <sec> video shows saudi arabia 's religious police attacking british man and his saudi wife .  the couple reportedly used a women-only cashier line at a supermarket in riyadh .  office of head of religious police ( cpvp ) says video is authentic , condemns attack as `` unacceptable '' .  cpvp says four of its members have been transferred to administrative jobs outside riyad .
 judge orders more rehab for lindsay lohan <sec> new : lindsay lohan ordered to remain in drug rehab program .  her probation officer says lohan failed a drug test in september .  lohan acknowledged in september she has a drug problem .  the actress has spent the past 24 days in drug reha .
 critics ' choice television awards announce winners <sec> allison janney wins two awards at critics ' choice television awards .  fx is most awarded network , followed by hbo .  `` fargo '' named best miniserie .
 native american fashion goes 'beyond buckskin ' <sec> new generation of designers create authentic examples of modern native fashion .  beyond buckskin blog is at heart of movement to promote native fashion .  first beyond buckskin look book features 17 designers and artists from indian country .  editor : look book is a `` indigenous response to the rip-offs being marketed in mainstream media .
 what tv stars would make in real life <sec> dexter morgan , a forensics expert from `` dexter , '' would earn $ 47,680 in real life .  walt white from `` breaking bad '' deals drugs to support his teacher 's salary .  dr. gina toll from `` in treatment '' would make $ 180,000 as a psychiatrist .  the jingle writer in `` two and a half men '' probably would n't own an oceanside vill .
 4 al qaeda leaders executed in iraq ; parliament eyes security <sec> new : four al-qaeda senior leaders are executed in iraq .  new : prime minister al-maliki declines to discuss security in an open session of parliament .  twelve people die in a suicide attack and shootings , including nine in tikrit .  163 iraqi civilians , policemen and soldiers died in marc .
 ferguson expects van der sar to retire <sec> alex ferguson expects veteran dutch goalkeeper edwin van der sar to retire .  the 40-year-old is likely to hang up his boots at the end of the current season .  manchester united have already signed danish goalkeeper anders lindegaard .  aston villa manager considers future of veteran u.s. goalkeeper brad friede .
 man overboard ? aussie tycoon insists titanic ii good idea <sec> a replica of the doomed ship will sail in 2016 , says blue star line chairman clive palmer .  titanic ii set to follow the ill-fated original 's planned route from england to new york .  palmer vows titanic ii will be the safest cruise ship in the world when it sets sai .
 3 keys to rational holiday spending <sec> suze orman says holiday shopping makes us forget our sound spending practices .  she says how we spend should reflect our financial situation in the here and now , not last year .  she says there are disciplines to maintain : pay cash , prioritize , do n't get played .  orman : stand in your truth about what you have to spend , and you will have less stres .
 iceberg is twice the size of atlanta <sec> iceberg is 255 square miles in size .  massive berg calved from glacier last year .  scientists fear it could get lost in the antarctic darknes .
 al-bashir prosecutor pushes for genocide charge <sec> luis moreno-ocampo calls for genocide to be added to al-bashir 's charges .  sudan leader already charged with war crimes , crimes against humanity .  relates to five-year campaign of violence in western sudan 's darfur region .  u.n. estimates 300,000 people have been killed in the conflic .
 north korea threatens more nuclear tests <sec> u.n. committee favors draft resolution referring n. korea to intl . .  criminal court .  the vote is merely a recommendation .  the authority to refer a country to the icc lies only with the u.n. security counci .
 jury finds florida teen guilty of impersonating a physician assistant <sec> matthew scheidt was just 17 years old when he posed as a medical professional .  he was found guilty on four of the five counts against him .  each count carries a maximum of five years in prison .  sentencing is scheduled for november 1 .
 wife of clarence thomas asks anita hill to consider an apology <sec> hill 's testimony in 1991 almost sank thomas ' supreme court nomination .  ginni thomas says she reached out to hill to extend `` an olive branch '' .  hill says she wo n't apologiz .
 nazi war crimes trial 'could be last of its kind ' <sec> expert : trial of nazi war crimes suspect john demjanjuk could be last of its kind .  leading nazis prosecuted at nuremberg but many lesser nazis escaped justice .  struggle to prosecute nazis influenced creation of international criminal court .  icc has remit to probe war crimes , genocide , crimes against humanit .
 tony lip , who played 'sopranos ' mob boss , dies <sec> tony lip , born frank vallelonga , worked at the copacabana club .  he played the head of a new york crime family in 'the sopranos ' .  he broke into movies as an extra in 'the godfather ' and had roles in other gangster films .  he also put together a cookbook of recipes from italian-american actor .
 reports of militia 's march raise fears of more violence in south sudan <sec> youths from an ethnic militia are marching for bor , days after the government retook the city .  the youths are loyal to rebel leader riek machar .  machar denies reports they are acting under his orders .  the u.n. says it is `` extremely concerned '' by the report .
 police : korean teen may have fled to syria to join isis <sec> teenager expressed interest in isis and disappeared in turkey near syria border .  south korean police found information and images of isis on teen 's compute .
 biting the bulat : football 's most controversial club owner ? <sec> chechen-born bulat chagaev is the controversial owner of neuchatel xamax .  chagaev has already sacked four coaches since taking over swiss club in may .  the club are in trouble with swiss league for failing to supply information about their finances .  chagaev is also being investigated regarding a forged bank of america documen .
 officials survey damage after strong quake jolts mexico <sec> new : `` no one has come to help us , '' says a man whose home was destroyed .  nurses treat patients in a damaged hospital 's parking lot .  interior minister : 11 people are injured nationwide .  at least 500 homes are damaged in guerrero state , the governor say .
 ice : chinese man pleads guilty in major copyright infringement case <sec> xiang li was charged with pirating software worth more than $ 100 million .  he faces sentencing in may and could receive up to 25 years in prison .  an alleged co-conspirator is believed to be in chengdu , china .  nasa electronics enginee .
 5 ces gadgets that caught our eye <sec> at a ces preview event , cnn goes searching for noteworthy gadgets .  among these are a marley-inspired portable stereo and a guitar that pairs with an ipad .  new device called dyle can put live tv on an android phone , iphone or ipa .
 $ 2 million homes burn in 'act of terror , ' developer says <sec> new : fbi investigating as act of domestic terrorism .  sign reading `` elf '' found at site of fires , fire chief says .  earth liberation front called ecoterrorist group by fb .
 nigeria bloodshed : who are boko haram ? <sec> nigeria is battling an islamist insurgency that has claimed 3,000 lives since 2009 .  boko haram is fighting for stricter sharia law in nigeria 's predominately muslim north .  rights groups have blamed both boko haram and the military for atrocities against civilians .  oil-rich nigeria is a key u.s. partner and the economic powerhouse of west afric .
 i did n't know i was undocumented <sec> david martinez was born in mexico , and thought he came to the u.s. legally .  at 14 , his parents revealed he was an undocumented immigrant .  he distanced himself from speaking spanish , playing soccer and anything mexican .  in his 20s he finally learned to embrace his mexican heritag .
 ebola-free , spanish nurse 's assistant leaves hospital <sec> husband says the couple 's dog , put down despite protests , `` was the son we never had '' .  nurse 's assistant teresa romero ramos thanks all those who helped her survive .  she describes her recovery as a miracle from god , says she will help others .  `` there is no danger whatsoever of her being contagious , '' doctor says of romer .
 facebook encouraging organ donations <sec> new : facebook says users in u.s. and u.k. can sign up .  facebook is allowing users to id themselves as potential organ donors .  mark zuckerberg says the move may `` make a big difference over time '' .  more than 114,000 people in the u.s. are awaiting organ donations , government say .
 'lionel messi is going nowhere , ' says barcelona president <sec> lionel messi is not for sale , says barcelona president .  josep maria bartomeu assumed control at barca last week .  bartomeu says the club will begin negotiations with messi over a new contract .  former president sandro rosell stepped down last wee .
 teen accused of plot to attack school on columbine anniversary <sec> monroe , new york , police say boy , 15 , had bomb materials .  police : `` he had a lot of hatred toward a lot of the kids '' at his former school .  police say boy had bottles of gasoline , a torch , black trench coat , other items .  teen had been told he resembled columbine shooter , police sa .
 mark zuckerberg deserves credit for speaking chinese <sec> mark zuckerberg deserves credit for learning mandarin , says jaime florcruz .  mastering chinese is a lifelong process and its grammar , five tones , and pictographs can be overwhelming .  chinese is now enjoying a new found popularity among language learners .  about 25,000 american students in china each year , most of them studying chinese languag .
 fewer hospital mistakes save thousands of lives <sec> an estimated 50,000 more patients are alive today that would n't be if hospitals kept making the same number of mistakes they did in 2010 .  a 2010 federal investigation had found that 27 % of medicare patients had come to some kind of harm because of the care they received at the hospital .  the biggest improvement came in the form of prescription drug errors , those were down 40 .
 2nd person dies from gulf platform blast <sec> both dead workers were from the philippines .  another filipino is missing from the november 16 explosion .  dozens of filipinos work at gulf offshore platforms .  feds say the company , black elk , must `` improve its safety performance .
 ted nugent should be in jail <sec> lz granderson : ted nugent should be tried and go to jail for insinuating he 'd kill obama .  threatening a president at a time of war needs to be taken seriously , lz writes .  lz : consider that we have highest rate of civilian gun ownership in the world .  lz : this disrespects the office : it 's wrong if it 's directed at a gop president to .
 24 arrested in london student tuition protest <sec> the protest is over increased tuition fees .  thousands of students were expected to attend , authorities say .  police deploy 4,000 officers in central londo .
 john king : why benghazi matters <sec> white house complains of investigations but its reluctant responses contribute to gop charge .  republicans have undermined their claims of oversight that democrats call a witch hunt .  possible presidential candidates ' involvement makes 2016 jockeying a factor .  former cia director says there is still a lack of clarity on what biggest security lapses wer .
 the lessons of neville longbottom <sec> matthew lewis takes inspiration from his character neville longbottom .  j.k. rowling said he portrayed the longbottom character just as she imagined him .  according to lewis , american fans of harry potter are louder than u.k. fan .
 why i decided to circumcise my sons <sec> heather aimee o'neill and her partner thoroughly researched circumcision .  in the end , she says , the medical research helped her make the decision .  they repeated their consideration with the birth of their second son .  o'neill believes circumcising their sons was the right decisio .
 south korea pulls plug on late-night adolescent online gamers <sec> the `` cinderella law '' blocks under-16 gamers from accessing sites after midnight .  a 2010 survey found nearly 14 % of 9-to-12-year-olds in south korea are internet addicts .  a court challenge is in the works .  one argument is that the ban discriminates , does n't cover activities such as watching tv or movie .
 14 killed in french polynesia air crash <sec> air moorea aircraft crashes after takeoff in moorea island , en route to papeete .  police say 14 bodies recovered ; all 20 people aboard 'feared dead ' .  papeete authorities say victims include two tourists and two european officials .  air moorea says it had never had an accident in its 35-year histor .
 haitians seek cash as banks stay closed <sec> quake survivors are waiting hours outside wire transfer businesses .  banks have remained closed since the january 12 earthquake .  basic groceries are easy to find , but people ca n't access their money to buy them .  officials say provincial banks will likely open friday ; port-au-prince branches saturda .
 librarians : masters of the info universe <sec> it 's national library week ; past library workers include world leaders and a famous lover .  `` star wars '' creator george lucas has his own research library on his skywalker ranch . .  the chief librarian of basra , iraq , removed 30,000 books from library before it was destroyed .  a librarian found one of beethoven 's final compositions at palmer theologica .
 nude scarlett johansson pic , hacking celebs ' e-mail gets man 10 years in prison <sec> christopher chaney , 36 , stole nude photos , info from celebrities ' e-mail .  federal judge sends `` hackerazzi '' defendant to prison for wiretapping guilty pleas .  `` it just happened and snowballed , '' chaney says of his celeb e-mail hacking .  guard your passwords and information , a prosecutor warn .
 hacker group lulzsec downplays arrest , claims brazil attack <sec> lulzsec says it attacked the brazilian government website , which is down .  it says police are `` so desperate to catch us '' they nabbed someone `` mildly associated '' with lulzsec .  the hacker 's computers to be examined for information related to uk police , cia and sony hacks .  the suspect is linked to attacks on international businesses and intelligence agencies , police sa .
 obama signs health care bill ; senate takes up house changes <sec> `` we are not a nation that scales back its aspirations , '' he says ; others vow to fight law .  attorneys general from 13 states file a lawsuit against the measure .  obama to travel to iowa to continue sales pitch to still-skeptical public .  package of changes to bill still needs senate approval ; gop could delay it ther .
 bring drones out of the shadows <sec> john brennan 's confirmation hearing is a chance to ask about drone program , author says .  sarah holewinski : brennan is one of a few officials who knows full story on drones .  she says senators need to ask about damage drone program does to civilians , u.s. reputation .  holewinski : cia should hand over drone program to defense departmen .
 shell halts arctic drill plans for 2013 <sec> one environmental group says company should `` end this folly '' .  shell wo n't resume arctic drilling in 2013 .  company taking the year `` to prepare equipment and plans '' for another time .  project had been widely criticized by environmental group .
 uab chief : gulf states will tax eventually <sec> gulf states are said to be considering plans for a value added tax ( vat ) by 2015 .  youssif also expects a good year for arab banks , estimating that net profits will grow at 15 % .  the union of arab banks , headquartered in beirut , lebanon , was setup in 197 .
 source : israel suspends soldier after 2 palestinians die in shooting <sec> source : israeli military suspends soldier connected to shooting incident .  2 palestinian teens killed as a result of shooting in west bank village on may 15 .  israeli defense force says they only used tear gas and rubber bullet .
 ebola virus reaches nigeria 's biggest city , lagos <sec> a liberian man who was quarantined in lagos , nigeria , dies of ebola .  lagos has more than 20 million residents .  the current outbreak of ebola virus is the deadliest ever , health officials say .  the outbreak has been centered in guinea , sierra leone and liberi .
 doha 's treasure trove of islamic history <sec> doha museum houses antiquities spanning 14 centuries and three continents .  earliest surviving koran , shah jahan 's jade pendant among treasures .  architect i.m . .  pei designed the modern building based on ibn tulun mosque in cair .
 india : where politics and property collide <sec> defterios : lack of infrastructure is holding back private sector .  difficult for industry to expand in uncertain economic climate .  industry in mumbai is leaving the city to cheaper locations .  strategists and developers need to address the 'bits in between .
 republicans pause on partisanship : 'a day we can all come together ' <sec> house majority leader eric cantor : `` today is a day for all of us in this country to come together '' .  senate minority leader mitch mcconnell : `` the president 's second term represents a fresh start '' .  obama : `` we can not mistake absolutism for principle , or substitute spectacle for politics '' .  cantor : `` hopefully that kind of cooperative spirit can continue .
 new york after sandy : a tale of two cities <sec> cnn 's kat kinsman finds her beloved new york city in dire straits after superstorm sandy .  those with power and amenities can do only so much to help less fortunate neighbors .  the divide is stark between those able to communicate and residents who are shut off .  kinsman invited residents to share sandy impressions using the hashtag # sandy5word .
 shuttle discovery set for nighttime launch <sec> discovery scheduled to launch at 1:36 a.m . .  et tuesday .  cape canaveral has 80 percent chance of acceptable weather for launch .  shuttle to deliver equipment to international space station .  astronaut nicole stott will remain on the space station as a flight enginee .
 cnn student news transcript : november 12 , 2009 <sec> find out some topics that president obama plans to address on a trip to asia .  hear the story of a late pakistani janitor who is being hailed as a hero .  visit a class reunion that brought former students together for the first time .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 obama pushes small-business job growth in new hampshire <sec> new : town hall participants give warm reception to small-business lending fund plan .  new : they also ask about education , energy , government openness , health care .  plan would lend tarp money to community banks that boost small-business loans .  obama carried new hampshire in 2008 general election , but support may be slippin .
 hbo star robert brown lawsuit accuses nypd , macy 's of racial profiling <sec> robert brown of hbo 's `` treme '' says he was accused of credit card fraud while shopping .  he files a class-action suit on behalf of others in the same situation .  brown is 4th person to say they were targeted this year after shopping in new yor .
 opinion : the maya angelou i knew <sec> country singer martina mcbride remembers her friend and mentor maya angelou .  angelou -- a poet , author , actress and activist -- died last week at 86 .  celebrities from oprah to michelle obama gathered saturday for services in north carolin .
 congressional hearing expected to examine practices at tylenol plant <sec> drug company has recalled products 4 times in 7 months .  recalls include children 's version of tylenol and motrin .  johnson and johnson shut down plant , outlines steps to remedy lapses .  for more information on recalled products , go to the mcneill recall sit .
