 commentary : t-shirt depicts 'pathetic and brutal legacy ' <sec> the colombian army infiltrated highest level of terror group to free 15 hostages .  beck : uniform of choice when fooling terrorists in colombia is che guevara t-shirt .  che , who was a `` revered superhero , '' was n't even a good revolutionary , beck says .  beck : instead of glorifying him , che t-shirt could depict `` pathetic and brutal legacy .
 homemade bomb causes fire outside planned parenthood clinic <sec> explosive device was found around 7:40 p.m. sunday at clinic in wisconsin .  the appleton north health center is closed at the time .  it will reopen to staff and patients tuesday , organization say .
 australian open : djokovic outlasts murray for fifth title <sec> novak djokovic beats andy murray in the australian open final .  the world no . .  1 wins in four sets after a punishing first two sets .  djokovic becomes the second man to claim five oz titles .  murray loses his fourth australian open fina .
 mississippi ag takes barbour pardons back to state 's high court <sec> attorney general jim hood petitions mississippi supreme court for a rehearing .  hood argues the pardons violated victims ' `` private personal rights '' .  former gov . .  haley barbour issued some 200 pardons in his last days in office .  `` our constitutional rights were violated , '' says sister of one murder victi .
 police : gardener admits killing gay rights activist in uganda <sec> murder suspect enock nsubuga was arrested wednesday .  ugandan police say he confessed to killing activist david kato in a botched robbery .  police chief claims killing is n't hate crime , blasts reports for fueling aggression against gays .  kato said he felt threatened , especially after a 2010 article with the banner `` hang them .
 war 's most vulnerable : how to stop child rape <sec> sexual violence is often treated as a private tragedy with a public stigma , carolyn miles says .  a save the children report found that in post-conflict syria , 80 % of victims were children .  the g8 has pledged new funds dedicated to preventing sexual violence in places of conflict .  giving proper resources to tackle the problem is a bold first step , miles say .
 no time for retirement : ripken staying busy <sec> ripken played in 2,632 consecutive mlb games .  now runs baseball organization with brother bill .  former shortstop has written several books , hosts radio sho .
 fuji circuit to stop hosting japan grand prix <sec> fuji international speedway circuit will stop hosting the japanese grand prix .  the toyota-owned track staged the formula one race in both 2007 and 2008 .  suzuka will stage the race this year but it was due to return to fuji in 201 .
 'barefoot bandit ' movie casting speculation begins <sec> source : it 's important to choose an actor who resembles the bandit .  one casting director says `` percy jackson '' star logan lerman should play the role .  the movie will most likely follow the tone of `` catch me if you can , '' a source say .
 does japanese artist 's arrest prove her point ? <sec> japan detains artist known for creating works inspired by female genitalia .  megumi igarashi , 42 , is being held on charges of distributing obscene data .  igarashi says her own insecurities and desire to shatter taboos inspire her wor .
 top senator : obama did n't know of u.s. spying on germany 's leader - cnnpolitics.com <sec> review under way of how intelligence operates outside of the country , obama says .  feinstein says washington stops surveillance of allies , administration says not totally accurate .  sources differ on when the white house learned of foreign leader phone taps .  white house learned of foreign leader phone taps only this summe .
 a proud day for bipartisan deliberation <sec> paul sracic says whatever your political bent , you can celebrate supreme court 's decision .  he says it 's evidence that there 's still an american institution that is not nakedly partisan .  he says a career republican , the chief justice , cast deciding vote on dem obama 's law .  sracic : the example of bipartisan deliberation was much needed in today 's political climat .
 guest worker issue may kill immigration reform <sec> ruben navarrette : congress may not pass immigration reform this year .  navarrette : what the plan needs is a guest worker program , which republicans want .  he says congress can create a guest worker program where laborers are not exploited .  navarrette : if agriculture want reliable workers to do the dirty and hard jobs , there is a cos .
 box office report : 'expendables 2 ' shoots to the top with $ 28.8 million <sec> `` the expendables 2 '' debuted well this weekend .  `` the bourne legacy '' came in second place .  the remake `` sparkle made $ 12.0 millio .
 apple kills the ipod classic <sec> apple has discontinued the ipod classic .  not updated since 2009 , the classic looked much like the original ipod .  it had 160 gb of storage , enough for 40,000 songs .  it was removed from apple 's website during tuesday 's iphone , apple watch even .
 diplomat : confidential report finds iran shipping arms to syria <sec> at least 20 people are killed thursday , an opposition group says .  13 `` martyrs '' are buried thursday , syria said .  a draft report says two shipments of weapons bound for syria have been seized .  u.s. government denies report it is helping supply arms to rebel .
 deval patrick : democrats lost because obama ca n't communicate <sec> outgoing massachusetts gov . .  deval patrick blames president barack obama for 2014 losses .  patrick says obama failed to highlight the positive economic growth to voters .  hillary clinton should n't be seen as the inevitable 2016 democratic presidential candidate , he add .
 obama to take his case on syria to american people on tuesday <sec> new : house gop leader cantor tells members to expect a vote in the next two weeks .  president obama : the united states has a responsibility to act as a global leader .  obama refuses to directly answer if he 'll attack syria without congressional support .  `` the american people have gone through a lot '' in wars of past decade , obama say .
 ref apologizes to beaten dortmund <sec> referee admits he was wrong to send off borussia dortmund player .  marcel schmelzer was red-carded for handball in 3-2 defeat by wolfsburg .  wolfsburg scored from penalty as champions fell 14 points behind bayern munich .  bayern went 11 points clear of second-placed bayer leverkusen after saturday 's wi .
 amc apologizes for 'walking dead ' spoiler <sec> amc posted a spoiler after sunday 's airing of the show .  fans were angry that a character death was revealed .  on monday the network apologize .
 opinion : to get something done , put a woman in charge <sec> hanna rosin : a leader guiding a nation to prosperity ? .  obama ? .  no , angela merkel in germany .  she says news full of dithering male leaders , while a woman has been picked to head the fed .  she says competence in global leadership belongs to women like imf chief christine lagarde .  rosin : this may be the week when the world realizes women are better at the hel .
 cher q & a ; : on her new tour , 'sloppy ' miley , and leather jackets <sec> cher has announced her `` dressed to kill '' tour to launch in march .  she declined to perform at the 2014 olympics in sochi because of russia 's stance on gays .  performer says she will wear skimpy costumes as long as she ca .
 mixing sushi and samba - meet the japanese brazilians <sec> brazil is home to 1.8 million people of japanese descent .  it is the largest diaspora community outside of japan .  they first came to brazil in 1908 to work as laborers on coffee plantations .  however most gained an education and relative wealth within one generatio .
 reports : mother 's arrest may be l.a. arson motive <sec> new : harry burkhart 's mother has no lawful immigration status , ice says .  dorothee burkhart is wanted in germany on 19 fraud counts .  lapd arrests her during a traffic stop on an extradition warrant a day before the first hollywood fires .  52 fires cause $ 3 million damage in the los angeles are .
 the best twitter jokes about amazon 's drones <sec> jokesters flock to twitter to make fun of amazon 's drone-delivery plan .  the online retailer wants to use unmanned aerial vehicles to deliver package .
 u.s. , other foreign schools in middle east threatened <sec> a post on a jihadist website encourages attacks against foreign teachers .  embassies say they are not aware of any specific , credible threat .  a u.s. embassy suggests avoiding crowds and keeping a low profile in publi .
 mcilroy aims for recovery in abu dhabi <sec> rory mcilroy endured a difficult first day in abu dhabi following round of three-over-par .  world no.1 used his nike clubs for first time since signing bumper pay deal .  tiger woods finishes level for the day after carding a 72 .  justin rose and jamie donaldson lead the way on five-under after first roun .
 cnn student news - september 2 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 behind the scenes : triumph and tragedy for two wounded soldiers <sec> cnn 's barbara starr celebrated a victory and mourned a loss on july 15 .  an injured marine was celebrating getting into harvard law school .  on same night , a warrior with a traumatic brain injury was found dead in his car .  men 's stories are linked -- both pleaded with the government to aid injured soldier .
 israeli in facebook incident dismisses criticism <sec> `` eden from ashdod '' says she has apologized to those she hurt .  she said the pictures had no political message .  one commentator regrets that she does n't understand what she did wron .
 'get on up ' : chadwick boseman brings the funk <sec> chadwick boseman portrays james brown in the biopic `` get on up '' .  critics are praising his performance .  at first the actor did n't want to take the role .  at least one critic raises the possibility of an oscar no .
 louisiana woman faked hate crime , police say <sec> the woman was found in a park in winnsboro , louisiana .  she suffered burns over 90 % of her body and said she was set afire by three men .  police said evidence found in the park points to `` a self-inflicted incident .
 taking on the taliban : squash star pleads for rackets not guns <sec> pakistani maria toorpakai wazir battled taliban persecution to indulge her love of squash .  the 22-year-old grew up in the ultra-conservative region near border with afghanistan .  maria and her father suffered death threats for pursuing her dream of playing squash .  she now is training with former world number one jonathon power at his academy in canad .
 cnn witnesses successful anti-isis operation by kurds <sec> u.s. airstrikes hit southwest of baghdad for a second day , military says .  u.s. warplanes provide support ; peshmerga reclaim villages .  isis claims to have shot down a syrian military fighter jet .  comminuqué : international fight against isis will continue `` by any means necessary .
 enraged mother stands by daughter , allegedly raped by gadhafi 's men <sec> eman al-obeidy 's mother says she could strangle gadhafi for her daughter 's mistreatment .  the libyan government tries to discredit her as un-islamic .  al-obeidy has not been seen in public since saturday 's incident .  it 's no small thing for a woman to claim rape in a conservative muslim society , analyst say .
 adam goodes : aboriginal afl star calls out racists <sec> adam goodes is a leading afl player who has battled against racism .  he is the most-capped indigenous player in the australian sport .  the 34-year-old has won two afl titles and been named top player twice .  goodes has helped sydney into 2014 playoffs as minor premiership winne .
 verizon 's 4g network leaves other carriers in the dust <sec> rootmetrics performed a study to determine how each network 's 4g speeds are holding up .  findings showed verizon 's lte network performed at a 100 percent data-success rate .  verizon 's average upload speeds were faster than every other carrier 's average download speed .
 uva rape story : 'no substantive basis ' for allegations <sec> police : no evidence found to support claims made by uva student that she was raped .  an independent review by a journalism school dean is underwa .
 aid workers moved to safety amid south sudan violence <sec> oxfam says its workers reported hours of bombing and heavy artillery in south sudan .  the aerial bombardment comes a day after a refugee camp was bombed .  the eu foreign policy chief urges the sudanese armed forces to halt its air attack .
 sludge cleanup begins in hungary as search for victims goes on <sec> 4 people dead , 6 missing , 116 injured in southwest hungary .  workers use metal sticks to poke for more victims .  flow may reach the danube rive .
 ban mcgwire from baseball <sec> steve wilstein broke the story of mark mcgwire 's use of the drug andro .  wilstein says it 's too late to excuse mcgwire for damage he did to baseball .  wilstein says the drugs did n't give mcgwire his swing and coordination .  but he says steroids did give mcgwire a shortcut to greatnes .
 energy secretary resigning from obama cabinet <sec> new : obama lauds chu for plugging the gulf oil leak .  steven chu says he will stay on until late february or beyond .  chu is a nobel prize winning physicist .  critics blamed chu for failed government investments in clean energy developmen .
 readability gives free online news inbox with upcoming apple apps <sec> readability is making its news-inbox free .  the company will also release free apps for the iphone and ipad .  the service , like rivals instapaper and read it later , lets users save article .
 african couples urged to get hiv 'love test ' <sec> couples in swaziland are being urged to get the hiv 'love test ' together .  tests can be useless if partners are not aware of the others ' hiv status .  only one in four know their hiv status and 26 percent in swaziland are hiv positive .  the charity wanted to avoid the traditional fear mongering that surrounds hiv testin .
 driver makes dramatic underwater escape after bridge collapses <sec> woman escapes from car ; another jogs under bridge moments before collapse .  woman 's car found at disaster site ; she 's safe at work .  number of people actually missing still unclear .  first lady laura bush visits minneapolis ; president to visit saturda .
 opinion : hillary clinton and the experience trap <sec> julian zelizer : hillary clinton could be an excellent presidential candidate in 2016 .  zelizer : but clinton has to be careful , as her experience can turned into a liability by rivals .  he says clinton needs to sell her skills as well as keep her candidacy exciting and fresh .  zelizer : the former first lady has an impressive story to tell but ca n't let others define he .
 long island house fire kills mother , 3 kids <sec> a mother and her three children were killed in a fire .  jennifer mccusker apparently was trying to rescue the children .  she appeared to have been taking her 2-year-olds out of their crib .
 republican challenger defeats begich in alaska senate race <sec> republican dan sullivan defeated democratic sen. mark begich in alaska .  republicans will now have at least 53 seats in senate next year .  begich was the fourth democratic incumbent to lose a senate seat this cycl .
 'terror babies ' : the new immigration scare tactic <sec> two texas republicans claim the 14th amendment could aid terrorist goals to attack u.s . .  ruben navarrette says the `` terror babies '' fear is groundless .  he says it 's the latest scare tactic being used to whip up a frenzy over immigration .  navarrette : let 's have a debate about immigration on the merits , not on fantas .
 5 killed in yemen clashes <sec> five people die in the yemeni city of taiz .  four of those killed were civilians , observers say .  the heaviest clashes took place in the mountain region of manakha .  manakha is considered a stronghold for anti government fighter .
 who was nurse jacintha saldanha ? <sec> friends of jacintha saldanha in india say she was a generous , caring woman .  her family has paid tribute to `` a loving mother and a loving wife '' .  nurses who trained with her say she was confident and a bold decision-maker .  `` we are not able to digest the news about her death , '' a family friend say .
 blue bell shuts down plant after listeria find <sec> a test in kansas finds listeria in a blue bell ice cream cup .  the company announces it is temporarily shutting a plant to check for the source .  three people in kansas have died from a listeria outbrea .
 obama 's approval rating high , but will it last ? <sec> 64 percent of americans in various polls approve of obama 's work so far .  rating is similar to recent predecessors ' around 100-day mark .  approval tends to slip later in the year , cnn polling director say .
 stop isis from recruiting americans ( opinion ) <sec> isis is encouraging americans to join its cause to take up arms in syria and iraq .  stevan weine : we must find ways to prevent this threat from taking root in our communities .  he says the key is to stop young people from acquiring radicalized beliefs .  weine : communities in the u.s. are partnering with muslim groups to promote public safet .
 did one woman 's pot go up in smoke ? <sec> elvy musikka , 71 , says the post office lost an overnight delivery of her marijuana .  she has glaucoma and says the pot helps relax her eyes .  her attorney in florida , norman kent , says he made a mistake on the zip code .  the u.s . .  postal service is looking for the shipment , kent say .
 can london compete with silicon valley ? <sec> technology journalist stuart miles has picked his uk companies to watch .  big data , 3d , predictive messages and augmented reality companies are in focus .  the companies are being promoted as part of london technology week .  its aim is to show the world the city can compete with the likes of silicon valle .
 high court says victim 's dying words can be used in court <sec> the court 's ruling centers on the use of the slain victim 's words in the trial .  michigan murder conviction had been overturned because the dying words were used .  in 6-2 ruling , supreme court says that the words were admissibl .
 fbi agent drowns trying to save swimmer in puerto rico <sec> special agent daniel knapp drowned helping a struggling swimmer .  he reached the 18-year-old and was assisting him , but was overcome by waves .  a police boat reached the swimmer and he was pulled to safety .  knapp `` exemplified each of the ideals of the fbi , '' field office chief say .
 fukushima : the long road home after 2011 disaster <sec> operation to clean up irradiated areas around fukushima nuclear plant continues .  original 20-kilometer ( 12-mile ) exclusion zone around crippled facility remains .  residents only allowed access to outer parts of this area for limited periods .  new radioactive leaks at plant continue to cause concern two and a half years o .
 10 best moments from marketplace africa <sec> launched 100 weeks ago , marketplace africa brings african business news to the global audience . .  the show traveled extensively across the continent to deliver news from a fresh perspective . .  the show will carry on producing exciting and excellent content about business in africa .
 rookie sensation marc marquez closes in on motogp title <sec> with four races remaining , marc marquez leads the motogp standings by 39 points .  marquez won the aragon grand prix on sunday after catching jorge lorenzo .  marquez and teammate dani pedrosa made contact and pedrosa later crashed .  the next three races are in malaysia , australia and japan before the valencia final .
 opinion : liz cheney a tough sell in wyoming <sec> timothy stanley : running for senate , liz cheney misstepped over fishing license .  he says in her challenge to sen. mike enzi , many see her as outsider to wyoming .  he says her connection is mostly through dad ; she 's national figure , not local .  stanley : her no-compromise conservatism a tough sel .
 foreigners undeterred by violence in acapulco <sec> the tourist mecca has seen its murder rate soar due to drug violence .  spring breakers were no-shows this year .  but foreigners who live in acapulco say they feel safe ; real estate values remain strong .  `` once you 're here , you wo n't want to leave , '' says an american resident of acapulc .
 army major general , troops quarantined after ebola aid trip <sec> 30 u.s. soldiers will join a group of approximately 10 in italy already under quarantine . .  the pentagon is using the term `` controlled monitoring , '' which effectively a quarantine . .  there 's no indication that anyone on the team has symptoms of ebola . .  it 's unclear why they 're undergoing this kind of monitoring , which is not pentagon policy .
