 10 'secret ' south african experiences <sec> arty expeditions into johannesburg 's center uncover a city with an energy of its own .  south africa is home to the cradle of humankind , where our ancestors lived 3 million years ago .  the midlands , the wild coast and the garden route offer exceptional scenic adventure .
 fbi names bank robbery suspect featured on billboards <sec> chad schaffner named suspect in 10 bank robberies in four states .  identification came after surveillance images posted on billboards in the south .  fbi : woman alleges schaffner threatened to kill her children in tennessee .  surveillance images from robberies show man with no mas .
 violence threatened at madonna concerts in russia , embassy warns <sec> new : a verdict will be announced later in the case of a jailed punk rock band .  a threat about a st. petersburg concert prompts the embassy 's warning .  a spokeswoman for the singer says concerts are going on as scheduled .  madonna performs before crowds in moscow , supporting jailed punk rocker .
 was that guy hot for my baby bump ? <sec> cnn 's shanon cook remembers men flirting with her while she was pregnant .  sex educators say the attraction is not uncommon .  experts say it might be because women find new confidence during pregnancy .  another theory : men know pregnant women are able to reproduc .
 u.s. studios seek inroads into bollywood as industry turns 100 <sec> bollywood celebrates its centenary this month .  us studios are vying for a share of the indian film market .  film revenues in india projected to reach $ 3.6bn over next four year .
 obama flies home to new political war in washington - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama stakes out defiant tone toward gop .  the white house readies executive action on immigration .  republicans puzzle over how to respon .
 2011 's most memorable style moments <sec> pippa middleton wowed the world in a form-fitting alexander mcqueen gown .  missoni 's capsule collection for target caused a shopping frenzy .  jennifer lopez triumphantly returned to the spotlight this yea .
 ryder cup : how winning putt revived martin kaymer 's career <sec> martin kaymer holed the crucial winning putt for europe at 2012 ryder cup .  completed remarkable comeback against u.s. at medinah .  kaymer has since won the 2014 u.s. open title .  shares three of this season 's four majors with rory mcilro .
 fallout continues from police actions in ferguson <sec> two st. louis-area cops resign or retire following questionable actions related to ferguson protests .  three officers have either been fired , resigned or retired because of their conduct , officials say .  one officer threatened and pointed rifle at protesters ; another retired after video rant about supreme court , muslims .  third officer was fired for making inappropriate facebook post .
 argentinian incumbent heads toward re-election <sec> new : preliminary results give the incumbent a comfortable lead .  cristina fernandez de kirchner went into sunday 's vote as the undisputed front-runner .  fernandez supporters crowd the plaza de mayo .  fernandez , 58 , has said her second term will be dedicated to her late husband 's memory .
 wanted : 850 new fbi agents <sec> fbi goes on biggest hiring blitz since 9/11 .  postings on www.fbijobs.gov seek 850 agents , 2,100 support staffers .  retirements , attrition responsible for openings , fbi say .
 video game consoles : which should you buy ? <sec> console gamers have lots of choices this holiday season .  the playstation 4 has dynamic graphics , improved controllers and middle-of-pack pricing .  xbox one is an entertainment hub with a smooth interface .  wii u is most affordable and has a year 's worth of games to choose fro .
 cruise ship passengers sickened on luxury liners <sec> the royal caribbean 's grandeur of the seas was struck during back-to-back cruises ending saturday .  that wo n't stop it from setting off saturday for a third cruise .  norovirus is a common cause of diarrhea and vomiting among cruise ship passengers .  it causes as many as 800 u.s. deaths per year , cdc say .
 do n't expect boehner to totally change his tune <sec> john boehner blasted conservative groups this week over the budget .  he pushed through spending compromise that averts shutdown with big support .  some hope boehner 's planning to embrace more bipartisanship , especially on immigration .  but there are those who say bohener is not changing his overall postur .
 top senator questions need for phone records <sec> new : nsa director repeats his statement that surveillance network thwarted 54 terror plots .  sen. leahy : classified details show phone records had little role in stopping terror attacks .  the director of national intelligence releases details of surveillance programs .  new : the latest snowden leak details a broad internet surveillance progra .
 anti-drugs chief hits out at winehouse , moss <sec> u.n. anti-drugs chief denounces celebrities amy winehouse and kate moss .  maria costa says their alleged drug use is helping devastate west africa .  the u.n. has spoken out on the issue twice in two weeks .  winehouse 's spokesman says the u.n. should `` get its own house in order .
 two coast guard members shot dead on alaskan island <sec> schools on kodiak island were given the all-clear at 1 p.m. , an official says .  two coast guard members are killed at their station on that island in the gulf of alaska .  the coast guard has given few details , saying it 's trying to find out what happene .
 why prison gangs are n't all bad <sec> new bilibid prison in the philippines has around 14,200 inmates , more than twice its capacity .  gangs dominate prison culture , but their influence is not all bad , authors say .  philippines is planning to build a new maximum security prison to reduce congestion .  authors say modernization will fail if resources are n't allocated to replacing gang service .
 roger ebert , chatroulette honored at webby awards <sec> the webby awards honor internet sensations .  the 14th annual awards ceremony was held monday in new york .  roger ebert received the person of the year award for his blog .  chatroulette.com 's founder got the breakout of the year awar .
 passenger says tsa agents harassed him <sec> passenger questioned about large amount of cash .  he says the money was from sale of political merchandise .  aclu is suing homeland security secretary on behalf of passenger .  tsa says movement of large sums of cash may be investigate .
 this week in ireport : afghanistan views and one giant condom <sec> ireporters weighed in on president obama 's afghanistan plan .  effects of a major industrial disaster were still being felt 25 years later .  shoppers camped out to take advantage of black friday .  tell your stories at cnn irepor .
 opinion : 'bring me your puppies ! ' <sec> john sutter responds to criticism of his column on the ethics of eating dog .  sutter : `` to be clear , i 'm not saying people should eat dog '' .  `` i 'm saying we should rethink what we eat and why '' .  social media `` explodes '' over a tweet about the column , as the week put i .
 businesses are using big data to outsmart rivals <sec> big data deemed as the 'new oil ' according to experts .  businesses who ignore the power of big data may fall behind .  amazon and netflix are leading the big data revolution , analyzing customer data to predict what they 'll want to buy in the futur .
 how to avoid a ticket for 'talking and driving ' <sec> police in six states can now give you a ticket for talking on your cell phone .  nhtsa : distracted drivers cause 80 percent of all road accidents .  you can get a fine for texting if officer believes you have become distracted .  ford has sync -- a voice-activated communication and entertainment syste .
 letter : no charges in firing of 9 u.s. attorneys during bush years <sec> the firing of nine u.s. attorneys during the bush administration was a major controversy .  then-attorney general alberto gonzales ultimately resigned .  the justice department has decided not to charge gonzales or other bush officials in the firing .
 no major injuries in michigan train derailment <sec> an amtrak train and a vehicle `` made contact '' at a highway crossing .  two rail cars came off the tracks .  no life-threatening injuries were reported , officials sa .
 friends fear for 'gentle ' man sent to uzbek labor camp <sec> abdul dadahanov jailed in uzbekistan , accused of extremist religious activities .  american family recalls how the man wanted to aid healing after 9/11 .  rights groups say dadahanov is victim of crackdown on `` independent muslims '' .  friends in the u.s. fear for health of `` gentle , kind '' man in uzbek prison .
 ozzy osbourne : i 'm living on borrowed time <sec> ozzy osbourne says he is lucky to be alive after years of drug and alcohol abuse .  during a cnn interview , osbourne says he played russian roulette with sex .  osbourne has a new autobiography out called `` i am ozzy '' .  osbourne was the former front man for black sabbat .
 'two second ' safety guideline for cars of the future <sec> u.s. asks automakers to equip cars with electronics that require only a glance to operate .  distracted driving is top priority for transportation secretary ray lahood .  dot says texting and web browsing should be allowed only when vehicle is stopped and in park .  guidelines voluntary for industry , which is stocking cars with electronics as key selling poin .
 bomb blasts kill 64 as violence surges in iraq <sec> official : at least 35 people killed and 65 wounded in a double suicide bombing .  bombers struck the city of tal afar in nineveh province .  tal afar bombings occurred a day after attacks on mainly shiite targets in nineve .
 cuddling convention happens on valentine 's day <sec> cuddle con happens on valentine 's day .  the convention aims to promote platonic cuddling in a positive light .  platonic touch between friends and partners can promote healthier relationship .
 opinion : muslims and extremists -- we 're not the same <sec> it 's depressing to witness the branding of all muslims as the `` same , '' writes lauren booth .  booth : muslims are labeled as sharing the values of groups that do not represent our faith .  extremist jihadist groups have focused its killing on muslims first and foremost , she writes .  one ingredient for a long-term solution is the ideal of `` fairness , '' she say .
 ex-espn writer says slur was 'honest mistake ' <sec> former espn employee anthony federico tells the new york daily news , `` i 'm so sorry '' .  he wrote a headline that included the phrase `` chink in the armor '' .  basketball sensation jeremy lin did not think the slur was on purpose and does not care anymore .  federico tells the paper he is proud of his career at esp .
 senate confirms clapper as intelligence chief <sec> the vote comes before the senate 's august recess .  clapper , a retired air force lieutenant general , is the fourth person in the position .  he succeeds dennis blair , who was pressured to resign because of difference with the white hous .
 house republicans vote , again , to repeal health care law <sec> five democrats join the republican majority in passing the repeal measure .  the repeal measure has no chance of passing the senate .  the vote is the latest of more than 30 house gop attempts to undermine obamacare .  democrats say the vote is a wasted effort since the supreme court rulin .
 murray overcomes heat factor <sec> andy murray struggled with the humidity during his victory over world number 199 john millman .  u.s.open champion eventually prevailed in three sets at brisbane international .  john isner faces race against time to be fit for australian open following knee injury .  serena williams to face victoria azarenka in semifinals at brisban .
 how a cell phone picture led to girl 's suicide <sec> hope witsell was bullied after she `` sexted '' picture of her breasts to boyfriend .  students harrassed her on myspace and started `` hope hater page '' online .  in september 2009 , hope killed herself in her room .  sister discovered bullying continued even after hope 's deat .
 the restaurateur who swapped a thug life for a kitchen knife <sec> when benny se teo was released from prison it was impossible to find a job .  so he decided to start his own chain of restaurants , eighteen chefs .  now he gives ex-offenders the chance he never had by employing the .
 minnesota fire shrouds great lakes in smoke <sec> new : minnesota 's pagami creek fire grows to more than 100,000 acres .  new : a smoky haze stretches as far south as milwaukee .  minnesota 's governor has sent national guard helicopters to assist firefighters .  the fire 's spread is `` unprecedented '' for the area , a spokeswoman say .
 recaptured cobra doing well , zoo director says <sec> recaptured cobra appears to be doing well , bronx zoo director says .  she will be watched for a week then returned to display .  the zoo plans a naming contest for the snak .
 violence against women act shines a light on same-sex abuse <sec> members of the lgbt community suffer domestic violence at higher rates than straights .  many of those hurt struggle to find support resources to leave bad relationships .  reauthorized violence against women act includes lgbt americans .  anti-same-sex-marriage groups see the move as a blow , while advocates think it 's a boo .
 how to land a top job on wall street <sec> edith cooper is executive vice president of investment banking firm goldman sachs .  since joining in 1996 , cooper has worked her way up the ranks .  she is also global head of human capital management in charge of finding new talen .
 what is the muslim brotherhood ? <sec> the muslim brotherhood was formed in egypt by hassan al-banna in 1928 .  in the 1940s , the group was blamed for violent attacks and it went underground in the 1950s .  in the 1980s , it attempted to join the mainstream political process , but it was banned .  in 2005 , it won 20 % of the seats in parliamentary elections , running as independent .
 are driverless cars an accident waiting to happen ? <sec> the uk government has announced a £10 million fund to research driverless cars .  transport minister claire perry says the technology could be `` transformational '' .  but james foxall says driverless cars are programed but humans are random .  driverless cars sharing the road with human-driven vehicles could be chaotic , he say .
 flight 370 : investigators still guessing as underwater search begins <sec> new : two naval vessels begin the underwater search using listening technology .  they focus on the `` area of highest probability '' of where the plane may have hit water .  the overall search resumes friday with nearly two dozen ships and aircraft .  the search is `` the most difficult in human history , '' australia 's tony abbott say .
 military : up to 30,000 new troops to be sent to afghanistan <sec> 20,000 in four ground/maneuvering brigades , said u.s. forces spokesman .  the additional 10,000 likely refers to support personnel , said spokesman .  on friday , defense secretary ordered 3,000 troops to afghanistan for next yea .
 old-school portraits see resurgence online <sec> the portrait , a centuries-old art form , is finding new life with the masses online .  some people pay artists to paint their facebook profile pictures and twitter icons .  free web sites generate cartoon pictures of people for use in social media .  researcher says portraits are necessary stand-ins for people onlin .
 face transplant patient regains self-confidence <sec> face transplant recipient can now eat solid foods , smell , breathe out of nose .  the patient received her new face in one graft from a donor cadaver in december .  skin on surface of a person 's back is not large enough to cover a face and scalp .  doctor : social reincorporation is as important as the face transplant itsel .
 israeli police clash with palestinians at holy site <sec> jordan recalls ambassador to israel to protest `` increasing israeli escalation '' .  paramedics say 15 people were injured ; police say officers were hurt .  police say palestinians threw stones , set off fireworks at officers at the holy site .  muslim worshipers say police threw stun grenades into al-aqsa mosqu .
 china hints at ending its labor prison camps <sec> china may terminate controversial system of labor prison camps this year .  state media reported most senior law enforcement official proposed to stop using system .  petty offenders jailed up to 4 years in labor camps without judicial hearing .  both human rights activists and government say reforms necessar .
 rudy giuliani 's fall from america 's mayor - cnnpolitics.com <sec> giuliani defiant about obama comments .  remarks could sully his 9/11 legac .
 how a dollar can buy dignity and power <sec> jessica jackley was inspired by the example of muhammad yunus .  she says microlending enables people to break free of the cycle of poverty .  jackley : entrepreneurs have the power to improve their own live .
 obamacare , doctor shortage could crash health care system <sec> approximately 48 million people are currently uninsured in the united states .  there is a physician shortage , and experts say more primary care doctors are needed .  when massachusetts mandated health insurance for residents , wait times increased .  technology , team care may help in handling the influx of patients , doctor say .
 what julian castro can do for obama <sec> julian castro is the first latino to deliver a keynote speech at the dnc .  ruben navarrette : castro will help obama gain votes among latinos .  he says mitt romney 's latino outreach efforts are about to take a direct hit .  navarrette : latinos ca n't be more proud of castro , who is a rising political sta .
 the bizarro thanksgiving centerpiece <sec> the author compensated for her mother 's uninterest in thanksgiving by cooking .  the author 's mother brought a centerpiece known as mr. turkey every thanksgiving .  it was at the center of the table every year , surrounded by hand-carved apple swan .
 defense grills key witness in anna nicole smith drug trial <sec> her bodyguard calls anna nicole 's doctor `` very soothing '' .  smith was `` unbearably obsessed '' after her son 's death , maurice brighthaupt testifies .  howard k. stern 's defense lawyer questions key prosecution witness 's motives .  stern and two doctors are charged in a drug conspiracy in smith 's 2007 deat .
 special olympics takes on use of 'r-word ' <sec> americans are being challenged to consider their use of `` r-word '' or `` retard '' .  attention comes just before campaign : spread the word to end the word .  obama 's tonight show gig included off-the-cuff reference to special olympics .  special olympics president and ceo calls all the attention a `` teachable moment .
 obama administration weighs in on defense of marriage law <sec> the justice department files first in a series of legal briefs involving two big cases .  supreme court will hear arguments next month on defense of marriage act .  lawyers for house gop say they should be able to defend the marriage law in court .  u.s. still deciding whether to intervene in second case involving california la .
 media vow to remember newtown tragedy in respectful manner <sec> saturday is one-year anniversary of mass shooting at newtown , connecticut , school .  cnn and most other news organizations say they wo n't report from town on saturday .  newtown officials had urged media to respect families , not descend on the small tow .
 syrian warplanes reportedly strike in iraq , killing 57 <sec> iraq denies syrian planes attacked border towns .  local official says warplanes hit markets and fuel stations .  u.s. official says iran is flying surveillance drones over iraq .  prime minister slams sunnis and the call for a salvation governmen .
 beautiful airports around the world <sec> airports should welcome visitors and residents alike .  a madrid airport terminal incorporates a rainbow palette in its structure .  a jeddah , saudi arabia , terminal reflects the culture 's nomadic tent traditions .  the uruguay capital 's airport captures the essence of rolling dune .
 egyptian police crack down on second day of protests <sec> main opposition party , the muslim brotherhood , says 149 members are arrested .  websites of 2 newspapers shut down , journalists group says .  twitter is blocked , but some people have used proxies to get information out .  demonstrators have been demanding ouster of president hosni mubara .
 gun debate figures into storyline of 'the dark knight rises ' <sec> a gun debate figures into the storyline of `` the dark knight rises '' itelf .  friday 's shooting rampage took place while the movie was showing at a colorado theater .  warner brothers studios says it will not cancel any screenings of the fil .
 jindal : morganza spillway could open as early as saturday <sec> new : army corps of engineers is expected to open the spillway once river flows hit a trigger .  new : projections indicate the tipping point could come as early as saturday , jindal says .  new : the morganza spillway has not been opened since 1973 .  opening the morganza spillway would flood the atchafalaya river basi .
