 murder charges filed in case of missing boat crew <sec> two defendants to make initial appearances in federal court thursday .  four-person crew of the joe cool are missing and presumed dead .  men who hired boat reportedly say hijackers killed crew but let them g .
 why go to jeju island ? <sec> jeju island , or jejudo , is south korea 's most popular holiday island with 10 million visitors in 2013 .  it 's a volcanic island and home to south korea 's highest mountain , a dormant volcano .  in 2013 a luxury chinese cruise ship was detained for several days in jeju over outstanding lease payment .
 froome retains yellow jersey after tough day at the top <sec> ireland 's dan martin won sunday 's ninth stage .  team sky 's chris froome retains yellow jersey .  froome left to fend for himself after team failure .  froome leads field by one minute and 25 second .
 scotland : 8 things to know before you go <sec> scotland 's favorite dish is indian-style curry .  whisky is scotland 's biggest import , but its favorite drink is a soda called irn bru .  many of the distant scottish islands only became scottish after centuries of scandinavian rul .
 part 1 : hong kong to pingyao <sec> one of china 's best attractions is the world heritage-listed city of pingyao .  red and other colored lanterns blaze at every step along the cobbled streets .  there are no cars and hawkers , little tackiness and a relaxed atmospher .
 why would syria bomb iraq ? your questions answered <sec> isis wants to create an islamic state across sunni areas of iraq and syria .  syrian response to isis inside its borders has been fairly muted until now .  but syrian regime bombed isis positions in syria recently and reportedly bombed in ira .
 milan captain ambrosini signs new contract <sec> massimo ambrosini has signed a one-year contract extension with ac milan .  ambrosini , 32 , joined ac milan in 1995 from cesena and is in his 14th season .  he was named captain this summer following the retirement of paolo maldin .
 south africa 20 years after mandela release <sec> mandela was convicted of treason in 1964 , given a life sentence .  mandela , de klerk shared nobel peace prize .  mandela once said violent political struggle became rule after nonviolence failed .  mandela was the first of his family to attend schoo .
 why the ipad wo n't transform education just yet <sec> apple has a long way to go before it dominates k-12 classrooms .  there are 55.5 million students enrolled in more than 130,000 u.s. schools .  even if a school reuses ipads , it wo n't be able to reuse book .
 opinion : in boston , 'look for the helpers ' <sec> a mr. rogers quote was widely shared on twitter on monday .  after tragedy , he says , we should `` look for the helpers '' .  john sutter : that message is resonant following the boston bombing .  he says all of us are geared to help , and the bombing response shows tha .
 firefighters battle to contain texas wildfires <sec> new : fires have burned more than 312,00 acres in texas .  new : a fire near swenson has scorched 103,000 acres .  firefighters from all over the country are in texas to battle the wildfires .  40 to 50 homes have been destroyed in presidio count .
 zakaria : india was reassured by obama <sec> indian prime minister 's state visit was capped with formal dinner at white house .  fareed zakaria says india was uneasy about policy of new administration .  he says the u.s. reassured the india delegation on several key fronts .  india is seen as a counterweight to china 's growing influence in asia , he say .
 wozniacki to face sharapova , nadal up against del potro <sec> maria sharapova will play fellow former world no . .  1 caroline wozniacki in final .  sharapova defeats fellow russian maria kirilenko in semis to reach title match again .  wozniacki , the 2011 winner , reaches final at indian wells for third time in four years .  rafael nadal reaches final of men 's event after beating tomas berdych on saturda .
 enterovirus 68 found in 4 patients who have died <sec> 500 people in 42 states have respiratory illnesses caused by enterovirus d68 .  rhode island official says girl , 10 , died from sepsis , but she also had enterovirus .  she 's one of four patients who , samples indicate , tested positive for enterovirus d68 .  virus may also be linked to mysterious neurologic illness in a small number of childre .
 social media : fiscal cliff deadlock is 'jeopardizing faith in our government ' <sec> americans are using social media to vent anger about the fiscal cliff .  most want it avoided , but some want the u.s. to `` go over '' the cliff .  the social media messages let washington hear from everyday people , gop strategist says .  an 18-year-old says the fiscal cliff has almost led her to give up hopes of serving in governmen .
 india floods kill at least 441 this season <sec> 7 die as bus carrying 40 passengers sinks in overflowing canal in eastern india .  7-year-old girl and her mother among the dead .  bus driver ignored warnings from his passengers about flooding in cana .
 hoy knighted as british olympians honored <sec> track cyclist chris hoy knighted in the united kingdom new year honors list .  hoy will compete in the 2012 olympics as sir chris after three golds in beijing .  every british gold medallist from the beijing olympics has also been rewarde .
 chinese activist chen gives first in-depth tv interview since escape <sec> chen fears the chinese government will retaliate against those who aided his escape .  his nephew 's murder case will be `` a benchmark in testing china 's rule of law , '' he says .  chinese human rights activist chen guangcheng arrived in the u.s. on saturday .  he escaped from house arrest in china and will study at new york universit .
 'the incredible burt wonderstone ' is cautious and unimaginative <sec> carell wears spangled red velvet and a poufy wig in `` the incredible burt wonderstone '' .  carell and buscemi play world-famous las vegas magicians .  their characters have been partners ever since they were childhood geeks .  `` burt wonderstone '' seems to be reaching for the tone of early farrelly brothers movie .
 growing protests over immigrant children hits arizona <sec> arizona sheriff : `` the public has a right to know '' about facilities housing immigrants .  `` i 'm protesting the invasion of the united states , '' demonstrator says .  at least 260 anti-immigration protests are planned nationwide this weekend .  a michigan city and its mayor pro tem also protest any undocumented juvenile .
 fox renews 'family guy ' and 'american dad ' <sec> fox has renewed `` family guy '' and `` american dad '' .  no announcement has been made regarding `` the cleveland show '' .  there 's enough episodes in the pipeline to keep `` cleveland '' on the air for a fourth season next yea .
 chicago 's back alleys filter rainwater for lake michigan <sec> chicago covers alleys with special concrete that cleans polluted rain runoff .  microbes in concrete eat pollutants such as fertilizer and oil .  solution avoids having to rebuild city 's massive alley system .  unique concrete also helps to keep city cooler on sunny day .
 'star trek ' soars with no . 1 debut <sec> j.j. abrams ' `` star trek '' grosses $ 72.5 million from friday through sunday .  `` wolverine '' fell hard with only $ 27 million , showing a 68 percent decline .  the box office was up nearly 22 percent from the same frame a year ago .  check out which movies made this week 's top 10 lis .
 mars landing went 'flawlessly , ' scientists say <sec> testing and calibration are under way , nasa says .  president barack obama hails `` an unprecedented feat of technology '' .  rover curiosity 's first stop is gale crater , which may have once contained a lake .  the vehicle will be controlled from nasa 's jet propulsion laborator .
 kenya says it 's killed 100 militants after deadly attack on bus <sec> kenyan security forces crossed into somalia and destroyed a camp , a kenyan official says .  the move was in response to an attack saturday that left at least 28 people dead .  somali-based terror group al-shabaab claimed responsibility for the bus attac .
 pol pot 's former right-hand man declared fit for trial in cambodia <sec> most senior surviving khmer rouge leader has been declared fit for trial .  nuon chea was the right-hand man to late cambodian leader pol pot .  khmer rouge regime under pol pot blamed for the deaths of 1.7 million peopl .
 chuck yeager retraces history in the sky , breaking the sound barrier -- again <sec> chuck yeager was the first test pilot to break the sound barrier .  in 1947 , he flew past mach 1 after being dropped from a b-29 bomber at 45,000 feet .  yeager said he `` laid down a pretty good sonic boom '' over edwards air force bas .
 opinion : the man who would be king <sec> rep. robert pittenger compares obama 's executive actions with those of other historical leaders .  from king david to napoleon , each knew the limits of power , pittenger argues .  obama 's unilateral actions circumvents the checks and balances of congress , he say .
 marquez takes lead in motogp standings after win in germany <sec> rookie marc marquez leapfrogs dani pedrosa in the overall motogp standings .  marquez wins the german grand prix ahead of cal crutchlow and valentino rossi .  pedrosa and reigning world champion jorge lorenzo missed the race with shoulder injurie .
 zakaria : russia overplayed hand in georgia <sec> fareed zakaria says russia 's actions will be viewed as `` a major strategic blunder '' .  zakaria calls russia 's recognition of georgia 's two breakaway provinces `` a joke '' .  analyst : russia has moved in `` anti-modern '' directions in recent years .  zakaria says u.s. should n't overreact , let world reaction play itself ou .
 gates announces major pentagon priority shifts <sec> new : budget receives mixed reception from congressional republicans .  defense secretary robert gates calls for phasing out production of f-22 .  budget reflects `` lessons learned in iraq and afghanistan , '' gates says .  budget includes stronger institutional commitment to military 's all-volunteer forc .
 ice grips europe 's waterways as deadly cold lingers <sec> temperatures in bucharest drop way below freezing for the 18th day in a row .  the number of deaths blamed on the cold rises to 16 in serbia , state media report .  italy is braced for more heavy snow , a week after wintry weather paralyzed many cities .  more cold-related deaths are reported in poland , taking the total to almost 10 .
 fox 's 'batman ' prequel casts 4 roles <sec> fox 's batman prequel has cast four major roles .  robin lord taylor will portray oswald cobblepot , a.k.a . .  the penguin .  `` event horizon 's '' sean pertwee has been cast as alfred pennyworth .  the new actors will join ben mckenzie , who 'll play det . .  gordo .
 king tut statue among missing egypt treasures , minister says <sec> at least 17 artifacts are missing from the egypt museum , zahi hawass says .  statues of king tut and other pharoahs are among them .  the police and army are questioning suspect .
 obama to make organ mountains-desert peaks a national monument <sec> the organ mountains-desert peaks national monument will include nearly 500,000 acres .  white house : designation in new mexico could generate $ 7.4 million in economic activity .  president obama established the cesar e. chavez national monument in 201 .
 third ottawa man faces terror-related charges <sec> suliman mohamed makes court appearance after arrest on terror-related charges .  `` my son is not involved in this at all , '' mohamed 's father says .  police allege terrorist activity directly linked to the arrests of ashton and carlos larmon .
 miriam adelson , a powerful voice behind republican women <sec> the wife of billionaire conservative sheldon adelson supports many women 's issues .  she is a doctor and an expert in drug addiction .  dr. adelson also is a strong advocate for israe .
 ex-street kid asks pope why god lets children suffer <sec> glyzelle palomar , 12 , asks pope why street children face drug abuse and prostitution .  `` she is the only one who has put a question for which there is no answer , '' pope says .  he hugs glyzelle and jun chura , a boy who recounted foraging for food in garbag .
 life , the universe and everything ? lhc ready to restart <sec> the lhc , a 27km ( 17 mile ) particle accelerator , is ready to fire up again after a two-year upgrade .  after nailing down the elusive higgs boson particle in 2013 , physicists are now on the trail of dark matter .  dark matter has never been observed , but it makes up nearly 85 percent of all the matter in the univers .
 over 90,000 acres burned in los alamos fire <sec> new : fire consumes 92,735 acres by thursday .  national preserve lands begin closing in response to the fires .  los alamos lab remains closed through at least frida .
 time management tips for thanksgiving <sec> no one will notice that the top of your tablecloth is wrinkled when all the dishes are on it . .  just iron the sides .  the old adage , `` time is money , '' holds true for thanksgiving . .  save time with expensive pre-chopped veggies .  perfecting your turkey seasoning technique can mean hours of sauce-making . .  salt and pepper is all you nee .
 cruz says he 'll talk until 'i am no longer able to stand ' <sec> cruz in marathon protest speech on senate floor .  mcconnell rejects cruz strategy for government funding and obamacare .  cruz wants to stop senate votes on house plan , knowing democrats will amend it , fund obamacare .  harry reid says the senate 's first key procedural vote will occur on wednesda .
 scuba diver charged in wife 's underwater death <sec> gabe watson has been charged with 2003 death of his wife during honeymoon .  tina watson died while scuba diving in australia 's great barrier reef .  coroner unable to conclude that watson 's death was accidenta .
 doctors save hand by attaching it to man 's calf <sec> man cut off hand at work and searched for a surgeon for 7 hours .  the surgeon attached it to his calf where there was a good blood supply .  there have been about 20 such successful operations in all of chin .
 male model sentenced in grisly murder of portuguese tv journalist <sec> male model renato seabra killed , mutilated carlos antonio de castro , jury finds .  both men were from portugal visiting new york city in late 2010 , early 2011 .  castro , 65 , a tv journalist , broke off the relationship with seabra , then 20 .  castro was found bludgeoned and castrated on the floor of their hotel roo .
 pellegrini named manchester city manager <sec> manuel pellegrini joins manchester city on a three-year contract from malaga .  the chilean replaces italian roberto mancini , who was fired in may .  manchester city will try to reclaim the premier league title next seaso .
 bernice king elected president of sclc <sec> bernice king is the youngest daughter of slain civil rights leader martin luther king jr . .  she is the first female president of the southern christian leadership conference .  her father was the organization 's first presiden .
 gop 's 'faux anger ' is all the rage <sec> maria cardona : some in gop have criticized obama 's afghanistan trip this week .  she says gop using faux anger , same as earlier criticism of obama 's bin laden ad .  she says romney had said killing bin laden not a priority ; he should own his words now .  cardona : gop hypocritical ; would gladly claim credit if its candidate had killed bin lade .
 will the 'age of america ' end in 2016 ? <sec> the imf says china will overtake the u.s. as the world 's leading economic power in 2016 .  analysts dispute the figures saying that china still has a long way to go before it catches up .  china must overcome many structural and social problems before it is the global economic powe .
 miley cyrus on 'snl ' : 'hannah montana ' is dead <sec> miley cyrus hosted and performed as a musical guest on `` snl '' .  the 20-year-old poked fun at the reaction to her vmas performance .  but , she said , she was n't going to apologize .  she appeared in several sketches throughout the night , and sang twic .
 commentary : big risk in obama 's economic stimulus plan <sec> rep. eric cantor : obama has a mandate for plan to spark the economy .  plan 's potential for waste and special-interest giveaways is enormous , he says .  cantor : we support obama 's idea of making the plan transparent .  he says best strategy is to provide tax relief to middle class , small busines .
 famu band leader drummed out in wake of death linked to hazing <sec> `` oh my god , i warned them , '' mother of band member says .  but band officials `` act like they do n't know , '' she adds .  she says that son 's harassment was mental and verbal , that others were paddled .  school officials did not immediately respond to call .
 nbc 's 'heroes ' is coming back <sec> `` heroes reborn '' is slated for 2015 .  there will be 13 episodes .  it faces competition from other superhero project .
 judge removed from whitey bulger trial <sec> appeals court : judge 's impartiality might be in question because of his past jobs .  judge was a u.s. prosecutor in boston when the defendant allegedly was involved in crime .  defendant james `` whitey '' bulger faces 19 murder charge .
 puerto rico police : man torched house and relatives , killing 5 <sec> fifth victim is a woman who had traveled to puerto rico to meet her fiance 's family .  she , her fiance and three others died from burns in the new year 's day attack .  `` the last 6 months have been the happiest time of her life , '' the woman 's mother sai .
 champions league : respite for moyes as manchester united advances <sec> man united overturns a first-leg deficit and advances in the champions league .  dutchman robin van persie scores a hat-trick in a 3-0 win over olympiacos .  the win at old trafford boosts united 's under-pressure manager david moyes .  borussia dortmund also advances to the last eight in the competitio .
 champions league : roma 's dreams left in ruins as manchester city triumphs <sec> manchester city claims 2-0 victory at as roma .  ctiy qualifies for last-16 in second place behind bayern munich .  bayern defeats cska moscow 3-0 .  barcelona beats psg to top group .
 for many chinese , literary dreams go online <sec> china now has the most internet users in the world .  publishing houses increasingly patrol web sites for writing talent , observer says .  one of china 's biggest literary portals reports 200 million page views a da .
 red star line : the ship that saved albert einstein 's life ? <sec> albert einstein escaped nazi rule by sailing on red star line ship 80 years ago .  one of 2.5 million europeans to travel on the company 's vessels to north america .  red star line museum opens in antwerp , includes over 5,000 pieces of memorabilia .  passenger sonia pressman fuentes says would not have survived holocaust without tri .
 tax day : where did the money go in 2012 ? <sec> `` you deserve to know how your tax dollars are being spent , '' white house says .  military and health care spending take up the bulk of federal income tax revenues .  military operations such as the u.s. presence in afghanistan the largest sum of defense spendin .
 n.y. 's de blasio should lead on weed ( opinion ) <sec> raul reyes : ny mayor de blasio says cops wo n't arrest someone with small amount of pot .  they 'll get summons instead . .  it 's good step , but does n't address racial aspects of stops , he says .  reyes : new rule requires court appearance . .  miss it , and there 'll be arrest warrant . .  this a flaw .  reyes : de blasio , show your progressivism . .  take bold stance in favor of pot decriminalizatio .
 why android and iphone wo n't go down like blackberry <sec> experts : iphones and android devices will not see a global messaging crash .  blackberry filters messages through its own servers ; apple and google do n't .  blackberry 's middle-man approach to messaging is what crashed this week .  millions of blackberry users were without e-mail service for more than three day .
 syrian crisis : latest developments <sec> new : the united states may have to take unilateral action against syria , says an official .  british lawmakers vote down possible military action against syria .  they also reject a labour party motion calling for additional time for u.n. inspectors .  a u.n. security council meeting ends with no agreement on a resolution on the crisi .
 iran 's two opposition leaders , their wives are placed in 'safe house ' <sec> iranian government sources say the `` safe house '' is for the leaders ' welfare .  the leaders and their wives are not under arrest , the sources say .  a human rights group is alarmed , saying the move violates international la .
