 canada 's house of commons extends afghan mission <sec> troops to stay until 2011 , with the stipulation that nato contribute more forces .  most of canada 's 2,500 troops in afghanistan are in kandahar province .  the canadian mission in afghanistan was to end next february .  critics say the cost has not been disclosed to parliament or the publi .
 olympics : sochi action finally begins , a day ahead of opening ceremony <sec> action begins ahead of opening ceremony for first time in 30 years .  briton billy morgan effectively starts sochi 2014 in slopestyle snowboarding .  u.n. secretary-general calls for harmonious and friendly game .
 feinstein says cia spied on senate computers <sec> senate intelligence committee chair says cia action may have violated federal law .  committee was investigating the cia 's controversial detention and interrogation program .  cia director says agency has made some mistakes in its detention and interrogation program .  both the panel and agency have asked the justice department to look into the matte .
 no . 1 donald falters in madrid defense <sec> world no . .  1 luke donald six shots off the pace at the madrid masters .  defending champion tied for 10th place going into sunday 's final round .  fellow englishman lee slattery leads by two strokes seeking first title .  rory mcilroy falls behind in korea as rickie fowler equals course recor .
 world cup winner dunga fired by brazil 's internacional <sec> brazil 's internacional fires manager dunga less than a year after he was appointed .  internacional sat 10th in the 20-team brazilian top division under the world cup winner .  internacional has slumped despite having strikers leandro damiao and diego forlan .  dunga was dismissed as manager of the brazilian national team in 201 .
 gulf oil rig owner apologizes for calling 2010 'best year ' ever <sec> transocean acknowledges words were `` insensitive '' in light of 11 worker deaths .  executives get pay raises , bonuses , in part for the safety record , sec filing says .  cash awards based in part on company safety record .  despite gulf oil spill , company called 2010 `` best year in safety .
 sister doris : europe 's last beer-making nun <sec> franciscan nun sister doris is one of only a handful of women working in bavaria 's beer industry .  sister doris is excused from morning prayers so she can get an early start on her daily brewing routines .  she 's reckoned to be the last in a long line of nuns engaged in traditional beer making in europ .
 9/11 anniversary : 'our hearts still ache , ' obama says <sec> new : `` we will never forget , '' house speaker boehner says .  `` our hearts still ache , '' president obama says at the pentagon .  in new york , washington and pennsylvania , bells and moments of silenc .
 keeping kids healthy in the summer <sec> children are unlikely to get west nile virus from mosquito bites .  you should n't be concerned about children getting impetigo from the pool .  hand , foot , and mouth disease will not leave scars .  an increasing number of food-borne illnesses are caused by produc .
 6 million car tire stems recalled <sec> ohio-based distributor says valves are n't working properly , could cause accidents .  tech international estimates that just 8,600 of 6 million are defective .  snap-in tire valve , model tr413 , was made between july and november 2006 .  continuing to drive on underinflated tires can cause them to burs .
 shuttle discovery docks with space station for 13th and final time <sec> new : astronauts take extra time to install logistics carrier , then get ok to sleep in .  the space shuttle docks 220 miles above earth with the iss .  there was a slight delay in `` hard-mating '' due to alignment issues , nasa says .  discovery was the first space shuttle to dock with the space station in 199 .
 airbus ceo : we will learn from past mistakes <sec> airbus ceo fabrice bregier says the company has learned from the troubled a350 launch .  it will take on board any lessons to be learned from boeing 's dreamliner problems too .  past mistakes have included outsourcing too much work to other companies , he sai .
 reports : bangladeshi death toll rises amid search for mutineers <sec> bangladeshi army vows to punish participants in this week 's bloody mutiny .  so far , 88 bodies reportedly recovered from mass graves in outskirts of dhaka .  at least 22 bodies found in river after rebelling troops dumped them down sewer .  more than 160 were inside bangladesh rifles headquarters when mutiny erupte .
 new rangers must start in bottom tier of scottish football , clubs decide <sec> rangers to play in scottish fourth flight next season .  clubs from scottish football league voted on the issue friday .  glasgow giants were liquidated at the end of last season .  new company were expelled from the scottish premier leagu .
 lorenzo wins italian motogp to close gap on stoner <sec> jorge lorenzo claims victory in sunday 's italian motogp at mugello .  the spanish world champion beats andrea dovizioso and casey stoner .  stoner maintains his world title advantage by 19 points from lorenz .
 stabenow : why i 'm ready for hillary clinton <sec> sen. debbie stabenow says she supports hillary clinton for president in 2016 .  stabenow : i 'm ready for hillary because she is the best person for our country right now .  clinton has been considered a democratic front-runner if she enters the presidential rac .
 military plane crashes in south african mountains <sec> rescue crews scouring the area for survivors .  mandela , 94 , has not appeared in public since 2010 .  he gets round-the-clock care after abdominal surgery this yea .
 cuba joins big stage with u.s. and oil rich venezuela <sec> cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by gaining attendance at summit of the americas .  first time since 1962 , the u.s. has not blocked cuba 's attempt to join .  cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in panam .
 white sandy beaches , crystal clear ocean : kenya 's water sport paradise <sec> watamu is a kenyan fishing village on the indian ocean .  known for its rich swahili culture , it is now a water sports destination .  visitors can windsurf , kitesurf and paddleboar .
 bayern hold $ 124-million edge over inter <sec> bayern munich have annual turnover of €289.5 million ( $ 358 million ) .  inter milan have annual turnover of €196.5 million ( $ 243 million ) .  bayern make 54 percent of turnover from commercial , marketing opportunities .  inter milan dependent on television revenues for 60 percent of their turnove .
 after 50 years , cuba publishes che 's diary <sec> `` diary of a combatant '' spans period between 1956 and 1959 .  it includes accounts of armed struggle beside fidel castro in cuba .  much of the material was published in a 1963 boo .
 mexican drug lord gets 25 years , gives up $ 50 million <sec> sentence handed down wednesday after drug kingpin 's earlier guilty plea .  fbi : cardenas guillen in 1999 threatened to kill an undercover sheriff 's deputy .  he also threatened the lives of two u.s. agent .
 another security gap at airports : background checks <sec> security loopholes threatening u.s. airports are critiqued at a hearing before a house panel .  congressman : what good is screening passengers if we never check airport workers .
 nbc ebola patient : 'i 've seen some bad things ' <sec> `` obviously , he is scared , '' ashoka mukpo 's father says .  mukpo , 33 , started feeling achy and tired wednesday .  he was diagnosed with ebola on thursday in liberia .  his mother says he 'll return to the united states on sunda .
 why russia , iran and china are standing by syria <sec> russia has sold billions of dollars in arms to syria .  iran is the most populous shiite muslim nation ; al-assad is alawite , a shiite offshoot .  china said it still wants to see a political solution in syri .
 amitabh bachchan : bollywood 's elder statesman <sec> indian actor has been superstar of bollywood cinema for 40 years .  known as 'the big b ' ; became icon to millions after 'sholay ' film of 1975 .  blogs regularly and seen great changes in attitudes to indian film and its influence .  caused furore when mistakenly reported to have criticized 'slumdog millionaire .
 a new controller apparently falls asleep , sparking change and outrage <sec> new : air traffic controller suspended pending investigation .  the latest incident occurred in nevada , the faa said .  transportation secretary says it 's `` absolutely unacceptable '' .  the feds are adding a midnight-shift controller at 27 control tower .
 aid starts to flow in quake-damaged chile <sec> new : 19 people remain missing , official says .  curfew remained in effect for third day in concepcion , scene of worst looting .  70 percent of chile 's economy affected by quake , particularly fruit and mining sector .
 epa proposes new mercury standards for power plants <sec> many utilities would have to install new pollution controls .  thousands of deaths expected to be prevented .  epa rules will be final by november .  companies would have up to 4 years to compl .
 u.s. officials , analysts differ on whether drone in iran tv video is real <sec> u.s. official : `` we now have no reason to believe '' the drone in the video is a fake .  another official questions the intact appearance of the drone after a crash .  an iranian general says the drone was downed `` with minimum damage '' .  iran 's foreign ministry delivers a reprimand of u.s. to swiss envo .
 official : boston bombing suspect 'sedated ' <sec> dzhokar tsarnaev is `` intubated and sedated , '' an official says .  the suspect is in `` not yet able to communicate , '' the governor says .  the younger brother suffered an injury to the throat , an official says .  57 people remain hospitalized , including three in critical conditio .
 top 10 cities for new grads <sec> current economic climate has raised the stakes in choosing a place to settle down .  apartments.com , cbcampus.com release list of best cities for recent college grads .  indianapolis , philadelphia , baltimore , cincinnati , cleveland top the list .  tip : consider spending a few days in your desired city to learn more and networ .
 prosecutors : mckinnon to face no uk charges over u.s. hacking <sec> gary mckinnon will not face a new criminal investigation in england , prosecutors say .  he hacked into u.s. military and civilian computers over a decade ago .  mckinnon 's extradition was blocked in october on health grounds .  the u.s. government said his actions cost it about $ 1 millio .
 2009 pulitzer prizes awarded <sec> prizes were awarded monday for excellence in journalism and the arts .  for first time , online-only news sites could compete .  slate editor : overdue acknowledgement of quality web-based journalis .
 the south 's 10 best new restaurants <sec> southern living 's jennifer v. cole traveled 24,000 miles in search of the south 's best restaurants .  she found a new emphasis on casual dining , but that does n't just mean burgers .  restaurants on the list had to open between july 2013 and june 2014 .  cole 's most important factor ? .  deliciousnes .
 got a big decision to make ? sleep on it <sec> the unconscious can help make complex decisions , scientists say .  while sleeping , our ability to make associations is enhanced . .  `` unconscious thought theory '' says the unconscious is good at synthesizing large amounts of informatio .
 alleged hollande affair shows 'old rules no longer apply ' <sec> closer magazine has alleged hollande is having an affair with actress julie gayet .  hollande , who was elected president in 2012 , lives with partner valerie trierweiler .  matthew fraser says a media omerta that protected politicians ' private lives is ending .  and he says french privacy laws are increasingly irrelevant in the social media worl .
 iowa caucuses 101 : arcane rules have huge impact on outcome <sec> iowa caucuses start at 7 p.m. ct thursday night .  candidates have to show up at caucus sites to vote .  candidates must have 15 percent of the voters to be `` viable .
 diy fashion blogs encourage personal style <sec> diy fashion blogs share tutorials that are photo-illustrated and easy to follow .  the blogs can simply inspire or provide further information about crafting .  diy fashion is an inexpensive way to sport your own personal styl .
 chris brown ordered to do 1,000 hours community labor <sec> chris brown must do `` community labor '' doing graffiti or beach cleanup or other tasks .  judge reinstates his probation ; does n't weigh in on debate if he 'd already done some .  the decisions come a day after a hit-and-run charge against brown is dropped .  the singer is on probation for the 2009 beating of rihann .
 skipper sammy stars as west indies wrap up test win over pakistan <sec> west indies beat pakistan by 40 runs in guyana to seal victory in the first test .  captain darren sammy takes five wickets as pakistan are all out for 178 chasing 219 to win .  west indies take a 1-0 lead in the series , the second and final test starts in st kitts on frida .
 mandela in 'good spirits ' in the hospital on christmas <sec> president jacob zuma says mandela looks better .  `` the doctors are happy with the progress , '' zuma says .  he was hospitalized for a lung infection on december .
 ten stars who followed oscar-worthy performances with stinkers <sec> portman 's rom-com `` no strings attached '' is coming out right before the oscars .  sandra bullock made history in 2010 for winning both an oscar and a razzie .  halle berry followed her 2002 academy award with a razzie award in 200 .
 researchers : fungus can break down plastics <sec> two yale students find that a species of fungi can decompose polyurethane .  a professor says the potential to break down man-made materials could be endless .  one of the researchers cautions it 's not `` the cure-all to pollution '' .  and a biochemist says , `` it 's a big leap to go from the test tube to the field .
 presidential commission will investigate oil spill <sec> 8 senators want to know if oil giant violated laws in connection with gulf spill .  on capitol hill , bp touts its progress toward plugging the spill .  researchers say oil could be lurking below gulf surface in huge `` plumes .
 qatari court finds american couple guilty in death of adopted daughter <sec> the couple has two weeks to appeal the verdict .  the huangs deny charges of killing their daughter , who died in january last yea .
 palestinians formally join international criminal court <sec> membership gives the icc jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed in palestinian territories since last june .  israel and the united states opposed the move , which could open the door to war crimes investigations against israeli .
 cannes 2009 : the movies to watch out for <sec> from quentin tarantino to ken loach , cannes is packed with big names .  critic jonathan romney 's looking forward to jane campion 's `` bright star '' .  blogger karina longworth ca n't wait for lars von trier 's `` antichrist '' .  buyer robert walak says people will be looking for `` more feel-good films .
 stream of al qaeda threats has u.s. intelligence concerned <sec> a `` threat stream '' from al qaeda groups has evolved during the past six months .  the threats target europe as well as the united states .  official to cnn : so far , `` we do not see operational cells of al qaeda inside the united states '' .  al qaeda in the arabian peninsula , based in yemen , is of particular concer .
 man charged in fatal subway shoving in new york city <sec> bronx resident wai kuen kwok , 61 , was killed by the oncoming train .  the victim 's wife was with him and was hospitalized for trauma .  police arrested the suspect tuesday following the weekend inciden .
 security forces push back on iranian protesters <sec> new : security forces put up gate in front of alley to opposition leader 's home , opposition website reports .  the daughter of a former iranian president was briefly detained .  opposition websites say one protester was shot dead .  more clashes reported on the streets of tehran and other citie .
 american , us air merger a go after supreme court refuses stay request <sec> justice ruth bader ginsburg declined to hear a stay request .  passenger group believes merger will result in higher fares and reduced choices .  the two airlines can sign papers before the financial markets open monda .
 porn publisher larry flynt offers job to embattled ex-congressman <sec> flynt offers anthony weiner a 20 % raise .  offer `` not made in jest , '' flynt writes .  the job offer comes within hours of the congressman 's resignatio .
 changing pakistan from the bottom up <sec> journalist wajahat ali recently visited a pakistani village that is pulling itself out of poverty .  a group has helped teach the people professional skills and financial management .  women are playing a prominent role , too , in a place they once did n't .  ali says the village 's story runs counter to more extreme narratives in the countr .
 demonstrators , police take to streets in bahrain <sec> opposition group says there were 60 protests in different areas .  government says militant activism has increased recently , vows to maintain stability .  lawmakers last month banned any demonstrations in the capital .  human rights groups have criticized the conduct of bahraini authoritie .
 it 's not about dieting , it 's about enjoying <sec> chef laura pensiero : do n't let diet hijack your life .  ease good and healthy food on to your menu .  getting enough fruits , vegetables is most important step .  add low-fat cheese and milk to die .
 golf : the man behind the player <sec> new research claims a caddie can help boost a golfer 's performance by 30 % or more .  four important pillars of relationship built around closeness and commitment .  padraig harrington credits caddie ronan flood with winning him the 2007 open .  tiger woods won 13 of his 14 major titles with caddie steve williams on his ba .
 chocolate replaces cocaine in some areas of peru <sec> cacao beans can be a better crop than coca plants for farmers , some say .  cacao `` a very strong engine of growth '' in upper peruvian amazon forest .  chocolate industry can provide a legal and safe source of income , backers say .  peru remains second largest producer of coca in the worl .
 protesters attack presidential palace in cairo , one person dies in clashes <sec> one person is killed in clashes outside the presidential palace , a hospital says .  protesters hurl molotov cocktails and rocks ; security forces respond with tear gas .  egypt has been embroiled in violence since last week .  protesters , security forces battle outside presidential palac .
 does the internet breed killers ? <sec> keen : breivik captures the delusional , violent , narcissistic nature of digital culture .  breivik killed 77 norwegians in bomb and gun rampage in july 2011 .  marche : social networks like facebook are making us lonely .  keen : violent video games allowed breivik to `` virtualize '' killing of real peopl .
 afghan electoral workers slain by taliban <sec> an attack on electoral workers highlights security problems ahead of saturday 's vote .  the u.s. embassy issues a warning about possible election violence .  an afghan protester is shot in a confrontation at a military base .  two isaf service members killed in southern afghanista .
 iraq , 10 years later : a people in need <sec> the u.s. military mission in iraq is over , but the iraqi people still need help .  baby noor is the face of a nation in a humanitarian crisis .  iraqis need help with basic medical needs .  the war has left many of the nation 's children orphane .
 acute pregnancy sickness : my story <sec> cnn 's kara devlin was diagnosed with hyperemesis gravidarum .  catherine , duchess of cambridge , was hospitalized with the condition .  devlin was put on intravenous medication and nearly hospitalized .  she says her illness disappeared when she was 30 weeks pregnan .
 mers deaths at 33 ; researchers claim progress <sec> the who says 58 cases of mers have been reported ; 33 have died .  researchers have mapped the genetic characteristics of the virus .  while cases are limited , mers has killed more than half of its victim .
