 flouting israeli ultimatum , libyan aid ship continues toward gaza <sec> gadhafi charity 's executive director says the ship is bound for gaza .  israeli navy has given the ship an ultimatum .  earlier tuesday , an israeli official said the captain had agreed to divert to egypt .  the ship was sent by the gadhafi foundation , which is run by the son of libya 's leade .
 head turners of the desert : a camel beauty pageant in the uae <sec> the al-dhafra camel festival features a beauty contest for purebred camels .  the animals are rated on criteria including posture , neck length and ear firmness .  the event is intended to preserve aspects of bedouin cultural heritage .  it draws camel owners from many other countries throughout the regio .
 kanye west calls swift with 'sincere apology ' <sec> kanye west reaches out to taylor swift to apologize .  rapper had interrupted swift as she accepted the best female video award .  west contacted her after she appeared on `` the view '' .  country singer said she accepted his apolog .
 nigeria : the road to boko haram 's heartland <sec> on april 14 , boko haram militants abducted more than 200 girls from a school in nigeria .  the schoolgirls had been sleeping at the school in chibok , in northeastern borno state .  producer lillian leposo was part of a cnn team that spent four days traveling to the village .  they passed numerous checkpoints until the final 45 minute leg to chibok itsel .
 indian pm narendra modi : understanding an enigma <sec> cnn granted first interview with narendra modi since he became indian pm .  modi has a reputation for being an intimidating presence but showed a lighter side .  foreign policy seemed to be rooted in history , not international relations theory .  he candidly talked about growing up poor and defended indian subsidie .
 alleged gunman 's wife worked at nursing home , police say <sec> new : alleged gunman may have been separated from wife .  new : lone police officer took down shooter , chief says .  new : police say they do n't have motive in slayings .  eight people shot and killed sunday at north carolina nursing hom .
 cnn fact check : about those 4.5 million jobs ... <sec> several speakers credited barack obama with an improved jobs picture .  the 4.5 million figure is based on private-sector jobs added since 2010 .  but the u.s. economy is still down 400,000 jobs over obama 's tenur .
 isis reveals its strategy ( opinion ) <sec> isis has published four issues of online magazine detailing its aims .  peter bergen says the group is stressing its territorial ambitions and sectarian approach .  unlike al qaeda , which recruits terrorists vs. the west , isis wants to be a state , he says .  bergen : isis is focused on sustaining and extending its insurgencies in syria and ira .
 fact check : ryan cites unlikely outcome under obamacare <sec> ryan says 20 million americans will lose their health coverage .  a government analysis found a sharp decline `` unlikely '' .  seniors who leave medicare advantage plans would continue coverage under traditional medicar .
 france : we must arm syrian rebels now <sec> an opposition group reports 132 new deaths around syria .  a report says abuses continue , mostly by government , but by rebels , too .  french foreign minister : the rebels must have the ability to defend themselves .  britain 's foreign secretary has also alluded to wanting to arm rebel .
 new peace hopes as kashmir trade route opens <sec> trade route between the two sides the first in six decades .  a heavy military presence occupies strip of land known as the line of control .  kashmir a source of bitter dispute between india and pakistan since 1947 .  trade meant to bolster a 2004 peace accord between the south asian rival .
 agonized families await answers over missing malaysia airlines flight <sec> the family of philip wood describes him as a man of god , honor and integrity .  malaysian transport minister meets with relatives of passengers in his country .  about two-thirds of the passengers on board flight 370 hail from china or taiwan .  families of passengers at a beijing hotel demand `` truth '' from official .
 police name suspect , impound car after fatal shooting , crash on las vegas strip <sec> the suspect fired from his range rover at a maserati in las vegas , police say .  26-year-old ammar harris is at large , though his car has been impounded , they add .  the maserati 's driver was shot , then hit a taxi spurring an explosion that left 2 dead .  the father of the maserati 's driver , an aspiring rapper , says he was `` a good boy .
 mccain : ashton carter wo n't be heard at w.h . <sec> sen. john mccain says ashton carter is qualified for secretary of defense position .  mccain warned that carter will have little say in isis decision making process .  mccain blames the white house for not involving top members at the pentago .
 dutch bank pulls out as pro cycling sponsor <sec> rabobank will end its sponsorship of professional men 's and women 's cycling teams this year .  a report alleging doping by cyclist lance armstrong and others `` speaks volumes , '' it says .  the dutch bank doubts the world of professional cycling `` can make this a clean and fair sport '' .  armstrong denies the allegations against him ; he has lost important backers this wee .
 mike nichols : a generation 's hero ( opinion ) <sec> charles kaiser recalls two encounters with legendary director mike nichols .  he says nichols understood the role of performers because he had been one himself .  kaiser : nichols held a brilliant mirror up to baby boom generation with `` the graduate .
 china and japan 's 'war of words ' <sec> sino-japanese relations fast deteriorating amid tensions over disputed islands in the east china sea .  analysts say china and japan are engaged in a war of propaganda and rhetoric .  jeff kingston : `` these battles over history undermine trust and limit the room for diplomacy .
 pilot dies after plane crashes while fighting australian bush fires <sec> the water-bombing plane crashed south of sydney , authorities said .  `` there 's a family suffering today because their dad has n't come home , '' a fire official says .  more than 60 wildfires still rage in new south wales ; over 20 are not contained .  but the overall threat is lower than wednesday when conditions were most sever .
 is collaboration the future of invention ? <sec> collaborative innovation networks ( coins ) are online communities of innovators .  the world wide web and wikipedia were both developed by coins .  author peter gloor says business needs to take notice of web-based innovators .  benjamin franklin 's club for mutual improvement is an early example of a coi .
 microsoft apologizes for gaffe in online ad <sec> microsoft apologizes for a gaffe in an ad on its polish web site .  ad was altered to replace a black businessman 's head with that of a white man .  `` we are looking into how it happened , '' says a microsoft spokesma .
 obama proposal would let religious groups opt-out of contraception mandate <sec> proposed rules would permit certain groups like hospitals , schools to decline to provide contraception coverage for religious reasons .  but women would still get coverage ; outside provider would pay for contraception separately .  proposal would be shift in policy , could ease friction between obama and religious groups .  new : one group says proposal does nothing to change current polic .
 peta to pet shop boys : rescue shelter boys , perhaps ? <sec> the band has turned down a request from an animal rights group to rename itself .  peta conceded its request at first blush , might appear `` bizarre '' .  `` west end girls '' is one of the many hits the group has had in its long caree .
 homeless woman 's plea to obama draws flood of support <sec> president obama discussed economy in hard-hit fort myers , florida .  henrietta hughes , a homeless woman , issued an emotional plea for help .  white house and local housing officials offered her assistance .  conservatives question how she got to the rally in the first plac .
 north korean defector : 'bureau 121 ' hackers in china <sec> underground network of north korean hackers are operating in china , defector says .  they 're based in shenyang , defector says , near the north korean border .  north korean embassy in beijing and other government officials declined to commen .
 dell 's hybrid tablet coming next week <sec> dell inspiration duo is the hybrid tablet that flips open to become a netbook .  cnet says inspiron duo will be launched `` early next week , '' possibly on november 23 .  tablet has a dual core intel atom cpu and 10-inch touchscree .
 'the walls came tumbling down ' : manhattan blast felt for blocks <sec> missing resident 's family waits for news .  one east harlem resident felt the blast seven blocks away .  `` 1644 park avenue appears not to be there anymore , '' a police spokesman says .  the explosion rattles `` a community in transition .
 mexicans feeling persecuted flee u.s . <sec> a mexican family who entered the u.s. illegally tells how they have now fled the u.s . .  two children , who were born in the u.s. , are struggling to learn in spanish classrooms .  one says he misses the books available in arizona ; the other misses parks and big houses .  the parents say they left the u.s. feeling persecuted by arizona 's new immigration law .
 studying abroad could give you an edge in the job market <sec> first lady michelle obama is in china , promoting international travel and cultural exchange .  while there , she took cnn ireporters ' questions about studying abroad .  she believes it 's beneficial for young americans to travel overseas .  studying abroad could make recent graduates more marketable while job huntin .
 feinstein defends torture report release - cnnpolitics.com <sec> senate intelligence committee chairman dianne feinstein defended her decision to release the torture report .  cia 's tactics deserved to be made public , she argued .  feinstein said she `` would feel very badly '' if american lives were lost as a result of the report 's releas .
 montreux jazz festival co-founder dies after ski accident <sec> claude nobs , the founder of the montreux jazz festival , dies after skiing accident .  nobs , who had been in a coma after a fall , died in hospital in lausanne - swiss media .  nobs co-founded jazz festival in small swiss town in 1967 .  tributes pour in from chic star nile rodgers , george clinton and queen guitarist brian ma .
 apparently this matters : facebook bracelets ? <sec> festival-goers at tomorrowland will wear bracelets that send facebook friend requests .  the wearable tickets are an example of smart technology being used at music festivals .  tomorrowland takes place during the last two weekends in july in boom , belgiu .
 rediscovered cezanne `` card players '' sketch set to sell for millions <sec> study for paul cezanne 's `` the card players '' found among texas art collector 's paintings .  sketch was only known through an old photograph ; not seen since 1953 , feared lost .  finished paintings in the series now hang in some of the world 's best-known galleries .  experts say the study is likely to sell for $ 15 to $ 20 million at auction on may .
 monster fire terrorizes a colorado city <sec> fueled by high winds , the waldo canyon fire doubles in size .  a fire that was in the mountains comes roaring down into the city .  suddenly , it 's not trees but homes going up in flames .  frightened residents evacuate , then wait anxiously to learn the fate of their propertie .
 indian army leads counterattacks on militants in assam <sec> india reaching out to neighboring nations for assistance as it pursues militants .  `` the army is going out with full intensity , '' an indian military spokesman tells cnn .  at least 72 people were killed in the assault by bodo militants on tuesday .  home minister has ruled out talks with outfits indulging in `` cold-blooded murder .
 buffett named world 's richest man <sec> forbes crowns american investor warren buffett as world 's richest person .  after 13 years on top , microsoft 's bill gates drops to number three position .  russia replaces germany as no . .  2 country with 87 billionaires .  facebook founder mark zuckerberg may be youngest self-made billionaire in histor .
 tots at upper-echelon restaurants ? <sec> some patrons at fine restaurants are not pleased with sharing space with disruptive children .  debate is raging after a new york times article .  gramercy tavern chef michael anthony works with local school .  children visit restaurant , learn about manners and farmers market .
 pentagon : more tests will take north korea closer to nuclear missile <sec> a pentagon report to congress gives an overview of north korea 's military threat .  it discusses the north 's progress toward developing a nuclear missile .  the pace of progress will depend on the amount of resources allocated , it says .  the report 's authors say they expect little change in strategy under kim jong u .
 detectives : teens 'were actively seeking victims ' <sec> new : officials condemn attack , fatal stabbing of ecuadoran in long island .  marcello lucero , 37 , and a friend were attacked late saturday night .  jeffrey conroy , 17 , was charged with manslaughter as a hate crime .  six other teenagers charged with gang assault ; all seven plead not guilt .
 meet fuji , the 3-year-old photographer <sec> he may be just three , but onafujiri `` fuji '' remet is already a budding photographer .  based in lagos , nigeria , he snaps street scenes and captures family portraits .  check out the gallery to see some of his image .
 feds : 3 researchers conspired to take bribes from china for u.s. data <sec> the three researchers were working on mri technology at a u.s. university .  their research was partially funded by a multimillion dollar national institutes of health grant .  federal authorities allege that the three took chinese money for their research .  the research went to a chinese company and a government institution , authorities sa .
 1.5 million rally for paris , but what about nigeria ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> france and nigeria experienced waves of terrorism during the first weeks of 2015 .  while the terror attacks in paris sparked international unified outrage , reaction to nigeria was more muted .  symbolism , politics and media all played a role in how france 's response to terrorism was perceive .
 spring snowstorm rocks rockies , menaces midwest <sec> new : i-25 in northern colorado reopens , though visibility is still poor , a state agency says .  a burning semi-tanker was among 20-50 vehicles involved in wrecks there .  part of interstate 70 was also shut down , as colorado got hit hard by the spring snowstorm .  the storm is now heading into the midwest and could eventually hit washingto .
 'eraserhead ' director inspired billy ray cyrus <sec> billy ray cyrus has worked steadily since 1992 's `` achy breaky heart '' .  singer turned to acting on advice of father and director david lynch .  says he prefers working on projects that combine acting and music .  he wo n't reveal the big-name artists he says want to remake his hi .
 seaworld fined $ 75,000 for safety violations <sec> new : seaworld calls osha allegations `` unfounded '' .  the federal agency overseeing worker safety fines seaworld .  the fines follow the death of an animal trainer in february .  osha says seaworld practices put trainers in dange .
 suburban 'tsunami ' kills 98 in jakarta <sec> at least 98 dead , many more missing , from flash floods in jakarta .  flood began after heavy rains caused waters to smash through a dam .  survivors say rumbling of waters sounded like an earthquake .  rescuers are having difficulties reaching people because of mu .
 india and pakistan hold arms talks <sec> no major developments are expected from the high-level talks .  the discussions are aimed at building confidence between the two nuclear powers .  the two countries have fought three wars since the partition of the asian subcontinent in 194 .
 slain mexican student 's loved ones demand justice <sec> julio cesar mondragon 's body was found early september 27 .  the skin had been peeled from his face , and his eyes gouged out .  he and fellow students were attacked in iguala , mexico ; 43 still are missing .  the city 's mayor and his wife were arrested this week , accused of masterminding attac .
 police : nursing home resident sets building on fire in china <sec> wang gui , 45 , lost his temper after accusing another resident of stealing 200 yuan , police say .  authorities say the suspected arsonist was among the 11 killed .  xinhua : the nursing home caters to rural elderly residents with no source of income .  wang was sent there because he suffered a stroke and had no one to take care of hi .
 are these the world 's best drummers ? <sec> a state on brazil 's coast , bahia is the center of the country 's afro-brazilian culture .  home to percussion ensemble olodum , famed for its work with paul simon .  `` from the time kids here are very young , they play drums , '' says a top brazilian percussionist .  drums are at heart of the afro-brazilian religious tradition of candomblã .
 has netanyahu gone too far ? <sec> ziv : by injecting himself into u.s. politics , the israeli prime minister puts at risk a 67-year relationship between two countries .  netanyahu 's speech to congress poses a problem for democrats too , ziv say .
 pakistani taliban attack on enemy commander 's compound kills 17 <sec> the attack strikes the compound of mullah nabi hanfi .  he and his group have supported government forces against the pakistani taliban .  it was n't immediately clear if hanfi was hurt in the blast .  the attack took place in a lawless area of northwestern pakista .
 'american idol ' to get total makeover with exits of carey , minaj <sec> new : minaj `` is a superstar who brought ... honesty and passion , '' show 's producers say .  minaj and mariah carey both announce their exits from `` american idol '' after 1 season .  the two performers had clashed and were n't able to bolster the program 's ratings .  randy jackson announced he was leaving `` american idol '' earlier this mont .
 how schools stifle creativity <sec> sir ken robinson : we 're born with great natural talents .  he says schools systematically suppress many of those innate talents .  schools use testing and other systems to narrowly assess students , he says .  he says they devalue forms of creativity that do n't fit in academic context .
 ed norton hopes to change online fundraising with crowdrise <sec> norton , colleagues have set up a web community of volunteers , fundraisers to support causes .  crowdrise lets users register a cause , ask for donations , communicate with supporters .  large , small nonprofits already using crowdris .
 maersk alabama suspect charged in two other piracy incidents <sec> alleged somali pirate prosecuted in hijackings of two other ships .  new charges filed against abduwali abdukhadir muse .  other ships not identified ; pirates still hold one .  snipers killed three pirates who had hijacked maersk alabama in apri .
 paper : doctors have 'moral obligation ' to prevent misuse of study drugs <sec> doctors obligated to `` prevent misuse of medication , '' position paper says .  16 % of the population of some high schools and colleges may use `` study drugs '' .  drugs that work well for kids with adhd may have negative side effects for healthy childre .
 are we heading for a human-powered future ? <sec> a hong kong gym and london dance club are part powered by human power .  italian inventor lucien gambarota says human power is simple to use .  the concept could be taken to busy places like train stations or into homes .  there are some questions about the economic sense of human powe .
 rebel wilson to host mtv movie awards <sec> the 2013 mtv movie awards is set to air on april 14 .  `` pitch perfect '' star rebel wilson will host the event .  this is the first time a woman has hosted since sarah silverman 's stint in 200 .
 new york city opera files for bankruptcy <sec> the new york city opera filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy thursday .  `` the people 's opera '' was founded on the idea that every new yorker should have access .  for the company to break even , all tickets would have to cost $ 600 each , its gm says .  the company `` did not achieve the goal of its emergency appeal , '' a statement say .
 u.s. to ease restrictions on defense sales to vietnam <sec> u.s. will ease restrictions on defense sales related to maritime security .  the united states has previously maintained a full arms embargo on vietnam .  the policy shift follows aggressive chinese drilling efforts in disputed sea .
 u.s. loosens restrictions regarding cuba <sec> three provisions are attached to $ 410 billion spending bill signed by obama .  travel restrictions to cuba from u.s. loosened ; it will be easier to send money there .  sales of u.s. agricultural and pharmaceutical products could be easier now .  some critics say measures should not have been attached to spending bil .
 egypt secure dramatic playoff <sec> egypt and algeria will face a special one-off world cup playoff match after the hosts claimed a dramatic 2-0 win in cairo .  nigeria secured their place at the 2010 world cup after two goals from obafemi martins gave them a 3-2 win over kenya .  cameroon confirmed their world cup berth with a 2-0 win over morocco as gabon slipped to a 1-0 loss to tog .
 dubai 's expat indians : the world 's most productive foreign workers <sec> the uae is home to almost 2 million indian ex-pats .  many come to earn money they send back to family in india .  more than $ 71 billion was transferred to india from overseas workers last year , world bank say .
 cheney says obama 's policies 'raise the risk ' of u.s. terror attack <sec> new : cheney : harsh interrogations , warrantless eavesdropping `` essential '' .  new : former vice president says bush rebuffed his advice on two big issues .  `` an administration has to be able to respond to [ crises ] and we did , '' cheney said .  cheney cites costs of dealing with 9/11 attacks , wars in afghanistan and ira .
