 china accused of invading disputed islands <sec> protesters hold up japanese flags and chant slogans against china .  beijing says the diaoyu islands belong to china .  in japan , the islands are known as the senkak .
 italian court on reason for knox retrial : evidence neglected <sec> italian high court : evidence could support a sex-game theory .  high court : `` significant evidence '' was neglected in amanda knox 's acquittal .  knox was convicted in 2009 for a stabbing death in italy , but was acquitted in 2011 .  the high court ordered a retrial in march , and released its reasons tuesda .
 lawyer urges not-guilty pleas in india rape case <sec> a lawyer for three suspects says he has advised them to plead not guilty .  five men are charged in the rape and beating death of a woman on a new delhi bus .  a judge ordered proceedings closed amid a tumultuous hearing monda .
 is romney 's campaign stalled ? <sec> gop presidential hopeful mitt romney 's campaign has struggled to gain traction .  president barack obama 's campaign attack ads have taken a toll .  polls show romney lags on what experts say should be his strongest area : the economy .  romney will have to choose a strong running mate , give great convention speec .
 east german trabant to make unlikely comeback as eco-car <sec> relic of communist east germany to be revived as eco-friendly city car .  new electric trabant to be unveiled at international motor show in frankfurt .  car was once the only vehicle available in east before fall of berlin wall .  trabi enthusiasts admire the car 's simplicity , ability to make running repair .
 apple offers $ 10 trade-ins for third-party chargers <sec> starting on august 16 , apple is offering trade-ins on third-party chargers for iphones , ipads .  users can bring charger into an apple store and get an apple-branded adapter for $ 10 .  company statement : `` customer safety is a top priority at apple '' .  a faulty iphone charger may have electrocuted a woman in china last mont .
 australian open champion stanislas wawrinka exits in paris <sec> stanislas wawrinka big name casualty on second day .  wawrinka beaten by guillermo garcia-lopez in four sets .  rafael nadal and novak djokovic win first round matches .  maria sharapova eases through in women 's dra .
 african champions zambia dedicate victory to kalusha bwalya <sec> africa cup of nations champions zambia dedicate victory to former player kalusha bwalya .  bwalya escaped 1993 plane crash that killed 30 people including 18 zambian players .  zambia beat ivory coast in penalty shootout to claim first ever cup of nations title sunda .
 toyota looking at lexus hybrid brakes <sec> toyota has admitted to a software glitch that is causing problems with braking .  toyota : prius `` disconnect '' in anti-lock brake system causes less than a second lag .  prius is not one of the eight models affected by two recent recalls .  toyota estimates the problem with gas pedals will cost it $ 2 billion , 100,000 sale .
 lawyer : zimmerman not a racist <sec> `` i believe his life is in danger , '' zimmerman 's lawyer says .  obama says nation must do some soul-searching over shooting .  special prosecutor not sure grand jury will be necessary in cas .
 the tricky politics of political discourse in the workplace <sec> with republican primaries under way , politics becomes water cooler talk .  those who 've been there prefer to keep political discourse of out the workplace .  `` no discussion ever ends civilly , nobody wins , '' public relations specialist says .  expert : talking politics can work if you know your audience and focus on fact , etiquett .
 top general wo n't dismiss more u.s. involvement in iraq <sec> dempsey says u.s. role could evolve ; kurdish leader calls for vote on independence .  nuns thought to be under isis custody , 3 orphans go missing from church in iraq .  46 indian nurses `` are safe and unharmed , '' indian ministry of external affairs official says .  truck drivers who went missing in mosul have been released , turkish foreign minister say .
 opinion : why new york is wrong about fracking <sec> new york 's decision has nothing to do with health or science .  fracking issue should not be seen in partisan terms , he says .  the process has saved billions and bolstered u.s. energy security .  the integrity of fracking critics has been compromise .
 diana nyad back in u.s. after abandoning cuba to florida swim <sec> new : nyad is unlikely to try the swim again .  nyad says she tried everything she could to keep going .  she struggles through ocean swells , shoulder pain and asthma .  nyad began sunday night and hoped to swim the 103-mile span in 60 hour .
 wife of former syracuse coach plans to sue espn for libel <sec> new : laurie fine wants espn to apologize and retract its reporting .  new : her reputation has been ruined by false reports , she says .  laurie fine plans to sue espn and two reporters , says they destroyed her reputation .  four men have accused bernie fine of abuse ; tape dragged laurie fine into the story in 201 .
 scientists warn of rapid -fire media dangers <sec> usc study says rapid-fire twitter and news updates are too fast for brain .  scans show humans respond rapidly to pain , but not compassion , admiration .  scientists say reliance in twitter or news snippets could harm moral compas .
 army of volunteers works to preserve veterans ' final resting place <sec> the professional landcare network hosts its 16th annual renewal & remembrance .  volunteers work for a day to preserve arlington national cemetery 's grounds .  `` the opportunity to be able ... to preserve something , that really means a lot , '' says a vetera .
 patty murray emerges as bipartisan figure after budget deal <sec> sen. patty murray and rep. paul ryan are key players in budget deal .  murray is a liberal who has some conservative thoughts on budget issues .  she says deal is a compromise , long-term fiscal challenges remai .
 review : 'tinker tailor soldier spy ' the quintessential spy tale <sec> `` tinker tailor soldier spy `` is adapted from john le carré 's 1974 novel .  the film is a spy thriller set during the cold war in 1973 .  the action involves one of britain 's security forces , mi .
 police : 81 cars missing from dealership ; 3 execs in custody <sec> executives alan patch , rachel fait and rick covello arrested .  police say they loaded up 81 cars , emptied offices and homes and left town .  officials say the dealership had been facing financial difficulties .  police looking into the sale of the cars , agreement with toyot .
 what price fine chocolate ? <sec> chocolate should n't be something you can pick up at the gas station for a buck or two , says rick mast .  ingredient list is simple : cacao beans and sugar .  `` we 're bringing out the different characteristics and the flavors people did n't think were imaginable from chocolate , '' said mike mast .
 obama impeachment talk just political theater <sec> tea party dream of ousting the president not realistic .  republican leaders try to tamp down far right 's expectations .  democrats happy to raise money off the issue .  analyst says nullifying elections is `` just not how america works .
 concorde crash trial opens in paris <sec> new : lawyer urges suspension of trial ; judge wants expert testimony .  concorde jet crashed in 2000 , killing 113 people .  five people , continental airlines on trial for involuntary manslaughter .  2004 investigation found thin metal strip caused tire to burs .
 guess who 's coming to dinner while dad 's deployed ? <sec> sarah smiley is a writer and mom whose navy husband is deployed for 13 months .  sarah suggested that her sons invite special guests to fill dad 's place at the dinner table .  the smileys have hosted a maine senator , a police chief and a cancer survivo .
 okla. teacher after tornado : 'we love these kids like they 're our own ' <sec> new : a teacher was impaled by the leg of a desk while protecting her children .  new : `` amazingly , by the grace of god , i kept it together , '' she says .  new : another teacher distracted students with games and songs .  everyone survived at briarwood elementary , which was leveled by monday 's tornad .
 althea gibson : the 'she-ro ' who inspired tennis to change <sec> althea gibson was the first black woman to win a major tennis championship .  gibson won five singles , five doubles and one mixed doubles titles at majors .  upon retiring from tennis , gibson became a professional golfer .  she also became a recording artist and starred in a movie with john wayn .
 graphene : the nano-sized material with a massive future <sec> graphene is the world 's first two-dimensional material to be discovered .  no material is stronger , thinner or more conductive than graphene .  mit professor tomas palacios says graphene will change all our lives .  numerous applications for graphene in fields of computing , energy and medicin .
 shock draw dents spain 's world cup qualification hopes <sec> spain battling to automatically qualify for 2014 world cup after finland draw .  trip to paris could prove vital as france move two points clear in group i .  croatia wins grudge match against serbia to boost qualification hopes .  germany and the netherlands remain unbeaten at top of respective group .
 5 things you did n't know about janet yellen <sec> the senate confirms janet yellen as the next chair of u.s. federal reserve .  current chairman ben bernanke will complete his second term this month .  yellen will be the first woman head in the fed 's 100-year history .  the native new yorker has extensive economic and academic experienc .
 house approves senate 's fiscal cliff deal <sec> new : house approves the deal late tuesday night .  the vote was an up-or-down vote on the senate compromise .  lawmakers were under a tight deadline ; a new congress is set to be sworn in thursda .
 american says he would die for justice in bangladesh <sec> what was an american doing in the midst of an intense protest in bangladesh ? .  ruhel ahmed is a veteran of the 1971 war at the heart of bangladesh demonstrations .  he has been in the u.s. for a few weeks , but plans to return soon for several month .
 ted cruz : democrats ' new bogeyman <sec> democrats cast cruz as right wing zealot , hope to hang him around every republican office-seeker .  `` we 're more than happy to have a debate with them '' over cruz , democratic operative says .  website depicts cruz telling an anguished house speaker boehner , `` i got it from here , bud '' .  virginia governor candidate in awkward position , slamming shutdown while appearing with cru .
 sri lankan army renews attack on tamil rebels <sec> new : fears voiced by unicef for children trapped in the escalating fighting .  upsurge in hostilities follows cessation for new year .  u.n. humanitarian chief : large number of people crowded in very small area .  tamil tigers , sri lanka government locked in conflict lasting nearly 25 year .
 the 'missing chapter ' in british history <sec> rare photographs of black britons in the late 19th and early 20th century are on display at rivington place , london .  over 200 images exploring the black presence in victorian britain have been revealed to the public for the very first tim .
 the power of a story <sec> elif shafak is an award winning novelist who writes in turkish and english .  she spoke about storytelling and identity politics at ted global conference .  shafak 's next novel will focus on experiences of an immigrant family in london , england .  in an excerpt , she writes about a turkish mother 's bitterness at having daughters but no son .
 if mad max were an architect , here 's what he 'd build <sec> justin plunkett , a cape town designer , has created a mad max fantasy world .  he layered multiple photographs , combining them with computer-generated illustration .  the series is part study in south african architecture , part commentary on life in the countr .
 bomb explodes outside greek parliament ; no casualties <sec> new : `` democracy can not be terrorized , '' prime minister says .  newspaper received call that bomb was outside greece 's parliament building .  authorities closed off area before explosive was detonated .  greece 's tomb of the unknown soldier is in front part of buildin .
 barcelona and real madrid among clubs probed by european commission <sec> ec seeks to know if government support gave the clubs an unfair advantage over rivals .  it announces `` in-depth investigation into public funding of certain '' clubs .  spain 's foreign minister says all the operations analyzed complied with spanish law .  inquiries will look at `` possible tax privileges , '' land transfer , state-backed loan .
 angelina jolie and brad pitt to co-star in 'by the sea ' <sec> angelina jolie and brad pitt will co-star on screen for the first time in nine years .  the couple met on the set of 2005 's `` mr. and mrs. smith '' .  jolie will direct , they both will produce `` by the sea .
 bhutan grieves for destroyed historic site <sec> prime minister says dzong , destroyed by fire on sunday , will be rebuilt .  dzong not only housed temples but served as administrative seat for district .  most of the dzong 's sacred relics -- hundreds of them -- were saved , home minister says .  king jigme khesar namgyel wangchuck and queen have been on scene since the fir .
 jay z 's tidal tweets : the best responses <sec> the rapper/entrepreneur went `` stream of consciousness '' on twitter .  he asked users to be patient with tidal , his new music streaming service .  a parody account was set up to mock his hashta .
 16 still missing after chopper ditches in atlantic <sec> new : search to continue `` until there 's absolutely no chance '' of locating survivors .  new : people aboard chopper should be wearing survival suits , locator beacons .  one survivor in hospital , one man found dead , 16 still missing .  18 aboard were oil workers ; copter ditched into waters off newfoundlan .
 rand paul blasts obama as arrogant 'autocrat ' <sec> rand paul says president obama has been acting like an `` autocrat '' .  he blames the president for his uses of executive action .  paul wove in christian themes in his speech at the social conservative gatherin .
 answering a call : americans in israel 's military <sec> about 750 americans are currently in the israeli military , an advocacy group says .  in israel , military service is required of all citizens at age 18 , male and female .  that includes young americans with dual citizenship living in israel .  those outside israel can apply if they meet requirements including speaking hebre .
 olympic show opens with a bang <sec> new : fireworks , drummers in opening ceremony of 2008 summer olympics .  bomb threat forces air china to cancel some flights .  president bush among world leaders attending opening ceremony .  more than 10,000 athletes to compete for about 300 gold medal .
 warren buffett on sisters , children and parents <sec> billionaire warrent buffett talks to cnn 's poppy harlow about girls education .  more about cnn 's girl rising projec .
 u.s. drone and copter , coalition snipers helped afghans <sec> a predator drone flew near the kabul hotel , coalition officials said .  a u.s. blackhawk helicopter carried snipers toward the hotel , they said .  special forces from a nato-led team advised afghan security forces .  coalition officials say that afghan forces took the lea .
 is secession bid more than a cry of rage ? <sec> tim stanley : secession movement reveals real feelings of some conservatives .  he says it 's not realistic , but still shows far right 's feeling of dispossession in u.s. politics .  he says election stoked idea of two americas ; conservatives fear they are the new minority .  stanley : gop must integrate secession group into mainstream , legitimate politic .
 memoirs of a memoir writer <sec> celebrity memoirs fill bookshelves before the holiday season .  many celebrities might not have the time or skill set to write their own books , expert says .  five ghostwriters worked with zsa zsa gabor before her memoirs were finally finishe .
 jesse owens ' gold medal auctioned for nearly $ 1.5 million , sets record <sec> jesse owens ' only remaining gold medal sells at auction for nearly $ 1.5 million .  it 's the highest price ever paid for olympic memorabilia .  new owner ron burkle , co-owner of the pittsburgh penguins , plans to put in on tour .  it is unclear what happened to owens ' three other medal .
 technology can help beat extremists ( opinion ) <sec> white house is holding summit on countering violent extremism this week .  isis has run hashtag campaigns to tap into trending topics on twitte .
 debate coach : it 's the biden show ! <sec> thursday night 's debate was the joe biden show , says debate coach todd graham .  for the first half , the vice president was at his best , graham says .  biden 's strength was his approach to middle class and senior citizens , he says .  graham : for much of the second half though , biden seemed out of contro .
 3rd body found in yosemite is identified as missing woman <sec> ramina badal , 21 , was one of three hikers swept over a waterfall in july .  her body was found saturday .  the bodies of the other hikers have also been identifie .
 knicks ' raymond felton arrested on gun charges <sec> raymond felton arrested on initial charges of criminal possession of a weapon .  police : felton illegally had firearm , loaded ammunition magazine .  arrest came hours after knicks ' loss to mavericks at madison square garde .
 opinion : who changed history in 2013 ? <sec> frida ghitis : some individuals made a huge impact by challenging the status quo .  ghitis : if not for edward snowden , we would n't know about nsa 's massive spying .  she says pope francis is challenging the mighty forces of catholic tradition .  ghitis : we are all not just witnesses ; we are the protagonists of our own tim .
 data for boston investigation will be crowdsourced <sec> law enforcement reviewing `` any kind of media '' boston marathon crowd recorded .  material is extensive due to smaller , cheaper , more available devices like smartphones .  a downside is police struggling to work through all the materia .
 body of apparent stowaway falls from miami-bound plane <sec> body fell from wheel well of 767 taking off from dominican republic , faa says .  faa spokeswoman kathleen bergen says agency is investigating incident .  amerijet flight 840 landed about two hours later at miami international airpor .
 critic roger ebert appealed to all types of movie fans <sec> movie critic roger ebert appealed to film aficionados and the popcorn-loving masses .  in 1975 , ebert was the first film critic to win a pulitzer prize .  ebert 's legacy is explored in cnn films ' `` life itself .
 syria shock saudi arabia at asian cup ; japan snatch draw <sec> three-time asian cup champions saudi arabia lose 2-1 to syria in opening game .  syrians , ranked 107th in world , triumph in first match at tournament since 1996 .  japan , also seeking a record fourth title , snatch late equalizer against jordan .  the 16-team tournament continues on monday with first matches of group c schedul .
 eagles become internet sensation as eggs hatch on webcam <sec> livecam shows nesting bald eagles on campus of berry college in north georgia .  thousands watched online last weekend as two eggs hatche .
 victory for lesbian , years after her partner 's death <sec> edith windsor and thea spyer met in new york and were together more than 40 years .  they could n't legally marry in the u.s. , but they did tie the knot in 2007 in toronto .  when spyer died , windsor paid a large inheritance tax -- then fought it in court .  a court rules their union was valid ; the supreme court is hearing the cas .
 helen clark : from new zealand prime minister to u.n. heavyweight <sec> helen clark opens up about being third most powerful person at u.n . .  former nz prime minister now head of u.n. development program .  first female to hold position at u.n. , ranked 21 on forbes list of powerful wome .
 a wedding to defy death <sec> jessica keenan , 34 , has stage 4 breast cancer .  one of her dreams is to get married to defy her terminally ill prognosis .  the dream foundation is helping her dream come true .  the foundation helps terminally ill adults with their last wishe .
 survivors speak out as death toll climbs in brazilian floods <sec> `` i hugged my baby tight . .  that 's the last thing i remember , '' one survivor recalls .  an 18-year-old describes taking cover inside a refrigerator .  the official death toll in rio de janeiro state is 759 .  at least 24 people have been killed in the neighboring state of sao paul .
