 ex-pilot convicted of being drunk on flight in 2009 <sec> aaron jason cope , 32 , was the monitoring pilot aboard the december 2009 flight .  the flight 's captain detected the smell of alcohol after he `` took a big whiff '' of cope .  he blew a .094 on a breathalyzer shortly after plane arrived in denver from austin , texas .  cope , who now faces up to 15 years in prison , was due to pilot the next fligh .
 tsunami watch issued for five countries canceled <sec> watch covered india , myanmar , thailand , indonesia and bangladesh .  it was issued after a 7.6-magnitude earthquake in the indian ocean .  quake with 6.4-magnitude occurred near japan 12 minutes late .
 southern sudan needs help to avoid war , aid agencies say <sec> aid groups : peace deal signed in 2005 `` on the brink of collapse '' .  aid groups : about 2,500 people killed , 350,000 fled in southern sudan last year .  u.n. : more people killed in southern sudan in 2009 than in darfur .  report : protecting civilians should be core priority for u.n. peacekeeper .
 emirates leader discounts fear of iranian bomb <sec> `` what can iran do with a nuclear weapon ? '' .  al maktoum asks .  the iaea said it has evidence iran has worked toward a bomb .  iran insists its nuclear program is peacefu .
 measles confirmed at chicago-area day care <sec> two cases of measles confirmed at chicago-area day care center .  three additional cases of measles diagnosed at the center , but not yet confirmed .  day care workers and children who have n't been vaccinated for measles sent home for 21 day .
 'capital factory ' spurs startups in austin <sec> capital factory aims to attract , keep tech startups in austin , texas .  `` austinpreneur '' josh baer says 22,000-square-foot space will be a focal point .  backers say putting lots of startups in one space creates excitement .  south by southwest , university of texas are part of the center 's networ .
 the right way and the wrong way to protest chick-fil-a <sec> lz granderson : i was a chick-fil-a fan until i heard of its stance on gay rights .  he says the constitution does n't allow mayors to ban chick-fil-a based on its president 's views .  the constitution does permit people to peacefully protest , he say .
 pentagon : talk between top lawyer , wikileaks attorney did n't happen <sec> wikileaks has said it plans to post thousands more leaked documents .  a pentagon official countered reports that the pentagon had contact with the website .  a phone call was planned but the wikileaks attorney was a no-show , the pentagon says .  that lawyer says he never agreed to a cal .
 snapshots of russia by train <sec> moscow correspondent matthew chance travels across russia by train .  chance 's journey begins in murmansk in arctic , ends in sochi on black sea .  chance meets russian boxer nikolai valuev , samples cosmonaut trainin .
 marie osmond 's son committed suicide , police say <sec> michael blosil was 18 years old , one of osmond 's eight children .  `` my family and i are devastated and in deep shock , '' entertainer says in statement .  family spokesman announced blosil 's death saturda .
 feds subpoena kendrick johnson 's schoolmates amid teen 's death probe <sec> current and former students from lowndes county schools seen at courthouse .  grand jury calls witnesses in kendrick johnson 's death after feds take over probe .  johnson was found in a rolled-up gym mat at lowndes high school in 2013 .  parents say they 're encouraged by federal investigation , but ultimately want justic .
 ugandans vote in presidential election <sec> election could extend the term of president yoweri museveni .  museveni has been in power for 25 years .  this is the third consecutive time the opposition front-runner has run against hi .
 dmitry tursunov : life in the tennis twilight zone <sec> dmitry tursunov is ranked 40th in the world .  russian reached a career high of 20th in 2006 .  the 30-year-old has won seven career titles but no grand slams .  has also enjoyed a successful doubles career with six title .
 suspect : boston attack was payback for hits on muslims <sec> new : fbi director reiterates investigation found no terror ties to tamerlan tsarnaev .  source : dzhokhar tsarnaev left a message in boat where he was found hiding .  he wrote that the boston marathon bombing victims were collateral damage .  dzhokhar also said he expected to join his brother in deat .
 why john cusack loves edgar allan poe <sec> john cusack plays author edgar allan poe in `` the raven '' .  poe is at center of a murder investigation , where the killer gets inspiration from poe 's work .  cusack : `` a story that is fiction that tries to get you inside the head of poe .
 uk lawyer to file hacking lawsuit against news corp in u.s . <sec> new : andy coulson is taking legal action against news corp. , his lawyer says .  lawyer mark lewis says an initial hearing may take place in new york this fall .  news corp is the parent company of the publishers of news of the world .  outrage over claims of phone hacking by the newspaper 's journalists led to its closur .
 general anesthesia in infancy linked to higher risk of adhd <sec> higher chance of adhd found in infants who had two surgeries .  having a single surgical procedure did not appear to increase risk .  the longer a child was unconscious , the greater the adhd ris .
 bush 's legacy evokes passionate , sometimes angry reader response <sec> ireport.com : readers share impassioned , often angry , thoughts on bush .  cathy cott says she feels frustration coming to a boil at the mention of him .  chris molisani says he ca n't remember bush 's years before september 11 .  maria davis wants to see him give a unifying departing speec .
 air marshal official sidelined for 'culturally insensitive ' comment <sec> an investigation of the incident is under way .  the official involved has been reassigned for now , tsa officials say .  reached by cnn , the official declines to commen .
 u.n. to eu troops : use force in central african republic if need be <sec> the u.n. security council unanimously adopts a measure related to the car .  it extends peacekeepers ' mandate there ; it adds travel bans and asset freezes .  the african nation has been beset by violence and political turmoi .
 african-american women 's battalion from wwii honored <sec> women were enlisted to help with backlog of mail that was decreasing morale .  they worked in freezing conditions but sorted 65,000 letters a shift .  women had to find who letters addressed to `` buster '' or `` junior '' were for .  women responsible for mail for more than 7 million service members and civilian .
 why etch a sketch gibe will be hard for romney to shake <sec> michael wolraich : etch a sketch gaffe-turned-joke highlights bind romney was already in .  he says in truth etch a sketch leaves residue on screen after a shake , a better analogy here .  he says voters forget actual policy promises ; they remember gaffes , one-liners , labels .  wolraich : romney can defend consistency all he wants , but it 's the new pithy gibe that will stic .
 opinion : what canada can teach gop on immigration <sec> edward alden : gop in the midst of historic debate on immigration reform .  republicans can learn from transformation of canada 's conservatives on immigration .  by adopting pro-immigrant views , the conservatives became a dominant part .
 political leaders bid farewell to west virginia 's favorite son <sec> west virginia sen. robert byrd is honored at memorial service .  obama , biden , pelosi , reid and mcconnell are among the mourners .  obama : the arc of byrd 's life `` bent towards justice '' .  byrd is to be buried tuesda .
 taken in 30 seconds : video shows u.s. capture of suspect anas al-libi <sec> video shows u.s. commandos pulling suspect from his car .  anas al-libi is put into a white van and driven away .  he 's accused in the deadly bombing of two u.s. embassies in africa .  al-libi is now being held in new york on conspiracy , murder charge .
 texas nuclear weapons plant on lockdown <sec> `` potential security situation '' led to lockdown , plant says in release .  pantex plant is the nation 's only nuclear weapons assembly , disassembly facility .  plant supplies u.s. department of energy/national nuclear security administratio .
 hundreds of unknown remains laid to rest with dignity in l.a . <sec> more than 1,600 unclaimed bodies are cremated each year at an l.a. cemetery .  about 15 people came wednesday for a service marking the latest burials .  `` so many untold stories and so many disconnected people , '' one say .
 lindsey graham unfiltered : jokes about white men , baptists <sec> lindsey graham spoke at a private club in october .  graham jokes `` white men who are in male-only clubs are going to do great in my presidency '' .  graham confirmed recording of joke .
 startup unveils 3-d scanner at sxsw <sec> startup makerbot on friday unveils a desktop device that can scan small 3-d objects .  the resulting digital file can then be used to print a 3-d replica of the object .  makerbot ceo bre pettis : `` there 's a renaissance going on ( in 3-d printing ) now '' .  pettis was speaking friday at the south by southwest interactive festiva .
 u.s. commercial flights resume to haiti <sec> commercial air service from u.s. to haiti had been suspended since january 12 quake .  american airlines says it plans three flights daily from florida to haiti .  airline official : `` flights serve as major milestones toward helping the country rebuild .
 amy winehouse pushes life to the edge <sec> amy winehouse as famous for tabloid coverage as talent .  winehouse broke through in america with grammy-winning `` back to black '' .  singer undeniably talented , also in grip of life-threatening addiction .
 cape verde to open africa cup of nations <sec> minnows cape verde will open africa cup of nations when taking on hosts south africa .  island nation of half a million inhabitants caused shock of qualifying when eliminating four-time winners cameroon .  favorites ivory coast drawn in tough group d with algeria , tunisia and togo .  reigning champions zambia must face nigeria , burkina faso and ethiopi .
 monumental expectations for obama 's inauguration address <sec> new : aides says obama 's speech will call for a new era of responsibility .  his inauguration speech is being compared to roosevelt 's and kennedy 's .  obama is expected to `` calm the nation '' like fdr did in 1933 , columnist says .  the first african-american president is also likely to refer to mlk 's addres .
 number of measles cases growing , california says <sec> the number of measles cases in california has grown to 73 , health department says .  50 of those cases have been linked to disneyland , it say .
 baseball owners pick rob mandred as commissioner <sec> new : outgoing commissioner bud selig says there were `` a significant number of votes '' .  new : rob manfred says he has `` very big shoes to fill '' .  selig is retiring from the job he 's held for more than 20 years .  manfred spent 15 years as mlb 's executive vice president of labor relation .
 s.f . sheriff charged with domestic abuse <sec> sheriff 's wife says couple will fight allegations .  mayor calls charges `` extremely serious and troubling '' .  ross mirkarimi is accused of domestic violenc .
 cnn student news transcript : november 9 , 2009 <sec> note the celebration and condemnation surrounding a house bill on health care .  step inside a museum that chronicles a historic struggle for political freedom .  observe how horses are being used to help those who 've served their country .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 premier league first as indian owners to take over blackburn <sec> indian poultry giant venkys set to take over english premier league blackburn .  the company will be first indian owners in the premier league .  blackburn desperate for investment after indifferent start to the seaso .
 sunrise to sunset in oslo <sec> for the best views of oslo fjord catch a lunch cruise on a wooden sailing ship .  vigeland park is 2km out of town and has more than 200 giant sculptures .  for the best seafood and sunset dine at solsiden opposite the aker brygge comple .
 some could go days without power in cold northeast <sec> new : about 578,000 in at least three states without power after snow , ice storm .  new : thousands of utility workers flood storm-damaged states to fix lines .  `` we 're very content , '' suburban philadelphia couple say despite no power .  central u.s. to remain cold , but next storm unlikely to cause major problem .
 spain win again to extend unbeaten streak <sec> spain extend their unbeaten run to 35 matches with 2-0 win over south africa .  the european champions win all three of their confederation cup group games .  spain will set a new record of 36 unbeaten matches if they win their semifina .
 selfie sticks : the hottest gift you are n't getting <sec> `` selfie stick '' devices allow users to extend their camera phones .  thousands have sold overseas , but not in the united states .  south korea has banned `` unregulated '' selfie sticks with bluetoot .
 mexican police capture alleged cartel leader <sec> authorities say mario cardenas guillen is a leader of the gulf cartel .  he was captured in a military operation monday .  he is wanted in connection with a number of cocaine trafficking cases , officials say .  his brother , osiel cardenas guillen , was the cartel 's founder and former leade .
 olympic filmmaker bud greenspan dies <sec> olympic documentary filmmaker bud greenspan dies at 84 .  greenspan died of complications from parkinson 's disease , his companion says .  greenspan made uplifting films about olympic athletes overcoming traged .
 lesson from history for olympic missile row ? <sec> british ministry of defence plans to place missiles on top of east london apartment block .  former match factory chosen because of proximity to , and view over , olympic park .  residents angry at lack of consultation , fear missiles will make homes a terrorist target .  historian says those angry at plans could take inspiration from match girls ' strike of 188 .
 pittsburgh airport scene of high-profile arrivals for g-20 <sec> representatives of world 's largest economies meeting for two days in pittsburgh .  twenty-three heads of state arriving in the space of a few hours at airport .  leaders ' arrivals will take place away from commercial passenger terminals .  delegates and support staff also on hand ; airport says there wo n't be any delay .
 4 female war veterans sue u.s. military over policy against women in combat <sec> servicewomen who served in iraq , afghanistan say military discriminates against them .  u.s. military has longstanding policy against women in ground combat .  women awarded purple stars and who were involved in firefights are battling the polic .
 'killing fields ' survivor documents cambodian genocide <sec> youk chhang was 13 when the khmer rouge came to power in cambodia .  he survived by eating whatever he could find and eventually fled to the u.s . .  back in his homeland , he now runs the documentation center of cambodia .  `` dc-cam '' is the world 's largest repository of information about the genocid .
 'galaxy quest ' tv series in the works <sec> `` galaxy quest '' tv series in the works .  show would be based on the cult classic 1999 sci-fi comed .
 family of man who shot co-workers at fedex is 'shocked and devastated ' <sec> police say shooter was 19-year-old geddy l. kramer of acworth , georgia .  kramer shot six people , then killed himself at fedex facility tuesday , police sa .
 what became of the ground zero flag ? <sec> cnn films production looks at flag raised at world trade center .  it became a potent symbol of unity across america .  while the real one went missing , did the substitute serve same purpose .
 spain : 4 arrested , suspected of planning terror attacks <sec> interior minister : `` they were willing to carry out an attack '' .  2 pairs of brothers arrested in spanish territory of ceuta .  minister : they had similarities to those behind the charlie hebdo massacr .
 opinion : five moral issues in bergdahl swap <sec> frida ghitis : obama dealt with reconciling `` no deal with terrorists , '' `` no one left behind '' .  ghitis : another issue : if bergdahl left his post , does `` leave no one behind '' apply to deserters ? .  she asks : what cost is too high in saving a hostage ? .  israel contended with this many times .  ghitis : does the life of one person we know warrant losing others we might not know .
 avonte oquendo 's family seeks nypd files on his disappearance <sec> avonte oquendo went missing from his school on october 4 .  the autistic 14-year-old 's remains were found recently .  dna tests confirmed this week that remains that washed up in queens were his .  a private funeral for avonte will be held saturda .
 steven tyler makes first ever visit to playboy mansion <sec> aerosmith frontman steven tyler recently made his first trek to the playboy manision .  `` i was too busy in someone 's bathroom getting high , '' tyler explained as to why he had not been before .  the singer was there to participate in rock 'n ' roll fantasy cam .
 holy court action ! can 'dark knight ' beat turkish mayor ? <sec> `` the dark knight '' has been the biggest grossing film worldwide of 2008 .  mayor of turkish town of batman threatens to sue film 's director for copyright .  batman , population 250,000 , also shares its name with a province and a river .  warner bros , studio behind movie , says it is not aware of any court actio .
 abba drummer dies in apparent accident <sec> ola brunkert , who toured with abba in '70s , dies on spanish island , police say .  brunkert apparently fell against glass partition that broke , cutting his throat .  drummer played on swedish pop group 's first single , `` people need love .
 guatemala genocide trial hits hurdles at outset <sec> the retrial of efrain rios montt on charges of genocide started this week .  rios montt is a former dictator of guatemala .  an earlier conviction for genocide was annulle .
 n.y. police : landing gear part found , is tied to 9/11 <sec> new : the nypd says boeing has confirmed the part came from a 767 .  new : both planes that slammed into the twin towers were 767s .  police believe the piece is part of a landing gear from one of the 9/11 airliners .  the medical examiner will do an examination for human remains , kelly say .
 experts detail 5 challenges for china <sec> experts explain what they think is china 's biggest challenge .  economist li gan stresses the country 's need to get the poor spending .  stephanie kleine-ahlbrandt from international crisis group writes on china 's foreign policy .  issues of too many men , sustainable growth and factional splits are said to be issue .
 how 'the tiger ' fought the east german stasi <sec> as a child , cnn 's fred pleitgen lived in east berlin under the watchful eye of the stasi .  his father fritz , a journalist at a west german tv network , says the stasi broke into the family flat .  fritz : stasi 's nightmare was `` an alliance of western journalists with the east german people '' .  fred pleitgen : it 's amazing how far german capital has come since the berlin wall came dow .
 india 's auto expo opens as sales continue to stall <sec> the 12th delhi auto expo opens on february 7 .  compacts continue to dominate attention .  auto market remains sluggish in india , but global manufacturers willing to bet on the long-term .  india 's private cars remain a big contributor to pollution and congestion woe .
 how strong is link between faith , terrorism ? ( opinion ) <sec> role of islam was discussed after the shootings in ottawa .  reza aslan says simply having a certain belief does n't cause one to engage in terrorism .  he says the real issue should be how people act , not what faith they hol .
 opinion : when chemical weapons killed 90,000 <sec> paul schulte says wwi ushered in era of chemical weapons use that lingers today .  he says such things as mustard gas brought agony : blindness , disability , often death .  treaties have sought to rein them in but are not always successful , as in syria , he says .  chemical warfare was universally criminalized , schulte says , but behavior remains toxi .
