 exotic vacations may be closer than you think <sec> st. augustine , florida , offers old world spain without leaving north america .  400-year-old quebec city is the only fortified city north of mexico .  california has a slice of africa 's serengeti : cheetahs , zebra and wildebeest .  michigan 's leelanau and old mission peninsulas offer excellent wine touris .
 history knows many searches akin to missing malaysia flight 370 <sec> the hunt for malaysia airlines flight 370 conjures up other great searches by mankind .  the holy grail , never found , is a metaphor for all monumental quests .  the ocean searches for the titanic , air france 447 ended with success .  is our greatest search the one to know whether we are alone .
 jameis winston 's accuser : 'this was rape ' <sec> a student at florida state university has accused quarterback jameis winston of rape .  the family of the woman disputed claims by winston 's attorney that it was consensual sex .  `` to be clear , the victim did not consent , '' the woman 's family sai .
 persieing : the latest world cup craze <sec> dutch striker robin van persie sparks new social media craze `` perseing '' .  man utd striker 's acrobatic opening goal against spain strikes chord with fans .  supporters across the globe recreating his acrobatic pos .
 new details revealed in 'pizza collar bomb ' heist <sec> case of bomb-wearing bank robber pizza delivery man occurred in 2003 .  man who allegedly knew about the bomb and the robbery was allowed to go free .  erie , pennsylvania , case one of the most bizarre bank robberies in fbi history .  two people were convicted in the robbery ; fbi closed the case this yea .
 'battlestar galactica ' to air final episode <sec> show featured group of survivors from an attack that wiped out most of humanity .  it went into development shortly after the september 11 , 2001 , attacks .  executive producer : some of the themes of the show derived directly from the attacks .  original `` battlestar galactica '' series ran from 1978 to 198 .
 gareth bale steals limelight on night bobby moore is remembered <sec> gareth bale scores twice as spurs come from behind to win 3-2 at west ham .  welshman lights up a night where former west ham legend bobby moore is remember .  victory takes spurs above chelsea into third in the premier league tabl .
 continuing the legacy <sec> arts organizations gathered in atlanta to celebrate the legacy of martin luther king jr . .  teen leader chaz wright encourages others to make the king holiday a day of service .  for more ways to change the world , visit www.serve.gov/mlkda .
 chris paul fined $ 25,000 by nba for comment about ref <sec> chris paul said a rookie referee made a bad call , so working in the nba `` might not be for her . '' .  critics called him sexist while supporters said he was just complaining about what he thought was a bad call .  paul has been fined once before -- $ 15,000 in 201 .
 iceland likely to name world 's first gay premier <sec> johanna sigurdardottir is on track to succeed prime minister geir haarde .  haarde resigned after the collapse of iceland 's main banks , currency .  sigurdardottir is currently the minister of social affairs and social security .  negotiations are underway between sigurardottir 's party and potential partner .
 stephen hawking sings monty python 's 'galaxy song ' <sec> stephen hawking is a famed cosmologist and mathematician .  he sings monty python 's `` galaxy song '' in a hilarious new vide .
 incredible tornado video caught in seconds <sec> anthony khoury captured an incredible video of a tornado sweeping through his neighborhood .  this tornado was one of dozens that occurred across the midwest on sunday .  khoury says the storm left many parts of his neighborhood destroye .
 what 's wrong with american politics <sec> from fdr in the 1930s on , some have argued that parties should be polarized .  we 're seeing consequences of dems as liberal party , gop as conservative one , authors say .  they say this has led to gridlock and the loss of talented leaders who can work with other party .  gergen , zuckerman : obama , romney have been firing up ideological base of their partie .
 robin williams ' daughter quits social media after abuse <sec> zelda williams , 25 , is the daughter of robin williams , who died monday .  she quit twitter and instagram after receiving `` cruel '' images of her father .  someone sent her photoshopped images of her dad 's dead body .  twitter says it 's reviewing its protection policies in light of the incident .
 striking a blow for wind power <sec> a fifth of denmark 's electricity comes from wind power .  horns rev 2 is the world 's biggest offshore wind farm .  the tiny island of samso produces all its own electricity .  samso 's residents can buy shares in two of the island 's turbine .
 alleged al qaeda operative abu anas al libi pleads not guilty <sec> abu anas al libi was a member of al qaeda , u.s. officials say .  authorities say he played role in bombings at american embassies in 1998 .  suspect 's lawyer : al libi is mentioned in just 3 paragraphs of 150-page indictment .  libya protests not getting consular access to al libi ; a u.s. official says it will happe .
 syria-related clashes rage in lebanon , leaving 13 dead <sec> lebanese media : clashes continue early sunday in tripoli , leading to one death .  12 people were killed saturday during fighting in tripoli , state news reports .  recent clashes pit factions opposed to and supporting the syrian regime .  tripoli residents say the situation had calmed by late sunda .
 els retains arnold palmer invitational title <sec> ernie els wins the arnold palmer invitational in orlando .  els holds off late charge from american kevin na .  it is the second year in a row els has won the tournamen .
 21 dead , 21 missing after ferry capsizes in myanmar <sec> 167 people have been rescued , myanmar 's government says .  the ferry capsized after being hit by a large wave in bad weather condition .
 u.s. hands over saddam-era officials to iraqis <sec> the detainees include two of saddam hussein 's half-brothers .  they were all tried and condemned to die .  the transfer is the last step in the united states relinquishing control of camp croppe .
 can kuwaiti cash revive football 's fallen giant ? <sec> kuwaiti family buys former european cup winner nottingham forest .  english club has been out of the elite division for more than a decade .  experts say there is great value in buying a team with such a rich history .  al-hasawi family said to have more soccer knowledge than some failed investor .
 lightbulb babies and fairytale castles : your christmas traditions <sec> cnn asked people to send images of christmas celebrations where they live .  ireporters sent in the best shots from as far afield as colombia , the philippines and china .  some of the most intriguing featured light displays , markets , parades and religious service .
 west memphis 3 cases to receive hearing , possible new trial <sec> the arkansas supreme court sent the cases back for a hearing .  the three were convicted of the 1993 murders of three cub scouts .  dna evidence found at the scene did not belong to the men convicte .
 amid gaza truce , the daunting challenge of rebuilding <sec> more than 60 construction companies in gaza were hit during the conflict .  business owner : `` you ca n't rebuild gaza again until these kind of factories rebuild '' .  indirect talks between israelis and palestinians are taking place in cairo .  the talks are taking place amid a three-day cease-fire brokered by egyp .
 amanpour : live on cnn from september 21 <sec> cnn 's chief international correspondent christiane amanpour launches new show .  `` amanpour , '' cnni 's flagship live interview show , debuts on september 21 .  amanpour has reported around the globe for cnn for more than 25 years .  `` i want this show to stir the global conscience , '' amanpour say .
 3 accused in pay-to-stay schools for asian students <sec> cnn attends federal raid , finds school abandoned , resembling movie set .  three defendants collected as much as $ 6 million in annual tuition from about 1,500 students .  students largely came from south korea and china , feds sa .
 royal ascot : disappointment for queen elizabeth ii <sec> queen elizabeth ii suffers more disappointment at ascot .  queen 's horse beaten by contributer in wolferton handicap stakes .  rizeena wins coronation stake .
 why michael bublé is marrying his wife again <sec> bublé married argentine actress luisana loreley lopilato de la torre on march 31 .  they 're having another ceremony in canada with 500 guests .  he and lopilato , 23 , had a three week-long honeymoo .
 bolivia , peru fight over 'national costume ' <sec> miss peru , karen schwarz , set off firestorm in bolivia with andean-inspired outfit .  bolivia 's cultural minister threatens to go to international court .  report : peru cultural director says bolivia has no grounds to claim dance .  peru also threatens to go to court : over maritime dispute with chile and bolivi .
 family of rutgers suicide victim lends name to bill <sec> the family of tyler clementi consented to the use of his name on the legislation .  the legislation seeks to stop harassment at colleges .  clementi committed suicide in septembe .
 13 dead , many injured in mexican explosion of religious fireworks <sec> new : 154 people were injured , government news agency says .  a truck carrying fireworks to a religious procession explodes in mexico .  one firework went astray and landed in the truc .
 facing fatherhood , he lost 140 pounds <sec> tyrone garrett went from 335 pounds to 194 pounds .  garrett 's daughter , london , and his fiancee inspire him to stay healthy .  garrett works out three to four hours a day and stays away from sweet .
 after linkedin : how to protect your password from hacks <sec> hackers breach linkedin , eharmony sites , stealing millions of passwords .  security experts say tricky passwords can still help thwart thieves .  avoid `` phishing '' attacks in e-mails disguised to look official .  free tools let you store multiple passwords for multiple site .
 nigeria 's boko haram attacks christian town and fishing village <sec> boko haram kills at least 106 people in an attack targeted at males , officials , residents say .  in another village , some victims drown in lake chad as they flee islamists ' gunfire .  boko haram 's insurgency has left hundreds dead in northeastern nigeri .
 under fire on immigration , romney vows 'reasonable solution ' <sec> mitt romney faces a challenge in wooing latino voters .  romney backed conservative immigration policies in the gop primary race .  president obama halted deportations of some young illegal immigrants .  obama 's move is popular with latinos , but opposed by conservative .
 elizabeth smart book shares '100 % ' of her kidnapping terror <sec> smart says book tells `` what it was like every single day i was there '' .  `` my days consisted of being raped ... not just once , multiple times a day , '' she says .  smart says she decided to be a survivor and get back to her family .  second installment of the interview airs on `` anderson cooper 360 '' tuesda .
 german national kidnapped in yemen <sec> german language student abducted on saturday night in sanaa 's old city .  armed tribesmen believed to be behind latest kidnapping .  kidnapping foreigners to use as bargaining chips has been a problem in yemen .  dozens dead in clashes in northern yeme .
 tracking aid to haiti <sec> a shelterbox aid box sent from england takes five days to reach haiti .  it went via ireland , canada , the u.s. and dominican republic .  box contents include tent , water , school kits and blanket .
 cnn student news one-sheet : the right to vote <sec> use this information to understand the history of suffrage in the u.s .
 army wife : our sacrifice could be worth the cost <sec> sanderlin glad obama listened to experts , knows days ahead may be hard for other army wives .  sanderlin : `` there is no bright side and no silver lining '' to deployments .  army wife hopes deployments will mean troops will get what they need to stay saf .
 fears mount in bangkok as thailand flood waters rise <sec> in thailand 281 people have been killed and four people missing .  an area the size of spain is affected by the floods in southeast asia .  official : central bangkok expected to be spared from brunt of floods .  floods are 'worst to hit thailand since 1949 , ' destroying 2.5 million acres of farmlan .
 $ 1 million netflix prize to be awarded soon <sec> netflix will announce the winner of its $ 1 million netflix prize on september 21 .  prize goes to team that improves netflix 's movie-recommendation system .  nobody outside of netflix knows which team will win the million-dollar prize .  details about the netflix prize 2 sequel will also be unveiled that da .
 opinion : why are millennials more liberal , less trusting ? <sec> a pew report says millennials are most likely to vote democratic .  david frum : survey indicates that they are less trusting , patriotic , more alienated .  some say social trust declines as a community becomes more ethnically diverse .  frum : as u.s. becomes more ethnically diverse , will diversity be a source of strength .
 yemen president 'has no control ' as houthis take palace <sec> u.n. security council meets amid crisis , calls for stability and security .  houthi militants have taken control of the presidential palace , information minister says .  u.s. embassy vehicle shot at while at a checkpoint in sanaa ; no injuries reporte .
 rza : wu-tang a drive-by away from never existing <sec> wu-tang producer : attempted murder conviction also could have derailed band .  rapper/producer/actor rza talks of forming wu-tang clan in upcoming memoir .  rza : ol ' dirty bastard made son watch him do drugs before 2004 fatal overdose .  book cites lessons from christianity , islam , numerology , kung fu , ches .
 pakistani taliban leader alive , in hiding , spokesman says <sec> hakimullah mehsud previously reported dead , buried .  he is `` alive and he is our chief , '' taliban spokesman azim tariq says .  tariq : mehsud remains in hiding because he is being targeted by u.s. drone attacks .  pakistani and u.s. officials said they have been unable to confirm mehsud 's statu .
 several killed , 300 arrested in tehran protests <sec> new : web site of opposition leader mir hossein mousavi says nephew was killed in protests .  five people were reported killed in fighting , iranian state-run press tv said late sunday .  demonstrations are latest since outrage over the june presidential elections .  clashes occur during holy period of ashur .
 obama seeks $ 100m to unlock mysteries of the brain <sec> new : `` there is this enormous mystery waiting to be unlocked , '' obama says .  the initiative aims to help find ways to prevent , treat and cure brain disorders .  president obama promised more funding for such studies in his state of the union address .  federal research agencies will work with private partner .
 tons of poisoned fish clog river in china 's hubei province <sec> authorities have cleared about 110 tons of dead fish from the fuhe river .  officials believe they were poisoned by ammonia from a chemical plant .  the company has been ordered to suspend operations .  the dead fish were found over a 40-kilometer stretch of the river in hubei provinc .
 homeless man mocked in video made for timberlake wants help <sec> `` i just want justin timberlake to come and talk to me , '' homeless man tells reporters .  lawyer gloria allred challenges timberlake to help eddie and other homeless get jobs .  timberlake apologized for the `` silly , unsavory '' video , which a `` knucklehead '' friend made .  `` i do n't live my life making fun of people , '' timberlake say .
 'glee 's ' jane lynch moves from screen to page <sec> lynch is providing the voice for new holiday book `` elfbot '' .  her daughter haden also appears on the audiobook .  lynch said she loves the new talent on `` glee .
 launching a new war on cancer <sec> `` moon shots program '' will accelerate research focusing on five types of cancer .  program signals confidence a cure is in clearer sight than ever , official says .  it will be funded by a $ 3 billion investment over the next decad .
 how to not train and run a marathon ... <sec> peter wilkinson is cnn 's senior digital producer .  he is a veteran of the london and brighton marathons .  the marathon covers a distance of 26.2 miles ( 42km .
 euro fans face 'criminal ' police <sec> amnesty international label ukrainian police 'criminal ' ahead of euro 2012 .  say that 'out of control ' police could jeopardize the tournament .  security concerns raised after multiple bomb attacks near host city .  european leaders boycotting matches over treatment of former ukrainian p .
 murdoch pays charlotte church nearly $ 1 million over hacking <sec> new : her family should never have had to endure what they did , murdoch 's lawyer says .  murdoch 's news international group pays the singer £600,000 ( $ 952,000 ) .  `` they 're just sorry they got caught , '' church says of news international .  among others who settled were actor jude law and soccer star paul gascoign .
 bangkok like war zone as military cracks down on protesters <sec> new : some red shirt leaders surrender after hours of street battles .  at least five dead as security forces seize park held by protesters .  thai government imposes curfew between 8 p.m. and 6 a.m .  pm abhasit : `` i am confident we can bring the country to a long-lasting peace .
 sikh americans oppose turban screening at airports <sec> sikh groups oppose airport screening rules they say now require searches of turbans .  transportation officials say the policy has not changed .  security officials can use `` professional discretion '' to supplement imaging technolog .
 pesticides found in deadly school lunch in india <sec> monocrotophos is toxic to humans .  it has been banned in the united states since 1988 .  nearly half of indian children are malnourishe .
 ronaldo and kaka keep real madrid 's title hopes alive <sec> cristiano ronaldo hat-trick inspires real madrid to 4-2 win over third-placed villarreal .  kaka scores fourth goal in bernabeu comeback as real twice come from behind .  ronaldo takes his tally to 31 goals this season in all competitions .  valencia close to within two points of villarreal with controversial derby victor .
 making 'made in usa ' fashion affordable <sec> american-made clothing brands try to cut out middleman , selling directly to consumers .  pros include smaller margins that can lower prices for consumers .  social media make finding customers easier , but it 's still an uphill battl .
 williams sisters to meet in semis ; djokovic gives serbia edge over u.s . <sec> williams sisters will meet in the semifinals of family circle cup in charleston .  americans will play each other for the first time since 2009 wta finals .  sam querrey brings u.s. level at 1-1 with serbia in davis cup quarterfinal .  defending champion czech republic takes 2-0 lead in kazakhsta .
 arrests made under martial law in philippines <sec> searchers make arrests , recover arms from a clan implicated in massacre .  martial law follows killings of 57 last week in maguindanao province .  several members of powerful ampatuan political family detained .  datu unsay mayor andal ampatuan jr. directed killings , authorities sa .
 cruise ship rescues 23 cubans at sea <sec> royal caribbean 's oasis of the seas was on a 7-night trip from florida to mexico .  ship rescued 19 male , 4 female cuban citizens wednesday in a boat near the cayman islands .  crew gave them food , water and medical attention ; injuries not serious , spokesman says .  u.s. coast guard advised ship to continue to cozumel and disembark refugees in mexic .
 where is the world 's most corrupt nation ? <sec> afghanistan , north korea and somalia are seen as the most corrupt nations in the world .  denmark and new zealand are seen as the least corrupt nations .  more than two thirds of the 177 countries included in the corruption index score badl .
