 why use chemical weapons in syria ? <sec> sources close to assad say he planned to take aleppo in `` swift battle of high causalities '' .  chemical weapons are often used when armies are strained , leaders are frustrated .  adolf hitler used chemical agents in gas chamber .
 learning to drink like a local in qingdao , china <sec> qingdao is located in northeast china , north of shanghai .  the city hosts a beer festival and is home to distinctive european architecture .  the tsingtao brewery was founded in 1903 by german settler .
 no final verdicts in andy coulson phone hacking trial <sec> new : `` i hope this will give some comfort to the many victims , '' says senior police officer .  jury discharged after failing to reach final verdicts against andy coulson and ex-royal editor .  court to decide monday if there will be a retrial on remaining charges .  judge criticizes prime minister , other politicians for commenting on case after partial verdict .
 new york : iran 's leader ca n't visit ground zero <sec> iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad wanted to visit ground zero .  new york city officials said no because site is under construction .  the united states considers iran a state sponsor of terrorism .  leaders call request `` audacious , '' `` unacceptable .
 final israeli election results show divided voters <sec> israel 's election results are final , but not yet official .  experts say the new knesset will be equally divided between left- and right-wing politicians .  prime minister netanyahu 's center-right party lost clout ; a centrist coalition may resul .
 u.s. hands over its last detention facility in iraq <sec> the handover is a milestone in u.s.-iraqi relations .  at iraq 's request , the u.s. will maintain custody of 200 dangerous inmates .  the u.s. will continue to have advisers and special inspector .
 physical , mental ordeal awaits trapped miners in chile <sec> 33 chilean miners have been stuck inside mine for 18 days .  rescue could take as long as four months , experts say .  isolation , cramped conditions could lead to psychological problems .  cell phones , small computers could be sent down to miners , expert say .
 justice department suspends most poll-watching <sec> first on cnn : feds determine they do n't have authority to assign poll observers .  last year , the supreme court struck down a section of the voting rights act .  because of that ruling , the justice dept . .  has suspended posting observers in polls .  there are exceptions to that change , in seven states covered by separate court order .
 'how do i say no ' to the limbless ? <sec> david puckett 's nonprofit provides free artificial limbs , braces and care .  since november 2000 the organization has helped hundreds in southeastern mexico .  puckett 's organization crafts the braces and artificial limbs from recycled one .
 cmt music awards : carrie underwood 's big night <sec> carrie underwood won again for video of the year .  country stars team with other musicians for mashup performances .  alan jackson was honored with the first cmt impact awar .
 merkel eyes new coalition after victory <sec> angela merkel is elected german chancellor for a second time .  rival social democratic party suffers worst election night since wwii .  merkel expected to form coalition with economically liberal free democratic part .
 bbc : iran held 'backroom ' talks with western diplomats <sec> iran approached diplomats with offer nearly four years ago , bbc told .  diplomat : iran offered to stand down in iraq if west would accept its nuke program .  iran denies involvement in fighting in iraq , says allegations are `` baseless '' .  despite strained relations , obama administration has hinted at direct talk .
 bale fires first madrid hat-trick in valladolid rout <sec> welshman nets first hat-trick for new club in 4-0 win over real valladolid .  real move to within three points of leaders barcelona who face bilbao on sunday .  atletico madrid level on points with gerardo martino 's side following 2-0 over elch .
 japan launches largest warship since world war ii <sec> 820-foot-long flattop designed to carry 14 helicopters .  launch comes at a time of increased tensions with china .  china warns japan against military expansion .  launch comes on 68th anniversary of hiroshima bombin .
 '200 villages destroyed ' as quake hits iran <sec> strong quake measuring 6.1 in magnitude strikes southern iran .  epicenter located about 55 km west-southwest of bandar e-abbas , iran .  new : quake destroys nearly 200 villages , according to iran 's press tv .  new : head of provincial disaster management : at least 6 dead , 46 others injure .
 addiction : the disease that lies <sec> cory monteith voluntarily entered a treatment facility for substance addiction in april .  monteith has been frank about his struggles , saying that he began using drugs at 13 .  coroner : monteith died as a result of `` a mixed drug toxicity , involving heroin and alcohol .
 pakistani military carries out airstrikes in north waziristan <sec> pakistani military claims it killed 60 militants in north waziristan .  a taliban commander calls the casualties local tribesme .
 why u.s. can stop ebola in its tracks ( opinion ) <sec> cdc chief : u.s. health system has been preparing since march for first u.s. ebola case .  clear differences between ebola in africa and what will happen in u.s. , says tom frieden .  21 days is the longest known incubation period for ebola , frieden say .
 malala is the new symbol of hope <sec> malala yousafzai has become the youngest nobel peace prize winner .  she was shot in the head by the taliban on her way home from school .  john sutter says malala is not only an education activist ; she 's a symbol of hop .
 slight rise in thanksgiving travelers likely <sec> aaa attributes slight increase to improved consumer confidence .  number of travelers still well down from two years ago .  aaa predicts 38.4 million americans will travel over the holiday weekend .  those traveling by air is expected to decline to 2.3 million , from 2.5 million last yea .
 australian officials on hunt for whale rider <sec> a witness reported that a teenage boy climbed aboard a whale for a ride .  southern right whales migrate along southern australia from june to october .  people risk a $ 9,585 fine if they come closer than 98 feet to the whale .
 victims ' parents remain divided over west memphis 3 case <sec> new eyewitness statements emerge in west memphis 3 case .  case centers on 1993 mutilations and murders of three 8-year-old cub scouts .  `` time heals all wounds and you start looking at things differently , '' one mom says .  dna tests in 2007 revealed no physical evidence linking the convicted killers to crime scen .
 israel demolishes hotel in east jerusalem <sec> israeli bulldozes demolishes part of a hotel in part of east jerusalem .  plans to demolish the hotel caused a rift between the u.s. and israel .  palestinians denounce the action while israel has defended i .
 official : marketplace blast kills at least 35 in pakistan <sec> the khyber agency is one of seven districts in pakistan 's volatile tribal region .  the bomb was placed in a vehicle and remotely detonated , an official say .
 commentary : what 's right with america ? plenty <sec> beck disagrees with column suggesting u.s. does n't deserve to celebrate july 4 .  united states is closer to perfect than any other country , beck says .  beck says u.s. does n't need change , it needs perspectiv .
 losing a pound a week , staying positive <sec> ireporter giyen kim has been losing a pound per week since the start of 2009 .  she exercises six days a week , eats one vegan meal per day .  dr. melina jampolis says a pound a week is a reasonable pace .  share your journey to change with ireport.co .
 cia wants ex-agent who discussed waterboarding investigated <sec> justice department must decide whether to pursue investigation .  former agent john kiriakou talked about interrogation technique on tv .  kiriakou attorney says probe could cause cia more problems .  administration summoned for court hearing on destroyed tape .
 'idol 's ' kimberley locke has 'gospel dream ' <sec> singer kimberley locke finished third during season two of `` american idol '' .  she is co-hosting the fourth season of the talent competition `` gospel dream '' .  locke has worked steadily since `` idol '' as a spokesperson , host and performer .  she says she 'd like to appear on `` dancing with the stars .
 woman goes raw , loses more than half herself <sec> angela stokes , 30 , was miserable , unhealthy , weighed 300 pounds .  she began a raw vegan diet after reading a book about its health benefits .  stokes lost 160 pounds in two years , improving her emotional , physical health .  she now weighs 138 pounds and has written several books on `` raw foodism .
 'furious 7 ' revving up for record april opening <sec> the film is expected to gross $ 115 million or more .  paul walker died in a car crash during filming .  `` furious 7 '' poised to nab the biggest opening of 2015 so fa .
 monfils edges isner in semi classic <sec> gael monfils saves a match point before reaching legg mason classic final .  frenchman now faces radek stepanek after defeating american john isner .  vera zvonareva and agnieszka radwanska to meet in wta carlsbad fina .
 japan 's pm shinzo abe suggests return to antarctic whaling during 'whale week ' <sec> japan 's prime minster says he 'll push for resumption of whaling .  international court ordered japan to stop earlier this year .  critics say japan 's whale research program is a cover for commercial whaling .  japan says it sells the meat to pay for necessary research expedition .
 engine damage forces delta jet to return to florida airport <sec> delta flight returns to fort lauderdale , florida , after engine damage detected .  the flight was bound for minneapoli .
 mystery impact leaves earth-size mark on jupiter <sec> amateur astronomer spots new mark on solar system 's largest planet .  nasa confirms discovery is result of object crashing into jupiter 's atmosphere .  scientists say object could be a block of ice or a wandering comet .  object has left scar the size of earth in jupiter 's southern polar regio .
 football players push fifa for goalline technology <sec> football players lobby fifa to introduce goalline technology .  fifa meet on march 6 to discuss football law changes .  players unimpressed by extra referees europa league tria .
 best : 'beautiful game ' can transcend society 's ills <sec> clyde best is known as one of the first black players to establish himself in england .  best was a striker who played for west ham united between 1968-1976 .  he says racism in sport is for `` the ignorant and the inebriated '' .  best argues that football is the `` beautiful game '' and it should be enjoyed and respecte .
 obama leaves door open to bush officials ' prosecution <sec> president : it 's up to attorney general to decide about prosecution on interrogations .  president obama repeats belief that cia officers should n't be prosecuted .  `` i do worry about this getting so politicized , '' president says .  administration has released bush-era memos detailing use of terror interrogation .
 dozens killed in attacks in iraq <sec> new : violence in baghdad targets police officers , kills mother and daughter .  more than 100 are wounded .  there was no immediate claim of responsibility . .  another attack hits south of kirku .
 aid groups urge halt to new haiti adoptions <sec> three aid groups say focus first must be on reuniting kids with any of their relatives .  `` any hasty new adoptions would risk permanently breaking up families , '' agencies say .  reports on plight of children in haiti has led many to ask about adoptions .  flood of new adoptions could open the door to traffickers , one official say .
 child of 'dirty war ' learns parents part of regime that killed real parents <sec> victoria montenegro , 36 , learned of her real father just 12 years ago .  she learned this week that a body found in a uruguayan cemetery was his .  she also learned that her adoptive parents were part of the military regime .  roque orlando montenegro was 20 when he was a victim of the 1976-83 `` dirty war .
 dennis rodman will return to north korea ; more ex-nba players to come <sec> the former pro basketball star will help train a north korean team later this month .  that team will play an exhibition game against ex-nba players , a sponsor says .  it 's unclear whether rodman will meet with north korean leader kim jong un .  rodman has said he is kim 's `` friend for life .
 slovakia hopes euro move brings stability <sec> slovakia is first large ex-communist nation to join european single currency .  country is 16th country to use euro after 11 eu members launched it in 1999 .  firms hope euro move will end uncertainty after coping with volatile currenc .
 former nsa contractor designs 'surveillance-proof ' font <sec> designer sang mun creates 'unhackable ' fonts .  the four fonts are designed to disrupt optical character recognition software .  experts suggest that to be effective such fonts would need to be used with encryptio .
 colombian president at home after surgery <sec> `` i 'm totally cured , '' says colombian president juan manuel santos .  he says the tumor had not metastasized , thanks his supporters .  doctors have diagnosed several current and former south american leaders with cance .
 university of florida suspends fraternity for 'serious physical hazing incident ' <sec> new : apha phi alpha fraternity says it will investigate the incident and condemns hazing .  a university official says no one was hospitalized from a recent hazing incident .  the incident happened off campus several weeks ago , the university says .  another florida university was recently at the center of a hazing scanda .
 bon appétit ! amazing hotel room service <sec> new york 's chambers hotel offers in-room cuisine from superstar chef david chang .  at le taha'a resort in french polynesia , breakfast is likely to arrive by canoe .  guests can enjoy chef lydia shire 's new england style dishes at liberty hotel in bosto .
 authorities arrest additional suspects in mlb player 's kidnapping <sec> five suspects arrested are colombian citizens , venezuela 's justice ministry says .  venezuelan security forces rescued wilson ramos on friday .  ramos is a rising star for the washington national .
 duke lacrosse accuser charged with murder in boyfriend 's stabbing <sec> crystal mangum faces a murder and two larceny charges , the district attorney 's office says .  police say mangum , 32 , stabbed her boyfriend at their shared apartment earlier this month .  the man , 46 , died from his injuries last wednesday at a durham , north carolina , hospital .  3 duke athletes were charged -- then cleared -- after mangum accused them of sexual assaul .
 spanish prime minister announces dissolution of parliament <sec> prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero convenes a cabinet meeting monday .  opposition conservatives are expected to win during spain 's economic crisis .  polls indicate popular party leader mariano rajoy has a double-digit lea .
 pentagon trains workers to hack defense computers <sec> `` certified ethical hacker certification '' trains employees to defend computer network .  almost 45,000 attacks on defense computers reported in the first half of 2009 .  aim of hacker training is to help workers protect the system from real hacker .
 travelers reassess plans amid mideast conflict <sec> violence in the middle east has some travelers concerned .  some tourists are canceling trips to israel and surrounding areas .  others are going forward with plans to see family and the holy lan .
 will space be africa 's industry of future ? <sec> the square kilometer array is an ambitious radio telescope project .  much of it will be based in south africa -- and other african nations .  south africa 's space agency hopes ska will have knock-on economic benefits .  increasing number of african nations looking to invest in space program .
 tsarnaev trial starts : 13 things you should know <sec> jury selection in dzhokhar tsarnaev 's trial has started .  federal prosecutors are seeking the death penalty .  his attorney has secured plea deals for past client .
 diana killed by drivers ' negligence <sec> jury says diana and boyfriend unlawfully killed through negligent driving .  jury includes driver of diana 's car , pursuing vehicles as negligent drivers .  also decides the fact the couple were not wearing seatbelts was contributory factor .  no evidence that uk secret service was linked to diana 's death , jury say .
 palestinian man stabs tel aviv bus driver , passengers <sec> israeli military interviews suspect 's family about his political ties , uncle says .  `` we said that hamzeh never had any political affiliation , '' uncle says about nephew .  witnesses , police : driver tried to fight back by veering bus and using pepper spra .
 plane crash in romania kills at least 11 , including air force colonel <sec> new : air force col. nicolae jianu among the dead .  at least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in southeastern romania .  the plane was being used for parachute training for the romanian military .  romanian defense minister appoints commission to investigate cras .
 attorney : father of bound toddler shown on facebook 'devastated ' <sec> new : the toddler was being examined by a doctor thursday .  andre curry 's attorney says he takes good care of the child .  he allegedly posted a photo of his toddler daughter 's mouth , arms , and legs bound with tape .  he is charged with aggravated domestic batter .
 jailed u.s. cia contractor in court in pakistan <sec> cia contractor raymond davis is accused of killing two pakistani men .  davis ' arrest has strained relations between the u.s. and pakistan .  davis is expected to be charged formally at a march 3 hearin .
 meet invincible super woman esther vergeer <sec> esther vergeer has a winning streak of 470 matches - the most set ever by a female athlete .  the dutch wheelchair tennis star says retirement was the `` scariest moment '' of her life .  she is now an advocate for more integrated tennis events outside the grand slams .  vergeer wants paralympic athletes to be seen as `` just human beings with ambition .
 protesters keep up momentum as mubarak refuses to quit <sec> new : thousands of egyptian workers strike demanding more money and transparency .  day 17 of protests demanding the immediate resignation of president mubara .  egypt 's foreign minister tells pbs that mubarak exit would mean chaos .  the protests expanded beyond tahrir square into a government compound wednesda .
 democratic senator ca n't judge obama 's ebola handling - cnnpolitics.com <sec> judging obama 's handling of the ebola crisis ? .  `` hard to know '' for sen. mark pryor .  pryor is locked in a tight contest against republican rep. tom cotton .  pryor ran an attack ad against cotton this summer that spotlighted the ebola crisi .
 cougars in training : young women dating even younger men <sec> after announcing her engagement to a 23-year-old , jamie-lynn sigler , 31 , took flak .  20- and 30-something women who date younger men are seen as strange by some .  in popular parlance , these young lovers of even younger men are dubbed `` pumas .
 obama releases tax returns , challenges clinton to follow suit <sec> sen. clinton says she expects to release returns `` shortly '' .  obama campaign releases senator 's 2000-2006 returns on web site .  obama made nearly $ 1 million in 2006 , returns show .  campaign challenges clinton to release 2006 return .
 trial date set for brooks , coulson in phone hacking case <sec> rebekah brooks and andy coulson are accused of conspiring to hack voice mails .  they both formerly edited the now-defunct news of the world newspaper .  the tabloid was part of rupert murdoch 's news corp. media empire .  brooks and coulson were close to british prime minister david camero .
