 texas supreme court blocks same-sex marriage licenses <sec> texas issues first marriage license to a same-sex couple in the state .  travis county judge said couple could n't wait for court decisions for health reason .
 fifa grants palestinian soccer $ 4.5m <sec> fifa to grant $ 4.5m for the development of palestinian football .  in december fifa invest $ 200,000 in the redevelopment of gaza 's palestine stadium .  the investment in palestinian football is of part of fifa 's goal program .  palestinian football association joined fifa in 192 .
 obama on slavery : 'capacity for cruelty still exists ' <sec> obama 's visit to ghana came weeks after senate apologized for slavery .  debate still rages over apology ; maryland lawmaker says there 's `` no need '' for one .  katrina browne learned her ancestors from the north made millions trading slaves .  in ghana , obama says issue is still relevant : `` capacity for cruelty still exists .
 perfection is backstage at cirque du soleil <sec> cirque du soleil 's `` kooza '' went looking for juggler with 11 world records .  anthony gatto beat actor patrick dempsey in juggling competition .  gatto practices six to seven hours to prepare for 10 minutes on stage .  says humidity and wind can affect his routin .
 eight must-see budapest buildings <sec> `` paris of the east '' ? .  budapest needs no such comparison .  budapest 's opera house may be smaller than vienna 's -- but it 's more opulent .  the city 's chain bridge and royal palace look superb lit up at nigh .
 firefighters catch small break after brutal weekend <sec> new : critical weather conditions expected in texas , where fires threaten hundreds of homes .  firefighters in arizona have been stymied by strong winds , high temperatures , low humidity .  winds will lessen , humidity will increase as the week goes on .  a fire spokesman said sunday was a `` hard day '' in southern arizon .
 surviving a flesh-eating disease <sec> ireporter percy von lipinski of vancouver , british columbia , had flesh-eating disease .  his wife , a doctor , insisted that he go to the hospital when his hand hurt .  he had surgery to remove dead tissue from his hand .  today he has full function of his hand and fingers agai .
 platinum albums ? not this year <sec> this year has seen a lack of platinum-selling albums .  only the soundtrack to `` frozen '' has sold more than a million units .  erich church and coldplay are two of the year 's bigger release .
 opposition leaders reject ukraine president 's offer <sec> new : protesters launch fireworks into government building in kiev early sunday morning .  new : opposition says police were using the building to launch attacks on them .  on saturday the opposition leaders rejected ukrainian president 's peace offer .  president victor yanukovych had offered government posts to opposition leaders , according to a government statemen .
 google street view adds 250,000 miles of roadways <sec> google adds 250,000 miles to its street view feature .  update comes in wake of flap with apple over dropping maps from the iphone .  areas added to street view are in 17 countries .  more virtual tour `` special collections '' were added as wel .
 border killing a symbol of failed policy <sec> tony payan says shooting of a teen by u.s. border agent is metaphor for broken system .  as u.s.-mexico grapple with immigration , drugs , they begin to face each other as enemies .  increased militarization at border does n't help , but feeds potential for violence , he says .  payan : is this what we want for border ? .  countries must tackle immigration , border policie .
 mainz and hanover lose 100 % records <sec> mainz and hanover both lose their 100 % german bundesliga records .  mainz beaten 4-2 at home by schalke while hanover are held 1-1 by hertha .  big-spending psg beat valenciennes 2-1 for their first french win of the seaso .
 barcelona end manchester city 's champions league dream <sec> barca and juve join real madrid , atletico madrid , monaco , psg , porto and bayern munich in champions league quarterfinal .
 800,000 nigerian kids displaced by boko haram , violence <sec> more than 1.5 million people are displaced , including 800,000 children , unicef says .  the kidnappings that inspired # bringbackourgirls were a year ago this week .  unicef is launching a # bringbackourchildhood campaig .
 border showdown : families to seek u.s. entry to reunite with relatives <sec> juana vidal of los angeles hopes to see her son and his family again .  son elesban , his wife , their two girls left the u.s. for mexico two years ago .  elesban and wife had lived in u.s. as undocumented immigrants ; their girls are u.s.-born .  about 125 families will seek to enter the u.s. in a dramatic border event monda .
 south carolina shooting : officer michael slager fired <sec> witness who took the video says `` mr. scott did n't deserve this '' .  north charleston police officer michael slager is fired .  the city orders an additional 150 body camera .
 shooting video at a tsa checkpoint ? here 's what you should know <sec> john tyner sparked controversy with his 12- minute video of his recent tsa encounter .  12 states currently have laws that say all parties must consent for a recording to be legal .  find out your rights , the law in that state and location-specific policies on recordin .
 edward snowden wo n't be pressured to end asylum , russia says <sec> a russian lawmaker says russia will not push snowden out .  snowden wants to return home , but he wants protection from prosecution .  the u.s. government says clemency is not an optio .
 rugby legend lomu set to make shock comeback <sec> former all blacks winger jonah lomu to join french third-division club .  the 34-year-old will play for marseille vitrolles after supposedly retiring in 2007 .  new zealander became rugby 's first global superstar after the 1995 world cup .  he previously returned to playing after having a kidney transplan .
 lawyer : jesse james is no neo-nazi <sec> nazi hat was given to james as a gag gift by his jewish godfather , lawyer says .  possessing nazi memorabilia does not make someone a neo-nazi , lawyer adds .  spokeswoman says james is at treatment facility `` to deal with personal issues '' .  james separated from sandra bullock soon after she won a best actress osca .
 romney , santorum continue sparring over english in puerto rico <sec> santorum campaign says romney flip-flopping on english for puerto rican statehood .  romney said in january debate that english should be country 's official language .  santorum faces questions campaign post about `` pandemic of pornography '' .  gingrich reaffirms vow to stay in race all the way to conventio .
 commentary : miss california , thanks for being honest <sec> roland martin : people say they want others to express themselves authentically .  he says miss california is being criticized for expressing her beliefs .  martin says perez hilton is carrying on a crusade against her .  martin : her beliefs on gay marriage mirror those of obama and bide .
 ask international cricket council chief haroon lorgat your questions <sec> your chance to pose your questions to haroon lorgat , chief executive of the icc .  lorgat assumed the role in 2008 , succeeding australian malcolm speed .  cnn will speak exclusively to lorgat in london and ask him your question .
 sudan 's army denies aid group 's claim that it bombed hospital <sec> two bombs hit a hospital in sudan that 's run by doctors without borders .  the group blames sudan 's military for the bombing raid on a village that injured six people .  sudan 's military denies bombing the hospital .  sudan 's government has been fighting rebels in the regio .
 opinion : obama harming clinton 's election chances ? <sec> dan ronayne thinks the new carbon emission standards could work against democrats .  the rules could push swing states over to the gop in the 2016 election , he says .  ronayne : states like ohio , pennsylvania and michigan could switch from blue to red .  win two of those three states and the republican wins the white hous .
 reports : indiana state fair stage where seven died was inadequate <sec> the scaffolding that collapsed called substandard .  the fair 's commission did not have adequate emergency planning , report says .  the incident during indiana state fair left seven people dead last yea .
 6 killed in car bombing at somali parliament building <sec> a car bombing in the somali capital kills 6 and injures 12 .  the blast happened near the national parliament building in mogadishu .  two children are among the dead .  the terrorist group al-shabaab claims responsibility for the attac .
 pga tour golfer banned for doping <sec> doug barron becomes the first golfer to be banned for doping by pga tour .  barron gets one-year ban for taking unspecified performance-enhancing drug .  barron , 40 , has won over $ 3 million prize money since turning pro in 1992 .  pga and european tours introduced anti-doping programs in 200 .
 switching from iphone to android : what it was like for me <sec> take a day to learn your phone , because configuring it for your personal use requires time .  if you rely on ical , you do n't have to switch to google calendar .  accept that you 'll have to let go of some treasured tool .
 brazilian beauty 's near-deadly surgery obsession <sec> 2012 miss bum-bum runner-up andressa urach had `` more than 10 '' cosmetic surgeries .  after steroid , hydrogel and pmma injections in her thighs , she suffered septic shock and was hospitalized .  the lesson she hopes this teaches is , `` you have to respect the limits of your body .
 obama 's defense cuts are too timid <sec> president obama announced a new strategy to align with defense budget cuts .  russell rumbaugh says the military could make deeper cuts and fulfill the strategy .  he says military services likely to pursue its own goals despite the new strategy .  rumbaugh : let strategy , rather than institutions , determine how money is spen .
 doctor reveals new face of terrorist <sec> dr. bilal abdulla 's professional life is different to radicals seen before in uk .  anti terror officer tells pa abdulla was a self-taught , self-starter .  abdulla planned car bomb attacks in june 2007 on targets in glasgow and london .  he was found guilty of conspiracy to murder in june 200 .
 record highs broken in slew of cities <sec> `` we have ac . .  who cares what 's playing , '' says a minneapolis theater marquee .  in new york , possible fines for stores that leave doors open .  air conditioner repair experts ' business booms .  brookfield zoo in illinois gives some animals big blocks of ice filled with foo .
 'cromnibus ' looms over obama-mcconnell meeting <sec> the president and incoming senate leader mitch mcconnell will meet wednesday .  atop the agenda is the republican 'cromnibus ' plan to keep the government running .  the white house has yet to threaten to veto the gop plan .  other topics for the afternoon meeting : money to fight ebola and defense spendin .
 report : lack of preparation aided algeria gas field attack <sec> an algerian gas field was attacked in january .  the site did n't have security measures that could have stopped the attack , report says .  a different response would not have changed the outcome , says report from statoil .  at least 37 hostages were killed in the four-day ordea .
 5 intriguing southern summer escapes <sec> take a helicopter to stay at a former coast guard light station .  paddle your canoe several miles to a tree house along a black water river .  book a safari-style modified tent in the middle of texas hill countr .
 ny city council approves paid sick time act <sec> the city council passed the legislation 45-3 .  mayor bloomberg vows to veto .  the city council can override a veto with a two-thirds vote .  the council says the measure could affect nearly 1 million new york worker .
 group accuses israel of firing white phosphorus into gaza <sec> researchers in israel saw bursts of white phosphorus over gaza , group says .  white phosphorus can burn people , set structures on fire .  protocol allows use when `` not specifically designed to cause burn injury to persons '' .  group : use in densely populated gaza would violate international humanitarian la .
 officers : u.s. military stretched 'dangerously thin ' <sec> eighty percent of officers : it 's unreasonable to expect u.s. to wage another major war .  officers have `` overwhelmingly negative view '' of early decisions shaping iraq war .  fifty-six percent of officers disagree that the iraq war has `` broken '' the military .  results based on survey of 3,400 present and former u.s. military officer .
 aliko dangote , nigeria 's first billionaire cements his fortune <sec> aliko dangote became nigeria 's first billionaire in 2007 .  he began his business in 1977 and has built it into a multi-billion dollar conglomerate .  dangote 's business includes flour , sugar , pasta , clothing and cemen .
 frankfurt airport in numbers <sec> the gateway goes behind the scenes at frankfurt airport .  it claims to serve more international destinations than any other airport in the world .  it is a major logistical hub , handling more than 2 million tons of cargo each year .  frankfurt airport 's catering staff produce 100,000 meals a da .
 lawyer : van der sloot may admit simple homicide , fight graver charges <sec> new : van der sloot 's lawyer wants a charge that could have a 20-year maximum term .  the victim 's family wants an indictment on a charge that could carry a lifetime sentence .  judges could return the indictment to prosecutors , delaying the start of the trial .  van der sloot was arrested last year after a woman was found dead in his hotel roo .
 as south korea , china cozy up , does north korea fit ? <sec> china 's president xi jinping to meet with south korean president park geun-hye .  visit breaks tradition of chinese leaders meeting first with north korea .  china and south korea enjoy closer relationshi .
 at least 17 dead as landless peasants clash with paraguayan police <sec> authorities try to evict peasants camping in east paraguay .  peasants open fire , leading to 10 civilian and 7 police deaths , a hospital official says .  the chief of the national police 's special operations unit is among those killed , police sa .
 blasts kill at least 7 passengers on pakistan train <sec> three explosive devices explode around a passenger train in balochistan .  the train carried passengers from punjab province .  there has been no claim of responsibility for the attac .
 maicon and eto'o put inter back on top <sec> maicon and samuel eto'o on target to send inter milan back to the top of serie a .  the defending champions defeat 10-man juventus 2-0 at the san siro .  roma can reclaim top position if they beat city rivals lazio on sunda .
 survey : 1 in 3 women affected by partner 's violent behavior <sec> new : highlighting the issue may help people form healthy relationships , an expert says .  the national intimate partner and sexual violence survey interviewed more than 16,500 adults .  nearly 1 in 5 women report being raped in their lifetime .  more than a fourth of male rape victims say they were first raped as a chil .
 tech ceo eva chen dares staff to fail <sec> eva chen is ceo of trend micro -- a japanese software security company .  within months of becoming ceo , a bug caused worldwide problems for the business .  chen turned mishap into opportunity , turned company into cloud computing protection leade .
 israel defies international criticism of settlement plans <sec> new : egypt summons israeli ambassador over building plans .  `` a clear message must be sent to israel , '' the palestinian leader says in u.n. letter .  israel is under pressure to reverse its decision to expand west bank settlements .  israel says it wo n't back down from the decisio .
 cnn student news transcript : april 14 , 2010 <sec> follow first lady michelle obama 's itinerary from haiti to mexico .  learn about some events that took place on this day in history .  discover how some dogs are being trained to sniff out danger .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 police missteps linked to oakland officers ' deaths , report finds <sec> poor decisions may have contributed to death of four officers , board says .  officers violated oakland police training procedures , safety practices , report finds .  report finds 11 things oakland police did well , 23 things that need improvement . .  `` we will correct those areas , '' police chief say .
 senators announce deal on student loans <sec> new : bipartisan group of senators announce an agreement .  new : plan would cap rates on many types of student loans .  new : senate will vote on plan `` as quickly as possible , '' says reid .  sen. tom harkin , whose support is key , agreed to the dea .
 are moviegoers passing on planned trips to the theater ? <sec> new : risk consultant says shootings wo n't affect attendance .  some moviegoers will surrender pre-bought movie tickets .  more than 2,000 people were checked in to `` rises '' on getglue as of 11:30 a.m. on friday .  national association of theatre owners : working with police , reviewing security procedure .
 navy jet crashes during training in nevada <sec> jet crashes about 70 miles east of naval air station fallon in nevada .  navy says it 's working to confirm `` status of the aircraft crew member '' .  plane was assigned to fallon 's naval strike and air warfare cente .
 on the wrestling mat , u.s. and iran are good sports <sec> longtime adversaries iran and the united states are friendly enemies on the mat .  u.s. freestyle men 's wrestling team will participate in iran tournament .  sport of wrestling is hugely popular in the islamic republic .  u.s. official says of iran : `` they treat our athletes like kings .
 obama 's grandmother dies after battle with cancer <sec> obama 's grandmother , madelyn dunham , passes away monday in hawaii .  new : obama tells a crowd in north carolina : `` she has gone home '' .  mccain says his `` thoughts and prayers go out '' to obama , family .  obama left the campaign trail for two days in late october to visit he .
 federer beats del potro to keep dream alive <sec> roger federer through to sunday 's final of the french open at roland garros .  the second seed defeats argentine juan martin del potro in five-set semifinal .  the swiss faces robin soderling as he aims to win tournament for first tim .
 teeny-tiny portland park has an itsy-bitsy theft <sec> a tiny portland , oregon , park loses its only tree to theft .  at just 2 feet across , mill ends park is billed as the world 's smallest .  a newspaper columnist started the park in an abandoned street light hole in 1948 .  the city took it over in 197 .
 next tiger ? might be the man from northern ireland <sec> rory mcilroy , 22 , hails from northern ireland , where he rose through the junior golf ranks .  mcilroy bounced back from disappointment at the masters to win the next major tournament .  some predict greatness for him , and he tells piers morgan he can be the best ever .  mcilroy 's family made sacrifices , with dad bartending among his several job .
 why kids are n't getting summer jobs ( opinion ) <sec> the u.s. has seen a precipitous decline in youth employment -- a 40 % drop over the last 12 years .  kevin johnson , peter scher : for young people of color , summer employment is a story of opportunity denie .
 why we need the keystone oil pipeline <sec> keystone xl pipeline would take crude oil from canada through midwest to gulf coast .  john hoeven : it will create jobs , help lead to north american energy independence .  hoeven-lugar-vitter amendment would allow transcanada to build the pipeline .  state department reports it will have little environmental impact , hoeven write .
 netanyahu cartoon sparks anger , murdoch says sorry <sec> news corp chairman rupert murdoch has apologized for `` grotesque '' cartoon .  sunday times cartoon portrayed netanyahu building palestinians into bloody wall .  cartoon prompted accusations of anti-semitism and references to 'blood libel ' .  cartoonist said he was not aware it was holocaust memorial da .
 van hits pedestrians at christmas market in france <sec> the driver stabbed himself twice after the incident , but is expected to survive .  an investigation is just beginning , a spokesman for france 's interior ministry says .  at least 9 are injured after a van plows into shoppers at a christmas market .  it 's unclear if it 's related to a similar incident sunday , when a vehicle rammed into pedestrian .
 rugby , league 's sonny bill williams ' bid for world cups in two sports <sec> new zealand 's sonny bill williams is a star in rugby union and rugby league .  speculation has been heated as to whether he will play for his country in the rugby league world cup .  his manager says he will chase the dream of winning world cups in both rugby codes .  he won the rugby union world cup with new zealand 's all blacks in 201 .
