 final levee breach completed in plan to stem flooding in central u.s . <sec> eleven mississippi counties are declared federal disaster areas .  sen. claire mccaskill calls it `` an epic flood '' .  water from the mississippi river floods hundreds of square miles of farmland .  heavy rains have caused massive flooding from minnesota to louisian .
 nra sends democrats a message over holder contempt vote <sec> analysis : 21 democrats voted to hold holder in contempt ; 19 received nra contributions .  democrats in competitive districts may be trying to show independence , expert says .  votes against party lines can be heartfelt but are mostly for political survival , expert says .  new : democrats launch campaign against house republicans who voted for contemp .
 'bug guy ' faces grisly task in cleveland case <sec> consultant identifies bugs found on bodies and determines their age .  he is helping police investigate remains of 11 women found in cleveland , ohio .  his work could help authorities establish timeline in cas .
 woman indicted for allegedly posing as cancer-stricken bride <sec> jessica vega , 25 , was arrested last week in virginia .  she has been indicted on fraud and grand larceny charges .  she could face up to 24 years behind bars if convicte .
 5 bodies found in burned-out suv in arizona desert <sec> new : border patrol saw the suv at 4:30 a.m. , then it fled off road , a sheriff says .  new : the victims `` were clearly deceased '' when agents approached , he adds .  4 of them were found `` laying down flat '' in the cargo section of the vehicle .  the suv was found in an area known as a hotbed for drug activit .
 barista donates kidney to save customer 's life <sec> nearly 75,000 americans need a kidney transplant .  annamarie ausnes told her story to a worker at her regular coffee shop .  the barista , sandra andersen , tested and found out she was a potential donor .  both are doing well after a transplant procedure on march 1 .
 beheading video : challenge for social media ( opinion ) <sec> video of isis beheading u.s. journalist james foley appears on social media .  david weinberger : twitter and youtube can post anything they want .  he says private websites have no obligation to support free speech .  weinberger : but since twitter is a hub for debates , it has more duty to the publi .
 pentagon preparing to send 34,000 troops to afghanistan , official says <sec> new : nato allies will also be asked to send more troops , officials say .  announcement on troop increase to come after thanksgiving .  obama met with national security team monday night to discuss afghanistan .  obama wanted clarification on how , when u.s. troops would turn over responsibilit .
 'sherlockians ' say new film succeeds <sec> sherlockians are serious holmes fans ; many belong to the baker street irregulars .  consensus by experts is that sir arthur conan doyle would have enjoyed new film .  sherlockians nitpicked some film details because they 're so familiar with the books .  `` the actors work well together , as did holmes and watson , '' one sherlockian say .
 10 bizarre divorce settlements <sec> nothing says `` gim me '' like the divorce settlement process .  marvin gaye did an album for his divorce settlement -- it tanked .  david hasselhoff 's divorce settlement gave him catchphrase `` do n't hassle the hoff '' .  one man asked for his kidney back , another got his wife 's goa .
 'fast and furious ' consequences coming , holder says <sec> new : slain agent 's family filed a $ 25 million wrongful death claim .  attorney general eric holder says consequences for the operation are near .  republican rep. darrell issa is demanding documents from the justice department .  issa has threatened holder with contempt if a deadline for the documents is not me .
 autism 911 : help for a family in chaos <sec> cdc : autism and related disorders affect one out of every 150 children .  each autistic child is unique in his or her behavior , but there are common threads .  social skills , communication are common problem areas .  marissa screams , throws tantrums -- behavior her family hopes to chang .
 what happened ? behind the twitter blocking backlash <sec> a revised twitter policy for blocking other users only lasted hours .  the change would have let blocked users see and retweet the blocker 's posts .  the idea was to not prompt retaliation for a visible block .  users called the change a nightmare , and twitter responde .
 bubba watson wins u.s. masters after dramatic playoff <sec> bubba watson wins the 76th u.s. masters at augusta for his first major title .  american beats south africa 's louis oosthuizen at second hole of playoff .  lee westwood , matt kuchar , peter hanson and phil mickelson tied for third .  pre-event favorites tiger woods and rory mcilroy finish 15 shots bac .
 lions that were caged at panama fairgrounds have new home <sec> three sister lions are rescued from zoo at fairgrounds in panama .  underweight siblings lived in a small concrete and metal enclosure .  they were flown to animal sanctuary in colorado .  they already can hear the roars of other big cat .
 'magic spray ' - the world cup 's real star ? <sec> special spray to mark out distances at free kicks being used in world cup .  fifa gave go-ahead after successful tests in junior tournaments .  the spray quickly disappears after being used by referee .  9.15 fair play was developed by a former brazilian amateur playe .
 source : insurgents got onto prince harry 's base through hole in fence <sec> attackers , disguised in u.s. army uniforms , tried to blow up nato aircraft , source said .  british royal , a helicopter pilot , is deployed to afghanistan .  prince harry was about mile and a half from attack , source say .
 stevens ' funeral set as investigators cover alaska seeking clues <sec> new : investigation of the plane wreckage at the crash site is complete .  two survivors upgraded from fair to serious condition , while another remains critical .  one witness tells cnn the plane was `` messed up , '' but the crash was survivable .  stevens ' funeral will be held next wednesday in anchorage , alask .
 u.s. troops arrive in turkey ; rebels battle for airport in syria <sec> at least 129 people were killed across syria on friday , an opposition group says .  for a third day , rebels try to wrest control of a helicopter base from government forces .  parents of a kidnapped u.s. journalist in syria are pleading for his release .  an explosion at a gas station in damascus kills 10 peopl .
 syrian rebels turn to homemade bombs <sec> syrian rebels outgunned by assad regime 's military might .  fighters are turning to iraqi insurgent style improvised bombs .  devices made from pipes packed with fertilizer , chemicals and nuts and bolt .
 survivors grieve for cyclone dead <sec> survivors of cyclone sidr in bangladesh waiting for aid to arrive .  red crescent society official says deaths could rise to 5,000-10,000 .  bangladeshi president distributes aid ; angry survivors go empty-handed .  thousands remain missing ; estimated 280,000 homeles .
 8 big bets of famous people <sec> when harry truman won the white house , jimmy the greek hit the jackpot .  ringo starr put his money down in 1974 against the beatles reuniting .  arnold palmer gambled to pay off his wife 's engagement rin .
 kuwait 's desert : from burning war zone to blooming nature reserve <sec> kuwait was ecologically devastated during its annexation by iraq in 1990-1 .  environmental scientists have been working to rehabilitate the environment .  iraqi troops dug extensive military fortifications in the desert , upsetting the ecosystem .  on retreat , they destroyed 700 oil wells in a `` scorched earth '' polic .
 rubio , cruz weighing bid for white house in 2016 <sec> marco rubio and ted cruz both say they 're now more interested in running for president .  rubio says the current senate gridlock is limiting his ability .  cruz says foreign policy is playing into his decisio .
 more than 191,000 dead in syria conflict , u.n. finds <sec> new u.n. study concludes at least 191,369 people have died in syrian conflict .  u.n. human rights chief navi pillay condemns `` international paralysis '' over syria .  the figure is probably an underestimate of the real total number of people killed , she says .  analysts could not determine if dead were fighters or not ; 85 % of deaths were of male .
 27 photos of glorious ireland <sec> cnn readers share their favorite views of ireland .  not to miss : the ring of kerry , dingle peninsula and the northern coast .  `` make notes for your next trip -- you will surely be returning , '' said kevin kan .
 two-party 'charade ' must end , ron paul says <sec> rep. ron paul says he 's not backing sens . .  john mccain or barack obama .  texas republican says major parties , media have `` colluded '' to avoid issues .  paul says he instead will endorse a third-party candidate for president .  these include cynthia mckinney , bob barr , ralph nader , chuck baldwi .
 for paul 's true believers , a study in american optimism <sec> ron paul 's supporters are avid , even though his chances now are practically zero now .  paul has yet to win a state contest and has amassed only an estimated 76 delegates .  still , supporters believe in the principles and movement he represent .
 higgs boson humorists get mass following <sec> new particle fits description of elusive higgs boson , scientists say .  since then , there has been wave of higgs humor on twitter .  difficulty of understanding something is perhaps thing that makes it funn .
 the dinosaur that ate sharks for breakfast <sec> nizar ibrahim found the most complete skeleton of spinosaurus .  it 's the first known aquatic dinosaur .  the only other skeleton was destroyed in a bomb raid .  it 's bigger than t-re .
 nba star strives to be the role model he always needed <sec> miami heat guard dwyane wade started foundation to help at-risk kids .  wade is national spokesperson for national recess week .  nba star says sense of community and sportsmanship are pivotal for kids .  says he wants to leave the world a better plac .
 google debuts free zagat site and apps <sec> google releases a revamped zagat site and apps on monday .  this is the first time zagat reviews can be accessed free and without registration .  zagat scores restaurants , nightlife , stores and points of interest on a scale of one to 30 .  the apps and site will only cover nine cities to start but more are coming soo .
 bieber catches tom hanks ' wedding dance moves <sec> justin bieber filmed tom hanks ' dance moves at a wedding .  the nuptials were for bieber 's manager , scooter braun .  hanks was grooving to `` this is how we do it .
 make the most of machu picchu <sec> make train reservations early , especially from may to september .  inca trail hikers need permits and should book with an outfitter months in advance .  visit the lost city early in the morning or late in the afternoon for smaller crowd .
 n.c. mourns 4 killed in crash of air tanker fighting western wildfires <sec> north carolina lowers flags to half-staff to honor the dead .  fires have burned in colorado , new mexico , montana , utah , wyoming and south dakota .  this year , 1.9 million acres have burned in wildfires , federal agency says .  two other crew members of an air force plane are injured in the crash , a hospital say .
 bigfoot claim a fake , ex-enthusiast says <sec> hikers ' discovery made of rubber , web sites say .  men who made claim did n't show up for cnn 's `` american morning '' .  stanford professor says his alleged participation in project is news to him .  `` there is virtually no prospect of this animal being real , '' professor say .
 town hits economic jackpot to become 'kia-ville ' <sec> mayor : west point , georgia , could get 20,000 jobs resulting from kia car plant .  before kia announcement , business owner thought town was `` gon na die '' .  news spurs construction of west point 's first new subdivision in 25 years .  auto workers from detroit , elsewhere applying for jobs at plant , mayor say .
 google captures view from world 's tallest building <sec> google captures world 's tallest building burj khalifa with street view .  users can see images from the basement up to the 163rd floor .  it is the first time street view has been used in the middle eas .
 warwick : jackson would 've loved memorial service <sec> singer dionne warwick : jackson 's memorial service was done with style , class .  warwick 's son was writing a song with jackson days before his death .  damon elliott : `` michael was like the greatest teacher to all of us .
 what the famous said in their first tweets <sec> monica lewinsky is perhaps the latest well-known person to join twitter .  her first tweet , `` # herewego , '' was a cautious one .  some famous first tweets show humor , awareness of the platfor .
 iran denies reported plan to retaliate if u.s. strikes syria <sec> `` iran will take no action against its ally and brother -- iraq , '' says iran 's foreign minister .  he calls for a `` peaceful and diplomatic '' resolution to the syrian crisis .  u.s. official : intelligence pointed to planning for possible retaliation if strike is ordere .
 japan one year on : what 's changed ? <sec> damage from last year 's earthquake and tsunami estimated to cost $ 300 billion .  newly created reconstruction agency charged with leading national rebuilding efforts .  daily workforce of 1,000 still needed to deal with mountains of debris .  huge rise in volunteer workers since last march 's traged .
 officials : federal charges unlikely in ferguson case <sec> federal investigators have been looking into the michael brown shooting .  sources say they have n't found enough evidence for darren wilson to face civil rights charges .  the former ferguson police officer shot and killed brown in augus .
 what you need to know about syria today <sec> u.n. humanitarian chief is `` extremely concerned '' about `` brutal and violent '' conflict .  184 people have been killed wednesday , an opposition group says .  in her final footage , a journalist described bombings and indiscriminate shootin .
 former mobster : in 'whitey ' bulger 's gang , death was way of life <sec> 72-year-old john martorano is the government 's star witness against bulger .  martorano has admitted to 20 murders as part of boston 's winter hill gang .  he testifies that bulger was directly involved in some killings .  `` a serial killer kills because they like it ... .  i never had any joy in it , '' martorano say .
 tiger woods tweets apology after being fined for spitting in dubai <sec> tiger woods is fined by the european tour for spitting during the dubai desert classic .  woods spat near the hole on the 12th green after missing a par putt .  woods apologizes on twitter saying he should have 'known better ' .  world number three endured a torrid final round sinking from tied second to 20th plac .
 five infamous female spies <sec> elizabeth van lew pretended to be crazy so no one would take her seriously .  belle boyd passed on information to the confederate forces .  sarah edmonds fought and spied as a man during the civil war .  exotic dancer mata hari convicted of espionage and executed by firing squa .
 'crazy turtle woman ' transforms graveyard into maternity ward <sec> suzan lakhan baptiste helped end leatherback turtle slaughter in her community .  her nonprofit nature seekers promotes turtle conservation throughout the caribbean .  the group 's efforts contribute to eco-tourism in the area .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open at cnn.com/heroe .
 too young to die : child victims of thailand 's violent unrest <sec> brother and sister killed in grenade attack at shopping mall in bangkok .  latest act of violence as anti-government protests in thai turn more violent .  father : they were just innocent children , they had nothing to do with this ( political issue .
 everything you need to know about 'the americans ' <sec> former `` felicity '' star keri russell returns to television in `` the americans '' .  she plays a married russian spy in the cold war era of the early 1980s .  the series focuses on family as much as espionage , creator says .  `` the americans '' premieres at 10 p.m . .  et wednesday on f .
 las vegas shooting victim 's friend : 'you never expect it ' <sec> mother of shooter jerad miller says families are `` profoundly saddened , confused '' .  woman the millers were living with in las vegas regrets not calling police before rampage .  friend of victim joseph wilcox says his friend went into a store to try to stop the miller .
 foxconn admits using underage interns in china <sec> foxconn admitted that interns as young as 14 worked at one of its chinese plants . .  chinese law prohibits workers younger than 16 from working in the factories .  the interns worked for about three weeks at foxconn 's yantai manufacturing plant .  foxconn is the world 's largest electronics manufacturer with clients like apple and samsun .
 cnn student news - october 22 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 chelsea fight back for crucial away victory <sec> chelsea fight back to beat liverpool 3-1 in their champions league quarterfinal .  branislav ivanovic ( 2 ) and didier drogba give the london side a vital advantage .  liverpool had taken a fifth-minute lead when fernando torres fired them ahea .
 '90210 's ' ian ziering 'excited ' to join chippendales <sec> `` dancing with the stars '' alum ian ziering will perform with vegas chippendales .  the former `` beverly hills , 90210 '' star calls it `` a dream come true '' .  his performances will run june 6 through june 3 .
 victims ' ages from 5 to 75 : jimmy savile abuse revealed <sec> one-time british tv star jimmy savile turns out to have been a prolific sexual abuser .  victims ranged in age from 5 to 75 , hospital investigations find .  savile abused at least 60 people over several decades at one hospital alone , report says .  twenty-eight hospitals in uk reported thursday on savile , with five more to com .
 caroline wozniacki turns si swimsuit model <sec> caroline wozniacki appears in si 's swmsuit edition .  the dane posts pictures of the shoot on twitter .  serena williams , maria sharapova and ana ivanovic have appeared in the edition in the pas .
 colorado legislature meets on civil unions <sec> civil unions bill assigned to `` kill committee , '' house democratic leader says .  water projects are among dozens of other bills that were not brought to a vote last week .  governor says passage of civil unions bill `` depends on frank '' mcnulty , speake .
 philadelphia suspect pleads not guilty in kidnapping <sec> new : delvin barnes pleads not guilty to kidnapping change .  he was indicted in the kidnapping of a nurse in philadelphia .  he faces a maximum sentence of life in prison if convicted .  barnes is also charged in alleged abduction of 16-year-old girl in virginia last mont .
 'glee ' sends wrong message on teen sex <sec> this week 's `` glee '' showed two teen couples -- one straight , one gay -- having sex for first time .  melissa henson says young viewers could feel that they , too , should be sexually active .  henson : never before have depictions of premarital teen sex been so common in the media .  worst thing parents can do is step aside and let hollywood do the teaching , henson say .
 u.s. crew member says one pirate 'taken down ' <sec> new : maersk alabama eluded pirates for more than three hours .  crew says hijacker released in hopes of freeing captain , but hijackers reneged .  4 hijackers boarded maersk alabama off coast of africa .  crew member details story in quick phone calls to wife , father in u.s .
 u.s. troops recount lieutenant 's death for iraqi court <sec> a sniper killed 1st lt. dustin vincent in kirkuk in early november .  the case against a suspect could take seven months .  u.s. troops are scheduled to be out before then .  a military lawyer praises iraqis for bringing cases to cour .
 nigerian weightlifter secures opening commonwealth games gold <sec> events at the commonwealth games in delhi get underway .  nigerian weightlifter augustina nkem nwaokolo wins the first gold medal .  australia dominate in the pool claiming four gold medal .
 captain in court over great barrier reef incident <sec> chinese ship officers to appear in court after veering onto great barrier reef .  ship was over 17 miles off course when it ended up in reef area .  ship 's chief officer faces maxiumum 3-year jail ter .
