 opinion : saying 'no ' is much harder than it should be <sec> it 's common to feel pressure when you receive too many requests from many people .  julianne wurm : while people want to say no , they often feel trapped into saying yes .  some simple rules can help people navigate the requests and set their priorities , she say .
 chinese model liu wen : how i survive fashion week <sec> even supermodels turn up at paris fashion week with no bookings .  they have to sit it out and wait for a call from a designer .  chinese model liu wen says : `` it 's a little bit crazy . '' .  she once walked a record 74 shows in one seaso .
 marijuana use is too risky a choice <sec> david frum : casual use of marijuana should n't be a reason to lock people up .  he says there are serious risks to brain development , mental health in using marijuana .  frum says it 's better to send simple message that marijuana is illegal .  he says too often social rules become so complex many people ca n't navigate the .
 kendrick johnson 's gym death : u.s. attorney to make announcement <sec> a news conference is scheduled for 1 p.m . .  et thursday .  surveillance video shows kendrick johnson walking into a gym .  his body was found rolled up in a gym mat at lowndes county high school .  authorities ruled the death accidental ; kendrick 's parents believe he was murdere .
 dubai sex-on-beach offender : i was naive <sec> british man convicted of having sex on a beach in dubai denies sex took place .  34-year-old admits he was `` extremely naive '' about muslim law .  couple were both convicted of public indecency , sex outside marriage .  three-month jail terms suspended on appeal ; they returned to uk last wee .
 apparently this matters : out of control at 125 mph <sec> `` apparently this matters '' is cnn tech 's weekly , offbeat look at trending topics online .  this week , jarrett looks at a 125 mph , out-of-control car ride .  the french driver maintained control , despite two seizures and two toll booths .  he clearly should have had a 4-cylinder saturn -- no 125 mph her .
 north korea declares 1953 armistice invalid <sec> the agreement ended the three-year war between the north and south .  the north has nullified the agreement on several occasions .  diplomacy between north and south has zigzagged from conciliatory to bellicos .
 why executions wo n't win indonesia 's drug war <sec> two australians are days away from being executed on drugs charges in indonesia .  calls for clemency ignored by indonesian president joko widodo .  authors : widodo 's war on drugs can be won `` without having to fire a single shot .
 camping with bedouin nomads in 'god-like ' desert <sec> wadi rum , nicknamed the grand canyon of the middle east , is a unesco world heritage site in jordan .  the rugged desert wilderness is a traditional home of nomadic bedouin shepherds .  the most famous foreigner ever traversed this desert is british army officer t.e . .  lawrence .  lawrence 's adventure was dramatized in the movie `` lawrence of arabia , '' which was partly shot in wadi ru .
 lady gaga spews forth : this is no act <sec> lady gaga has appeared to struggle since the release of her album `` artpop '' .  album sales were n't as high as her earlier ones .  her appearance at sxsw festival , which included 'vomit art '' performance , was criticized .  the singer stands by her decisions , saying they were made for the sake of ar .
 paths to new jobs can start at church <sec> more unemployed are getting help in job searches from houses of worship .  st. joseph 's catholic church in georgia has career community network .  network reviews résumés , connects job-seekers and companies , holds seminars .  successful job seeker : church is more welcomin .
 indian guru jailed , awaiting trial after followers clash with police <sec> 459 are arrested after violence at the ashram of rampal maharaj , police say .  rampal was arrested wednesday at the complex in india 's northern haryana state .  among the new charges against rampal are sedition , waging war against the state .  ashram leaders hand over to police six bodies ; all apparently died of illnes .
 two sc state universities face budget cuts over gay-themed assignments - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a legislative effort is underway in south carolina to reduce state money for two colleges .  freshman assignments at the schools included gay-themed material .  the legislator who proposed the cuts says his supporters `` appreciate me taking a stand '' .  an opposing lawmaker says politicians do n't want to face backlash from conservative voter .
 finding comfort with the creatures of south africa 's savannah <sec> cnn.com 's jarrett bellini is traveling in south africa .  readers chose his destination and can share their travel suggestions .  bellini will provide updates from south africa on cnn.com and cnn.com liv .
 cnn exclusive : escaped nigerian girl still feels afraid <sec> villagers say they were warned that attackers were coming , but police did nothing .  `` it 's like they were coming for a shopping trip , '' one witness tells cnn .  cnn team describes difficult trip to village where girls were taken .  `` we would rather die than go , '' girl who escaped tells cn .
 showdown over immigration : 'this is an invasion ' <sec> `` the problem still is there . .  the problem is in washington , d.c. , '' says murrieta mayor .  immigrant rights advocate denounces `` anti-immigrant hate language '' .  140 undocumented central american immigrants arrive in california from texas .  protesters block them from being processed at the murrieta border patrol statio .
 36 dead after bus collides with vehicle carrying mourners in india <sec> crash occurs late saturday near badaun , an official tells indian state-run news agency .  in addition to the 36 killed , 28 needed treatment .  one vehicle was bringing people back from a ceremony marking the last rites of a relative .  provincial government giving payments to those hurt and relatives of those kille .
 u.s. official : obama , rouhani discussed fate of three americans <sec> presidents obama and rouhani discussed three americans , administration official says .  obama `` noted our interest in seeing those americans reunited with their families , '' official says .  saeed abedini and amir hekmati are serving prison terms .  bob levinson 's whereabouts have not been known since he vanished in iran in march 200 .
 obama goes on offensive against clinton <sec> new : barack obama makes fun of hillary clinton for drinking a shot in front of media .  new : clinton 's verbal attacks on obama met with boos from audience .  clinton has accused obama of being out of touch , elitist for remarks at fundraiser .  at fundraiser , obama said some pennsylvanians bitter and clinging to guns , religio .
 in lin , china loves a winner <sec> jeremy lin 's success has been warmly embraced in china .  victor cha says his gains are n't likely to make a difference in relations between u.s. , china .  the relationship between the two nations is strained by many issues , he says .  cha : competing and winning is the best way for the u.s. to gain china 's cooperatio .
 reports : iranian journalist released <sec> yeganeh salehi was let go ; her husband , of the washington post , is still held , paper says .  jason rezaian is the post 's tehran bureau chief , the newspaper reports .  the couple was arrested in july , but it 's unclear wh .
 deliciously kitschy and 'crap souvenirs ' <sec> `` crap souvenirs '' features photos of some of the world 's kitschiest trinkets .  the book features photos of sphinxamids and smoking frogs .  a souvenir has to reflect a place beyond being emblazoned with its name , author say .
 wikileaks builds case against iran <sec> david frum : wikileaks release of diplomatic cables will embarrass many .  he says cables show arab nations have grave concerns about iran nuclear capability .  frum : disclosures make u.s. military action against iran more feasible .  tune in to `` larry king live , '' monday at 9 p.m . .  et , for more on the wikileaks document .
 youths drop summer activities for sandbags <sec> new : winfield sandbagging halted , with national guard efforts nearly complete .  football team skips weight training , travels 25 miles to help winfield , missouri .  volunteers trying to bolster at-risk levees .  teenage girl glad to help locally after annual house-building trip cancele .
 new jersey back on 2014 formula one calendar <sec> a new grand prix of america is added to the 2014 formula one calendar .  the new jersey race is scheduled for 1 june but given provisional status .  races in mexico and austria are also added to f1 tour .  pirelli are to continue as f1 's sole tire supplier in 201 .
 opinion : how the web mourned lou reed 's death <sec> reactions to reed 's death showed emotional intensity and intimacy , writes gene seymour .  he says many commented that reed had changed their lives .  seymour : reed was a pioneer in his romantic vision of outlaw street life .  many knew reed was ill , but thought he 'd last forever , he write .
 democrats did n't lose because of obama ( opinion ) <sec> cornell belcher : obama should have spent more time on campaign trail .  democrats fled from best progressive persuasion voice in our times : belcher .  clinton democrats , there are only democrats , belcher say .
 our top tech wishes for 2013 <sec> as 2012 ends , here are our tech dreams for 2013 .  will the big guys stop suing and start making the best gadgets possible ? .  we 'd love a `` perfect '' social networking site .  more `` made in the u.s.a. '' tech and longer battery life would also roc .
 alabama school wo n't let latino teen enroll , rights group says <sec> schools superintendent denies discrimination , says student welcome to enroll .  southern poverty law center : student not allowed to enroll because he was born in mexico .  the teen has been in the u.s. since he was 1 and moved to alabama in january .  `` it 's like i have nothing to accomplish . .  i just feel worthless , '' teen say .
 four-story building collapses in brooklyn <sec> residential building collapses in fort greene area ; 4 people have minor injuries .  residents in six adjacent buildings told to leave those structures .  owner of collapsed building cited in may after inspectors saw vertical cracks on wal .
 former cnn president burt reinhardt dies at 91 <sec> burt reinhardt was a key cnn executive during the network 's crucial early years .  he was a world war ii combat photographer .  reinhardt worked for several organizations before cnn .  he was an integral part of the network 's organization , cnn founder ted turner say .
 t-mobile offers free cell spots to all customers <sec> t-mobile to offer free cell spots that plug into wireless networks to extend coverage .  it will also support new phones that allow calls to jump from wifi to a cell network .  on planes with gogo wifi service , customers will be able to text and check voice mai .
 chinese censors block news on blind activist 's escape <sec> chinese censors block a growing number of keywords related to blind activist chen .  internet users in china often get around the censors by using codewords online .  chen guangcheng is now in the u.s. embassy in beijing after fleeing house arrest .  codewords such as `` abing , '' `` the shawshank redemption , '' `` ua898 '' and `` cnn '' blocked on we .
 agents search home in texas da deaths probe <sec> authorities search home of former justice of the peace .  eric williams last year was convicted of burglary , theft by a public servant .  slain assistant da hasse prosecuted that cas .
 lavish new year 's eve experiences <sec> these itineraries require deep pockets , but will set the tone for an amazing new year .  escape the world on `` hawaii 's most enticing island ; '' party with the stars in st. barts .  vienna offers a romantic new year 's eve , complete with an imperial ball .  caribbean resort offers a new year 's eve package that starts at $ 100,00 .
 cuban migrants held for ransom in mexico rescued , government says <sec> abductors wanted between $ 8,000 to $ 10,000 for each cuban from relatives in florida .  the cubans had been held in a series of safe houses in cancun for a month .  the yucatan peninsula has become a major landing point for cubans smuggled into mexico .  smugglers charge up to $ 10,000 per person to bring the cubans into mexico and north to the u.s. borde .
 eight dead after earthquake hits spain <sec> thousands of people are sleeping outside in southeastern city of lorca .  the earthquake measured 5.1 magnitude , the usgs says .  it was centered near the mediterranean coas .
 new rules for protests at supreme court <sec> court revises 60-year-old regulation after man silently holding sign challenged rules .  law clarifies protests on grounds ; still ca n't demonstrate on plaza or inside .  protests usually held on sidewalk outside court steps opposite capitol .  new rules exempt casual behavior not likely to attract a crowd or onlooker .
 china cracks down on chongqing 's gangsters <sec> anti-corruption drive in chongqing implicates millionaires , gangsters , police .  campaign has spotlighted organized crime , how it has infested local bureaucracy .  city 's economic boom has led to the resurgence of local gangs .  criminal trials are underway as the city fights at least 14 mafia-style gang .
 cricketer boucher rules out quick return after eye surgeries <sec> south africa 's mark boucher rules out a quick return to cricket .  boucher was forced to retire from international cricket with an eye injury .  the wicketkeeper lost the pupil , iris and lens in his left eye after being hit by a bail .  boucher is the most-capped wicketkeeper in the history of test cricke .
 opinion : the olympics ' forgotten people <sec> frankie martin : sochi 's indigenous people largely ignored in run-up to olympics .  putin 's talk of sochi 's history leaves out circassians , purged by russia in 19th century .  he notes outcry from circassian diaspora over games being sited on graves of forebears .  martin : other olympic hosts have recognized indigenous people ; russia can still do thi .
 rebels parade captured ukrainian soldiers in donetsk <sec> new : pro-russian crowds jeer and throw bottles at captured soldiers .  meanwhile in kiev , traditional independence day parade features tanks , rows of soldiers .  ukraine 's president vows heavy boost to military spendin .
 review : clint eastwood back on home turf in 'trouble with the curve ' <sec> clint eastwood plays gus , a scout for the braves in the new film .  amy adams is his daughter , a hotshot lawyer .  the movie has all the hallmarks of an eastwood movie in his folksiest mood , reviewer say .
 guard at u.s. consulate in china admits effort to sell classified info and access <sec> bryan underwood had lost thousands in the stock market , prosecutors say .  he wrote a letter offering `` information and skills '' to a chinese ministry .  `` i know your office can assist me in my financial endeavors , '' said the letter .  underwood pleads guilty to attempting to communicate national defense informatio .
 opinion : who are the syrian rebels ? <sec> barak barfi : syria 's civil war has spawned rebel groups across wide spectrum of ideology .  he says the free syrian army , most aligned with values of west , lacks cohesion .  he says moderate islamist grade into stricter groups salafists , jihadists with severe tactics .  barfi : fsa has lost ground ; if u.s. strikes regime , jihadists , salafists will grow stronge .
 could the next lunar mission come from s. africa ? <sec> non-profit aims to start process for african lunar probe .  aim of the project is educational as well as scientific .  increasing number of african nations are investing in space program .
 opinion : how the shutdown could make you sick <sec> caroline smith dewaal : shutdown can have serious impact on food safety , health .  she says recent salmonella outbreak from chicken shows what effect can be .  she says food contamination can go undetected as food safety offices remain dark .  writer : complex cooperation of agencies interrupted . .  inspectors need to get back to wor .
 2 officers charged in albuquerque homeless shooting <sec> keith sandy and dominique perez have been charged in james boyd 's 2014 death .  in 2014 , video captured police shooting the homeless man in hills above albuquerque .  the shooting is cited in a justice department report saying the albuquerque police department had a pattern of excessive forc .
 'the big lebowski ' 15 years later <sec> this march 6 marks the 15th anniversary of `` the big lebowski 's '' release .  the flick , which opened to mixed reviews , is now considered a cult hit .  bridges : `` your 12-year-old , or your teeny bopper , or most grandparents just wo n't get it .
 court ruling cements obama 's political legacy , experts say <sec> new : historian : obama can claim real accomplishments with bin laden 's death and gm 's bailout .  it 's in `` first paragraph of barack obama 's summation of his presidency , '' analyst says .  the clash over health care dominated the first half of obama 's presidency .  universal health care has eluded presidents since theodore roosevelt , historian say .
 girl summit battles female genital mutilation <sec> a global `` girl summit '' held in london aims to end fgm and child marriage .  campaigners want to eradicate female genital mutilation within a generation .  unicef estimates that 125 million women and girls worldwide have suffered fgm .  `` we should not be followers of traditions that go against human rights , '' says malala yousafza .
 report : private tv station in libya attacked <sec> reporters without borders condemns mounting violence against journalists .  the gunmen made the staff leave the building first .  the attack is the latest in a wave of violence targeting libyan media .  this week , four journalists were kidnappe .
 how to help your child cope with a bully <sec> hhs estimate : 30 percent of all kids grades 6-10 are bullied or have bullied annually .  bullying usually occurs in places not monitored by adults .  symptoms : personality changes , especially anxiety , sadness , withdrawal .  expert : calling the bully 's parents `` never a point of resolution .
 lowest-rated 'dwts ' finale ever <sec> tuesday night 's show become the lowest-rated finale in the franchise 's history .  nbc 's `` the voice '' was down 11 percent versus last week .  fox came in third with a two-hour installment of `` so you think you can dance .
 robben snatches victory for bayern <sec> a wonder goal from arjen robben helped bayern munich snatch a 3-2 away victory over werder bremen . .  the victory moved bayern above bayer leverkusen and to the top of the bundesliga table for at least 24 hours . .  schalke missed a chance to keep pace with the leaders as they conceded a late equalizer to bochum to draw 2-2 . .  borussia dortmund are now only three points behind bayern after they claimed a narrow 1-0 win over hamburg .
 'how i met your mother ' ends with one last twist <sec> `` how i met your mother '' ends after nine seasons .  viewers finally learn about ted 's truly love .  some fans appeared angered by the endin .
 real first wives ' club dishes on ex-husbands <sec> joy behar invited women who went through public divorces onto her hln show .  mary jo eustace talked about how hard it was to watch dean mcdermott move on .  lance armstrong 's ex-wife , kristen , said she could n't hate her husband 's new love .  dina matos said ex-new jersey gov . .  jim mcgreevey married her for political gai .
 politician nominates wikileaks for nobel peace prize <sec> lawmaker : wikileaks contributes to `` freedom of speech and transparency '' .  site has published numerous secret documents on iraq and afghan war .  lawmakers , academics around world can nominate anyone for the awar .
 williams signs felipe massa in a bid to restore former glories <sec> williams signs felipe massa for 2014 f1 season .  massa will be leaving ferrari at the end of the current season .  will partner valtteri bottas at williams replacing pastor maldonado .  kimi raikkonen to miss rest of this season due to back proble .
 former top fbi agent charged with child porn distribution <sec> donald sachtleben has a detention hearing in federal court wednesday .  the arrest was a result of a months-long probe , a u.s. attorney says .  police say he e-mailed child pornography pictures to another suspect .  as an fbi agent , he worked on the oklahoma city bombing and the unabomber cas .
 angelina jolie asks thai government to aid refugees <sec> angelina jolie calls on thai leaders to grant more freedom to refugees .  thousands of refugees are stuck in camps after fleeing myanmar .  jolie is currently goodwill ambassador for u.n. high commissioner for refugee .
 handmade clothes with a rwandan heart <sec> christine mbabazi started making clothes in her bedroom and now owns her own store .  she hand makes clothes , shoes and bags using african fabric .  mbabazi has plans to become a household name and sell abroa .
 larry david 's 'fish ' and the asian american 'show boat ' <sec> larry david 's play opens on broadway , faces some criticism over a hispanic character .  jeff yang : an asian american group rightly cancels staging of `` showboat .
 cnn student news - december 2 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
