 saudi lawyer in rape victim plea <sec> woman sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in jail under islamic law .  judge more than doubled 19-year-old 's sentence for speaking to the media .  woman 's lawyer loses law license for speaking to saudi-controlled media .  human rights group : lawyer faces three-year suspension and disbarmen .
 isis puts pressure on obama to act <sec> the second video of an american beheaded by isis prompted fast calls for more action .  members of congress from both sides of the aisle urge president obama to act quickly .  experts say isis is a sophisticated organization and more robust action may be complicated .  obama `` is now forced to respond because of this cruel and savage use '' of social media , one expert say .
 we 're living the dream ; we just do n't realize it <sec> steven johnson : by almost any measure , life in u.s. is much better than in past generations .  dropout rates , college enrollment , crime , infant mortality have shown improvement .  despite progress , most people , and the media , focus on negative trends , he says .  johnson : doomsayers get our attention more readily than those pointing to steady progres .
 soccer helping young refugees find footing in u.s . <sec> adapting to a new country can be difficult , stressful for child refugees .  a program in california is offering free tutoring and social support through soccer .  founder mark kabban says sports can build confidence , new friendships .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2012 cnn heroe .
 nra doubles down : new gun laws wo n't work <sec> new : nra 's lapierre : if this idea is crazy , `` then call me crazy '' .  new : sen. lieberman says nra is willing to deal with every possible cause `` except guns '' .  the gun control debate was reignited by the mass shooting at connecticut elementary school .  hutchinson tells cnn his panel will give educators instructions on placing guards in school .
 mom pleads for missing man 's body amid search of border lake <sec> new : the missing man 's mother pleads for help finding him .  new : the man 's wife suggests his killers may have his body .  sheriff suspects gunmen were pirates connected to mexican drug cartels .  fisherman says he was attacked by pirates in ma .
 u.s. officials : military strike in somalia targeted al-shabaab leader <sec> officials : strike in somalia targeted al-shabaab leader ahmed abdi godane .  the pentagon has not confirmed whether godane was killed .  an october u.s. raid to capture an al-shabaab leader was aborte .
 navy says it is ready to end ban on women in submarines <sec> dod official : letters of intent sent to congress , which has requested briefings .  move toward co-ed subs has no opposition among navy leaders , official says .  under plan , officers would be first to go co-ed , with women bunking together .  larger , nuclear-powered missile subs would be the first to carry women , official say .
 australian cricket coach axed ahead of ashes <sec> mickey arthur is replaced as australia cricket coach by darren lehmann .  arthur dismissed after a string of poor performances .  lehmann played 27 test matches for australia between 1998 and 2004 .  captain michael clarke has stood down as a team selecto .
 sehwag just misses out on test record <sec> indian batsman virender sehwag fell seven agonising runs short of a world record third triple-century . .  sehwag made 293 before he chipped the ball back to sri lanka spinner muttiah muralitharan . .  india closed the third day of the third test with their highest-ever total of 726-9 declared in reply to sri lanka 's 393 .
 head of leading libyan political party calls for unity <sec> libya 's political parties need to form a consensus , a leading politician says .  mahmoud jibril says all parties will have a chance to be part of a new start .  libya has struggled to emerge from the shadow of longtime ruler moammar gadhafi .  about 60 % of voters took part in elections for 200-member parliamen .
 airport subsidies : rural lifeline or money waster ? <sec> minnesota man relies on small airport for medical treatment .  house bill aims to kill subsidies to dozens of small airports .  airport : killing subsidies would hurt town 's economy .  opponent : subsidies waste federal mone .
 cholera intensifies struggle for aid groups in haiti <sec> emergency conditions make containing the cholera outbreak difficult .  aid groups focus on building houses and finding jobs for haitians affected by the quake .  aid workers observe that food and water deliveries do n't get distributed for months at a tim .
 clinton : obama 'must be our president ' <sec> new : hillary clinton : the time is now for democrats to unite .  new : barack obama calls clinton and thanks her for her support .  speakers at democratic convention tie mccain to bush policies .  former virginia gov . .  mark warner appeals across party lines in keynote addres .
 albania to india : give us mother teresa <sec> mother teresa lived , worked mostly in kolkata but was ethnically albanian .  albania wants her body repatriated in time for 100th anniversary of birth in 2010 .  mother teresa currently buried in missionaries of charity compound in kolkata .  mother teresa , who died in 1997 , beatified in 2003 ; could be canonized next yea .
 strauss-kahn lawyers assert diplomatic immunity in new york civil case <sec> dominique strass-kahn was head of the international money fund .  criminal charges that he assaulted a new york hotel housekeeper were dropped .  but the housekeeper filed a civil suit .  his lawyers argue that he enjoyed diplomatic immunity , and the suit should be dismisse .
 ex-egyptian president hosni mubarak , convicted of killings , will be retried <sec> new : adviser to current president said they 're looking forward to second trial .  hosni mubarak was found guilty last june of killing protesters .  former president to remain in custody , lawyer says .  the court also accepted appeals by mubarak 's co-defendant .
 60 years after brown v. board , still separate - is equal possible ? <sec> the 60th anniversary of brown v. board of education is may 17 , 2014 .  the supreme court case desegregated public schools .  public schools are again segregating along racial lines .  spelman college president : we fail to address school segregation at `` our own peril .
 iranian playing in nba scores with america <sec> hamed haddadi began playing for tennessee 's memphis grizzlies in august 2008 .  despite u.s.-iran tensions , strains appear absent with teammates , fans alike .  nba had to apply to the u.s. government for a license to let haddadi play .  he 's been trying to bridge gap between iranian-americans and basketbal .
 spree killing suspect held on $ 1 million bail <sec> new : suspected spree killer described as meth addict .  nicholas t. sheley , 28 , did not enter a plea at first court appearance .  police say ex-con tied to eight killings over past week in illinois , missouri .  all eight victims died of blunt-force trauma to head , authorities sa .
 great lakes freeze draws record visitors to ice caves national park <sec> the ice caves are spectacular this winter at apostle islands national lakeshore .  the freezing of the great lakes has created a natural wonder .  more than 120,000 people walk three miles round-trip over a frozen lake superior .  the caves are like `` walking into a hall of gods , '' visitor say .
 spaniard quiros proves master in qatar <sec> spaniard alvaro quiros triumphed by three strokes at the qatar masters .  former champion henrik stenson and louis oosthuizen shared second .  quiros is in line for his masters debut after climbing into the world top 3 .
 report : explosion kills 4 in hezbollah stronghold in beirut , lebanon <sec> 27 people also injured when a suicide bomber detonated a car bomb .  the haret hreik neighborhood is part of hezbollah 's `` security square '' .  the united states considers hezbollah a terrorist organization .  sunni islamist terrorists claimed responsibility for a similar attack weeks ag .
 commentary : 'death panel ' rumors are false <sec> blayney , nevidjon : health care debate has focused on a minor provision .  they say idea that government would engage in euthanasia is false .  they say bill only provides payment for optional discussions on end-of-life care .  blayney , nevidjon : research shows benefits of advance plannin .
 mormon church backs lgbt rights -- with one condition <sec> mormon leaders call rare press conference in salt lake city .  they pledge support for anti-bias laws for gays , lesbians , bisexuals and transgender people .  leaders say in return they want the laws to protect the rights of religious groups as wel .
 brazilian goalie charged with murder despite lack of corpse <sec> new : the prosecutor says the lack of a corpse will not hinder prosecution .  a brazilian soccer goalie is among nine people charged .  police : eliza samudio , 25 , was last seen in june .  suspect 's lawyer says the goalie will not answer questions about his alleged involvemen .
 9 things i wish i had n't learned in 2013 <sec> dean obeidallah says 2013 taught us a lot of things we 'd rather forget .  some think pope francis ' views about the poor are a bad thing .  we are the most self-centered generation ever , he says .  obeidallah : a crack-smoking mayor can have a higher approval rating than the president of the u.s .
 the world 's most colorful cities <sec> an indian town was painted pink in 1853 to celebrate a visiting prince , and it kept the color .  a south african community celebrated the end of apartheid with color .  in a smurfs movie promotional stunt , a spanish town was painted blue , and it stayed blu .
 strangers reunite dying teen with guatemalan family <sec> undocumented immigrant went to georgia to make money for family .  he has an extremely weak heart muscle ; doctors give poor prognosis .  lawmaker got visas for parents ; delta donated plane ticket .
 11 beautiful globes from the past 400 years <sec> conservator sylvia sumira has traced the history of making globes .  her book globes : 400 years of exploration , navigation , and power showcases her favorites .  globes are more of a symbol for navigation rather than a practical too .
 job creation ? look to entrepreneurs <sec> amy m. wilkinson says obama 's summit had mostly ceos , union reps , academics .  but , she says , most job creation in the u.s. since 1980 has been from start-up firms .  wilkinson : government funds and policies should target entrepreneur .
 five places to get your green on <sec> irish americans , who make up 12 percent of u.s. population , prepare to celebrate .  a political-roast host hopes for a call from president obama .  emerald isle ancestors are remembered coast to coast , even in the desert .  traditional step dancing hits chicago before the river turns gree .
 chess , rubber duck squeak into national toy hall of fame <sec> the national toy hall of fame inducted two toys from 12 finalists .  this year 's inductees : the rubber duck and chess .  finalists included pac-man , nerf toys and my little pon .
 musician 's passionate journey through buenos aires <sec> american violinist sarah chang flew to buenos aires to immerse herself in tango .  chang collaborated with local ensemble to create fusion of musical styles .  she says that the process has given her new sense of intimacy with audienc .
 latest developments on isis fight <sec> isis launches a major assault in an area near the kurdish capital in iraq .  cnn 's peter bergen : isis wants an apocalypse , urges people to stop thinking group is rational .  cnn 's tim lister breaks down how isis is spreading beyond syria and ira .
 'dancing with the stars ' season 20 premieres <sec> the show celebrated its 10-year anniversary .  there 's a new 14-karat-gold-plated mirror ball trophy .  the youngest contestant is 1 .
 police : facebook site may have led to beating of 12-year-old <sec> 12-year-old boy beaten by classmates in two separate incidents on friday .  attacks may be linked to facebook posting encouraging kids to target redheads .  boy at middle school in calabasas , california , was not injured seriousl .
 photographer captures 'unbreakable spirit ' in west africa <sec> photographer thomas nybo recently visited five west african countries .  nybo took pictures showing some of the continent 's toughest issues .  he says everywhere he went he met hard-working mother .
 this month on inside the middle east <sec> this month , inside the middle east journeys to morocco .  frustration is mounting as half of those between the ages of 15 and 29 are either unemployed or out of school .  the program meets several young rappers to hear some of the sounds of morocco 's urban rage .
 julian assange agrees to meet with swedish prosecutors in uk <sec> the wikileaks founder is wanted for questioning over sexual abuse claims ; he denies the allegations .  assange has been holed up in the ecuadorian embassy in london since june 201 .
 gallery : 2010 's top celebrity fashion trends <sec> stars like sarah jessica parker , mary-kate olsen and kelly ripa wear silly bandz .  zoe saldana said goodbye to the avant-garde , instead favoring clean lines and refined tones .  faux-fur vests like kim kardashian 's are animal- and closet-friendl .
 facebook to launch profile redesign <sec> profile changes will be part of a wider launch that will include a music and media platform .  platform will display the media content a user is watching or listening to on their profile .  we 've heard whispers that facebook intends to give facebook credits more prominenc .
 3 anti-government protesters killed in clash with police in albania <sec> new : the eu , which has considered adding albania , urges `` calm '' and `` dialogue '' .  albania 's pm says protesters aimed to take over his office and parliament .  the opposition leader blames the ruling government for the violence .  a hospital official says the 3 killed in tirana protests were shot at close rang .
 more details about zimmerman emerge during bond hearing <sec> more details emerge about george zimmerman at bond hearing .  his mother says he is `` very protective of people '' .  but a prosecutor says he 's a violent danger to the communit .
 strong quake hits southwestern china , killing at least 179 <sec> new : the death toll rises to at least 179 , authorities say .  about 6,700 people are reported to have been injured .  chinese premier li keqiang travels to the area .  the quake struck about 70 miles from the city of chengdu in sichua .
 mom of murdered schoolboy damilola dies <sec> mother of murdered schoolboy damilola taylor dies of suspected heart attack .  gloria taylor , 57 , collapsed while walking with her husband richard tuesday .  damilola , 10 , was stabbed in 2000 , death prompted soul-searching in britai .
 dad charged after allegedly showing toddler bound with tape on facebook <sec> new : the next court date is december 27 , the state 's attorney 's office says .  the photo showed a girl with tape apparently binding her mouth , wrists and ankles .  andre curry is charged with aggravated domestic battery .  message with the photo said this happens when `` my baby hits me back .
 'sleepy hollow ' season finale : ep mark goffman on that reveal <sec> `` sleepy hollow '' wrapped up its first season with a twist-filled finale .  executive producer mark goffman breaks down the cliffhanger .  next season 's theme is going to focus on the horseman of wa .
 'hackerazzi ' pleads not guilty , finds bail raised for new cyberstalking accusations <sec> new : johansson says she is not ashamed of the nude photo .  christopher chaney , 35 , pleads not guilty at arraignment .  he is accused of hacking into e-mail of celebs including scarlett johansson .  chaney has said he was `` addicted '' to hacking celebrities ' e-mail account .
 anderson cooper : gay role model ? <sec> writer stephanie fairyington says she 's felt conflicted about cooper 's silence on his sexuality .  as a journalist , fairyington understands cooper 's not wanting to become the story .  as a gay youth , fairyington found she lacked role models .  she hopes cooper 's coming out encourages gay youths to be proud of their identit .
 ben stiller 's 'zoolander ' makes surprise appearance at paris fashion week <sec> ben stiller and owen wilson reprised their roles as male models at paris fashion week .  they walked in the valentino show as derek zoolander and hansel mcdonal .
 review : the big pink 's 'future this ' <sec> the big pink 's latest album is produced by indie kingmaker paul epworth ( adele ) .  `` future this '' updates the best of '80s shoegaze with breakbeat rhythms and arena-worthy choruses .  frontman robbie furze finds love washing over him `` in a soft explosion .
 kevin smith , al sharpton show off dramatic weight loss <sec> filmmaker kevin smith gave up added and processed sugars to lose about 20 pounds .  he also shaved his beard for a new movie , `` yoga hosers '' .  the rev . .  al sharpton 's weight has dropped to about 130 pound .
 colombian guerrillas release american hostage kevin scott sutay <sec> new : red cross : kevin scott sutay is in good physical condition to travel .  sutay was released and handed over to u.s. representatives in bogota .  farc guerrillas kidnapped sutay on june 20 .  his case drew attention from the rev . .  jesse jackson , who pushed for his releas .
 sex and death : cast talks new season of 'true blood ' <sec> `` true blood '' returns for its sixth season on june 16 .  the new episodes will be the first since the departure of show creator alan ball .  cast members confirm someone will die this season but wo n't reveal wh .
 u.n. : poor countries could pay 40 percent more for food <sec> report : poor countries will spend $ 169 billion this year on food imports .  riots occurring from haiti to bangladesh to egypt over surging food prices .  food prices could mean `` seven lost years '' in fight against hunger .  food bank official : we struggle with gas , others struggle to fill their stomach .
 pakistan shuts down nato supply route <sec> pakistan launches operations against taliban militants in afghan border region .  operation closes khyber pass , a key transit link for nato military supplies .  eight people -- two suspected taliban militants and six civilians -- killed .  operation follows attacks against convoys , supply bases in regio .
 manning 's lawyer : he should not 'rot in jail ' <sec> prosecution calls manning a `` determined insider '' in largest leak of classified information .  asks judge to send a message to other would-be leakers with prolonged prison sentence .  defense says manning is an excellent case for rehabilitation ; he faces up to 90 years behind bar .
 opinion : when doctors cheat <sec> doctors were disciplined for sharing examination questions .  gregory ruhnke says cheating is surprisingly common among medical students .  he says cheating fosters behavior that can persist through doctor 's caree .
 police deny neighbors called about suspicious activity at castro home <sec> new : ariel castro is charged with kidnapping , rape ; his brothers are not .  nina samoylicz says she saw naked woman in 2010 ; police were n't called , neighbors say .  another neighbor , a relative of samoylicz , says he called about screaming in the home .  police say they have no calls about banging , women being held , naked wome .
 one killed when gunmen open fire on polio team in pakistan <sec> police officer killed in attack on team carrying out polio vaccinations in pakistan .  there was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack in balochistan provinc .
 opinion : the faulty fbi files that can ruin your life <sec> madeline neighly : employers use fbi background checks , but half the information is wrong .  she says 600,000 are turned away from potential jobs because database is n't updated .  neighly : an old arrest record can get workers fired , even if they were never charged .  system must be updated , she says ; it 's an injustice to thousands of american .
 possible compromise on immigration reform takes shape <sec> new : house lawmakers are also said to be working on a bipartisan immigration plan .  new : president obama will not present legislation , but call for action , during a speech tuesday .  eight senators , four from each party , unveil a `` first step '' toward an agreement .  conservatives reject the senators ' plan as `` amnesty .
 opinion : most missing person cases do n't have happy ending <sec> kenneth lanning : it is almost miraculous that three women missing for a decade turned up .  lanning : long-term missing cases are the most difficult and draining for law enforcement .  he says majority of missing kids go missing because they were runaways , lost or injured .  cleveland case inspiring , but most long-term abduction cases do n't end happily , he say .
