 'the future of zimbabwe is bright , ' says presidential hopeful <sec> simba makoni is a zimbabwean politician who ran for president in 2008 .  he says the country 's unity government has not met people 's expectations .  zimbabwe is expected to hold elections in next 12 months .  makoni says the `` future of zimbabwe is bright .
 by the numbers : presidential predictions <sec> 60 - percent of sales received at a halloween store for the president barack obama mask .  40 - percent of sales received at the same store for the mitt romney mask .  59 - percent of votes obama has received in the 7-11 contest as of october 31 .  9 - nuts eaten out of romney bowl by an election-predicting squirrel vs. 5 from obama bow .
 xinhua : buddhist monks arrested in tibet <sec> arrests tied to three bombings in april , police tell xinhua .  china says suspects confessed ; cnn could not confirm .  lhasa , tibet was site of deadly unrest in marc .
 troubleshoot your turf <sec> a good corn-gluten mix cures brown patches and weakens most fungi .  brown patches are often indicative of bug problems .  dog urine is high is nitrogen , so flush affected areas with wate .
 house gop budget to call for big changes to medicare , medicaid <sec> seniors would get vouchers for private insurance .  medicaid would be cut by up to $ 1 trillion .  corporate tax rate would be cut , but corporation loopholes would end .  proposal would not touch social securit .
 authorities hunt for amber alert suspect , girl in idaho wilderness <sec> a horseback rider reports sighting the pair in the central idaho wilderness .  authorities set up checkpoints but order no evacuations yet .  16-year-old hannah anderson has been missing since her mother was found dead .  family friend james dimaggio is suspected of abducting he .
 barcelona and real madrid both win in spain <sec> barcelona and real madrid both secure away wins in spain 's la liga .  barcelona win 1-0 at sporting gijon to stay five points clear of real at the top .  real beat deportivo la coruna 3-1 despite missing suspended cristiano ronald .
 boehner on gruber : americans are anything but 'stupid ' <sec> john boehner 's office responded to comments by an obamacare architect 's comments .  the architect , jonathan gruber , said the law was passed exploiting voters 'stupidity .
 new interim director of cdc named <sec> dr. richard besser has been designated acting director of the cdc .  besser replaces william gimson as interim director .  dr. julie gerberding was cdc head from 2002 to end of bush administration .  hhs-nominee tom daschle , upon confirmation , will appoint permanent cdc hea .
 'sophisticated ' border tunnel leads to seizure of tons of pot <sec> new : authorities describe a `` very sophisticated '' drug smuggling tunnel .  new : the tunnel was between a tijuana eat-in kitchen and two san diego warehouses .  new : two people have been arrested in the united states , and at least seven in mexico .  the tunnel is in the same area where agents found another this mont .
 when flying was a thrill <sec> bob greene : flying has become a soul-sucking slog with cramped seats , bad food .  he says it used to be pretty glamorous ; a chicago photog captured this in '30s-'50s .  mike rotunno took pictures of celebrities , politicians arriving at midway airport .  greene : stars made flying desirable , high-toned ; think of this next time you endure a fligh .
 who was copenhagen gunman omar abdel hamid el-hussein ? <sec> author and sociologist who met the gunman says he grew up in a hardcore gang culture .  el-hussein was kicked out of the gang and appears to have turned to radicalism , he say .
 hernandez trial : the latest developments <sec> aaron hernandez on trial for death of odin lloyd .  testimony focused on security video from hernandez 's home .  debate over whether hernandez holding gun or electronic devic .
 5 odd body trends inspired by the kardashians <sec> from belfies to butt implants , the kardashian clan has inspired many a trend .  the latest : kylie jenner 's pouty lips spark the # kyliejennerchalleng .
 is superbus the future of public transport ? <sec> richard branson takes a spin in prototype designed to transform commuting .  it 's designed to reach speeds of 250 kph and transport passengers in comfort .  creator says electric `` superbus '' was designed to make public transport `` sexy .
 pictet & cie facts <sec> pictet & cie is one of switzerland 's largest private banks , founded in 1805 .  managed by eight general partners with unlimited liability for its commitments .  in 2007 , pictet boasts more than $ 390 billion in assets under management , custod .
 obama : china must help lead against climate change - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama gives address on climate change at united nations on tuesday .  u.n. secretary-general is hosting world leaders at a one-day climate change summit .  the obama administration unveiled a climate change action plan in 201 .
 obama : it 's the world 's 'red line ' on syria ; senate panel backs military strike plan <sec> the white house welcomes senate panel 's support for a limited syria strike .  a house committee questions top administration officials .  president obama calls on the international community to act on syria .  obama kicks off a trip to sweden and russia as congress debates syri .
 japanese pm survives a no-confidence vote in parliament <sec> the opposition is unhappy with naoto kan 's handling of the march 11 disaster .  the motion needed 240 votes to pass .  kan has been in office nearly a yea .
 by the numbers : the bush family <sec> 6 - number of children george and barbara bush had .  3 - living members of the bush family who graduated from yale university . .  4 - trips to iraq while in office by president george w. bush after the war began .
 cnn student news - march 18 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 parents seek answers in niu killings <sec> steven kazmierczak carried out shooting spree at northern illinois february 14 , 2008 .  father of ryanne mace told his daughter to always sit on the front row of class .  `` there 's always an ache , loneliness and a longing , '' says ryanne mace 's mother .  parents want to know more details about the shooting and the kille .
 white house pushes congress on syria after obama 's recoil <sec> new : arab league condemns attack , blames syrian government .  kerry says blood and hair samples show `` signatures of sarin '' .  the u.n. says its investigation will be `` impartial and credible '' .  syrian opposition : obama has given false hope to those sufferin .
 commentary : 'michael jackson was a drug addict ' <sec> james walker : coroner 's preliminary finding shows jackson died of an overdose .  he says he 's one of jackson 's many millions of fans .  he says it 's painful to admit jackson was addicted to drugs .  walker : let 's stop avoiding the reality of drug addiction in our societ .
 father of murdered family testifies at trial for 2nd suspect <sec> dr. william petit describes the details of the deadly home invasion .  petit 's wife and two daughters were killed in the february 2007 incident .  joshua komisarjevsky faces 17 charges , including murder and arso .
 viewers weigh in on new hampshire senate debate <sec> viewers voted during the new hampshire debate using bing pulse .  democrats and republicans voted intensely in favor of their party 's candidate .  independents stayed more neutral in their opinion .
 iran 's soccer team wears symbolic green bands <sec> many iranians viewing team 's bands as a sign of support for opposition leader .  green is the campaign color of mir hossein moussavi .  iranian national team was playing a world cup qualifier in seoul , south kore .
 ny archdiocese : principal fired over writings on race , white supremacy <sec> a catholic elementary school principal is fired because of his writings on race .  frank borzellieri 's topics included `` the myth of integration '' and `` multicultural madness '' .  the new york archdiocese says he was dismissed after his writings were reviewed .  the opinions were found to be `` incompatible '' with schools in the archdioces .
 youtube moves to be web 's cable provider <sec> youtube adds 40 channels , many with international focus , to its original-content lineup .  the site 's top 25 channels now average more than 1 million views every week .  the effort kicked off last year with 100 channels , many partnering with celebritie .
 ten mystery diseases you 've never heard of <sec> a look at some of the rarest diseases in the world .  morgellons sufferers say strange fibers emerge from their bodies .  others like progeria sees the aging process accelerate much faster than usua .
 kimi raikkonen will be wake up call for fernando alonso , says niki lauda <sec> niki lauda says ferrari has made a `` very good '' decision by signing kimi raikkonen for 2014 .  the three-time world champion says it will also provide a `` kick '' for fernando alonso .  he warns managing raikkonen and alonso in 2014 will take `` strong leadership '' .  lauda says bringing lewis hamilton to mercedes made `` hell of a difference .
 uk parliament deputy speaker : rape accusations 'completely false ' <sec> evans says he considered the accusers his friends .  `` the complaints are completely false , '' he says .  the allegations involve two men in their 20s , the police say .  evans was elected deputy speaker of the house of commons in 201 .
 opinion : russia , scrap your anti-gay laws <sec> nick symmonds : olympians could raise issue of russia 's anti-gay laws .  symmonds : international olympic committee is against all discrimination .  he says if russia crack down on gays , the ioc must not turn a blind eye .  symmonds : olympic games is about setting aside differences , not persecutio .
 opinion : media , stop trying to crown hillary clinton <sec> howard kurtz : hillary clinton getting media coverage without generating any real news .  media find it easier to do speculative stories about hillary than ongoing issues , he says .  she 'd be a great nominee , but she 's still not talking , he says ; so where 's the news ? .  kurtz : she 's seems to be keeping her options ope .
 ariana grande , chris pratt set for 'snl ' premiere <sec> ariana grande and chris pratt will be on `` snl 's '' season 40 premiere .  the following episode will feature sarah silverman and maroon 5 .  `` snl '' is facing a lot of changes this seaso .
 enterovirus cases investigated in 12 states <sec> enterovirus clusters seen in 12 states around the midwest , southeast .  six states have confirmed ev-d68 cases .  missouri doctor calls situation `` unprecedented '' in terms of kids in intensive care .  enterovirus d68 causes respiratory illnesses like a cold , only wors .
 vanishing spray makes world cup debut <sec> for the first time , fifa referees are using a special vanishing spray .  refs spray a temporary white line 10 yards from the spot of free kicks .  the line keeps opposing players back and disappears after a minute .  it 's already been used in games the past several years by major league socce .
 man shoots co-worker while rescuing him from crocodile <sec> man rescues co-worker from jaws of crocodile in northern australia .  he shot crocodile , causing it to let go of man 's arm , second shot hit man 's arm .  the two were collecting crocodile eggs by a river bank in the northern territory .  wounded man 's injuries were not life-threatenin .
 skiing 's pop queen maze does it her way <sec> tina maze has rewritten skiing 's record books this season .  slovenian ace wrapped up overall world cup title with nine races left .  defied death threats to break all-time points record of hermann maier .  maze has had a no . .  1 hit record in her native countr .
 renaud lavillenie shatters sergey bubka 's pole vault record <sec> france 's renaud lavillenie sets a new world record in the pole vault .  he breaks the longstanding mark of ukrainian legend sergey bubka .  bubka was in attendance for lavillenie 's feat in bubka 's hometow .
 daring to speak out about bo xilai thriller <sec> bo xilai stripped of his top communist party posts for unspecified `` serious violations of discipline '' .  his wife , gu kalai , detained in connection with the death of a british businessman .  the scandal has stunned china 's hierarchy , but little substantiated facts have come out .  wang kang says he has taken a risk by revealing what he knows about the bo famil .
 the wheel turns for watermills and diy energy <sec> uk watermills undergoing a renaissance thanks to appeal of green energy .  many disused watermills in southwest england now supplying uk 's national grid .  british government hopes to compete with germany on green energy productio .
 f1 legend prost reveals french gp plan <sec> alain prost reveals talks being held over reinstating the french grand prix .  the race at the circuit paul ricard was last held in 2007 .  reports suggest the fia is to increase entry fees for team for the 2013 season .  red bull 's sebastian vettel sets the fastest time in practice ahead of the abu dhabi g .
 russia , china veto u.n. sanctions on zimbabwe <sec> china , russia veto resolution that would have meant sanctions for mugabe regime .  united states pushed for measure after mugabe refused to postpone runoff elections .  sanctions would have meant travel bans , frozen assets for mugabe and others .  proposed sanctions also would have imposed an international arms embarg .
 guy lives in witch 's house in beverly hills <sec> spadena house in beverly hills is universally called the witch 's house .  the house is designed to look like a fairy tale witch 's hom .
 2 teens get jail time in mexican 's beating death <sec> new : victim 's girlfriend , mother speak out ; groups condemn verdict , sentences .  derrick donchak , 19 , sentenced to 7 to 23 months for role in death of luis ramirez .  brandon piekarsky , 17 , gets 6 to 23 months for simple assault .  defense lawyers said assault was street brawl gone bad ; no racial bia .
 security tight as terrorist trial begins in northern ireland <sec> belfast court has a heavy police presence as 14 defendants go on trial in large terrorism case .  trial could last three months and is likely to be one of northern ireland 's most expensive ever .  nine of the men face murder charges in the 2000 killing of a rival paramiltary leader .  rival groups were responsible for deaths of hundreds during conflict known as the trouble .
 two-child policy in myanmar will increase bloodshed <sec> two-child limit placed on rohingya couples in two predominately muslim townships .  comes amid ongoing sectarian violence instigated by rakhine buddhists against rohingya muslims .  antagonism towards islam has lately spiraled into anti-muslim strife in other parts of myanmar .  aung san suu kyi : two-child restriction is `` discrimination not in line with human rights .
 suspect pleads guilty for murder of 3 canadian mounties <sec> justin bourque pleads guilty to 3 counts of first-degree murder , his lawyer says .  he set off on a rampage in early june through a city in new brunswick .  three royal canadian mountain police officers were killed , two others wounded .  the 24-year-old bourque is set to be sentenced on october 2 .
 hospital seeing more babies born exposed to prescription drugs <sec> tennessee ranks among the top states dealing with prescription drug abuse .  about half of all babies in intensive care at one hospital suffer from drug withdrawal .  opioids , like oxycodone , are the main drugs in these babies ' systems .  most are diagnosed with neonatal abstinence syndrome , or na .
 egyptian resort town to mubarak : get out <sec> tourism workers say mubarak 's presence has hurt business .  he is receiving treatment at a sharm el-sheikh hospital .  mubarak 's police protection contrasts with tourism vib .
 three affordable european mini hotel chains <sec> pay just $ 36 for four hours in one of yotel 's london locations .  at qbic hotels , colorful lighting schemes give the rooms a club-like feel .  citizenm rooms feature an ultramodern cylindrical showe .
 creepy hit 'take this lollipop ' getting a sequel <sec> kickstarter campaign launches to make a sequel to viral hit `` take this lollipop '' .  the interactive viral video was viewed more than 100 million times .  director , actor say success , emmy award were big surprises .  jason zada promises sequel will go `` a step further .
 iran 's top cop offers to resign if boy-girl survey proves true <sec> a survey says 80 % of young iranians have friendships with the opposite sex .  iran 's police chief says if the survey proves true he will quit .  such relations and drinking alcohol are forbidden in ira .
 europe has power over russia , but needs more than gesture diplomacy <sec> european leaders are meeting to discuss sanctions against russia over ukraine .  david clark says putin acted without thought and russia 's economy is weak .  clark says russia has vulnerabilities europe can leverage -- and should do so .  he says gesture diplomacy will not be enough , otherwise the talks will be waste .
 what teens will be reading next <sec> `` the fault in our stars '' likely to bring uptick in contemporary young adult fiction .  mystery and horror stories are on the rise for teens .  there is momentum for diversity in young adult lit but a long way to go , experts sa .
 'the social media games ' : how hashtags and likes are shaping london 2012 <sec> opening ceremony of london 2012 saw more tweets than entire beijing games .  british diver tom daley abused via twitter after fourth-place finish in synchro diving .  social-networking website facebook has 900 million registered users .  swimmer emily seebohm blames social media preoccupation for failing to win gol .
 gaza war : why it 's different this time ( opinion ) <sec> in some ways , gaza conflict fits pattern of earlier clashes , but this one is different .  rick francona says israel seems determined to render hamas militarily ineffective .  hamas knows it will be much harder to re-arm due to egypt 's opposition .  francona : netanyahu seems fixed on idea of neutralizing hamas ' tunnel .
 off-duty cops protect darren wilson , as death threats come in <sec> deadly drove the former ferguson police officer into hiding after he shot michael brown .  fraternal order of the police members took up his protection voluntarily .  spokesman : ferguson police department gave wilson no protection .  fbi arrests seattle man for allegedly posting multiple death threat .
 contributions to clinton foundation jump threefold - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the bill , hillary and chelsea clinton foundation had a three-fold growth in contributions from 2012 to 2013 .  according to the tax filing , nine donors collectively gave over $ 60 million .  nearly 10 % -- or $ 8.1 million -- of the foundation 's $ 84.6 million in expenses was spent on trave .
 commentary : attention , men -- no doctor 's visit , no sex <sec> roland martin : men are foolishly reluctant to go to the doctor .  he says some black men cite the infamous tuskegee experiment .  martin : men already have a shorter life expectancy than women .  he says that failing to detect and treat illness makes no sens .
 five of the world 's best hotel bars <sec> hotels around the world offer unforgettable bars for guests and visitors to relax in style .  red2one in santiago , chile , has modern decor and views of the snow-capped andes .  everything from the furniture to the cocktail glasses is made of ice at icebar .  see the sydney harbour bridge and the opera house when you sip a drink at blu ba .
 schwarzenegger signs new anti-paparazzi law <sec> under new california law , paparazzi can be sued for taking unauthorized photos .  media outlets who use photos could also be subject to fines .  celebrity columnist claims some photos are planned in advance by celebritie .
 akin 's 'legitimate rape ' comments trouble for gop - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rep. todd akin 's comments could dash gop senate hopes , impact presidential race .  mitt romney and other gop leaders raced to denounce akin 's comments .  democrats use the comments to stoke `` war on women '' campaign rhetoric .  if akin stays in the race he could further damage the gop , strategists sa .
