 1.78 million facebook users may die in 2011 <sec> this year around 480,000 facebook users may pass away in the u.s . .  entrustet found that 150 % of 20- to 24-year-olds in the u.s. are on facebook .  in coming years one in every ten of your social network friends will be nonhuma .
 weather delays delivery of top section of 1 world trade center <sec> one world trade center will top out at 1,776 feet .  construction crews were scheduled to bring up final two sections monday .  delivery delayed due to inclement weather .  once they are installed , they will make building tallest in western hemispher .
 new phone apps seek to 'augment ' reality <sec> `` augmented reality , '' a merger of the digital and virtual worlds , is coming to phones .  `` ar '' apps put info -- like twitter posts -- on top of live video captured by phone .  smartphone gps and compass systems paved the way for the advance .  some say ar is in its infancy ; others question its usefulnes .
 halliburton , kbr sued for alleged ill effects of 'burn pits ' <sec> 6 lawsuits filed tuesday ; 3 more are scheduled to be filed wednesday .  suits filed on behalf of veterans , contractors , their families .  suits blame health problems , deaths on emissions from burn pits .  no long-term danger from smoke from balad air force base pit , military said in 200 .
 opinion : are ads ruining baseball on the radio ? <sec> bob greene : baseball radio play-by-play is working commercials into the announcers ' descriptions .  he says baseball on the radio is still special -- it 's free and comforting commentary in summer .  at times , play-by-play can reach heights , as in description of stan musial 's last at bat , greene say .
 swedish diplomat arrested , released in iran <sec> swedish foreign office : diplot arrested in iran during holy muslim holiday .  two news reports said diplomat was participating in protests .  official : arrest happened two weeks ago ; diplomat held for 10 hours , then release .
 big-business lobbyists call on obama , congress to work on immigration <sec> three top pro-immigration business groups said congress needs to pass legislation .  the top lobbyists said they were hopeful congress could work on legislation next year .  while not necessarily thrilled about executive action , they emphasize working togethe .
 opinion : do n't ignore the threat of ieds <sec> bob morris : pressure cooker bombs , like the one used in boston marathon , are not new .  morris : ieds are effective for those who want to inflict terror and violence on people .  he says to date , the domestic and international threat of ieds has been ignored .  morris : the u.s. and the global community must take meaningful action against ied .
 holocaust survivor : museum shooter akin to suicide bomber <sec> holocaust survivors fear museum shooting emboldens others who embrace hatred .  shooting leaves eva rich blumberg pondering whether to deliver speech sunday .  blumberg : `` i could n't sleep all night because things keep coming back '' .  shooting highlights importance of `` placing greater emphasis on prejudice , hatred .
 hungry caterpillars force liberian emergency <sec> liberia declares emergency after hordes of ravenous caterpillars infest country .  tens of millions of the worm-like larvae have appeared in northern areas .  up to 350,000 people in 62 communities may have been affecte .
 bangladesh army says it foiled plot <sec> army in bangladesh says it foiled military coup .  general blames officers with 'extreme ' religious views .  nation has a history of plot .
 woman found dead in hospital stairwell believed to be missing patient <sec> the body was discovered during a routine quarterly check , officials say .  lynne spalding went missing from san francisco general hospital .  she was last seen in her hospital room on september 21 .  the hospital says it does not know what happene .
 states saying 'no ' to medicaid expansion , but patients , voters worried <sec> half of states will expand medicaid under obamacare ; half refuse or are on the fence .  low-income citizens and their advocates say medicaid expansion necessary .  states like texas , florida say a medicaid expansion is costly and will fail .  politics at play and most states will eventually expand the program , political experts sa .
 missing children , perception vs. reality <sec> may 25 is national missing children 's day , chosen because of etan patz .  kenneth lanning : children can be missing for a wide variety of reasons .  he says most missing children are not abducted , most abducted children are not missing .  lanning : awareness about missing vs. abducted children will help prevention effort .
 chinese astronauts back to earth after mission hailed complete success <sec> three chinese astronauts return after their country 's longest manned space voyage .  zhang xiaoguang : `` we are dreamers , and we have now fulfilled our dream '' .  shenzhou-10 twice docked with the orbiting space station tiangong-1 .  part of ambitious multi-billion dollar program to establish manned space station by 202 .
 taliban suspending talks on captive u.s. soldier bowe bergdahl <sec> new : taliban express appreciation to karzai for recent prisoner release .  official : u.s. diplomats had been carrying out `` extremely sensitive discussions '' .  taliban point to `` current complex political situation '' .  bergdahl has been held by insurgents in pakistan since 200 .
 colombian villegas wins honda classic <sec> new : villegas ' victory moves him to third position in 2010 standings , .  kim comes in second with rose in third ; and casey , singh tied for 4th .  south korean noh seung-yul has won the malaysian open by a single strok .
 why developing vs. developed is now meaningless <sec> in the 1960s , the world was divided into `` developed -- or western '' and `` developing '' .  hans rosling says the division was relevant in terms of wealth , education and life expectancy .  but he says since then , there has been a shift -- with most countries in the middle .  the old mindset has not kept up with the new reality and needs changing , rosling say .
 opinion : we need a vibrant middle class <sec> jennifer erickson : the rich like tom perkins and bud konheim live in a bubble .  erickson : konheim 's idea that the poor in america are actually wealthy is ludicrous .  she says median incomes in american are lower now than they were in 2000 .  erickson : without a vibrant middle class , america will fall behind in economic growt .
 arsenal fight back to win sensational north london derby <sec> arsenal fight back from 2-0 behind to thrash north london rivals tottenham 5-2 .  theo walcott scores twice in a frantic second half after spurs take an early lead .  ryan giggs celebrates his 900th game for manchester united with a late winner .  united defeat norwich 2-1 to close the gap on english leaders manchester cit .
 cop who shot tamir rice called 'distracted and weepy ' <sec> cleveland police officer timothy loehmann shot and killed a 12-year-old boy .  records show he had resigned from a past police job in a cleveland suburb .  former supervisor : he showed `` lack of maturity , indiscretion and not following instructions '' .  cleveland police say they never saw the personnel file that detailed criticis .
 obama signs bill targeting crime on indian reservations <sec> new : president obama signs the tribal law and order act .  new : obama comforts rape victim who breaks down while introducing him .  the new law expands law enforcement powers of tribal authorities .  statistics : one in three native american women are rape .
 protesters vow to stand their ground at occupy dc camp <sec> new : a dc protester goes to court saying the eviction of `` destitute participants '' is unfair .  new : occupy dc says 50-75 protesters are on site , including a `` bunch of new occupiers '' .  new : video shows police making arrests and taking down tents in charlotte .  over the weekend , protesters and police also clashed in oakland , californi .
 dallas ' ebola patient waited days for experimental drug <sec> fda says it received the request for the treatment on october 3 .  thomas eric duncan was admitted for ebola on september 28 .  duncan died wednesday , the hospital said .  hospital : duncan was `` treated the way any other patient would have been treated .
 lady gaga , cyndi lauper on anti-aids mission <sec> gaga is a worldwide pop icon thanks to hits such as `` poker face '' .  promoting hiv and aids awareness along with singer cyndi lauper .  lauper says she does not know if the pair will collaborate with madonna .  gaga : if you 're in the public eye you 're a role model whether you want to be or no .
 162 cases of illness linked to oil spill reported in louisiana <sec> louisiana report says 162 people have reported illnesses .  128 of those were workers in the gulf and the rest from the general public .  symptoms included throat irritation , shortness of breath , coughing .  most were between the ages of 18 and 6 .
 bush arrives in tanzania bearing gift to fight poverty <sec> president bush signs aid compact with tanzania during africa tour .  president , first lady visiting five nations during six-day visit to the region .  benin thanked president bush for anti-aids efforts , other u.s. help saturday condoleezza rice will visit kenya to back efforts to end political crisis ther .
 arms trade : u.s. must step up ( opinion ) <sec> conventional weapons are often overlooked in headlines , rachel stohl says .  stohl : arms trade treaty enters into force this week .  u.s. must take leadership role , she say .
 pilgrim 's pride recalls breaded chicken wings <sec> poultry company recalls two types of breaded chicken wings .  labels did not say packages included eggs .  pilgrim 's pride recall was voluntar .
 thai military : think before you tweet <sec> thai military takes control and restricts nation 's tv and radio .  netizens turn to social media to get updates , voice opinions .  military has warned not to be critical on social media post .
 probe questions fate of refugees in thailand <sec> cnn finds evidence hundreds of rohingya refugees abandoned at sea by thai army .  photos show refugees on their rickety boats being towed out to sea , cut loose .  the army denies setting refugees adrift ; thai government has launched an inquiry .  rohingya have been fleeing persecution of the hard-line military regime in myanma .
 civilians die in second day of afghan offensive <sec> isaf commander apologizes after 12 civilians killed .  u.s. , marine , british soldier killed , u.s. military official says .  marjah region long a bastion of pro-taliban sentiment , awash with opium .  coalition 's ground offensive follows air assault .
 sochi 2014 : russia 's gold rush - paradise lost , or found ? <sec> russia 's first winter olympics has brought both opportunities and disruption .  spa owner says extensive construction work has made his business `` very difficult '' .  an american has found a niche facilitating needs of officials , sponsors and broadcasters .  french father-and-son restaurant team waiting until after olympics to see benefit .
 attack hit tunisia where it hurt <sec> tunisia weathered the arab spring and has been buoyed by its tourism industry .  authors : the fedayeen-style attacks are an effort to spread fear and weaken the natio .
 missing university of florida student 's father : body found , grieving can begin <sec> `` we ... believe that christian has been found , '' christian aguilar 's father says .  police have not confirmed that a body found recently is that of christian .  18-year-old has been charged with murder in aguilar 's apparent deat .
 newsquiz : week of march 12 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 woman confesses to 1967 slayings <sec> woman said she shot co-workers who taunted her for being a lesbian , police say .  `` i was just pushed so far , '' sharron diane crawford smith , 60 , told police .  smith was charged with first-murder before she died january 19 .  constance smootz hevener and carolyn hevener perry were shot in ice cream sho .
 andy murray weds kim sears : 'royal wedding of scotland ' <sec> uk tennis star andy murray wed his long-term girlfriend , kim sears , in dunblane , scotland .  saturday 's event has been dubbed `` the royal wedding of scotland .
 'kamikaze ' film delves behind war propaganda <sec> documentary shows not all kamikaze pilots faced their death gladly .  film found veterans were not just fanatics but had mixed emotions about the past .  director found veteran who criticized the emperor for not surrendering sooner .  4,000 kamikaze pilots died and 34 u.s. ships sunk in last months of the wa .
 vinokourov claims cycling gold as british favorites struggle <sec> kazakhstan 's alexandre vinokourov wins gold .  colombian rigoberto uran claimed silver , norway 's alexander kirstoff bronze .  world champion mark cavendish finishes a disappointing 29t .
 swedish fashion : how less can be more <sec> sweden is turning its flair for sleek design into a major business export .  h & m is one well known brand from sweden , but others are making their mark globally .  the fashion industry is contributing to rising export sales despite the world 's financial slum .
 a timeline of the khmer rouge regime and its aftermath <sec> khmer rouge ruled from 1975 to 1979 .  leader was pol pot who died in 1998 .  charges brought against five top leaders .  `` duch '' sentenced to life , two verdicts pendin .
 shoe-throwing journalist sentenced to 3 years in prison <sec> muntadher al-zaidi gets three years in prison for throwing shoes at president bush .  throwing shoes at someone is sign of contempt in middle east .  al-zaidi said he was upset over violations committed against iraqi .
 huckabee refuses to retract '92 remarks on aids patients <sec> new : mike huckabee stands by '92 remarks on homosexuality as `` sinful lifestyle '' .  huckabee also called for isolation of aids patients in earlier questionnaire .  gop candidate says he would n't say same thing about aids patients today .  but huckabee says he wo n't retract his earlier comments on aid .
 ex-sect members escape polygamy but not pain <sec> women share stories on fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter day saints .  flora jessop says she escaped abusive community , now helps others do same .  woman who cared for escapees : `` you literally have to take them , deprogram them '' expert says women often stay , fearing `` terrible forces outside .
 stem cells may offer promise for damaged hearts <sec> most stem cell research targeted at the heart uses adult stem cells .  the fda regulates adult stem cell techniques that are allowed to go into clinical trials .  unlike organ transplants , adult stem cells generally can be given to any patient .  therapies be available in a little over four years , although some say five to 1 .
 octuplets ' births surprise california doctors <sec> babies may be u.s. 's second set of live-born octuplets , california hospital says .  doctors expected seven babies , did n't know of eighth until delivery .  octuplets delivered by caesarean section monday morning .  three require breathing assistance ; next seven days will be critical , doctor say .
 jeremy irons on playing a pope , 'the lion king ' and his voice <sec> jeremy irons plays rodrigo borgia , a pope , in `` the borgias '' .  the actor voiced the malevolent scar in `` the lion king '' .  `` making 'the borgias ' is a great experience , we have a lot of fun , '' irons sai .
 u.n. slaps arms embargo on yemen 's houthis <sec> egypt , saudi arabia to launch joint military maneuvers inside saudi borders .  the arms embargo applies to the houthis and backers of ex-president saleh .  russia abstains from the u.n. security council vote over the inclusion of sanction .
 autopsy showed morphine overdose killed slipknot bassist <sec> autopsy showed morphine overdose killed gray .  slipknot bassist was found dead may 24 .  gray also sufffered `` significant heart disease .
 mars one : 'it 's important what you do before you die ' <sec> mars one announces 100 candidates for mars colony .  first launch is planned for 2024 , to land in 2025 .  there are doubts over the feasibility of the project , but `` pioneers are always ridiculed , '' says mars hopeful alison rigb .
 australian open : down under 's daunting tennis test <sec> the first grand slam of the tennis season , the australian open , takes place in melbourne .  novak djokovic and kim clijsters will be defending their men 's and women 's singles titles .  in 1976 , mark edmondson , world ranked 212th , claimed a shock victory in the tournament .  martina hingis became the youngest grand slam winner when she triumphed in 199 .
 local news , information are going mobile big time , pew survey says <sec> 65 % of mobile consumers say it 's easier to keep up with local information than 5 years ago .  52 % of u.s. hispanics , 51 % of african-americans , 45 % of whites get mobile local news .  people who are parents of minor children are especially likely ( 64 % ) to get local mobile new .
 english club tottenham hotspur faces more anti-semitic abuse <sec> fan arrested for anti-semitic abuse at tottenham 's game against southampton .  man , 57 , charged on suspicion of a racially aggravated offense .  he was reported to police by visiting southampton supporters .  scheduled to appear in court on may 19 pending further investigation .
 dmz : tensions high at the knife-edge of korean conflict <sec> demilitarized zone ( dmz ) between koreas is most volatile border region on earth .  tensions were higher on regular weekly press tour of the dmz truce village at panmunjom .  since 1953 , more than 500 south korean soldiers , 50 american have been killed along dmz .  n. korea has as many as 1.1 million battle-ready troops . .  s. korea has 639,00 .
 how much will it cost fox to keep hugh jackman as wolverine ? <sec> `` the wolverine '' has grossed $ 307 million worldwide .  jackman would have to train his body for more films .  there is speculation the actor could snag $ 100 million for the rol .
 opinion : 'rogue ' dhs unions follow obama 's lead on deportation <sec> ruben navarrette : two dhs unions now publicly oppose proposed immigration reform .  he says this `` rogue-ish '' behavior awkward for president obama , who supports reform bill .  obama turned blind eye to zealous deportation , even when it flouted morton memo , he says .  navarrette : deportation-happy ice officials no more `` rogue '' than the president 's policie .
 al qaeda still greatest danger , u.s. adviser says <sec> u.s. to warn against al qaeda 's ability to inspire americans to attack .  `` we have to be resilient , '' counterterrorism adviser says .  drone strikes , targeted raids will be preferred over long wars , he says .  u.s. wo n't rule out future unilateral strike .
 runner gets homeless on right track <sec> philadelphia marathoner found herself running past homeless shelter every day .  after contacting shelter , anne mahlum started running club `` back on my feet '' .  club now has teams in three city shelters with 54 homeless member .
 u.s. prepared to cut greenhouse emissions , bush says <sec> new : `` we acknowledge there is a problem '' with gases , bush says .  bush calls on nations to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .  `` u.s. will do its part , '' bush tells international meeting .  president proposes more use of clean coal technology , biofuel .
 rand paul : romney 's wrong on middle east , defense spending <sec> sen. rand paul : i support mitt romney but question some of his foreign policy speech .  he says romney seeks more intervention in mideast , where u.s. wars have fared poorly .  paul says arming the rebels in syria risks empowering some people with anti-u.s. agendas .  he says u.s. defense budget is too high , growing at unsustainable rat .
 how airasia flight compares to air france 447 crash <sec> bill palmer : airasia crash bears similarities in terms of weather , other factors , to af447 .  he says storms in the intertropical convergence zone can grow to great height , intensity .  palmer : real causes wo n't be known until more of the plane is recovered , analyze .
 u.s. delegation to russian olympics includes gay athletes <sec> gay athletes billie jean king and caitlin cahow in u.s. delegation to sochi winter olympics .  u.s. will not be sending any high-ranking officials , which is seen as a snub to russia .  king will attend the opening ceremony on february 7 .  cahow will be in the party appearing at the closing ceremon .
 tunisians mourn protest victims as small demonstrations continue <sec> a three-day mourning period ends sunday .  interim pm mohammed ghannouchi says he will leave politics after elections .  small protests break out in the tunisian capita .
