 mers makes first u.s. appearance , in indiana <sec> the patient is a health care provider who traveled to saudi arabia .  mers coronavirus was first reported in 2012 in the middle east .  saudi officials have noted a recent spike in case .
 congolese vote in landmark election following weekend violence <sec> the polls are critical in the nation struggling to rebuild after a long war .  congo 's last election in 2006 was overseen by the united nations .  the nation is battling unrest years after the 1998-2003 war formally ended .  `` kabila 's regime has lasted too long , '' a voter say .
 brazil catholic church opposes proposed reforms to rainforest laws <sec> the senate is considering changes to the country 's forest code .  the church will start a petition among its 12,000 parishes .  environmentalists fear that the changes will lead to rainforest devastatio .
 sri lanka army chief : troops have taken key rebel stronghold <sec> rebels gained control over mullaittivu in 1996 , established a military garrison there .  military making significant progress to recapture rebel strongholds .  earlier this month troops regained control of key northern town of elephant pass .  tamils want independent homeland , war since 1983 has left more than 65,000 dea .
 toyota making drastic production cuts after japan quake , tsunami <sec> toyota announces drastic production cuts in north america and china .  the company had already announced that it dropped production in japan .  the cuts come amid difficulty in supplying parts after last month 's quake and tsunami in japa .
 oakland police officer pronounced brain dead after shootings <sec> new : police officer being kept on life support until decision on organs made .  three of his fellow officers killed in shootings in oakland , california .  shootings occurred in two different locations in oakland neighborhood .  suspect died in exchange of gunfire with police , police sa .
 bishop prays for 'peaceful , perfect , end ' for nelson mandela <sec> new : cape town 's archbishop leads mandela 's family in prayer .  crowds of supporters and news crews stand outside the hospital .  nelson mandela 's family visits his bedside .  officials say mandela 's condition worsened over the weeken .
 charlie sheen arrested in domestic dispute , police say <sec> actor charged with several offenses with a domestic violence component , police say .  aspen , colorado , police say alleged victim was not taken to hospital .  sheen has been married to brooke allen since may ; they have twin .
 how to handle unwanted friend requests <sec> one of the ways to get around accepting a facebook friend request is ignoring it .  there 's a lengthy yet effective process for limiting what info friends have access to .  another possible way to politely avoid someone is to reject them and give an explanation .  whichever tactic you use , now might be the time to clean up your facebook profil .
 swiss voters choose moderate , center parties over far right <sec> new : the anti-immigration people 's party suffered losses in parliamentary elections sunday .  new : two more moderate parties were winners in sunday 's voting .  new : the far-right people 's party 's loss came as a surprise to many .  the people 's party took the largest share of the vote in modern history in 200 .
 can f1 rekindle its american dream ? andretti : 'yes we can ' <sec> formula one returns to the u.s. for the first time since 2007 this weekend .  former world champ mario andretti says stability is key to latest f1 venture .  purpose-built track in austin has a ten-year contract to stage f1 races .  jackie stewart says u.s. can comfortably support two f1 races every seaso .
 ambush suspected after man , daughter vanish <sec> sarah skiba and father went missing in 1999 , along with employee lorenzo chivers .  dna tests show pool of blood on the ground belonged to sarah and her father .  police have interviewed as many as 80 people , but no arrests have been made .  `` someone took her away from me unjustly , '' sarah 's mother say .
 trial ordered for 2 california police officers in beating death of homeless man <sec> new : `` this kind of incident is very damaging to the community , '' d.a . .  tells reporters .  a judge orders two fullerton police officers to stand trial on all charges .  kelly thomas , 37 , who was homeless , was beaten last year in fullerton , california .  officer manuel ramos and cpl . .  jay patrick cicinelli are charged in the deat .
 north korea shows off south korean man it 's holding on spy charges <sec> a south korean man is presented to foreign journalists in pyongyang .  he says he is a missionary and carried out `` anti-state '' activities for south korean intelligence .  the south 's intelligence agency says it has nothing to do with the case .  south korea calls for the man to be released `` as soon as possible .
 artists use email scams to scoop prize <sec> abraaj capital art prize specifically for middle eastern , north african and south asian artists , say organizers .  winners announced based on proposals and the completed works unveiled five months later .  art works all have historic theme and include a video installation , quilts , vases , etchings and mor .
 12-year-old fights friend 's cancer on the streets <sec> abby miller sings , plays guitar to help 4-year-old friend with cancer .  abby collects donations , has people write notes of support for taylor love .  taylor has neuroblastoma , a cancer that affects the nervous syste .
 the doors plan tribute concert for ray manzarek <sec> doors ' keyboardist manzarek died at age 74 in may following a battle with bile duct cancer .  guitarist robby krieger says he 's been in touch with drummer john densmore since then .  krieger : `` not sure when or where it will be , but we 'll definitely do it '' .  the fourth member of the original band , jim morrison , died in 197 .
 liberian medical officer in ebola quarantine <sec> liberia 's chief medical official is in a quarantine , after her assistant died of ebola .  health ministry closed for a day to decontaminate from ebola .  a u.s. doctor who was exposed to ebola in sierra leone will go to an nih clinic .  at least 6,553 cases of ebola are reported in west africa , who sai .
 opinion : pro marathoner : i 'll run boston again <sec> sheri piers , a pro runner , ran the boston marathon on monday for her eighth time .  piers says we ca n't let this tragedy taint the marathon or let whoever did it win .  piers feels no sense of accomplishment ; she says most runners want to forget race .  piers will run the boston race again but will always remember what happene .
 jury weighs if new orleans cops wrongly shot men after katrina <sec> the defense asks jury to consider stressful post-katrina circumstances .  prosecutors calls the officers ' actions `` murder , pure and simple '' .  the shootings took place on danziger bridge in september 2005 .  there were no convictions after local prosecutors initially filed charge .
 opinion : for women over 50 , bikinis , botox and bling ? <sec> michelle obama , turning 50 , was pictured on cover of people magazine .  costello : would barack obama be asked about plastic surgery and exercise routine at 50 ? .  she says some women fight to be taken seriously at 20 and not to be at 50 .  costello : first lady is right that women should have freedom to feel good about themselve .
 indonesian court sentences key militant <sec> indonesian court sentences abu dujana to 15 years in prison .  dujana is the alleged leader of the military wing of jemaah islamiyah .  dujana is accused of direct involvement in the bali nightclub bombings of 2002 .  after his arrest last june , dujana admitted he was jemaah islamiyah 's military chie .
 how fashion is saving italy 's monuments <sec> tod 's , fendi and diesel all pledge big bucks to restore italy 's top tourist spots .  restoration is marketing strategy for luxury brands .  locals welcome fashion brands ' inpu .
 attorney accused of trying to launder $ 600 million for drug cartel <sec> delgado was arrested at a texas restaurant .  he faces 20 years in prison if he is convicted .  he had set up a scholarship for latino student .
 report : jaguar land rover to receive tata cash boost <sec> tata bought the british-based luxury car maker earlier this year .  uk government also pondering a public-funded bailout of the company .  jlr employs around 15,000 workers in britai .
 review : 'the raven ' is a feeble fictional story <sec> john cusack plays edgar allan poe in `` the raven '' .  peter travers : cusack , who plays poe with just the right blend of romantic longing and tortuous doubt .  travers : cusack captures that desperation vividly enoug .
 twitter promotes hashtag pages with first-ever tv ad <sec> twitter ran its first-ever tv spot on sunday during the 2012 pocono 400 nascar race .  the clip features nascar racer brad keselowski in his car taking a picture of the scene .  twitter plugged the nascar hashtag at the end of the tv spot with twitter.com/ # nasca .
 oklahoma cases solved : dna tests show foss lake remains are 6 missing people <sec> human remains found in 2013 were tested for dna .  test results show they are six people who went missing in 1969 and 1970 .  some of the remains belong to three teens who were last seen in a 1969 camaro .  the others are two men and a woman found in a 1952 chevrole .
 ban swearing ? no way <sec> john mcwhorter : a town 's recent ban on public swearing is a hopeless cause .  mcwhorter asks : where do you draw the line ? .  is hell a swear word ? .  how do police enforce it ? .  profanity is part of the cultural discourse ; even mild-mannered people curse , he says .  mcwhorter : we need to rethink what is considered profanity in 2012 and just accept realit .
 2 killed in collision with trace adkins ' tour bus <sec> two people in pickup truck died saturday in collision with trace adkins ' tour bus .  adkins was not on bus during crash .  adkins performed at concert saturday , but he will sit out tour stop on sunda .
 tornado survivor downed shot , 'then i heard this noise ' <sec> new : tennessee man describes diving to the floor as his house blows away .  the tornado death toll in the south stands at 56 .  tornado outbreak was deadliest in the u.s. in more than 20 years .  deaths include 32 in tennessee , 13 in arkansas , seven in kentucky , four in alabam .
 mine kafon : low-tech , high-design tumbleweed minesweeper <sec> mine kafon is a cheap , light , wind-powered mine detonating device .  created by an afghan designer who was inspired by toys he modeled as a child .  industry expert says concept is laudable , but does not currently meet safety standard .
 meteorite makes big crater in nicaragua <sec> nasa blogger : the lack of fireball reports suggests a meteorite was not the cause .  the nicaraguan government says a meteorite crashed in woods near the capital .  the crater is 39 feet ( 12 meters ) across .  the hunt is on for the remains of a meteorit .
 top-ranked rafael nadal and serena williams drafted in iptl league <sec> international premier tennis league ( iptl ) holds first draft .  rafael nadal , novak djokovic and serena williams to take part .  four teams based in cities in asia .  roger federer a notable absentee for nov 27-dec 14 even .
 vuvuzela banned from uefa competitions <sec> uefa have banned the vuvuzela from matches in any of their competitions .  ban includes champions league and europa league matches , and euro 2012 qualifiers .  uefa believe the horn is integral to football culture in south afric .
 ferry bomb terror suspect held in manila <sec> alleged terrorist leader accused of plotting superferry bombing held in manila .  ruben pestano lavilla jr. , arrested in bahrain , arrived in philippines saturday .  lavilla allegedly belongs to group claiming affiliation to al qaeda-linked network .  authorities believe lavilla plotted 2004 superferry bombing in which 116 die .
 friends remember victim of florida theater shooting <sec> new : a memorial service for chad oulson is scheduled for saturday .  new : he rode dirt bikes , loved boating , and was a devoted family man .  new : oulson served in the navy during operation desert storm .  he was with his wife when he was fatally shot at a movie theater monda .
 davos : all you need to know to be a delegate <sec> world economic forum is strictly by invitation only , with 2,600 participants .  average cost to a business to send each delegate is a whopping $ 20,000 .  getting to davos and then finding accomodation also hits the pocket hard .  wealthier delegates can take a helicopter from zurich to davos for about $ 10,00 .
 pistorius siblings speak out on eve of sentencing <sec> oscar pistorius is set to be sentenced on tuesday .  cnn spoke with his brother and sister .  whatever the sentence , their lives have changed permanently , they sai .
 obama needs to lay out a plan on climate crisis <sec> van jones : president obama should lay out a plan on climate crisis in his sotu speech .  jones : obama should push for a bilateral agreement with china to reduce carbon pollution .  he says the administration should support the epa to set stronger air pollution standards .  jones : this president 's legacy will be measured by his record on climat .
 q & a ; : north korea finally conducts nuclear test , what now ? <sec> test a `` step forward '' in north korea 's nuclear ambitions , says chinoy .  u.s. likely to push for tougher sanctions , he says .  china 's reaction to nuclear test will be key .  timing linked to power transitions in the region and propaganda valu .
 france will not extradite former rwandan leader 's widow <sec> rwanda 's former first lady is `` relieved '' and `` very satisfied , '' her lawyer says .  `` this is a very delicate case , '' her lawyer says .  agathe habyarimana still faces a civil sui .
 opinion : dianne feinstein is no bomb thrower <sec> sen. feinstein accuses cia of covertly removing documents from her staff 's computers .  bergen : feinstein longtime cia supporter , so her statements are n't easily dismissed .  her staff 's report disputes cia claims that coercive interrogations yielded useful info .  bergen : white house should step up and get summary of 6,000-page report release .
 togo star adebayor switches from manchester city to epl rivals tottenham <sec> emmanuel adebayor transfers from manchester city to tottenham hotspur .  togo star played for tottenham on loan last season .  alexander buttner moves to manchester united from vitesse arnhem .  defender sebastien bassong leaves tottenham for norwic .
 report : syrian forces kill american , british citizen <sec> new : the uk foreign office says it 's aware of the claims .  a family member of the woman says the fbi confirmed she died in syria .  the report also showed what it said was a michigan driver 's license and passport .  it claimed it belonged to a dead american woman fighting with the rebel .
 israel okays east jerusalem settlement just before kerry 's peace visit <sec> new : palestinian chief negotiator calls international community to stop settlements .  israeli planning committee approves 69 homes for an east jerusalem settlement .  secretary of state john kerry is to visit jerusalem this week to renew peace talks .  settlement approval is `` provocation ... a foolish move , '' jerusalem councilman say .
 keys to boston attack could lie in restive region of russia <sec> u.s. and russian authorities interview tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev 's parents .  the two brothers are accused of staging deadly boston marathon bombings .  the parents live in dagestan , a part of russia where tamerlan visited .  tamerlan posted videos linked to jihadist militants after going to the region in 201 .
 miley cyrus breaks her silence about vma performance <sec> miley cyrus speaks out on her controversial performance .  she said it 's to be expected at the mtv video music awards .  cyrus said the public is thinking about it more than she di .
 pope calls church sex abuse scandal a 'deep shame ' <sec> new : pope tells bishops abuse of children was `` gravely immoral behavior '' .  pope , president discuss middle east , latin america , says white house .  six-day , two-city visit to u.s. marks pope benedict xvi 's first as pope .  pope will celebrate mass at stadium thursday , travel to new york on frida .
 desert deaths mystery : five questions about the mcstay case <sec> the bodies of the mcstay family were found in the desert last year .  the family was last seen alive in february 2010 .  detectives have not named any suspect .
 lawyer : family of trayvon martin to pursue civil case <sec> new : the case would be against a homeowner 's association , says attorney daryl parks .  new : demonstrations are held in washington , d.c. , virginia and florida .  zimmerman 's lawyer and former gov . .  jeb bush say `` stand your ground '' does n't apply in this case .  police say evidence and testimony on the night prohibited an arres .
 commentary : good schools are n't only for rich kids <sec> steve perry : a parent asked why only rich kids get good schools .  he says question started process of building a quality school .  perry says his team fought bureaucracy , union to try something new .  he says his school is highly rated and sends all graduates to colleg .
 racial violence spurred asian students to take a stand <sec> last december , as many as 30 asian students were attacked at south philly high .  asian students boycotted the school to protest what they felt was a lack of response .  the justice department has instructed the school to better protect asian students .  new principal otis hackney says security is his `` no . .  1 priority .
 battlegrounds : colorado is 'ground zero ' of presidential election <sec> democratic strategist : `` we are , i believe , at ground zero in the presidential election '' .  president barack obama will need the support of latinos and suburban women to win colorado .  gop challenger mitt romney will need support from the state 's white evangelicals to win it .  bill clinton won colorado in 1992 , but lost it in 1996 . .  george w. bush carried it twice ; obama won it in 200 .
 obama : 'this is your victory ' <sec> new : sen. barack obama to voters : `` change has come to america '' .  new : sen. john mccain congratulates sen. barack obama .  obama will be working with heavily democratic congress .  he will be inaugurated on january 20 , 200 .
 five stories you might have missed as the debt ceiling loomed <sec> in washington wednesday , the u.s. lifted its debt ceiling and reopened government .  in asia , the death toll from a quake rose , a typhoon struck and a passenger plane crashed .  in syria , the fighting and deaths continued on the second day of the eid al-adha holiday .  in europe , representatives from iran and the p5+1 met to discuss its nuclear progra .
 opinion : three questions for obama on syria <sec> julian zelizer : president obama must answer basic questions to sell syria move to the public .  war-weary americans want to know why u.s. should intervene , he says .  zelizer : obama needs to explain reliability of intelligence , outline the aims of the missio .
 document says iranians crossed border to arrest hikers <sec> three american hikers were arrested in july 2009 .  military document says iranians crossed into iraq to detain them .  state department says americans have done nothing wrong .  drone aircraft was deployed to look for hikers , document say .
 melissa rycroft marries her own bachelor <sec> `` the bachelor '' contestant got engaged four months after being jilted on national television .  rycroft married insurance agent tye strickland in mexico on saturday .  rycroft and strickland earlier ended their relationship when she left for `` the bachelor .
 criticism of catholic church is unfair <sec> bill donohue says church treated sex abuse as internal matter , as did other leaders .  he says critics are unfairly implying church acted differently in failing to disclose such cases .  he says other faiths , professions have had similar problems but less publicit .
 despite election , u.s. troops in afghanistan for long haul <sec> new : president obama says u.s. goal remains defeating al qaeda , its allies .  u.s. policy to stay course in afghanistan no matter who wins voting , experts say .  pentagon boosting troops in country , where u.s. is spending $ 4 billion a month .  some want u.s. to keep nation stable ; others say terrorists will just find other haven .
 university of oklahoma shooting scare was false alarm , president says <sec> new : university president calls incident `` a false alarm '' .  machinery backfire may be behind incident , student paper reports .  normal campus operations resume except at gould hall .  earlier , students were told to take shelte .
 world trade center nears landmark height , reaches 100 floors <sec> the one world trade center building is now 100 stories tall , reaching just over 1,244 feet .  it is just 6 feet shy of the empire state building .  building will hit 1776 feet by way of a mast fixed to its peak , making it the nation 's tallest .  the willis tower , formerly the sears tower , is the country 's current record holde .
 buying an ipad 2 : what you need to know <sec> apple 's ipad 2 will become available for purchase on march 11 online and in stores .  with ipad 2 , apple is eschewing the pre-order game .  there are eighteen different ipad 2 units with varying gb size .
