 installation of subway platform doors in nyc would face challenges <sec> `` it 's hard to incorporate into the system now , '' says mta 's thomas prendergast .  `` there are technological issues we need to overcome , '' says prendergast .  the discussion comes in the wake of two deaths where people were pushed onto the track .
 miami-area lightning strike kills 1 , injures 2 <sec> the lightning hit as the men washed a tractor trailer .  lightning strikes caused 28 deaths in the u.s. last year .  `` it happens a lot more than people realize , '' dr. gupta say .
 tyler clementi 's family decides not to sue <sec> joseph and jane clementi had filed court documents reserving the right to sue .  dharun ravi has been convicted of bias intimidation , invasion of privacy and witness tampering .  attorney : the family wants `` to use the publicity for positive purposes .
 answers to quiz : are you a genius ? <sec> see the answers to an informal quiz designed by mensa .  if you get 9 of the 10 questions right , you may be mensa material .  click here for the question .
 helping disabled veterans rebuild their lives <sec> many disabled u.s. veterans do n't have a family to help support them .  michael conklin is trying to fill the gap and help these men and women feel self-sufficient .  his scholarship program provides housing , education and whatever else is neede .
 clashes in bahrain ahead of vettel 's f1 victory <sec> new : clashes between police and protesters were limited amid a heavy police presence .  sebastian vettel wins the bahrain grand prix on the kingdom 's sakhir track .  tensions in bahrain remain high following a quashed uprising in 2011 .  bahrain authorities say security forces only respond to targeted violenc .
 russians accused of 'bombing ' georgia as violence escalates <sec> new : georgia said russian aircraft violated its airspace dropping 2 bombs on kareli .  new : georgia 's president : `` a full-scale aggression has been launched '' .  georgia launched military offensive to regain control of south ossetia .  russian pm warned it will cause an unspecified retaliatory actio .
 sharapova and serena williams reach olympic semifinals <sec> maria sharapova to play fellow russian maria kirilenko in semifinals at olympics .  sharapova beats kim clijsters while her compatriot upsets sixth seed petra kvitova .  the other semifinal will be between world no . .  1 victoria azarenka and serena williams .  williams and kirilenko both also made it through to the women 's doubles semifinal .
 iphone 4s carrier study : at & t ; wins for data speed , verizon for call reliability <sec> a new study compares at & t , verizon and sprint for iphone 4s service .  verizon dropped calls the least at 2.1 % ; sprint dropped the most at 3.7 % .  at & t led the pack in maximum data speeds , with verizon a distant second .  phone was able to complete data tasks on all three networks 100 % of the tim .
 former sen. dole 's rehab inspires troops <sec> dole is recovering from knee surgery at walter reed army medical center .  troops say dole inspires them daily with kindness , humor .  world war ii injury in 1945 left dole 's right arm paralyze .
 gym mat death shocker : body stuffed with newspaper <sec> autopsy shock : teen 's organs removed , cavity filled with newspaper .  `` we thought we were burying kendrick , not half of kendrick , '' father says .  kendrick johnson was found dead in a rolled-up gym mat in january .  his death was ruled accidental ; a private autopsy challenged that findin .
 pastor hosts 'civil ' presidential forum <sec> those who think they can predict the evangelical vote may be surprised , rick warren says .  pastor plans to ask candidates about america 's role internationally .  warren : forum wo n't just focus on `` moral issues , '' but try to find a middle ground .  tough questions will be asked , but in a civil way , pastor say .
 backstreet boys : we never said we were cool <sec> backstreet boys are celebrating their 20th anniversary .  they are the best-selling boy band of all time .  their new album is in stores now , and a tour starts toda .
 tsonga makes olympic tennis history after marathon match <sec> jo-wilfried tsonga wins longest match in olympic history , breaking two records .  andy murray is the lone brit remaining in singles as two uk women lose .  novak djokovic and david ferrrer also progress into last 16 of men 's competition .  no . .  1 victoria azarenka , maria sharapova and venus williams progress in women 's even .
 actor michael j . fox opens up to larry king <sec> fox gratified obama lifted ban on federal money for embryonic stem cell research .  he says the research does n't guarantee a cure , but it ca n't hurt .  fox has some bad days , but he tries to separate the physical from the emotiona .
 open skies explained <sec> biggest challenge to heathrow incumbents will come from skyteam alliance .  new flights start this year from air france , continental , delta and northwest .  ba will launch services between continental europe and new york in jun .
 plane lifted from hudson ; final 2 bodies recovered <sec> new : bodies of 8th and 9th victims recovered from plane wreckage .  single-engine plane , tour helicopter collided saturday over hudson river .  divers attached chains , straps to lift submerged wreckage of plane .  helicopter 's wreckage was pulled from the river sunda .
 georgia foils mutiny at military base ahead of training activities <sec> new : georgian authorities release recording of man saying `` russia will come '' .  russia denies involvement , accuses tbilisi of `` yet another anti-russian prank '' .  authorities believe mutiny intended to disrupt nato exercises this week in georgia .  russia says it disagrees with nato plans to conduct exercise .
 convicted killer of american teacher sentenced to death <sec> one man convicted in the murder receives a death sentence .  leggett did humanitarian work and taught computer science .  al-qaeda in the islamic maghreb ( aqim ) claimed responsibility for the killin .
 29 convicts executed in iran <sec> twenty-nine convicts were hanged , according to iranian state tv .  convicts were found guilty of murder , rape , armed robbery and other charges .  judiciary said hangings should serve as warning to those contemplating crime .
 u.s. in first effort to clean up agent orange in vietnam <sec> areas of vietnam remain contaminated by the herbicide agent orange .  the u.s. military used the toxic chemical during the vietnam war .  it can cause cancer , birth defects and other health problems .  the u.s. government is working on a cleanup project in vietnam for the first tim .
 sudan expels french medical aid group <sec> sudan expels french medical aid agency .  government accuses medicins du monde of aiding rebels , making false rape allegation .
 'a ship flying in space : ' earth seen through the eyes of an astronaut <sec> italian astronaut captures amazing images of earth from international space station .  paolo nespoli used twitter to send images back to earth during a six-month mission which ended in 2011 .  the iss orbits 400 kilometers above earth traveling at a speed of 20,000 kilometers-per-hour .  april 22 marks the 42nd earth day with events being held all over the worl .
 donald sterling 's wife , shelly : we 're just business partners <sec> shelly sterling : i am estranged from my husband , and we 're just business partners .  she says she did n't help write news release for clippers after scandal broke .  los angeles times reports on the contents of an nba document on donald sterling .  times : league suggests team president got a copy of recording before it was release .
 4 saudi female drivers ' detention varied by their locations <sec> two pairs of saudi female drivers detained : one in jeddah , the other in riyadh .  the women in jeddah say the police were kind and detention lasted two hours .  the women in riyadh say the police were harsh and and detention lasted 10 hours .  a campaign to change the kingdom 's driving ban for women continue .
 kewell strike puts out asian cup holders iraq ; south korea beat iran <sec> south korea score in extra-time to beat iran 1-0 in asian cup quarterfinals .  harry kewell scores only goal of the game as australia knock out 2007 champions iraq .  kewell heads home winner with three minutes left of extra time in doha .  australia to face uzbekistan in semifinals ; south korea to meet japa .
 jenni rivera is mourned , but still inspires <sec> sen. marco rubio calls rivera `` a real american success story '' .  not only for her music but for her strong , resilient attitude when faced with adversity .  jenni rivera was also a woman of many firsts and a businesswoman .  made breaking into the male-dominated music genre look easy with her perseveranc .
 commentary : stop the negative campaigning <sec> campbell brown says the presidential campaign has been getting ugly .  candidates once promised to take the high road , she says .  voters would rather hear how candidates would solve economic ills , she say .
 nancy pelosi : no gop wave , sees 2014 'ebb tide ' <sec> nancy pelosi dismisses claims that the midterms reflected a wave election for the gop .  she says she 's needed now more than ever and indicates no plan to step dow .
 israeli police officer killed , 13 hurt in driver 's rampage in jerusalem <sec> police identify the driver as member of hamas .  police say they shot and killed the driver .  the incident was a `` terrorist attack , '' police spokesman says .  after hitting pedestrians and cars , driver got out and attacked people with an iron ba .
 pakistan 's parliament condemns u.s. raid , threatens sanctions <sec> new : u.s. wants a `` real ally '' in pakistan , sen. kerry says .  the pakistani parliament threatens to cut off access to a facility used by nato forces .  a joint session of parliament adopts the resolution .  the resolution demands an immediate stop to drone strikes .  it also demands an end to raids by u.s. troops within pakistan 's border .
 south korean prime minister offers to resign <sec> south korea 's prime minister offers to resign .  president lee myung-bak declines to accept his offer .  president 's grand national party has taken a beating in the poll .
 1 polio worker killed , 1 wounded in pakistan shooting <sec> pakistan is one of three countries in the world where polio has yet to be eradicated . .  the taliban announced a ban on polio vaccinations in june .  pakistanis have viewed polio vaccination campaigns with suspicio .
 morocco barred from africa cup of nations <sec> morocco disqualified from africa cup of nations for refusal to host january 's finals .  caf said an announcement on the new host will come 'shortly ' .  tournament is set to start in less than 10 weeks ' time .  african football body says sanctions against morocco will be applied in due cours .
 remains of famous australian outlaw identified <sec> ned kelly is considered by many in australia to be a folk hero .  others have called him a cold-blooded killer .  his remains have been positively identified ; most of the skull is missin .
 soldier killed when insurgents hit afghan security agency office in kabul <sec> new : slain soldier was from security directorate ; 30 other people reported wounded .  police say they killed five insurgents and a sixth died in a bombing .  one car bomb exploded and another was neutralized , police say .  taliban claim responsibility , say government officials and foreigners were targete .
 pentagon survivor : 'a lot of good people died ' <sec> retired col. john leech narrowly escaped death on september 11 , 2001 .  pentagon survivor recalls shock , terror of that terrible morning .  fleeing for safety , he saw a little girl 's red comb untouched near a tattered suitcase .  watch 9/11 memorials in new york and washington on cnn.com liv .
 washington redskins fumble on twitter <sec> team 's twitter appeal to fans appears to backfire , say proponents of name change .  one person tweets : `` this team has zero self-awareness '' .  another tweets : `` lifelong 'skins fan and i strongly believe it is time to change the name '' .  team president bruce allen : name began as native american expression of solidarit .
 uncertainty after north korea announces execution of leader 's uncle <sec> north korea seems `` not as stable as we thought , '' one analyst says .  some observers warn a provocative move like a missile or nuclear test could follow .  jang song thaek was married to kim 's aunt , was vice chairman of the top military body .  north korea state media say jang was convicted and execute .
 bernieecclestone walks free after $ 100m settlement <sec> german court orders bernie ecclestone to pay $ 100 million .  sum is a settlement to end f1 supremo 's trial on bribery charges .  ecclestone has been given a week to pay the fine .  the 83-year-old had been facing up to 10 years in jail if found guiltu .
 feds : couple refused to sell home to black radio personality , wife <sec> chicago couple accused of refusing to sign sales contract .  george willborn and wife offered $ 1.7 million .  agent says seller told him he would prefer not to sell to african-american .
 10 surprising books for holiday reading <sec> instead of reading the standby holiday books , try 10 great nontraditional books .  `` p.s . .  your cat is dead '' is by james kirkwood , the man behind `` a chorus line '' .  find out the truth in `` santa claus : a biography '' by gerry bowler .  enjoy a southern gothic tale with flannery o'connor 's `` wise blood .
 opinion : why geneva accord on ukraine is tactical victory for russia <sec> the declaration is set to be an important tactical victory for russia , writes forbrig .  the ink on the accord had barely dried when signatory parties offered differing interpretations , he says .  forbrig : the agreement has expanded russia 's room for maneuver rather than limiting it .  moscow may have made a giant leap towards expansion , he write .
 priest tried to warn of cambodia 's insanity <sec> francois ponchaud was sent to do missionary work in cambodia in 1965 .  a priest , he became a crusader against the worst genocide since the holocaust .  ponchaud kept a dossier of refugee accounts and radio transmissions .  his articles and book helped expose the khmer rouge 's brutal totalitarian regim .
 nypd defends nyc mayor following allegations of traffic law violations <sec> on tuesday , nyc mayor bill de blasio announced a plan to make streets safer .  on thursday , a new york tv station shot video of a trip by the mayor .  the video showed his two-car caravan apparently speeding and violating other traffic laws .  the nypd says tactics are sometimes used when transporting any `` protectee .
 in election year , halloween gets political <sec> many americans using halloween to express their political views .  pumpkin portraits of presidential and vice-presidential candidates abound .  elaborate displays include a political web and a giant corn maze to get out the vote .  ireport.com : are you displaying your political affiliation this halloween .
 veterans : va , defense dept . neglect women ( opinion ) <sec> a quarter-million u.s. women served in iraq , afghanistan and are returning to civilian life .  garry augustine : they served in combat like men , but get less support than men do .  he says female vets go without health care , many are jobless , many are homeless .  augustine : va and dod need to strengthen services for women , improve child care option .
 arabian dreams : abu dhabi celebrates city 's title triumph <sec> manchester city 's title win celebrated in abu dhabi , home of the club 's owners .  club was brought out by member of abu dhabi royal family in september 2008 .  sheikh mansour has spent estimated $ 600 million on players alone since then .  qatar and dubai also making their presence felt in european footbal .
 quest : i hate public speaking . but i must face my fears <sec> cnn 's richard quest hates public speaking , despite three decades in broadcasting .  he decided to face his fear through a rada course on public speaking .  after so many years broadcasting quest was skeptical he could learn much .  quest was tactfully told he was too `` full on '' and `` less is more '' -- and he listene .
 commentary : why we watch the games <sec> bob greene : what explains why americans watch sports so intently ? .  he says professional athletes depress us with steroid and scandal stories .  greene : we watch for the greatness the greatest athletes can achieve .  he says it reflects the top-flight effort everyone can strive to contribut .
 report : companies involved in gulf spill did n't focus on major accident risks <sec> report : bp , transocean , regulators focused too heavily on personal injury issues .  past investigations saw companies `` virtually overlooking looming process safety issues '' .  11 people died and 5 million barrels of oil spilled in the 2010 gulf of mexico disaster .  report : interior department needs to a better job of reporting major accident risk .
 ex-uk pm brown supports malala 's call for girls ' education in pakistan <sec> ex-uk prime minister gordon brown delivers girls ' education petition islamabad .  brown : the march for the right to girls ' education can not be stopped .  u.n. : pakistan spends seven times more on military than on primary educatio .
 karzai urges delay of u.s. , afghanistan security pact <sec> the afghan president says the pact should not be signed until after april elections .  his comments are at odds with what u.s. officials want .  `` my trust with america is not good . .  i do n't trust them , and they do n't trust me , '' karzai say .
 40 die in attacks in pakistani city on religious holidays <sec> new : police tighten security after violence thursday and friday .  militants sprayed bullets at cars before friday prayers on eid , killing 10 people .  the attack was followed by intense return fire that lasted for half an hour .  a bomb at a funeral thursday killed 30 peopl .
 u.s. asks ecuador to reject any asylum request from edward snowden - cnnpolitics.com <sec> ecuadorian consul in london will face sanctions for giving travel papers to snowden .  vp joe biden asks ecuador `` to please reject '' any asylum request from edward snowden .  but snowden has n't made any asylum request , ecuador president rafael correa says .  `` we have to act very carefully but with courage , '' correa say .
 recent history of cricket and terrorism <sec> sri lankan team agreed to replace india in pakistan after mumbai attacks .  international teams have long expressed concern about security in pakistan .  australian team pulled out of tour of pakistan last year after suicide bombings .  icc currently investigating other venues for postponed champions troph .
 auburn fans go bonkers , alabama fans not so much after iron bowl <sec> auburn-alabama came down to a last-second field goal , usually a hit-or-miss situation .  auburn 's chris davis caught missed field goal , returned it 109 yards for iron bowl win .  teams have won last 4 national championships , could possibly play for this year ' .
 bomb threat closes parts of amsterdam airport <sec> new : a suspect has been arrested , police say .  parts of amsterdam airport closed to investigate bomb threat .  flight delays are likely , the airport press office say .
 3 plead guilty in scheme to defraud holocaust reparations fund <sec> three admit to conspiring to defraud holocaust reparations group .  defendants handled false applications in scheme that cost organization $ 57.3 million .  the conference on jewish material claims against germany aids holocaust victim .
 more 'frozen ' on the way in 2015 <sec> disney plans to release a new `` frozen '' animated short .  called `` frozen fever , '' it 'll reunite the central characters and the creative team .  the short is slated to arrive in the sprin .
 charles taylor : war crimes conviction , 50-year sentence upheld <sec> new : amnesty international welcomes ruling , says it shows that no one is above the law .  court in the hague upholds charles taylor 's conviction and 50-year sentence .  he was president of liberia from 1997 until 2003 , when he fled under pressure .  he was convicted of supplying , encouraging rebels in sierra leone in a campaign of terro .
 nicklaus - woods will play in masters <sec> jack nicklaus believes tiger woods will return to golf in time to appear in the masters .  woods is still four wins short of nicklaus ' record of 18 major victories .  caddie steve williams has spoken of woods ' troubles on new zealand t .
 zumba instructor sentenced for prostitution <sec> 29-year-old zumba instructor was sentenced to 10 months in jail friday .  alexis wright pleaded guilty to a total of 20 misdemeanor charges .  charges ranged from theft to engaging in prostitutio .
 i 'm always their girl before the girl <sec> author 's ex-boyfriend meets someone else before she can get over him .  she lost brian to his ex-girlfriend and her friend ken to another girl .  author : maybe it 's a self-fulfilling prophecy .  `` i choose the chance of being the girl before the girlfriend , '' she say .
