 getting to the paralympics : raising an athlete with disabilities <sec> when caitlin sarubbi was born , doctors did n't know if she 'd live through the night .  caitlin was born with ablepharon macrostomia syndrome , a rare genetic disorder .  caitlin became a top visually impaired skier and made it to the 2010 winter paralympics in vancouver .  a harvard undergrad , she 's focusing on raising awareness of people with disabilitie .
 professor of networking on the power of schmoozing <sec> julia hobsbawm is professor of networking at the uk 's cass business school .  she argues that networking distinguishes highly skilled workers from average ones . .  'deep connections ' require face-to-face meetings , she says .  hobsbawm says networking is an emerging academic disciplin .
 iraq 's anbar province : send u.s. troops to stop isis <sec> u.s. defense secretary chuck hagel : iraqi forces are in `` full control '' of baghdad .  there 's been `` some progress '' driving back isis from syria 's kobani , hagel adds .  officials : `` very bad '' now in anbar province near baghdad , call for u.s. military 's help .  u.s. official : u.s. has n't gotten a request for ground troops , would n't grant it anywa .
 u.n. report accuses rwanda of massacre in congo <sec> new : rwanda slams the report as unfair and immoral .  it says hutu civilians were slashed , bludgeoned and burned alive .  the majority of the victims were children , women and elderly people , it say .
 lottery winners -- all accounted for -- ready to give away $ 1m <sec> the three winners did n't represent a secretive client , a spokesman says in a statement .  winners set up a trust fund mainly to benefit veterans causes , spokesman says .  $ 1 million will be distributed to selected groups in the next 10 days , says gary lewi .  the $ 254 million powerball jackpot was the largest ever to be won in connecticu .
 new look at amc 's 'better call saul ' <sec> `` breaking bad '' spinoff `` better call saul '' gets a full-length trailer .  amc also announces the final premiere date for `` mad men .
 anderson cooper free dives with great white sharks in south africa <sec> anderson cooper went free diving with great white sharks in south africa .  before entering bloody water , guide advised cooper to `` project confidence '' .  cooper : shark dive was `` among the most remarkable experiences of my life .
 brazil 's president hosts dinner to defend world cup preps <sec> brazil 's president defends world cup construction projects .  she says most of money earmarked for construction is for country 's infrastructure .  president dilma rousseff hosted a dinner for journalists , shared personal stories .  she is running for a second term in octobe .
 army barracks set for repair after nationwide inspection <sec> some barracks have `` mold and moisture-related problems , '' army spokesman says .  $ 250 million was redirected from other funds for repairs , army officials say .  45 barracks `` were found to need immediate attention , '' statement says .  inspection prompted by video posted by soldier 's father showing sewage back u .
 heidi klum , piers morgan among web 's 'most dangerous ' celebrities <sec> model , reality host heidi klum top 's mcafee 's list of web 's most dangerous celebrities .  list notes which celebrities ' names are most likely to yield links to malicious sites .  klum replaced cameron diaz at top of list , while cnn 's piers morgan finished no . .  3 .  mcafee says athletes and singers are safer searches than other celebritie .
 isis pushed back with help of u.s. airstrikes in kobani <sec> u.s. jets are increasing bombing of kobani due to heavier isis presence .  pentagon says that does n't mean u.s. strategy is shifting on the city 's value .  14 u.s. airstrikes on isis positions in kobani help kurdish fighters turn the tide , activist says .  isis gaining ground in iraq 's anbar province , local official say .
 opinion : how wwi gave us drones <sec> priya satia : unleashing of air power in world war i resonates in drone use today .  remote killing , surveillance used throughout war theater , but mostly by british in middle east .  air power gave british access to remote lands ; they 'd later use it for colonial policing .  satia : today 's drones are a new chapter in west 's efforts to dominate middle eas .
 hopes rise for iran nuclear deal soon amid 'intense ' talks <sec> iranian negotiator says `` decisions ( are needed ) at higher levels '' .  russian and chinese foreign ministers are n't expected until saturday .  top western diplomats rushed to geneva earlier friday amid rising hopes for deal .  `` some important gaps '' remain , secretary of state john kerry say .
 how is the nobel peace prize winner decided ? <sec> alfred nobel determined who would decide winners in his will establishing prizes .  peace prize decided by five-person committee elected by norwegian parliament .  committee invites nominees from hundreds of qualified nominators .  nominees are then shortlisted and winner is decided by majority vot .
 west virginia chemical spill shines spotlight on loose regulation <sec> state inspectors visited the site in 2012 , 2010 and 1991 , officials say .  the plant had the only permit required -- an industrial storm water permit .  west virginia 's governor says he 's now considering increasing regulatio .
 bombs target shiite neighborhoods , claim 21lives in iraq <sec> at least 125 others are wounded in six car bombings and three roadside bombs .  police : the blasts mainly targeted shiite neighborhoods .  overall violence in iraq has dropped in recent years .  but recent violence spurs fears of renewed sectarian warfar .
 6 tips to stay safe crossing the street <sec> dot report : almost half of pedestrian accidents involve someone who was drunk .  nighttime , weekends more dangerous , as is crossing street in cities , report says .  florida , south carolina , arizona have highest pedestrian fatality rates among states , it say .
 denver-area students : school board censors u.s. history <sec> hundreds of students staged a walkout of schools in the denver area .  at issue is a school board proposal to review the u.s. history curriculum .  students say the school board wants to avoid the negative aspects of u.s. history .  the school board president says the goal is community involvement in curriculu .
 new 'call of duty ' game , social network to debut this year <sec> activision blizzard plans to release a new `` call of duty '' game this year .  it will include a new social-network platform that 's been in the works for two years .  `` call of duty '' is one of activision 's two `` significant investments .
 one year of pope francis : a priest reflects <sec> father joel camaya was in st. peter 's square when pope francis was elected last year .  he remembers hearing a young priest exclaim , `` this is revolutionary ! '' .  camaya reflects on francis ' first year , hopes pope will lead `` a revitalization of the church '' .  have a personal essay to share with the world ? .  submit at cnn irepor .
 severely beaten baseball fan now able to speak <sec> bryan stow , 42 , was severely beaten outside dodger stadium on march 31 .  he recently was able to speak for the first time since incident .  his family members say they are `` blown away '' by stow 's improvemen .
 rain stays bright in the spotlight <sec> korean pop culture sensation will be on talk asia later this month .  27-year-old has gone from backup dancer to appearing in hollywood films .  rain will be appearing with answers to your question .
 opinion : from traffic stop to colonoscopy <sec> new mexico man sues , alleges traffic stop led to anal cavity search by police .  danny cevallos says police have the right to search body if they have a warrant .  lawsuit says police concluded man was hiding drugs by his posture and by speculation .  cevallos : police need probable cause to get a warrant and typically have immunity from suit .
 south american leaders support morales <sec> new : bolivian president to return home to approve negotiations with provinces .  south american nation have met to discuss violence in bolivia .  at least 30 people killed during past week of protests .  violence is centered in the eastern province of pand .
 from p.s . 176x , kids with autism get joyful launch <sec> p.s . .  176x could be world 's largest largest school for kids with autism .  560 students range in age from 3 to 21 .  size allows an extraordinary range of services : chorus , band , arts , job internships .  best way to educate growing , diverse population of kids with autism is debate topi .
 how to harvest solar power ? beam it down from space ! <sec> concept to beam solar power from satellites gains new global momentum .  massive satellites would beam solar energy back to ground-based receivers .  pentagon study says could be used for military operations , developing nation .
 how islamists are gaining ground in syria <sec> hard-line islamist groups like the nusra front are becoming more popular in syria .  they 're fighting the syrian regime while providing social services for syrian civilians .  some attribute their rise to western indifference and a free syrian army that 's lacking .  the united states blacklisted the nusra front in december , labeled it terroris .
 do camel bones discredit the bible ? <sec> a new study dating the remains of camel bones has spurred a debate on the bible 's authorship .  several stories in the bible depict camels being used for long journeys .  archeologists from tel aviv university say camels were n't domesticated until centuries after the biblical reference .
 contador vows to come back stronger <sec> alberto contador has vowed to come back stronger after his two-year drugs suspension .  contador is banned until august 2012 after being found guilty of taking banned clenbuterol .  court of arbitration for sport suspended contador despite finding he did not dop .
 why # gamergate wo n't die ( opinion ) <sec> david weinberger : gamergate `` movement '' began as misogyny , became more .  he says it started with gamers defending anti-female games , but reveals culture war too .  dust-up shows how small gamer group can wield grievance politics online , he says .  writer : gamergate evolved as result of our failure to address culture 's treatment of wome .
 'bloody sunday ' paved road to obama white house , activists say <sec> few african-americans living in deep south were allowed to vote before 1965 .  `` bloody sunday '' march led to swift passage of the voting rights act of 1965 .  activists : obama has benefited from struggle of civil rights `` foot soldiers '' .  `` there 's nothing more powerful than an idea whose time has come , '' says mant .
 parents : bronx boy handcuffed over $ 5 theft <sec> the boy was accused of stealing the money from a fellow student in november .  the family filed the suit last week ; the boy 's mother released a photo wednesday .  the nypd says the lawsuit greatly exaggerates the details of the inciden .
 cleanup activities held across u.s. on 'national day of action ' <sec> new : `` people are saying they ca n't believe what they are finding , '' leader says of trash cleanup .  saturday 's event is called the great american cleanup `` national day of action '' .  large-scale trash removal is planned for 10 sites , like los angeles and philadelphia .  at least 10,000 volunteers are expected to participate across the united state .
 marking katrina anniversary , obama praises new orleans ' resilience <sec> obama : `` new orleans is coming back '' .  president says efforts remain underway to rebuild after katrina .  officials are looking ahead to prepare for future disasters , he say .
 opinion : do n't take your kid to see 'blue ' movie <sec> pepper schwartz : graphic sex in `` blue is the warmest color '' causing controversy .  she says times critic said film is relevant for young teens ; his 14-year-old saw it .  she says : you kidding ? .  most kids very unprepared for film 's level of raw sexuality .  schwartz : not advisable for a parent to introduce this kind of sex to a youngste .
 voice of siri : how her life has changed <sec> on october 4 , cnn revealed susan bennett as the original u.s. voice of siri on the iphone .  since then , bennett has faced a whirlwind of change .  media requests , travel and new opportunities have been `` exciting , exhausting .
 egypt charges coptic christians linked to infamous video <sec> new : head of media for christ said he was duped by filmmaker .  u.s. , libyan officials discuss what happened in benghazi .  egypt charges maker of anti-islamic film , seven others .  al qaeda urges killing of u.s. government representatives across muslim land .
 review : 'how do you know ' when a movie does n't connect ? <sec> reese witherspoon plays a professional athlete at the end of her softball career .  `` funny '' moments are whiffed , the dialogue is `` scene-y , ' '' reviewer says .  two male lead characters are more plot-functional than three-dimensiona .
 dutch court halts girl 's solo sailing plans <sec> laura dekker , 13 , wants to become youngest person to sail solo around globe .  dutch social workers say it is too dangerous and want to prevent her .  court ruled child protection board to share custody of laura with her parents .  move prevents the parents from permitting laura to set off on her tri .
 greece : when anger goes beyond despair <sec> for the last three years greek society has suffered a prolonged period of economic and political crisis .  the crisis has caused social destabilization , sociologist athanasia chalari says .  she argues ongoing turbulence during the 20th century caused delays in social , political and economic developmen .
 same-sex couples in d.c. say 'i do ' <sec> tuesday is first day same-sex couples in washington , d.c. , can legally marry .  supreme court last week rejected bid by residents that would have blocked law .  mayor adrian fenty signed measure into law in december , after council passed i .
 mourinho : 'no story ' in real madrid exit rumors <sec> jose mourinho says he has a good relationship with real madrid 's president .  coach rejects rumors that he is planning to leave the santiago bernabeu .  his team has struggled in la liga but is through to next round in europe .  mourinho shrugs off praise from his friend , manchester united manager alex ferguso .
 cuts needed in iraq to bolster afghanistan , marine chief says <sec> marines in iraq 's once-volatile anbar province could leave , general says .  anbar attacks down to a few a day , gen. james conway says .  marines could have greater effect in afghanistan , conway say .
 activists : saudi women arrested at detention protests <sec> activists report arrests of women in saudi cities .  protesters unhappy with pace of judicial system .  saudi officials have been reluctant to commen .
 s. korea : chinese fishermen kill coast guard member <sec> new : south korea has seized the ship and its nine sailors .  south korea : the fishermen are suspected of fishing illegally in the yellow sea .  members of the south korean coast guard board a chinese ship to investigate .  one person on board stabs two commandos , killing one , the coast guard say .
 rory mcilroy leads way at honda classic <sec> rory mcilroy shoots seven-under 63 in opening round of honda classic .  world no . .  8 banishes memory of miserable , premature exit 12 months ago .  tiger woods struggles to one-over par round of 71 .  world no . .  2 adam scott in mix after opening with two-under 6 .
 at cnn from the beginning , a ringside seat to history <sec> randy harber retires this week after a career that goes back to the first day of cnn .  he says the 24-hour news channel quickly overcame doubts that it was needed .  harber : ted turner 's innovation found an audience as events demanded constant attention .  he says his 32-year career provided a front row seat to histor .
 bo xilai found guilty on all charges , sentenced to life in prison <sec> `` i 'm actually a little bit surprised , '' an analyst says .  court find bo xilai guilty of bribe-taking , embezzlement and abuse of power .  the one-time rising star of the communist party sentenced to life in prison .  a court found his wife guilty last year of murdering british businessman neil heywoo .
 gay rights activists need to show love and patience for foes <sec> lz granderson says gays should show patience after same-sex law defeated in maine .  he says frustrated advocates must reject hate , focus on changing nation 's heart . .  as they face opponents , advocates should hate sin , love sinner , he say .
 costa concordia sets sail on final voyage <sec> the vessel is being towed to the italian port of genoa .  dismantling the cruise ship could take two years .  32 passengers and crew were killed when the ship capsized in 201 .
 isaac leaves distress , perspective in southeastern louisiana <sec> isaac hit louisiana as a hurricane and lingered , causing massive flooding .  waters remain high in parts of the state , with tens of thousands without power .  a fire chief loses his home to flooding and pulls a dead couple out of their home .  new orleans resident says it 's `` beautiful '' how people are helping each othe .
 the web is n't killing newspapers , advertisers are <sec> newspapers still attract more ad dollars than the internet , but that should soon change .  advertisers have fled newspapers for the greener , cheaper pastures of the internet .  on the web , an advertiser has a greater ability to target his or her ad spend .  advertisers are buying ads on google instead of traditional news organization .
 is this the most historic plane in the world ? <sec> budget cuts make ex-air force one , aka sam 26000 , off limits .  expert : it may be `` the most important historical airplane in the world '' .  sam 26000 served as a stage for several major historic events .  it carried jfk 's casket , hosted lbj 's swearing in , and ferried nixon to chin .
 prominent uyghur scholar goes on trial in china <sec> ilham tohtia , a prominent uyghur scholar , was charged with `` separatism '' .  detained by police in january , he was taken to his native province of xinjiang .  police say they gathered firm evidence of him colluding with overseas forces to `` spread separatist ideas '' .  tohti 's lawyers have said that the scholar continues to emphasize his innocenc .
 first responder : what i saw at mh17 crash site <sec> malaysia airlines flight 17 crashed in ukraine on july 17 , killing all 298 passengers .  michael bociurkiw was part of first international team of observers on scene .  bociurkiw : we saw smoldering rubble of plane with bodies still strapped into their seats .  bociurkiw : knowing these souls were finally on their way provided some sense of comfor .
 coach richards banned for faking blood injury <sec> ex-england rugby player dean richards is hit with three-year coaching ban .  richards admitted orchestrating a fake blood injury to one of his players .  the 46-year-old also admitted a subsequent cover up of the operation .  wing tom williams had 12-month ban reduced to four on appea .
 cnn student news one-sheet : women 's history month <sec> march is women 's history month .  learn how this celebration come to be , and why it is held in marc .
 1 killed after plane crashes in los angeles neighborhood <sec> single-engine aircraft crashes shortly after takeoff from santa monica , the faa says .  one person on the plane dies , `` no other patients discovered , '' the fire department says .  the pilot declared an emergency shortly after departing , according to the fa .
 'godsend ' bakery brings fresh twist to goma life <sec> vanessa jados has established the `` au bon pain '' bakery in goma , drc .  the capital of north kivu province has experienced war and destruction after a volcano erupted .  difficulties with electricity , water and skills shortages make running the business challenging .  jados says that congolese people need to remain positive and build a better countr .
 childhood friend recalls tragic diarist anne frank <sec> anne frank would have celebrated her 80th birthday this week .  frank , 15 , died at auschwitz concentration camp in poland .  her diary is one of the world 's mostly widely-read books .  like frank , eva schloss and her family fled from nazi persecution of the jew .
 serb police hunt fugitive mladic <sec> serbian police search for former bosnian serb commander ratko mladic .  mladic is the highest-ranking bosnian serb war crimes suspect still at large .  search conducted in town of arandjelovac , 75kms ( 45 miles ) south of belgrade .  serbian eu membership agreement conditional on sending mladic to the hagu .
 the township teens turned opera starlets <sec> `` i live to sing '' is a documentary on opera students from south africa 's townships .  it follows three young singers as they set out to launch a career in opera .  the students often had to overcome adversity and resistance to follow their dreams .  thesele kemane is auditioning for prestigious u.s. opera school .
 customers petition verizon to nix wireless contracts <sec> a petition urges verizon to follow t-mobile 's lead and get rid of contracts for service .  petition has attracted more than 55,000 signatures on change.org .  verizon ceo has said he 'd consider killing cell phone contracts if consumers asked .  petitioner : `` people should have the freedom of choice ... to move freely between carriers .
 deadly bombing targets u.s.-trained somali forces <sec> four civilians and three soldiers were killed , somali police say .  al qaeda-linked al-shabaab militants claimed responsibilit .
