 obama backs permanent seat for india on security council <sec> obama makes wide-ranging speech to parliament in new delhi .  he welcomes talks between india and pakistan .  the president notes gandhi 's influence on martin luther kin .
 west bank wall still triggers weekly protests in village <sec> protesters , israeli soldiers clash every friday afternoon in two west bank villages .  object of protest is israel 's security barrier ; palestinians call it a wall of separation .  palestinian group : six protesters have been killed in two villages since july 2008 .  despite the mayhem , protest is billed by organizers as nonviolen .
 pete rose : let him in hall of fame already ( opinion ) <sec> pete rose broke all kinds of records , made 17 all-star teams .  mike downey says his lifetime ban for gambling was punishment enough .  he says rose deserves to be in the hall of fame considering his achievement .
 maryland official declares innocence in bribe scandal <sec> jack johnson is executive of prince george 's county , maryland .  he says he is innocent and the facts will prove it .  he and his wife were charged friday .  an fbi affidavit describes years of kickback .
 man united crush arsenal to reach final <sec> manchester united reach the champions final in rome after defeating arsenal .  the defending champions win 3-0 at the emirates for a 4-0 aggregate success .  ji-sung park and cristiano ronaldo kill the game with two goals in 11 minutes .  united finish game with 10 men after darren fletcher unluckily sent off late on .  united will face either chelsea once again or barcelona in the final on may 2 .
 uncle : victim 's family wo n't attend oscar pistorius ' trial <sec> reeva steenkamp was shot and killed by boyfriend oscar pistorius .  facing a murder charge , he says he mistook her for an intruder .  steenkamp 's uncle says the family will not attend the trial .  mike steenkamp says he wants to forgive pistorius , face to fac .
 mel gibson sympathizes with shia labeouf <sec> gibson says his heart goes out to labeouf .  he said he thinks labeouf is `` suffering in some way '' .  the older actor said he believes labeouf will be alrigh .
 federer 'is the greatest ever tennis player ' <sec> roger federer 's win over andy murray equals pete sampras ' seven-title wimbledon record .  the swiss has won 17 grand slam titles -- the most in tennis history -- with sampras next on 14 .  american tennis coach nick bollettieri believes federer could still win as many as four more grand slams .  he says andy murray 's best chance of winning a grand slam is at the u.s. or australian open .
 u.s. weighs fate of surviving somali pirate <sec> legal hurdles abound if somali captive is flown to united states for prosecution .  suspect in u.s. military custody could be turned over to kenya or another country .  complicating issue is suspect 's age , reportedly between 16 and 1 .
 nigeria 's government squeezed by subsidy protests , militant movements <sec> nigeria 's president is under fire for his government 's elimination of a popular fuel subsidy .  nigerians also question his handling of issues like religious violence , a journalist says .  goodluck jonathan says ending the subsidy is critical for nigeria 's futur .
 murray and tsonga ease through on monte carlo clay <sec> third seed andy murray dismisses viktor troicki in straight sets .  jo-wilfried tsonga of france also into monte carlo third round .  andreas seppi earns second round match against novak djokovic .  rafael nadal is seven-time defending champion at tournamen .
 four italian journalists kidnapped in libya , official in rome confirms <sec> the four are reporters from prominent italian daily newspapers .  an italian foreign ministry official says the kidnappers are believed to be pro-gadhafi .  one of the journalists called his newspaper and reported that the four were beaten .  the four were taken at a roadblock about 50 miles from tripol .
 india summons u.s. diplomat over report of nsa spying <sec> the washington post published nsa document on monday attributed to edward snowden .  the indian party bjp was one of six political organizations deemed worthy of inspecting .  a list of recommended spying targets included 193 countrie .
 another u.s. downhill winner in italy <sec> travis ganong wins his first downhill by claiming top spot in santa catarina .  in a shortened run , he beat austria 's matthias mayer by 0.09 seconds .  it was the u.s. 's second downhill triumph in italy in about a week .  sweden 's sara hector also won her first race in a women 's giant slalo .
 death toll climbs to 46 in brazil flooding <sec> new : government approves millions of dollars in funding for flood victims .  46 dead , more than 150,000 residents homeless or displaced in two states .  more than 600 people still missing .  more than 18,000 homes damaged or destroyed in alagoas stat .
 man said to be biological dad wants to contact jaycee dugard <sec> slayton wants to legally prove he 's dugard 's dad .  agents probing case in 1991 told him he was her dad .  his letters to dugard have been returned unopene .
 move over f1 : could chess be the next spectator super-sport ? <sec> entrepreneur andrew paulson bought the rights from fide , the world chess federation .  he plans to develop and market the world chess championship over the next decade .  paulson plans to infuse chess with a mix of lucrative sponsorship deal .
 large asteroid safely zips past earth , dragging its moon along <sec> new : asteroid 1998 qe2 will next pass the earth in 2028 .  scientist have been anticipating the asteroid 's passing for a few years .  images of it should compare well to those shot by spacecraft , nasa says .  the asteroid `` sailed harmlessly '' past the earth , albeit 3.6 million awa .
 brazilian protests surge again after bus fare victory <sec> new : one death is reported in sao paulo state .  demonstrators list a variety of demands directed at brazil 's government .  they chant `` down with corruption '' and `` i can live without the world cup '' .  brazil 's president has postponed a trip to japan in light of the protest .
 michael schumacher accident a 'rare event ' in high-risk sport <sec> seven-time f1 world champion 's accident highlights perils of skiing .  serious accidents from recreational skiing are a rare event , says ski safety expert .  injuries are between 2-4 per 1,000 days on ski slopes , says dr. mike langran .  langran recommends skiers and snowboarders always wear an appropriate helme .
 life is ( still ) a 'cabaret ' <sec> the cast of the 1972 film `` cabaret '' reunites for `` 40th anniversary '' screening .  joel grey as emcee : `` i somehow felt empowered to make him even darker ( than onstage ) '' .  favoring gritty realism , director bob fosse did n't like actors to burst spontaneously into song .  `` cabaret '' won eight oscars the year `` the godfather '' was release .
 hindus volunteer to clean up religious offerings from jamaica bay area <sec> conservationists , park rangers concerned about water pollution .  hindus say it 's religious tradition to bring items to bodies of water .  cloth will be recycled , volunteer say .
 lamb of god 's randy blythe acquitted of manslaughter <sec> czech judges ruled that concert promoters were to blame for the death of a lamb of god fan .  frontman randy blythe pushed the 19-year-old off the stage a concert in may 2010 .  the sober czech teenager hit his head and eventually slipped into a coma and died weeks later .  blythe had pledged `` to serve my sentence like a man '' if found guilty by the czech court .
 opinion : the only road to peace in syria <sec> taufiq rahim : the world is debating whether military action in syria makes sense .  rahim : calling for an immediate cease-fire on all sides is the only path to peace .  he says the geneva 2 meeting would bring together the rebels and the regime for talks .  rahim : the best chance for a solution to the syrian conflict is through negotiation .
 opinion : nigerians ask , are we at war ? <sec> wave of violence has become a 'terrifying daily reality show ' in nigeria , says victor ehikhamenor .  the current attacks raise questions about where the country is heading .  despite the declared state of emergency people are losing hope , says ehikhameno .
 china 's great firewall and internet censorship <sec> china 's `` great firewall '' is a massive internet surveillance and content control system .  critics said it would stifle business but now chinese internet companies are worth billions .  amnesty international fears china is exporting its model to places like egypt and russi .
 israelis briefly raid gaza missile site <sec> new : israeli forces invade a gaza missile site sunday , then return .  new : the death toll in gaza is now 160 .  a saturday night airstrike kills 15 .  medical sources describe overcrowded emergency rooms in gaz .
 police arrest dalton hayes , cheyenne phillips <sec> dalton hayes and cheyenne phillips are suspected of stealing three cars .  they were the subject of a search that stretched from kentucky to georgi .
 princes william and harry pose in new portrait <sec> this is the first double portrait of princes william and harry .  artist nicky philipps captured a behind-the-scenes glance of the princes .  the portrait will hang in london 's national portrait galler .
 timeline : bo xilai 's fall from grace <sec> court finds gu kailai guilty of murdering neil heywood and gives her suspended death sentence .  sentence likely commuted to life in prison if gu does not commit crimes during two-year reprieve .  family aide zhang xiaojun also found guilty and sentenced to nine years in prison .  british embassy welcomes suspended death sentenc .
 streaming on netflix , amazon and itunes in january <sec> some previously dropped titles like `` mean girls '' are back .  the complete series of `` friends '' will be available for the first tim .
 opinion : bachmann exit helps gop scrub stupid away <sec> michele bachmann announced her plan to leave congress at end of term .  lz granderson says it 's progress in gop effort to stop being `` the stupid party '' .  bachmann was one of a number of gop figures who spoke nonsense , he says .  granderson : sarah palin , christine o'donnell have faded into the backgroun .
 justin timberlake and jessica biel expecting first baby <sec> singer uses his birthday to announce news of the impending arrival .  the two were married in italy in 201 .
 'laodicean ' launches kansas teen to spelling bee victory <sec> eighth-grader kavya shivashankar wins $ 40,000 in cash and prizes .  82nd annual scripps national spelling bee goes 15 rounds .  record 293 spellers compete ; ages range from 9 to 15 .  event has skyrocketed in popularity , thanks to exposure on tv and in movie .
 changing 14th amendment 'worth considering , ' boehner says <sec> boehner says current law draws illegal immigrants .  several gop senators support hearings .  reconstruction-era amendment underpins civil rights law .  changing the constitution is n't an easy tas .
 campbell soup recalls 15 million pounds of spaghettios <sec> recall includes 14.75-ounce cans of three types of spaghettios .  campbell soup says recall is voluntary , done `` in abundance of caution '' .  company says recalled spaghettios were shipped nationwide .  agriculture department says no illnesses reported from eating the product .
 sonny and cher 's child transitioning from female to male <sec> chastity bono transitioning to male , will be known as chaz .  bono is longtime gay-rights activist .  `` transitioning '' is either social or medical transition , how person wants to be viewe .
 protesters lash out at peacekeepers in central african republic <sec> protesters rally in central african republic capital against international peacekeepers .  they are angry the force has not done more to stop deadly attacks in bangui .  civilians have also clashed with peacekeepers in the town of bambari .  christians and muslims in bambari co-existed peacefully until last week ; now town is spli .
 same suit every day ? no problem for man , but a woman ... <sec> australian broadcaster wore same suit for a year .  female co-anchor has often gotten criticized for her clothes .  double standard is `` ridiculous , '' says consultant -- but there 's something to be said for style .  `` it 's not completely black and white , '' she say .
 training to go supersonic with south korea 's top guns <sec> south korean air force offers cnn rare access to its t-50 fighter jet .  training involves rigorous testing , including surviving g-force simulator .  anna coren passes out twice trying to withstand 6gs for 20 seconds .  simulator is designed to replicate extreme forces of gravity in a je .
 smartphones let retailers target deals to shoppers <sec> half of all cell phones in u.s. are smartphones , needed for mobile marketing .  the gap , banana republic are among the brands using mobile to target shoppers .  some worry the technology used to link stores directly with shoppers lacks regulatio .
 boston hits its snowiest month on record <sec> `` there 's a little bit of deja vu all over again , '' says the governor of massachusetts .  wind chill warnings are in effect in massachusetts , new york and elsewhere .  reports come in of roofs collapsing in new hampshir .
 oosthuizen eyes first win in u.s. after birdie blitz <sec> louis oosthuizen takes three-shot lead into monday 's final round of deutsche bank championship .  south african cards 63 in third round , including nine birdies .  oostuizen delivers tournament-record 29 on the front nine .  south african is searching for his first win in the u.s .
 dozens dead in pakistan mosque attack <sec> armed militants attack mosque during midday prayers in rawalpindi , killing dozens .  mosque is frequented by retired and serving military officials .  november 2 attack in rawalpindi saw suicide bomber target a ban .
 tom cruise , katie holmes 'amicably ' settle divorce , attorney says <sec> holmes lawyer : `` numerous inaccuracies '' in reports on contents of agreement .  `` the terms of the settlement are confidential , '' cruise 's lawyer says .  the former couple say they 're `` working together '' in the `` best interests '' of their daughter .  holmes filed for divorce , seeking sole custody of 6-year-old suri on june 2 .
 life in prison for 'thrill kill ' teen <sec> chancey luna convicted of murder for gunning down oklahoma college student as he jogged .  police : luna and his friends `` were bored '' so they decided to kill somebod .
 new species found in colombian forests <sec> ten new species of amphibians found in colombia near border with panama .  conservation international says the discovery offered renewed optimism .  25-30 percent of vegetation in the darien area is currently being deforeste .
 obama 's cell phone records breached <sec> new : internal verizon e-mail says no e-mail accessible on phone .  obama spokesman says verizon wireless employee accessed billing records .  spokesman says the phone is old and obama no longer uses it .  no indication any calls were monitored or voicemails improperly accesse .
 bill clinton 's lessons for obama <sec> julian zelizer : bill clinton has re-emerged as a political force to be cultivated .  obama could learn how clinton got himself re-elected , he says , won high ratings .  zelizer : clinton succeeded in countering gop attacks , stayed focused on economy .  another lesson for obama is clinton 's empathy for struggling americans , he write .
 hollande : french hostage held in mali is freed <sec> hostage 's release prompts speculation that the french may have done a deal .  french hostage serge lazarevic is freed after being held by al qaeda in mali .  francois hollande says there are no longer any french hostages held anywhere .  `` he is relatively healthy , despite the very harsh conditions of his long captivity , '' says holland .
 house , senate health care bills grow further apart <sec> senate still has to vote to end debate , pass bill , then merge it with house version .  house version tightens restrictions on abortion funding ; senate bill does not .  house version creates public option ; senate dems reached agreement on alternate package .  how to pay for the plans is another sticking poin .
 will hong kong overtake london , new york in financial jobs stakes ? <sec> reports suggest hong kong could become the world 's financial capital in terms of jobs .  many jobs expected to be on `` buy side '' of industry , in asset and wealth fund management .  analysts expect more job volatility on `` sale side , '' which includes investment banking .  local knowledge , language skills increasingly important in asian marke .
 governor declares state of emergency in ferguson <sec> fbi issues bulletin , urges law enforcement to be vigilant , source says .  gov . .  jay nixon says ferguson police will have reduced role if there is unrest .  michael brown , a black teen , was fatally shot by darren wilson , a white officer .  a grand jury is weighing whether to indict wilso .
 olympics head rejects silence for israeli victims <sec> activists want a minute of silence at the opening ceremony for 11 israelis killed in 1972 .  the international olympic committee head says it 's not the right venue for the tribute .  president barack obama backs the call for silence in memory of the victims .  11 israelis , a german policeman and 5 terrorists were killed in munich 40 years ag .
 guns n ' roses , chili peppers bring magic to rock and roll hall of fame induction <sec> duff mckagan played an explosive three-song set of guns n ' roses songs with slash .  the beastie boys had no intention of performing without adam yauch .  red hot chili peppers did a three-song set of `` by the way , '' `` the adventures of rain dance maggie '' and `` give it away .
 tennis : nadal survives scare as djokovic goes out <sec> rafael nadal is the lone survivor among former champions at indian wells .  spanish star sees john isner of the united states in three sets .  second seed novak djokovic beaten in straight sets by ivan ljubicic .  fourth-ranked andy murray eases through as nicolas almagro retire .
 hong kong vows probe into alleged police beating <sec> lawyer says alleged assault was `` unprovoked and unnecessary '' .  hong kong authorities promise `` impartial investigation '' into alleged assault video .  clip shows protester being carried to dark corner , kicked and punched .  pro-democracy protesters have blocked key streets for more than two week .
 indonesian official : military 'elements ' may have tortured two men <sec> a group says both victims were unarmed farmers .  initial reports cite human rights violations .  papua has a low-level independence insurgenc .
 charlie daniels heart gets help keeping a beat <sec> daniels learned he needed a pacemaker while being treated for pneumonia monday .  `` i just had not been feeling well and wanted to get checked out , '' daniels says .  daniels ' tour resumes april 11 after he rests at home for 2 weeks .  grand ole opry star is best known for his 1979 hit `` the devil went down to georgia .
 begala : the day jon stewart blew up my show <sec> paul begala co-hosted show where jon stewart launched attack on `` crossfire '' .  he says stewart shared a thoughtful critique of show after the cameras stoppe .
 vine gets 'rickrolled ' by 16-year-old <sec> 16-year-old developer `` rickrolls '' twitter 's vine app .  teen posted three-and-a-half-minute video to site that allows only 6-second clips .  he removed the video at twitter 's request , but the web already took notice .  rickrolling is a bait-and-switch joke spawned in 2007 on 4cha .
 print media hail ipad 's potential <sec> publishers hope apple 's ipad tablet will breathe new life into their struggling industry .  a handful of publishers already have struck content deals with apple for the wireless device .  apple 's ibookstore may do for print media what itunes did for the music industry .  newspapers and magazines have suffered as readers have migrated to the we .
 after pennsylvania school stabbing , authorities , community ask : 'why ? ' <sec> new : fbi official says teen accused in stabbings was `` disaffected , '' but not bullied .  some kind of ''bullying event '' may have played a role , an attorney says .  suspect 's home was searched , and a computer and cell phone were seized , police say .  alex hribal , 16 , faces four counts of attempted homicide , 21 counts of aggravated assaul .
 bhutto 's body flown home <sec> new : former pm benazir bhutto 's body arrives at her ancestral home for burial .  body en route to ancestral graveyard accompanied by husband , three children .  unrest , rioting reported in khairpur , peshawar and karachi .  bhutto died while campaigning to become prime minister for a third tim .
