 u.n. report reveals world 's highest murder rates ; honduras tops list <sec> u.n. office of drugs and crime : honduras has the world 's highest homicide rate .  there were 90.4 homicides per 100,000 people there in 2012 , a new report says .  homicide rates in the americas have long been higher than those in europe and asi .
 will kenya 's battle with islamists in somalia succeed ? <sec> somali pirates have started kidnapping foreigners in kenya as well as hijacking boats .  last month kenyan forces entered somalia , saying kidnappings threatened security .  analysts warn kenyan forces ' mission in somalia is risky .  conflict is likely to hinder humanitarian efforts againsnt famine in the horn of afric .
 'fast & furious 6 ' proceeds to go to paul walker 's charity <sec> walker 's charity will get part of proceeds from `` fast & furious 6 's '' home entertainment sales .  the actor died while supporting his organization , reach out worldwide .  the family has asked that others donate to the charity in lieu of flower .
 japanese boat washed away in tsunami spotted more than a year later <sec> new : the ship is stable and poses no danger .  a fishing boat swept up in a tsunami is spotted near canadian islands .  the owner has been identified , a japanese official says .  the boat is part of a giant debris field making its way toward north americ .
 west virginia : new health hazard , same story ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the charleston area has experienced 3 hazardous material incidents over 5 years .  the chemical , coal industries are politically and economically powerful in west virginia .  safety , health advocates cautiously optimistic response will be different this tim .
 when war is pre-packaged for sharing <sec> israel and hamas release shareable images on social media .  in some ways , that 's backfired , with the internet mocking the post .
 a guide to the world 's best music festivals <sec> cnn has put together a list of some of the best music festivals in the world .  you can dress to kill at england 's bestival 's fancy dress competition .  enjoy the music , comedians and silent disco at bonnaroo , tennessee .  dance all weekend in the shadows of a 300 year old serbian castl .
 israel to turkey : sorry for the deadly raid <sec> new : the breakthrough follows 3 years of tough negotiations , a turkish official says .  new : turkey 's leader talked with egyptian , qatari counterparts before netanyahu , he adds .  israel cites `` mistakes '' in a 2010 raid on a gaza-bound ship that killed 9 , vows `` compensation '' .  obama says he and israel 's netanyahu `` agreed the moment was right '' to call turke .
 after weeks of relative calm , deadly clashes in egypt <sec> new : state media report four deaths , 40 injuries .  anti-morsy politician was stabbed , according to state media .  state media : clashes broke out between pro-morsy protesters and security forces in cairo .  skirmishes between pro-morsy and anti-morsy protesters occurred in two other location .
 comic-con : ben affleck 's 'batman ' makes an appearance <sec> a close-up photo of ben affleck 's batman was shared at comic-con .  it was part of a montage celebrating the hero 's 75th anniversary .  affleck is playing batman in `` batman v superman : dawn of justice '' .  the movie will arrive may 6 , 201 .
 ronaldo injury blow for real madrid <sec> cristiano ronaldo ruled out for the next three weeks due to a hamstring problem .  real madrid star will miss international matches and possibly a champions league tie .  villarreal claim third place in spain after winning 1-0 against athletic bilbao .  valencia drop to fourth on goal difference after losing by same score at home to sevill .
 59 bodies found in mexico mass graves <sec> authorities discover eight mass graves in northern mexico .  at least 59 bodies were recovered .  the local governor and the president of mexico condemned the violenc .
 sizzling stoner on pole for motogp season-opener in qatar <sec> australian rider casey stoner will seek to emulate his 2009 victory from pole in qatar .  the 2007 world champion helps his new team honda to fill top-two qualifying places .  he is joined on the front row by dani pedrosa and world champion jorge lorenzo .  seven-time world champion valentino rossi back in ninth in his debut for ducat .
 parisians marvel at spectacle of u.s. election race <sec> for the first time since 1988 , the u.s. and france are holding presidential elections in the same year .  poole : french find u.s. politics both simultaneously entertaining and horrifying .  french are shocked by the massive amounts of money u.s pours into campaign .
 sharapova quits wta championships <sec> maria sharapova has quit the end-of-season wta championships in istanbul .  the russian had lost in straight sets to china 's li na .  it was sharapova 's second straight-sets defeat in two days .  elsewhere victoria azarenka beat u.s. open sam stosu .
 fulham knock out basel in europa <sec> fulham reach last 32 of europa league at the expense of basel with 3-2 win in switzerland .  greek giants panathinaikos book place in knockout stage with 3-0 win over dinamo bucharest .  hertha berlin go through with 1-0 win over group winners sporting lisbon .  fellow bundesliga side werder bremen top goup l after 3-0 win over athletic bilba .
 tennessee pharmacy recalls steroid product after 7 people become ill <sec> main street family pharmacy in tennessee voluntarily recalls steroid product in 11 states .  five people in illinois develop abscesses ; two complications develop in north carolina .  the pharmacy is currently on probation as a result of a recent inspection .  no cases of meningitis or other life-threatening infections have been reporte .
 armenia , turkey sign historic agreement <sec> signing was delayed , and no closing statement was made .  agreement normalizes relations between the rival nations .  accord will open border within two months of ratification .  animosity dates back to ottoman empire ; armenians accuse turks of genocid .
 occupy wall street protesters support injured war veteran <sec> new : nashville authorities say occupy nashville participants will be required to have permits .  witnesses say a tear gas canister fractured veteran 's skull .  the injured vet becomes another issue for protesters to rally around .  scott olsen is in fair condition in an intensive care uni .
 aftershocks a way of life in quake-ravaged haiti <sec> aftershocks in haiti `` will continue for months , if not years , '' scientists say .  4.4-magnitude quake shakes haiti on friday , 10 days after monster 7.0 quake .  aftershocks becoming routine to haitians , but can be dangerous , experts warn .  relief efforts in haiti advancing as pier , airport gradually improv .
 experts : most people will make purchases via phones by 2020 <sec> web experts , users say mobile payments will replace cards , cash .  in survey , 65 % expect phone payments to be the norm by 2020 .  others say users ' security concerns might slow that process .  the survey by pew internet and elon university sought out internet expert .
 why do school sports start before classes do ? <sec> lz granderson : high schools start sports practices before classes even begin .  u.s. students lag behind many other countries in math , science and reading , he says .  unemployment high , yet population lacks education , skills to fill available jobs , he says .  granderson : schools should be making academics , readiness for jobs a priorit .
 davos 2012 : the world 's most exclusive gathering <sec> the world 's elite will converge on davos with the eurozone crisis at the forefront of discussions .  the theme of this year 's event is `` the great transformation : shaping new models '' .  forum organizers say the backlash against rising inequality is jeopardizing globalization .  critics say the event does little to actually implement change towards its stated end .
 villa strike sends spain into last eight <sec> spain beat portugal 1-0 to make the quarterfinals of the world cup .  barcelona striker david villa scored the only goal of the game on 63 minutes .  spain will now face paraguay in the last eight in johannesburg on saturday .  portugal defender ricardo costa sent off in the dying minutes for an elbo .
 coburn shows what $ 28 billion in government waste looks like <sec> gop sen. tom coburn released his annual report on government waste .  he highlighted 100 government programs and $ 28 billion worth of `` questionable '' spending .  coburn cites programs and other spending in many government agencies .  agencies in question consider the spending legitimat .
 comment : football star 's lavish wedding a class issue <sec> english football star wayne rooney and sweetheart marry in lavish ceremony .  glen scanlon says media have launched bitter attacks on the couple .  working-class background appears to be critics ' greatest annoyance , he say .
 9 ways facebook changed how we talk <sec> facebook has contributed numerous terms to the language of modern life .  many are common words that facebook refitted with new meanings .  among them : unfriend , tag , like , poke .  facebook celebrates its 10th anniversary on tuesda .
 correctional officer in washington prison is found dead <sec> jayme biendl had worked with the corrections department since 2002 .  she was found strangled , with her keys and radio missing .  an inmate who told officers he had planned to escape is considered a suspec .
 america 's cup will go on , despite sailor 's death <sec> andrew `` bart '' simpson died after a 72-foot catamaran capsized in san francisco bay .  he and his fellow crew members had been training for the upcoming america 's cup .  america 's cup organizers say the race will go on .  they detail who 's part of a safety committee that will review training and racin .
 5 dead after thai police clash with anti-government protesters in bangkok <sec> the death toll from tuesday 's clashes rises to five , officials say .  the number of wounded , both police and protesters , reaches 73 .  prime minister yingluck shinawatra is facing charges from anti-graft body .  police are trying to clear groups of protesters from the center of the cit .
 what is causing balkans weather misery ? <sec> the balkans are enduring the worst flooding in 120 years , since record keeping began .  26 bodies have been recovered , and rescuers expect to find more as waters recede .  the low pressure system drenching the peninsula is known as a `` cutoff low '' .  last week , the cutoff low lasted up to four days and dumped two months ' worth of rai .
 aztec pyramid ruins found in mexico city <sec> ruins of an aztec pyramid uncovered in iztapalapa neighborhood , mexico city .  iztapalapa is a sprawling , crime-ridden district .  the aztecs ruled an empire stretching from the gulf of mexico to the pacific ocea .
 activists : hundreds protest in hofuf , qatif on saudi 'day of rage ' <sec> new : scores of people protest in hofuf and 3 are arrested , two activists say .  new : another protest takes place in the eastern city of qatif , an activist says .  the protests came a day after three people were hurt in other demonstrations .  an analyst says the saudi king is still popular and he does n't expect a revol .
 man accused of fatally stabbing five neighbors in japan <sec> police in japan say they have arrested a man , 40 , after five neighbors were fatally stabbed .  the accused shares the same surname as the victims , aged 59 to 84 , local media say .  a police official says the man has admitted to the stabbings but refused to comment furthe .
 australia fair ? sports stars given a grilling down under <sec> australia is world renowned as a country which is passionate about sport .  women 's champions victoria azarenka criticized for taking a medical break in semifinal .  rising star bernard tomic is australia 's top male tennis player .  but the 20-year-old is not universally rated by the country 's sport fan .
 israel frees prisoners , oks new settlements before new peace talks <sec> new : palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas welcomes prisoners `` home '' .  israel releases palestinian prisoners ahead of new peace talks .  but palestinians are angered by israeli plans for new construction in east jerusalem .  west bank handover followed by rock-throwing , tear ga .
 smartwatches in focus as apple iwatch launch nears <sec> apple may unveil a smartwatch next week .  the company filed for a patent for the 'iwatch ' in july .  samsung released its first smartwatch a year ago .  other competitors are also crowding the fiel .
 'walking dead ' town for sale <sec> a georgia town featured on the hit amc show is for sale on ebay .  the starting price for nine downtown grantville buildings : $ 680,00 .
 hondurans honor african heritage <sec> new : marchers carry drums and demand government respect for their rights .  new : `` we are repressed in this country , '' one activist says .  president porfirio lobo kicks off the african heritage month festivities .  the country 's post office will also commemorate the mont .
 al qaeda suspect 's work at nuclear sites prompts call for probe <sec> senator calls for probe into background check system for nuclear plant workers .  suspected al qaeda member sharif mobley did routine labor at nuclear plants from 2002 to 2008 .  mobley is accused of killing security agent while trying to flee a hospital in sanaa , yemen .  background checks include criminal , employment histories ; psychological assessmen .
 commentary : a lesson of somali pirate attacks <sec> william jelani cobb : somalia piracy being seen as test of obama 's foreign policy .  he says piracy developed in wake of political and environmental problems .  cobb : u.s. cared about somalia , like afghanistan , during the cold war .  he says u.s. lack of interest in the country helped to let piracy develo .
 skin cancer is colorblind -- no 'free pass ' <sec> dermatologists report increased incidence of skin cancer among people of color .  minorities often believe pigmentation makes them immune to skin cancer .  more than 1 million new cases of skin cancer are estimated in 2009 .  every 62 minutes , one american dies of melanom .
 netanyahu cancels upcoming meeting with obama <sec> new : obama spoke by phone with netanyahu , saying he understands the decision to cancel the meeting .  israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu was to meet tuesday with u.s. president .  meeting canceled amid controversy over flotilla of ships carrying aid for palestinians in gaza .  netanyahu and obama were to discuss recent u.n. nuclear conferenc .
 court : it 's 'premature ' to consider motion to release jena 6 defendant <sec> thousands expected to march in jena on thursday to protest charges .  appeals court does not set a date for hearing a motion to release mychal bell .  bell one of six teens charged with beating up a white classmate .  tension at jena high flared when white students hung nooses from campus tre .
 martin friend 'upset , angry ' by verdict <sec> zimmerman was `` weak '' and his defense acted `` like a punk , '' rachel jeantel says .  the case was about race , jeantel says .  jeantel calls zimmerman verdict `` bs '' .  martin `` was a calm , chill , loving person , '' she say .
 second massachusetts state chemist accused of tampering <sec> massachusetts chemist accused of tampering with evidence , drug possession .  sonja farak took heroin , cocaine from evidence inventory , attorney general alleges .  another chemist was accused of tampering , affecting 34,000 drug cases , in octobe .
 scotland and england : better together or more affluent apart ? <sec> one question has never ceased to prey upon the scottish people 's psyche : would the country be better off on its own ? .  nina dos santos explores the complex relationship between scotland and the rest of the united kingdom .  she finds that while scotland might want to split away , the complexities of such a move are extrem .
 veterans groups irate at obama 's private insurance proposal <sec> obama plan would charge veterans ' private health care for service-related injuries .  groups say government has moral obligation to pay for service-connected injuries .  obama says plan will generate $ 540 million for department of veterans affair .
 opinion : let the nsa spy , let the fbi chase terrorists <sec> author glenn greenwald 's new book shows that nsa spies on many embassies .  bruce schneier : spying on foreign governments is what the nsa is supposed to do .  he says what is dangerous is the nsa spying on entire populations .  schneier : we must separate espionage , a military mission , from broad surveillanc .
 the cinematic city : hitchcock 's london <sec> hitchcock is one of east london 's most famous exports : born , brought up in leytonstone .  little evidence of director remains in the city , but london is present in many of his movies .  `` sabotage , '' `` frenzy '' and `` the man who knew too much '' all feature key london landmarks .  `` genius of hitchcock '' celebrated by bfi with a season of his film .
 cash : only injury can deny nadal in paris <sec> pat cash says injury biggest threat to rafael nadal 's chances of glory at french open .  spain 's nadal aiming for eighth title at roland garros .  roger federer eases through to third round where he will face julien benneteau of france . .  serena williams and victoria azarenka progress in women 's dra .
 rapper dolla mourned for his 'big heart ' <sec> those who knew rapper dolla mourn his loss .  the atlanta-based rapper was killed at the beverly center mall in los angeles .  family releases a statement asking for privacy to mourn .  dolla , whose real name was roderick anthony burton ii , was 2 .
 ronaldo double sinks barca and sends real madrid into spanish cup final <sec> real madrid beat rivals barcelona 3-1 in second leg of their spanish cup semifinal .  cristiano ronaldo 's double helps jose mourinho 's side triumph 4-2 on aggregate .  mourinho 's reign to be defined by spanish cup and champions league campaigns .  real and barcelona to meet in another el clasico in the league on saturda .
 sex worker : i sleep with five men a day just to eat <sec> a growing number of people in swaziland are turning to prostitution because of unemployment .  more than half of young people in swaziland are out of work .  imf refused loan to country and south africa 's promised bailout money has not arrived .  increase in sex work threatens to further compound country 's hiv/aids epidemi .
 'war on boko haram ' : nations unite to find nigerian girls <sec> france will not intervene militarily in nigeria , president says .  cameroon soldier killed , 10 chinese missing , one injured after boko haram attack .  boko haram acts as an al qaeda operation in central africa , nigeria says .  `` we 're here to declare war on boko haram , '' cameroon leader says at summi .
 desperation , smuggling the backdrop to migrant tragedy <sec> libya has long been a destination for migrants from the rest of africa .  many african migrants try to find work in industries such as construction .  others attempt to move on to europe , with italy a common destination .  strict border controls often prompt migrants to take other dangerous route .
 time to change how we think about cancer <sec> wednesday marks world cancer day .  laura esserman : old label for cancer is imprecise and engenders needless fear .  she says proper labeling would offer patients least invasive , most effective treatment option .
 floating restaurant in kentucky rolls down ohio river -- again <sec> jeff ruby 's waterfront restaurant broke from its moorings on the ohio river .  the floating eatery is being held in place on the ohio river until it can be relocated .  the business has been closed since 2011 after it broke free with 83 people insid .
 welcome to the sochi home of stalin ... <sec> joseph stalin 's summer home is on sightseeing list for sochi .  dictator helped create much that is modern sochi when he built dacha in 1937 .  home has several features helpful to a man who had many enemie .
 civil rights activist evelyn lowery dies after stroke <sec> evelyn lowery died at her atlanta home thursday .  she formed a sister group to the southern christian leadership conference .  she and her husband participated in the selma-to-montgomery marc .
 freed al jazeera journalist : i was never abused <sec> peter greste finds positive meaning in his captivity in egypt .  `` it 's awesome to be home , '' greste tells reporters and well-wishers .  the celebration is tempered by worry for his colleagues still held in egypt , greste say .
 swedes take 'one in a million ' olympic triathlon photo-finish ruling to court <sec> photo finish in olympic women 's triathlon race was `` a million to one odds '' .  swedish olympic and triathlon bodies take their appeal to sports court .  international triathlon union had rejected earlier protests against last weekend 's result .  former triathlete says saturday 's decision `` could mean €100,000 to somebody .
 south pacific islands running out of water <sec> tuvalu and tokelau in the south pacific running out of drinking water .  tokelau with a population of 1,500 , could run dry in just one week .  tuvalu , located midway between hawaii and australia , has two weeks of wate .
 leftist candidate milos zeman wins czech presidential election <sec> milos zeman , a former prime minister , wins the czech presidency .  he replaces vaclav klaus , who is term limited .  analyst : zeman is open to a government dependent on communist party suppor .
