 oregon gov . john kitzhaber 's fiancee planned a pot farm <sec> new : oregon governor says his fiancee 's past illegal activities are a private matter .  oregon 's `` first lady '' cylvia hayes admits involvement in a plan for a pot farm in 1997 .  she says she associated with the `` wrong kind of people '' at the time .  the same year she also married an immigrant for mone .
 gyan out to end ghana 's trophy drought <sec> asamoah gyan says pressure is on ghana to win 2012 african cup of nations .  the black stars have not won the competition since beating libya in 1972 .  gyan has defended his september move from sunderland to al-ain .  the 25-year-old wants to raise exposure of uae side al-ain in afric .
 guardiola mentor lillo : 'pep will make bayern 's team better players and people . that 's success ' <sec> pep guardiola 's mentor juanma lillo says his former player will be a success at bayern .  former barcelona coach guardiola called lillo the best manager he ever played under .  lillo says guardiola will make bayern 's squad better players and better people .  guardiola will join the german giants in july after a year 's sabbatical from socce .
 first panda birth in u.s. this year expected soon <sec> zoo atlanta is soon expecting the first panda birth in u.s. this year .  thirteen-year-old lun lun was artificially inseminated .  the giant panda is an endangered specie .
 opinion : in teen beating , do n't blame bus driver <sec> florida school bus driver did not help when teen was beaten on bus .  elizabeth englander says before criticizing , place blame on assailants ; driver in terrible spot .  studies show intervening can backfire ; people need alternative to assuming risk , she says .  englander : bus companies should have tools , techniques to disable assailants till help arrive .
 retrial in travolta extortion case halted at actor 's request <sec> john travolta cites `` emotional toll '' in asking for retrial to be halted .  two people were accused of attempting to extort money .  the case ended in mistrial last yea .
 intuition leads to two cancer diagnoses <sec> julie seitz was diagnosed nearly simultaneously with thyroid and breast cancer .  seitz 's diagnoses came after she sought a second look in both cases .  she initially was given an all-clear after a mammogram .  seitz shares her own tips for taking charge of your health car .
 arab neighbors joined isis slaughter , yazidi says <sec> officials estimate 10,000-20,000 yazidis on mount sinjar .  isis has captured more villages in syria , activists say .  `` they join them , and actually they kill us , '' a yazidi says of arab residents .  yazidis ' loved ones in israel and u.s. fear for the .
 can technology prevent another ferguson ? ( opinion ) <sec> in ferguson , the idea of putting dashboard cameras on all police cars has come up .  a team of entrepreneurs is making a new nail polish that women can wear to prevent date rape .  neil richards : cameras and chemistry , it seems , can deter police brutality and date rape .  richards : but complex social problems ca n't be really solved with simple technological fixe .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> prior to fukushima , many arab countries in the region held plans for nuclear energy .  mme looks at why jordan remains on the nucleur route .  jordan 's king abdullah talks to mme about the arab spring and what obstacles lie ahea .
 norwegian court convicts three in attack plot connected to mohammed cartoons <sec> two of the men are also accused of plotting to kill the cartoonist .  the plot involved an attack on a danish newspaper .  the men were arrested in 201 .
 remains from uss oklahoma to be exhumed <sec> uss oklahoma was lost during japanese attack on pearl harbor in 1941 .  hundreds of crew members were buried without identificatio .
 knox scared but insists on innocence , italian lawmaker says <sec> delegation from italy usa foundation visited amanda knox in italian prison .  knox seemed `` serene , '' denies guilt in roommate 's murder , one visitor says .  delegation took her english-language books as christmas gift .  knox 's father has said he believes she 'll be freed on appea .
 five things to watch at the dnc this week <sec> san antonio mayor julian castro will give the keynote address .  possible 2016 contenders , many of them governors , will be on display .  former florida gov . .  charlie crist takes his shot at the gop .  anticipation is high for former president bill clinton 's wednesday night addres .
 libyan troops surround pro-gadhafi stronghold in wake of fighter 's death <sec> a man credited with capturing gadhafi was kidnapped and died last month .  libya 's legislature gave bani walid 10 days to hand over those responsible .  libyan troops are awaiting orders to go into the city to enforce the mandate .  bani walid residents say they are defiant , even as they are under sieg .
 friend of man behind 'ice bucket challenge ' dies <sec> corey griffin , 27 , died in a diving accident in nantucket , massachusetts .  he was friends with pete frates , the man who inspired the viral challenge .  the ice bucket challenge aims to raise awareness and money for al .
 beaten bayern munich boss : man utd clash is 'life or death ' <sec> bayern munich coach shrugs off club 's first defeat this season .  german champion loses 1-0 to bavarian rival augsburg on saturday .  pep guardiola says next week 's clash with manchester united is `` life or death '' .  second-placed borussia dortmund is 20 points back despite winnin .
 report : u.s. , china dominate global billionaires <sec> world has at least 1,453 billionaires -half of whom reside in the u.s. and china .  but moscow is home to the most billionaires , according to the hurun global rich list .  billionaires have $ 5.5 trillion in personal wealth -- equivalent to the gdp of china .  asia is home to the most super-rich with 608 billionaires , hurun sai .
 for egyptian online warrior , father 's torture fueled activism <sec> young bloggers playing critical roles in revolutions in tunisia , egypt , bahrain .  mona seif 's parents are prominent , longtime human rights activists in egypt .  seif still documenting abuses , following plight of detainee .
 leading figures in soccer call on blatter to step down <sec> new : leading figures in the world of football , including beckham , criticize sepp blatter .  world soccer chief caused outrage by saying on-field racism does n't exist in the game .  uk sports minister hugh robertson said blatter 's views were morally `` indefensible '' .  manchester united 's rio ferdinand called remarks `` condescending .
 ecuador : bug recorded secret conversations inside london embassy <sec> ecuador says a hidden recording device was found inside its london embassy .  the `` spy microphone '' was placed in an electrical outlet , the foreign minister says .  he calls for british authorities to assist in ecuador 's investigatio .
 who will be this year 's top 10 cnn heroes ? <sec> the top 10 cnn heroes of 2012 will be revealed thursday at noon on cnn.com .  they will be honored at `` cnn heroes : an all-star tribute , '' which airs live december 2 .  who will be hero of the year ? .  you can cast your vote starting at noo .
 letterman , led zeppelin among those receiving kennedy center honors <sec> obama welcomes honorees at white house reception .  david letterman has been a late-night comedy host longer than anyone .  led zeppelin sold more than 100 million albums in the united states .  other honorees include dustin hoffman , guitarist buddy guy , ballerina natalia makarov .
 opinion : what happened to obama 's promise ? <sec> jon stewart expressed frustration of obama supporters over irs scandal .  obama has not delivered on promises to change washington , says julian zelizer .  he says obama , like other reform-minded presidents , chose to work within the system .  zelizer : some scandals have prodded politicians to push for transformative chang .
 rare abidal goal puts barcelona into last eight of spanish cup <sec> barcelona reach spanish cup quarterfinals on away goals after 1-1 draw at athletic bilbao .  substitute eric abidal scores the second goal of his career to put visitors ahead .  holders sevilla go through 8-3 on aggregate after beating malaga 3-0 .  deportivo la coruna beat second division cordoba 3-1 in extra-tim .
 taliban suspected of stockpiling 'missing ' afghan opium <sec> recent study revealed afghan opium production has dropped dramatically .  u.n. says this should be treated with caution as country has been over-producing .  taliban suspected of stockpiling large amounts of opium `` as credit '' .  u.s. has warned of growing link between taliban and the drug trad .
 caught in the middle : asian immigrants struggle to stay in america <sec> more than 1.3 million asians are undocumented in the u.s. ; many arrived here as children .  the asian population in the u.s. grew by more than 40 % between 2000 and 2010 .  the gang of eight in the senate is negotiating a sweeping immigration reform bil .
 military concerned for detainees ' sanity , records show <sec> records : official said detainee yaser hamdi 's sanity was faltering .  military officer requested help keeping prisoner from `` whacking out '' on him .  pentagon statement stresses that all detainees are treated `` humanely .
 commentary : a day to rejoice -- and recommit <sec> donna brazile : obama 's inauguration is a time for rejoicing and rededication .  brazile : hardly anyone took obama seriously as a candidate two years ago .  brazile : he did n't run as an african-american candidate but as a democrat .  brazile : we are perhaps ready to achieve what lincoln and the rev . .  king fought fo .
 confessions of a ... new york street-food vendor <sec> an anonymous new york street-food vendor answers the questions you want to know .  on cleanliness : `` our carts are so tiny , they 're simple to keep clean '' .  on customer service : `` it 's not my job to be right . .  it 's my job to make them happy .
 fox explains 'x factor ' shakeup , defends 'idol ' ratings <sec> `` american idol '' and `` x factor '' are the no . .  1 network 's most important shows .  fox executive on `` factor '' : `` there definitely will be lots of different changes in the show '' .  fox executive on `` idol '' : `` you never want to change the core of the show .
 nadal humiliates federer in french open final <sec> rafael nadal becomes second man to win four successive french open titles .  second seed crushes world no . .  1 roger federer 6-1 6-3 6-0 in paris final .  nadal has beaten federer in three successive finals at roland garros .  spaniard matches bjorn borg 's effort of successive titles from 1978-8 .
 cover story : in concert with controversy <sec> several pop stars have come under fire for performing for the family of libyan dictator .  ceo of agency says due diligence must be performed before stars head overseas .  marketing expert says fans feel drawn into politics if they support a star caught in scand .
 for lois lane statue , economy may be kryptonite <sec> illinois town came up with idea for lois lane statue in 2005 .  since then , the economy has taken a downturn and the funding is short .  town plans to go through with groundbreaking , despite the budget shortfal .
 ryanair ceo : airports unnecessary 'international shopping centers ' <sec> michael o'leary , ceo of ryanair , blames airports for hampering the aviation industry .  he believes airport operators charge too much in the current environment of low-cost flight .  he says airports provide too many services , passing on the cost on to passengers .  multiple airports serving major cities will encourage competition , he argue .
 desperation , dire times for migrants fleeing to europe <sec> the flow of migrants has increased significantly .  many travel on barely seaworthy vessels .  pope : `` we can not allow the mediterranean to become a vast cemetery .
 ryan seacrest near deal to host nbc 's 'million second quiz ' <sec> ew confirmed the `` idol '' host is close to inking a deal .  he would also serve as exec producer for a new reality series .  his production company is responsible for `` keeping up with the kardashians .
 cnn city tips : a very british london <sec> try the old-fashioned spaniards inn pub on hampstead heath for skyline views .  quest recommends a classic british tea at the newly renovated savoy hotel .  a pair of knickers from marks & spencer is a truly english souvenir , quest say .
 jonah hill apologizes for using homophobic slur <sec> hill says he was being followed by photographer making remarks about hill 's family .  actor says the disgusting word does n't represent his feelings about gay people .  a clip of the incident was posted on tmz .  hill is a two-time oscar nomine .
 bautista breaks top-three 's grip on motogp pole <sec> spanish motorcyclist alvaro bautista earns his first top-level pole position .  he will head the grid for sunday 's british grand prix at silverstone .  it is his team 's first pole position since marco simoncelli a year ago .  he breaks stranglehold of sport 's top three riders since assen last jun .
 'bombs for peace ' after slaughter in bosnia <sec> richard holbrooke first went to bosnia in 1992 in the early days of the war .  the former diplomat recommended using u.s. force against the bosnian serbs .  he watched as bosnia 's muslims suffered years of heartbreak and death .  in 1995 , after weeks of nato bombing , holbrooke negotiated an end to the wa .
 angelina jolie 's film bears witness to rape in war <sec> gayle lemmon : angelina jolie 's movie about bosnian war confronts war 's cruelty .  the movie shows how raping women has become a global weapon of war , lemmon says .  lemmon : horrific cruelty toward women used to humiliate , exercise power over opponents .  she says women must be part of peace processes and their plight acknowledge .
 slaves helped build white house , u.s. capitol <sec> obamas will make history as first african-american first family in white house .  slaves often worked seven days a week to build white house , u.s. capitol .  twelve presidents owned slaves ; eight owned slaves while in office .  historian : obamas moving into white house `` a very great and hopeful sign .
 imprisoned o.j . simpson testifies in bid for new trial <sec> simpson waives attorney-client privilege , but his new attorney is `` not worried '' .  the former football star is trying to get a new trial on robbery , assault , kidnapping charges .  simpson says he got poor advice from his lawyer in original trial .  prosecutors say there 's no merit to the clai .
 fiona apple at it again , reveals 23-word title to new album <sec> fiona apple 's back this year with another alarmingly long album title .  it 's 67 words shorter than than her last long-titled album .  the album , apple 's fourth does n't have a firm release date ye .
 mel brooks : a comedic torch to light the way <sec> comedy legend mel brooks is the subject of a new pbs documentary airing may 20 .  brooks may be working on a musical version of `` blazing saddles '' .  he says the key to a good joke is to always refer to the human conditio .
 dani alves winning racism fight with banana gesture <sec> dani alves targeted with banana 26 years after fruit hurled at john barnes .  ex-player garth crooks says progress has been made as players are now taking a stance .  pele believes that the alves incident is an isolated on .
 pm says australia should become republic <sec> new : opposition leader says the country 's current system of government is good .  pm julia gillard says queen elizabeth should be australia 's last monarch .  she wants australia to become a republic .  australia is currently a constitutional monarch .
 ferguson officer darren wilson in talks to resign <sec> wilson shot and killed teenager michael brown on august 9 .  sources : wilson has told associates he would resign to protect his fellow officers .  wilson does n't know what grand jury will do and could change his mind , sources sa .
 expanded profiling ban not for borders , airports <sec> screenings at ports of entry , including airports , are exempt from the profiling policy .  holder plans to brief state and local law enforcement officials .  he will urge them to adopt the federal policy in a speec .
 review : in 'american reunion , ' nostalgia is the most forgiving mistress <sec> the film 's greatest weakness and its secret strength is the unspoken appeal of a reunion .  jim is still married to michelle , but both are mired in parental sexual frustration .  younger newcomers ali cobrin , katrina bowen and dania ramirez get lots of screen tim .
 two maryland teenagers killed when train derails , spills coal <sec> two girls tweeted pictures shortly before crash .  a train passed behind them around midnight as they sat on the ledge of a bridge .  cars just behind the locomotives derailed , spilling coal on the girls .  ntsb handling investigation into acciden .
 u.n. secretary-general : sri lanka sites for the displaced 'appalling ' <sec> new : ban ki-moon says camp contains `` the most appalling scenes i have seen '' .  new : ban asks president to grant unrestricted access to humanitarian agencies .  about 250,000 to 300,000 people are refugees in the country , aid agencies say .  sri lankan government has declared victory in the country 's 25-year civil wa .
 north dakota mayor calls cresting of swollen river 'great news ' <sec> new : tornado sirens go off in minot , but there 's no sign of any twisters .  national weather service says the souris river 's crest will be below forecasts .  the worst is n't over , though , as rising waters prompted the evacuation of sawyer , north dakota .  the souris river has already topped its record crest from 188 .
 primark investigating 'forced labor ' notes found in clothes <sec> woman in northern ireland finds note in garment , allegedly from chinese prisoner .  two other cases involving the same retailer have been reported in wales in recent days .  primark is investigating all three incidents , but says circumstances are suspicious .  amnesty has documented prison labor camps in china in the pas .
 official : fort hood gunman claimed he was picked on by fellow soldiers <sec> the president and his wife will attend a memorial service wednesday .  spc . .  ivan lopez had recently asked to transfer , an official tells cnn .  investigators provide a detailed timeline of what they think happened .  lopez is accused of killing three people and injured 16 before taking his own life last wee .
 haitian immigrant wants to paint the world in lasting color <sec> rony delgarde reprocesses donated paint and ships it to organizations in developing countries .  delgarde founded the nonprofit global paint for charity in atlanta .  his goal is to rehabilitate and beautify struggling communities and protect the environment .  global paint is raising money for a machine to process large quantities of donated pain .
 turkish women rally against plans to restrict access to abortion <sec> last month turkish prime minister erdogan called abortion `` murder '' .  he has said turkish women should bear at least three children .  protesters carried signs including `` murder is outlawing abortion .
 sudanese model ataui deng found after nearly two weeks <sec> new : ataui-deng hopkins was found in a hospital , a police detective tells cnn .  she was last seen august 6 on manhattan 's west 48th street .  hopkins has been featured in vogue and worked with major designer .
 how to tip outside the states <sec> tipping conventions overseas can be vastly different from those in the united states .  more people at a hotel will potentially need to be tipped than anywhere else .  get small bills or coins from your hotel 's front desk to make tipping easie .
 dubai racecourse to be transformed into luxury mini-city <sec> meydan racecourse in dubai is being transformed in to a mini-city .  the site will feature man-made parks , lagoons , waterways , beaches and woodlands .  villas are expected to cost 40 % more than the dubai averag .
 former jetblue flight attendant sentenced to one year probation <sec> steven slater 's probation follows a mental health treatment program .  slater must still pay $ 10,000 in restitution to jetblue .  he became a celebrity after deploying an airplane 's emergency evacuation slid .
 heleno : the man who could have been pele ? <sec> heleno de freitas was one of brazil 's first soccer stars .  striker starred for botafogo in rio de janeiro in the 1940s , scoring over 200 goals .  heleno missed out on the 1950 world cup after pointing a gun at brazil 's coach .  he died aged just 39 after struggling with syphilis and drug problem .
 hacker claims responsibility for godaddy outage <sec> new : godaddy says most customer hosted sites are online .  godaddy sites went down on monday .  anonymous member claims responsibility for attack .  the company hosts 53 million domain name .
