 man united thump wigan as arsenal top table <sec> michael owen scores first goal for manchester united in 5-0 victory at wigan .  arsenal make it 10 goals in two games , beating portsmouth 4-1 to lead table .  emmanuel adebayor scores again for manchester city in 1-0 win over wolve .
 not as simple as good vs. evil : geeks take on bullying at comic-con <sec> author carrie goldman moderated the first anti-bullying panel at san diego comic-con .  goldman : `` even within geek culture , there is still a vast amount of peer victimization '' .  more pop culture cons need to start conversations about bullying , goldman says .  `` there is space for fun and games as well as tackling the more serious issues , '' she say .
 octuplets ' mom seeks online donations <sec> nadya suleman has created web site to solicit donations to help support 14 kids .  suleman , a mother of six , recently had octuplets .  suleman has rejected notions that she would not be able to care for childre .
 report : koreas exchange fire during north 's military exercises <sec> north korean military exercises see shelling into south korean waters ; south responds with artillery fire .  north warned south it will conduct military exercises off the country 's western coast .  north korea hints at further nuclear tests .  claim comes days after north 's test-firing of medium-range missiles into the se .
 appeals courts differ on obamacare <sec> new : one ruling goes against the government , another supports its position .  the rulings reignite the fierce political debate over obamacare .  for now , nothing changes until the cases completes the legal process .  the issue would impact those who signed up for obamacare on the federal exchang .
 punctuation gets high marks on holiday <sec> national punctuation day is september 24 .  a former newspaper reporter says he created the day to help educators .  people have celebrated by baking punctuation-shaped cookies and writing haik .
 lawyers : fbi tried to recruit boston marathon bomb suspect 's brother <sec> defense lawyers say fbi wanted tamerlan tsarnaev to be an informant .  the government has denied the allegation .  dzokhar tsarnaev is scheduled to be tried november .
 fergie hails 'very important ' victory over archrivals liverpool <sec> manchester united seven points clear in england after beating liverpool 2-1 at home .  victory gives alex ferguson 's united a season double over eighth-placed archrivals .  premier league champions manchester city keep pace with 2-0 victory at arsenal .  both teams have a player sent off , with arsenal 's laurent koscielny red-carded earl .
 dadt gone , but unequal treatment of gays still here <sec> laurence watts : dadt ending ; he can freely write about his gay servicemember partner .  he says dadt kept gay servicemembers from speaking out for fear of losing jobs .  he says many rights are still denied them , particularly for married same-sex couples .  watts : why should gay military who defended u.s. be denied equal access to benefits .
 150,000 people pressure apple to shut down 'gay cure ' app <sec> anti-gay christian organization exodus international created app .  petition started by non-profit lbgt advocacy organization truth wins out .  app reflects group 's belief that someone can be counseled away from homosexualit .
 rooney mara : south sudan 's hope survives ( opinion ) <sec> a year ago , war broke out in the world 's newest nation , south sudan .  rooney mara says war has ravaged nation but its people retain hope .  mara : u.s. is looked to as a nation that could be key in pushing for peac .
 from space , a link to god : pope speaks with astronauts <sec> pope benedict xvi speaks with the astronauts on saturday .  they talk about fighting on earth .  the pope acknowledges cmdr . .  mark kelly 's wife , gabrielle gifford .
 u.s. captain donovan in everton talks <sec> united states captain landon donovan is poised for a january switch to everton .  the english premier league club confirms talks are underway about a loan move .  the 27-year-old will lead his country in opening world cup group match against england .  he will join everton on january 2 if talks are successful and stay until mid-marc .
 inside the polls : voters evenly divided on most questions <sec> seven of eight national polls show race is in a dead heat .  others including issues , favorable ratings polls , show a razor-thin margin .  polls diverge by race , with 40 % of white voters for obama and 57 % for romney .  polls in battleground states -- where candidates are finishing their campaigns -- also are clos .
 apparently this matters : the beauty of big trucks <sec> 42-year-old richard janney is a legal recruiter outside chicago .  he started painting big trucks in the style of vincent van gogh .  his artwork became a surprise hit on the interne .
 skating with gandhi ... and tutu too <sec> longboard maker kent lingeveldt has used faces of mandela , gandhi , on his boards .  he 's set up alpha longboards , a cape town-brand producing personalized boards .  lingeveldt is also an award-winning photographe .
 kim dotcom : freedom campaigner in more ways than one <sec> entrepreneur wanted on u.s. copyright charges emerges as political player in new zealand .  kim dotcom is accused of making millions by encouraging users to upload copyrighted material .  charges relate to the megaupload site , among others , according to a 2012 indictment .  he lives in auckland , and formed a political party to campaign for internet freedo .
 for sale : one life in china <sec> 26-year-old chen xiao put her life online , asking people to fill it with tasks .  decision came when she discovered she did n't know what to do with her life .  charging $ 3 per hour , chen has attended births , met strangers among other tasks .  chen will not do anything illegal , immoral or violen .
 deterring and denying asylum seekers in australia <sec> australia has adopted increasingly punitive measures to deter asylum seekers .  azadeh dastyari says the measures `` repudiate the country 's reputation for fairness '' .  last year government introduced offshore processing , opened new detention centers .  amnesty has called the treatment of asylum seekers `` cruel , inhuman and degrading .
 clark howard : what you should know when borrowing for college <sec> interest on subsidized stafford loans picked up by government while in school .  next best options are unsubsidized stafford loans and plus loans with fixed rates .  howard warns against private student loan .
 iran test-fires new version of fateh missile <sec> the new version of the fateh missile has a longer range , iranian news outlets say .  defense minister denies missile is response to kuwait 's patriot missile purchase .  iran began fueling first nuclear energy plant at weekend , raising fears in wes .
 facing utah 's firing squad , killer supports death penalty <sec> condemned killer ronnie lee gardner testifies at commutation hearing .  he is schedule to be executed by firing squad on june 18 .  family members of victims differ on support of the death penalty .  utah board of pardons and parole will announce its decision on monda .
 5 killed in bombing at mogadishu hotel , official says <sec> 5 are dead , in addition to 15 wounded , government spokesman says .  the dead include a former acting envoy to britain , he adds .  the prime minister calls the bombing of the hotel a `` terrorist attack '' .  `` these terrorists will not defeat us but ( will ) make us stronger , '' he add .
 greeks fearful of what will follow u.s. elections <sec> greeks believe u.s. has no sway over europe 's economic crisis , says varoufakis .  many are worried the ecb could plan to kick greece out of euro after u.s. election .  varoufakis : crash of 2008 robbed america of much of its global authorit .
 obama continues chiding russia on gay rights <sec> president obama promotes western values against russian intolerance .  instead of targeting gays and lesbians , use laws to protect their rights , obama says .  his comments come a day before obama meets with pope francis .  the pope rejects gay marriage , but has talked about the rationale for civil union .
 south carolina police shooting victim : who was walter scott ? <sec> walter scott owed over $ 18,000 in back child support payments , documents show .  walter scott had four children and served in the coast guard , his brother says .  he was shot in the back and killed by a north charleston police office .
 syrian snipers target pregnant women , unborn babies , doctor says <sec> syrian snipers playing a `` targeting game , '' according to one volunteer doctor .  david nott said heavily pregnant women , children are being targeted .  on some days , the type of wounds are suspiciously similar , he said .  syria needs a safe corridor for aid and medical suppliers , nott sai .
 lawyer : 'wolf of wall street ' defamed me <sec> andrew greene 's lawsuit seeks more than $ 25 million damages from filmmakers .  movies portrays greene as `` a criminal , drug user , degenerate , '' lawsuit says .  suit criticizes the film for mocking green 's toupee in an `` egregiously offensive manner '' .  complaint says it 's `` readily apparent '' nicky `` rugrat '' koskoff is based on green .
 polygamist jeffs tried to hang himself in jail , documents say <sec> documents say after suicide attempt , jeffs repeatedly banged head on cell wall .  transcripts say jeffs confessed to `` immorality , '' said he is not `` the prophet '' .  jeffs ' attorneys say he has recanted statements .  jeffs due to be sentenced november 20 on accomplice to rape charg .
 girl 's death highlights allergy safety in schools <sec> a first-grader in virginia died of an allergic reaction january 2 .  there is no cure for food allergies .  about 8 % of u.s. children under 18 have at least one food allergy .  state laws vary on whether schools can stock epinephrin .
 writer shares journey to her 168-pound weight loss <sec> lynn bering reveals internal issues that prompted change .  she blogged to keep herself accountable and update family , friends .  bering journaled and shared her weight loss journey onlin .
 cnn student news - november 4 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 rooney joins list of phone-hacked celebs <sec> wayne rooney considers legal action against newspaper accused of hacking his phone .  england footballer reveals he has been handed information by police probing paper .  news of the world claimed rooney slept with prostitute while wife was pregnant .  manchester united star apologizes to fans for asking for a transfer last yea .
 tensions mount after tight venezuelan vote ; government says 7 killed <sec> capriles : `` the right to demand the counting of votes ... can not be a crime '' .  protesters bang pots and pans in a continued push for a recount .  7 people have died in post-election protests , state news agency reports .  maduro : `` if they continue with the violence , we can radicalize this revolution .
 prince william shows off his football skills on the queen 's lawn <sec> prince william shows off his football skills .  takes part in training session on a specially laid pitch at buckingham palace .  pitch was used for a match between two historic english football teams .  the duke of cambridge is president of english football associatio .
 blair , clinton swap tales before liberty medal ceremony <sec> former british premier will receive medal from nonprofit center .  clinton is board chairman of the national constitution center , giving the honor .  the two former leaders share memories , insights during a public appearanc .
 israel detains pro-palestinian activists <sec> new : 60 activists have been refused entry , a police official says .  1,500 to 2,000 palestinian suppporters want to fly in from europe , the u.s. and canada .  activists plan to go to events in bethlehem and other west bank cities , they say .  israel is sending some home with a saracastic letter about the regio .
 is russia 's annexation of crimea opportune or opportunistic ? <sec> russian president vladimir putin announces the annexation of ukraine 's crimea region .  admonition , sanctions pour in from the wes .
 ruthless leader aims to extend al-shabaab 's reach , eyes the west <sec> al-shabaab chief mukhtar abu zubayr has a reputation for being secretive , merciless .  zubayr , 36 , wants his group to be able to deliver devastating attacks beyond somalia .  last year , he formally declared al-shabaab an affiliate of al qaeda .  zubayr 's harsh tactics have led to dissent in his group , which he has ruthlessly suppresse .
 blackburn chase ronaldinho and beckham <sec> blackburn rovers have launched a bid to bring ac milan 's ronaldinho to england .  the club have also confirmed an offer is on the table for david beckham to come on loan .  manager steve kean says the double bid shows the club 's ambition .  indian poultry giants venky 's took control of the epl club in novembe .
 report : plane shot down in yemen <sec> new : eyewitnesses say the plane was attacking residential areas .  tv report blames three members of the opposition for shooting down the plane .  the incident comes as anti-government protests in yemen continu .
 kurdish students reportedly abducted by militants in syria <sec> teen boys reportedly held at school for sharia law .  kurdish official blames radical fighters isis .  international officials are asked to interven .
 queen elizabeth bars far-right leader from garden party <sec> new : nick griffin calls the ban an attack on democracy and uses it for fundraising .  the british national party leader `` blatantly politicized '' his invitation , buckingham palace says .  he asked readers of his website what he should say to the queen if , by some `` blunder , '' he met her .  he was convicted of inciting racial hatred but his sentence was suspende .
 nbc 's snyderman apologizes for violating quarantine <sec> `` we remain healthy and our temperatures are normal , '' she says .  cameraman mukpo is recovering .  snyderman was reportedly seen picking up takeout .  the team is now under a mandatory quarantin .
 pedro hat-trick rescues weakened barcelona <sec> barcelona beats getafe 5-2 to replace atletico madrid atop spain 's la liga .  getafe took a 2-0 lead at home but a pedro hat-trick gave barca a halftime advantage .  barcelona won despite missing the likes of lionel messi , neymar and xavi .  juventus maintained its five-point lead over roma in italy 's serie .
 russia 's sex slave industry thrives , rights groups say <sec> aid groups say booming economy has fueled demand for prostitutes in moscow .  nigerian woman forced into prostitution says her uncle lured her to moscow .  `` he made me know that if i do n't cooperate ... it would end in taking my life '' .  russian police admit human trafficking for sexual exploitation is a major proble .
 five questions : cindy adams <sec> gossip columnist says too many people `` thought they were important '' in denver .  `` i just want mccain to have an equal shot '' like obama , adams says .  adams also shares her thoughts on sarah palin and the election 's outcom .
 iraqi corruption showdown brewing <sec> new : rep. henry waxman demands documents on iraq contractor .  waxman accuses state department of covering up `` an epidemic of corruption '' .  state department says it will provide information if it is kept classified .  ex-iraqi official estimates the total lost to corruption at $ 18 billio .
 boko haram posts video purporting to show beheadings <sec> a video posted by boko haram shows the apparent beheading of two men .  the video is similar in style and content to beheading videos posted by isis .  `` it 's clear boko haram is leaning toward isis , '' says an expert who monitors boko hara .
 leaders of 2 sudans agree to temporary administration of diputed oil-rich region <sec> the presidents of the two sudans agreed to temporary arrangements with abyei .  abyei is a disputed oil-rich region claimed by both countries .  as part of the agreement , there will be a police service and an administrative counci .
 exclusive : sudan apostasy woman 's 'brother ' says she should repent or die <sec> man claims to be brother of christian woman sentenced to death for apostasy in sudan .  al-samani al-hadi says the woman he claims is his sister should recant or be executed .  woman 's husband says he had never seen al-hadi before his wife 's trial began .  western leaders have decried the verdict and asked khartoum to free the woma .
 medal of honor recipient says award is for his fallen brothers <sec> staff sgt . .  ryan m. pitts fought off insurgents with grenades in 2008 afghan battle .  pitts asks americans to remember the heroes -- the men who died that day .  president obama extolled the former sergeant 's humility and loyalty .  pitts said he was profoundly changed by his battle experienc .
 oil from spill fouls brazilian beach <sec> the oil is on a beach in rio de janeiro state .  the spill is from a japanese-operated oil rig .  brazil plans to develop more offshore oil platforms .  it wants to be the world 's third largest oil producer by 202 .
 secrets to the most popular cruise ports <sec> st. thomas is one of the world 's busiest cruise ports and a mecca for duty-free shopping .  st maarten is the smallest island governed by two countries .  surrounded by mountains and the sea , juneau , is accessible only by water or ai .
 grace holds off boyhood heroes els and goosen to win in george <sec> branden grace wins volvo golf champions event in south africa after a play-off .  grace holds off south african legends ernie els and retief goosen to claim title .  south african grace also won last week 's johannesburg open on european tour .  grace made birdie on the first extra hole to take the troph .
 egypt remains on edge during wait for election results <sec> speculation increases on who won presidential runoff .  the military says all should abstain from acts that spur chaos .  the military criticizes the announcement of unofficial results .  ahmed shafik and mohamed morsi both have claimed victor .
 tiger woods 'excited ' by return to competitive action <sec> tiger woods says he has recovered from back injury .  woods will make his competitive return at the quicken loans national .  the 38-year-old woods missed the masters and the u.s. open .  the third major of the season -- the british open -- starts on july 1 .
 amazon chief plans to recover apollo engines from seafloor <sec> amazon.com founder jeff bezos wants to recover engines that propelled apollo 11 .  each saturn v engine weighs nearly 9 tons , and they came in a cluster of five .  rockets have been underwater since apollo 11 went to the moon in 196 .
 home-grown rap finds a fan base in china <sec> yu jialang is one of china 's emerging home-grown rappers .  fans say hip-hop allows a younger generation to express their individuality .  lyrics are often about social problems and city life .  an underground genre , there is little money to be mad .
 uk 's skin bleaching trade exposed <sec> illegal skin bleaching products a `` major problem '' among ethnic groups in uk .  skin bleaching common practice in americas , africa , asia and now europe .  psychologists blame `` colorism '' on media 's focus on fair-skinned blacks .  dermatologists say abusing products can be dangerous over tim .
 pakistan releases imprisoned indian fishermen <sec> 179 fishermen are released after apparently straying into pakistani waters .  the mistake is common by fishermen from the contentious neighboring countries .  some of those released saturday were imprisoned as long as a yea .
 meg whitman offers to take polygraph test on maid charges <sec> new : lawyer shows a 2003 letter she calls the `` smoking document '' .  new : former housekeeper says note on the letter was whitman 's husband 's handwriting .  meg whitman denies she or her husband ever saw the federal letter .  the california gop nominee for governor calls it a `` political smear .
 spain 's wines : bringing silver lining to aging gracefully <sec> alvaro palacios gained international fame for two red wines , finca dofi , about $ 100 a bottle , and l'ermita , about $ 1,000 a bottle .  palacios has built a $ 16-million business in three spanish wine regions rioja , priorat and bierzo .  most of palacios ' wine from these three appellations costs $ 18 a bottle or les .
 if romney planned a buyout of america ... <sec> imagine former private equity exec mitt romney approached election as corporate buyout .  macintosh says the buyout team would `` run the numbers '' on america .  macintosh : since taxpayers are captive , there 's a lot of potential to raise `` prices '' .  macintosh : but unlike most businesses , the customers with the most pay the lowest rate .
