 nfl talks extended for 24 hours <sec> negotiations extension averts lockout , for now .  nfl owners and players are negotiating a new collective bargaining agreement .  a federal mediator is overseeing the talks .  without an agreement , a lockout and litigation are likel .
 pope francis ditches bulletproof popemobile <sec> pope francis says the enclosed , bulletproof popemobile walls him off from the people .  `` let 's face it , at my age i do n't have much to lose , '' he tells a spanish newspaper .  francis says benedict 's retirement was a `` great gesture , '' does not rule out doing sam .
 officials : another bone found on kidnapping suspects ' property <sec> new : radar shows irregularities in yard where cadaver dogs alerted .  new : another bone found as crews broke up concrete on the property .  phillip and nancy garrido are accused of abducting jaycee dugard .  ilene misheloff ,13 , went missing in 1989 and michaela garecht , 9 , in 198 .
 israel-gaza truce reached , this time with no expiration date <sec> a senior israeli official says he 's `` not confident '' the ceasefire will hold .  u.n. spokesman says root causes of crisis must be addressed .  israel says hamas finally accepted framework it rejected ; hamas declares victory .  deal includes easing blockade , extending fishing limit , egyptian official say .
 opinion : how you can travel back in time <sec> artist rachel sussman 's book , `` the oldest living things , '' comes out on earth day .  sussman : when i visited japan i saw a very old tree that inspired my project .  she says environment is important , and urges all of us to fight climate chang .
 webber targets maiden f1 title in 2011 <sec> mark webber aiming to end his formula one title drought in the upcoming season .  red bull driver finished third in 2010 after leading most of the season .  webber 's teammate sebastian vettel won the drivers ' championship .  australian says his relationship with vettel is 'pretty good .
 federer and murray ease past opponents <sec> roger federer enjoys comfortable opening 6-1 6-4 victory over spain 's david ferrer .  andy murray sees off robin soderling in straight sets in opening match at atp finals .  soderling struggled to find the form which saw him rise above murray in world rankings .  bryan brothers win first group a doubles matc .
 dick cheney released from hospital <sec> dick cheney has been released from a virginia hospital .  he was recovering from a heart transplant .  cheney , 71 , suffered from at least five heart attacks since 1978 .  the former wyoming congressman served as a vice president under president george w. bus .
 analysts seek match on jihadist 's voice in isis video <sec> u.s. intelligence officials are analyzing the voice on a isis video .  they are comparing it with the voices of people being watched , officials told cnn .  the 55-minute video released by isis shows the jihadist leading a mass execution .  in the video , jihadist speaks first in arabic , then in englis .
 parents of girl waiting for transplant ask sebelius to intervene <sec> sarah murnaghan 's parents asking hhs secretary to change transplant rules .  sarah is waiting for a lung transplant , could die within weeks .  a twist in the child transplant rules prevents her from receiving modified adult lung .
 inside the jonestown massacre <sec> in 1978 , 909 americans were led to mass murder-suicide by rev . .  jim jones .  one-third of the dead at jonestown were children ; only 33 people survived .  jones was a self-appointed minister and phony faith healer from the midwest .  unlike his followers , jones was shot in the head , probably by a trusted aid .
 farcical scenes as antigua test abandoned <sec> second test in antigua has been abandoned after only 10 deliveries bowled .  heavily-sanded outfield made it impossible for bowlers to run up to the crease .  the match will resume on sunday at different ground and will be the third tes .
 heavy snow sparks travel chaos in northern europe <sec> travel chaos reigns across northern europe amid harsh winter weather .  blizzard conditions have closed airports from northern ireland to bulgaria .  cold temperatures are caused by arctic air flowing into southern latitudes .  more snow is expected in the u.k. , germany and franc .
 how phones work in flight <sec> new reports claim cell towers recorded the phone of the co-pilot of mh 370 .  there are a number of factors that determine if and when phones can work from airplanes .  location , speed , on-board technology and altitude could all affect cell service in the ai .
 arsenal beat villa to top epl once again <sec> arsenal win 2-1 at aston villa to regain control of the english premier league .  first-half goals from olivier giroud and jack wilshere prove too much for villa .  inter stumble in italy again , drawing 1-1 at home to veron .
 troubled terry saves chelsea from tottenham defeat <sec> john terry 's late goal-line clearance earns chelsea a 1-1 draw at tottenham .  terry captained london side a day after being charged by police for racist abuse .  defeat would have left chelsea five points behind their third-placed epl rivals .  barcelona and valencia cruise into the last 16 of spain 's copa del re .
 lucky 13th as wozniacki extends copenhagen winning run <sec> caroline wozniacki into semifinals of wta tournament in copenhagen .  top seed wins 13th straight match at event in beating alize cornet 6-0 6-3 .  jelena jankovic to play anqelique kerber in other semifinal .  jennifer capriati elected to tennis hall of fam .
 olympic mascots : cute or creepy ? <sec> introducing wenlock and mandeville : london 2012 's olympic poster-creatures .  `` digital age '' mascots feature giant eyes , metallic finish and sci-fi genetics .  are they the cutting edge of design or just plain creepy ? .  product launch sparks spoof reviews on amazon of sinister toys taking ove .
 arrests made in ring that sold human fat , peru says <sec> peruvian authorities reported to have arrested gang who are selling human fat .  officials investigating disappearances of at least 60 people .  two suspects arrested with a plastic container with human fat in i .
 lithuania denies report it hosted secret cia prisons <sec> lithuanian lawmakers reported tuesday the country hosted cia `` black sites , '' group says .  amnesty international says report shows lithuania took part in `` extraordinary rendition '' .  lithuanian foreign ministry denies the report in wednesday statement .  cia spokesman refuses to confirm or deny , says `` terrorist detention program is over .
 a few firsts and some sassy quips at the screen actors guild awards <sec> new : the cast of `` argo '' wins for best cast in a motion picture .  new : daniel day-lewis and jennifer lawrence win lead acting categories .  sunday night marked the 19th annual screen actors guild award .
 greene : the woman who wrote liberty valance <sec> dorothy marie johnson yearned to break into the boy 's club of western story writers .  her story `` the man who shot liberty valance '' was turned into a film with top hollywood stars .  greene : she knew how to draw readers into a tale and keep them hanging until the en .
 forget cappuccino , dubai drinkers get a taste for camel-ccino <sec> camel milk is used in lattes , milkshakes , chocolate and cheese in dubai .  bedouins have drunk camel milk for centuries , but commercial production is new .  `` camelicious '' bottled milk is produced at a huge farm on the outskirts of duba .
 obama nominates new director of national intelligence <sec> obama taps air force lt. gen james clapper as new dni .  clapper now a top pentagon intelligence official .  if confirmed , he 'll be nation 's fourth dni in last five years .  obama wants swift confirmatio .
 scientists dig for lessons from past pandemics <sec> cdc 's national pandemic strategy rooted in lessons of past epidemics .  in four past pandemics , mild spring outbreak was followed by virulent fall sickness .  expert : if its true this time , could allow time to develop effective vaccin .
 protests spread far beyond ferguson <sec> nation responds to grand jury decision in ferguson .  protests , vigils planned in at least 120 cities , large and small .  emotions boil over as crowds march in new york city , shout in philadelphi .
 first rocky planet found outside solar system <sec> the planet , known as corot-7b , was detected early last year .  it took months to determine that it had a composition roughly similar to earth 's .  the planet is about five times more massive than earth .  astronomer : it is so close to the star it orbits that it may `` look like dante 's inferno .
 new app helps you fight parking tickets <sec> a new app , fixed , will contest parking tickets on a driver 's behalf .  users submit a photo of their ticket and the app handles the legal paperwork .  if fixed gets someone out of a ticket , it charges them 25 % of the ticket fine .  fixed is rolling out in san francisco first but hopes to expand to more citie .
 big deal : you can be fat and fit <sec> marilyn wann : study confirms fat is not a death sentence , and overweight people live longer .  wann denied health coverage because of her size ; she became an activist afterward .  wann : fat people continually get misdiagnosed , receive poor health care because of bias .  wann : doctors finding new health at every size approach provides better car .
 pregnant and addicted , mothers find hope <sec> serenity place in south carolina caters treatment programs to pregnant addicts .  south carolina has been known to prosecute women in their third trimester .  a pregnant ashley hendrix sought treatment earlier this year for her addiction .  `` if these women do n't get this treatment , they are going to die , '' a counselor say .
 apple updates ipods , adds itunes 'in the cloud ' <sec> ipods , while overshadowed by the iphone 4s , got freshened up by apple .  the ipod nano and touch both saw price cuts .  apple unveiled 16 new `` clock faces '' for the nano -- including the time-honored mickey mouse .  icloud will integrate with new operating system , let users store music , videos on remote server .
 father gets 3 life sentences for killing 3 daughters <sec> aaron schaffhausen killed his three daughters , ages 5 to 11 , last year .  judge : the three life sentences must be stacked , not served concurrently .  schaffhausen 's attorney says his client suffers from mental illnes .
 american father in custody case released from japanese jail <sec> indictment against christopher savoie `` on hold , '' japanese police say .  savoie jailed in japan for trying to take kids .  noriko savoie granted custody of children , later fled to japan .  christopher savoie was steps away from u.s. consulate when he was arreste .
 son of former revolutionary guard chief found dead in dubai hotel <sec> ahmad rezaie was found dead inside his hotel gloria hotel room .  his father 's website calls the death `` suspicious , '' tying it to a deadly blast near tehran .  a dubai police official says that there is no criminal suspicion .  ahmad 's father , mohsen , is head of iran 's expediency council and an ex-presidential hopefu .
 'significant new information ' found in nevada air race crash probe <sec> new : the downed plane had video and data recording devices , a ntsb official says .  new : some of the data was transmitted , and several memory cards have been found .  new : the pilot did not send a `` mayday '' call , as had previously been reported .  more of the 9 people killed in friday 's crash were identified sunda .
 fda shuts down 1,677 online pharmacies <sec> sites shut down for selling counterfeit or substandard medication , fda says .  officials arrested 58 people and seized more than $ 41 million worth of illegal medicines .  many websites had names that could be confused with legitimate pharmacy retailer .
 good and evil : the voices of 'transformers ' <sec> peter cullen voiced optimus prime in the original `` transformers '' animated series .  `` it became quite evident that ( voicing this character ) was a responsibilityl , '' he said .  he came up with the voice because of his brother larry , an officer in the marine corps .
 spinal tap takes off the wigs <sec> harry shearer , christopher guest and michael mckean performing as themselves .  trio has been spinal tap , the folksmen in different movies .  shearer : `` we 're approaching [ songs ] as ourselves and not as these characters .
 in syria , protests mutate to armed resistance amid economic meltdown <sec> opposition to the al-assad regime is becoming more organized and armed .  violence is also taking on sectarian overtones .  along with the increased violence , the syrian economy is worsenin .
 opinion : what is the north korean riddle ? <sec> north korea had fired artillery shells into the sea near the border with south korea .  frida ghitis : north korea is simultaneously threatening , bizarre and brutal .  she says it 's tempting to ignore north korea 's antics as bluster , as empty threats .  ghitis : but by firing missiles , threatening neighbors , it is volatile and dangerou .
 facebook mobile users surpass desktop users for first time <sec> facebook announced its latest earnings on wednesday .  for the first time there are more mobile active users than people checking facebook on the web .  the company is getting better at making money off of mobile as well , with a boom in mobile ad .
 indiana woman critical after tiger grips her head in its mouth <sec> the victim was cleaning cages when a worker nearby heard her screaming .  the 18-year-old tiger named raja was eventually lured away with food .  the victim , who is in her early twenties , was air lifted to an indianapolis hospita .
 gregory david roberts : story-telling adventurer <sec> author of `` shantaram '' , the global best-seller based on his own experiences .  the australian worked in slums of mumbai and came into contact criminal elements .  eventful life has included jail term for armed robbery and fighting in afghanista .
 powerful cyclone slams into flood-hit queensland <sec> new : queensland emergency minister : more than 170,000 homes are without power .  new : australian officials say it could take weeks for power to be restored in some areas .  new : tropical cyclone yasi is now a category 2 storm .  the storm had strengthened to the highest level on australia 's cyclone classification syste .
 opinion : want ethics or your organic foods ? <sec> david perry says an organic food producer , eden foods , is at center of contest over religion .  he says the company 's products appeal to progressives , but its policies on contraception do n't .  retailers like whole foods have resisted calls to drop the line of products .  perry : this is n't just about politics , but about ethical value .
 atlantis blasts off towards space station <sec> new : the space shuttle atlantis blasted off monday on schedule at 2:28 p.m . .  et .  shuttle launched on schedule from the kennedy space center near cape canaveral .  the delivery of key spare parts will add years to the space station 's life .  the space shuttle fleet is to be retired next yea .
 ferguson police officers quit ; court clerk fired <sec> 2 ferguson police officers resign over racist emails , city spokesman says .  earlier this week , the city 's top court clerk was fired over the emails , spokesman say .
 when flatsharing is the only option <sec> 15 % of people living in london share their homes with people they are not related to .  with higher rents in many cities , people who are 40 and more are forced to shar .
 military joins search for oklahoma tornado victims <sec> national guard troops use thermal imaging to search for survivors in rubble .  air force firefighting crews among first responders in oklahoma .  u.s. army base to be staging area for federal emergency response .  no active duty army forces deployed yet for tornad .
 50 arrested in occupy wall street demonstration <sec> those arrested attempted to scale a fence belonging to a church , nypd spokesman says .  the arrests `` may have stymied plans to cut through the fence on multiple sides , '' police say .  church rector says the lot is un-equipped for a winter encampment .  occupy spokesman expresses disappointment with the church 's positio .
 world 's strangest laws <sec> singapore has tough policies against chewing gum and graffiti .  pigeon-feeding is not tolerated in venice because the birds damage old buildings .  you must keep your headlights on at all times while driving in denmark .  if you break one of these laws it 's best to get an attorney involved , lawyer say .
 peru purges national police <sec> the peruvian president sacked 30 out of 55 police generals .  the new chief says corruption will not be tolerated .  the move was about reorganization , the interior minister say .
 prominent attorney william ginsburg dead at 70 , family says <sec> ginsburg dead at 70 , his family says .  he became well-known during the lewinsky scandal .  the attorney tried more than 300 cases in 21 state .
 qatar warned over world cup labor laws <sec> human rights watch issues warning over employment laws for migrant workers ahead of 2022 world cup in qatar .  qatari labor ministry denies that workers are being exploited . .  qatari government has vowed to make changes to existing system .  fifa pledges to raise worker rights issues with government .
 friends laud sotloff 's talent , heart <sec> new : steven sotloff 's `` interest in journalism was evident , '' school says .  sotloff 's family and friends had to keep his disappearance a secret .  sotloff life threatened in an isis video of james foley 's murder .  friends describe his `` incredible '' gift for writing on international issue .
 record-breaker lydia ko : u.s. college first , pro tour later <sec> lydia ko became the youngest ever lpga tour winner on sunday .  the 15-year-old is the first amateur to win on the tour since joanne carter in 1969 .  new zealander 's non-professional status means she missed out on $ 300,000 prize money .  south korea-born ko plans to remain amateur and attend college in the u.s .
 new york police : bikers stomped on suv driver <sec> lawyer says reginald chance was a victim and did n't take part in the beating .  one biker stomped on the suv driver 's head and body , police said .  source : an off-duty police officer was among motorcyclists who saw the incident .  police : the suv driver plowed into three bikers while fleeing , critically injuring on .
 maze joins vonn in skiing 's elite class <sec> tina maze becomes sixth woman skier to win a race in all five world cup disciplines .  slovenian joins a group headed by lindsey vonn after winning super g in st. anton .  the 29-year-old moves 550 points clear in the overall world cup standings .  marcel hirscher extends his overall lead in the men 's world cup with slalom victor .
 after the storm : midwesterners try to recover after deadly tornadoes <sec> eight people were killed , including six in illinois and two in michigan .  120 people were injured in the city of washington , illinois .  more than half a million people were without power in the midwest early tuesda .
 somali prime minister reports speaking with french hostage <sec> omar abdirashid ali sharmarke reported hostage said he was in good health .  two french nationals abducted tuesday by gunmen from their hotel .  sharmarke said they were kidnapped by militant group hizbul islam .  the two advisers had apparently told the hotel they were journalist .
 'homer ' simpson revels in first tour win <sec> webb simpson clinched his first pga tour title at the wyndham championship .  simpson won by three-shots at the tournament in his native north carolina .  former world number one and three-time major winner vijay singh tied for fourt .
 vatican : pope not resigning over alleged papers leak <sec> vatican says reports that the pope will step down `` have no foundation in reality '' .  the pope 's butler is suspected of taking confidential documents , leaking them to journalist .  the butler probably will seek monitored surveillance or house arrest , the vatican says .  some say the scandal sheds light on a covert power struggle in the catholic churc .
 russell brand : `` lawbreaker , line-crosser , madman , genius '' <sec> russell brand 's sordid past includes drug addiction , arrests and womanizing .  brand on marriage : `` i love the companionship and the friendship and the consistency '' .  actor on `` arthur '' : `` beautiful way of updating a very traditional and archetypal story .
 why reining in google is good for us <sec> douglas rushkoff : european commission , ftc challenging google over monopoly .  he says it 's familiar because same thing happened to microsoft 14 years ago .  he says charges are google using search control to push its services over competitors .  rushkoff : attack on google from above may end up protecting our interests here , down belo .
