 zac brown band serves up dinner and a show <sec> grammy-winning musician wanted a better experience for some fans at his shows .  brown : `` we 're eating with them and serving them , hanging out with them '' .  chef rusty hamlin thrives on pressure of whipping up meals for 150 .  no pictures or autographs ; brown says it takes away from really listening to each othe .
 hazard confirms he is joining chelsea as petr cech signs new deal <sec> belgian playmaker eden hazard reveals on twitter he is to join english club chelsea .  the lille midfielder had also held talks with manchester city and manchester united .  hazard won the french league title with lille in 2011 and scored 20 goals this season .  chelsea announce goalkeeper petr cech has signed a new four-year contrac .
 as snow slows , officials warn of icy roads in pacific northwest <sec> new : officials say falling temperatures will make roads dangerous for drivers .  a cnn affiliate shows images of overturned vehicles and collapsed carports .  the storms could be among the area 's 10 worst since record-keeping began in the 1940s .  officials warn of treacherous travel condition .
 gop establishment 1 , tea party 0 after north carolina senate primary <sec> clay aiken holds a slim lead in u.s. house race in north carolina .  thom tillis says the `` primary mission '' is `` to beat kay hagan '' .  the north carolina house speaker wins his gop primary for u.s. senate .  tillis bested several tea party candidates and won establishment endorsement .
 kkk-linked florida prison guards charged in murder plot <sec> the men are current or former florida prison guards .  they are charged with one count of conspiracy to commit murde .
 kendrick johnson family holds rally , files complaint on missing organs <sec> rally at capitol draws scores of protesters wanting answers about teen 's death .  kendrick johnson was found dead in a gym mat at his high school in january .  family demands investigation into why their son 's body was stuffed with newspaper .  family : autopsy showed `` all of our son 's inner organs , including his brain , were missing .
 uk : children involved in terrorism <sec> uk intel chief says children as young as 15 involved in terrorist-related activity .  jonathan evans : at least 2,000 people in britain who pose threat to security .  mi5 chief said the actual number could be double tha .
 no bail for florida man charged after baby thrown from car <sec> richard anthony mctear jr. threatened `` to kill the both of y'all , '' baby 's mother says .  mctear , 21 , threw child across room , then out of car , authorities say .  a motorist found the baby boy on interstate 275 in tampa , florida , around 4:30 a.m . .  mctear , who was not related to boy , faces charges of first-degree murder , kidnappin .
 weight loss success : 'big ben ' loses 145 pounds <sec> ben boukari loses 145 pounds with a strict low-carb diet .  high-intensity workouts help whip boukari into shape .  refusing to `` cheat '' helps boukari make his diet a lifestyle chang .
 looking back at tv 's one-episode wonders <sec> the cw canceled `` the beautiful life '' last week after just two episodes .  still , that places the series ahead of some of television 's one-hit wonders .  the list starts in with cbs 's 1961 show `` you 're in the picture '' .  reality shows and scripted series alike have received the `` one episode and out '' boo .
 regular flu season precautions advised in current outbreak <sec> take standard flu season precautions to avoid infection , cdc advises .  chief risk factor is traveling to areas where swine flu has been identified .  no vaccine for new strain exists but antiviral drugs can shorten duratio .
 karadzic : psychiatrist-turned 'butcher of bosnia ' <sec> karadzic was a psychiatrist who came to be nicknamed the `` butcher of bosnia '' .  he was the bosnian serb political leader during the 1992-1995 war .  troops under his leadership are reported to have massacred 100,000 people .  he was indicted by the u.n. tribunal for war crimes and genocid .
 debts , drugs , messy bedroom highlighted in michael jackson trial <sec> conrad murray was $ 1 million in debt when he took the job as michael jackson 's doctor .  a las vegas man told police murray 's negligence caused his father 's death .  katherine jackson told investigators her family `` attempted several interventions '' .  part of thursday 's testimony in the civil trial focused on the pop icon 's messy bedroo .
 spain floods claim 10 lives <sec> flash floods have killed 10 people in southern spain .  one victim was a nine-year-old girl , another is believed to be her grandfather .  heavy rain continued to fall across the andalucia region on saturda .
 recession bites into tv chef gordon ramsay 's profits <sec> turnover by gordon ramsay holdings drops from $ 68m to $ 57m .  pre-tax profits plummet by over $ 4.9m to $ 627,000 .  over-ambitious expansion plans , restaurant closures blamed .  ramsay currently owns nine restaurants in londo .
 bush arrives in tanzania bearing gift to fight poverty <sec> president bush signs aid compact with tanzania during africa tour .  president , first lady visiting five nations during six-day visit to the region .  benin thanked president bush for anti-aids efforts , other u.s. help saturday condoleezza rice will visit kenya to back efforts to end political crisis ther .
 some immigration detainees back in custody weeks after release <sec> more than two dozen detainees who were released are back behind bars , ice says .  ice : they were detained again after new violations or the discovery of additional info .  authorities have said the controversial release of more than 2,000 detainees will cut costs .  critics have said criminals are being let loose , putting americans at ris .
 who wins most from u.s.-eu trade pact ? <sec> worth up to around $ 280 billion , the agreement will cement an alliance between the two blocs .  both partners are betting it will add generously to the 13 million or so jobs that depend on transatlantic trade .  but stronger u.s.-eu ties risk alienating large emerging economies that have been deliberately exclude .
 state of the union to offer a 'blueprint ' for the economy <sec> new : a source says president obama will propose tax reform , clean energy incentives .  obama 's address will focus on manufacturing , energy , education and values .  sources : obama will discuss `` insourcing , '' or bringing back jobs from overseas .  this will be the president 's third state of the union addres .
 death of soccer star benitez leaves family , fans reeling <sec> ermen benitez tells cnn en espaã±ol the family is awaiting medical reports .  christian benitez died suddenly monday at the age of 27 .  the forward passed away just a day after making debut for qatari side el jaish .  death prompts outpouring of emotion on twitter for former birmingham playe .
 survive the september asthma 'epidemic ' <sec> asthma hospitalizations peak 17 days after labor day , studies show .  outdoor and indoor allergens can work together to create `` perfect storm '' for asthma .  contagious viral infections can also play a role when kids go back to schoo .
 glasgow derby off following death <sec> glasgow derby between celtic and rangers on wednesday is postponed .  decision made as a mark of respect after death of ex-player phil o'donnell .  motherwell 's home game against celtic next sunday was already called of .
 author jailed for insulting thai king <sec> australian author jailed for insulting thai king in a book .  harry nicolaides jailed for three years ; cut from six for his guilty plea .  he was arrested last year , three years after the book was first published .  defense lawyers deciding whether to appeal or ask for a royal pardo .
 globetrotting jockey who conquered flat-racing world <sec> ryan moore is generally regarded as the finest jockey in flat racing in the world currently .  a former footballer in his youth , the diehard arsenal fan was a relative latecomer to riding .  moore is uk monarch 's go-to jockey when it comes to big race .
 4 tibetans burn themselves as chinese leaders meet <sec> two of the protesters die .  self-immolation is a common form of protest for tibetans .  they want genuine autonomy from chin .
 yangjiang group : china 's iconoclastic calligraphers <sec> while ai wei wei struggles with the censors , china 's avant garde artists remain a force in the country .  the yangjiang group , unlike many chinese contemporary artists , live and work in their hometown .  the group , who specialise in chinese calligraphy , say they do their best work when they are drunk .  the group has a growing international reputation and their provocative works go under the radar in chin .
 opinion : what 's wrong with outlawing bullying ? <sec> danny cevallos : i respectfully dissent with mark o'mara on issue of bullying laws .  cevallos : anti-bullying legislation encroaches upon freedom of speech .  he says such laws invite costly litigation and give kids blemished juvenile records .  cevallos : laws are not the cure for every social ill , no matter how good they see .
 ebola outbreak : canada to donate vaccines <sec> new : canada to offer who up to 1,000 doses of experimental ebola vaccine .  who panel : it is ethical to offer unproven medication to try to fight ebola .  pair who took an experimental drug appear to be improving , but one man who took it died .  sample doses of the experimental drug zmapp are on their way to liberi .
 saudi-led coalition pounds yemen with airstrikes <sec> yemeni president hadi arrives in egypt for arab league summit .  airstrikes pound sanaa on friday night .  the strikes target the houthis , who are shiite muslims backed by ira .
 poll : obamacare not a huge influence in midterm <sec> a new poll shows little interest in obamacare from midterm voters .  voters cared more about party identification and individual candidates ' platform .
 the inspirational cross-dresser of tokyo <sec> japanese society is generally quite traditional and conservative .  following an alternative lifestyle can be difficult , but hideaki kobayashi took the plunge a few years ago .  dressed as a uniform-clad schoolgirl , he gets a lot of attention , both positive and negative .  he 's been held up as an example of being true to yoursel .
 your e-mails : remembering the 'croc hunter ' <sec> 'crocodile hunter ' steve irwin died one year ago today .  worldwide vigils , memorial services after his death .  cnn.com asked readers for their thoughts on the anniversary .  share your own memories and stories through i-repor .
 college designers compete for top solar home crown <sec> solar decathlon europe brings together university teams from around the world .  the 19 small houses that run solely on solar power were built over two weeks .  the public can tour the houses at villa solar for free .  many of the teams have plans to sell their houses commerciall .
 israeli hospital treats wounded from syria <sec> israeli hospital is treating seven people injured in the civil war in syria .  the hospital `` can not confirm '' whether they are from the opposition or the military .  they are under guard for protection .  at least 61 people were killed sunday in the war in syria , according to an opposition grou .
 why wo n't the european central bank save europe ? <sec> ecb 's primary mandate is to control inflation through interest rate changes .  ecb has been buying italian bonds since august to try to keep yields low .  the bank has repeatedly said the bond-buying program is a temporary measur .
 analysts blame faulty assumptions for prolonged libya war <sec> an air war alone is not enough , say some analysts .  but without ground troops , what is the end game ? .  some fear a protracted war that could go on for months .  a libyan analyst says self-determination is ke .
 deval patrick : romney did n't keep his promises in massachusetts <sec> massachusetts governor : romney failed to deliver as governor .  he says state 's economy suffered , and romney did n't reform state government .  patrick : his major achievement , health care law , is one he now shuns discussing .  he says romney 's record reflects a view that government is a problem , not a solutio .
 greece prepares to sell off state assets to get loans <sec> new : european council president says a national consensus is needed .  airports , highways , banks and more are for sale as greece tries to raise billions of euros .  euro zone ministers say new loans are contingent on greece raising money through privatization .  talks on a second bailout package follow three weeks of street protests and political upheava .
 is there a link between homosexuality and church abuse ? <sec> there is no scientific evidence to link gay men and child molesters .  mri research shows distinct differences in brain structure between the two .  pedophilia/hebephilia is not a temporary state from which one can become a typical gay ma .
 sources : u.s. believes israel has conducted an airstrike into syria <sec> sources say a strike mostly likely occurred in the thursday-friday time frame .  the u.s. does not believe israeli warplanes entered syrian airspac .
 bangladesh : fewer officers missing after mutiny <sec> number of army officers missing after mutiny is six , down from earlier estimate of 72 .  confusion arose because no one was certain how many officers were involved .  murder charges filed against more than 1,000 members of bangladesh rifle .
 1 dead , 2 dozen hurt in illinois bus crash <sec> new : the victim is a 25-year-old woman from india .  the bus driver suffered nonlife-threatening injuries .  the megabus coach crashed near litchfield , illinois .  the cause of the crash is under investigation , police sa .
 voting rights act and the south on trial <sec> jeffrey toobin : 1965 voting rights act secured voting rights for blacks in the south .  alabama county takes it to supreme court , saying act is unconstitutional .  toobin : is it still necessary ? .  does discrimination still exist in the south ? .  toobin : ruling will be close , with chief justice roberts likely to oppose u.s. argumen .
 north korea warns that u.s. bases in guam , japan are within range <sec> north korea is verbally `` firing back '' at recent moves by the u.s. , an analyst says .  pyongyang has expressed anger that the u.s. is flying b-52s over south korea .  the flights are part of annual military exercises .  tensions on the korean peninsula have flared since the north 's latest nuclear tes .
 'south park ' takes on cosby , police , 2014 <sec> `` south park '' takes on many of 2014 's issues .  bill cosby makes an appearance ; police get mocked .  the episode is about divisions between generation .
 germaine greer : guilt poisons women <sec> germaine greer : study found women feel the poison of guilt more than men .  greer : women are raised to take the blame for crimes against them , she says .  when a rape victim is unnamed , she says , it supports the stigmatization of rape .  greer : women must reject stigma and refuse to feel shame for the way others treat the .
 schalke second after berlin win <sec> victory at hertha berlin puts schalke second in the german league table .  friday 's 2-1 win lifts schalke above borussia dortmund and monchengladbach .  schalke on 31 points along with bundesliga leaders bayern munich .  bayern travel to stuttgart on sunday , when dortmund host kaiserslauter .
 gadhafi remains elusive as his regime appears to end <sec> there is no sign of the longtime leader in his over-run compound .  a former aide says it is unlikely he is hiding in the bunkers below .  a rebel commander speculates that he wants to clear a route to the airport to flee .  venezuela is considered a possible exile destinatio .
 fbi : puerto rico cops protected cocaine dealers <sec> new : authorities say cops received $ 500,000 in payments .  more than 1,000 fbi personnel participated in arrests .  some puerto rican police officers assisted in investigation , u.s. attorney says .  grand jury indictments , returned last month , were unsealed wednesda .
 recent major plane incidents <sec> thursday 's deadly plane crash in buffalo is part of a spate of recent incidents .  u.s. airways flight 1549 landed in hudson river on january 15 .  continental flight 1404 slides off runway during takeoff at denver international airpor .
 car bomb kills 18 , injures dozens in baghdad <sec> car bomb detonated near a government forensic office in central baghdad .  attack comes a day after three vehicle bomb attacks killed 36 , injured 71 .  at least 18 dead , 80 injured in latest attac .
 nurse did n't show up for smoothie with friends <sec> nonnie dotson was visiting brother in suburb of denver , colorado .  she was an air force nurse based in san antonio , texas .  she won court battle before november 2006 disappearance .  have a tip ? .  call jefferson county sheriff 's office at ( 303 ) 271-561 .
 lawyer sues basketball star lebron james , alleging he is his father <sec> new : stovell says he wants a `` secure '' dna test to prove paternity .  new : lawyer says his memories were `` amplified '' in recent years .  james will announce thursday night with which team he 'll sign .  lawsuit says stovell had one-time tryst with james ' mothe .
 nbc defends 'community ' changes , claims fans will still 'get the same show ' <sec> the upcoming fourth season of `` community '' will air on fridays with a `` whitney '' lead in .  greenblatt : `` we 're in a transition with our comedy programming and trying to broaden the audience '' .  nbc is premiering several new comedies this fall , including `` animal practice '' and `` guys with kids .
 l.a. county board repeals support of wwii japanese internment <sec> new : `` we choose not to trivialize this travesty , '' l.a. county supervisor says .  new : actor george takei 's calls camps a `` most degrading , humiliating experience '' .  president franklin roosevelt ordered 120,000 japanese americans to internment camps .  los angeles county board of supervisors supported the order 70 years ag .
 court challenge holds high stakes for obama <sec> jeffrey toobin : supreme court hears challenge on health reform ; high stakes for obama .  he says defeat would mark obama as a loser ; would be bad news in an election year .  he says details of challenge complex ; real issue dividing u.s. : what is government 's role ? .  toobin : post-fdr court backed more activist government . .  not so today ; outcome uncertai .
 peru gang targets people stuck in traffic <sec> police caught group of alleged thieves accused of robbing people caught in traffic in lima , peru .  after weeks of surveillance , police caught suspects monday .  one suspect is 23 , the other three are 18 .  all being charged with armed robbery , illegal possession of a firearm and conspiracy to commit a crim .
 malala yousafzai : portrait of education activist put on display <sec> a painting of the teenager is being shown at the national portrait gallery in london .  artist jonathan yeo calls her `` one of the most inspiring figures of our age '' .  he has donated the work to the malala fund , which was set up to help girls go to school .  `` i think that he has really captured me in the image , '' malala says of the portrai .
 coroner : alcohol , drug killed thomas kinkade <sec> kinkade 's autopsy found `` acute ethanol and diazepam intoxication '' .  the painter also suffered from hypertensive and atherosclerotic heart disease , the coroner says .  kinkade , one of the most popular artists in america , painted more than 1,000 piece .
 yahoo nets premier league highlights <sec> yahoo ! .  has secured exclusive rights to publish online highlights of the english premier league .  the internet giant will provide five-minute highlights of each premier league game .  yahoo ! .  already provides nba , pga , nhl and mlb highlights to its u.s. user .
 can hu retain clout after handover ? <sec> hu jintao preparing to hand over power to presumptive successor , xi jinping .  but experts question whether he will really retire , or maintain some vestiges of office .  chinese politicians caught up in complex factional horse-trading .  final decision on makeup of new central committee expected this wee .
 maradona timeline <sec> maradona was scouted for argentinos juniors when aged 11 .  captained his country to world cup victory in 1986 .  has battled with drug addiction and health issues in recent years .  `` maradona '' documentary shown at cannes film festival , may 200 .
 from apprentice to master : chris froome wins tour de france <sec> britain 's chris froome wins the 100th tour de france with a final ride into paris .  the team sky rider beat colombian nairo quintana by four minutes 20 seconds overall .  froome - second to bradley wiggins in 2012 - began his cycling career growing up in africa .  in all 170 riders finished the 2013 tour de franc .
 fight eating disorders with facebook <sec> new research considers whether facebook contributes to eating disorders .  claire mysko writes that it 's too simplistic to blame social media .  facebook and other social media sites can be helpful in fight against eating disorders .  mysko : they can `` empower individuals to use their voices '' and resist negative message .
