 autopsy shows antifreeze killer 's death was suicide <sec> medical examiner : turner died from a blood pressure drug overdose .  authorities say there were no signs of foul play in lynn turner 's death .  she was found unresponsive in her georgia prison cell .  turner was serving life terms for killing her boyfriend and husban .
 yemen after saleh : still a treacherous road <sec> yemen 's future is far from predictable after saleh 's departure , an analyst says .  armed units from the saleh family and the al-ahmar family remain at odds .  the tens of thousands of anti-saleh demonstrators are likely to play a role .  a combination of factors probably led saleh to finally step dow .
 cnn readers ' favorite musicians of 2013 <sec> this year in music was filled with surprises .  justin timberlake , jay z , eminem and beyonce creatively released new albums .  cnn readers seemed to vote for artists with a complete package over one-hit wonder .
 care for the orphans who are n't adopted <sec> international adoptions have declined in the u.s. due to new regulations , says jane aronson .  she says the number of orphans vastly outnumbers adoptions .  aronson : u.s. , international groups must find other answers to orphan crisis .  she says strategies to keep families together and to help orphaned children are crucia .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> after years of violence and conflict , iraq is hosting its first arab summit since 1990 .  the iraqi foreign ministry says he hopes the event will help improve the country 's image .  plus , mme visits basra and takes a look at the construction boom fueled by petrodollar .
 china 'employs 2 million to police internet ' <sec> china has around two million people policing public opinion online .  they monitor the millions of messages being posted on popular social media .  government wants to prevent social unrest .  china has more internet monitors than active army personne .
 more snow to hit northeast <sec> third snowstorm of the year to hit northeast .  storm warning issued for parts of new york , connecticut , rhode island and boston .  up to 2 feet expected to fall through monday night in bosto .
 somali forces battling al qaeda-linked militants <sec> somali forces fighting al qaeda-linked al shabaab in capital city of mogadishu .  46 people killed , 65 wounded in past two days of most recent fighting .  islamist fighters have regained control of the strategic town of bulo burde .  u.s. supports , provides weapons for somalia 's fight against insurgent .
 mine accidents in the united states <sec> december 6 , 1907 -- worst coal mine disaster in u.s. history : 362 miners killed in explosion .  march 25 , 1947 -- 111 miners killed in explosion at the centralia no . .  5 mine in centralia , illinois .  december 30 , 1970 -- 38 miners killed in explosions at mines in hyden , kentucky .  may 20 , 2006 -- five miners killed in explosion at darby mine no . .  1 in harlan county , kentuck .
 rodman : i 'm going on vacation with kim in august <sec> new : spokesman says rodman was invited to return during his february trip .  rodman was known for rebounding and colorful hairstyles .  he visited north korea in february , made friends with kim jong un .  he says the supreme leader does n't want to go to wa .
 police chief at center of profanity-laced gun video suspended <sec> the council says he used city property without permission .  `` i have no regrets , '' kessler says .  he alleges that some in the council are trying to fire hi .
 kate and william waxworks unveiled <sec> wax figures of the duke and duchess of cambridge unveiled at madame tussauds in london .  the models took a team of artists four months to create -- at a cost of more than $ 230,000 each .  london waxworks dressed , posed to recreate engagement announcement in 2010 .  other models of the couple are to go on display in new york , amsterdam and blackpool , englan .
 klitschko : briggs wo n't 'retire ' me <sec> shannon briggs talks up his chances of winning the wbc title from vitali klitschko .  american claims that he will end his fellow veteran 's boxing career on saturday .  ukrainian confident that he will be successful in his fifth defense in hamburg .  klitschko calls wba champion david haye `` chicken '' for avoiding him and his brothe .
 opinion : pope francis ' humble superiority <sec> michael d'antonio : in pope francis ' first days it 's hard not to plumb meaning of his gestures .  he says among them was a visit with disgraced cardinal law , implicated in sex abuse scandal .  he says in this and other moves , he 's shown commitment to orthodoxy of church hierarchy .  d'antonio : pope embodies tension between christian values , imperial churc .
 palin to tea party : america ready for another revolution <sec> palin adopts scathing tone as she addresses national security , the economy .  `` america is ready for another revolution and you are a part of this , '' palin tells tea party .  former alaska governor has many admirers in the grass-roots movement .  `` i will not benefit financially from speaking at this event , '' palin said earlier this wee .
 palestinian leader signs off on arafat exhumation , plo official says <sec> new : the exhumation could begin within weeks , an official says .  official : mahmoud abbas says former palestinian leader 's body can be exhumed .  a stain contained higher levels of polonium-210 than a typical sample , a scientist says .  the test results do not necessarily mean arafat was poisoned , the scientist say .
 miley cyrus releases racy 'adore you ' video <sec> miley cyrus ' new video leaked christmas day .  she said some harsh words about the breach on twitter .  `` adore you '' is the third single from her new albu .
 au claims success against al-shabaab <sec> african union forces say they have pushed the terrorist group out of mogadishu .  they are expanding operations outside of the capital .  the mission is to consolidate power for the transitional governmen .
 kyrgyzstan investigating whether troops involved in ethnic violence <sec> government plans investigation of claims that troops were involved in ethnic violence .  officials say curfew imposed in osh extended until friday .  one woman says kyrgyz army killed son .  government aide : reports of uzbeks shot by kyrgyz are rumor .
 preakness stakes : five fun facts <sec> preakness stakes , second race in u.s . .  triple crown , starts saturday .  if you thought preakness was the poor sister to kentucky derby , think again .  founded in 1873 , preakness has rich history and quirky traditions .  cnn brings you top five facts from the prestigious horse rac .
 guantanamo bay prison is necessary <sec> ed meese : guantanamo bay holds high-value terrorist detainees , like 9/11 architect .  the u.s. is at war , he says , and detention of the enemy during wartime is legal .  meese : gitmo has kept terrorists off the battlefield and provided key intelligence .  until a safe , reasonable alternative is found , he writes , gitmo should remain ope .
 queen arrives in northern ireland on jubilee visit <sec> queen elizabeth ii is visiting enniskillen , scene of a deadly ira bombing 25 years ago .  she is to meet former ira commander martin mcguinness wednesday .  mcguinness is now a sinn fein politician and the deputy first minister of northern ireland .  the queen lost a relative , lord mountbatten , to an ira bomb in 197 .
 group offers rain boots , smiles to syrian refugee children <sec> syrian children in refugee camps in lebanon lack basics to get through harsh winters .  hala habib qiblawi organized a facebook campaign to get rain boots for children .  within 24 hours she had thousands of pairs of boots , and more keep arriving .  `` there is still humanity on earth , especially in this part of the world , '' qiblawi say .
 jennifer lawrence 's rep slams stolen photos <sec> new : an individual close to ariana grande says photos claiming to show her are `` completely fake '' .  online posts purport to show nude photographs of actress jennifer lawrence .  her publicist says it 's a `` flagrant violation of privacy '' and authorities have been notified .  other celebrities also report they were hacke .
 vote on armenian 'genocide ' resolution put off <sec> house speaker said thursday she accepts sponsors ' request to set vote aside .  measure would label ottoman-era killings of armenians `` genocide '' .  administration said resolution would hurt relations with turkey , a key all .
 michael jackson duets with akon , 50 cent , lenny kravitz on next album <sec> jackson 's duet with akon `` hold my hand '' is the first single out monday .  the song , recorded in 2007 , was leaked unfinished in 2008 .  akon returned to the studio to finish the song .  the full album will be released december 1 .
 ordering food in beijing makes me nervous <sec> cnn 's john vause says ordering food in china has been replaced with dread .  vause : it took pet food scare in u.s. to get beijing to answer tough questions .  china says execution of former fda chief is a message to other .
 veggies to blame for majority of foodborne illnesses <sec> cdc researchers find produce accounts for 46 % of illnesses .  most were caused by norovirus , which is spread via contaminated water .  contaminated meat and poultry account for the most deaths , cdc say .
 premier league rejects glasgow teams <sec> the english premier league have rejected a proposal to bring celtic and rangers into english football 's top flight .  the glasgow-based sides had hoped to be part of plans submitted by bolton chairman phil gartside .  rangers have also been fined by uefa for the behavior of their fans during their match against unirea urzicen .
 italy terrorism raids : 20 arrested <sec> police say 20 suspected of involvement in the recruiting suicide bombers held .  arrests were in italy and across other european countries , police say .  those held are accused of recruiting bombers to go to iraq and afghanistan .  11 people were held in italy and nine others across europ .
 arsenal blown away by bayern as pressure grows on wenger <sec> bayern munich claims a 3-1 win at arsenal in last-16 of champions league .  toni kroos , thomas muller and mario mandzukic score crucial away goals .  porto will take 1-0 lead to malaga for second leg of last-16 clash .  joao muutinho 's second half strike the difference between the two side .
 mo willems shares secrets to writing a children 's hit book <sec> mo willems ' new book , `` that is not a good idea ! '' .  comes out april 23 .  willems : `` if you had an opportunity to drive a bus , would you do that ? '' .  the former `` sesame street '' writer and animator has written more than 40 books for kids .  willems loves to see his fans draw his character .
 norwegian may be suspect in westgate mall attack , kenya sources say <sec> a norwegian citizen of somali descent is investigated in the kenya mall attack .  kenyan antiterror sources say he may have ties to a suspected al-shabaab commander .  norwegian intelligence services are in kenya investigating both men .  norwegian authorities have not yet released the norwegian citizen 's nam .
 genes may play a key role in stress <sec> the study looked at 300 pairs of swedish twins .  genes can influence the relationship between job stress and health problems .  it 's important to remember genes do n't actually control u .
 facebook tries to tell the story between two friends <sec> facebook rolling out friendship pages that pull together all the info two friends share .  feature was cooked up by facebook software engineer wayne kao .  `` best part is the human side of these pages , '' kao say .
 americans see china as economic threat <sec> 71 percent of americans polled consider china an economic threat .  more than 1,000 adult americans were questioned by telephone .  poll coincides with obama 's visit to chin .
 chiquita : $ 25m fine for terror payments <sec> chiquita to pay $ 25m fine , serve probation , justice department says .  plea agreement avoids prosecution of the banana producer .  court papers : chiquita paid groups that controlled lands where bananas gre .
 maxine waters pushes for speedy ethics trial <sec> california rep. maxine waters is accused of violating house ethics rules .  she has asked the ethics committee to hold a trial before november .  waters is a 10-term congresswoman .  rep. charlie rangel also faces ethics charges in the hous .
 us airways flight 1549 initial report <sec> us airways releases inital report on flight 1549 .  `` flight 1549 has been involved in an accident in new york , '' report says .  report : us airways is confirming passenger and crew on board the aircraf .
 sources : u.s. mission in benghazi attacked to avenge al qaeda <sec> u.s. diplomatic office in libya was attacked tuesday night .  imprisoned omar abdul rahman brigades leaves leaflets at the scene claiming the attack .  group says attack meant to avenge death of libyan al qaeda no . .  2 abu yahya al lib .
 100-cap rooney scores in england win over slovenia <sec> england beats slovenia 3-1 at wembley .  wayne rooney scores equalizer on 100th appearance .  minnows san marino and estonia secure upsets .  spain eases past belarus in group c clas .
 court says ground zero cross can stay <sec> first responders fashioned the cross from world trade center rubble .  atheists sued to have the cross kept out of the 9/11 museum in new york .  appeals panel found the cross to be historical and non-discriminator .
 'anarchist soccer mom ' cries out for help <sec> anarchist soccer mom 's blog post about son goes viral .  liza long , 40 , cries out for help for her mentally ill teen .  'michael ' can become violent , threaten suicide during fits .  he is currently in an acute care psychiatric facilit .
 cop apologizes after saying he wanted to beat mayor with bat <sec> atlanta police union head says he got frustrated at city meeting .  other cops quick to defend him , saying mayor is ignoring larger issue .  police : company refusing to help cops injured in the line of duty .  mayor franklin 's spokesperson says mayor will work to address complaint .
 huddle up : 5 story lines to follow at super bowl xlvii <sec> there will be plenty of time to kill when you get to the super bowl party hours before kickoff .  one of the things to discuss are the brothers harbaugh and how their family remains neutral .  ravens linebacker has gone from murder suspect to reverend ray .  host city wants to show america how far it has come since hurricane katrin .
 former 'top gun ' leads hubble repair mission <sec> ex-fighter pilot scott altman is commander of space shuttle atlantis mission .  as a young pilot , altman was a stunt double in the 1986 hit movie `` top gun '' .  altman worked with several actors on the film , including star tom cruise .  altman on cruise : `` he enjoyed flying . .  he listened to what we told him .
 honduras president challenges government over referendum <sec> new : president jose manuel zelaya rosales : `` referendum will not be stopped '' .  new : zelaya leads protest , takes ballots for controversial referendum .  honduran supreme court orders top commander back on job .  heads of honduran army , navy and air force resign in show of support for genera .
 when football players go 'awol ' <sec> egyptian striker amir zaki was awol after failing to return to wigan .  wigan manager steve bruce described zaki as `` unprofessional '' .  adriano went awol for two weeks and later said he was taking a break from football .  how do you think awol players should be punished by their clubs .
 commerce secretary resigns after seizure <sec> bryson says the june 9 seizure would be a distraction from doing his job .  president obama thanks bryson for his service .  bryson was found unconscious in his car this month after two auto accidents .  his office indicated the accidents were linked to the seizur .
 kerrigan 's brother jailed after father 's death <sec> violent argument and struggle between father and son results in elder kerrigan falling .  mark kerrigan , who denies responsibility in his father 's death , is `` quite distraught '' .  police find mark kerrigan in the basement `` clearly intoxicated '' and `` extremely combative '' .  judge orders mark kerrigan held on $ 10,000 cash bail ; court appearance february 2 .
 queen gets special award after 'bond girl ' cameo <sec> queen elizabeth 's support for british film and television is recognized with an award .  the queen is described as `` the most memorable bond girl yet '' for a cameo last year .  she appeared with actor daniel craig , as james bond , for the olympics opening ceremony .  the queen was given the award at a windsor castle reception by actor kenneth branag .
 taliban fighters attack building near kabul airport <sec> new : all seven militants are dead , authorities say .  police say attackers storm a building near the airport .  the taliban say the attack is intended to target americans in the airport .  the airport is used by both civilians and military force .
 people and computers need each other <sec> shyam sankar : some say computers could attain artificial intelligence superior to humans .  a more realistic approach is to envision computers aided by human intelligence , he says .  computers can spot patterns from the past but ca n't anticipate as people can , he says .  sankar : human thought , aided by computer power , can make sense of `` big data .
 'dishonored ' creators buck sequel trend , give players freedom <sec> bucking sequel trend , `` dishonored '' takes a new approach .  game creators riffed on games they 'd like to play , started with clean slate .  game is a sort of combination : a first-person shooter with role-playing game depth .  `` dishonored '' hits stores on tuesda .
 egypt 's crayfish invasion <sec> imported crayfish devastating fishing catches in the nile river .  yet it could provide means to help combat spred of parasitic disease bilharzia .  potential to provide new industy in egypt if seen in more positive ligh .
 can facebook page help israel , iran toward peace ? <sec> ethan zuckerman : israelis ' facebook page reaching out to iran drew big response .  he says it 's tempting to dismiss impact , but social media efforts produce unexpected outcomes .  he says one effect is replacing faces of leaders in conflict with faces of ordinary human beings .  zuckerman : social media lets citizens bypass leaders , speak for themselve .
 michael jackson tapes reveal his soul , former adviser says <sec> former confidant 's book based on 30 hours of interviews with michael jackson .  jackson told rabbi shmuley boteach he was still `` scared of my father to this day '' .  jackson said brooke shields `` was one of the loves of my life '' .  king of pop said father would strip him naked and beat him , according to boo .
 what you need to know about syria today <sec> opposition : shelling from regime fighter jets kill nine people in one village .  the syrian regime says it inflicted `` heavy losses '' on opposition forces in aleppo .  eu official : `` we face a dangerous stalemate '' as the world remains deadlocked on syri .
 commentary : why your taxes could double <sec> david walker : if you 've survived filing your taxes , you still have to worry .  he says the nation 's debt is unsustainable and will require tax increases .  he says people should urge government to get fiscal house in orde .
 honore : u.s. military should have reached haiti sooner <sec> new : airlines offer miles for donations , seats on planes for aid organizations .  new : obama says he will not put up with u.s. not doing `` the very best in this time of tragedy '' .  haiti suspends flights into port-au-prince airport because ramp space is overcrowded .  several u.s. military units plan to go to haiti , but it 's unclear whether all will be able t .
 can motors in wheels spark electric car revolution ? <sec> sim-lei car has an electric motor in each of its four wheels .  makers say it can go from 0 to 60 mph in 4.8 seconds .  car featured at this week 's tokyo motor sho .
 salma hayek 's brother involved in fatal crash <sec> a 43-year-old man from mexico was killed in the wreck , police say .  sami hayek , 40 , received several broken ribs and a cut to his head .  hayek lost control of his sports car and drove into oncoming traffic , police sa .
 aeg exec : i did not know michael jackson abused drugs <sec> aeg live co-ceo paul gongaware faces more grilling in michael jackson death trial .  gongaware worked closely with jackson on `` history '' tour .  he was the top producer of jackson 's comeback tour .  jackson lawyers say gongaware was aware of jackson drug us .
 fishermen lift french port blockades <sec> french fishermen lift port blockades at calais , dunkirk and boulogne .  fishermen are protesting over european union fishing quotas .  blockades shut all cross-channel traffic at the three ports .  ferry operator p & o says it is resuming normal dover-calais service .
