 soccer fans , police clash in cairo , egypt ; 19 dead <sec> the cabinet indefinitely suspends the country 's premier league soccer matches .  egypt 's general prosecutor is sending a team to investigate .  the violence is the deadliest soccer-related violence in egypt since a 2012 stamped .
 2015 acm awards : 10 best and 5 worst moments <sec> acms celebrated 50 years sunday night .  best moments : garth brooks , reba mcentire , taylor swift 's mo .
 chelsea go four points clear of united ; inter reach italian cup final <sec> english premier league leaders chelsea move four points clear of manchester united .  striker nicolas anelka scores winner just before halftime against his former club .  struggling bolton angry not to be awarded a penalty for handball in each half .  inter milan earn place in final of italian cup with 2-0 aggregate win over fiorentin .
 'scandal ' actor dan bucatinsky on finding his inner mother <sec> actor dan bucatinsky grew up never thinking he 'd have a chance to be a dad .  parenting has its own unique set of challenges as two dads figure out roles .  bucatinsky , who is gay , was surprised and thrilled to find his `` mommyness '' .  playing gay father on `` scandal '' gives him a chance to be role model for new generatio .
 how technology can transform lives of african women <sec> women entrepreneurs hold key to africa 's development , writes mariéme jamme .  gender inequality is limiting women 's potential on the continent , she says .  mobile phones are giving women information and new opportunitie .
 white house criticizes egyptian government and vice president <sec> new : a u.s. source says there is frustration with egypt 's government .  white house spokesman gibbs calls suleiman 's comments `` unhelpful '' .  gibbs says egypt should stop arresting and harassing journalists and activists .  vice president biden talks by phone with suleima .
 outrage over woman 's beating fuels new egypt protests <sec> new : the united states calls on security forces , protesters to refrain from violence .  a video of a woman 's beating fuels new anger in cairo .  `` our troops do not just attack people for no reason , '' military spokesman says .  the protests have left 11 dead and 500 wounded since frida .
 obama appearance caps off kennedy birthday party <sec> celebrities and political heavyweights mark sen. ted kennedy 's 77th birthday .  senator receives the john f. kennedy profile in courage award .  kennedy was the unanimous selection of the committee that decides the award .  attendees include caroline kennedy , michelle obama , bill cosby , john kerr .
 3 killed in shootings at kansas city-area jewish centers <sec> new : suspect frazier glenn cross faces charges of premeditated murder .  new : southern poverty law center calls him a `` longtime anti-semite '' .  video from a cnn affiliate appears to show the suspect saying , `` heil hitler '' .  3 people are dead after shootings at two jewish facilities , police sa .
 ronaldo doubles up in english awards <sec> new : cristiano ronaldo wins english writers ' award for second year in a row .  he headed off liverpool 's fernando torres and portsmouth 's david james .  manchester united winger also retained his player of year award from peers .  portugal star , 23 , has dominated uk awards for the past two season .
 dortmund beat bayern 5-2 to win german cup <sec> borussia dortmund win german cup with 5-2 win over bayern munich .  dortmund win the domestic double for the first time in their history .  bayern 's confidence shaken ahead of champions league final next weekend .  barcelona draw 2-2 at real betis in pep guardiola 's final league gam .
 qualifying after the quake : haiti soccer 's world cup dream <sec> haiti prepare for the 2014 world cup qualifier against minnows u.s. virgin islands .  country 's first home match since 300 , 000 people were killed in a 7.0 earthquake .  the earthquake leveled the haitian football federation 's headquarters killing more than 30 of its staf .
 eco-fashionista campaigns for sexy , sustainable fashion <sec> danish fashion chief launches nice , a social media campaign to make fashion more sustainable .  eva kruse , ceo of the danish fashion institute : fashion industry one of the `` most polluting in the world '' .  kruse suggested code of conduct in conjunction with u.n. to be presented at rio summit in june .  sustainable fashions already being made by : chain store h & m and labels like gucci , stella mccartney and pum .
 washington 's not listening to america <sec> rep. kevin mccarthy says washington has n't been listening to what americans want .  he says people wanted lower health care costs , not a costly new entitlement .  people wanted more jobs , not a stimulus that has failed to keep unemployment down , he says .  mccarthy says the gop is asking americans for ideas for a new policy agend .
 gop 's lepage notches narrow win in maine governor 's race <sec> new : lepage pledges to put `` people before politics '' .  cutler concedes the race .  lepage is currently the mayor of watervill .
 steven gerrard to join la galaxy <sec> steven gerrard to join los angeles galaxy in july .  liverpool midfielder set to leave anfield club at end of season .  gerrard made liverpool debut in 1998 .  led club to champions league title in 200 .
 are we too obsessed with facebook ? <sec> take a look at this infographic about facebook usage , 2010 trends and more .  one out of every 13 earthlings and three out of four americans is on facebook .  one out of 26 signs into facebook on a daily basi .
 singer amy winehouse found dead <sec> it 's too soon to know if winehouse died of a drug overdose , a police official says .  winehouse spokesman : `` everyone who is involved with amy is shocked and devastated '' .  the death is `` unexplained , '' police say .  winehouse canceled a european tour last month after being booed off stag .
 passengers feel like 'hostages ' during 16-hour ordeal <sec> mexico city , mexico , flight bound for seattle , washington , diverted due to heavy fog .  flight returns to mexico after customs agents ca n't process all passengers .  representatives with aeromexico plan to investigate situatio .
 hottest fall hairstyles <sec> short celebrity-inspired hair cuts are popular for fall .  try layers like heidi klum 's and cat deeley 's to add body and avoid looking matronly .  olivia wilde takes a more subtle , refined approach to the ombre tren .
 libyan missile misses italian warship <sec> the missile fell into the sea about 2 kilometers from the frigate bersagliere .  `` we have n't used our real military power , '' a gadhafi spokesman says .  he discounts claims that pro-gadhafi forces are down to 20 % of their capabilitie .
 hannah graham disappearance : what we know <sec> charlottesville , virginia , police issue search warrant , wanted poster for jesse matthew .  videos provide a timeline of hannah graham 's movements on night she vanished .  she disappeared september 13 ; police believe matthew was last person to see her .  area where graham disappeared has history of missing girls and wome .
 the fashion cult cut from a different cloth <sec> `` les sapeurs '' are a unique group of fashionistas who strut the streets of kinshasa .  they wear expensive designer clothes , despite the poverty around them .  famed musician papa wemba popularized the movemen .
 qatar 2022 should be held in 'winter , ' fifa task force <sec> `` winter '' cup would conflict with european club football , u.s. football , basketball .  fifa task force recommends 2022 world cup be played in november and december .  tournament to be moved from tradition june-july dates amid concerns over extreme hea .
 iran 's president plays down ashura protests <sec> ahmadinejad : ashura protests are `` theater play '' .  he blames conflict on zionists and americans .  at least eight people killed in protests ; security forces deny killing anyone .  opposition lawmaker 's nephew among reported victim .
 bill clinton to raise money at usher 's house - cnnpolitics.com <sec> usher is having a fundraiser for senate candidate michelle nunn at his atlanta home .  he has worked with nunn and former president bill clinton on nonprofit work .  clinton has a full endorsement calendar , with events in maine , connecticut , florida this wee .
 bombs go off at one of buddhism 's holiest sites in india <sec> four of the eight explosions take place at the mahabodi complex .  the temple houses a tree where buddha is believed to have attained enlightenment .  suspicion falls on the islamist group indian mujahidee .
 hollywood outshone as china 's box office booms in 2013 <sec> china 's box office takings total $ 3.6 billion in 2013 , up a third on 2012 .  unlike last year , homegrown movies were more popular than hollywood fare .  only three hollywood movies ranked in top 10 , including `` iron man 3 '' .  hollywood is trying to woo chinese movie audience .
 real madrid hit villarreal for six ; ronaldo 's madeira tribute <sec> real madrid beat villarreal 6-2 to cut gap on barcelona to two points in spain .  cristiano ronaldo remembers victims of mudslides in his native madeira after first goal .  atletico madrid beaten 1-0 by lowly almeria the week after downing barcelon .
 google 's removal of bbc article raises censorship fears <sec> google responded to the eu ruling on the `` right to be forgotten '' by removing articles from search rankings .  the internet search company 's action led to accusations of censorship and over-reach .  the eu 's highest court ruled that individuals can request the removal of some search result .
 dovizioso to replace motogp legend rossi at ducati <sec> andrea dovizioso will replace the legendary valentino rossi at ducati in 2013 .  seven-time champion rossi will rejoin yamaha at the end of this season .  rossi 's teammate nicky hayden will miss the czech grand prix with a hand injury .  reigning world champion casey stoner out of the race with a fractured ankl .
 unemployed security guard tapped as spain 's top snoozer <sec> spain 's first national siesta championship wraps up in madrid .  winner napped for 17 minutes and registered a 70-decibel snore .  the siesta in spain often lasts an hour or more .  traditionalists blame pace of modern life for decline of siest .
 wife of jailed american alan gross visits cuba <sec> alan gross ' wife , judy , visits husband in cuba a week after his mother 's death .  the u.s. state department contractor offered to return to jail after a goodbye visit .  the cuban government denied his request , saying inmates ca n't travel abroad .  gross is serving a 15-year sentence for bring satellite equipment to islan .
 opinion : why you should see '12 years a slave ' <sec> lewis beale : slavery a stain on america , but few people want to know much about it .  he says it 's essential to confront this past to understand how slavery 's legacy is still with us .  the film `` 12 years a slave '' is brutal , unstintingly realistic . .  few movies have dared to be .  beale : the film tells us how we got to where we are today racially . .  will people watch .
 i hate , hate super bowl parties <sec> jeff pearlman says he loves the super bowl , just hates having to go to a party .  he says when he was young , it was him , with football under arm , the tv , and no talking .  now a dolt 's always blabbing through game and wanting quiet during commercials , he says .  pearlman says this year he 's staying home with family to watch -- in peace and quie .
 walker makes a 2016 pitch - cnnpolitics.com <sec> walker is considering a run for the white house in 2016 .  he spoke to members of the republican national committee thursda .
 north korea blames south , cancels family reunions <sec> north korea postpones reunions of family members divided by war .  north korea blasts south korea and conservatives .  family reunions were to be held between wednesday and september 3 .
 welcome to syria 's deadliest city <sec> cnn 's fred pleitgen was taken on a surprise trip to aleppo , one of the war 's flashpoints .  syrian government-organized flight was first civilian landing at airport since late 2012 .  syrian forces have retaken many areas of country 's largest city from rebels in recent months .  much of city remains in rebel hands and a ceasefire anytime soon seems unlikel .
 us : deal to implement iran nuclear deal near <sec> `` we 're getting close but just not quite there yet , '' a u.s. administration official says .  iranian state-media reported tehran will implement a nuclear accord in late january .  the accord was reached in november , and requires iran to limit its nuclear program .  in exchange for limiting its program , some sanctions placed on iran will be lifte .
 3 believed dead after plane wreckage found in antarctica <sec> new : recovery effort planned .  three canadians were flying from the south pole to terra nova bay in antarctica .  plane wreckage suggests no one survived the crash .  the missing crew 's survival kit had enough food and water for five day .
 midterms : for gop , the 'blue wall ' awaits ( opinion ) <sec> david gergen : whatever happens tuesday , gop will face uphill battle in 2016 .  democrats have advantage of a `` blue wall '' of states with solid record in presidential races .  democrats can win white house again if they hold blue wall and win florida , gergen says .  the political terrain for republicans will be much tougher in 2016 , he say .
 britain commemorates vj day with ceremony , reception <sec> ceremony on sunday remembers the day japan surrendered in 1945 , ending wwii .  pm david cameron will lay a wreath on behalf of the government .  nearly 30,000 british troops died in the far east campaig .
 white house adviser : obama has brought 'enormous change ' <sec> valerie jarrett : obama has made `` dramatic difference '' in u.s. image around the world .  white house senior adviser also credits obama with pulling back economy from disaster .  republican leader says obama went `` hard left '' and lost bipartisan support .  senate minority leader mitch mcconnell criticizes deficit , health care refor .
 french battleship intact after nearly a century under water <sec> torpedoes from a german submarine sunk the danton on march 18 , 1917 .  the vessel is resting in an upright position about two-thirds of a mile under water .  at 472 feet , the ship was one of the largest french naval vessels of its era .  an unmanned submarine surveying a proposed pipeline route found the ship in 200 .
 how could obama not have known ? <sec> gloria borger : how could the president not have known of the obamacare website flaws ? .  she says obama prefers a `` no-drama '' white house in which people stay in their lanes .  staffers are not encouraged to bring the president bad news , she says .  borger : there was no rollout czar for obamacare ; everyone stayed in their sil .
 casey anthony 's defense to call more witnesses <sec> casey anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter , caylee , in 2008 .  anthony faces seven counts in caylee 's death , including first-degree murder .  her defense maintains the child drowned in the anthony poo .
 ntsb : high speed , worn parts led to deadly reno air races crash <sec> a veteran pilot and 10 spectators died in last year 's reno air races crash .  the ntsb finds that worn parts and speed caused the crash .  `` air race pilots expect that the risks taken are theirs alone , '' ntsb head says .  `` the spectators assumed that their safety had been assessed and addressed .
 cnn student news - april 29 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 murder charges filed in case of marine wife erin corwin <sec> christopher lee , 24 , was arrested in alaska , is facing extradition to california .  he is accused of killing his former neighbor , erin corwin , 19 .  her body was found over the weekend in a mine shaf .
 no.1 djokovic and home hope murray to contest dream wimbledon final <sec> serbia 's novak djokovic to play andy murray in wimbledon final .  djokovic beats juan martin del potro in marathon semifinal .  world no.1 wins 7-5 4-6 7-6 6-7 6-3 in four hours 43 minutes .  home hope andy murray needs four sets to beat jerzy janowic .
 5th signal detected 'not likely ' from mh370 black boxes , officials say <sec> search agency : the fifth signal is unlikely to be from the black boxes .  `` there has been no major breakthrough , '' the head of the agency says .  friday 's search is focused on a smaller area .  a u.s. navy supply ship is joining the search for the missing plan .
 bid in senate to overturn hobby lobby decision fails <sec> democrats sought to overturn a key supreme court ruling on health insurance .  obamacare required certain companies to make birth control coverage available .  but the court ruled that those businesses with religious objections did n't have to comply .  hobby lobby was a large , private company that appealed to the supreme cour .
 poll : roberts , orman tied in kansas senate race <sec> a monmouth poll shows sen. pat roberts and greg orman tied at 46 % each .  kansas gov . .  sam brownback trails his challenger by 5 percentage point .
 knicks hire derek fisher as head coach <sec> former nba player derek fisher named knicks ' 26th head coach .  `` he 's learned under some of the best coaches , '' knicks president phil jackson says .  jackson coached fisher in los angeles ; pair won 5 championships with laker .
 opinion : vladimir putin , just evil enough <sec> alexander motyl says putin has promoted , supplied russian and pro-russian terrorists .  motyl : putin was member of brutal secret police and behind invasions in georgia , ukraine .  he is evil enough for all to condemn , motyl says ; countries ' silence implies approval .  motyl : france , germany must end economic ties with russia ; eu must take a moral stan .
 immigration reform : house democrats try to jump start stalled debate - cnnpolitics.com <sec> proposed house bill does n't include border security measures passed by the senate .  house democrats say they 're ready to move on immigration reform .  garcia : `` the american people have spoken -- they want congress to take on this issue '' .  pelosi says the proposed bill is bipartisan , but no republicans have signed on ye .
 tepco says plutonium found on quake-damaged plant grounds <sec> the amount found is comparable to fallout from old nuclear tests .  tokyo electric says the discovery poses no risk to humans .  but company says it will increase monitoring `` just in case .
 brazilian court orders google exec 's arrest over online videos <sec> a warrant accuses google 's president in brazil of disobedience .  he was asked to remove videos that allegedly slandered a mayoral candidate .  google argues that it is n't responsible for the youtube videos ' content .
 senate passes defense bill with detainee policy compromise <sec> defense authorization bill passes senate in 93-7 vote .  $ 662 billion bill shrinks pentagon spending by $ 43 billion from last year .  compromise allows suspected al qaeda terrorists to be held indefinitely by the military .  however , an amendment specifically excludes u.s. citizens or legal resident .
 brazil , mexico summon u.s. ambassadors over espionage reports <sec> new : brazil 's foreign minister decries an `` unacceptable violation '' of the country 's sovereignty .  mexico summons the u.s. ambassador to demand an investigation .  journalist glenn greenwald tells brazil 's globo tv about nsa documents .  he says one document is on mexico 's soon-to-be president discussing his cabinet pick .
 'transition is taking its time ' in south africa , de klerk says <sec> f.w . .  de klerk is the last leader of white-ruled south africa .  he says the anc is too powerful and that is a problem .  there 's grinding unemployment in the country , he says .  he says he and nelson mandela are `` close friends .
 officials in ghana downplay airport incident reported as 'crash ' <sec> `` it was n't a crash , it was an incident , '' transport official says of monday mishap .  lufthansa , turkish airlines planes brushed wings as latter prepared to taxi for takeoff .  ghana 's soon-to-launch oil production industry is enticing investors , other visitors .  expansion to admit bigger planes is under way at accra airport , transport official say .
 hey , big spender : nigerians shop til they drop in london <sec> wealthy nigerians traveling to london to spend big money .  their spending power is prompting uk retailers to tailor products to african customers .  selfridges : nigeria is coming through 'very strongly ' in the last 12-18 months .  yet , most people in nigeria country live on less than $ 1 a da .
 gingrich : vladimir putin is not an american <sec> newt gingrich : u.s. politicians reacted with surprise to the views of vladimir putin .  he says putin is understandable as a former kgb agent and russian nationalist .  politicians in both parties have mistakenly seen putin as someone whom they can trust , he says .  gingrich : putin is a strong authoritarian leader , maybe the strongest russian boss since stali .
