 meet the disfigured man whose embrace with pope francis warmed hearts <sec> pope embraced vinicio riva at the vatican in early november .  a genetic disease called neurofibromatosis has left riva disfigured .  pope embraced riva without speaking : `` he did n't have any fear of my illness '' .  riva hopes to one day have a face-to-face meeting with pop .
 al qaeda leader claims responsibility for capture of american <sec> new : al qaeda 's involvement with a kidnapping would not be surprising , u.s. official says .  warren weinstein is a former u.s. agency for international development worker .  the 70-year-old was abducted august 13 from his home in lahore , police sai .
 rooftop farms provide rich pickings in refugee camp <sec> palestinians have farming history but no land to grow produce , says ngo .  rooftop greenhouses save families money on fruit and vegetables .  scheme is being expanded to more refugee camp .
 and the top 10 cnn heroes of 2012 are ... <sec> the top 10 cnn heroes of 2012 represent six countries , four continents .  they will be honored at `` cnn heroes : an all-star tribute , '' which airs live december 2 .  who will be hero of the year ? .  cast your vote now online or through your mobile devic .
 china charges prominent uyghur scholar with 'separatism ' <sec> formal charge against ilham tohti comes a day after violence in southern xinjiang .  tohti went on a hunger strike during his incarceration in january .  uyghur-han relations are a focus of tohti 's researc .
 reactions to passage of health care bill are passionate <sec> former hospital financial manager says bill `` is n't perfect ... but it will save lives '' .  navy vet who uses va system says it would be unfair to force him to pay for health care .  recent college graduate who 's on chemotherapy hopes `` this bill will help our situation '' .  others worry about cost , potential to cheat syste .
 pope pulls ambassador to dominican republic amid abuse allegations <sec> `` we have formally opened an investigation , '' the attorney general says .  the pope recalls the vatican 's ambassador to the dominican republic .  a report connected the nuncio to child abuse and pedophilia , church rep says .  wesolowski could not be reached for commen .
 gunmen sought , as cricketers return home <sec> new : players tharanga paranavitana , thilan samaraweera in stable condition .  both were shot in the chest and leg , respectively .  six other team members were wounded by broken glass and shrapnel .  police confirm six officers and a driver of a van carrying umpires were kille .
 social media jump all over manti te'o hoax story <sec> name of player tied to hoax rockets to top of online trends .  majority seem to think te'o was either in on it or just plain stupid .  a few come to notre dame player 's defense ; a few reserve judgmen .
 fans block chelsea 's bid to buy back stamford bridge stadium <sec> chelsea lose vote to buy back their stamford bridge stadium .  a group of the club 's fans who own the freehold opt against handing it back .  the 'chelsea pitch owners ' have owned the freehold since 1997 .  club says they are losing $ 56 million of revenue a year due to limited capacit .
 banks cleared to accept marijuana business - cnnpolitics.com <sec> governor says new rules do n't provide `` the clarity that colorado banks are seeking '' .  justice and treasury departments issue first rules on providing financial services .  there are still areas of marijuana transactions that are illegal under federal law .  marijuana has been legalized in colorado and washington state ; 18 states allow medicinal us .
 georgia girl , 7 , died of head trauma , stabbing , investigators say <sec> new : jorelys rivera likely died 1 to 1 1/2 hours after she disappeared .  she died of blunt force trauma to the head , investigators say .  jorelys , 7 , had also been stabbed and sexually assaulted .  the killer likely lives in or has ready access to the apartment complex , authorities sa .
 auction pulls items from japanese-american wwii camps <sec> the items were originally given to a historian who opposed the camps , cnn affiliate reports .  auctioneer hoped they would be bought by museum or someone who would donate them for historical appreciation .  japanese-americans were furious about items from family members , others being sol .
 ac milan legends give iranian soccer fans a boost <sec> iranian soccer fans welcome ac milan to tehran for charity match against persepolis .  the game is part of a collaboration between the two clubs , giants in europe and asia .  persepolis hoping to learn from milan 's highly-regarded youth academy .  milan 's team of former stars beat their counterparts 3-1 in front of 65,000 crow .
 u.s. seeks china 's help against cyberattacks <sec> u.s. has asked china to help combat north korean hacking , official says .  guardians of peace mocks the fbi .  u.s. says it 's confident north korea is behind cyberattack .  north korea warns of `` serious consequences '' if the u.s. keeps tying it to the attac .
 al-sadr to u.s. soldiers : 'go back to your families ' <sec> muqtada al-sadr issues letter to american troops .  the big question is whether any u.s. troops will remain in iraq by year 's end .  al-sadr : `` go forth , that we may not enter into a challenge with you or your trainers .
 chelsea 'fans ' at center of racism storm <sec> group of chelsea 'fans ' filmed abusing a black man on the paris metro .  the club has condemned the footage and pledged to support any criminal action .  chelsea was in paris for a champions league match against paris saint-germai .
 scientists discover recipe for water in space <sec> spectral lines found in light from distant water vapor provided the clue .  the lines revealed heat , european scientists say .  the water likely was formed after the action of ultraviolet light on a dusty cloud , they sa .
 the best picks around the world for celebrating pride <sec> boston visitors can take to the streets for various dance parties .  tel aviv is known as the gay capital of the middle east .  amsterdam celebrates the 25th anniversary of the world 's first gay monument .  asheville pride organizers hope visitors will come support a state `` that 's had a setback .
 closing arguments conclude ; manning 's fate now with judge <sec> new : military judge col. denise lind will render a verdict in sensational leak case .  defense says prosecutors `` cherry picked '' information in presenting evidence .  bradley manning is accused in largest leak of classified information in u.s. history .  prosecution says iraq war vet and intel analyst had `` no allegiance '' to the united state .
 30 years later , the cosby sweater still rules <sec> bill cosby 's sweaters became an iconic part of his hit `` cosby show '' .  they are remembered today , in some cases by people who were n't alive during show 's run .  the sweaters served a technical purpose for the show 's editing as wel .
 al-zawahiri has a long history with osama bin laden , terror <sec> al-zawahiri is the son of a physician .  `` he used to write poetry to his mother '' his uncle says .  he became involved in islamic fundamentalism as a teenager .  he joined forces with bin laden during the soviet invasion of afghanista .
 moody 's downgrades greek debt again , warns of default <sec> moody 's downgrades greek government bonds from ca to caa1 .  the probability of bond default is `` virtually 100 % , '' the ratings agency says .  creditor losses will likely top 20 % , it anticipates .  bailouts help protect the eurozone from contagion and give greece a chance to stabiliz .
 angola rabies outbreak kills 83 children <sec> a severe rabies epidemic has killed at least 83 children in 3 months in angola .  francois meslin , rabies expert at the who says this is cause for serious concern .  once symptoms develop , rabies is always fatal , according to the wh .
 attorney to seek wrong-way driver 's exhumation <sec> husband wants to prove wife was n't drinking at time of fatal new york collision .  eight killed on taconic parkway in july as diane schuler drove wrong way .  attorney says schuler may have had stroke-like symptoms .  fire after accident could have turned schuler 's blood sugar into alcohol , attorney say .
 fear-based ads sneak into subconscious , researcher says <sec> fear-based attack ads are sometimes used by candidates to influence voters .  cnn gathered eight undecided voters to measure the impact of attack ads .  psychologist drew westen says fear-based ads appeal to voters ' subconsciou .
 medal of honor recipient william swenson braved gunfire to get bodies <sec> william swenson is the sixth living recipient from the afghan and iraq wars .  swenson was honored for his action on september 8 , 2009 , in the ganjgal valley .  he braved enemy fire to retrieve the bodies of dead soldiers , obama says .  he criticized his commanders for failing to support soldiers during the battl .
 ryan seacrest to host shows on four major tv networks <sec> ryan seacrest signed a new hosting deal with cbs .  that puts him in business with all four major american tv networks .  he also extended his nbc deal and will continue contributing to e ! .  will he take on the sports world next ? .  he has his eye on the olympic .
 holographic staff and no lost luggage : future of travel <sec> skyscanner released monday the second part of its `` future of travel '' report .  it predicts that journeys in 2024 `` will be almost unrecognizable '' from today 's stressful experience .  the report says airports will become smart spaces that will allow travelers to enjoy an automated journe .
 n. mexico gunman 's name released , girlfriend in guarded condition <sec> new : police identify a gunman in new mexico as robert reza , 37 .  new : a woman identified as the shooter 's girlfriend is listed in guarded condition .  albuquerque police believe it was a domestic violence situation that spilled into the workplac .
 sharapova : struggles made me stronger <sec> having overcome a shoulder injury , maria sharapova plans on playing for 4-5 more years .  she won her first major post-surgery at last year 's french open to complete her collection .  russian says she enjoyed proving her doubters wrong by returning from injury .  she competes on tour while balancing business interests , including candy lin .
 blatter reveals donation to families of egypt victims <sec> fifa president sepp blatter has called on the football community to rally around egypt .  blatter also reveals fifa will donate $ 250,000 to the families of recent football riot victims .  over 70 people were killed following the match between al masry and al ahly in port sai .
 ferrari boss backs struggling massa <sec> ferrari team principal stefano domenicali says felipe massa can return to form .  the italian driver finished 15th in malaysia and crashed out in australia .  domenicali reveals massa is returning to italy to continue work ahead of race in china .  the ferrari chief warns there is still work to do to make the f2012 a competitive ca .
 meet ghadi , the first 'sect-less ' baby in deeply divided lebanon <sec> lebanese parents refuse to mark baby 's sect on birth certificate .  parents have received threats in lebanon , a country deeply divided on sectarian lines .  parents also fought two-year battle to get first civil , non-religious marriage certificate .  divisions among sects in lebanon deepen as syria 's civil war spills into countr .
 transgender teen 's imprisonment without charges stirs controversy <sec> `` jane doe , '' 16 , was transferred from a child welfare agency 's custody to an adult prison .  the agency used a state law to persuade a judge to transfer the girl .  the court cited a `` history of assaultive behavior while in placement facilities '' .  `` i need to work on my issues ... but this is not the place , '' teen wrote in an op-e .
 'america 's next top model ' renewed , will feature male models <sec> the cw has renewed `` america 's next top model '' .  the show will feature male models for the first time .  `` america 's next top model '' is currently in the midst of its 19th cycl .
 my big , fat nigerian wedding : inside lagos ' bridal boom <sec> nigeria has a booming wedding industry .  the trend is driven by the desire for extravagant themed weddings .  weddings in nigeria are huge affairs , sometimes with 2,000 guest .
 senate stimulus bill would fund stop-smoking programs <sec> $ 75 million would go toward smoking cessation programs , says sen. tom harkin .  programs are effort to bolster economy by lowering soaring health-care costs .  u.s. house passes $ 819 billion economic stimulus packag .
 palestinian officials : obama policy on settlements 'biased ' <sec> new : u.s. vetoes proposed security council resolutuion declaring israel settlements illegal .  `` americans so far have placed their strategic alliance with israel , '' palestinian legislator said before veto .  resolution presented a political dilemma for the white house .  the obama administration has been critical of israeli settlement construction but has not gone as far declaring it illega .
 untold world cup story : the unbelievable plot to eliminate brazil <sec> scandal ! .  how a deceitful plot almost cost brazil their place at the 1990 world cup .  the crime scene : brazil 's maracana stadium . .  the hero : a photographer who would n't be fooled .  discover : how a chilean goalkeeper , a stray flare , and a hidden razor blade fooled official .
 only invest what you can afford to lose , bitcoin executive <sec> bitcoin 's executive director jon matonis tells cnn people should only invest what they can lose .  his comments come after the meltdown of mt gox , one of the biggest bitcoin exchanges .  matonis says bitcoin is still considered experimental , even though it 's very successful .  since its inception in 2009 , bitcoin has fluctuated wildly in valu .
 ken watanabe : samurai of the silver screen <sec> japanese actor is one of the stars of summer blockbuster `` inception '' .  recovered from leukemia to continue acting and make a number of hollywood films .  career began in theatre before film and tv roles often as enigmatic warrior .
 formula one : ferrari plays catch up <sec> ferrari is playing catch up , admits the team 's technical director .  the 2014 formula one season began on sunday with the australian grand prix .  ferrari 's fernando alonso finished in fourth position in melbourne .  alonso benefited from the disqualification of red bull driver daniel ricciard .
 former pinochet agents , soldiers ordered to trial <sec> chilean judge orders prosecution of 98 former pinochet soldiers , agents .  order is related to investigation of 60 people who disappeared in 1970s .  hundreds were killed or disappeared during augusto pinochet 's rule .  suspects are expected to appear in court in chile on tuesda .
 nato : senior al qaeda leader killed in afghanistan <sec> sakhr al-taifi , a saudi al qaeda leader , and another al qaeda member are killed .  al-taifi was al qaeda 's second-highest leader in afghanistan , nato says .  no civilians were harmed in the airstrike , isaf say .
 italian cruise ship captain freed from house arrest <sec> new : a newspaper publishes an account saying the captain credits `` a divine hand '' .  francesco schettino is freed from house arrest but must stay in his home town .  he was in charge of the costa concordia when it struck rocks and overturned .  schettino 's lawyer says his behavior under house arrest has been `` faultless .
 report : isis beat child captives near kobani <sec> group : 4 say they were among 100 boys taken by isis on way back from exams .  the boys say they and their fellow captives were beaten with hoses and cables .  isis militants forced them to take religious lessons , watch beheading videos .  isis has allegedly kidnapped , raped and killed in its campaign in syria , ira .
 russian arms dealer viktor bout handed 25-year federal sentence <sec> viktor bout is sentenced to 25 years in prison .  bout was convicted last year on four counts stemming from weapons deals .  his lawyer wanted the conviction overturned and said the prosecution was 'political .
 ebola crisis : liberia reopens borders , lifts curfew <sec> president ellen johnson sirleaf also lifted a nationwide curfew imposed in august .  her orders go into effect sunda .
 up close with rick perry 's hail mary <sec> `` hambycast '' follows rick perry 's retail politicking in south carolina .  perry wrapped his visit around his alma mater 's football game against south carolina .  texas governor recently indicted in what supporters see as a democratic witch hun .
 annette fredskov : a marathon a day made me stronger <sec> multiple sclerosis sufferer annette fredskov ran 366 marathons in 365 days .  the dane says her grueling year helped ease the symptoms of her disease .  the 41-year-old ran a total of 15,442 kilometers and got through 20 pairs of shoes .  `` my muscles and bones got stronger during the project , '' fredskov tells cn .
 kanye west gets probation in paparazzi attack <sec> kanye west must serve two years ' probation for the misdemeanor battery conviction .  the rapper must attend 24 anger management sessions , perform 250 hours of community service .  `` i was only doing my job , and he broke the law , '' photographer daniel ramos said .  the photographer is also suing west for damage .
 latin america 's first gay marriage halted <sec> freyre and di bello 's marriage was to coincide with world aids day on tuesday .  they would attempt to get their wedding license anyway , telam reported .  original ruling was that a ban on same-sex marriage was illegal .  court : injunction is temporary measure to postpone marriage pending review of original rulin .
 man featured on cnn 's 'the hunt ' killed during arrest <sec> marshal says a tip during cnn 's `` the hunt '' helped investigators crack the cold case .  before the tip , charles mozdir `` was off our grid , '' an investigator says .  mozdir was killed monday in a shootout with officers in new york city .  police have been looking for mozdir since 201 .
 11-year-old resuscitated after sand tunnel collapse <sec> boy , 11 , was digging a tunnel with friends on a beach in ocean city , maryland .  lifeguards rushed to help ; boy had no pulse and was n't breathing .  beach patrol captain : `` he basically went from dead to life '' .  boy recovering in hospital , expected to be released later wednesda .
 india vs. pakistan : how a cricketing rivalry matured <sec> arch-rivals india and pakistan face off at the cricket world cup in adelaide today .  a shared love of the game has provided an opening during times of tension between the neighbors .  india 's attitude towards the match-ups has matured as it has become more successful , writes ravi agrawa .
 'fast & furious ' star paul walker killed in car crash <sec> autoweek : the porsche carrera gt is a hard car to drive , even for professionals .  paul walker 's racing team partner was driving the porsche , cnn affiliate reports .  official identification of the remains will take days , coroner investigator says .  speed was a factor , the sheriff 's office say .
 the top 10 tech trends for 2012 <sec> mashable founder pete cashmore predicts which trends we 'll see more of next year .  led by facebook , more social networks will offer automated sharing of users ' web activity .  companies such as apple may use siri-like voice control to replace the tv remote .  nokia and samsung may release phones with bendable displays in 201 .
 cnn exclusive : nasa chief looks to commercial crafts for space station <sec> nasa 's space shuttle program has three missions left .  nasa administrator bolden looks to commercial companies for future space transport .  nasa will focus on a new heavy-lift rocket .  that rocket could `` take the first humans to mars , '' says bolde .
 gop stokes border fears over ebola , isis - cnnpolitics.com <sec> republicans say the southern u.s. border is vulnerable to ebola and isis fighters .  president obama 's administration says there 's nothing to their concerns .  gop rep. duncan hunter and candidates scott brown and thom tillis have pushed the issu .
 death toll grows to 38 in canadian runaway train catastrophe <sec> crews recovered three more bodies from train crash in lac-megantic .  unmanned train was parked in neighboring town of nantes on july 6 .  tank cars of oil exploded in heart of commercial distric .
 stop cashing in on bangladeshi workers <sec> questions remain over who was ultimately responsible for the bangladesh tragedy .  more than 700 died when a building collapsed while they worked .  not the first time bangladeshi workers have died due to poor safety standards .  hussein : government has done little to improve situation despite recurring issue .
 'the wizard of oz ' at 75 : did you know ... ? <sec> the classic film celebrates its 75th anniversary this year .  there is enduring fascination with `` the wizard of oz '' .  fans still clamoring for `` fun facts .
 dutch lawmaker 's film criticizing islam finds web host <sec> britain-based liveleak.com posts `` fitna , '' a film by geert wilders .  wilders , a member of the dutch parliament , is outspoken in his criticism of islam .  15-minute film includes disturbing images of terror attacks .  2nd film -- `` about fitna , the netherlands and wilders '' -- is a counterargumen .
