 building free homes for wounded vets <sec> dan wallrath 's organization built four houses for wounded vets in texas .  retired homebuilder started program after meeting father of wounded marine .  wallrath 's team remodeled house for free to make it handicapped-accessible .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2010 cnn heroe .
 opinion : keep new york 's carriage rides <sec> stephen malone 's carriage business goes back to his dad , who came from ireland .  he says carriage rides are iconic new york ; tourists come from all over to enjoy a ride .  malone : horses are treated very well ; stables are open to inspection 365 days a year .  malone : it is a thriving , well-regulated industry that ca n't be replaced with antique car .
 steve jobs ' childhood home may become historical site <sec> steve jobs grew up in a single-story , ranch-style house in los altos , california .  jobs and steve wozniak built the first apple computers there in the mid-'70 .
 loud music retrial : prosecutors want murder conviction <sec> jury selection begins in michael dunn 's retrial on murder charge .  dunn charged with killing jordan davis , 17 , after argument over loud music .  earlier this year , jury found dunn guilty of three counts of attempted murder .  however , jury was hung on first-degree murder charge , so prosecutors will try agai .
 alleged senior member of tijuana drug cartel extradited to u.s . <sec> eduardo arellano-felix , 55 , faces charges of narcotics trafficking and racketeering .  he was arrested in 2008 , after a gun battle with mexican forces .  two of his brothers have already been convicted in the united state .
 sheriff 's deputy , 2 others arrested in arizona human trafficking bust <sec> a deputy who was part of a unit targeting human smuggling is accused .  maricopa county sheriff joe arpaio calls the alleged connections `` despicable '' .  a detention officer had $ 16,000 in her purse when she was arrested , arpaio says .  critics recently called for arpaio 's resignation after a government audit of his agenc .
 online community stunned by jackson 's death <sec> stunned fans came together across the web to share memories of michael jackson .  thursday evening , 9 of the 10 top trending topics on twitter were about jackson .  many people appeared to find out about his death through social-networking sites .  sony bmg removes a calendar for the singer 's concert tour from jackson 's web sit .
 blagojevich indicted on 16 federal felony charges <sec> new : blagojevich declines comment , says `` i 'm enjoying disney world with my kids '' .  blagojevich faces up to 20 years in prison for each of 15 most serious charges .  officials going after his home , saying he bought it with illegally-earned money .  charges against him include wire fraud , making false statement .
 electrical blasts mistaken for attack at nairobi school <sec> students stampeded ; some jumped from a fifth story at a dorm ; one student died , school officials say .  the blasts were caused by faulty electrical cable , and kenya power is at the school .  the panic came less than two weeks after terrorists attacked kenya 's garissa universit .
 world 's top pet-friendly hotels <sec> many dog-friendly hotels offer special menus and treats for the pooch .  fiji spring water and vegetarian menus for dogs ? .  the loews annapolis hotel offers them .  united states a leader in dog-friendly hotel .
 jessica simpson opens up about weight , john mayer on 'oprah ' <sec> jessica simpson has been silent about the gossip surrounding her weight and relationships .  on wednesday , she told oprah winfrey how difficult the criticism has been .  the negative attention to her weight inspired her to do a show about global beauty .  now , simpson has found self-acceptance , she told winfre .
 tottenham face elimination after defeat <sec> tottenham on the brink of europa league elimination after a 2-1 defeat by paok salonika .  they need to win their final group a match and hope paok beat russians rubin kazan .  2010 winners atletico madrid clinch their place in the last 32 after a 1-0 victory at celti .
 bad back ? nerve stimulation wo n't help <sec> transcutaneous electric nerve stimulation does n't help back pain , study finds .  tens transmits weak electric current through electrodes at pain site .  other experts say research is insufficient to completely dismiss tens ' value .  back pain is the second most common cause of disability in the u.s. after arthriti .
 why democrats are jumping ship <sec> two democratic senators dropped their bids for re-election this week .  ruben navarrette says suddenly the democrats look more lost than the republicans .  he says the nation is worried that white house , congress are trying to do too much .  obama 's statement on terror plot did n't do enough to reassure americans , he say .
 nasa : mars may have had ocean the size of the atlantic <sec> scientists studied water in mars ' atmosphere with three giant infrared telescopes .  they compared the ratio of certain molecules on the planet with that of a mars meteorite that landed on eart .
 dennis rodman lands in north korea to train basketball team <sec> dennis rodman to help prepare north korean basketball players for an upcoming exhibition .  rodman is important to north korea 's attempts to project unity , columnist gordon chang says .  sister of kenneth bae calls on rodman to press for detainee 's releas .
 u.a.e . 's growing relationship with china <sec> dubai 's ruler met chinese president , hu jintao this week during an official visit .  the two countries -- both booming -- hope to strengthen business ties .  u.a.e . .  telecommunications firm etisalat signed a deal with huawei technologies .  the chinese conducted seminars on doing business in china for executive .
 ohio man sought in deaths of family kills self <sec> new : davon crawford shoots self after police find him in bathroom .  crawford was accused of shooting wife , her sister and her three children .  12-year-old escaped ; 7-year-old in hospital after being shot .  `` domestic argument '' may have sparked shooting , police chief say .
 opinion : black men in pain need our help <sec> suicide reportedly is the third leading cause of death for black males ages 10 to 24 .  michaela angela davis : a black man in pain is a story rarely told so it 's hard to believe otherwise .  she says navy yard gunman had issues and should have been checked for mental illness .  davis asks : can we as a society become more sensitive to black men who need help .
 opinion : harry reid : king of the hill <sec> paul begala : the great shutdown showdown of 2013 will go down in history .  begala : republicans were seeking an unattainable goal ; they were sure to fail .  he says sen. harry reid is the undisputed heavyweight champion of the shutdown .  begala : a former boxer , reid kept democrats united and reached deal with go .
 disgraced pastor haggard facing new sex allegations <sec> rev . .  ted haggard was fired after drug , male prostitute allegations in 2006 .  senior pastor tells cnn haggard had sexual relationship with church volunteer .  pastor says church reached settlement to keep 20-year-old from speaking publicly .  man given money for college tuition , moving expenses and counseling , pastor say .
 'space elevator ' would take humans into orbit <sec> japan group has more than 100 engineers trying to design a space elevator .  carbon nanotube would be used as a wire to lift the elevator into space .  western australia and the galapagos islands are potential locations for base station .  group sets the 2030s as a target to begin construction , although it could be late .
 tropical depression forms near honduras , nicaragua <sec> the tropical depression is the 18th of the hurricane season .  it is forecast to become tropical storm rina late sunday or monday .  a tropical storm watch is issued for portions of the honduran coas .
 ohio voters repeal law limiting union rights , cnn projects <sec> republican gov . .  john kasich congratulates his opposition .  ohioans will overturn a law limiting collective bargaining rights for public workers .  the bill passed in march , but had not yet gone into effect .  a similar bill was passed in wisconsin in marc .
 symbolic syrian mosque destroyed ; activists warn of phosphorus bombs <sec> omari mosque in daraa was the first place protesters gathered in 2011 .  rebels blame government forces for bringing it down .  syrian activists say the government is using more and more phosphorus bombs .  the bombs are controversial for the severe chemical burns they can caus .
 amputee pushes disabled athletes to aspire for more <sec> dick traum 's nonprofit is helping disabled athletes meet their potential , set new goals .  free training has benefited more than 10,000 athletes in 70 countries .  traum says `` camaraderie is the most important part of what we do '' .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroe .
 why poland 's grief is doubled <sec> plane crash killed many polish leaders headed to commemorate katyn massacre .  alex storozynski says the massacre by soviets in 1940 remains a source of friction .  polish president , killed in crash , was voice of those who wanted to know about the massacre .  storozynski hopes for reconciliation for russians and poles still seeking full trut .
 new year 's baby 's death shatters family , relationships <sec> 2008 new year 's baby of summit county , ohio , shaken to death .  father confessed to police , but attorney fighting murder charge .  autopsy on 12-week-old infant indicates earlier injuries .  tragedy destroys family , ruins relationship .
 committee : virginia tech should not cut down trees for sports complex <sec> virginia tech wants to build a new , $ 20 million indoor sports facility .  many old-growth trees near lane stadium would have to come down .  committee recommendation is to not cut down the trees .  two suggested alternate locations have been propose .
 football star helps the homeless <sec> angel rangel , the swansea city player , makes trip to homeless shelter .  spaniard took food to those at local homeless shelter following tweet appeal .  rangel promises to cook his famous spanish omelette next tim .
 welcome to the factory of the future <sec> germany 's industry is among the most successful in europe .  however , the aging population struggles to meet the demand for workforce .  a new project , factory of the future , tries to rethink the role of humans in manufacturin .
 'elite squad ' paints grim portrait of violence in brazil <sec> `` elite squad '' tells the story of a violent special operations unit in brazil .  jose padilha 's movie has raised debates about police brutality .  padilha says he wanted to explore the roots of police corruption and violence .  `` elite squad '' won the top prize at this year 's berlin international film festiva .
 analyze your facebook data with new wolfram alpha tool <sec> new tool from wolfram alpha analyzes your facebook data .  the report shows a wealth of information about your patterns and habits .  founder stephen wolfram says more personal analytics tools in the futur .
 after coup , looters target hospitals in central african republic <sec> as political turmoil rages , aid agencies are warning of a humanitarian crisis . .  the most vulnerable are children , who have been separated from relatives .  about 1.5 million people need assistance , and the number will go up , the u.n. warn .
 miroslav klose retires from international football <sec> world cup finals ' most prolific striker calls it a day following germany 's 2014 triumph .  klose scored 16 goals in four world cup finals and 71 in total for germany in 137 matches .  klose : `` records never concerned me -- it was always about giving my best for the team . .
 the state of reality tv <sec> heads of production companies behind `` jersey shore '' and `` pawn stars '' talk reality tv .  sallyann salsano and brent montgomery touch on how they pitch series and their favorites .  the two say they work hard to make reality tv look eas .
 prosecutor : 'tsarnaev was and is unrepentant ' <sec> the sentencing phase in dzhokhar tsarnaev 's trial begins in a federal court in boston .  prosecutor shows pictures of the four victims and tsarnaev flipping his middle finger .  victims testify about the impact of the bombing on their live .
 mars science lab launch delayed two years <sec> nasa 's launch of the mars science laboratory delayed until 2011 .  mars science lab is a large rover designed to traverse long distances .  delay is due to a number of `` testing and hardware challenges '' .  overall cost of mars science lab now projected to be roughly $ 2.1 billio .
 villagers : boko haram abducts 40 boys , young men <sec> armed boko haram militants went into a village , preached , then abducted 40 .  those kidnapped were between ages 10 and 23 , some of those who fled say .  boko haram has been blamed for similar incidents , like the taking of 200 schoolgirl .
 former house speaker tom foley dead at 84 <sec> new : obama lauds tom foley 's `` skill , dedication ' .  foley was a democrat who represented washington state in the house for 30 years .  after his tenure on capitol hill , he was appointed u.s. ambassador to japan .  current house speaker john boehner remembers him as `` forthright and warmhearted .
 agassi admits using crystal meth <sec> andre agassi has admitted that he used crystal methamphetamine .  the american used the drug in a year before winning the french open in 1998 .  the former world number one lied to the atp to cover up a positive dope test .  agassi is one of only four men to complete a career grand sla .
 driverless car tech gets serious at ces <sec> bmw and audi demonstrated autonomous driving vehicles at ces in las vegas .  self-driving cars face a number of technical , legal and human challenges .  the technology could appear on the roads in seven to 10 year .
 a : this game show is celebrating 50 years . q : what is 'jeopardy ! ' ? <sec> `` jeopardy ! '' .  debuted on nbc in 1964 -- 50 years ago .  show was a huge success on the network , has lasted 30 years in syndication .  quiz show has become part of pop cultural fabric .  host alex trebek has guided the show since 198 .
 nba team renamed brooklyn nets <sec> shawn `` jay-z '' carter , a part owner , reveals new name .  rapper says he will be first to perform at team 's future home .  barclays center set to open in september 201 .
 ex-tv meteorologist pleads guilty in case of phony assault report <sec> heidi jones pleads guilty to two misdemeanor counts .  she filed the false report in november .  a sentence of probation and community service has been agreed on , prosecutors sa .
 'celebrity apprentice ' lowest-rated finale yet <sec> billboard music awards telecast delivered 7.4 million viewers .  the two-hour `` celebrity apprentice '' finale had 6.8 million viewers .  it was the reality competition 's lowest-rated finale eve .
 traffic temporarily halted on bay bridge due to 'suspicious ' item <sec> new : a small item visible from the roadway looked `` suspicious , '' officer says .  new : it was located on an i-80 off-ramp to treasure island .  movement on the bridge was temporarily halted .  aerial video showed no traffic and police cars blocking entrance ramp .
 'weird al ' yankovic hits no . 1 with 'mandatory fun ' <sec> `` weird al '' yankovic 's new album debuts at no . .  1 .  it 's first comedy album to hit top spot since allan sherman 's `` my son , the nut '' .  songs have made hugely popular videos , also dominate streamin .
 5 questions on susan rice <sec> rice is focal point in benghazi response ; gop feels she misled americans in comments .  some republicans do n't think rice is independent enough to be secretary of state .  for john mccain , the fight over a possible rice nomination may be personal .  rice has supporters in congress ; most republican senators give her good mark .
 why the next pope should be african <sec> an african pope would show that african catholicism has come of age , says stan chu ilo .  latin america and africa account for more than half of the world 's catholics .  pope benedict xvi has described africa as a `` spiritual lung '' for humanity .  stan chu ilo asks : is the catholic church ready for a black pope .
 north korea reportedly test-fires missiles <sec> short-range missile fired last week , news agency says .  south korea wo n't comment on i .
 colleagues mourn longest-serving u.s. senator <sec> new : president obama : senate has `` lost a venerable institution '' .  questions raised about if/when a special election is required .  harry reid , senate democratic leader : `` there will never be another like him '' .  void `` can never be filled , '' says sen. jay rockefeller , d-west virgini .
 thank this waiter for mayweather-pacquiao fight <sec> gabriel salvador set up an initial meeting between a tv exec and manny pacquiao 's trainer .  salvador is an actor and waiter at craig 's restaurant in los angele .
 'cheated ' irish call for world cup replay <sec> new : republic of ireland officials lodge official complaint with world ruling body fifa .  new : fai also writes to french counterparts asking for world cup play-off to be replayed .  cameras showed france 's thierry henry guiding ball with his hand twice , before william gallas scored .  ex-france player david ginola said henry was only doing his job for his country and should not be blame .
 beijing sees significant increase of armed police presence on streets <sec> 150 police vehicles , 1,350 armed officers to be deployed on capital 's streets .  officials say deployment is measure to protect citizens against possible terror attacks .  significant stepping up of security comes ahead of 25th anniversary of june 4th crackdown on tiananmen square .  defense minister says that southern borders need to be better protected to prevent terroris .
 information overload : finding fitness that works for you <sec> researching a health topic can lead to confusion , frustration for newbies .  each celebrity trainer has their own way of fueling and working out your body .  you have to decide what 's best for you , fit nation member say .
 castro says he resigned as communist party chief 5 years ago <sec> many thought fidel castro still held the top spot in cuba 's communist party .  castro stepped down as president of cuba in 2006 due to health problems .  castro 's younger brother , raul , is expected to become party presiden .
 china 's new rules for singing national anthem <sec> anthem not allowed to be played or sung in settings with `` an inappropriate atmosphere '' .  people must sing `` march of the volunteers '' in its entirety .  there is no official word , yet , on how violators would be punishe .
 nor'easter blasts millions with snow , wind and bitter cold <sec> midnight , friday 's midday high tides could produce coastal flooding in massachusetts .  website : over 2,200 u.s. flights are canceled thursday ; about 1,000 so far friday .  parts of new york , massachusetts and maine are under blizzard warnings .  in addition to the snow and wind , frigid temperatures are a major concer .
 planet-hunting kepler spacecraft in trouble <sec> the kepler space observatory has identified 132 new planets .  a control wheel has stopped responding , leaving the craft unable to aim precisely at stars .  `` we 're not ready to call the mission over , '' nasa official say .
 chinese swimmer stuns with lochte-beating split <sec> chinese teenager who beat world record to swim again monday .  ye shiwen beat ryan lochte 's 50m split in relay saturday .  ye outpaced u.s. champion elizabeth beisel to win in 4 mins 28.43 seconds .  lochte : `` it was pretty impressive ... she might have beat me .
 texas nurse who contracted ebola sues hospital chain <sec> nina pham gave consent to release medical information , hospital company ceo says .  pham contracted ebola while treating a patient at a dallas hospital .  she says the hospital violated her privacy and did not provide adequate trainin .
 strange , but true . how chili can help save zambia 's elephants <sec> farmers in zambia using chili as relatively harmless way of stopping elephants from destroying crops .  according to the world wildlife fund , elephant numbers have reached 300,000 in sub-saharan africa .  less than 20 % of elephant populations in africa are under formal protection , wwf statistics sho .
 fbi : bodies of kidnapped u.s. contractors found <sec> new : remains found of two u.s. contractors who were abducted in iraq , fbi says .  u.s. death toll at 4,000 after four soldiers die when roadside bomb hits vehicle .  at least 35 iraqis killed in attacks sunday .  people killed in u.s. weekend strike were `` terrorists , '' not allies , u.s. say .
