 ambitious monaco promote technical director in management restructure <sec> french club monaco promote norwegian technical director tor-kristian karlsen .  karlsen takes up roles of chief executive officer and director general .  ligue 2 club last won french league title in 2000 .  russian billionaire dmitry rybolovlev bought majority stake in monaco in 201 .
 losing new year 's resolve ? google wants to help <sec> google offers an interactive map and other tools to help with new year 's resolutions .  global map lets users post resolutions and see others from around the world .  post also pulls together apps for diet , finance and other common resolution .
 the galaxy s iii : samsung 's next flagship phone ? <sec> the galaxy nexus is currently samsung 's best android phone .  when the galaxy s iii is unveiled , that phone will be worthy of flagship status .  conventional wisdom says the galaxy s iii will have a 4.7-inch screen and a 8+mp camer .
 natalee holloway 's mother consoles flores family <sec> stephany flores ' family speaks to holloway 's mother for the first time , victim 's brother says .  the two families are linked by joran van der sloot , held over flores killing .  van der sloot twice arrested but never charged over natalee holloway disappearance .  enrique flores hopes van der sloot trial can ease both families ' pai .
 police defuse bomb in buenos aires theater <sec> new : police say the bomb was designed to cause commotion .  former president alvaro uribe is scheduled to speak in the theater .  authorities are investigating to determine who planted the explosives .  last week a former top colombian official survived an assassination attempt in bogot .
 floating snowflake could be the world 's coolest hotel <sec> krystall hotel scheduled to open off the coast of norway in 2016 .  architect koen olthuis says the hotel is inspired by dutch floating houses .  krystall follows another floating hotel venture being build off the maldives .  designer says hotel design addresses climate change condition .
 mysterious cleopatra has 21st-century defender <sec> kathleen martinez has toiled for three years in egypt looking for cleopatra 's tomb .  martinez says the egyptian queen has gotten an unfair reputation over the centuries .  cleopatra spoke nine languages and was a philosopher and poet , martinez says .  so was marc antony 's lover beautiful or plain or ugly ? .  that debate rages o .
 tensions rise between doctors and patients in china <sec> in beijing a patient left a female doctor with 17 stab wounds .  chinese weekly caixin , said at least eight similar cases have occurred in 2011 .  out of 3,704 doctors , 91.9 % said their job involves many sacrifices for low pay .  china 's considering administrative and legal action to deal with doctor-patient dispute .
 four killed in blasts targeting mosque , police <sec> a parked car bomb explodes outside an organization that manages mosques .  two police officers killed in roadside bomb attack in baghdad 's mansour district .  suicide car bomber dies after slamming into baquba police building , injuring 1 .
 underground in the outback <sec> coober pedy is a remote australian opal-mining town .  underground homes and hotels hide residents and visitors from the blistering sun .  50 countries are represented in the town of fewer than 2,000 resident .
 travelers to china risk 'random ' quarantine <sec> travelers to china with flu-like symptoms could face 7-day quarantine .  chinese government officials try to control spread of h1n1 virus .  new orleans , louisiana , mayor ray nagin recently quarantined on china tri .
 cleveland abductions a chilling reminder of 'house of horrors ' <sec> the abductions of women freed monday have things in common with the `` house of horrors '' .  in october 2009 , 11 female bodies were discovered at one man 's property .  the women in both cases had things in common with each other .  in both cases , the abductions occurred in a neighborhood the women kne .
 trans-pacific balloon flight surpasses <sec> balloon expedition across the pacific sets two gas ballooning records .  the balloon is expected to land saturday in mexico .  it launched from japan last wee .
 autism 911 : help for a family in chaos <sec> cdc : autism and related disorders affect one out of every 150 children .  each autistic child is unique in his or her behavior , but there are common threads .  social skills , communication are common problem areas .  marissa screams , throws tantrums -- behavior her family hopes to chang .
 lpga tour golfer erica blasberg found dead <sec> lpga tour golfer erica blasberg has been found dead .  25-year-old blasberg joined the lpga tour in 2005 .  blasberg 's agent says he is `` devastated '' by the new .
 google says outage is over <sec> google 's web services were down for some users wednesday morning .  reports of outages began about 9:30 a.m . .  et and lasted about an hour .  google said the issues affected users in four u.s. states but have been fixed .  twitter jokester : `` looks like the mayans were only off by 6ish months ... .
 debate poll says biden won , palin beat expectations <sec> 51 percent say democratic sen. joe biden wins vice presidential debate .  republican gov . .  sarah palin exceeds expectations , 84 percent say .  palin beats biden on likability , 54-36 .  87 percent say biden is qualified for job , 42 percent say palin i .
 how do you design a building when your client is god ? <sec> india plans to build world 's largest hindu temple , towering 123 meters tall .  but creating sacred structures in the modern age is not for the faint-hearted .  spectacular book explores religious architecture from across the world .  new trend rejects ostentatious iconography , in favor of minimalis .
 couple tries to name child ' @ ' <sec> chinese couple try to name baby `` @ '' .  father claims character translates as `` love him '' .  officials have not revealed if the name has been allowe .
 syrian children struggle in refugee camps as winter tightens its grip <sec> more than 8,000 syrians live as refugees in al qaem , iraq , near the syrian border .  conditions at the al qaem camps are expected to worsen over the winter .  amy mina with save the children recently visited the camps to distribute supplies for newborns .  save the children is providing aid to syrian refugees in iraq , lebanon and jorda .
 best movies about the end of the world <sec> if the world comes to an end today , it wo n't be the first time -- at least not on film .  a man tries to protect his son from the horror that is other people in `` the road '' .  bruce willis is sent back from the future to isolate the cause of a pandemic in `` 12 monkeys .
 pope : sex abuse scandal 'terrifying ' <sec> pope benedict xvi says reality of church child abuse scandal is `` terrifying '' .  pontiff says most serious attacks on the church come from within .  benedic was speaking en route to portuga .
 ghanian artist who transforms bottle tops into masterpieces <sec> el anatsui is an internationally renowned ghanaian artist who lives and works in nigeria .  he is known for monumental sculptures using recycled waste that he collects in nigeria .  he is considered to be one of the foremost contemporary artists of his generation .  largest ever installation `` broken bridge ii '' on display at the high line in new yor .
 clinton : internet 'information curtain ' is dropping <sec> hillary clinton says a cyber attack on one nation is an attack on all .  secretary of state said there 's been a spike of threats to internet freedom .  speech comes as google considers leaving china because of censorship worries .  freedoms should include access to internet , freedom of speech and worship , she sai .
 switching off from the 24-7 work ethic <sec> entrepreneur and workaholic bob dorf says `` switching off '' is vital for your work , and private life .  try turning your back on your inboxes after 5pm , he advises .  dorf saus exercise breaks and gym workouts can help you re-energiz .
 a supreme court without protestants ? <sec> current supreme court has six catholics , two jews and one protestant .  absence of a strong tradition of lawyering among evangelical protestants .  only one of the supreme court candidates on obama 's short list is a protestant .  more evangelicals have begun pursuing legal degrees in the last few decade .
 having a ball with helper 'bots on mars <sec> smaller , round robots could help the next rover mission to mars .  each ball runs on two solar-powered motors .  some of the advantages include not flipping over and fewer motors to repai .
 great-grandmother donates 200th pint of blood <sec> margaret delfino , 90 , began donating blood in 1954 in bakersfield , california .  delfino was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2001 , but has since recovered .  delfino : `` it can mean the difference between life and death for some people .
 opinion : when mom earns more , it 's tough on dad <sec> a pew study finds that in one in four families , mothers make more than fathers .  peggy drexler : men say they support equality , but are struggling with this new reality .  she says husbands feeling low self-esteem must talk it over with spouse to find real reasons .  drexler : it 's important if a man is not working or is earning less , he is still an equal partne .
 trailer released for kurt cobain documentary 'montage of heck ' <sec> the trailer surfaced on wednesday .  the documentary is winning raves .  it premieres on hbo on may .
 bush meets putin over georgia fighting <sec> international organizations call for end to fighting in breakaway georgia region .  fighting in south ossetia escalated friday ; russian tanks moved to the region .  president bush : the united states supports georgia 's territorial integrity .  georgia , formerly part of the soviet union , now has ambitions of joining nat .
 sri lankan red cross worker killed in conflict zone <sec> red cross worker killed during shelling in the conflict zone in sri lanka .  majurin sivakurunathan was killed along with his mother during shelling .  fighting between sri lankan troops and rebel tamil tigers has intensifie .
 middle finger 'malfunction ' mars super bowl halftime show <sec> new : rapper m.i.a . .  was `` nervous and not thinking , '' a source says .  nbc says its system was late to obscure the gesture .  the nfl says the gesture was inappropriate and disappointing .  the halftime show generated 8,000 tweets per secon .
 macedonian pm : greece is avoiding talks over name dispute <sec> the dispute over macedonia 's state name with greece began when the country gained independence in 1991 .  in 2011 the international court of justice ruled that greece was wrong to block macedonia 's bid to nato in 2008 .  macedonia already `` sufficiently '' meets the political criteria to open negotiations , according to european commissio .
 statutory rape case dismissed after alleged victim commits suicide <sec> a statutory rape case is dismissed when the alleged victim , 14 , takes her own life .  the 18-year-old former defendant says the sexual encounter was consensual .  michigan law does not allow only the defendant 's testimony to prove a case .  the girl was discovered by her 12-year-old brother after she hanged hersel .
 questlove : new d'angelo album will be 'a radical 180 turn ' <sec> the roots drummer questlove said d'angelo will take a 'radical 180 turn ' with his next record .  d'angelo made his first u.s. concert appearance in 12 years on at bonnaroo on june 9th .  questlove hopes the appearance will convince d'angelo to release his l .
 wallabies level series as ashley-cooper try sinks british lions <sec> australia beat british and irish lions 16-15 in second test .  late try from adam ashley-cooper proves decisive .  levels three-test series at 1-1 ahead of final match in sydney .  leigh halfpenny comes up short with late penalty for lion .
 newtown school shooting 911 calls to be released wednesday <sec> state attorney drops appeal of court 's decision to release the recordings .  the associated press had requested the audio files be released .  the 2012 shooting left 26 people dead , including 20 children .  it 's the second-deadliest shooting in u.s. histor .
 foreigners taxed out of hong kong property ? <sec> foreigners are taxed additional 15 % for purchasing new homes in hong kong .  new property tax comes after 9 % of home purchases by mainland chinese .  chinese would-be home buyer calls new policy `` unfair .
 clarke breaks ponting 's australian record <sec> australia captain michael clarke sets new record for runs scored in calendar year .  clarke hits 106 against sri lanka to pass ricky ponting 's national milestone of 1,544 .  home side reach 440-8 on day two , with mitchell johnson on 73 , for overall lead of 284 .  clarke scores his first test century in melbourne , while shane watson makes 8 .
 strong earthquake rattles southwest mexico <sec> new : mexico city 's mayor reports some blackouts , no major damage .  the depth of the quake was some 40 miles , the u.s. geological survey says .  there were no immediate reports of injurie .
 opinion : blindsided by the realities of obamacare <sec> sen. mitch mcconnell says that four years after the affordable care act was signed , many americans still struggle .  mcconnell points to president 's repeated claims that it would n't disrupt people 's existing health care plans .  he tells of several constituents who are `` reeling from that broken promise .
 experts expect more chaos in libya , whatever gadhafi 's fate <sec> `` i think there 's going to be a good amount of chaos , '' says one libya expert .  gadhafi has `` eviscerated '' civil society organizations .  tribal leaders expected to seek a solutio .
 federer to face djokovic in season climax <sec> roger federer will play world no . .  1 novak djokovic in final of season-ending tournament .  defending champion federer beats world no . .  3 andy murray in sunday 's semifinal .  federer will be seeking a record-extending seventh title , and his third in a row .  djokovic beats juan martin del potro to reach final for second time , his first in londo .
 woman dies after ray strikes her <sec> new : woman 's death result of impact after fish strikes her on boat , officials say .  victim was 57-year-old woman from michigan .  spotted eagle ray weighed about 75 pounds , sheriff 's spokeswoman says .  woman , who was with her father and family , was pronounced dead at hospita .
 7 national parks you 've never heard of <sec> the national park service now operates 397 parks and monuments .  this veterans day weekend over 100 national parks will waive their entrance fees .  take a chance on one of the park service 's more unusual and lesser-visited locale .
 obama : rest of my presidency is for working-class america <sec> new : president obama takes on republican foes , vowing to take matters into his own hands .  obama reprises campaign themes of equal opportunity for all .  the president seeks to frame the political debate with major budget , debt issues looming .  an obama goal is to put new pressure on republicans to work with democrat .
 can 'the walking dead ' stars survive season 5 ? <sec> season five of top-rated `` the walking dead '' returns sunday .  most of the survivors were in danger , having been locked up in a train car at the end of season four .  executive producer gale anne hurd `` ca n't imagine '' that it wo n't be a deadly seaso .
 it 's a girl for french president sarkozy , wife bruni <sec> sarkozy and bruni welcome the arrival of a daughter .  a friend says the mother is doing well .  it is the first child for the coupl .
 oregon woman detained in east timor is headed home <sec> stacey addison was detained by police in september during a taxi journey .  she says another passenger in the cab picked up a package containing drugs .  addison was on a nearly two-year trip around the worl .
 an awards show unlike any other <sec> `` cnn heroes : an all-star tribute '' will air sunday at 8 p.m . .  et .  the live , global telecast will be at the shrine auditorium in los angeles .  the annual show honors the top 10 cnn heroes of 2011 ; one will be named hero of the year .  dr. sanjay gupta interviews the heroes and celebrities exclusively for cnn.co .
 hawaii : 13-year-old cliff diver goes missing <sec> boy jumped off cliff near hapuna beach state park on hawaii 's big island .  u.s. coast guard searching for 13-year-ol .
 pato 's derby double gives milan title edge over 10-man inter <sec> ac milan move five points clear of second-placed champions inter with 3-0 derby win .  striker alexandre pato scores first two goals as inter 's christian chivu is sent off .  substitute antonio cassano nets third from penalty spot but is then booked twice .  brescia out of the relegation zone on goal difference after a 3-1 win at home to bologn .
 no matchy-matchy in the bedroom , please <sec> decorators : bed-in-a-bag sets can be stiff and too coordinated for a cozy room . .  `` a bedroom can be uncomfortable if it 's too formal , '' blogger corrie moore said of furniture choices .  share your gorgeous mantel photos and ideas on the next cnn open house ireport assignmen .
 man pleads guilty to poisoning auburn trees <sec> harvey updyke pleads guilty .  he was accused of poisoning famed oak trees at auburn .  he gets jail time , probatio .
 swine flu drug sales soar amid stockpiling <sec> new : ceo : boost from swine flu vaccine will likely increase profits later this year .  sales of flu drug relenza soar as governments stockpile in case of pandemic .  around the world there have been 98,000 cases of swine flu in 120 countries .  with 29 deaths , britain has the worst swine flu figures in europ .
 feeding people on ebola 's front lines <sec> more than 3,000 people have died from the ebola virus since march .  guinea , liberia and sierra leone have been hit hardest .  the united nations world food programme is feeding people in affected areas .  workers use megaphones and `` air bridges '' to avoid contaminatio .
 cheney does not favor any attempt to impeach obama <sec> former vice president dick cheney interviewed on cnn .  cheney says obama may be worse president than jimmy carter .  some conservatives like sarah palin calling for obama impeachment .  new : cheney takes no blame for iraq , says today 's debacle mainly due to obam .
 a rare glimpse inside pro- and anti-government protests in syria <sec> opposition protester : `` al-assad is killing us '' because `` we want to be free '' .  injured demonstrators say they wo n't go to government hospitals , fearing arrest .  al-assad supporter : `` he is a peaceful president ... he is a peaceful man '' .  if al-assad is forced to go , `` it will be chaos , '' one man say .
 no traffic snarls expected after occupy 'day of action ' <sec> no incidents and additional arrests are reported overnight , authorities say .  over 200 people were arrested in new york on thursday , according to police .  fifty more were arrested in los angeles incidents , an officer say .
 slain dental student was tirelessly charitable , kind <sec> they were `` the best you can imagine an american kid to be , '' father says .  friend : deah barakat was raising money for syrian refugees and gave often to charity .  he , his wife and her sister were shot to death tuesday ; man facing murder charge .
 altintop amongst three players to leave bayern munich <sec> hamit altintop is one of three players who will leave bayern munich after saturday .  midfielders altintop and andreas ottl and goalkeeper thomas kraft all leaving club .  kraft has already signed a contract to join bundesliga newcomers hertha berli .
 mayor of alaska village walks on four paws <sec> stubbs became mayor of talkeetna , alaska , 15 years ago .  he won as a write-in candidate when residents did n't like the humans on the ballot .  the mayor prefers to drink water from a wine glass with catnip in it .  pizza shop owner : the mayor often turns up unexpectedly inside random store .
 return of the routemaster : london 's iconic bus makes a comeback <sec> london 's routemaster bus is getting a 21st-century makeover .  english designer thomas heatherwick has created a stylish successor to 1950s icon .  three sets of doors and two staircases included in new design .  it also features a rear platform and improved lighting and fuel efficienc .
