 un votes against north korea on human rights <sec> u.n. committee favors draft resolution referring n. korea to international criminal court .  the vote is merely recommendation .  the authority to refer a country to the icc lies only with the u.n. security council .  north korea has repeatedly denied the existence of political camps or human rights abuse .
 does the u.s. matter any more in egypt and israel ? <sec> aaron miller : secretary of state to visit egypt and israel as u.s. clout in those nations wanes .  in egypt , clinton will be stuck between islamists and anti-democracy generals , he writes .  miller : in israel , domestic issues and iran are bigger issues than america 's concerns .  miller : the u.s. ca n't stop israel if it plans to attack iran nor influence egypt 's politic .
 troubling legacy of sandy hook may be backlash against kids with autism <sec> there are reports alleged connecticut gunman adam lanza had a form of autism .  parents are reaching out to principals to make sure kids with autism are n't being targeted .  people with autism are battling misunderstanding and feeling scrutinize .
 parents rammed cars into burning day care <sec> new : funerals for children killed in mexican day care center fire begin .  neighbors describe panic , horror as parents try to rescue kids from burning building .  one door was padlocked shut and children could n't get to high windows , officials say .  at least 41 children die in fire ; dozens more in hospitals in mexico and u.s .
 javier ballesteros takes first steps to emulating legendary dad seve <sec> seve ballesteros ' son javier competes in first professional golf tournament .  the 21-year-old 's first pro start comes at same course his late father made his debut .  seve is one of the most famous names in golf winning five majors during a glittering career .  javier to decide whether to become a full time pro after completing law studies at colleg .
 couple faces 29 felony counts , life in jail in kidnapping <sec> new : sex offender , wife plead not guilty at arraignment .  authorities have search warrant for garrido home relating to 1990 killings .  victim reportedly kept in isolation in backyard with children fathered by captor .  police : phillip garrido admitted abducting victim when she was 1 .
 american arrested in death of irish woman in tokyo hotel room <sec> police decline to name the 19-year-old murder suspect because of his age .  nicola furlong , an irish exchange student , was found dead in a tokyo hotel .  a second american , james blackston , is charged with groping the dead woman 's friend .  blackston 's lawyer says his client is not guilty and will fight the charge .
 facebook introduces check-in feature <sec> facebook makes announcement at its headquarters on wednesday .  company debuts location-based feature like foursquare or gowalla .  foursquare , gowalla and other services to enhance their integration with facebook .  feature available immediately in the united states ; more countries to com .
 facebook : 2.7 million profile picture updates <sec> group appealed to facebook users to change their profile pics this week .  facebook data showed a 120 % bump in new profile pictures over the previous tuesday .  increases were greater in college towns , major citie .
 dr. dog on staying true to 'the process ' <sec> dr. dog has recorded six albums and performed on `` late night with jimmy fallon '' and `` conan '' .  `` i feel like everything we 've done has been this slow burn , '' says founding member toby leaman .  `` we 've been doing it for a long time , '' band co-founder scott mcmicken say .
 summer camp , sick kids , new world view <sec> in 1996 , catherine maclean learned she had aplastic anemia , hospital stays became her norm .  hole in the wall gang camps , started by paul newman , helped her transition to more normal life .  there , campers learn how the world might be if a diagnosis did n't control their every move .  as catherine finishes up her first year of college , she looks forward to many possibilitie .
 13 of america 's most photogenic places <sec> travel photographer shares his picks for the most photogenic spots in america .  `` if you go to the grand canyon , it 's pretty hard to screw up , '' he says .  avoid shooting in the middle of the day for the best light , he suggest .
 patricia modell , actress and wife of art modell , dead at 80 <sec> modell was married to art modell , the former owner of an nfl franchise .  she is survived by her husband , sons , and grandchildren .  modell started acting on television in 194 .
 'i just crash landed at sfo . i 'm ok. surreal ' <sec> samsung executive tweeted about the asiana flight 214 's crash landing .  other passengers describe a harrowing experience .  witnesses at the airport and on other planes see crash up close .  some thought it was instant death for those on boar .
 manson murder mystery : lapd hopes decades-old tapes hold clues <sec> a federal judge rules `` tex '' watson waived attorney-client privilege in 1976 .  the tapes contain eight hours of recordings between watson and his attorney .  watson sold the tapes for $ 49,000 to the man who wrote his story .  lapd investigators believe the tapes might hold clues to unsolved killing .
 why parents of teens should have a criminal defense lawyer on speed dial <sec> parents of teens should have a criminal defense lawyer in mind -- just in case , says author .  author lisa green calls this the `` unrecognized area '' that parents of teens `` miss all the time '' .  in 24 states , parents can be held liable for teen drinking in their hom .
 armenian leader in turkey for 'soccer diplomacy ' <sec> armenian president 's visit comes amid thaw in relations between neighbors .  turkey , armenia signed protocols at weekend to establish diplomatic ties .  president sarkisian has faced angry protests at home over rapprochement .  sarkisian attends soccer match ; gul attended match in yerevan last yea .
 10 street foods to try in morocco <sec> best moroccan food is found at home or in the streets , not in restaurants .  cities for street food include fez , marrakech and essaouira .  street food is popular for breakfast and lunch , draws on morocco 's mix of berber , arab and european culture .
 holder : drone strikes have killed four americans since 2009 <sec> attorney general eric holder acknowledges toll in letter to senate chairman .  latest disclosure was classified until now ; obama asked holder to release info .  admission comes one day before president obama delivers speech on terror policy .  new : holder letter reveals details on alleged bomb plots involving u.s. aviatio .
 bayern munich share points with dortmund <sec> bayern munich drop points against dortmund as lead at top of bundesliga cut to eight points .  bayer leverkusen beat nuremburg 1-0 ; schalke drop more points as poor league run continues .  ten-man mainz beat hannover 2-1 to move up to sixth in tabl .
 saving lives for 75 years : 'batman helped me find my voice ' <sec> batman celebrates his 75th birthday on sunday .  fans of the character can identify with his humanity and overcoming trauma to do good .  joshua paul hawkins dealt with growing up in a broken home through emulating batman .  fans shared their stories of identifying with batman through cnn irepor .
 obama pushes government technology upgrade <sec> president obama announces 43 new innovation fellows to improve government efficiency .  white house budget director will oversee the effort .  obama also calls on his cabinet to come up with better technology management strategies .  one idea would track federal benefit applicants like a package being delivere .
 police remove explosives from washington state apartment building <sec> police remove a half pound of highly sensitive explosives .  triacetone triperoxide is sensitive to impact , temperature change , friction .  john d. raymond , 53 , is being held on a civil bench warrant .  hazmat unit called in to decontaminate the scene before residents can retur .
 progressives gird for capitol hill battle <sec> a bruising midterm election has prompted a backlash from progressives in congress .  they see elizabeth warren , not president barack obama , as their leader .  they 're expecting significant battles with republicans to defend their prioritie .
 cnn student news transcript : november 29 , 2010 <sec> north korea voices anger and threats over international military exercises .  haitian candidates say fraud ran rampant during their country 's elections .  a former nfl quarterback talks concussions and staying in the game anyway .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 samsung to file injunction against apple for iphone 4s <sec> samsung accuses apple of two patent infringements .  the two companies have sued and countersued each other in recent month .
 kepler telescope makes quick discovery <sec> kepler orbiting observatory beginning mission to find planets the size of earth .  it has found that a planet orbiting a distant star shows only one side to the star .  `` kepler learned something new about an old planet , '' says team membe .
 groups file suit over government power to kill american terrorists <sec> two human rights groups file a lawsuit against government 's targeting of american terrorists .  aclu , ccr say they represent the father of yemeni-american cleric anwar al-awlaki .  the groups challenge the u.s. government 's authority to kill american terrorists living abroa .
 why do n't some boys see it as rape ? <sec> a video shows boys talking about the alleged rape in steubenville , ohio .  peggy sanday : incident demonstrates a split in the boy rape-prone sexual culture .  she says some boys stage a sexual spectacle for their mates as part of a night 's fun .  sanday : other boys are able to name rape when they see it , as some do in the vide .
 manson 's lasting legacy : 'live freaky , die freaky ' <sec> seven died in two-day manson murder spree 40 years ago .  killers inflicted 169 stab wounds , seven gunshot wounds .  charles manson did n't personally commit murders , got others to do it .  manson , others serving life term .
 stars and stripes accuses u.s. military of censorship in iraq <sec> newspaper says military 's rejection of embed request is censorship .  paper wanted reporter heath druzin to be embedded with army division in iraq .  army rejects request , cites druzin 's previous interactions with division .  army denies accusations , says different reporter may embed with divisio .
 state department : north korea confirms detention of american <sec> detained man 's wife : `` the family feels there has been dreadful misunderstanding '' .  `` the postcards sent to friends ... describe good times , good weather , '' she said .  state department has declined to identify the american , citing privacy issues .  but family of merrill newman , 85 , says he 's been held by north korea since octobe .
 veterans affairs allows burial for same-sex couple in oregon <sec> the secretary of veterans affairs uses his discretionary authority to permit the burial .  it 's believed to be the first of its kind involving the same-sex spouse of a military veteran .  oregon senator hopes case `` is just the first of many for same-sex couples across the nation .
 ibm 's 5 predictions for the future <sec> governments and companies will collect personal data to improve services and schools .  ibm released a list of five innovations it thinks will take off in the next five years .  smart schools that learn about students and cities that learn about citizens will emerg .
 israel 's mission in gaza is not about security -- so what is it about ? <sec> palestinian political analyst : `` israel largely responsible for truce breakdowns [ with gaza ] '' .  nadia hijab : israel 's new operations could be motivated by forthcoming israeli elections .  israel could also be looking to maintain a deterrence , says hijab .  `` what is needed now is an immediate cease-fire , '' hijab say .
 man with loaded gun walks into baltimore police station <sec> man says he was told to go to station by street gang black guerilla family .  officers find him suspicious , search him and find loaded handgun , drug .
 santiago : south america 's silicon valley ? <sec> $ 40,000 investment , working visa and office space offered to high potential companies .  successful businesses selected by panel of silicon valley experts .  by 2014 grants will have been granted to 1,000 firms for a total of $ 40 millio .
 luca moneta : meet show jumping 's 'carrot man ' <sec> luca moneta is known as `` the carrot man '' .  the italian show jumper one of the best in the world & targeting gold at rio 2016 .  the 46-year-old uses carrots to inspire his horse and treats it as an equal .  moneta subscribes to parelli program of horsemanshi .
 cnn fact check : are recent earthquakes connected ? <sec> fact check : is there any connection between the recent deadly earthquakes ? .  earthquakes are sporadic , unpredictable in nature , says georgia tech expert .  cnn meteorologist : great time intervals , distances indicate quakes are n't connected .  while quakes often trigger other seismic events , recent events are thought to be unrelate .
 hurricane paloma strengthens as it heads to caymans <sec> new : cayman island residents flee homes for shelters , fortified buildings .  paloma has 115-mph winds ; storm-surge flooding expected in caymans .  evacuations under way in parts of cuba ; safety advisories issued .  projected path would steer hurricane away from u.s. mainlan .
 cnn student news - september 19 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 'runaway general , ' or runaway reporter ? <sec> an article entitled `` the runaway general '' puts gen. stanley mcchrystal under scrutiny .  michael innes says president obama should n't fire mcchrystal based on this one article .  he says the piece fails to put comments by mcchrystal and his staff in context .  innes says reporter failed to weave threads of his reporting into a more coherent whol .
 rihanna to produce uk fashion competition show <sec> the show is set to debut on the sky living channel in britain .  it will be hosted by girls aloud singer nicola roberts .  it will include appearances by rihanna herself , though it is unclear how frequentl .
 afghanistan : taliban blamed for fresh violence ahead of elections <sec> nato chief praises work of afghan security forces , says overall violence has fallen .  the taliban kill a provincial council candidate and nine supporters , police say .  in kabul , a suicide bomber kills six afghan policemen at interior ministry gate , official says .  the taliban have vowed to disrupt april 5 elections and punish those involved in the .
 romney 's 'birther ' line is no joke <sec> donna brazile : mitt romney 's birth certificate `` joke '' was n't innocuous .  she says it 's part of a campaign that uses coded messages to devalue the president .  brazile : romney wrongly accused obama of weakening welfare reform .  she says romney is seeking to distract attention from questions he wo n't answe .
 cuarón 's son makes picture perfect film <sec> jonás cuarón 's debut feature , `` año uña '' is a montage of photographic stills .  jonás is the son of mexican new wave director , alfonso cuarón .  father and son have launched a short film competition for young filmmaker .
 19 dead in record japan snowfall <sec> new : death toll from snowstorm hits 19 .  latest storm comes days after heaviest snow in decades .  major transport disruptions in parts of japan .  365 injured by heavy snowfal .
 pakistani taliban threaten to kill former president pervez musharraf <sec> authorities also threaten to arrest musharraf if he returns .  the former president has been in self-imposed exile for five years .  the former general became president in a bloodless military coup in 1999 .  benazir bhutto was assassinated on his watch , and some blame him for not protecting he .
 troops discover mass grave in iraq <sec> mass grave found north of baghdad , includes mutilated remains of at least 16 men .  one iraqi killed and five people wounded by a car bomb in northern baghdad .  eleven people detained in countrywide coalition raids targeting al qaeda in ira .
 family : 'strong possibility ' leanne bearden meant to leave <sec> leanne bearden was reported missing january 17 after not returning from a walk .  a big search in texas followed for the 33-year-old world traveler .  the family says `` there is evidence that leanne may have voluntarily left the area '' .  they call her `` extremely vulnerable '' and continue asking for the public 's hel .
 sochi 2014 : 'i did it for dad ' says u.s. oiympic hero joss christensen <sec> american debutant joss christensen wins freestyle skiing slopestyle gold .  chinese skater li jianrou takes honors in women 's short-track 500m .  zhang hong wins china 's first ever speed skating gold medal .  german dominance in luge continues with relay gol .
 why centrist voters are fed up <sec> john avlon says health care summit comes amid a period of bipartisan dysfunction in government .  historically , frustrated independent voters increase in this climate , hold balance of power , he says .  let down by bipartisan gridlock , stalled agenda , faltering economy , independents have broken with obama .  avlon : health care meeting is chance for parties to show independents they can chang .
 eu threatens legal action over controversial reforms in hungary <sec> new : the european commission president says he wants to see eu law fully respected .  new : president barroso and prime minister orban are to meet in brussels next week .  the eu and the imf have threatened to withhold aid over the matter .  the opposition and rights groups have criticized the country 's new constitutio .
 man detained in aruba last year charged with indecent exposure in maryland <sec> gary vincent giordano , 51 , and a woman are charged with indecent exposure in maryland .  police charge the couple after receiving a call about possible sexual activity in an suv .  giordano `` completely nude '' in suv parked in annapolis garage , police said .  giordano was held last year in aruba in the disappearance of a woman traveling with hi .
 murder probe after body found on queen 's estate <sec> new : police say the young woman 's body has been at the site for between 1 and 4 months .  the remains were found by a member of the public in woods on the huge estate .  the queen and royal family spend christmas at sandringham .  buckingham palace has not confirmed whether the queen is aware of the grisly fin .
 ex-detroit mayor kilpatrick convicted in corruption case <sec> new : judge orders kwame kilpatrick and ferguson to detention facility until sentencing .  kilpatrick could face up to 20 years in prison .  the mayor is found guilty of using bid rigging , extortion and nonprofit funds to enrich himself .  kilpatrick was detroit mayor from 2002 until he resigned in 200 .
 china sends jets into disputed air space ; japan , south korea defiant <sec> official : china warplanes fly as `` defensive measure '' into newly declared zone .  south korea says it has flown into disputed zone since chinese declaration .  south korea says it is considering expanding its air defense zone in retaliation .  tokyo suggests it has also patrolled the contested airspace since beijing 's announcemen .
 cheney : obama should 'correct ' criticism of bush 's anti-terror tactics <sec> cheney says obama should back off past criticism of the bush anti-terror policies .  cheney says a strike that killed anwar al-awlaki shows obama is embracing bush tactics .  former rep. jane harman says critiques of the bush administration remain valid .  former cia director michael hayden says drone strikes are critical to al qaeda figh .
 first on cnn : jeb bush heading to 2016 primary state <sec> jeb bush will travel to south carolina next month .  the trip marks his first stop to an early presidential primary state in the 2016 cycle .  bush is thinking about running for the gop presidential nominatio .
 1 dead , scores of arrests and injuries outside u.s. embassy in cairo <sec> new : an interior ministry spokesman reports 145 arrests and 53 policemen injured .  new : 1 protester , an ex-convict , is killed by birdshot , the interior ministry adds .  there have been scores of injuries over the last four days near the u.s. embassy .  one analyst said obama put morsy `` on notice '' to tamp down violenc .
 no burqa required : muslim world weighs in on women 's dress <sec> a tight-fitting scarf is the most appropriate thing for a woman to wear , middle easterners say .  nearly half of saudis say a woman should be allowed to choose what she wears .  egypt is the most conservative country in the region by some measures .  the findings come from a survey of seven countries across the middle eas .
 insider attacks : why do some afghan forces kill allies ? <sec> afghan defense official : recruits must pass background checks and provide government references .  insider attacks are sometimes committed by afghan soldiers , sometimes by the taliban .  official : motives range from emotional stress to being influenced by insurgency .  coalition forces use `` guardian angels , '' or armed troops who guard at meal times and at nigh .
 spain : conveyer belt that killed 5-month-old was n't moving at first <sec> the conveyer belt did not start moving until after the mother placed her baby on it .  the child was fatally injured by the carousel 's rollers , authorities say .  the mother , an american , also had another young child with he .
 malaysian journalist killed in somalia <sec> malaysian prime minister mourns the loss of national `` hero '' .  cameraman was traveling with a humanitarian convoy to film malaysia famine project .  somali government said african union peacekeepers fired on nor 's convoy .  somalia is one of the world 's most dangerous places for journalists , activists sa .
