 white house drug policy focuses on treating addiction <sec> drug czar : incarceration of nonviolent drug offenders is an `` outdated '' policy .  `` we can not simply arrest our way out of the drug problem , '' he says .  the white house says drug use in the u.s. has `` dropped substantially '' .  `` serious drug-related challenges remain , '' obama say .
 cnn student news - february 24 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 meredith kercher : remembering the victim <sec> kercher was killed in 2007 in villa in perugia , italy , that she rented with amanda knox .  21-year-old lived life to full and had `` big heart , '' say friend .
 wwe star kevin nash and son booked on battery , released <sec> kevin nash was a wwe ring showman who went by the moniker diesel .  an argument broke out when his son came home drunk , family tells police .  nash told deputies he had to wrestle his son down to protect the family from him .  the son told deputies that his wrestler father attacked hi .
 'traumatic day ' : residents return to tornado-devastated neighborhood <sec> authorities escort residents back to hard-hit neighborhood in granbury , texas , three days after tornado .  `` it 's going to be a traumatic time when they see their property , '' sheriff says .  at least 16 tornadoes touched down in the area wednesday , national weather service says .  six people were killed in rancho brazos neighborhoo .
 3 dead in japanese 'detergent suicide ' pact <sec> police found three men dead in a car parked outside a spa monday morning .  more than 60 people have committed suicide across japan in the last month .  police say string of 'detergent suicides ' encouraged by internet sites .  japan has one of the highest suicide rates in the worl .
 miami heat close in on nba title with third-straight win <sec> miami heat defeated oklahoma city thunder 104-98 to go up 3-1 in nba finals .  thunder guard russell westbrook scored a game-high 43 points to no avail .  heat 's lebron james sat out final minutes with cramps after making crucial three-pointer .  guard mario chalmers ' 25-point-performance was clutch , coach erik spoesltra sai .
 it 's official ! apple sets event for sept. 9 <sec> apple sets sept. 9 as date for an event .  company could unveil the iphone 6 and a smartwatch .  iphones reportedly will have bigger display screens .  invitation teases : `` wish we could say more .
 italy convicts 'u.s . agents ' in cia kidnap trial <sec> suspected u.s. cia agents ordered jailed for seizing of suspected terrorist in milan .  americans are not in custody , but ruling could make them international fugitives .  case centered on `` extraordinary rendition '' of muslim cleric , who says he was tortured in egyp .
 when to do it yourself , when to hire a pro <sec> if paint colors have you baffled , try hiring a color consultant .  you can hire someone to clean your house , but for peace of mind , you may want to do it yourself .  handle a computer snafu by phoning in a request to geeksquad.co .
 dallas roberts on the 'walking dead ' finale <sec> dallas roberts portrayed the governor 's one-time lackey , milton , on `` the walking dead '' .  turning into a zombie meant getting his turn in the `` more bloody and gross '' makeup trailer .  there was a bullet involved in the original plan for the scene , but it was changed to a stabbin .
 airbus crash : eu concerned about airline <sec> eu concerned about airline operating jet that crashed in indian ocean .  jet was carrying more than 150 people to island of comoros from yemen .  french officials noted faults with airbus a310 when they inspected it in 200 .
 glenn beck drops his name from web network , promises media 'revolution ' <sec> glenn beck 's online tv network merging with theblaze.com .  beck says people do n't remember who he was before his fox news days .  `` cowardice is a human problem , '' he says .  beck on mitt romney if he wins : `` i 'll hold his feet to the fire .
 childless man released from child support debt <sec> frank hatley was jailed last year for falling behind on child support payments .  hatley had paid for 13 years until he learned boy might not have been his .  dna test proved child was n't hatley 's , but court still ordered back payment .  the south georgia man is cleared from his debt , his attorney announce .
 yale student 's killing 'completely senseless , ' roommate says <sec> new : roommate says horrible tragedy is `` incomprehensible '' .  grad student annie le 's remains found sunday in basement wall in building .  le , 24 , was last seen entering the building tuesday morning .  police : no suspects in custody , but investigators questioning several peopl .
 shot-by-shot bulger testimony makes jurors squirm <sec> medical examiner lays out fatal shots in bulger trial .  of the 19 killings bulger is charged with , 17 were deaths by shooting .  some jurors squirmed during the graphic testimon .
 malala yousafzai : accolades and a grim milestone <sec> malala marks the anniversary of her shooting with a book about her life .  taliban still want her dead , spokesman says .  she is a popular favorite for the nobel peace prize .  she angered the taliban by blogging against their suppression of educatio .
 timeline : two decades of violence in chechnya <sec> chechen separatists claim responsibility for moscow subway attacks .  chechen separatists have fought for independence from russia since 1991 .  thousands have been killed and 500,000 displaced in the two decades since then .  sunni muslims , russian orthodox christians form population of 600,000 to 800,00 .
 education secretary says u.s. needs more minority teachers <sec> arne duncan says students would benefit from strong role models in the classroom .  he says getting more minority teachers into the mix is key to closing achievement gaps .  african-american and latino male teachers make up about 3.5 percent of teachers nationwid .
 stricter enforcement of nuclear evacuation zone to begin <sec> evacuation order covers zone within 20-kilometers of the nuclear plant .  enforcement has been uneven from checkpoint to checkpoint .  `` i wish i could trust the government , but i ca n't , '' an evacuee tells cnn .  a government official says the crackdown is needed for public safet .
 opinion : why thatcher made so many enemies <sec> timothy stanley says margaret thatcher was a paradox as a radical conservative .  he says she upended britain 's post-war trajectory , cut taxes and increased privatization .  she made country aspirational but demonized opponents and stoked class warfare , he says .  stanley : as woman , she broke ground ; as pm , she was important but divisive figur .
 chelsea midfielder deco returning home to brazil with fluminense <sec> brazilian club fluminense to unveil signing of chelsea midfielder deco on monday .  portugal international will sign a two-year contract as he returns to country of his birth .  the 32-year-old struggled to make an impact in two seasons in england .  he has twice won the uefa champions league with barcelona and port .
 a fan 's take on 'green day : rock band ' <sec> the video game 's career mode offers rare video footage of the band playing .  want to drum like tre cool ? .  you might need the `` green day : rock band '' -specific drum lessons .  details make this game exciting for fans -- even wardrobe is varied and historically correc .
 more than 50 killed in northern nigeria attacks <sec> police official : at least 54 are killed and 139 wounded .  3 of the 4 suicide bombers were females , witnesses say .  the attack happened in a region terrorized by boko hara .
 why women trash successful women <sec> michelle goldberg : sandberg backlash shows many women have issues with female power .  it seems ok if women advocate for the collective , she says , but not if they blow their own horns .  goldberg : women seeking authority inspire disproportionate hostility , much more than men .  she says women seem to be harder on each other because they expect so much mor .
 iran , world powers offer proposals at nuclear talks <sec> bilateral talks held ; plenary session is thursday .  the meeting takes place a day after the iaea said it expects a new deal with iran soon .  iran 's nuclear program has created tension in the middle east and beyond .  tehran says the program is for peaceful purposes , but israel wants it to end all enrichmen .
 virginia man charged in shooting at family research council <sec> suspect , 28 , held on assault with a deadly weapon charge , fbi says .  suspect allegedly made comments about organization , official says .  no motive for the shooting has been established , authorities say .  the family research council promotes conservative social policie .
 weapon against epidemics : cell phones <sec> disease-control software in cell phones is touted as boon to global public health .  more than half of world 's cell phones are in developing countries .  health workers in kenya stopped spread of polio in '07 using episurveyor .  kenyan health care worker : relaying information at appropriate time is life-savin .
 glitch hits visa users with more than $ 23 quadrillion charge <sec> $ 23,148,855,308,184,500 charge is about 2,007 times the size of the national debt .  visa customer in new hampshire , also hit with $ 15 overdraft fee , finds out online .  statement said he 'd spent the big sum at gas station where he buys cigarettes .  card issuer strikes charge and fee , blames `` temporary programming error .
 mexican officials target drug ballads <sec> the popular songs tell of shootings , police chases and armored cars .  sinaloa governor : bars can not play songs that incite violence or justify crimes .  a government spokesman says mexico must wage a `` cultural fight '' against violence .  a bar owner criticizes the move , saying it will do nothing to stop crim .
 before she was gaga : the unseen photos <sec> malgorzata saniewska worked at the same restaurant where stefani germanotta worked .  `` i offered her the photo shoot , and she said yes right away , '' saniewska said .  saniewska kept those early photos to herself `` out of respect , '' she said .  saniewska hopes that those viewing the photos will get to see another side of gag .
 italian jury clears american amanda knox of murder <sec> knox 's first desire , friend says , is to `` lie down on a green field '' .  knox will leave italy for seattle on tuesday , friend says .  she is greeted at a prison with cheers and shouts of `` well done '' .  the jury deliberated for more than eight hour .
 leaders call for more nato strikes as gadhafi forces pummel misrata <sec> new : leading rebel official calls on international community to help libyan civilians .  at least 10 killed in misrata shelling , doctor says .  france and britain call for intensified nato attacks .  ex-foreign minister koussa flies to qatar ahead of an international meetin .
 big damn band brings troubles home <sec> the reverend peyton 's big damn band is an indiana-based blues group .  song titles include `` walmart killed the country store '' .  the rev : band wants to `` make 'em laugh with us and make 'em hurt with us .
 u.n. : high food prices creating more hunger <sec> u.n. agency says food prices are to blame for an increase in hunger .  food and agriculture organization issues estimates 963 million undernourished .  it is an increase of 40 million people over the past yea .
 kissing , chewing -- the 'germiest ' tourist attractions <sec> more than 400,000 visitors kissed the blarney stone in ireland in 2008 .  tourists will try to make artwork with their chewed gum on seattle 's gum wall .  oscar wilde 's tomb in paris , france is covered with an array of lipstick kisses .  the grauman chinese theatre that houses celebrity hand prints is washed dail .
 dynamic dortmund dump out city <sec> manchester city crashes out of europe following 1-0 defeat in dortmund .  kaka becomes the all-time leading brazilian goalscorer in the champions league .  zenit records shock 1-0 win at ac milan to secure europa league berth .  olympiakos defeats arsenal 2-1 to qualify for europa leagu .
 fbi : lone wolf planned attack on u.s. capitol <sec> father of suspect says he does n't think his son `` would hurt a fly '' .  a source says the plan posed no threat to lawmakers ; the complaint said it was in its late stages .  christopher lee cornell , 20 , allegedly aligned himself with isi .
 battling sharapova to face serena in french open final <sec> maria sharapova will face serena williams in the women 's french open final .  russia 's sharapova holds her nerve to beat victoria azarenka in three sets .  williams destroys italian sara errani by winning 6-0 6-1 in just 46 minute .
 banks holding over $ 200 million in sandy payments <sec> cuomo administration says it delivered letters to banks and mortgage service providers .  thousands of storm-battered residents are still awaiting $ 208 million in insurance checks .  the banks were not immediately available for comment .  banks have said they were socked with many payouts that require processin .
 how africa 's natural resources can drive industrial revolution <sec> natural resources are driving rapid growth in many african countries .  abundant resources can drive industry on the continent , say two experts .  governments should tackle inequality and lay framework for supportive policies .  new style of business leaders is emerging , building and investing in africa 's futur .
 snowden case : what 's in it for russia ? <sec> president putin has no sympathy for turncoats ; and has no need for ways to signal his distaste for u.s. , writes andrew wood .  muddle is often a better explanation for the actions of any government than finely balanced policy making , he says .  andrew wood : the russians may hope that the american administration will tire of pressing its case .  russian policy makers may think : why make too much fuss over snowden ? .  says woo .
 suspect in prisons chief 's death may have been freed 4 years early <sec> cnn affiliate kusa says it has a copy of evan ebel 's plea agreement from 2008 assault .  it says ebel was sentenced to four years 'consecutively , ' which should have been added to his prison term .  official court documents did not specify 'concurrent ' or 'consecutive ' so prison officials made the sentence concurrent .  ebel was released in january , and is suspected of killing the prison system chief in marc .
 amtrak is on track to weather any spending cuts <sec> amtrak says no changes or cutbacks in schedules due to federal budget cuts .  rail line carried record number of passengers last year and has reported strong revenues .  it has also cut costs and made capital improvements to boost efficiency .  amtrak receives annual taxpayer subsidies for operating and capital improvement .
 cdc : u.s. may need 600 million swine flu vaccine doses <sec> 115 million doses of seasonal flu are distributed annually in u.s . .  most vaccine production involves traditional route of growing virus in eggs .  new technologies , such as using caterpillar cells , are getting attention .  1976 swine flu vaccine program ended because some people became paralyze .
 at least 3 dead as security forces open fire on syrian protesters <sec> security forces wage a violent crackdown on massing protesters .  eyewitness says the forces opened fire without warning .  syria says 7 people were killed by `` armed criminal groups '' .  witnesses say 10 people died saturday after security forces fired on mourner .
 holder : new strategies needed for 'active shooter ' situations <sec> holder says tactics for approaching `` active shooter '' situations should change .  police agencies do n't have the luxury of waiting for swat teams to arrive .  d.c. police response time in the navy yard shooting was great , but still 12 people were killed .  police chiefs disagree with the justice department 's position on states that legalize marijuan .
 nasa faults equipment in columbia shuttle disaster <sec> nasa released a report tuesday on the last minutes of space shuttle columbia .  seven astronauts died when the spacecraft broke up while returning to earth in 2003 .  report : astronauts knew for about 40 seconds that they 'd lost control of craft .  report also cited problems with the crew 's helmets , spacesuits and restraint .
 supreme court strikes down provision on same-sex marriage benefits <sec> new : edith windsor , who sued the federal government , says she is overjoyed by the ruling .  in a 5-4 decision , the high court says congress can not deny equal protection .  `` today 's doma ruling is a historic step forward , '' president 's twitter account posts .  justice antonin scalia issues a thunderous dissent saying `` the court has cheated both sides .
 austin hotel closing after third falling-glass incident <sec> falling-glass incident is the third in recent weeks involving the austin , texas , hotel .  hotel says it will close while it replaces all balcony glass ; guests are being relocated .  the hotel is being sued over a june 10 incident in which two people were injure .
 'love boat 's ' last voyage ends in tragedy <sec> two people reportedly die from exposure to toxic gas on ship featured on `` love boat '' .  turkish authorities are investigating .  the ship is set to be dismantled after turkish company bought it .  the ship was used on `` the love boat '' series from 1977 to 198 .
 opinion : what 's wrong with girl scout cookies <sec> victoria maizes , a doctor , says she avoids girl scout cookies because they contain sugar , fats . .  ca n't scouts promote healthy snacks ? .  she says pediatricians offer little guidance on nutrition , yet a diet low in sugars , gmo 's , transfats , lowers overall mortalit .
 the price of success ? how victory cost force india $ 1.3m <sec> an italian design company has been ordered by a british court to pay force india $ 39,500 .  aerolab used the team 's intellectual property while designing the 2010 lotus , now caterham .  force india told to pay $ 1.3 million in unpaid fees to wind tunnel manufacturer aerolab .  the marque intend to refer the incident to motorsport 's global governing bod .
 feds accuse north carolina sheriff 's office of racial profiling <sec> justice department : deputies in north carolina county target latinos at traffic stops .  the pattern `` violates the constitution , '' justice department official says .  sheriff denies accusations as `` completely false '' .  activist says obama administration also shares the blam .
 philippine martial law under debate <sec> arroyo outlines reasons for martial law declaration in 20-page letter .  report : house , senate might jointly convene tuesday , house speaker says .  at least six members of ampatuan family arrested , abs-cbn reports .  authorities raid at least one warehouse and ranch belonging to famil .
 afghanistan mourns landslide victims <sec> new : tv and radio suspend entertainment programming to mourn victims of landslides .  the site in badakhshan province has been declared a mass grave .  authorities are now scrambling to help 4,000 survivors and evacuees .  more rain in the forecast creates fear there may be another landslid .
 khan destroys salita in battle of faiths <sec> british boxer amir khan retains his wba light-welterweight title in his first defense .  khan , a devout muslim , destroys jewish opponent dmitriy salita in the first round .  he knocked down the ukraine-born american three times in the opening minut .
 uva pledges zero-tolerance policy in rape cases <sec> uva apologizes to the student who says she was raped at a fraternity party .  `` the status quo is no longer acceptable , '' says uva rector .  specifics of a new zero-tolerance policy will be worked out later .  the school 's governing body held a special meeting after a scathing report in rolling ston .
 obama returns to louisiana for oil spill update <sec> new : obama says officials should have a good idea in 24-48 hours if efforts to stop the leak are succeeding .  new : obama emphasized bp 's moral and legal obligations to gulf residents .  obama met with the governors of louisiana , alabama , and florida , among others .  obama returned to the gulf region friday to discuss the oil spill with local business and political leader .
 from coast to coast , protesters demand justice in trayvon martin case <sec> trayvon martin , 17 , was shot dead 1 month ago in sanford , florida .  across the country , many are demanding the man who shot him be arrested .  martin 's parents attended three events monday in central florida .  rallies are held nationwide , from san francisco to atlant .
 ny attorney general warns teen social networking website <sec> cuomo says tagged.com `` one of the worst '' sites he 's seen .  3-month investigation revealed significant lapses in tagged 's response to complaints .  tagged says it 's working with cuomo on resolutio .
 grieving poland eyes june vote for new president <sec> poland set to hold june election to replace president killed in air crash .  mourners line up for hours to pay respects to first couple .  controversy breaks out over decision to bury kaczynski alongside former monarch .
 report : tab for 'war on terrorism ' tops $ 1 trillion <sec> `` war on terrorism '' is second most-expensive war in u.s. history , report says .  adjusted for inflation , world war ii cost more than $ 4 trillion .  the cost of the wars in afghanistan and iraq could total $ 2.4 trillion by 201 .
 marquez 's fight future rests on his wife after pacquiao success <sec> juan manuel márquez cools talk of a fifth fight against filipino fighter manny pacquiao .  márquez knocked legendary opponent out during their most recent fight in las vegas .  mexican says he promised his wife he would not fight again after facing pacquia .
