 bobby brown goes to jail <sec> although sentenced to 55 days in jail , brown could be free in 8 or 9 , a sheriff spokesman says .  good behavior rules and jail overcrowding guidelines mean a sharp reduction in time served .  brown was taken into custody at the van nuys , california , courthouse wednesday .  brown has two dui convictions in a year ; lawyer says he 's now committed to sobriet .
 rooney misses champions league tie ; out for up to three weeks <sec> manchester united striker wayne rooney ruled out for three weeks .  rooney has recurrence of ankle injury which troubled him last season .  he misses tough trip to valencia in champions league this week .  paul scholes and ryan giggs also face spell on sideline .
 island flavors : maui for foodies <sec> the best place to do your coffee shopping is on a coffee estate , such as kupa'a farms .  farmers ' markets have become more than a regular shopping opportunity for locals .  sustainable food on maui is n't just about produce , but also island-grazed bee .
 wikileaks , amazon and the new threat to internet speech <sec> rebecca mackinnon says many differ on whether media should publish wikileaks cables .  what 's troubling , she says , is that sen. joe lieberman can get amazon to dump it from server .  she asks : what are private sector 's responsibilities to prevent erosion of free speech ? .  writer : future of free speech on internet turns on companies ' accountability to public interes .
 source : cia failed to circulate report about bombing suspect <sec> source : cia had report on abdulmutallab weeks before bombing attempt on plane .  report written after abdulmutallab 's dad spoke to someone with cia , source says .  source : if cia had circulated report , abdulmutallab might have been kept from plane .  abdulmutallab charged with trying to detonate explosives on christmas fligh .
 the big debate : should we head for the stars ? <sec> we ask , should humanity expand into space ? .  those in the newspace movement say space is humanity 's future .  but others say we should focus on fixing issues on earth first .  what do you think ? .  post your views and we 'll publish the best .
 on social web , folks take the # icebucketchallenge <sec> ice bucket challenge goes viral for als .  athletes , celebrities have taken up the cause of lou gehrig 's disease .  the concept was invented by pete frates , a former college baseball player .  kennedys challenged obama , who opted to make a donatio .
 california teacher found hanged in classroom <sec> a photography teacher is found dead at el dorado high school in placentia .  another teacher and students found her in a classroo .
 big business for shortened links <sec> shortened url services growing in popularity thanks to services like twitter .  short url company bit.ly developing to allow web traffic tracking and a free analytics .  other link shorteners allow for ads as new form of revenue model .  many web users remain wary of clicking on shortened url .
 why the no-fun 'farmville ' is so popular <sec> zynga 's hit facebook game `` farmville '' is arguably the most widely played online game .  the company makes it your duty to play `` farmville , '' creating a sense of social obligation .  facebook is an extremely odd platform for games , but it 's successfu .
 colombia captures leader of violent drug cartel <sec> colombian police captured john ericson vargas cardona , alias `` sebastian '' .  he is the leader of the oficina de envigado .  the group got its start working for pablo escoba .
 lesbian couple files to adopt in florida , where ban was overturned <sec> couple files to adopt in florida , hours after a state announcement on the issue .  an appeals court recently overturned state 's ban on such adoptions .  the state said tuesday it would not appeal the rulin .
 apology , geography lesson follow new hampshire debate <sec> scott brown appeared to botch a question on new hampshire geography in the final senate debate .  but it 's not so clear he did , and the reporter who asked the question even apologized .  most of sullivan county is north of concord , but it 's further west of the capital cit .
 jeff probst talk show is canceled <sec> jeff probst 's talk show will not get a second season .  probst said in a statement he was `` super bummed '' .  the news comes a week after ricki lake 's talk show was cancele .
 michael owen : from 'silent assassin ' to horse whisperer <sec> michael owen has moved from professional football to horse racing .  owen 's stables houses around 90 horses .  wayne rooney has two horses which are looked after by owen .  owen says he has no intention of moving into training any time soo .
 global meeting on syria faces pressure <sec> `` the question is , what do we do ? '' .  says state department spokesman .  about 500 soldiers defect and create an opposition brigade , an opposition leader says .  two journalists were killed by government shelling in baba amr .  syria says authorities killed and arrested `` terrorists .
 was an african american cop the real lone ranger ? <sec> disney releases latest lone ranger film , but who was the real-life inspiration ? .  historian believes it could be african american u.s. deputy marshal , bass reeves .  the 19th-century arkansas slave became legendary lawman in what is now oklahoma .  they have many similarities , such as a gray horse , silver calling cards and disguise .
 swine flu 'not stoppable , ' world health organization says <sec> further spread of swine flu inevitable , world health organization says .  who calls h1n1 a global pandemic , raises alert to highest level .  u.n. agency says that does n't mean disease is worse , but that it 's in more countries .  hong kong orders closure of all elementary schools , kindergartens , day care center .
 another aircraft grounded after hitting bird <sec> bird hits arkansas hospital 's helicopter , forcing pilot to land early .  copter 's pilot suffers minor injuries during landing .  incident comes days after birds apparently forced jet to land in hudson rive .
 paddy power backtracks over 'beatings ' tweet <sec> company known for use of publicity stunts .  tweet contained pun on name of liverpool 's kop stand .  it was used to link to liverpool-newcastle stats .  social media backlash leads to apolog .
 volcano eruption forces closure of iceland airspace <sec> new : the ash will reach scotland on tuesday , europe 's umbrella air traffic control association says .  new : eurocontrol predicts the cloud could reach france and spain on thursday .  international flights into and out of iceland are cancelled , airport spokeswoman says .  there is no effect on european or transatlantic flights , eurocontrol say .
 man arrested in poisoning of auburn university landmark live oaks <sec> new : radio talk show host talks about call .  harvey updyke jr. was arrested early thursday .  police say he will be charged with criminal mischief .  expert : there is a `` very low probability '' the trees will surviv .
 how will china 's tech-savvy , post-90s generation shape the nation ? <sec> tech-savvy youth of china have become an increasingly studied demographic .  called post-90s generation with no memory of china 's tumultuous recent past .  they are avid social media and internet users .  some social commentators have criticized post-90s generation as lazy and immora .
 fbi 's first app helps parents report missing children <sec> the fbi released its first iphone app on friday .  child id allows parents to catalog profiles of their children in case they go missing .  the app is available as a free download for iphone and ipod touch owner .
 south africa : girl planned to join isis <sec> official : girl , 15 , `` expressed an interest in joining a terrorist group called isis '' .  authorities detain girl at cape town airport , release her into family 's care , he say .
 obama says quran burning is 'recruitment bonanza ' for al qaeda <sec> obama says there could be serious violence in pakistan or afghanistan .  obama : it could increase the recruitment of suicide bombers in america or europe .  the pastor 's plans are 'completely contrary ' to american values , obama say .
 gates jokes : i offered to help officer 's kids get into harvard <sec> professor on officer who arrested him : we could lunch or go to a sox game .  the lighthearted comments came after gates and officer met at white house .  arrest of harvard professor sparked discussion on rac .
 aesha , her face disfigured by the taliban , begins reconstructive surgery <sec> first of many surgeries to rebuild aesha 's nose and ears completed at walter reed .  young afghan woman was mutilated by her taliban husband and in-laws .  her haunting story and image became known worldwide after she appeared on time cover .  last month cnn published exclusive story documenting her complicated journey in the u.s .
 former s. korean president roh commits suicide <sec> attorney : roh committed suicide by leaping to his death from a hill .  roh 's death came amid bribery investigation that has tarnished his reputation .  was first south korean leader to cross the dmz and meet with kim jong il .  president obama offered condolences from u.s. to his family and korean peopl .
 opinion : u.s. ca n't be bullied by iran threats on syria <sec> frida ghitis : reports iran urging militants to target u.s. sites if u.s. hits syria not surprising .  she says it may show iran using proxies to attack rather than take on war it ca n't win .  she says iran 's shiites want assad to prevail but its rulers divided on how much to help .  ghits : threats must be taken seriously , but moral reason for strike is unchange .
 how to keep your love clicking along <sec> tracking your man 's blog or facebook page is a great way to keep him in your heart .  some couples play video games together like dance dance , revolution .  check online for community activities you and spouse can do togethe .
 global solar plane trip to stop in india , myanmar , u.s . <sec> an attempt at the first solar-powered flight around the globe is set for late february .  stops for solar impulse 2 include myanmar , china , india , arizona and new york .  its lithium batteries store enough solar energy for nighttime flight .  solar impulse 2 's giant wings are wider than a 747-8 jumbo je .
 review : von trier 's 'antichrist ' an atrocity <sec> `` antichrist '' has met with vitriolic reaction at film festivals .  lars von trier film stars willem dafoe , charlotte gainsbourgh as troubled couple .  horror goes from moody to over-the-top and graphic .  to cnn.com 's tom charity , the film is a `` calamitous atrocity .
 minnesota case may offer clue to u.s. salmonella outbreak <sec> new : virginia officials confirm two salmonella-related deaths in the state .  cdc : salmonella outbreak sickens at least 410 people in 43 states .  officials link salmonella in minnesota to same strain responsible for outbreak .  minnesota bacteria traced to institutionally distributed king nut peanut butte .
 google opens online music store and free storage locker <sec> google opens a digital music store , and prices are comparable to itunes .  the company is also opening google music , the storage service , to everyone in the u.s . .  google music will be free for storing as many as 20,000 songs per accoun .
 idaho dairy fires 5 workers in animal abuse video ; 3 of them charged <sec> an undercover video by an animal rights group shows mistreatment to cows .  the owner of a 30-year-old family dairy fires five workers .  three of the workers are charged with misdemeanor animal cruelty .  the dairy provides milk to a supplier of kraft food .
 steve jobs is back at work , apple says <sec> new : steve jobs , apple 's ceo , returned to work this week .  new : jobs will be in the office several days a week and also working from home .  jobs , 54 , a cancer survivor , has been on medical leave for six months .  bloggers say apple should release more information about job .
 wacky , weird and wonderful super bowl <sec> mike downey : super bowl xlvii seemed headed for a blowout -- until the blackout .  the harbaugh vs. harbaugh game suddenly got a lot closer as the 49ers came alive .  among the highlights : beyonce 's halftime show , ref 's failure to call a penalty on a decisive play .  downey : overall , one of the ten best super bowl .
 rehire the coach who cursed at his players <sec> a high school football coach was secretly recorded chewing out his players for losing .  lz granderson says the coach resorted to shouting and obscenities .  the coach was trying to teach his team an important life lesson , granderson says .  granderson : adults who shelter children from reality are n't doing them any favor .
 colombian cartel head pleads guilty in miami <sec> former kingpin for colombian drug cartel pleads guilty in u.s. district court .  diego leon montoya sanchez had $ 5 million reward on his head before his capture .  fbi calls cartel `` most powerful and violent drug trafficking organization in colombia .
 killing of street kids puts spotlight on vulnerable youth <sec> an estimated 12,000 street kids live in jakarta .  police : man admits to killing at least 14 boys .  activist : parents forced to send kids on streets to work .  man 's lawyer says he will not contest the charge .
 how tv career women influence at-work style <sec> instyle takes a look back at five fashionable tv shows .  the `` mary tyler moore show '' brought colorful scarves , two-piece suits and bright dresses .  `` sex and the city '' made a major impact on women 's willingness to play with styl .
 billy joel , wife separating <sec> billy joel separating from wife of almost five years , katie lee joel .  `` this decision is a result of much thoughtful consideration , '' said joint statement .  marriage was billy joel 's thir .
 aquafina labels to spell out source - tap water <sec> new aquafina labels will show that bottled water made with tap water .  maker pepsi says it 's reasonable to say where water comes from .  critics of bottled water say containers are wasteful .  many buyers say bottled water is more convenien .
 government settles lawsuit with native american farmers <sec> plaintiffs say the long wait was worth it .  no congressional authorization required to pay settlement .  the agreement includes $ 680 million in compensation for discrimination .  the u.s. department of agriculture was sued in the class-action lawsui .
 brut or sweet ? spain gets electronic 'tongue ' to taste cava <sec> scientists say the electronic tongue can tell how much sugar is in a cava .  it can pick out three of seven types of cava classifications usually used .  sensors and mathematical processes are used to reproduce human senses .  researchers in barcelona say the device could help in the production proces .
 interpol : van der sloot tried to extort holloway 's mother <sec> joran van der sloot tried to extort money from natalee holloway 's mom , authorities say .  u.s. authorities last week announced arrest warrant for van der sloot .  for $ 250,000 , van der sloot offered to reveal location of holloway 's body .  his information was false , authorities sa .
 same-sex marriage will hurt families , society <sec> bishop harry jackson : the institution of marriage is unique in our society .  the institution serves broad societal purposes , jackson writes .  jackson : gay marriage will lead to degradation of the nuclear family .  family structures that promote positive environments should be culture 's aim , he say .
 cia : will torture report change it ? ( opinion ) <sec> julian zelizer : last week 's report on cia activities revealed abuses that ca n't be repeated .  he says the odds are slim that congress will move decisively to reform the cia .  in the 1970s , disclosure of abuses did result in sweeping changes , he said .  zelizer : today 's congress is ill-suited to take on task as difficult as cia refor .
 high court dismisses ruling on abu-jamal death sentence <sec> ex-black panther mumia abu-jamal sentenced to death for killing philadelphia police officer .  he says there were procedural errors during his sentencing , too few blacks on the jury .  appeals court can now impose death sentence or order new trial to hear claims of injustice .  `` he is nothing short of an assassin . '' .  former philadelphia district attorney say .
 will al qaeda fight isis islamic state ? <sec> isis leader has declared re-establishment of the caliphate , and appointed himself its caliph .  significance of caliphate makes this huge claim , risky move , and crucial point in isis 's short history - jonathan russell .  russell : so-called caliphate will struggle as other pretenders to islamic statehood have over the last 50 years .  most interesting though will be the reaction of al qaeda , he add .
 countering the counterfeiters : the art of making money <sec> latest norwegian banknotes will incorporate complex artwork and designs .  designs chosen in part for their ability to cater for complex security features .  security features built into elaborate designs make notes harder to counterfei .
 paprika : hungary 's spicy obsession <sec> columbus discovered america -- and paprika .  it 's a spice but can be used in desserts .  not too long ago , you could be arrested for selling i .
 mom 's last words inspire 85-pound loss <sec> cherie hart steffen walked off nearly 80 pounds on her home treadmill .  steffen 's mother said four words before dying : `` save money . .  lose weight '' .  steffen is now a certified personal trainer and hopes to inspire others to get fi .
 hungary minister : country 's crisis is over <sec> hungary has emerged from crisis , its finance minister says .  gyorgy matolcsy says hungary has had to use unconventional economic policy measures .  matolcsy : these measures have been lambasted but they are the future .  matolcsy : eu badly needs some creativit .
 middle eastern youth find comic relief through stand-up <sec> a handful of young egyptians find relief from the country 's turmoil in stand-up comedy .  the group , hezb el comedy , also teaches the art of stand-up to other aspiring comics .  young people in qatar have also started a stand-up comedy group .  for comics in the middle east who do n't censor themselves , comedy can be a risky busines .
 wozniacki secures danish open victory <sec> top seed caroline wozniacki win the inaugural wta danish open title on sunday .  the local favorite defeats czech klara zakapolova 6-2 7-6 in the final in copenhagen .  the 20-year-old is ranked third in the world and was winning her eighth wta title .  svetlana kuznetsova beat flavia pennetta 6-4 6-0 to reach the final in san dieg .
 opinion : race , bias and the zimmerman jury <sec> richard gabriel : people see themselves as unbiased , but we all carry prejudices with us .  gabriel : juror 's comments showed divide between her and key witness .  he says george zimmerman , trayvon martin expressed bias in remarks .  it 's better to confront our biases than to keep hiding them , he say .
 why wave of mexican immigration stopped <sec> researchers : as many mexicans are leaving the u.s. as they are arriving from mexico .  this is first sustained decline in mexican immigrants since the great depression , they say .  writers : reasons might be jobs are now fewer in u.s. and mexican birth rate is declining .  writers : harsher penalities for border crossers , more deportations may be at pla .
 ballesteros ' family fear for ailing golf legend 's health <sec> seve ballesteros ' condition has deteriorated , according to his family .  the 54-year-old former golf star had a brain tumor removed in 2008 .  the news comes during the spanish open tournament , which he has won twice .  fellow spaniard rafael nadal is among those to pay tribute to ballestero .
 health care costs to bulge along with u.s. waistlines <sec> cdc : mississippi has highest rate of adult obesity .  new report : every state may have adult obesity rates above 44 % by 2030 .  some experts skeptical that it 's possible to predict the future of obesity in the countr .
 space legend neil armstrong dies <sec> `` as long as there are history books , neil armstrong will be included in them , '' nasa says .  apollo 11 touched down on the moon on july 20 , 1969 .  `` that 's one small step for ( a ) man , one giant leap for mankind , '' armstrong famously said .  he largely avoided the public spotligh .
 no bond for men accused in chicago teen 's shooting <sec> michael ward and kenneth williams make their first court appearance tuesday .  hadiya pendleton , 15 , was shot to death in chicago .  pendleton performed at a brunch before the inauguration of president obam .
 cnn documentary wins amnesty international award <sec> cnn documentary highlighted plight of mentally disabled people in kenya .  an estimated three million people are deprived of medical care and therapy , and hidden away .  documentary sparked international interest , calls for government actio .
