 suspect in new york elevator death is charged with murder , arson <sec> 47-year-old jerome isaac is being held without bail .  he is accused of setting a 73-year-old woman on fire .  isaac is scheduled to appear in court again on friday .  his lawyer requests he be placed in protective custod .
 pilots ' bodies found as syria , turkey continue to spar over jet downing <sec> al-assad accuses turkey of interfering in syria 's internal affairs .  turkey 's foreign minister disputes al-assad on some points .  syria 's shootdown of the turkish jet intensified the animosity .  opposition leaders huddled in cair .
 'mass effect 2 ' picks up where first left off <sec> players who played the first `` mass effect '' game can import their data into the new game .  `` writing for 'me2 ' was the hardest thing we 've ever done , '' project director says .  `` mass effect 2 '' has 15 % to 20 % more dialogue and 30 % more decision-making option .
 journalist marie colvin died trying to get her shoes , her paper reports <sec> marie colvin was attempting to escape a shelling attack , the sunday times reports .  she was killed wednesday alongside french journalist remi ochlik .  colvin 's mother says she believes her daughter was targeted .  since her death , colvin 's family has started a fund in her hono .
 u.s. lends support in hunt for notorious african warlord <sec> joseph kony is head of the lord 's resistance army .  he is wanted by the international criminal court for crimes against humanity .  kony became a household name after a video about him went viral on the internet .  president barack obama has sent troops to help chase down lra leader .
 nicki minaj 's alma mater declines her request to speak <sec> nicki minaj tweeted that her high school declined a speaking engagement .  the rapper said she wanted to return to her alma mater to motivate students .  the department of education said alumni are welcome unless it interrupts learnin .
 thousands protest in morocco , but support king <sec> new : thousands turn out sunday .  moroccans will vote for the constitution in a referendum slated for july 1 .  king mohammed 's role would be that of `` citizen king '' .  mohammed says the constitution will guarantee judiciary 's independenc .
 penn state settles suit with jerry sandusky victim 5 , lawyer says <sec> new : victim 5 was assaulted in the shower 6 months after the witnessed assault , lawyer says .  the university faces 30 other suits .  it has set aside $ 60 million for payouts .  victim 5 : sandusky 's punishment `` will never erase what he did to me .
 missing 6-year-old 's dismembered remains found in japan <sec> the remains of missing 6-year-old mirei ikuta has been found in kobe city , japan .  police have arrested a 47-year-old man from the area over the disposal of her body .  ikuta was last seen on september 11 .  her dismembered remains were found in several plastic bags , police sai .
 will brides ' love for vera wang fade ? <sec> vera wang built a multimillion-dollar company around fairy tale wedding gowns .  wang and her husband , arthur becker , recently announced their separation .  speculation has swirled that wang 's marital split might affect her dress empire .  a design expert says customers are n't looking to mimic the gown designer 's personal lif .
 feds : no charges in michigan police shooting of homeless man <sec> mother of milton hall releases statement .  hall , 49 , died in a hail of police bullets on july 1 , 2012 .  michigan police officers shot , killed knife-wielding man .  officers fired 46 bullets , hitting hall 11 time .
 bill beckwith , co-host of hgtv 's 'curb appeal , ' killed in crash <sec> new : the show bill beckwith appeared on is now out of production .  he died in a motorcycle accident in san francisco on monday .  beckwith co-hosted hgtv 's `` curb appeal '' .  it features the exterior makeover of a hom .
 no more free pretzels on continental <sec> continental has stopped serving free snacks to coach passengers on domestic routes .  some of the airline 's competitors have also dropped complimentary in-flight treats .  the competitive market and fuel costs are to blame , experts sa .
 fifa president sepp blatter 's secret passion <sec> fifa president sepp blatter reveals his passion for horses .  blatter was around horses as a child and during his time in the swiss army .  the 78-year-old was a guest at csi zurich horse show last wee .
 mccaw warns against complacency ahead of world cup final <sec> all blacks captain mccaw says france will be dangerous world cup final opponents .  mccaw played in new zealand 's quarterfinal loss to les bleus in the 2007 world cup .  french captain thierry dusautoir says his team dream of being world champions .  new zealand bidding to win william webb ellis trophy for second time on home soi .
 opinion : supreme court rulings : it 's gop v. democrats <sec> jeffrey toobin : court rulings reflect ideology of presidents who appointed each justice .  toobin : 5 gop appointees for hobby lobby , 4 democratic appointees against it .  toobin : all 3 women on court ruled against hobby lobby ; union ruling fell along same lines .  toobin : dissent said hobby lobby got a license to discriminate . .  what 's next .
 uganda criticized over anti-gay proposals <sec> homosexuality illegal in uganda but lawmakers considering tougher laws .  proposals include life sentences , death penalty as punishments for gay sex .  tatchell : proposals `` threaten civil rights of every ugandan person -- gay or straight .
 gruesome slayings , tip lead to arrest <sec> a fugitive arrested in mexico is suspected in four slayings .  joe saenz was put on the fbi 's most wanted fugitives list after a 2008 slaying .  he previously was wanted for three slayings in 1998 .  video from the 2008 shooting let police know he was still alive , authorities sa .
 indigo girls : folk rock in the digital age <sec> the indigo girls released their latest album , `` poseidon and the bitter bug , '' tuesday .  the folk rockers talk with cnn about working on the independent effort .  the atlanta duo recorded the album in just three weeks .  band member : writing process is the same , but `` we just trust it more now .
 casey kasem , legendary radio personality , dies at 82 <sec> casey kasem had a progressive dementia , had been hospitalized for weeks .  he began `` american top 40 '' in 1970 , was known for his friendly baritone voice .  he was born kemal amin kasem and became a dj while in the army .  'we are heartbroken , '' kasem 's daughter says in announcing his death sunda .
 the 'resource curse ' : an alaskan solution for libya ? <sec> 'resource curse ' hits economies depend on oil , gas or other natural resource exports .  'paradox of plenty ' can prop up weak or corrupt leaders at expense of economic growth .  some economists believe countries like libya could reform through sharing oil wealth .  many countries , such as botswana and norway , have avoided the 'resource curse .
 turkish party endorses erdogan 's 'example ' for islamist democracies <sec> recep tayyip erdogan re-elected akp party chairman .  `` we have shown that ... a muslim population can have ... democracy , '' he says .  leaders of egypt , iraqi kurdistan are in attendance at rally .  critics accuse erdogan of authoritarian tendencies , citing arrests of journalists and rival .
 taylor swift : i never dreamed success would come so quickly <sec> most satisfying thing is having every show in her tour sell out , she tells cnn .  at 19 she is one of the most successful u.s. recording artists of the decade .  on teen heartthrob taylor lautner , she says : `` we 're really close .
 lindsay lohan 's london stage debut falls short <sec> lindsay lohan made her west end debut on wednesday .  reviews have called the performance `` shaky '' .  lohan said she hoped the play would help change her reputatio .
 new wealth brings luxury shopping to iraq <sec> luxury jewelry , perfume and cosmetics chain store plans to open number of shops in iraq .  the dubai-based paris gallery says that the economic conditions are now right to invest .  projected growth of middle class and current unmet demand for luxury brands account for decision , says ce .
 700 infants exposed to tb at el paso , texas hospital <sec> hospital worker in el paso , texas , came to work with active case of tb .  706 infants and 43 workers were exposed to tb .  tb is an infectious disease , but not highly contagiou .
 facebook 's wounds are self-inflicted <sec> paul saffo : facebook 's plummeting share price indicates that we are not in a bubble .  saffo : the current market is one of dickensian realism , the best and worst of times .  he says facebook confused user popularity with market appeal .  saffo : while facebook 's wounds are self-inflicted , it can get back on trac .
 palestine marathon highlights race for recognition <sec> more than 3,000 runners came to the west bank .  `` it means that you run for peace , '' sana jamaani say .
 a ragtag rebel army emerges in libya <sec> members of libya 's opposition were civilians just a month ago .  opposition leadership comes from a group of 31 people .  libyan opposition says it is united against gadhaf .
 decoy fails to deploy , but missile test called 'success ' <sec> new : `` countermeasures '' failed to deploy during test .  missile launched from alaska ; interceptor launched from california .  shield critics have long complained previous tests did n't involve decoys .  president-elect obama has said he 'll support missile defense systems if they wor .
 high expectations for china 's presumptive premier <sec> li is expected to become chinese premier next march .  in a hong kong speech last year , he delivered part of it in english .  whether he will break away from old conventions is not clear , florcruz writes .  li hails from the same province -- anhui -- as his mentor , chinese president h .
 cnn student news transcript : september 15 , 2009 <sec> uncover the details of a religiously significant discovery in israel .  find out how financial concerns impacted one freshman 's college choice .  offer your opinions on some recent outbursts by people in the public ey .
 'hundreds of attempts ' to hack princes ' aides phones <sec> several hundred attempts were made to hack mobile phones of aides to uk princes .  claims were made in trial of news of the world ex-editors rebekah brooks , andy coulson .  earlier in the day jurors were given an insight into how to hack a mobile phon .
 australia weighs conservation vs tourism in blue mountains <sec> more than 500,000 people visited blue mountains last year , but that 's a big drop on previous years .  local authorities want to balance conservation with the need for tourist spending .  a new tourism strategy aims to attract visitors seeking comfor .
 five times we gasped at 'the walking dead ' finale <sec> `` the walking dead '' ended its fifth season with many shocking moments .  spoiler : rick and crew made it through the finale aliv .
 21 killed in suicide attack on african union base in somalia <sec> seventeen soldiers , four civilians killed in attack on african union base .  bombing was carried out by militants driving vehicles bearing u.n. logos .  al-shabaab , the islamist militia with ties to al qaeda , claimed responsibility .  strike came days after u.s. special forces killed a senior al qaeda operativ .
 author nesbø : i am attracted to dark side <sec> crime author jo nesbø comes out with his latest harry hole mystery , `` the snowman '' .  his character , harry hole , is driven by his good side as well as his darker side .  author : `` your terror is the fuel for your writing .
 michael jackson trial : who is debbie rowe ? <sec> michael jackson 's ex-wife is set to testify in his wrongful death trial .  rowe , mother of two of jackson 's children , primarily stays out of the spotlight .  aeg live will call rowe to testify in its defens .
 militants , troops die in al qaeda attack in yemen <sec> militants hit an army barracks in abyan province , officials say .  al qaeda has expanded its control over parts of yemen .  government warplanes bombed al qaeda positions last week .  at least 17 suspected al qaeda militants die in monday 's fightin .
 bravo adds 15 new series , including two scripted shows <sec> the network is adding 15 new original shows .  bravo earned a no . .  1 spot in 2013 .  several shows will also be returnin .
 four u.s. service members killed in afghanistan <sec> four u.s. service members killed in fighting in eastern afghanistan .  two people killed in explosion at kabul international airport , six wounded .  official : suicide bomber struck near gate of military section of airpor .
 'furious 7 ' has huge debut at the box office <sec> the final film featuring the late paul walker , `` furious 7 '' is opening around the globe this weekend .  it 's worldwide debut may approach or cross $ 300 million by the end of easter sunda .
 aaron hernandez associate indicted <sec> carlos ortiz is indicted , accused of accessory to murder after the fact .  prosecutors spoke at a bail hearing for a co-defendant .  prosecutors disclosed that hernandez allegedly called the co-defendant several times .  hernandez is charged in the death of odin lloyd , who was shot in jun .
 blast at libyan school injures six children <sec> assailants threw a hand grenade into a school in benghazi .  a hospital says the attack happened during school break time .  blasts are not uncommon in the eastern libyan city , but school attacks are rare .  libyan authorities are struggling to impose order in a country awash with weapon .
 al feldstein , longtime mad magazine editor , dies at 88 <sec> al feldstein , editor of mad magazine for 29 years , dies at age 88 .  originally an artist , feldstein joined ec comics , mad 's publisher , in the 1940s .  mad captured society 's cynicism , he said : `` it was the reaffirmation of those feelings in print .
 golf legends left disappointed in battle to design olympic course in rio <sec> golf legends ignored in choice for designer of 2016 olympic golf course in rio .  jack nicklaus , gary player and greg norman were disappointed bidders .  american company - hanse golf course design - selected as architects .  golf will return to the olympic games after 112-year absenc .
 russia lashes out at u.s. human rights blacklist <sec> russia answers a u.s. human rights law with revenge sanctions on 18 americans .  the u.s. law already drew an angry response when signed into law in december .  friday , washington published a list of alleged russian human rights abusers .  russia 's blacklist includes members of a new york district court and fbi and a dea agen .
 prince harry leaves scandal behind at uk awards dinner <sec> prince speaks at the annual awards gala of the british charity wellchild .  recently , pictures emerged of the prince partying naked in a las vegas hotel .  harry 's speech makes indirect reference to the picture .
 review : razer blade gaming laptop sleek , powerful , pricey <sec> review : razer blade gaming laptop is sleek and powerful , but not for everyone .  a $ 2,500 price tag puts the razer out of some gamers ' budgets .  detail on 17-inch screen is `` a visual dream '' .  powerful machine is designed not to get hot , even when played on the la .
 ukrainian civilians flee strategic town <sec> only 3,000 to 4,000 of debaltseve 's 25,000 people remain .  shells fall constantly on the strategic railway hub in eastern ukrain .
 honduran first lady : each case is a different story <sec> first lady of honduras has visited shelters in u.s. and mexico .  she says it is essential to `` be in the place where everything happens '' .  garcia de hernandez wants u.s. to view unaccompanied children on case-by-case basi .
 panda twins born at zoo atlanta <sec> giant panda twins born monday evening .  last panda twins born in u.s. were in 1987 , zoo says .  twins would go on public display in late fall .  fewer than 2,000 giant pandas thought to survive on plane .
 michael jackson 's estate consultant helps aeg live 's defense <sec> katherine jackson learns a consultant for her son 's estate is helping defend aeg live .  michael jackson 's mother is suing aeg live , contending it 's liable for her son 's death .  consultant eric briggs says the estate approved his work for aeg live 's defense .  briggs consulted for the jackson estate in the pas .
 roberts rebounds in kansas senate race , cnn/orc poll finds <sec> gop sen. pat roberts holds a 49-48 % lead over independent greg orman .  the results suggest roberts is consolidating support among rank-and-file republicans .  the race could hinge on how many republicans turn out to vot .
 oliver 'tuku ' mtukudzi : healing a wounded nation through music <sec> oliver mtukudzi , 60 , is an award-winning zimbabwean musician .  his latest album is a tribute to his son who died in a car crash in 2010 .  mtukudzi , known as tuku to his fans , uses his music to campaign against aids stigma and polygamy .  he 's also ventured into feature films to address social challenges in modern day afric .
 obama 2.0 : smarter , tougher -- but wiser ? <sec> david gergen : since re-election , obama seems smarter , tougher , bolder .  he says president outmanuevered opponents on taxes , key appointments .  did obama miss an opportunity to work cooperatively with gop , gergen asks .  gergen : conservatives fear obama is trying to run over the .
 police confirm prosthetic leg belongs to missing girl <sec> zahra baker has not been seen since september .  she lost her leg to bone cancer at age 5 .  police found her prosthetic leg off of a road in north carolin .
 profitable palm oil leaves environment poor <sec> over 87 % of palm oil produced by malaysia and indonesia in past year .  palm oil is versatile ingredient in thousands of consumer commodities .  demand for palm oil steadily rising since the 1970s , making it hugely profitable .  green groups say palm oil industry threatens tropical forests , peatlands , and wildlife habitat .
 china 's premier li keqiang warns europe over trade war <sec> china 's premier warns eu investigations into chinese-made solar panels would backfire .  li keqiang said european users and consumers would be hurt by the intensifying trade dispute .  li 's comments are the first time that china 's top leadership has weighed in on the disput .
 australian authorities destroy $ 630 million worth of heroin <sec> the australian navy has destroyed nearly 353 kilograms ( 780 pounds ) of heroin .  it intercepted the drugs on a smuggling vessel off the coast of tanzania , officials said .  a team from the aircraft carrier hmas melbourne boarded the smuggler ship wednesda .
 georgia death row inmate has n't proved innocence , court rules <sec> new : troy davis 's sister says she is disappointed and will keep fighting .  the evidence davis presented is `` not credible '' or `` smoke and mirrors , '' court finds .  davis faces execution for killing an off-duty police officer in 1989 but says he is innocent .  he was convicted in 1991 but witnesses have since recanted their testimon .
 roddick fit and ready to defend title <sec> andy roddick is fit and ready to defend his brisbane international title .  the world number eight felt his 2010 season was affected by injury and illness .  roddick is seeded second for the tournament behind world number four robin soderlin .
 colorado shooting charity responds to criticism from victims ' families <sec> at least $ 5 million has been donated to the aurora victims relief fund .  relatives of victims say their demands on how to spend the money have been ignored .  all money will go to meet the needs of the victims and families , foundation official says .  checks for $ 5,000 were sent to each of the 70 victims ' families earlier this mont .
 raul castro 's daughter , dissident blogger clash online <sec> raul castro 's daughter joined twitter to discuss a recent trip .  instead , she locked horns with a cuban dissident .  mariela castro espin lashes out at anti-government critic .
