 should obama campaign like bill clinton did ? <sec> julian zelizer : bill clinton won re-election by blurring differences with gop .  he says barack obama is trying to win by articulating what the democrats stand for .  zelizer : clinton 's approach would run the risk of helping mitt romney make his case .  he says obama needs to offer voters a choice and energize democrats ' base voter .
 opinion : nope , not too many men in alaska <sec> alaska has the highest men-to-women ratio in the country .  john sutter says the ratio does n't explain high rates of violence against women .  alaska also has the nation 's highest reported rape rate : three times the national average .  sutter : there are 107 men for every 100 women in alaska ; difference is n't extrem .
 official : iran , nuclear watchdog group deal close <sec> new : iaea and iran close to an agreement , nuclear watchdog chief says .  iran calls the talks `` constructive '' but does not address access to parchin .  prof. fereydoun abbasi davani is among those being slapped with sanctions .  abbasi davani , the head of iran atomic agency , survived a bomb that iran blamed on israe .
 2 missouri river levees break near iowa-missouri border <sec> new : a second breach occurs in holt county , missouri .  new : earlier , a levee broke in atchison county , missouri .  the flooding could affect the town of hamburg , iowa .  the missouri river could see near-record flooding this yea .
 world cup waiting is over : brazil 2014 ready to kick off <sec> hosts brazil kicks off world cup 2014 against croatia .  jennifer lopez sings at opening ceremony .  new : police fire teargas at protesters in sao paulo .  spain is defending champion from 2010 in south afric .
 german exit polls show merkel retains office <sec> chancellor angela merkel defeats her foreign minister , exit polls indicate .  `` this is a bitter defeat , '' says challenger frank-walter steinmeier .  merkel 's center-right christian democratic union got 33.7 % of vote , tv reports .  steinmeier 's center-left social democrats received 23.4 percent , network say .
 supporting the families of the fallen <sec> the memorial service for 19 firefighters who died in arizona is on july 9 .  the hotshot firefighters left behind families who need help now .  several organizations are on the ground in prescott helping these families cope .  head of one support group says the help these families need will be long-ter .
 britain 's catherine gives first public speech overseas <sec> duke , duchess of cambridge pay respects at singapore 's war cemetery .  they then arrive in kuala lumpur , malaysia ; pm hosts couple for lunch .  malaysia 's king , with queen and sultan of kedah , host couple for dinner .  they are in malaysia as part of tour to celebrate queen elizabeth 's diamond jubile .
 ellen degeneres to host 2014 oscars <sec> ellen degeneres will host the 2014 oscars .  the daytime talk show host follows seth macfarlane .  it 's the second time she 's hosted the ceremony .  the oscars will air on abc march 2 , 201 .
 do n't extend low interest rates on student loans <sec> william bennett : lowering interest on student loans does n't bring down college costs .  bennett : the issue has become the newest political cudgel .  he asks : how does president obama plan to pay for the $ 6 billion subsidy ? .  bennett : government needs to stop subsidizing low interest rate .
 shooting deaths of oklahoma girls remain a mystery one year later <sec> skyla jade whitaker , 11 , taylor paschal-placker , 13 , fatally shot on rural road .  local resident may be involved or have information , girl 's father believes .  billboard , posters around okfuskee county serve as reminders of girls ' brutal deaths .  skyla 's father finds comfort in visiting memorial at crime scen .
 opinion : the danger of billion-dollar valuations <sec> brian hamilton : have billion-dollar valuations of companies become the norm ? .  hamilton : even a decent business model does not justify such high numbers .  whatsapp 's acquisition price is above market cap of 275 companies in s & p 500 .  hamilton : investors should value companies based on fundamentals , like profitabilit .
 senate seat for caroline kennedy would extend legacy <sec> late president 's daughter has expressed interest in hillary clinton 's office .  move would put kennedy in seat once filled by her uncle robert .  kennedy has a history of avoiding partisanship and spotlight .  she said this year she was inspired by barack obam .
 people head for safety as rivers rise in louisiana <sec> new : three tornadoes touch down on thursday ; no injuries reported .  governor issues state of emergency for all of louisiana .  town of eunice has had more than 12 inches of rain in three days .  authorities have rescued dozens , and many others have evacuate .
 no sign of $ 40 million in donations <sec> documents uncovered by cnn show $ 40 million in donations to guatemala .  yet there was no sign of these donations in the poor central american country .  `` any charity that spends even a million dollars a year would be huge , '' aid worker say .
 selling to africa 's 'next million ' shoppers <sec> african consumers largely skeptical about traditional mass-media advertising .  `` zonal champions '' used by multinationals to promote brands through word of mouth .  they are locals who are trusted by their communities to recommend the right product .  this form of advertising gives employment opportunities to unskilled peopl .
 basque separatist group announces cease-fire <sec> the eta announced a cease-fire on sunday to various media .  spain 's prime minister 's office had no comment .  eta is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its long fight for independence .  previous cease-fire announcements have been broke .
 fbi : gunman at army post accused of threatening to kill obama <sec> new : robert a. quinones had done two tours in iraq , his neighbor says .  the former soldier faces multiple charges after a hostage incident .  charges say he expressed intentions to kill president obama , former president clinton .  a search of his residence yields many weapons , an affidavit state .
 solving the world 's hunger and obesity crises together <sec> ellen gustafson says world faces twin problems of hunger and obesity .  farms produced large amount of ingredients for cheap food , with low nutritional value .  us has sharply cut its development assistance for african farmers .  gustafson : we need to address two problems together as global food issu .
 football : deadline day comes to end <sec> the european football transfer window has finally closed after a frantic last day .  new ghana 's asamoah gyan signs for english premier league side sunderland for a $ 20 million club record fee from rennes .  new la liga side hercules confirm the signing of france striker david trezeguet on their official website .  new the rumor was true ! .  robinho has left manchester city to sign for ac milan on a four-year contrac .
 fletcher appointed as india cricket coach <sec> duncan fletcher to take the reins as the new india cricket coach .  he succeeds gary kirsten who stood down after india won world cup .  fletcher coached england for eight years , guiding them to 2005 ashes triump .
 rubio 's troubling immigration flip-flop <sec> ruben navarrette used to admire marco rubio , who challenged gov . .  crist in florida election .  but , navarrette says , rubio 's flip-flop on arizona 's immigration law changed his mind .  rubio opposed the law as racial profiling , now backs amended version , navarrette says .  navarrette says amendments are cosmetic at best ; rubio gullible or blinded by ambitio .
 texas law requires sonograms , explanations before abortions <sec> a texas law effective sept. 1 requires women seeking abortionsto get sonograms .  a doctor must explain the results of the sonogram .  exceptions are allowed , including in cases of sexual assaul .
 men convicted of hate crime sentenced to 9 years in prison <sec> new : two pennsylvania men were sentenced to nine years in prison .  they were convicted of a hate crime in an undocumented mexican immigrant 's death .  witnesses say the defendants did n't like luis ramirez living in their neighborhood .  witnesses also testified that ramirez was kicked in the hea .
 automaker execs say they 'll accept $ 1 pay <sec> new : `` no one is too big to fail , '' top senate democrat says .  all of the big three automaker ceos say they 'll accept salaries of $ 1 a year .  auto execs return to capitol hill this week to offer plans for turnaround .  executives driving to washington from detroit in hybrid vehicle .
 prison for ga. man in $ 50 million online fraud case <sec> cameron harrison pleaded guilty to possessing 260 credit and debit card numbers .  harrison : carder.su committed money laundering , narcotics trafficking , computer crimes .  harrison was caught when he went online to buy counterfeit i .
 minister cites likely pilot error in russian plane crash that kills 44 <sec> new : bad weather and human error possible causes of crash .  the moscow-to-petrozavodsk flight went down late monday .  nearly 140 rescue workers , doctors and police officers help at the scene .  the crash kills 44 people and injures eight more , emergency officials sa .
 a high view of impressionism 's roots <sec> `` inspiring impressionism '' looks at old masters , other influences on modern art .  featured are works of monet , renoir , cézanne , cassatt , morisot .  `` inspiring impressionism '' runs through january 31 , 2008 , at the high museum .  denver art museum and seattle art museum get the show nex .
 helicopters search for charlie hebdo shooters <sec> items found in suspects ' car could have been used to make explosives , officials say .  sources say police believe they spotted the suspects on foot .  nine arrested in charlie hebdo shooting but not the main suspect .
 10 california deputies suspended after beating man <sec> san bernardino sheriff says 10 deputies have been put on leave .  video from a news helicopter shows deputies punching and kicking a man repeatedl .
 north korean defectors share their ordeals <sec> international pressure is mounting on north korea when it comes to human rights abuses .  defectors share their stories of hunger , imprisonment .  north korea comments on senate cia report , accusing america of `` inhuman '' act .
 cleanup begins after tornado outbreaks <sec> the national weather service confirms 42 tornadoes hit 10 states friday and saturday .  another deadly wave of severe storms swept through the midwest days earlier .  disaster relief organizations mobilize across region to provide aid .  for a information on how you can help , go to cnn.com/impac .
 iraq : why violence and oil do n't mix <sec> iraq is experiencing the deadliest sectarian violence since 2008 and oil production has fallen .  global oil companies in iraq are paid for their services rather than getting a share of profits .  this means the companies have little appetite for risk , cnn 's john defterios says .  there are fears iraq is not investing enough in its oil distribution network , he say .
 egyptian footballer handed ban for political celebration <sec> al ahly forward ahmed abdul zaher indefinitely suspended after controversial gesture .  egyptian put up for sale by club and barred from playing in fifa club world cup .  footballer celebrated african champions league final goal with political salut .
 u.s. diplomats attacked and killed on the job <sec> several u.s. diplomats have died after being attacked .  they include then-ambassadors christopher stevens , john mein and francis melo .
 with facial recognition , google pins hopes on galaxy nexus <sec> google , samsung unveil galaxy nexus phone and android 4.0 , or `` ice cream sandwich '' .  the new nexus phone has a big , 4.65-inch screen and is first to run new system .  new android operating system is designed for both smartphones and tablets .  android phones dominate market , but no single phone has rivaled apple 's iphon .
 michael dunn says jordan davis ' death followed loud music spat <sec> michael dunn says he and girlfriend fled scene of shooting , went to b & b and ordered pizza .  `` justifiable use of deadly force , '' not stand your ground , is defense , attorney says .  dunn shot after seeing shotgun , he says ; the police say teens were unarmed .  mom of shooting victim says it 's been `` the most difficult , challenging year of my life .
 dave bing 's detroit : what 's on the mayor 's tour <sec> nba hall of famer dave bing became detroit 's mayor in 2009 .  `` it 's probably the second most difficult job in this country behind the president , '' bing said .  bing offered up five can't-miss things in detroit for visitors or residents .  some spots , like the motown museum , are already famous ; some he hopes will b .
 stoner strikes first blow of 2011 motogp season with qatar triumph <sec> casey stoner makes winning start to 2011 motogp season with victory in qatar .  australian triumphs on his debut for honda repsol team in his 24th race win .  world champion jorge lorenzo claims second place from 2010 rival dani pedrosa .  seven-time world champion valentino rossi back in seventh on ducati debu .
 'the bachelor ' wedding : what you did n't see on tv <sec> ew got a superfan in to the 'bachelor ' wedding .  guests included lisa vanderpump and andy dick from 'dwts ' .  the bride walked down the aisle to michael jackson 's 'human nature .
 how the 'silicon valley of india ' is bridging the digital divide <sec> the indian city of bangalore is home to some of the world 's top global software companies .  it experts are trying to bridge the digital divide by providing free wireless internet in some areas using unused spectrum .  only 20 percent of urban indians and three percent of rural indians use the internet .  traditional craftspeople are also being trained to surf the net and use web tools for the first time in their live .
 rebuilding joplin a year after tornado <sec> a year after tornado hit joplin , missouri , hundreds are still homeless .  many business have yet to reopen and families struggle to find permanent housing .  almost 130,000 volunteers have logged hundreds of thousands of hours helping to rebuild .  there are many ways for you to get involved in the rebuilding effort .
 11-year-old resuscitated after sand tunnel collapse <sec> boy , 11 , was digging a tunnel with friends on a beach in ocean city , maryland .  lifeguards rushed to help ; boy had no pulse and was n't breathing .  beach patrol captain : `` he basically went from dead to life '' .  boy recovering in hospital , expected to be released later wednesda .
 reports : serbian authorities hang wanted posters for mladic <sec> mladic is wanted by the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia .  he is accused of overseeing the killings of almost 8,000 bosnian muslims in 1995 .  the tribunal accused serbia of knowing mladic 's whereabouts .  serbian leaders deny protecting the former bosnian serb commande .
 trying to build a better breast pump <sec> 120 people participated in a `` make the breast pump not suck '' hackathon at mit .  the engineers , designers and parents created new takes on the breast pump .  the winner was a pump on a utility belt that could be worn under clothe .
 activist 's travels form 'peace sign ' on map <sec> antiwar activist 's route from the white house to bush 's ranch forms peace sign .  bryan rode scooter more than 11,000 miles on circuitous route .  activist says she 's hoping to start a dialog to end war in ira .
 young upstarts plotting mid east art revolution <sec> ayyam gallery in dubai has run 13 young collectors ' auctions since 2008 .  ten of the artists at the latest auction were aged 30 or under .  many of the young emerging artists are photographer .
 senate tosses shutdown hot potato back to house <sec> new : president obama criticizes republican tactics on shutdown , debt ceiling .  the senate sends the house a revised spending plan to avoid a shutdown .  senate democrats restore funding for obamacare opposed by republicans .  house speaker john boehner faces a showdown with tea party conservative .
 bahrain 's f1 race rescheduled for october <sec> race , scheduled to launch the f1 season , was canceled in february over unrest .  f1 officials visited kingdom before bahrain lifted emergency laws wednesday .  motorsport 's ruling body confirms the reinstatement of the grand prix .  the sunni royal leadership continues to crack down on shiite opponent .
 discover golf 's top luxury retreats <sec> pristine bay resort is situated on a 400-plus acre site adjacent to the caribbean sea on roatan .  mission hills lies in china 's volcanic region of hainan island and has 10 golf courses .  elk and deer roam free at canada 's jasper park lodge , a unesco world heritage sit .
 jerusalem tensions : clashes at holy site ; van hits 14 <sec> new : three israeli soldiers are in moderate condition , a hospital official says .  clashes have erupted at a palestinian refugee camp , witnesses say .  paramedics say 15 injured in latest clashes at temple mount , or haram al-sharif .  elsewhere : palestinian driver hits pedestrians ; israeli police officer kille .
 world cup : argentina defeats netherlands to reach final <sec> argentina defeats the netherlands 4-2 on penalties .  contest finished goalless after 120 minutes .  first world cup semifinal to finish goalless .  germany awaits in sunday 's fina .
 boko haram purportedly pledges allegiance to isis <sec> audio message was released online saturday and speaker is said to be boko haram leader .  expert says partnership will have benefits for both groups , including giving isis international legitimacy .  but u.s. intelligence officials have indicated their doubts they groups would work well as partner .
 uk woman loses assisted suicide appeal <sec> uk court rejects appeal calling for clarification of laws on assisted suicide .  but verdict hints anyone helping another go elsewhere to die would n't be prosecuted .  ms sufferer debbie purdy wants option to travel abroad for assisted death .  parents of rugby player who died in switzerland last year were not prosecute .
 billions in cash smuggled out of afghanistan every year <sec> it is estimated $ 8 billion in cash was lugged out of afghanistan last year .  the country limits cash leaving the country at once to $ 20,000 .  those with money are worried what will happen when foreign troops leav .
 cain suspends presidential bid <sec> new : woman who alleges an affair with cain wants an apology .  cain will endorse another candidate soon .  cain 's iowa support fell to single digits , the des moines register reports .  candidate was dogged by allegations of sexual harassment and an affai .
 mexican cartel threatened catholic seminary , archbishop says <sec> mexico city 's archbishop says a cartel tried to extort a seminary .  anonymous callers claimed to be from the familia michoacana cartel .  they threatened to kill if money was n't paid , he says .  the catholic church has been caught in the crossfire of warring cartel .
 grenada : feeling the heat in caribbean 'spice island ' <sec> the 2012 grenada sailing festival begins on friday .  organizers say the waters are some of the most challenging in the caribbean .  the crystal blue sea is a haven for sailors , swimmers and scuba divers , keen to race , relax and explor .
 marines train for expanded embassy guard program <sec> defense authorization act includes expansion of embassy security forces .  the number of marines guarding u.s. embassies will nearly double .  a quick-response unit also will allow for reinforcements when needed .  trainees undergo rigorous training and must attain high security clearanc .
 commentary : a history lesson for rush limbaugh <sec> james carville : rush limbaugh is now an advocate of bipartisan government .  limbaugh proposes splitting stimulus plan between obama and gop , carville says .  carville : if that plan had been in effect in 2000 , iraq war might have been avoide .
 russia , poland exit euro 2012 after dramatic group a finale <sec> czech republic and greece first teams into quarterfinals at euro 2012 .  russia and co-hosts poland exit after losing final group a matches .  captain giorgos karagounis scores greece 's winner against russia .  petr jiracek scores his second goal of tournament to eliminate polan .
 football first 11 : do or die derbies <sec> united beat city 4-3 in a classic manchester derby on sunday .  the derby between rangers and celtic in glasgow is bitterly contested .  when al ahly face zamalek , foreign referees have to be brought in .  despite distance between river plate and boca 's grounds , animosity is hig .
 fda advisers vote to take vicodin , percocet off market <sec> new : panel votes to kill prescription drugs that combine acetaminophen , narcotics .  panel advises lower maximum doses of nonprescription acetaminophen drugs .  those drugs include tylenol , nyquil , pamprin and allerest .  cdc estimates acetaminophen was the likely cause of most acute liver failure .
 opinion : sheryl sandberg wrong on 'bossy ' ban <sec> facebook coo sheryl sandberg is launching a `` ban bossy '' campaign .  peggy drexler : abolishing the word is pointless ; other words will take its place .  she says banning the word seems to say bossy qualities are bad when they 're not .  drexler : there is pride in being opinionated and motivated -- that is to say , boss .
