 judge throws out evidence , statements in ex-astronaut 's case <sec> judge : lisa nowak 's statements and items in her car were unlawfully obtained .  nowak 's attorneys have said her comments were made under duress .  former astronaut is accused of stalking and assaulting a romantic rival .  nowak has pleaded not guilty to charges including attempted kidnappin .
 d.c. zoo sending panda to china to breed <sec> washington 's national zoo will lose panda in 2010 .  tai shan was born to pandas who were also on loan from china .  tai shan is being sent to a breeding base in southwest china .  china nearing goal of having 300 pandas in captivit .
 sandy closes major u.s. airports , flights grounded worldwide <sec> new : airlines ground more flights as sandy strikes northeastern u.s . .  new york 's jfk , laguardia airports and newark in new jersey all closed .  combined losses to airlines of roughly $ 10 million per day , estimates travel expert .  quest : airlines ' schedule systems could get stranded passengers home by weeken .
 a visit to osama bin laden 's lair <sec> peter bergen was only journalist to visit place where bin laden lived -- and died .  bergen says the squalid compound seemed like a camping site .  bin laden 's room still contained medicines and hair dye he used .  from this site , bin laden composed memos in effort to control al qaeda , bergen say .
 ex-beatles , rolling stones manager allen klein dies <sec> allen klein , who inked contracts for dozens of musicians , dies at age 77 .  klein 's company , abkco , built up catalog of copyrights to more than 2,000 songs .  known for his tough negotiating style , many blame klein for the beatles ' break-u .
 pietersen left out of england 's world twenty20 title defense <sec> kevin pietersen left out of england 's world twenty20 squad .  pietersen starred in their triumph in the caribbean two years ago .  south african born batsman at odds with england team management .  australian legend shane warne says omission is a 'tragedy .
 occupy protests spread around the world ; 70 injured in rome <sec> 70 are injured in rome clashes .  the predominantly peaceful protests are inspired by occupy wall street .  julian assange addresses the crowd in london .  calls for the protests began on facebook and twitte .
 opinion : for tiger , winning does take care of everything <sec> nike 's new ad about tiger woods proclaims `` winning takes care of everything '' .  roxanne jones : we criticized woods for his infidelity , but he never cheated his sport .  she says in the world of competitive sports you are only as good as your last big win .  jones : for me , nothing is better than someone who can get back up after a knockou .
 50 years ago today : bob dylan released his debut album <sec> in 1961 bob dylan had been playing the coffee houses for a little over a year .  it was columbia record executive john hammond who saw the huge potential in dylan .  on march 19 , 1962 , bob dylan 's self-titled debut lp hit shelve .
 adviser to missionaries in haiti kidnap case is arrested <sec> jorge torres-puello gave legal advice to missionaries in quake case .  torres-puello arrested in dominican republic , accused of human trafficking .  he is linked to network that trafficked in haitian and central american children , officials sa .
 manatees crowd out humans at three sisters springs <sec> over 300 manatees swam into three sisters springs .  officials closed the area to humans .  the warm waters protect the mammals during winte .
 liberian president disbands entire cabinet <sec> president ellen johnson-sirleaf appoints deputies in their places .  it provides an opportunity to start with a fresh slate , she says .  she makes the announcement at an emergency meeting .  johnson-sirleaf is currently the only elected female head of state in afric .
 japan signs deal with turkey to build nuclear plant <sec> japan and turkey agree a $ 22 billion contract for a nuclear reactor .  the reactor will be built in turkey 's northern sinop province , on the black sea .  turkey 's prime minister says technology has advanced since japan 's fukushima disaster .  turkey , like japan , is in an active earthquake zon .
 woman plunks venezuelan president with mango <sec> marleni olivo , 54 , hit venezuelan president nicolas maduro in the head with a mango .  in a national tv broadcast , maduro said he would grant her request for a new apartment .  she wanted to give him a note , she says , but had no paper , only a mang .
 federal judge upholds most of new york gun law <sec> new york judge upholds law restricting assault weapons and large-capacity magazines .  provision prohibiting the loading of more than seven rounds thrown out .  laws passed after 2012 mass shooting at newtown elementary schoo .
 report : carter , 'the elders ' in north korea to push talks with south <sec> tensions between north korea and the west have spiked in recent years .  pyongyang 's nuclear development program has been a source of concern .  south korea accuses the north of torpedoing and sinking one of its warships .  the elders expect to meet with ailing north korean leader kim jong i .
 timing is everything for iphone 5 accessory makers <sec> most smartphone accessories are bought in the first three months of owning a phone .  for iphone 5 accessory makers , the race is on to get products on shelves quickly .  some companies get specs from apple in advance , others from leaks and factorie .
 opinion : duped on iraq war , has press learned ? <sec> paul waldman : rumsfeld remarks in push for iraq war were classic doublespeak .  he says reporters , who are supposed to be quick studies in new areas , were credulous .  he says savvy bush administration easily duped press into selling case for war .  waldman : all news media guilty but hope is that they learned from , wo n't repeat mistak .
 'blurred lines ' lawsuit draws $ 7.4 million <sec> marvin gaye 's family sued over similarities between 'blurred lines ' and 'got to give it up ' .  a jury has awarded the family $ 7.4 million in the suit .  the gaye family was seeking more than $ 25 million .  the decision was reached after eight days of trial testimon .
 why are we beating up starbucks ? <sec> starbucks encouraged baristas to discuss race with customers .  david love : starbucks deserves credit for tackling race , an issue that americans need to talk abou .
 one of saudi arabia 's most wanted believed linked to bomb plot <sec> ibrahim hassan al-asiri is believed to be in yemen .  he grew up in riyadh , saudi arabia .  he recruited his brother into a terrorist movemen .
 whitney houston -- a soaring talent , a troubled life <sec> hilary rosen : whitney houston was strong , poised and immensely talented .  she says whitney houston came under pressure to satisfy critics , struggled with drugs .  houston was an advocate for causes including the struggles against apartheid and aids .  rosen : the media should celebrate the positives about people while they are still aliv .
 somali pirates seize yacht with four americans onboard , military says <sec> new : a friend of the yacht 's owners say they were worried about piracy .  the yacht is owned by an american couple .  the yacht was hijacked in the indian ocean en route from india to oman .  u.s. officials say they are monitoring the situatio .
 snowstorm brings chaos to madrid <sec> airport reopens after suspending flights for hours friday .  madrid is one of the highest capitals in europe , at an elevation of 646 meters .  however , it rarely has heavy snowfall of the kind seen frida .
 louis c.k . 's 'fat girl ' strikes a nerve <sec> the show takes on the issue of plus-size women dating .  one writer calls the episode `` brutally honest '' .  another applauds louis c.k . .  for tackling the issu .
 best day trips from rio <sec> no cars are allowed on the tropical island of ilha grande .  colonial town of paraty is famous for colorful and well preserved colonial architecture .  buzios offers a bevy of choice beaches and nightlife option .
 madame tussauds unveils 13th waxwork of michael jackson <sec> waxwork is the 13th of jackson unveiled by the london tourist attraction .  model had been commissioned before singer 's death to coincide with london concerts .  only queen elizabeth ii has been portrayed more often by the museu .
 muslim brotherhood undergoing generational rift in egypt <sec> youth coalition seeks to help egypt transition to a civil democratic state .  some younger members say they feel isolated from the islamist organization .  `` our motives are different , '' says 35-year-old islam lotf .
 bush : 'i regret saying some things i should n't have said ' <sec> in cnn interview , president reflects on his term .  `` mission accomplished '' banner , `` dead or alive '' comment among his regrets .  he says meeting with obama was relaxed , obama will bring sense of family .  bush says texas , book in his post-presidential futur .
 former foster youth works on hill to change child welfare system - cnnpolitics.com <sec> marchelle roberts was taken away from her parents when she was 7 .  she and her brother suffered abuse in foster care before being adopted .  she 's one of 15 ex-foster children in a novel congressional internship program .  its aim is to have kids who 've been in the system help shape child welfare polic .
 36 survive venezuelan plane crash <sec> fifteen people confirmed dead , governor says .  the aircraft belongs to the government-owned conviasa airline .  the plane crashed in southeastern venezuel .
 'american horror story : freak show ' : how was it ? <sec> `` american horror story : freak show '' premiered wednesday .  it 's the fourth installment in the fx miniseries .  some viewers were sufficiently scare .
 barbie to appear in sports illustrated swimsuit edition <sec> barbie 's appearance in sports illustrated swimsuit issue is causing a stir .  barbie featured in magazine is also for sale at target .  mattel says campaign 's goal is to empower fans to celebrate what makes them unique .  critics say `` unapologetic '' campaign blurs lines between real women , inanimate object .
 florida woman involved in love triangle guilty of murder <sec> rachel wade sobs as the verdict was read .  the conviction carries a penalty of 20 1/2 years to life .  wade says she stabbed romantic rival in self-defens .
 former nypd officer charged with hate crimes in anti-semitic vandalism <sec> several buildings and vehicles vandalized with anti-semitic graffiti , nypd says .  michael setiawan , 36 , a former officer , has been charged with hate crimes , police say .  `` this was an extremely brazen and hateful act , '' city councilman say .
 james cameron emerges from 'alien world ' at ocean 's depths <sec> it felt like another planet , director james cameron says .  at a microbial level , life is adapting , cameron says .  the hydraulic system did not work , so samples could not be brought back , cameron says .  he is the first person to dive solo to that spot , the deepest in any of the world 's ocean .
 australia calls off rescue operation after boat capsizing <sec> the 55 survivors are headed to merak , indonesia .  rescuers have been searching since wednesday after a boat reported engine trouble .  australian authorities say there is `` no realistic prospect '' of other survivors .  ships carrying asylum seekers in australia regularly run into trouble in the are .
 death toll from haiti storms nearly 800 <sec> death toll from string of hurricanes and tropical storms in haiti rises to nearly 800 .  heavy rainfall from four major storms in august and september created fatal flooding .  united states has provided more than $ 30 million in humanitarian ai .
 meet the family who operate the bridges of st. petersburg <sec> sergey matveev has operated the palace bridge in st petersburg for 34 years .  his wife and two sons also operate drawbridges in the picturesque russian city .  drawbridge operators play a vital role in ensuring the smooth passage of maritime traffic along the river nev .
 source : spitzer investigated for link to prostitution ring <sec> affidavit details alleged encounter with `` kristen '' in hotel room .  affidavit : unnamed client paid kristen $ 4,300 .  spitzer known for his efforts to crack down on crime , corruptio .
 female fan-power on rise in germany and italy as euro 2012 approaches <sec> new study of soccer fans shows female supporters on rise in italy and germany .  germany will have the biggest backing of big five european nations with 62 % of population .  of that 62 % female fans make up nearly half , with italy attracting similar numbers .  england can rely on 15.6 million fans but figure only translates to 44 % of populatio .
 in tennessee , troubled elephants find an unlikely home <sec> the elephant sanctuary takes in old , injured , abused animals .  2,700-acre facility is largest of its kind in the united states .  site closed to the public to make elephants ' lives closer to in the wild .  donations have always exceeded needs , but economy not keeping up this yea .
 ex-government scientist pleads not guilty on attempted espionage charge <sec> stewart david nozette appeared thursday in u.s. district court .  judge denied bond after seeing undercover video of nozette and agent .  nozette may have planned to leave wife behind if he fled the u.s . .  nozette willing `` to work for israeli intelligence , '' complaint state .
 champions league : holders real madrid draw schalke 04 in last 16 stage <sec> real madrid draw schalke 04 in last 16 of champions league .  psg vs. chelsea and manchester city vs. barcelona arguably pick of last 16 ties .  bayern munich to meet ukraine 's shakhtar donetsk .  last season 's finalists atletico face bayer leverkuse .
 torture report splits 2016 democrats - cnnpolitics.com <sec> all 2016 democrats are against torture , but have varying reactions to this week 's torture report release .  martin o'malley went the farthest when he called for a special prosecutor from the justice department .  hillary clinton supported the release of the report , but has yet to comment on its revelations .  jim webb questioned congress ' role in the matter in tweets after the report was release .
 entertainers , politicians , friends mourn james gandolfini <sec> james gandolfini 's death on wednesday affected many in hollywood and beyond .  friends and colleagues mourned his passing in tweets and statement .
 u.s. branding of al-nusra as terrorists may have unintended consequences <sec> u.s. state department has added al-nusra front in syria to its list of terrorist organizations .  some syrian rebels object , saying al-nusra 's expertise is needed in fight against regime .  the u.s. wants to build up a moderate political opposition for a future post-assad syria .  al-nusra says it wants syria to be an islamic state , but it 's not formally linked to al qaed .
 syrian rebels target hezbollah militia , fire rockets into lebanon <sec> new : obama stresses his concern to the lebanese president over hezbollah 's `` active and growing role '' .  across syria , at least 62 people have died in violence monday , opposition says .  qusayr is strategically valuable to rebels and government forces .  israeli vehicle reportedly seized ; israel calls claim `` cheap propaganda .
 chinese citizen kidnapped in malaysia <sec> gunmen have kidnapped a chinese man working in malaysian borneo .  authorities believe filipino rebels are responsible .  another chinese citizen and a filipino worker were abducted from the region last mont .
 morsy to address egyptians amid mounting violence <sec> morsy chief of staff says president 's address will contain important information .  the announcement comes after more than 200 people were hurt wednesday .  masked men set fire to muslim brotherhood offices in three cities .  opposition leaders say they are prepared to start talks with morsy if he withdraws his edic .
 kansas house passes bill to deny same-sex couples services <sec> the legislation passes 72-49 ; it moves next to the senate .  the bill would allow refusal on the basis of religious beliefs .  it `` seeks to enshrine discrimination , '' says rights group leade .
 pakistani police arrest three linked to times square bomb attempt <sec> three pakistanis were arrested in connection with helping the suspect in the times square plot .  the three confessed to their involvement , police say .  they took faisal shahzad to meet and train with pakistani taliban leaders , police say .  they were arrested tuesda .
 christian woman in sudan sentenced to death for her faith <sec> meriam yehya ibrahim 's lawyer says she refused to recant her christian faith in court .  husband tells cnn : `` i 'm so frustrated . .  i do n't know what to do . '' .  ibrahim , 27 , has been convicted of apostasy and sentenced to death .  she considers herself christian , but a court says she is musli .
 husband of pregnant woman wants her off life support <sec> marlise munoz fell unconscious on november 26 .  her husband said she would not want to be on life support .  texas law prohibits withdrawing life-sustaining treatment from a pregnant patien .
 philip chism , 15 , charged with killing teacher , accused in assault <sec> philip chism , 15 , allegedly assaults youth services worker .  teen is charged with raping and killing his algebra teacher , colleen ritzer .  he has pleaded not guilty to aggravated rape , robbery , murder charge .
 downtown los angeles , home to america 's skid row <sec> skid row in l.a. is a 54-block area home to the nation 's largest concentration of homeless people .  new york city has the biggest homeless population , but l.a. has biggest number of unsheltered homeless .  the homeless in downtown los angeles ' skid row live on sidewalks under tarps and tent .
 prosecution rests in 'whitey ' bulger trial <sec> the prosecution 's last witness is an fbi agent on the los angeles fugitive task force .  he talks about the day he led bulger out of his fortress on a ruse about his storage locker .  as a fugitive , bulger kept tabs on former associates and researched how to stay hidden .  irs agent talks about how bulger and his associates concealed their illegal activit .
 many clouds wins grand national <sec> 25-1 shot many clouds wins grand national .  second win a row for jockey leighton aspell .  first jockey to win two in a row on different horses since 1950 .
 french minister : 'tons ' of islamists ' heavy weapons found in mali <sec> france 's defense minister describes seeing sizable arms caches in northern mali .  the islamist fighters ' cache were `` destined to break ( france 's ) security , '' he adds .  france accomplished much of its mission , but `` hardest '' part remains , he say .
 gop budget will break the middle class <sec> tom perriello : house gop 's new budget plan dumps more of tax burden on the middle class .  he says proposal would be a dead end for america 's middle class and manufacturing .  perriello says plan 's theory is essentially that the richest create jobs and add to economy .  perriello : gop budget is not a cruel joke but logical result of conservative economic theor .
 the spill : how much should bp suffer ? <sec> new : trade association : `` bp has done everything that the federal government has asked '' .  two years after the oil spill , experts weigh in on possible punishments for bp .  bp says it expects the temporary ban will be lifted soon .  the epa says the oil giant showed a `` lack of business integrity .
 ferguson message : system unfair to minorities ( opinion ) <sec> raul reyes : grand jury decided not to indict officer darren wilson ; prosecutor key in this .  he says robert mcculloch compromised grand jury from start , should have recused himself .  his giving grand jury voluminous evidence made it seem he was acting to protect wilson .  reyes : decision an affront to the fundamental american value we are all are equal under la .
 cnn student news transcript - december 14 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 n.y. official : new ebola policy 'a real stunner ' <sec> new : ebola survivor donates plasma to dr. craig spencer .  doctors without borders says there is a ''notable lack of clarity '' in new guidelines .  health care worker arrived at newark liberty international airport on friday .  officials said she developed high temperature after arrival , result from ebola test came back negativ .
