 survey delves into high birth rate for young latinas <sec> 53 percent of latinas are pregnant by their 20th birthday , survey finds .  survey : most feel that college , career are key to their future .  most teens in study believe that parents give conflicting message .
 biden rebukes cheney , guarantees we 're 'safer today ' <sec> vp biden speaks tuesday with cnn 's wolf blitzer and gloria borger .  biden says recent criticism from former vice president cheney is `` dead wrong '' .  he says bush administration left the country in weakest shape since ww ii .  biden calls for tougher response from moscow and beijing on n. korea rocket launc .
 green beret who died saving comrades awarded medal of honor <sec> new : president obama presents the award at a white house ceremony .  robert miller protected u.s. and afghan troops during an attack .  `` we were fish in a barrel , '' says miller 's sergeant .  miller is the seventh recipient of the award from operations in iraq , afghanista .
 hacking competition leaves android , windows phone 7 undefeated <sec> at pwn2own hacking competition , android and windows phone 7 tough nuts to crack .  took only two days for hackers to crack into the apple and blackberry operating systems .  `` survival of a target at pwn2own does not automatically declare it safer , '' winner caution .
 man city , chelsea share spoils <sec> chelsea and man city play out 1-1 draw .  lampard a late sub for man city .  sturridge scores on liverpool retur .
 bring keith olbermann back to espn <sec> howard kurtz : there 's talk that keith olbermann wants to return to espn .  he says olbermann has been controversial at several leading media outlets .  kurtz says olbermann has great talent and deserves another shot at sports .  kurtz : working with olbermann may not always be easy , but he can be worth the troubl .
 is the republican presidential field growing by two ? <sec> sen. lindsey graham of south carolina : `` it 's the hardest thing one could ever do '' .  former sen. rick santorum of pennsylvania : `` i have n't made any final decisions .
 emir steps in to stem kuwait 's conflict <sec> kuwait 's leader dissolves parliament and calls for early elections after conflict .  cabinet resigned earlier this week after a power struggle with the government .  the emir said he was forced to act to safeguard kuwait 's national unity .  new elections have been set for may 17 according to state-run news agenc .
 playboy to publish 3-d centerfold <sec> the 3-d centerfold will appear in the june issue , which hits newsstands friday .  hbo is promoting `` true blood '' by sponsoring the 3-d glasses included in each issue .  the subject of the photos is 51st playmate of the year hope dworaczy .
 u.s. , russia say arms control talks to resume next year <sec> talks are expected to resume in mid-january with new proposals .  1991 strategic arms reduction treaty expired on december 5 .  leaders agreed to honor start until a replacement treaty could be negotiated .  u.s. and russian presidents had hoped a new agreement could be ready this yea .
 the facebook games that millions love ( and hate ) <sec> zynga games like farmville , mafia wars are played by millions every day on facebook .  expert says social gaming succeeds by appealing to women , other non-traditional gamers .  zynga founder says key to success was games that can be played during conference call .  backlash leads to fb group of 5 million saying they 're tired of seeing game .
 michael connelly on new mickey haller book , 'the gods of guilt ' <sec> michael connelly 's new novel features lawyer mickey haller of `` lincoln lawyer '' fame .  connelly 's fifth haller book , `` the gods of guilt , '' goes on sale this week .  haller takes on a murder case in which the victim is a former client .  connelly is working with amazon studios on pilot featuring det . .  harry bosc .
 colorado balloon incident under federal investigation <sec> federal aviation administration looking into `` escaped balloon '' story .  balloon 's owners already facing several local charges .  heene family deserves presumption of innocence , lawyer says .  no proof that richard heene called faa when balloon set off , source say .
 commentary : hate crimes terrorize all of us <sec> ruben navarrette : hate crimes should be punished more severely .  he says hate crimes terrorize society as a whole .  navarrette : latinos , blacks and jews have all been targets of haters .  he says obama is right to urge constant vigilance against hat .
 oregon mall shooting victims described as 'caring , ' having 'zest for life ' <sec> new : steven forsyth was racing to a kiosk for his new business when he was killed .  cindy yuille worked for kaiser permanente for 16 years .  the nurse enjoyed cross-country skiing and was `` not a mall person , '' her husband says .  the outlook is good for wounded girl 's eventual recovery , a surgeon say .
 prince william to start royal navy attachment <sec> britain 's prince william begins two-month attachment with royal navy on monday .  william has completed attachment with the royal air force .  the future king is a second lieutenant in the british army .  experience will prepare him for when he becomes head of armed forces as kin .
 best falafel in dubai -- and where to find it <sec> arva ahmed 's food tours seek out the most authentic dishes in dubai .  locations are sometimes unglamorous -- in a city renowned for glitz -- but recipes are delicious .  lebanese pizza , chili felafel and fesenjoon chicken stew are among tour highlights .  ahmed is helping to pioneer a different kind of dubai touris .
 vidic given all-clear to face kiev <sec> nemanja vidic plays in man united 's champions league tie at dynamo kiev .  serbian defender sat out 4-1 win at aston villa with after-effects of concussion .  united started group campaign with wins against sporting lisbon and rom .
 'selma ' star david oyelowo on becoming mlk <sec> the british actor is winning raves for his performance .  he has a spiritual connection to the role .  oprah winfrey calls the project `` divine timing .
 did obama keep his drone promises ? <sec> president obama spoke six months ago of changes to the u.s. drone war programs .  peter bergen says strikes have decreased , but there are still civilian casualties .  he says a board should be created to review drone strikes afterward .  bergen : u.s. needs to fix its drone program and work with other nations on standard .
 m23 rebels ignore deadline to leave goma <sec> new : the united nations calls on rebels to stop fighting .  m23 rebels occupying the city of goma , democratic republic of congo , refuse to leave .  african leaders gave the rebel group until midnight tuesday to withdraw .  the rebels want to talk with congolese president about breaches of a 2009 peace treat .
 justices deny review over students ' religious messages in classroom <sec> texas school officials stopped distribution by students of religious-themed gifts on campus .  parents of the students said the school officials violated their children 's constitutional rights .  an appeals court ruled in favor of the school officials .  the supreme court refused monday to consider appeals on behalf of the parent .
 a mother 's journey to bearing arms <sec> tracy scarpulla used to be adamant about not having guns in the house .  her husband , a marine , firmly believes in the right to bear arms .  after a decade , she 's changed her view and supports gun ownership .  have a personal essay to share with the world ? .  submit at cnn irepor .
 skeletons , bodies surface in india 's holiest river <sec> 80 bodies surfaced in india 's holiest and most polluted river .  some people ca n't afford cremation and partly burn the bodies and send them into the rive .
 cnn student news - november 7 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call . .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 kenya 's cycling hero puts next generation on the right track <sec> david kinjah is one of kenya 's most successful cyclists .  as well as a successful career , kinjah mentored future tour de france champion chris froome .  today he runs the safari simbaz , a group of aspiring cyclists in kenya .  kinjah says : `` we realize that there is a huge potential in developing local talent .
 why we need our slice of mayberry <sec> diane werts notes `` the andy griffith show '' was no . .  1 in 1968 .  in an era of upheaval , americans turned to mayberry , she says .  who would n't choose mayberry over crime , war and societal chaos ? .  she say .
 put your stamp on tampa <sec> the tampa theatre is one of the most spectacular movie palaces in the country .  the dali museum just moved into a new building worthy of the artist 's body of work .  posh does n't begin to describe the loews doncesar resort , a 277-room playgroun .
 pakistan condemns suspected drone strike that killed six <sec> pakistan calls u.s. drone strikes `` counter productive '' .  a drone fired 2 missiles at a suspected militant hideout , officials say .  official : cia drone strikes in pakistan are carried out autonomously .  tensions between pakistan and u.s. have been rising in recent month .
 former haitian dictator 'baby doc ' dies <sec> jean-claude `` baby doc '' duvalier has died of a heart attack .  he ruled haiti with an iron fist from 1971 to 1986 .  he fled haiti , was accused of human rights violations , but evaded prosecutio .
 courtney cash , grandniece of johnny cash , found dead in a box <sec> courtney cash , grandniece of johnny cash , was found dead in her home .  police say she was apparently stabbed by a friend , who is in custody .  he was charged with first-degree murder .  cash 's boyfriend was also hurt in the stabbing and remains hospitalize .
 will debt deal save greece ? <sec> greece is in negotiations over its latest bailout deal , but needs to meet harsh new terms .  the country is implementing austerity measures but faces protests and deteriorating finances .  the default of a eurozone member is politically and economically charge .
 is kip moore country music 's next biggest star ? <sec> kip moore 's debut album , `` up all night , '' landed in billboard 200 's top 10 .  `` somethin ' 'bout a truck '' has been certified gold and has sold more than 700,000 digital singles .  `` i try to just speak it like how i felt people would say it , '' moore say .
 jesse jackson : release of u.s. captive in colombia 'imminent ' <sec> new : jackson says the release would be a 'humanitarian gesture of their own volition '' .  u.s. civil rights leader jesse jackson says he 's helping to facilitate the release .  kevin scott sutay was captured by farc rebels in june .  he is a u.s. army veteran who served in afghanista .
 arizona suspect fired stolen rifle despite store lock <sec> before he was slammed into by a police car , mario valencia fired a rifle with a loosened lock .  he shoplifted the gun and ammo from a walmart , where a saleswoman who showed him the weapon alerted security .  walmart says the lock was properly installed but police say it was loose when it was foun .
 travelers returning from mexico should be cautious <sec> travelers with flu-like symptoms coming back from mexico should stay at home .  healthy travelers coming from mexico can continue to go to work and school .  there are more than 230 confirmed cases of swine flu worldwide , according to who .  companies and schools are erring on the side of safety asking people not to com .
 sierra leone plans nationwide lockdown to stop spread of ebola <sec> sierra leone is giving itself time to train volunteers and get needed equipment .  lockdown plan calls for residents to be confined to their homes for three days .  volunteers will go door-to-door to talk to people , official says .  medical charity warns the lockdown will drive people `` underground .
 5 takeaways from rubio , cruz , paul panel - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sens . .  marco rubio , ted cruz and rand paul debated foreign policy sunday night .  they sat on stage for a panel hosted by the koch brothers .  it was the first time potential presidential candidates shared a stage at the same time this yea .
 opinion : a skeptic urges : give iran talks time <sec> rep. adam schiff : iran 's nuclear program has been a top national security concern for 10 years .  schiff : escalating sanctions were meant to force iran into a deal , and iran is at the table .  he says another round of sanctions could derail negotiations and is unnecessary .  schiff : we must seize this chance ; if it fails , there would be no doubt we tried diplomaticall .
 wendy williams wants to know : 'how you doin ' ? ' <sec> wendy williams has made the transition from radio to daytime television .  former radio personality now hosts `` the wendy williams show '' .  she says she hopes the audience gives the show a chance .  williams : `` i just want people to laugh and have a good time .
 alabama judge overturns same-sex marriage ban <sec> a district judge rules alabama 's ban on same-sex marriage is unconstitutional .  the case came from a same-sex couple seeking to legally co-parent .  the state has filed a motion to put the decision on hol .
 third day of fee protests at california universities <sec> students continue to occupy uc-santa cruz hall in protest of fee increases .  university officials say they need to raise $ 505 million to avoid further cuts .  students issue demands to administration ; official says there will be no negotiation .
 russert 's doctor : medics tried to revive nbc anchor <sec> tim russert 's doctor says he was a model patient .  doctor : russert was on heart medication and exercised .  doctor says medics used a defibrillator three times before russert got to hospita .
 chicago team advances to face south korea for little league world series title <sec> people inside , outside chicago celebrate their team 's u.s. championship .  chicago 's jackie robinson west little league team faces las vegas .  the nevada squad comes in undefeated , having crushed chicago earlier .  but chicago rallies to win ; it will face a seoul , south korea , team for the titl .
 tiger woods to be cited for suv crash outside his home <sec> new : tiger woods faces $ 164 fine , four points on his license , florida highway patrol says .  new : no criminal charges for pro golfer ; no evidence of abuse , spokeswoman says .  woods skipping golf tournament this week , blames injuries from car crash .  woods hit a fire hydrant near his home in his suv early friday , police sa .
 robotic suit helps paralyzed walk <sec> robotic suit developed in israel helps paraplegics walk again .  device gives paralyzed people alternative to using a wheelchair .  invention currently in clinical trials and could be on the market by 201 .
 ukraine : kerry threatens more sanctions against russia <sec> ukrainian government and rebel forces swap prisoners .  u.s. secretary of state says russian actions are unacceptable , warns of new sanctions .  a senior ukrainian official says at least 179 soldiers died in siege of debaltsev .
 'batman ' tv prequel : what we can expect from 'gotham ' <sec> fox has greenlit a batman prequel show .  `` gotham '' will give an origin story for commissioner gordon .  fox has indicated that iconic villains will also appea .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> dubai has created a name for itself in finance , tourism and logistics .  dubai has restructured $ 23.5 billion of dubai world 's debt .  it 's now dealing with the debt of other companie .
 how do you get to 'sesame street ' ? <sec> `` street gang '' is a new book that chronicles the history of `` sesame street '' .  show was unique when it went on air in 1969 , using tv techniques for education .  much behind-the-scenes activities , but show has stayed true to goals .  author michael davis has heard countless stories about `` street 's '' benefit .
 5 things on syria : obama overseas to developments at home <sec> obama says the `` red line '' on syria should reflect a global commitment to deter chemical weapons .  house members grill obama deputies on risk military action will escalate syrian conflict .  senate committee gives obama momentum by rewriting and approving plan for military strike .  putin says u.n. should decide , but russia plans to lobby congres .
 formula e , the sci-fi future of motorsport : <sec> the future is electric -- introducing formula e racing .  new motor racing competition features battery-powered cars .  engine sounds like something from sci-fi films tron and star wars .  cars can hit speeds of 220 kilometers per hou .
 blistering cold temperatures hit midwest <sec> major winter system hits midwest , packing heavy winds and snow .  forecasters predicting below-zero temperatures for next few days .  one man dies after sleepwalking barefoot outside in wisconsin .  man suffers frostbite after shoveling without gloves in minus 17 degree weathe .
 new clemency criteria on drug sentences to be announced <sec> the justice department will make it easier for certain prisoners to get clemency petitions .  attorney general eric holder said new criteria would be put in place soon .  he anticipates a sharp increase in the number of inmates eligible to apply .  the move aims to remedy disparity in sentences involving crack vs. powdered cocain .
 turkish clubs banned from europe <sec> three turkish clubs banned from european competition by uefa .  fourth-placed besiktas thrown out of 2012-13 europa league due to debts .  bursaspor will also miss out next season following uefa appeals hearing .  turkish reports say gaziantepspor will be banned from one future qualificatio .
 iran frees iranian-american after two and a half years <sec> retired businessman reza taghavi is released saturday , his lawyer says .  in 2008 , taghavi is arrested on suspicion of supporting an anti-regime group .  taghavi suffers from diabetes and his health deteriorated in prison , his lawyer say .
 explosion at french nuclear site kills 1 <sec> new : the blast could affect the u.s. debate about spent nuclear fuel , an expert says .  a furnace explodes at the marcoule nuclear site in southeastern france .  there is no radioactive leak , electricity company edf says .  france relies on nuclear power for about 80 % of its energ .
 china cracks down on 'doomsday cult ' <sec> police : members of a cult arrested in china for spreading 'doomsday rumors ' .  relates to mayan prophecy about the world ending on december 21 , 2012 .  banners , discs , slogans , books and printing machines were seized by polic .
 former no . 1 roddick to retire after u.s. open <sec> `` i do n't know that i want to disrespect the game by coasting home , '' roddick says .  andy roddick turned 30 years old on thursday .  he will compete in the u.s. open and then retire , an official says .  he was the last american man to win the u.s. open in 200 .
 berbatov rescues manchester united ; arsenal reach carling cup final <sec> manchester united come back from two goals down to beat blackpool 3-2 .  two goals from dimitar berbatov help united extend their lead at the top to five points .  aston villa win 2-1 at wigan thanks to goals from gabriel agbonlahor and ashley young .  arsenal beat ipswich town to claim a place in the carling cup fina .
 charter plane crash kills 3 in hawaii <sec> plane carrying county government delegation crashes on hawaii 's lanai island .  pilot and two maui county department of planning workers are killed , county says .  three injured people are taken to a hospital .  group was on return flight after attending a meeting on lana .
 identical quadruplets surprise mom expecting triplets <sec> identical quadruplets were born to a mississippi mom on february 8 .  kenleigh , kristen , kayleigh and kelsey fugate are doing well , hospital says .  the fourth baby was hidden to doctors and her parents until birt .
 ukraine favors europe over russia , new cnn poll finds <sec> even in the east , a minority backs an alliance with russia .  two-thirds of ukrainians back sanctions against russia , cnn poll finds .  ukrainians tend to see putin as dangerous and strong , and obama as friendly .  more than half of ukrainians say the country should ally with europ .
 nyu student in fair condition after being freed from narrow space <sec> new : student does n't remember how he became trapped , his mother says .  asher vongtau is hospitalized after nearly two days in a narrow space .  the nyu student was trapped between a dorm and a garage .  the fire department rescued the 19-year-old sunday evenin .
