 opinion : domestic abuse 'ordinary ' in u.s . <sec> jane stoever : the abuse janay rice suffered not extraordinary in u.s . .  it 's painfully ordinary .  1 in 3 teen girls , women suffer partner violence . .  stoever sees many grim cases in her law practice .  only since '90s have all states had protection order laws . .  abuse long tolerated , she says .  stoever : u.s. must grapple with causes : male domination , gender inequality , violence seen in hom .
 darren wilson on ferguson : sorry but conscience clear <sec> ferguson police officer darren wilson tells abc news that he is sorry about shooing .  officer who shot teen michael brown says he was simply doing his job .  wilson said brown tried to take his gun and charged at hi .
 'halo anniversary ' remake tries to stay true to original <sec> `` halo : combat evolved anniversary '' is a remake of the original for xbox 360 .  the developers went to great pains to stay true to the first `` halo 's '' formula .  the team working on `` halo 4 '' has more freedom to flex their creative muscle .
 mavericks win to tie nba finals at 2-2 <sec> dallas mavericks defeat miami heat 86-83 to win game four of the nba finals .  the result means the teams are all-square at 2-2 in the best-of-seven series .  the final is a rematch of the 2006 nba championship series that miami won in si .
 lawmakers call for more ebola screening at texas airports <sec> two lawmakers from texas want ebola screening enhanced in their homestate airports . .  the letter is written to the obama-appointed u.s. customs and border protection commissioner r. gil kerlikowske . .  the lawmakers note 15.6 million international travelers moved through the two texas airports in 2013 .
 richard martinez angrily chastises politicians , demands new gun laws <sec> father of shooting victim blames inaction in congress for his son 's death .  chris martinez , a student at ucsb , was out getting a snack when he was killed .  congress debated stricter gun laws in 2013 , but the legislation did n't pass in the senate .  father of another victim says people need to hold lawmakers accountabl .
 ronaldo steps up efforts for madeira <sec> cristiano ronaldo to play in special benefit match for victims of the madeira floods .  ronaldo will turn out for a joint nacional-maritimo team against portugal champions porto .  ronaldo was born and grew up on the portuguese holiday islan .
 nfl stars no match for bacteria <sec> several professional athletes have recently had staph infections .  experts say it is a growing problem in settings that involve skin-to-skin touching .  cdc : do n't share towels ; put something between your skin and the bench .  cleveland browns ' kellen winslow brought issue to forefron .
 william bratton returns as nyc police commissioner <sec> william bratton returns as new york 's top cop .  mayor-elect bill de blasio says he and bratton have a `` shared vision '' on keeping the city safe .  de blasio credits bratton with the largest crime reduction in city histor .
 zimbabwe opposition : mayor 's wife killed <sec> harare mayor 's wife found bludgeoned to death , opposition says .  mayoress one of five people found murdered thursday , according to mdc .  government strongly denies any involvement in latest deaths .  u.s. says president mugabe sponsors efforts to kill opposition supporter .
 the smart politics of snapchat <sec> politicians flocking to new platforms where younger voters are spending their time .  teens , twenty-somethings turn to digital sources and social platforms for news .  snapchat has 8 million users -- a far bigger audience than tv morning show .
 pele : no one can match my record <sec> pele has told cnn no one can match his achievements in football .  the brazilian won three world cups , more than any other player .  the 70-year-old is confident his homeland will be ready to host the 2014 world cu .
 navy chief defends program that screens contractors after harsh audit <sec> new : the navy chief says sequestration played no role in privatizing access control .  a federal audit says 52 convicted felons got improper access to navy installations .  it calls for ending the program by an outside company that screens contractors .  the program cited by the audit has no connection to navy yard shooter aaron alexi .
 from teller to ceo : how gail kelly conquered australia 's banks <sec> meet gail kelly , ceo of australia 's second largest bank , westpac .  mother-of-four was a bank teller before becoming boss of country 's oldest company .  westpac now has 40 % women in senior management jobs , thanks to kelly .  62nd most powerful woman in the world , according to forbe .
 man dies after 3-day internet gaming binge <sec> gamer entered the internet cafe on january 8 , was found two days later .  the man , surnamed hsieh , is believed to have suffered cardiac failure .  earlier this year , a man was found dead after playing online for five consecutive day .
 check out your future check-in <sec> airports are likely to see bigger security and commercial areas in future .  foster and partners is building a spaceport in new mexico for virgin galactic .  the middle east and far east are creating the most futuristic new airport .
 ralph lauren niece charged in alleged air-raid incident <sec> charges include engaging in threatening , abusive or disruptive behavior .  the hearing is held in a pub because there is no dedicated courthouse in the area .  delta cites `` an unruly customer '' for the diversion .  the flight was delayed more than two hour .
 opinion : wrong time to reverse course on hiv/aids <sec> it 's been a year of breakthroughs in hiv/aids research .  but sequestration and cutbacks will affect those living with the disease .  backpedaling on aids may mean we continue grappling with it for generation .
 final auction of madoffs ' personal property nets $ 500,000 <sec> auction proceeds will go toward compensating victims of bernie madoff 's ponzi scheme .  items from the madoffs ' residences in new york and florida were auctioned .  marshals service : more than $ 100 million in assets have been recovered from the madoff .
 friends grimace at prosecutors ' depiction of knox <sec> friends , family : nothing about amanda knox 's past suggests she 's a killer .  knox is serving a 26-year italian prison sentence for killing meredith kercher .  friends grimace at description prosecutors painted of knox as resentful america .
 general : budget cuts will hurt efforts to stop drug traffickers <sec> general testifies before senate committee .  he 's worried about impact of pentagon budget cuts .  navy operations will cease in some areas , he say .
 u.s. voting rights under siege <sec> writers : forty-seven years after voting rights act , some americans newly denied vote .  they say 34 states have sought voter id laws , creating barriers to 11 % of americans .  they say voting fraud nearly nonexistent ; laws are partisan effort to shut out old , poor , black .  writers : we must protect free , fair , accessible vote that defines greatness of our natio .
 football legend george blanda dead at 83 <sec> blanda spent 26 seasons in pro football .  he racked up more than 27,000 passing yards and 236 touchdown .
 fire official likens texas blast inquiry to a puzzle <sec> new : city workers from waco will come to west to allow that town 's workers to go to funerals .  officials are combing through rubble to find source of initial fire .  the types of chemicals stored at the plant are not yet known .  firefighter kenneth `` luckey '' harris jr. is laid to res .
 gay rights in france : how even the u.s. leads the way <sec> on january 13 , half a million demonstrated against gay marriage in paris .  protests took place a week before obama mentioned gay rights in inauguration speech .  french have pessimistic vision of marriage compared to americans , says philippe coste .  french only consider assisted reproduction for treating infertility , says cost .
 honduras rejects zelaya request for safe conduct to mexico <sec> honduran authorities : request does not meet legal standards .  deposed honduran president is staying at the brazilian embassy in the honduran capital .  zelaya has been at embassy since september 2 .
 under fire , india 's prime minister defends no-bid coal awards <sec> new audit report says lack of auctioning of mines may have cost government billions .  opposition lawmakers are calling for prime minister manmohan singh 's resignation .  but pm calls report `` clearly disputable , '' says `` allegations of impropriety are without basis '' .  singh 's government is already under fire for a series of corruption scandal .
 6 fantasy steampunk contraptions made from cardboard <sec> daniel agdag has spent the last years making sculptures out of cardboard .  principles of aviation , his most recent exhibition , features fantasy flying machines .  his skips the sketching process , and builds as he goe .
 why good jobs are going unfilled <sec> some jobs remain unfilled because not enough skilled workers , manufacturers say .  david frum : immigration policy has created influx of unskilled labor .  he says pool of new workers more suited to needs of last century .  frum : u.s. policy should emphasize admitting highly skilled immigrant .
 rooney escapes with one-match suspension <sec> wayne rooney escapes further punishment following dismissal at fulham .  england striker punched corner flag after being red carded by ref phil dowd .  rooney must sit out manchester united 's home game against aston vill .
 new york nanny ruled fit for trial in double slaying <sec> yoselyn ortega was charged with stabbing to death two children in her care .  slain siblings were found by their mother in the bathroom of their apartment .  prosecutors : judge said two psychiatrists found ortega can participate in her defense .  ortega was indicted on murder charges last november and has pleaded not guilt .
 fire destroys historic shrine , triggering anger in kashmir <sec> fire destroys revered 200-year-old sufi shrine in kashmir 's capital .  protesters , angry over the fire , clash with police ; 20 reported injured .  police spokesman says the relics inside the shrine were saved from the flame .
 police brace for trouble as thousands join northern ireland march <sec> thousands of police are deployed in belfast to prevent possible outbreaks of violence .  the parade marks the centenary of the signing of the pro-union ulster covenant .  up to 30,000 people are expected to take part in the march .  tensions have been high this summer between catholics and protestants in the cit .
 royal baby to boost uk tourism ? maybe not <sec> monarchists and tourist bodies propose link between royal birth and tourism .  hard stats lacking .  link `` complete fiction , '' says republican group .  visit britain cites apparent tourist boost from royal weddin .
 analysis : putin scores diplomatic win on syria <sec> obama and putin in high-stakes diplomatic wrangling over syria .  putin gets upper hand by giving obama way out of military strike for now .  syria chemical weapons issue now at un , just where russian leader wants it .  white house tries to throw the ball back to putin , saying he must delive .
 kurds give women equality . take that , isis ! ( opinion ) <sec> frida ghitis : kurdish region in syria approved new law ordering equality for women .  move shows ideological battleground between isis , which enslaves women , and kurds .  ghitis says it 's message to west on human rights and equality , to encourage west 's support .  ghitis : battle against isis helping kurdish women achieve equalit .
 indonesia maid 'was tortured with vacuum cleaner ' <sec> indonesian domestic helper testifies before a hong kong court .  erwiana sulistyaningsih told the court she was tortured by her former employer .  law wan-tung faces 21 charges , including inflicting grievous bodily harm and assault .  law pleaded not guilty to all except one charg .
 from an empress to a florist : five unsung heroines <sec> pinky lilani obe is an entrepreneur , public speaker and leading advocate for women .  we spoke to her in the lead up to international women 's day .  her unsung heroines include an empress , politician , florist , and the founder of mother 's day .
 cheney rips obama 's foreign policy <sec> former vice president dick cheney was a key architect of iraq war .  cheney sharply criticizes obama 's foreign policy before house republicans .  he says gop should emphasize strong national defense for november midterm elections .  cheney does n't weigh in on whether congressional approval is needed for action on isi .
 garth brooks reveals world tour 's first stop <sec> chicago will be his first stop .  brooks has n't toured in 13 years .  ticketmaster is providing refunds for his ireland show .
 hoodie hypocrisy ? some in house say dress code selectively enforced <sec> rep. bobby rush 's wore hoodie on the house floor .  wore hoodie while making speech highlighting trayvon martin .  speech cut short by admonition for breaching house dress cod .
 get ready to dive into 'sharknado 2 ' <sec> `` sharknado 2 '' is set to premiere in 2014 .  fans will be able to suggest a subtitle .  first `` sharknado '' set twitter on fir .
 activists warn of backlash as u.n. moves to probe sri lanka abuses <sec> the u.n. has moved to launch an international inquiry into alleged abuses in sri lanka 's civil war .  rights groups warn sri lanka is responding to scrutiny with a hard line on dissent .  some advocates say recent arrests seem intended to discourage testimony .  sri lanka has banned tamil groups operating in the west , accusing them of terroris .
 prosecution : no death penalty in georgia hot car death <sec> new : harris ' wife `` is thrilled with the district attorney 's decision , '' her lawyer says .  prosecutor : state will not seek the death penalty against justin ross harris in hot car death .  harris ' attorney previously called charges excessive , part of prosecution 's `` maze of theories '' .  harris was indicted on 8 counts in his son 's death , including felony and malice murde .
 bp , transocean argued well plans before rig blast <sec> witness saw a `` scrimmage '' between bp , transocean .  the drill crew `` reluctantly agreed '' to changes .  installation manager and rig captain are scheduled to testify thursday .  bp 's probe found trouble signs , committee say .
 soccer fans summoned to court over paris racism allegations <sec> uk 's metropolitan police summon five people to answer allegations of racism .  the group , believed to be chelsea fans , abused a black man on paris metro .  video of the incident showed a black man being prevented from boarding a train .  chelsea has suspended five fans and will issue life bans if they are found guilt .
 lady gaga : i carry a photo printer in my purse <sec> new line includes camera in a pair of sunglasses .  new printer will connect to phones via bluetooth .  gaga is polaroid 's creative directo .
 'hurting ' family , close friends of whitney houston to attend saturday funeral <sec> new : a police spokesman says the coroner 's report could be done in 2 to 3 weeks .  marvin winans , a gospel singer and detroit pastor , will give the eulogy , a pastor says .  the invitatiton-only service will be held at the late singer 's childhood church in newark .  its pastor says that the singer 's `` voice is silenced , but she left us with so much .
 opinion : u.s. embassy learns a hard lesson about twitter <sec> bassem youssef , the `` jon stewart of egypt , '' was arrested for mocking egypt 's president .  cynthia schneider : in the world of 24/7 social media , old and new diplomacy clashed .  she says u.s. embassy should not have closed its twitter feed after a rebuke from egypt .  schneider : the u.s. must defend free speech , including its actions on the interne .
 bare it all on the german riviera <sec> the island of sylt is five hours from berlin by train .  sylt is known for its nude beaches .  the island 's dining scene attracts a number of german celebritie .
 3 men escape from canadian jail in helicopter <sec> police say helicopter took off with three prisoners in quebec city .  the men escaped from the detention center saturday night .  authorities are trying to get details on what happened .  it 's the second brazen jail escape in canada in a little over a yea .
 sarah palin 's husband , aides found in contempt <sec> todd palin , nine aides found in contempt by alaska senate for failing to appear .  the 10 wo n't be punished because they submitted statements , newspaper says .  legislature 's `` troopergate '' investigation concerns firing of public safety chie .
 u.s. : fate of lockerbie bomber up to libyan rebel movement <sec> rebel movement should `` take a hard look '' at lockerbie bomber , state department says .  release of al megrahi will be up to elected libyan government , rebels say .  scottish authorities hit back at critics of the release .  cnn tracks abdelbeset al megrahi to his tripoli vill .
 chinese villager builds floating pods to survive disasters <sec> a chinese villager has built six 'survival pods ' .  the pods are built to withstand tsunamis or earthquakes .  the pods were partly inspired by the disaster movie '2012 ' and the 2004 asian tsunami .  it cost almost $ 320,000 to build the six pod .
 mars can wait . oceans ca n't <sec> many voices have suggested u.s. should reinvigorate its space program .  amitai etzioni says there are more pressing priorities on earth than in space .  manned missions are much less cost effective than robotic exploration , he says .  etzioni : exploring the ocean , much of which is uncharted , is an urgent priorit .
 husband 's porn purchases threatens minister 's job <sec> british cabinet minister jacqui smith 's political future is in doubt .  home minister 's husband , richard timney , has apologized over porn purchases .  smith has promised to repay money spent on porn video .
 officer pleads not guilty in alabama assault case <sec> eric parker was released last week after posting $ 1,000 bail .  he is accused of assaulting sureshbhai patel while on duty and answering a suspicious person report .  patel was taken to the ground and needed spinal surger .
 is this lindsay lohan 's last shot ? <sec> lindsay lohan has new projects coming up , but critics savage new movie .  a celebrity expert questions whether she can pull off diverse characters .  her `` canyons '' director wrote that she is more talented than marilyn monro .
 police investigate disappearance of former nba player lorenzen wright <sec> lorenzen wright played 13 seasons in the nba .  he was last seen july 18 , in collierville , tennesse .  police say there is no `` red flag '' in the case but `` there is a high level of concern .
 peace , high turnout reported at iraq polls <sec> 51 percent turnout a sharp contrast to 2005 election , when only 2 percent voted .  election commission chief : most important election since saddam hussein fell .  the election was seen as a referendum on the popularity of iraqi p .
 security ramped up at airports in u.s. , uk , amsterdam <sec> new : passengers report being confined to seats on aircraft , more patdowns before boarding .  `` we ask that passengers follow the instructions of international security and flight crews , '' tsa says .  an official with the tsa told cnn that screening likely will take longer .  no changes in screening requirements , and no change in the number of carry-on bags allowe .
 bermuda to host 35th staging of america 's cup <sec> bermuda chosen to host 2017 america 's cup .  san francisco staged last competition in 2013 .  america 's cup is sailing 's oldest event with 163-year history .  team oracle usa will defend the cu .
 start your dragons : a look at some unusual races <sec> offbeat races can be found across the country at various times of the year .  nation 's oldest kinetic sculpture race starts friday in california .  souped-up lawnmowers race in indiana .  women sprint with pancakes in competition pitting kansas , england town .
 harvard student charged in bomb hoax out on $ 100,000 bail <sec> a harvard sophomore is accused of sending phony e-mail threats to avoid final exam .  eldo kim , 20 , allegedly e-mailed the threats before his exam was to begin .  judge ordered him to stay away from campus except one trip to retrieve belongings .  he appeared in court wearing t-shirt and sweatpant .
