 55 years of statehood : hawaii 's best sites <sec> hawaii officially became a u.s. state 55 years ago .  to mark the occasion , ireporters offer beautiful photos from hawai .
 superbug cases reported in north carolina ; 1 dead <sec> eighteen people have contracted cre so far this year at a hospital in charlotte , north carolina .  cre is highly resistant to many forms of antibiotic treatments , the cdc say .
 exodus of libyans to tunisia resumes <sec> u.n. agency : more than 8,000 libyans fled into southern tunisia last weekend .  most are women and children from berber tribes , long persecuted by the regime .  a sandstorm destroyed tents and warehouses , making aid efforts more difficult .  opposition forces continue to hold checkpoint ; skirmishes have spilled into tunisi .
 top al qaeda leader arrested in pakistan <sec> new : the white house and the national security council hail the arrest .  u.s. official : al qaeda arrest a major blow to the terrorist group 's activities .  al qaeda 's younis al-mauretani is seized in the suburbs of quetta , pakistan .  he took orders from osama bin laden personally , the pakistanis sa .
 sheriff : california couple schemed to kill mother , steal her baby <sec> new : a california sheriff says a couple schemed to kill a mother and steal her baby .  merced county 's sheriff said the victim was strangled to death , dumped , burned .  police say they 're working to determine whether the couple tried to sell a baby .  the victim 's 2-month-old son was found alive and reunited with his famil .
 french tv network tv5monde recovering from cyberattack <sec> network regains control of facebook page and one of its 11 channels .  isis logos displayed but no claim of responsibility made by any group .  network reaches 260 million homes worldwid .
 how hillsborough triggered football revolution <sec> english football has been transformed in 20 years since hillsborough tragedy .  disaster created impetus for all-seater grounds , improvements in infrastructure .  top clubs also benefited from creation of premier league and sale of tv rights .  the english premier league is now the world 's most watched sporting leagu .
 jackson doctor will face trial on involuntary manslaughter charge <sec> defense attorneys comment on hearing .  judge bars dr. conrad murray from using his california medical license .  a prosecution expert witness testifies he made a math mistake .  the expert says murray is still responsible for leaving drugs around an addic .
 replacing kenya 's 'flying toilets ' <sec> the slums of nairobi lack efficient and clean sanitation systems .  a new start-up aims to improve these conditions by installing a series of custom built toilets .  those behind the company believe it could be a multi-million dollar enterprize one da .
 'unapproved ' morphine to stay on market , fda rules <sec> fda decides to extend the usage of morphine sulfate oral solution 20 mg/ml .  hospital , hospice groups had said pulling drug would cause hardship .  fda said until alternatives are developed , easing of pain must remain a priority .  fda estimates several thousand drugs marketed without approva .
 opinion : risks for older dads , but oh the rewards <sec> phil lerman : new study says kids from older dads more likely to have mental difficulties .  lerman 's an older dad and has his challenges , such as being mistaken for son 's grandfather .  despite the risks and challenges , lerman says he could n't imagine not having his son .  lerman : older dads benefit kids with mental challenges ; they are lucky to have each othe .
 mandela 'responding better to treatment , ' south african president says <sec> new : children leave hand- drawn `` get well '' cards outside mandela 's johannesburg home .  relatives visit nelson mandela in the hospital , say they appreciate public support .  south african president jacob zuma signals optimism about mandela 's condition .  mandela , 94 , went to hospital saturday with recurring lung infectio .
 just back from : newfoundland <sec> newfoundland is a large island off canada 's atlantic coast .  it is part of newfoundland and labrador , canada 's easternmost province .  friendly people , local music and rugged scenery impressed ireporter margaret zuber .
 sources : iran-contra operative linked to questionable spy program <sec> program used contractors to gather publicly available info in pakistan and afghanistan .  pentagon investigating whether contractors also hired local operatives to spy .  former officials tell cnn ex-cia agent duane clarridge has worked on the program .  clarridge was involved in iran-contra scandal , was pardoned by first president bus .
 in kuwait , another day of protests staged by noncitizens <sec> protests are led by longtime residents who are n't citizens .  security forces used tear gas on protesters .  the persian gulf country is a u.s. all .
 angelina jolie and brad pitt : why marry now ? ( opinion ) <sec> peggy drexler : angelina and brad seemed to be doing just fine without tying knot .  drexler says marriage in u.s. is at a record low , but it still offers substantial benefits .  drexler : couples who make intentional choice , or live together first , more likely to las .
 outrage as ex-coach gets 2 years for molesting former nhl players <sec> former canadian junior hockey coach graham james sentenced to 2 years for sex abuse .  sentence was for sexually abusing two men when they were aspiring teen hockey players .  now-retired nhl star theo fleury and his cousin todd holt , were victims .  sentence is `` nothing short of a national travesty , '' says hol .
 defense chief : u.s. rethinking afghanistan timetable <sec> ashton carter : obama considering `` possible changes '' to u.s. troop drawdown timeline .  carter will visit u.s. troops and afghan officials during his two-day stay in afghanista .
 the stratospheric rise of nasa 's instagram <sec> nasa arrived on instagram on 6 september and has already gained over 350,000 followers .  photos from the account have gone viral , including one of a frog flying through the air .  take a look at the incredible images shared by the space agency so fa .
 and the most satisfying airline is ... <sec> jetblue tops airline satisfaction study for ninth consecutive year .  passengers who use in-flight wi-fi report more satisfaction with their airline .  an employee smile or two ( or more ) makes passengers even happier .  fliers still dislike bag fees but not as much as they did last yea .
 tila tequila denies being drunk during merriman incident <sec> tila `` tequila '' nguyen says nfl 's shawne merriman choked her .  san diego chargers player says she was intoxicated .  `` i 'm allergic to alcohol . .  ... .  i ca n't drink , '' nguyen says on twitter .  merriman says he looks forward to clearing his nam .
 girlfriend gets 8 years for hiding 'whitey ' bulger <sec> new : catherine greig has no regrets for hiding the `` love of her life , '' her lawyer says .  new : greig `` has no heart . .  she probably sleeps in an ice chest , '' one victim says .  greig was james `` whitey '' bulger 's `` partner '' in avoiding capture , prosecutors say .  bulger and grieg were captured at their santa monica , california , apartment a year ag .
 why lincoln still matters <sec> ronald c. white jr. is author of new lincoln biography , `` a. lincoln '' .  lincoln `` embodies the best of america , '' white says .  historian sees some comparisons with president obama : demeanor , writing ability .  lincoln 's character , moral vision still pertinent , white say .
 ukraine crisis : russia stands firm despite rebukes , sanctions threats <sec> the united states suspends bilateral trade talks with russia .  ukraine envoy : russian has sent 16,000 troops into crimea .  russia says yanukovych asked them to send troops .  former ukraine pm asks `` all the world '' for help in stopping ukraine from losing crime .
 justices seem to side with police in deadly chase case <sec> case involves motorist who led police on chase following minor traffic stop .  police opened fire on car after chase , two inside were killed .  supreme court sided with police in similar case in 2007 .  officers sued in this matter lost a federal appeals decisio .
 cvs to pay more than $ 17 million over claims of overcharging medicaid <sec> pharmacy chain accused of inflating prescription claims in 10 states .  case was brought by a whistleblower pharmacist , who will get more than $ 2.5 million .  states will receive a total of $ 9.5 million ; federal government to get nearly $ 8 million .  justice department says cvs has agreed to monitoring as it corrects its billing procedure .
 amal clooney barbara walters ' most fascinating of 2014 <sec> clooney topped the annual list .  not much is known about her .  taylor swift and michael strahan also made the lis .
 michael brown death : autopsy wo n't offer clarity <sec> investigators tell mother michael brown did not suffer , attorney says .  all the bullet wounds were to the front of brown 's body .  `` people believe it plays into whatever theory they have , '' stelter says .  accounts of what happened vary widel .
 germany asks justin bieber to pay costs of caring for his monkey <sec> german authorities ask justin bieber to pay nearly $ 8,000 for the care of his monkey .  the monkey was seized in march after bieber brought it on tour without the right paperwork .  german customs officials have made the bill public after failing to reach bieber .  bieber could be denied entry if he does n't pay before he next comes to germany -- officia .
 amanda bynes arrested on dui charge <sec> police said the actress was arrested on sunday morning .  her attorney did not immediately respond for comment .  bynes has been silent on twitter since ma .
 gunmen abduct yemeni president 's chief of staff <sec> houthi rebels say abduction sends a message to yemeni president .  president seeks a new constitution without the approval of the houthis , rebels say .  `` this is force for political gain , a ridiculous show of muscle flexing , '' yemen official say .
 how to hold bad prosecutors accountable <sec> michael morton spent nearly 25 years in prison for a murder he did n't commit .  innocence project 's barry scheck : case reveals valuable tool against bad prosecutors .  courts can order prosecutors to turn over key evidence or face contempt charges .  prosecutors who break the rules are few , but they often repeat themselves , scheck say .
 paul williams , pioneer of rock criticism , dead at 64 <sec> williams ' crawdaddy magazine was one of the first to take rock 'n ' roll seriously .  he started the magazine when he was a 17-year-old college student in 1966 .  after leaving the magazine , he wrote three books about bob dyla .
 opinion : how boehner and obama can get to 'yes ' <sec> robert mnookin : boehner , obama in dangerous game of chicken over debt celing . .  to end it , obama should negotiate , but not sacrifice his most important interests , he says .  he says a deal must save face . .  how ? .  congress must pass `` clean '' budget and debt bills .  mnookin : at same time both should announce commission to take on entitlement refor .
 need a garden zombie ? skymall has it <sec> skymall has been entertaining air passengers since its debut in 1990 .  founder bob worsley wanted to create a catalog of catalogs .  skymall 's merchandising team receives hundreds of inquiries every week from vendors .  the best-selling items in catalog history were nose hair trimmer , mosquito tra .
 make a new kind of new year 's resolution <sec> losing weight , although a popular resolution , is n't the only path to well-being in 2014 .  make a new year 's resolution to go outside daily or try one new thing every week .  instead of subtracting things from your diet , add healthy options to every mea .
 boy scouts reconsidering policy against gay membership <sec> father of gay scout denied eagle rank says bsa move `` step in the right direction '' .  decision on whether to pass issue to local level could come in february .  currently , boy scout national policy does not allow gay members or leaders .  anti-gay policy sparked protest , prompting many eagle scouts to renounce their award .
 saudi arabia urged to permit peaceful protests <sec> amnesty international decries `` outrageous restriction '' of peaceful protests .  protesters were detained last week .  `` prolonged detention '' without trial denounce .
 frankel retains unbeaten record in dramatic fashion at ascot <sec> british thoroughbred wins champion stakes at ascot to maintain unbeaten record .  horse trained by henry cecil now expected to be retired after 14 wins from 14 starts .  `` he 's been a champion at two , three and four . .  he 's the master of his profession , '' his racing manager said .  frankel will now be retired to stud where he has been valued at â£100 millio .
 lebanese army says suspects were planning foreign attacks <sec> most of the suspects were not lebanese , according to statement from the army .  statement does n't identify the terror network it claims the suspects belong to .  military probe : some had used private-sector jobs as cover for operations .  plots to aid `` radical elements , '' target unifil troops and commit robbery allege .
 2 more bodies recovered from costa concordia <sec> new : a class-action suit will be filed against the cruise line and its parent company , group says .  the discoveries announced monday raise the number of confirmed victims to 15 .  salvage workers will start to remove fuel from the costa concordia .  the head of the operation says no fuel has leaked from the ship ye .
 princess diana 's letters reveal personal details <sec> newly auctioned letters offer fresh insight into princess diana 's life .  most of letters for sale were correspondence with her beautician .  auctioneers say some letters could fetch up to £1,50 .
 shakira enters arizona immigration fight <sec> shakira says she would be arrested if arizona 's immigration law was in effect today .  grammy winner says public officials , police concerned about implementation of law .  new law requires immigrants to carry alien registration documents at all time .
 congressional fight over obamacare turns to website woes <sec> republicans point out problems with healthcare.gov .  some want hhs secretary to step down over rollout .  white house says technical problems are being fixed .  it says real story is all americans can get insuranc .
 did facebook kill love letters ? <sec> mark bauerlein : in the old days , love was n't social , it was private between couples .  bauerlein : today , social media services want all human experiences to be social .  psychologists have found that social media does n't actually cure loneliness .  he says that genuine love is anti-socia .
 wingsuit flier victor kovats dies after cliff crash horror <sec> victor kovats found with a smashed skull at the foot of a 100-meter ( 328-foot ) cliff in china .  it 's thought his parachute failed to deploy after a wingsuit flight , though an investigation is underway .  kovats was to compete in the second world wingsuit championships .  wingsuit flying sees participants glide through the air wearing a specially constructed sui .
 google self-driving car has no steering wheel or brake <sec> google has unveiled its first prototype of a self-driving car .  the cars can detect objects up to 200 yards away in all directions .  their speed for now has been capped at 25 mph .  the company plans to build about 100 prototypes and test them this summe .
 reid 's romney smears an insult to voters <sec> david rothkopf : harry reid made attacks on romney that riled anti-romney base and romney , too .  in modern politics , both sides smear , call it fair play ; he backs obama , deplores these tactics .  he says u.s. facing huge challenges , opportunities ; both candidates should debate these .  rothkopf : voters must recognize smears as disrespectful to them , demand better , vote their ange .
 robert de niro : at 70th birthday , he remains a man of many facets <sec> famed , much-lauded actor robert de niro turns 70 on saturday .  de niro 's career began with him disappearing into roles .  more recent films have found him falling back on image , but still taking chances .  de niro is n't retiring soon ; he has seven movies out this year alon .
 downtown disney to make way for disney springs <sec> downtown disney will become disney springs over the next three years .  the number of establishments will more than double .  the four `` neighborhoods ' will be connected by a spring and lakefron .
 nigeria 's government defends its actions as more girls are abducted <sec> the father of two missing girls says there has been no sign of nigerian military .  `` we have never seen any military man there , '' the father says .  nigeria 's president is not `` taking this as easy as people all over the world think '' .  nigerian village residents say armed men took eight more girls late sunda .
 merle haggard on his kennedy center honor , meeting obama and more <sec> merle haggard says highlight was meeting the presidents , especially bill clinton .  `` ( obama 's ) very humble about being the president of the united states , '' says haggard .  haggard : `` i do n't think she 'd ( oprah ) ever been a recipient of much in her life .
 mistaken for your child 's grandmother <sec> tananarive due , 45 , has been asked if her 7-year-old son is her grandson .  many women are having children at a later age .  meanwhile , more children are being raised by grandparent .
 villa double strike gives valencia victory <sec> david villa goes joint top of the spanish scoring charts with two goals against villarreal .  the double helps valencia defeat their 10-man opponents 4-1 to close gap on second-placed real madrid .  real mallorca moved up to fourth , recording a ninth successive home win with a 2-0 victory over deportivo la corun .
 15 of the world 's best hotel bars <sec> the clift 's swank redwood room offers a fantastic classic martini .  from the furniture to the cocktail glasses , everything in icebar is made of ice .  bascule bar boasts the largest whisky selection in the southern hemispher .
 obama plans trip to denmark to seek olympics <sec> chicago , madrid , tokyo , rio de janeiro are finalists to host 2016 summer olympics .  international olympic committee will vote friday on location .  obama trip to denmark marks first time a u.s. president has attended ioc vote .  on one-day trip , obama will also meet with denmark 's queen , prime ministe .
 memphis finally to name street after king <sec> a 1-mile stretch of linden avenue will be named after the civil rights leader .  ceremony will take place on the 44th anniversary of king 's death .  it was on this street that king led a march in support of striking sanitation workers .  `` we wanted something that had a real nexus to this city , '' says mayor a.c. wharto .
 head-banging parrot proves birds can dance <sec> scientists : dancing parrots prove ability to recognize music not unique to humans .  youtube hit snowball the cockatoo dances to back street boys , queen .  ability to keep time apparently linked to vocal mimicry , scientists believe .  other animals capable of mimicry include dolphins , elephants , seals , walruse .
 turkish attack a reminder of cold war dynamics <sec> friday 's bombing in ankara harkens back to cold war political violence .  turkish authorities blame the u.s. embassy attack on dhkp-c .  marxist-leninist dhkp-c has been active for more than 30 year .
 prince william to start royal navy attachment <sec> britain 's prince william begins two-month attachment with royal navy on monday .  william has completed attachment with the royal air force .  the future king is a second lieutenant in the british army .  experience will prepare him for when he becomes head of armed forces as kin .
 senate passes lgbt anti-discrimination bill - cnnpolitics.com <sec> bill would protect gay , lesbian and transgender employees from workplace discrimination .  it 's the first time the senate has passed lgbt worker protections .  house opposition strong , so chances of it becoming law are slim .  ten republicans vote for the bill in the senat .
 hundreds of previously unknown picassos found in france <sec> a 71-year-old retired electrician sought to have 271 unknown works authenticated .  the picasso family is suing the man , alleging that the works are stolen .  the lawsuit , filed in september , was reported by a french newspaper monda .
 china 's mental health care system is lacking <sec> there are 1.5 therapists for each 100,000 mental illness sufferers .  unqualified therapists prey on the weak , worsening their condition .  human rights watch says mental hospitals are filled with political prisoner .
 amnesty : middle east protesters not looking for 'cosmetic changes ' <sec> report : protests will rage on unless demands are met .  it highlights the success of tunisia , egypt and libya .  the report underscores need for democracy in those nations .  protesters want accountability and change , amnesty say .
