 a final of opposites : lisicki and bartoli face match of their lives <sec> sabine lisicki and marion bartoli contest women 's final at wimbledon .  both searching for first grand slam title .  bartoli beaten by venus williams in the 2007 final .  lisicki put out defending champion serena williams in fourth roun .
 new york city 's largest hotel ending room service <sec> the new york hilton midtown cuts room delivery .  in place of room service the hotel is trying out a cafeteria-style restaurant .  ending room service and switching to alternatives is a growing tren .
 justices grant georgia inmate 's request to delay execution <sec> supreme court 's latest ruling means troy davis will continue to sit on death row .  davis was convicted in 1991 of murdering a savannah , georgia , police officer .  since his conviction , 7 of 9 witnesses against him have recanted their testimony .  justices antonin scalia and clarence thomas objected to the court 's decisio .
 iraq , syria pull ambassadors as bombing suspects sought <sec> iraqi pm says `` we know '' bombings were done by al qaeda and baath party .  syria recalls its ambassador to iraq , state news agency says .  iraq recalls ambassador to syria amid furor over bombings , which killed 100 .  iraq demands syria turn over 2 iraqis living in syria , who are suspects in the attack .
 new york police sued over residential building patrols <sec> nyclu files lawsuit against nyc and nypd officers over apartment patrol tactics .  nyclu says patrols unfairly target low-income communities and minorities .  nypd official says program provides increased safety for buildings ' resident .
 opinion : veterans are not just heroes or victims <sec> eric liu : the two dominant images of veterans in everyday culture are hero or victim .  liu : veterans want to be known for being great citizens back home .  he says we should hire , connect , mentor , empower and invest more in veterans .  liu : let 's also consider mandating national service , whether military or civilia .
 top 10 sporting moments of 2013 <sec> lance armstrong 's confession tops the year 's sporting moments .  team usa oracle in comeback of the year .  treble winning bayern munich ranked as best team of 2013 .  andy murray ended britain 's 77-year wait for a men 's singles wimbledon champio .
 opinion : do teachers favor attractive kids ? <sec> pepper schwartz : study finds edge given attractive people can start in school with teachers .  language , attitudes expressed by peers , adults shape kids ' self-worth for lifetime , she says .  we 're sensitive to race , class , disabilities ; how about effect of beauty standards , she asks ? .  schwartz : teachers , be aware of your power in contributing to beauty discriminatio .
 france : strike disruption less than expected <sec> new : french unions say 2.5 million protested government handling of economy .  new : government puts figure at about 1 million .  hospital and postal workers , air traffic controllers among those striking .  in paris , most metro subway lines operating ; buses , trains operating normall .
 palestinian president fires aide amid sex scandal <sec> rafiq husseini accused of using power of his office to extract sex from female job seeker .  report clears husseini of corruption and sexual misconduct charges .  but hussein fired at recommendation of committee created to look into allegations .  controversy began after israel 's channel 10 aired grainy surveillance footage of hussein .
 opinion : obama 's foreign policy in a tailspin <sec> frida ghitis : the u.s. looks weak and confused on the global stage .  ghitis : the ways in which foreign policy has gone badly for obama makes for a long list .  she says relations with russia have fallen off a cliff ; leaders in egypt do n't trust us .  ghitis : obama should spend some time thinking about what america really stands fo .
 state laws supersede pentagon on gay marriages at u.s. bases <sec> gay marriages ca n't occur on military bases in states that have outlawed the practice .  `` state law controls in that situation , '' secretary of defense leon panetta says .  republicans on house panel vote for provision outlawing gay marriage on all u.s. bases .  panetta notes report showing repeal of dadt has n't adversely affected the militar .
 suspect in peru woman 's slaying arrested in chile , police say <sec> extradition to peru arranged , say chilean interior minister , interpol .  joran van der sloot entered chile on wednesday , chile says .  woman 's body found wednesday in his hotel room , police say .  van der sloot previously a suspect in alabama teen 's disappearanc .
 newsquiz : week of march 25 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 democrats pull tv ads in kentucky senate race - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the dscc has gone dark in kentucky 's senate race .  the move means alison lundergan grimes is largely on her own against gop sen. mitch mcconnell .  democrats are focusing their resources on endangered incumbent .
 20 questions : what is russia 's interest in ukraine ? <sec> west threatens consequences as russia approves military action in ukraine .  ukraine has been rattled by anti-government protests since november .  the trigger then was the president 's decision not to sign a trade pact with the eu .  ukraine is split : some want to align more with the west , others favor russi .
 pakistan works to tame taliban and nationalist sympathies <sec> balochistan province is home to nationalist sentiments and taliban violence .  the army is recruiting baloch residents to join its fighting force .  improved living conditions are part of the military 's plan to win suppor .
 commodore 64 still loved after all these years <sec> commodore 64 loved by many kids coming of age in the 1980s .  popularity continues today on web sites , in music and people 's memories .  nostalgia seekers can download their favorite c64 games on sites like c64.com .  c64 orchestra plays the music from the games , cd release in u.s. in januar .
 colorado officials : wildfire torches 140 structures , 4 people missing <sec> new : 140 structures destroyed , 24 damaged .  new : rain , cooler temperatures assist firefighters .  20 were initially reported missing , but 16 people were located .  gov . .  bill ritter has declared a state of emergenc .
 tibet protesters claim death toll now 140 <sec> tibet exile government claims death toll from unrest now 140 .  chinese authorities say toll much lower , says victims are `` innocent '' chinese .  chinese restrictions mean it is difficult to confirm the figure .
 putin criticizes euro 2012 boycott calls <sec> russian prime minister vladimir putin criticizes political boycott of euros .  says sport and politics should n't be mixed .  eu leaders boycotting event over jailing of former ukrainian pm .  supporters say charges politically motivated by current presiden .
 facebook working with glaad to stop anti-gay bullying <sec> glaad teams up with facebook to reduce hate speech on internet .  after recent tragic events , celebs and organizations have taken to web to fight bullying .  mtv networks even rolled out an iphone app to help combat bullyin .
 3 arab nations recall ambassadors to syria <sec> new : u.s. state department spokesman : syrian president `` has fewer and fewer friends '' .  bahrain recalls its ambassador to syria for consultations amid mounting violence .  kuwait and saudi arabia are also recalling their ambassadors for discussions .  saudi arabia 's king says there is `` no justification for the bloodshed '' in syri .
 opinion : after chernobyl , they refused to leave <sec> holly morris:1986 chernobyl nuclear accident world '' worst . .  area still highly contaminated .  she says thousands relocated rural chernobyl to city , but 1,200 defiantly came back to live .  most are babushka 's , unwilling to be displaced from even an irradiated homeland .  morris : they tend to outlive those who left . .  why ? .  personal agency ? .  the tonic of home .
 black bag and blackberry in hand , this doc makes house calls <sec> in 1930s , 40 percent of physician encounters were house calls ; 1 percent by 1980 .  financial disincentives and patient preference for clinics contributed to decline .  10 years ago , medicare made it easier for physicians to get paid for house calls .  bill before congress would make house calls less expensive , easier to arrang .
 hirscher the hero for home crowd in austria after taking slalom gold <sec> marcel hirscher won the men 's slalom at the world championships sunday .  hirscher is the only austrian to win individual gold at schladming over the past fortnight .  germany 's felix neureuther took silver with austria 's mario matt claiming bronze .  u.s. star ted ligety fails in his bid to win four gold medals following disappointing ru .
 dancing to the music of love in buenos aires <sec> buenos aires is the birthplace of tango , and the city still buzzes with its music and culture .  local tango expert provides her travel tips for dance lovers traveling to the argentinean capital .  traditional `` milongas '' and elaborately choreographed shows among highlight .
 u.s. : ship sinking provocative but not terrorism <sec> north korea wo n't make terror list for alleged sinking of south korean naval ship .  south korean nuclear envoy to be in washington tuesday .  g8 leaders expressed concerns over north korea 's nuclear ambition .
 leave autism out of mass shootings <sec> alex plank : after newtown shooting , some people say autism is linked to violence .  plank : these speculations are needless , untrue and hurtful .  he says people with autism are ethical but have trouble reading social signals .  plank : we do n't need more senseless finger-pointing at an entire communit .
 fabregas on target as barca defeat porto <sec> barcelona defeat porto 2-0 to claim victory in the super cup in monaco .  cesc fabregas scores his first goal for barca since joining from arsenal .  lional messi celebrates uefa award by opening the scoring in the first hal .
 casting net : jennifer lawrence , mickey rourke , kevin costner and more <sec> jennifer lawrence is attached to play one half of an unusual union in `` ends of the earth '' .  patrick st. esprit will join `` the hunger games : catching fire '' as romulus thread .  mickey rourke is negotiating to star opposite gerard butler in `` motor city .
 state media : heavy snow in china kills 21 <sec> the snow began to fall monday on northern and central chinese provinces .  xinhua : more than 9,000 buildings have collapsed since monday .  xinhua : civil affairs ministry says 159,000 people evacuated from homes , vehicle .
 sandra bullock 's 'heat ' supports boston cops , fbi <sec> `` the heat , '' which hits theaters june 28 , was filmed in boston with fbi , police help .  bullock plays an fbi agent working with a boston cop , played by melissa mccarthy .  `` the movie is such a love letter to boston , '' director paul feig says .  `` it 's a remarkable place , an amazing city , '' mccarthy say .
 tailing james bond : 007 destinations <sec> no film series has provided more travel inspiration than james bond .  his cinematic stops have included the bahamas , paris and swiss mountains .  `` we are always looking to offer the audience the 'wow ' experience , '' producers said .
 will others follow arizona 's lead on immigration ? <sec> arizona bill requires police to question people if there 's reason to suspect they 're in u.s. illegally .  governor has not yet signed bill .  attorney says lawmakers from 4 states have asked how to follow arizona 's lead .  `` arizona 's approach is the wrong one , '' aclu attorney say .
 schools : nyc principal did not report allegations against teacher <sec> new york schools says principal failed to act on student concerns .  they allegedly told principal about inappropriate behavior by teacher .  that teacher faces sexual assault charges .  principal could face dismissa .
 iraq veteran amputee dies after roller-coaster fall <sec> army sergeant was riding without prosthetic legs .  sister says it `` had to have been the best time in the last 3 1/2 years .
 girls at risk : starting a revolution for teenage mothers <sec> ''girls at risk '' project allows young african girls to deal with their issues such as teenage pregnancy .  seri wendoh was able to gain an understanding of the risks young girls face .  wendoh hopes to use international women 's day to better connect young girls and get their voices hear .
 more than 43 million worldwide forced from homes , u.n. says <sec> the united nations says record number of people have fled their homes .  the u.n. releases its report to coincide with world refugee day .  afghans account for a third of the world 's refugees , the report says .  report : four-fifths of the world 's refugees live in the world 's poorest countrie .
 london bomb scare : a chronology of attacks <sec> two cars loaded with gasoline and nails found abandoned in london friday .  52 people killed on july 7 , 2005 after bombs exploded on london bus , trains .  british capital wracked by violence by the ira for year .
 lebron james : cleveland has 'edge ' to keep me <sec> lebron james : `` i 've got a lot of memories here . .  and so [ cleveland ] does have an edge '' .  james eligible to opt out of his contract with the cavaliers this summer .  two-time nba mvp headlines list of likely 2010 free agents .  james says he wants to be with a team that can win more than one championshi .
 what would the tea party cut ? <sec> lawmakers consider what to keep , kill or cut back on as they try to trim a $ 14 trillion debt .  gop plan would radically overhaul medicare and medicaid while lowering top tax rates .  president obama wants to end bush-era tax cuts , strengthen medicare and medicaid .  tea party express spokesman wants to cut waste , overlap and excess in government program .
 attorney : murder suspect to seek change of venue <sec> elisa baker accused of murder , obstruction in stepdaughter 's death .  north carolinian nearly collapses at hearing , cnn affiliate reports .  defense attorney said he plans to file for change of venu .
 focus on the family 's james dobson steps down <sec> new : `` he 's still a rock star among conservative religious activists , '' scholar says .  new : dobson has spoken out against abortion rights , gay marriage , harry potter .  dobson , 72 , tells employees he wo n't be involved with ministry 's administration .  dobson still expected to remain in public role , be conservative advocat .
 duke and michigan state win , head to final four <sec> the final four matchups : duke vs. michigan state and kentucky vs. wisconsin .  duke beat gonzaga on sunday and michigan state defeated louisville in overtim .
 former nba player wanted in killing <sec> crittenton is accused of murdering a 22-year-old woman .  the fbi says the former nba player has fled to avoid prosecution .  he is believed to be in los angele .
 nobel winner in 'racist ' claim row <sec> museum cancels lecture by dna scientists james watson .  nobel winner said in interview that black people less intelligent than whites .  comments denounced as racis .
 team lotus stand by trulli and kovalainen for 2011 <sec> jarno trulli and heikki kovalainen confirmed in lotus team for 2011 f1 season .  venezuelan pastor maldonado lands drive with williams .  leading line-ups of red bull , ferrari and mclaren unchanged in provisional lis .
 who should be on 'dancing with the stars ' next ? <sec> it seems like it is time for seacrest to think about switching to `` dwts '' .  ferguson said she wants to do the show because her kids love to watch her dance .  mr. t had a fling as a rapper , and now it is time for him to reach triple threat territor .
 cosmetic infidelity : a new way to cheat <sec> cosmetic surgery has become a new form of infidelity , plastic surgeon says .  dr. anthony youn says a third of patients in his office do n't tell their partners about treatment .  many patients hide how much they 're spending , youn also say .
 south korean president apologizes for scandal over spokesman in u.s . <sec> president park geun-hye says she is sorry about an `` unsavory incident '' involving an aide .  the spokesman was fired last week amid allegations of sexual misconduct .  he denies that he molested a female student in washington .  the scandal has overshadowed park 's first official visit to the united state .
 a win on kilimanjaro : how africa 's highest peak conquered tourism <sec> kilimanjaro , africa 's highest mountain , was once plagued by ecological problems , a result of tourism .  initiatives have returned the mountain close to its former pristine state .  local knowledge , such as when to climb , can help you avoid crowd .
 western leaders consider arming libyan rebels <sec> british and american leaders are openly considering arming the libyan rebels .  the rebels have suffered military setbacks this week .  the rebels would likely need training to use advanced weaponry .  an al qaeda and hezbollah presence among the rebels is a concer .
 champions spain start 2014 world cup quest with narrow win <sec> spain win 1-0 in georgia thanks to 86th minute strike from roberto soldado .  england are held 1-1 at wembley by ukraine as captain steven gerrard is sent off .  france , portugal and italy make hard work of beating belarus , azerbaijan and malt .
 glen campbell talks about grammys , living with alzheimer 's <sec> glen campbell and his wife kim talked to cnn about his diagnosis .  the country singer says he is content with his life .  campbell will be honored sunday night on the grammy .
 dollar weakens , gulf inflation rises <sec> inflation rises across region with highest levels in qatar and the u.a.e . .  strong growth , rising rents and weakening dollar fuel inflation increases .  as prices rise , debate intensifies about the region 's currency pegs to the dolla .
 u.s. airlines cancel flights as mexican volcano rumbles <sec> delta , american airlines , alaska airlines and spirit airlines cancel flights .  airport officials say the flights were canceled due to popocatepetl 's rumblings .  the famed volcano is about 50 miles from mexico city 's airpor .
 football fever : europe 's big leagues serve up late drama <sec> real madrid end the spanish season with a record 100 points after a 4-1 win over mallorca .  villarreal , who finished fourth last term , are relegated following defeat to atletico madrid .  manchester city score twice in injury time to win the english title ahead of manchester united .  alessandro del piero and filippo sign off for juventus and milan respectively with goal .
 airplane went down in volatile equatorial zone <sec> weather in the itcz , where the air france plane went down , is volatile .  the zone circles the earth near the equator and can produce violent thunderstorms .  these storms contain updrafts and downdrafts that can move at speeds of 100 mph .  because the storms are so huge , it can be difficult for airliners to avoid the .
 google offers free music downloads in china <sec> google free music in china averaging 1.5 million downloads .  rather than fight piracy , record labels seek slice of online advertising revenues .  google aims to take market share from chinese search giant baidu .  plans to make more than a million songs fre .
 what 's working in pakistan <sec> peter bergen : the west looks at pakistan as a country in dire straits .  despite the politics , bergen says pakistan 's society is more stable than it first appears .  civil society is stronger and pakistan has agreed to trade pact with india , he points out .  bergen : pakistan 's military has acted to protect the nation from taliban threa .
 topless kate photos hit stands in more countries <sec> a gossip magazine in denmark becomes at least the fifth publication to run the photos .  closer magazine , the first to publish the photos , wo n't say if it obeyed a court order .  catherine and prince william got an injunction in france on tuesday .  the royals have also filed a criminal complaint in franc .
 exclusive : edison chen breaks silence on celebrity sex scandal <sec> actor gives exclusive interview with cnn on the sex scandal that rocked asia .  chen faced death threats ; careers of some girls in explicit photos ruined .  returns to hong kong to explain his side of scandal and its effects .  watch even more from the interview in exclusive online only footag .
 immigration bill is democratic plot , house conservative says <sec> iowa rep. steve king says `` gang of eight '' bill is a democratic electoral plot .  king : democrats are trying to build `` another monolithic voting bloc '' .  senate judiciary committee holds second day of voting on amendments to bil .
