 papa john 's deliveryman accused of selling cocaine with pizza <sec> ramon rodriguez , a papa john 's deliveryman , is accused of selling cocaine while on the job .  the nypd has been running an undercover investigation on rodriguez since fall 2011 .  rodriguez was arrested after his biggest sale to the undercover agent : cocaine worth $ 27,50 .
 review : 'watchmen ' lacks imagination <sec> `` watchmen '' is so devoted to the comic book it misses vision , says tom charity .  film is based on renowned graphic novel about misfit crimefighters .  a few good performances , but overall the film feels lifeles .
 country artist billy currington indicted on terroristic threat charges <sec> new : the 70-year-old boat captain told police he feared for his life after the incident .  billy currington allegedly threatened bodily harm against the man .  `` i ca n't comment on this situation as this is an ongoing legal matter , '' currington tweets .  currington 's country hits include `` people are crazy '' and `` that 's how country boys roll .
 game , set and match : what wimbledon says about the british <sec> wimbledon is the oldest tennis tournament in the world .  it began in 1877 ; defending champion novak djokovic hails its `` tradition '' .  the tournament is a powerful brand exporting one aspect of `` britishness '' .  but is wimbledon still a relevant reflection of the country today .
 do you believe in a red state jesus or a blue state jesus ? <sec> in christianity , liberals and conservatives choose to see jesus in different ways .  some see jesus as champion of poor who would support raising taxes on the wealthy .  others think jesus would be concerned with opposing abortion and same-sex marriage .  take our quiz and see whether you believe in a red state jesus or blue state jesu .
 iphone slowdown hits foxconn revenue <sec> foxconn reports 19.2 % drop in revenue during the first quarter on slower iphone orders .  editor-in-chief for engadet china says foxconn may be too reliant on apple .  samsung toppled apple as the world 's largest smartphone maker in 2012 .  apple scheduled to report first quarter earnings on april 2 .
 two words make joe wilson an internet sensation <sec> little-known south carolina congressman shouts , `` you lie ! '' .  at president obama .  wikipedia disables editing for rep. joe wilson 's entry , citing `` vandalism '' .  name-calling rampant on facebook and twitter as political passions run hig .
 press , anti-violence groups scrutinize throat grab on nigella lawson <sec> new : saatchi tells paper he went to police to avoid an incident `` hanging over all of us '' .  images of saatchi with a hand around his wife 's throat were first published sunday .  victim support groups use incident to highlight the enduring problem of domestic violence .  a representative for lawson says she and her children have moved from the family hom .
 casey anthony : 'i did n't kill my daughter ' <sec> new : casey anthony says she 's `` gone through hell '' .  the florida woman talks exclusively to cnn 's piers morgan .  anthony was acquitted last summer of murder charges in the 2008 death of caylee , 2 .  'the caricature of me that is out there , it could n't be further from the truth , ' she say .
 feds demand more info in baby car seat recall <sec> graco recalled 3.7 million child car seats last month voluntarily .  the problem involves a release button that can get stuck .  graco said there was no need to recall infant seats ; that they have a second option .  highway safety regulators asked graco to explain its reasonin .
 complete list of academy award winners and nominees <sec> new : `` the hurt locker '' wins best picture .  kathryn bigelow wins best director for `` the hurt locker '' .  sandra bullock wins best actress .  jeff bridges wins best acto .
 maverick mayor : 'eco-architecture not ego-architecture ! ' <sec> former mayor of curitiba , brazil , jaime lerner is an architect and urban planner .  his groundbreaking policies helped create one of the world 's greenest cities .  his integrated bus system transports 2.4 million curitibans every day .  lerner compares car use to his mother-in-law : `` you can not let her conduct your life . .
 opinion : do n't erase hank aaron 's spot in history <sec> hank aaron broke babe ruth 's home run record 40 years ago .  terence moore : aaron 's record is marked with a memorial in turner field parking lot .  he says aaron and others want to make sure the spot is kept even after braves move .  moore : aaron 's record-breaking home run was more than just a baseball achievemen .
 'pac man ' pacquiao crushes cotto for wbo title <sec> manny pacquiao defeats defending champion miguel cotto for wbo welterweight title .  the filipino becomes only the fifth boxer to win major titles in five weight divisions .  he has won in seven categories but his ring magazine and ibo crowns are not universally recognized .  he stopped puerto rico 's cotto in the 12th and final round of the bout in las vega .
 ray rice cut , suspended after video shows star 's punch <sec> ravens coach says team will help rice , wife out as they 'go forward ' .  nfl suspends the running back indefinitely after viewing video for first time , league says .  baltimore ravens terminate the running back 's contract in wake of new video .  video posted by tmz sports shows incident inside atlantic city elevator in februar .
 twitter message could be cyber criminal at work <sec> some officials say cyber crime has eclipsed drug trade as a money maker .  latest ploy is planting malicious software in intriguing twitter topics .  some companies give in to extortion and remain silent , officials say .  skimmed credit card numbers can be found for sale on web site .
 longest-serving gop senator loses primary fight <sec> new : sen. john kerry of massachusetts calls lugar 's loss `` a tragedy for the senate '' .  `` you got this done , '' rival richard mourdock tells supporters after win .  the senate fight pitted moderate republicans against the more conservative wing of the party .  if dick lugar `` was running for something to do with foreign policy , i 'd be all over it , '' mourdock voter say .
 facebook vs. winklevoss case helps defend superman <sec> a ruling on the copyright to superman was decided in part by facebook ruling .  appeals courts said warner bros 2001 deal with creator 's family is binding .  that 's similar to how court ruled in facebook 's battle with winklevoss twins .  attorney says superman ruling was `` inevitable '' because of faceboo .
 diplomacy urgent as vote to split sudan nears <sec> john kerry : south sudan likely to vote for independence , raising specter of more war with north .  congress must commit to laying groundwork for peace between north and south , he writes .  senator says the situation resembles middle east in its complexity and pitfalls .  commitment to revive peace process in darfur also essential , kerry write .
 all sides preparing for political fallout from health care decision <sec> various constituencies anxiously wait for the high court to hand down its decision .  some interest groups have differing statements ready for seven or eight scenarios .  president barack obama has the most at stake politically .  white house has refused to speculate about what will happen if the law is struck dow .
 superdome power outage halts super bowl xlvii <sec> new : the 49ers rally after the blackout , but fall just short as the ravens win 34-31 .  about half of the superdome 's lights go out during the third quarter of super bowl xlvii .  an entergy official says the problem is tied to the dome ; the rest of new orleans `` is fine '' .  play resumes after a roughly 34-minute break ; nfl says it 's investigating the caus .
 rice , gadhafi 's son to meet , officials say <sec> son of libyan leader moammar gadhafi is on private visit to u.s . .  condoleezza rice , saif al islam gadhafi to discuss u.s.-libya ties , officials say .  libyan activists say meeting should n't happen until jailed dissident is freed .  president bush calls elder gadhafi over implementation of 1988 bombing settlemen .
 garrido stayed under the radar , despite contacts <sec> officials visited garrido home more than two dozen times in past three years .  phillip garrido 's parole officer checked up on him at least twice a month .  garrido violated parole in 1993 , but offense was n't reported to all the right agencie .
 scores of police officers killed in central nigeria <sec> there is no immediate claim of responsibility for the deaths in central nigeria .  officials say two soldiers died in attacks tuesday ; president jonathan says dozens died .  more than 100 boko haram militants took part in the tuesday attacks , police sai .
 russia : where keeping child porn is legal <sec> possessing child pornography is not a crime in russia , and child exploitation laws are weak .  the country is a world leader in the production of child pornography .  russian lawmaker elena mizulina is trying to get a law passe .
 cdc : tests may not detect meningitis fungus <sec> 14 people have died from fungal meningitis linked to contaminated injections .  14,000 people may have received the injections , the cdc says .  `` we are n't out of the woods yet , '' the outbreak incident manager says .  people should remain vigilant for several months after an injectio .
 former guatemalan president charged in u.s. with money-laundering <sec> indictment unsealed monday charges former guatemalan president with embezzlement .  alfonso portillo charged in u.s. court with alleged money-laundering scheme .  as of sunday , authorities in guatemala had not found portill .
 iraqi soldier fatally shoots 2 u.s. troops , wounds 3 near mosul <sec> new : u.s. military : gunman who killed 2 u.s. troops , wounded 3 was iraqi soldier .  iraqi officials say shooter was soldier-in-training who opened fire at a training facility .  shootings underscore the dangers for u.s. troops and iraqi security forces in mosul .  iranian forces attacked kurdish village in iraq ; 3 civilians killed in kirku .
 volcanic ash cloud disrupts flights <sec> eurocontrol : ash from icelandic volcano could affect irish and portuguese airspace .  uk airport authority : transatlantic flights facing rerouting and delays .  volcanic ash reduces visibility , can lead to engine failur .
 2 tread water for 14 hours off florida until rescue <sec> new : boat comes ashore .  man and woman said they fell from a boat off key largo .  they were found by fishermen 7 miles off the coast .  the heroes included two off-duty broward county detectives , one firefighte .
 alaska serial killer keyes tied to 11 deaths ; feds look overseas <sec> israel keyes is believed to have killed 11 people before his death in december , the fbi says .  he admitted to eight slayings after his arrest in march 2012 .  the fbi is asking for the public to help them identify other victim .
 federer closes on djokovic in battle for no.1 spot <sec> roger federer wins basel title for sixth time .  second straight title for resurgent swiss maestro .  federer closing on novak djokovic for no.1 spot .  andy murray beats tommy robredo in marathon valencia fina .
 obama : 'go to the movies ' <sec> president barack obama tells americans to go to the movies despite hacking threats .  u.s. law enforcement officials have linked hackers behind sony leaks to north kore .
 2014 emmys : 5 buzzworthy moments <sec> `` weird al '' parodies tv theme songs .  gwen stefani butchers `` the colbert report '' .  billy crystal bids adieu to friend robin william .
 how to have more sheryl sandbergs <sec> writers : facebook 's sandberg an anomaly ; 7.5 % of fortune 500 big earners are female .  too often , they write , people attribute the scarcity of powerful women to a lack of confidence .  but people look to their peers ' behavior to judge what they 're capable of , writers say .  women need to feel entitled to power and must cultivate confident friends , they sa .
 james 'whitey ' bulger linked to 11 murders <sec> the jury found that bulger was involved in 11 murders .  those killings occurred during the 1970s and 1980s .  the trial included testimony about the killings from former gangster .
 opinion : enough already with the obsession over hillary clinton <sec> donna brazile says the media is spending way too much time focusing on hillary clinton .  brazile : clinton 's possible presidential run in 2016 is not guaranteed .  there are other races in 2014 that deserve media attention right now , she say .
 deibert : why nsa spying scares the world <sec> ronald deibert : for non-americans , nsa 's massive surveillance is unsettling .  deibert : while cyberspace may be global , its infrastructure most definitely is not .  he says much of global internet traffic flows through networks controlled by the u.s . .  deibert : u.s. needs to rethink the global implications of its domestic surveillance policie .
 harper lee to publish new book , sequel to 'mockingbird ' <sec> harper lee 's new novel is `` go set a watchman '' .  the book will be her first since 1960 's `` to kill a mockingbird .
 ray j norwood charged with sexual battery , vandalism <sec> ray j norwood is infamous as kim kardashian 's partner in a sex tape .  he allegedly grabbed a woman 's buttocks , smashed a window and spat on a cop .  the singer was arrested at a beverly hills hotel on may 30 .  ray j 's publicist declined to comment about the charge .
 sex trafficking : countries take different approaches to same problem <sec> scandinavian neighbors denmark and sweden have taken different approaches to sex trafficking .  swedish law says it is not illegal to sell sex -- but it is illegal to buy sex .  in denmark prostitution has been decriminalized with the aim of making it easier to police .  politicians in denmark are now debating whether to adopt a swedish-style approac .
 traffic crash in japan takes out 8 ferraris , lamborghini <sec> the 14-vehicle crash also includes 3 mercedes-benz cars and 2 toyotas .  10 drivers are hospitalized , but no one is seriously injured , police say .  a group of luxury car enthusiasts were driving together on the road .  report : witnesses say the road was we .
 did san diego mayor target victims of military sexual assault ? <sec> air force and army veteran describe unwanted advances from bob filner .  at least 8 female veterans have made claims against the san diego mayor .  female veterans ' group : `` he used this organization for his own personal agenda '' .  filner 's attorney had no comment to the most recent allegation .
 eminem 's new music : new single , album revealed during vmas <sec> eminem used the mtv vmas to make a big announcement .  the artist has a new single and album on the way .  the single , `` berzerk , '' will arrive august 27 .  the album , `` the marshall mathers lp 2 , '' is due november .
 underdog isaac herzog could be israel 's next prime minister <sec> polls show isaac herzog 's zionist union party four seats ahead of benjamin netanyahu 's party .  israeli parliamentary elections will be on march 1 .
 conn. police release final report on newtown school shooting <sec> gunman adam lanza killed himself and 27 others in december 2012 .  connecticut state police report on shootings is thousands of pages long .  report discusses lanza 's school work and his relationship with his parent .
 armani , bulgari , nobu : luxury brands have designs on hotel market <sec> an increasing number of high-end luxury companies are opening hotels .  restaurant brand nobu is set to open its first hotel in caesars palace casino , las vegas .  armani , baccarat , bulgari and missoni have all transitioned to hotel .
 experts : huge space tourism expansion just months away <sec> traveling to space is just months away for hundreds of paying tourists , experts say .  prices for suborbital space flights are already dropping from $ 200,000 to $ 102,000 .  jeff bezos , `` doom '' games ' john carmack , paypal 's elon musk developing space systems .  new mexico spaceport aims to host 500,000 tourists a year as virgin galactic bas .
 obama cites gulf oil spill in alternative energy push <sec> obama cites gulf oil spill while promoting alternative energy in california .  obama 's remarks came two weeks after key senators introduced energy reform bill .  sem . .  harry reid 's emphasis on immigration reform raises doubts about bill 's future .  bill includes expanded offshore drilling but gives states more leewa .
 authorities : 4 dead in school bus accident in nebraska <sec> a school bus and a tractor-trailer collided near blue hill , nebraska , the sheriff says .  both drivers have been killed , he says .  also killed were two passengers on the school bus , he say .
 'moneyball ' for government <sec> kevin madden , howard wolfson : government should borrow `` moneyball '' idea from baseball .  both parties should be able to agree on the need for efficient government , the writers sa .
 islamist militants taking advantage of chaos in mali <sec> the west african nation of mali has been in political limbo since a coup in march .  the coup was over the government 's response to a tuareg rebellion in the north .  now , rebels and islamist militants are in control of several northern cities .  there is concern that mali could soon become a haven for terrorist .
 bid to program new life forms with 'operating system ' for cells <sec> researchers hope to create an `` operating system '' for living cells .  `` audacious '' project could make it easier to re-program cells .  it could lead to new life forms that can clean up pollutants or cure diseas .
 patrick mcgoohan , star of 'the prisoner , ' dies <sec> actor patrick mcgoohan dies age 80 , media reports .  mcgoohan best-known for creating and starring in 'the prisoner ' tv series .  he was an emmy winning actor whose tv and movie career spanned six decade .
 why are u.s. and turkey sparring over isis ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a special u.s. envoy is in turkey to wrangle more support for the fight against isis .  turkey 's geography makes it a key partner for the u.s . .  it wants to receive some concessions during talk .
 goddard : background checks save lives <sec> the cnn guns project explores the role of guns in the united states .  we need a comprehensive background check bill at the federal level , goddard says .  people turned away from gun dealers can buy weapons from private sellers .  background checks save lives , he say .
 women 's athletics a battle for respect <sec> the 27th annual national girls and women in sports day is wednesday .  in its 17th year , the wnba still struggles for fans and sponsorship , says lisa leslie .  leslie contends playing sports can help deter girls from early pregnancy and drug .
 suit filed against led zeppelin for 'stairway to heaven ' <sec> suit claims similarities between two songs .  randy california was guitarist for the group spirit .  jimmy page has called the accusation `` ridiculous .
 honduran congress votes against ousted president <sec> 111 of 128 lawmakers vote against reinstating ousted leader jose manuel zelaya .  vote part of u.s.-brokered pact between zelaya , de facto president roberto micheletti .  zelaya was removed as president in june 28 military-backed coup .  hondurans elected a new president , porfirio lobo sosa , on sunda .
 shining path rebels stage comeback in peru <sec> `` they terrorized peru , '' ex-u.s. envoy says of shining path guerrillas during 1980s .  arrests of top rebel leaders in the 1990s seemed to ensure group 's demise .  poor economic conditions , lack of justice fuel group 's re-emergence , analysts say .  ambush this month kills 14 government soldiers in latest of recent attack .
 women 's history month 2010 : discussion and activities <sec> march is women 's history month .  these questions and activities help students learn about the history and achievements of women in america .  these questions and activities can be adapted to accommodate students of different grade levels and learning style .
 class-action lawsuit filed over high school football <sec> daniel bukal had many concussions as a high school football player , a lawsuit says .  the 29-year-old still suffers from migraines and memory loss , the suit says .  attorneys have filed a class-action suit on his behelf and high school players in illinois .  the suit follows other such actions at the college and pro levels by former player .
 could derelict airport be greece 's economic savior ? <sec> greece is selling off assets from gas reserves to sewage works as it seeks to contain its debt woes .  the fund has projected a redevelopment of the site will bolster greece 's gross domestic product .  hellinikon airport was once greece 's flagship terminal and hub for international trave .
 opinion : new 'leadership , ' same agenda <sec> rep. steve israel says house republicans ' new leaders have same party priorities .  israel : kevin mccarthy and steve scalise were elected on pledges of fealty to the tea party .  republicans , he says , just replaced one leader of the gop shutdown with anothe .
