 republicans fire back at sanchez for iraq war criticism <sec> republican sen. lindsey graham : `` i am astounded '' by comments .  sanchez , a retired former coalition commander in iraq , called war `` nightmare '' .  republican sen. john mccain wishes sanchez would have spoken up earlier .  republican sen. mitch mcconnell said sanchez is simply wron .
 mexico captures suspected chinese migrant smuggler <sec> another suspect has also been arrested in new york .  police say the organization charged migrants $ 80,000 for passage to the u.s . .  authorities say the chinese migrants stayed at hotels in mexico cit .
 brazil prison escape follows seduction <sec> 26 inmates escaped from a prison in brazil .  two women allegedly seduced the guards and then drugged the .
 how u.s. can help syria drive out isis ( opinion ) <sec> robert ford : u.s. mulling strike on isis elements in syria .  u.s. pressure on iraq , including to form new government , has bolstered efforts to repel isis .  he says aiding moderate syria opposition would help them do the same , as al-assad weakens .  ford : aid should hinge on rebels making new government with shared focus on driving out isi .
 supreme court decision on polarizing health care law looms - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the supreme court decision on health care will come thursday .  the affordable care act was passed in march 2010 along partisan lines .  the law requires individuals to buy health insurance or face a fin .
 dying boy donates make-a-wish gift <sec> martin romero was diagnosed with cancer last fall .  the teen wanted to improve the baseball fields he loved .  he died in january before the improvements were finishe .
 nadya suleman 's doctor loses california medical license <sec> state medical board rules dr. michael kamrava committed `` gross negligence '' .  doctor had implanted 12 embryos in woman , who gave birth to 8 .  nadya suleman demanded all 12 embryos , the doctor says .  the license revocation takes effect july .
 u.s. lost track of two with known or suspected terror ties <sec> first on cnn : two were former participants in federal witness security program .  they were identified as being known or suspected terrorists .  new : justice department official says the pair were accounted for .  details emerge from interim justice dept . .  inspector general 's repor .
 extreme kayaker helps young adults with cancer through outdoor adventures <sec> brad ludden founded first descents to provide adventures for young adults with cancer .  the organization offers free weeklong camps in kayaking , rock climbing and surfing .  this year , 50 programs will be offered in the america .
 5 sensational stowaways that survived <sec> a 16-year-old recently survived a five-hour flight from california to hawaii in a wheel well .  most aircraft stowaways do n't survive , exposed to multiple risks including low oxygen levels , freezing temps and mechanical threats .  first aerial stowaway was a 19-year-old golf caddy who illegally boarded the graf zeppelin in 192 .
 10 prisons now open to travelers <sec> listen to former inmates discuss life in alcatraz .  the 11th-century prison in oxford castle , england , held political rebels .  outlaw ned kelly 's death mask is on display in old melbourne gaol , australia .  some former prisons , such as hostel celica , sweden , now converted into hotel .
 pakistani politician , bodyguard killed in suicide bombing <sec> hanif jadoon was a member of the awami national party .  the secular party is often targeted by the taliban .  police say no one has claimed responsibility for the attack .  nine others are injure .
 eye-popping street art , and how it escaped the banks <sec> peer-to-peer finance lets businesses bypass bank loans .  creative companies with quirky ideas find new lending models advantageous .  the p2p industry looks set to grow at incredible speed over the next few year .
 canadian woman , stuck 49 days in nevada wild , now in good condition <sec> rita and raymond chretien got lost in the nevada wilderness march 19 .  she was found on friday , 49 days later .  her husband is still missin .
 'they 're going to kill me , ' michael jackson told son <sec> `` sorry kids , your dad 's dead , '' prince jackson says dr. conrad murray told him .  paris was `` hit the hardest because she was my dad 's princess , '' prince says .  prince describes `` aggressive '' encounter between aeg head and dr. murray .  the wrongful death trial of aeg live is in its ninth week in a los angeles courtroo .
 traveler imprisoned in timor-leste <sec> travel nightmare comes true for american stacey addison in timor-leste .  addison arrested after sharing a cab with a stranger carrying methamphetamine .  she 's being held as a witness in the case , which could take up to a year to investigate .  u.s. state department to meet this week with timor-leste ambassado .
 fbi warns travelers of pop-up window cyber-attacks <sec> fbi says overseas travelers at risk to attacks through pop-up windows .  security analysts note warning is short on details .  attack is a pop-up asking users to update a popular piece of software .  it has happened on hotel wi-fi systems , fbi say .
 man who set up home for kids in haiti charged with sexual abuse <sec> feds : douglas perlitz , 39 , faces 10 counts in alleged abuse of nine boys .  perlitz was arrested at his home in colorado , but had lived for years in haiti .  perlitz was director of the project pierre toussaint in haiti .  if convicted , perlitz faces up to 30 years in prison and fine of $ 2.5 millio .
 iraqi pm warns of early vote <sec> new : al-maliki 's critics are threatening to hold a no-confidence vote against him .  al-maliki accuses `` the other side '' of provoking crises , leading to the need for elections .  the country has faced a string of political crises since the u.s. withdrawal .  the next parliamentary elections are not scheduled until 201 .
 judge rejects berlusconi objections in sex case <sec> new : italian pm berlusconi 's attorney calls the judge 's actions `` shameful '' .  new : the court adjourned the corruption case until september 19 .  he is fighting allegations he paid for sex with a minor and abused power when she was arrested .  berlusconi also faces corruption charges related to his media empir .
 report : amtrak employees failing drug , alcohol tests at alarming rate <sec> inspector general 's report says amtrak managers overlook substance abuse .  amtrak workers fail tests at 51 % higher rate than industry average , report says .  thousands in safety-sensitive positions are subject to stringent work regulation .
 andy murray takes wtc crown from 'feverish ' novak djokovic <sec> novak djokovic withdraws from final of mubadala world tennis championship .  andy murray handed opening title of 2015 .  murray picks up trophy before third place playoff match between stan wawrinka and rafa nada .
 jet skids , passengers yell , 'the plane 's going to blow up ! ' <sec> new : `` i could see the engine , '' passenger says . .  `` i noticed it was on fire '' .  continental jet veers off runway while attempting to take off from denver airport .  jet also caught fire in ravine 200 yards from runway .  thirty-eight people were treated for injuries at hospital .
 mcdonald 's recalls hello kitty whistles <sec> the red whistle is part of happy meal hello kitty birthday lollipop toy .  the company received two reports of children who sucked the whistles into their mouths .  it 's asking customers to `` immediately take the whistle away from children .
 san diego mayor to enter counseling during sexual harassment scandal <sec> filner has refused to resign despite allegations of sexual harassment .  he says he will enter a behavior counseling clinic on monday .  `` the behavior i have engaged in over many years is wrong , '' filner say .
 rahm emanuel no friend on immigration <sec> ruben navarrette notes rahm emanuel may run for chicago mayor .  immigration reformers there may be unimpressed with his past obstruction on issue , he says .  if rep. gutierrez , immigration reform supporter , also decides to run , expect fireworks .  navarrette : emanuel did n't lead on immigration ; his boss , the president , also derelict on issu .
 texas mourners ' plea : 'chase 'em down , bring 'em to justice ' <sec> `` we will not stop pursuing justice , '' the district attorney 's chief investigator vows .  an fbi computer forensics team joins the investigation .  the texas governor offers a $ 100,000 reward in the prosecutor killings .  the killings are `` direct attacks on the core of our civil society , '' gov . .  rick perry say .
 vermont governor signs gmo food labeling into law <sec> food entirely or partially produced with genetic engineering must be labeled .  the law , set to go in effect july 2016 , is the first of its kind in the united states .  gov . .  shumlin : `` we believe we have a right to know what 's in the food we buy .
 sachin tendulkar : cricket 's 'little master ' bigger than the game <sec> india 's best known cricketer is one of the games best-ever batsmen .  started his international career when just 16-years-old .  leading run-scorer in one day internationals and holder of many other record .
 texas abortion law challenged in planned parenthood lawsuit <sec> the lawsuit was filed in u.s. district court in austin .  it was filed by planned parenthood on behalf of women 's health care providers .  the first part of the new texas law takes effect october 29 .  gov . .  rick perry 's spokesman says the lawsuit was not a surpris .
 egypt activist alaa abdel-fattah sentenced to 5 years <sec> alaa abdel-fattah , one of the leading opposition voices in egypt , gets a 5-year sentence .  he was convicted on charges of protesting and assaulting polic .
 u.n. to send troops to sudan <sec> new : clinton commends the swift passage of the u.n. resolution .  the resolutions establishes a six-month security force at abyei , sudan .  the two sides signed an agreement last week allowing peacekeepers .  south sudan is to gain independence july .
 ex-boyfriend charged in swimsuit designer 's death <sec> new : brooks pleads not guilty at his arraignment .  cachay 's former boyfriend is indicted for murder .  nicholas brooks was initially charged with attempted murder and strangulation .  the designer 's bruised body was discovered in a bathtub at the soho house club and hote .
 rem koolhaas : the architect planning for the future <sec> dutch architect is creative force behind landmark buildings across the world .  beijing 's cctv building and seattle 's central library are two bold examples .  koolhaas embraces contradictions in a project and creative-commercial tension .
 budget compromise clears senate procedural hurdle <sec> new : a new poll shows public support for the budget deal .  12 republicans join democrats in overcoming a filibuster attempt .  bill aims to avert another government shutdown as early as mid-january .  the house already passed the compromise budget pla .
 cool runnings : a skiing sequel for jamaica 's 'dream chaser ? ' <sec> michael williams aiming to qualify for 2014 winter olympics with jamaica .  the 42-year-old skier was inspired by hollywood movie `` cool runnings '' .  tropical island spawns very few people who excel at winter sports .  williams has until january 2014 to qualify for the sochi game .
 demjanjuk stays in prison voluntarily before heading to nursing home <sec> he was convicted thursday in the murder of tens of thousands of jews .  the 91-year-old ukraine native was sentenced to five years in prison .  the former ohio auto worker was freed pending an appeal .  german prison officials had to find him a nursing home on short notic .
 cnn student news - september 12 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 china flexes its space muscles with lesson in zero gravity <sec> chinese astronaut wang yaping conducts a school lesson from space .  the astronaut addressed students through a live link-up from the chinese space module .  wang fielded questions about space junk , weighing mass in space and ufos .  china has an ambitious space program that includes landing a man on the moon after 202 .
 amazon helps tiny sellers can reach across the globe <sec> in 2013 , amazon sold 1 billion items from small businesses .  platform lets entrepreneurs become `` micro-exporters '' .  amazon says sellers can reach 250 million potential customers globall .
 feds unveil pipeline safety program <sec> transporation secretary ray lahood presses pipeline firms to upgrade aging delivery systems .  the move comes in response to recent deadly explosions in california and pennsylvania .  the administration wants to increase fines for pipeline safety violations , among other things .  the transportation department will convene a pipeline safety forum on april 1 .
 this month on inside the middle east <sec> inside the middle east is in oman .  on deck with the captain of a historic recreation of a 9th century omani spice ship .  lebanese couturier zuhair murad explains how his home , beirut , inspires his design .
 koryta details murder , a panther and a dangerous woman <sec> michael koryta 's newest novel is `` the ridge , '' his eighth at age 28 .  koryta was inspired by ghost stories and a rescue center for exotic cats .  music is a huge inspiration for the author and has become a part of his writing proces .
 single mom challenges dismissal from air force <sec> rebecca edmonds grew up as a military kid , joining the rotc in high school .  weeks before becoming an air force officer , she discovered she was pregnant .  the air force ejected her because it forbids single parents from enlisting .  edmonds has appealed that decision , and her case is currently being reviewe .
 at-home entertainment and family bonding booms <sec> at-home entertainment businesses soar as other industries struggle in recession .  netflix subscribers break 10 million ; gaming industry grows to $ 22 billion business .  games can bring families together and provide insights into children , experts say .  tough times are good time to reflect , and do yoga , rodney yee say .
 officials : courthouse gunman nursed hatred of government <sec> new : suspect johnny wicks had a lengthy rap sheet .  wicks was shot and killed after opening fire in courthouse lobby .  slain guard identified as former vegas police officer .  fbi : wicks pulled shotgun from underneath his jacket and began shootin .
 obama lauds indonesia as a model of religious tolerance <sec> president speaks about relations , religion in nation with largest muslim population .  obama recalls the welcome and acceptance he received when he lived in indonesia as a boy .  shared principles of unity and tolerance underpin u.s.-indonesia relations , obama say .
 bayern on cruise control as arsenal awaits <sec> bayern munich moves 18 points clear at top of bundesliga .  goals from mario mandzukic and arjen robben seals 2-0 win at wolfsburg .  ac milan defeats parma 2-1 thanks to balotelli strike .  deportivo la coruna suffers more misery at sevill .
 worst xi : infamous football punch-ups <sec> football fanzone presents a rundown of 11 infamous pitch punch-ups .  the tension of competition has even seen teammates turn against one-another .  let us know what you think by commenting in the sound off bo .
 canadian domestic terror investigation snares fourth suspect <sec> four suspects are in custody as part of a domestic terror investigation .  three suspects arrested earlier this week allegedly had material to make ieds .  u.s. officials say there 's no clear evidence of a link to the united state .
 drone found on japanese prime minister 's rooftop <sec> the drone is sparking terrorism concerns , authorities say .  it was equipped with a bottle containing radioactive material .  it was discovered as a court approved a plan to restart two japanese nuclear reactor .
 joyce ride , sally ride 's mom , helps free accused killer gloria killian <sec> joyce ride 's $ 100k probe overturned a murder conviction .  gloria killian served nearly 17 years for murder ; eventually , charges were dismissed .  private eye finds jaw-dropping proof of a plea deal for testimony .  ride , mom to the late astronaut , volunteers to befriend prisoner .
 pakistan stars denied ipl payday <sec> pakistan cricketers miss ipl season over security fears .  pakistan players not competing on government advice .  england stars making debuts in the league starting in apri .
 u.s. was prepared to fight pakistani forces , officials say <sec> `` no firepower option was off the table , '' a u.s. official says .  if bin laden was caught , he would have been taken to afghanistan and then a u.s. ship , a u.s. official says .  the helicopter that replaced the crashed one was carrying a battlefield medical team , sources sa .
 farmer turns to fruit tree to power tractors <sec> a fruit tree called jatropha can be used to make clean biodiesel , experts say .  florida farmer says high diesel costs are killing farmers .  scientist on jatropha : `` it is a superior oil '' .  currently , one plant produces only enough for two gallon .
 u.s. firm denies staff were fired on in indonesia <sec> antara news agency said two people were killed when convoy was attacked .  convoy was transporting employees of u.s. mining company pt freeport .  company clarified a vehicle was wrecked but no shots fired at convoy .  papua residents resent firm 's presence , criticize environmental impact , little benefi .
 the scene : jackman turns into wolverine <sec> hugh jackman plays wolverine in `` x-men origins : wolverine '' .  to create the character , jackman wanted to be in `` ridiculous shape '' .  how to contact jackman underwater ? .  director used a `` toe method .
 country profile : macedonia <sec> macedonia was the only country to emerge peacefully from the former yugoslavia .  the country has had a long-running dispute with greece over its name .  about a quarter of its two million population lives in the capital skopje on the vardar rive .
 quest for the perfect photo <sec> richard quest goes in search of the perfect photo .  he meets patrick demarchelier , steve mccurry , frans lanting and anne geddes .  quest puts his new skills to the test by photographing a colony of elephant seal .
 us airways crew members fall ill , forcing second diversion in 2 weeks <sec> flight 715 was headed to philadelphia from venice , italy .  it diverted to dublin , ireland , after five crew members and a passenger became ill .  nine days earlier , another flight from venice to philadelphia was diverted to dublin .  on that flight , nine crew members reported feeling dizzy and nauseate .
 chris brown cell phone snatching probe nears end , prosecutor says <sec> detectives will interview out-of-state witnesses suggested by brown 's lawyer .  a woman says brown grabbed her iphone after she took a photo of him in miami last month .  arrest could have serious implications , as he 's on probation for assaulting pop star rihanna .  brown is on probation until 201 .
 deflated tiger left sweating on ryder cup selection <sec> tiger woods finishes outside the top eight spots for the u.s. ryder cup team .  world number one blows his chance with disappointing final round at whistling straits .  he will now rely on a pick from united states captain corey pavin .  pga championship winner martin kaymer clinches his spot on european tea .
 jamming systems play secret role in iraq <sec> counter-ied technologies are troops ' last line of defense in iraq .  signal jammers used to block an ied from detonating .  enemy is adaptive , innovative and flexible .  best way to combat insurgents -- go after the bomb maker .
 eusebio : portugal says goodbye to football legend <sec> eusebio , 71 , died from a heart attack , former club says .  the striker was considered one of the sport 's greatest players .  portugal star was top scorer at 1966 world cup .  compatriot cristiano ronaldo among those to pay tribut .
