 ft in the digital age : like 'walking and chewing gum at the same time ' <sec> cnn 's clare sebastian goes behind the scenes of the financial times .  she finds piles of newsprint , but an organization focused on the digital age .  filing for print and digital is described as like 'walking and chewing gum ' at the same time .  this can be done -- but it 's not without risk .
 boy featured in 'humans of new york ' meets obama <sec> a `` humans of new york '' portrait inspires a visit to white house .  one student had named his principal as his inspiration in the photo blog .  he inspired a fundraiser to pay for school trips to harvard , summer studies , scholarship .
 indian court to hear request to move gang rape case outside new delhi <sec> police in eastern india report allegations of a new gang rape at the weekend .  five men accused of raping and killing a woman in december face trial in new delhi .  defense lawyers say shifting the case outside delhi would ensure a fair hearing .  the 23-year-old victim in that case , which transfixed india , died from her injurie .
 a leading journalist finds her inner artist <sec> dana king is an award-winning journalist and former cbs morning news anchor .  in 2012 she changed her career and became an artist .  she sees her art as a continuation of her storytellin .
 bp 's billions at stake as courtroom showdown starts <sec> new : the gulf oil spill was `` a multiparty event , '' bp lawyer argues .  billions of dollars are at stake as a judge weighs negligence and financial penalties .  bp is fighting to limit fines , while the company 's critics hope to see a landmark punishment .  a judge will weigh whether bp was grossly negligent and determine how much it owe .
 public executions , mass graves : isis targets sunnis <sec> hundreds of members of albu nimr tribe have been killed by isis .  isis fighters carried out public executions of tribesmen in hit .  group had more than 50 members abducted by isis saturday .  earlier in the week , many others had been kille .
 opinion : should shakespeare come with a trogger warning label ? <sec> universities have debated putting warning labels on violent , abusive scenes in literature .  david perry : it should not be necessary to have a new policy of warning labels .  good teachers should prepare their students in the course of regular teaching , he says .  perry : for students with ptsd , the normal precautions should be take .
 quest : mitt romney 's university familiar , but a world apart <sec> cnn 's richard quest is in utah filming for the upcoming series american quest .  he visits brigham young university , where mitt romney graduated in 1971 .  richard quest finds a campus a world apart from his university experience .  and there are moments when he wonders what sort of life experience these students would gai .
 biden stresses rising income inequality to liberal power brokers <sec> vice president joe biden addressed major donors and activists , attendee tells cnn .  he stressed the importance of addressing rising income inequality .  his remarks were well-received , but he did n't speak about his own 2016 intentions .  `` no one responded '' when he said americans still prefer democrats , attendee say .
 hundreds of park police guns unaccounted for , report says <sec> national park service orders inventory .  public safety never at risk , police union says .  union says all weapons accounted for .  alternative tracking is being used , union say .
 cat-ching ! cat cafes take over world <sec> cat cafes started in taiwan , but really took off in japan , where there are now reportedly 150 .  new openings this year include cafes in london , new york and melbourne , australia .  london cat cafe now fully booked until october 201 .
 wistful ex-president bush says goodbye to white house <sec> former president , wife visit white house on son 's last night as president .  george h.w . .  bush smiles when reporter suggests other son could run .  barbara bush reflects on saying goodbye to white house staff for second time .  former first couple attending inauguration of barack obam .
 zimmerman 's lawyer confident judge will leave case <sec> the judge in the case is connected to a cnn analyst .  mark o'mara describes his client , george zimmerman , as `` frightened '' .  media outlets are asking that documents in the case be unseale .
 rodeo clown mocks obama at missouri state fair - cnnpolitics.com <sec> state fair commission bans clown after saturday night 's `` unconscionable stunt '' .  rodeo association apologizes for anti-obama rant .  one witness likened the atmosphere to a klan rally .  lt. gov . .  peter kinder says `` we are better than this .
 political , civil rights figures eulogize benjamin hooks <sec> new : he `` leaves big shoes behind , and none of us can fill them , '' naacp chief says .  new : urban league president praises his work in the trenches , juggling of responsibilities .  hooks , 85 , died last week after a lengthy illness , naacp officials said .  hooks led the naacp from 1977 to 199 .
 the virtues of eating everything <sec> one writer discusses the joys of eating everything .  writer tries pulled-pork tacos with pickled onions , blindingly spicy korean noodles .  she 'd rather have curves than agonize over dessert , she say .
 israel strikes gaza after rocket fire resumes <sec> new : israel 's ambassador criticizes the u.n. response to the resumption in fighting .  a barrage of rocket fire on friday follows the end of a three-day truce .  in response , israel says its military `` targeted terror sites across the gaza strip '' .  the egyptian-brokered cease-fire began tuesda .
 opinion : guard yourself against sham charities <sec> money from a charity to help victims of sandy hook shooting has gone missing .  tre hargett : sham charities that exploit compassionate people are more common .  he says americans must do some research on charities before donating money .  hargett : do n't let your money fall into the wrong hands , and never give cas .
 airline 'pit crews ' work to keep flights on time <sec> when a passenger plane lands , a ground crew of as many as 35 people takes the stage .  `` we like to call it a highly choreographed ballet , '' says a united airlines vice president .  turning planes around quickly might be nice for passengers , but it means profits for airlines .  the ground crews make it happen safely and on tim .
 the third man : the forgotten black power hero <sec> at mexico 1968 , australian sprinter peter norman won silver in the 200 meters .  he was the third man on the podium during the infamous black power salute .  norman was shunned on his return to australia for joining the protest .  a film sheds new light on his role in one of sport 's most iconic moment .
 ronaldo nets four as real rout santander ; messi double sinks zaragoza <sec> real madrid lead barcelona by a point after defeating racing santander 6-1 .  cristiano ronaldo scores four for first time as unbeaten real continue recent goal glut .  lionel messi nets both goals as barcelona beat 10-man bottom side zaragoza .  valencia lose 2-1 at home to mallorca , staying in fourth place four points behind rea .
 what 's new on netflix and amazon for september <sec> netflix and amazon prime have new programs streaming in september .  they feature everything from kids shows to classics .  hulu also has a few offering .
 djokovic denies federer to claim atp world tour finals title <sec> novak djokovic wins atp world tour finals in london .  serbian beats roger federer 7-6 7-5 at the o2 arena .  world no.1 retrieves breaks of service in both sets .  denies federer a seventh title in the end of season showpiec .
 fidel castro dons olive green again , state-run website reports <sec> olive green rebel fatigues were the former cuban leader 's signature uniform during his rule .  he appeared saturday to honor rebels killed in artemisa .  it was his first trip outside havana since falling ill in 200 .
 'sound of music ' : nbc takes a ratings gamble with live show <sec> nbc faces a challenge with a live primetime production of `` the sound of music '' .  a major broadcast network has n't attempted a full-scale musical in years .  nbc 's challenge is to get viewers to watch live rather than via dvr or hulu .  the live element of surprise works in the network 's favo .
 adebayor signs new contract with arsenal <sec> emmanuel adebayor commits himself to arsenal by signing a new contract .  the togo striker had been linked with a move to ac milan and barcelona .  terms of the deal not disclosed but arsenal say the contract is `` long term '' .  adebayor has been booed by some of the club 's fans in recent matche .
 winter storm forces interstates , turnpikes closed in oklahoma <sec> new : oklahoma governor orders state roads , interstates , turnpikes closed after declaring emergency .  will rogers world airport in oklahoma city closes , reports 12 inches of snow .  louisiana man killed when tree falls on house during strong winds .  storm likely will affect travel plans , weather service warn .
 america the generous <sec> the u.s. is unparalleled in generosity , says william j. bennett .  capitalism has its critics , but when disaster strikes , the world still turns to america , he says .  america 's largest companies made $ 4.9 billion in donations last year , bennett says .  bennett : american generosity is not dependent on the government or public polic .
 meet gibraltar 's $ 200m five-star yacht hotel <sec> with land at a premium , property developers increasingly turn to floating hotels .  introducing gibraltar 's new $ 200 million sunborn yacht hotel .  five-star hotel a whopping seven storeys tall , boasting 189 rooms , luxury facilities .  follows similar yacht hotel in finland , with plans for vessels in london and barcelon .
 at least 5 killed in yemen , tribal leaders say <sec> several people were wounded in the fighting .  the clashes occurred just north of the capital .  on monday , an obama adviser and yemen 's vp me .
 court rips texas redistricting plan as discriminatory <sec> new : texas officials will appeal `` this flawed decision , '' the state 's attorney general says .  the court found texas districts were drawn to discriminate against minorities .  the ruling is a win for the justice department , which challenged the map .
 8 spectacular fall-foliage cruises <sec> autumn 's gold-and-yellow leaf show is free of the distracting red taillights from a boat .  cruises range from elegant paddleboats to 100-foot luxury yachts .  enjoy warm apple cider or complimentary wine on some voyage .
 steyn finishes off england after amla 's batting heroics <sec> south africa beat england by an innings and 12 runs in first test at the oval .  dale steyn takes five wickets for 56 runs to wrap up victory .  hashim amla man of the match for his triple century in south africa 's innings .  south africa will top test rankings with victory in three-match serie .
 halloween : 3 trick-or-treaters killed by speeding car <sec> new : girls were thrown more than 100 feet .  the girls were all 13 years old .  police : they had the right of way at a crosswalk .  halloween is one of the deadliest nights of the year for pedestrian .
 shooting 'slumdog ' in mumbai , city of extremes <sec> danny boyle had never been to india before shooting `` slumdog millionaire '' .  the british director shot the film in the streets and slums using passers-by as extras .  boyle on shooting in mumbai : `` it 's pretty mad . .  everything is extreme . '' .  `` slumdog '' has been critically acclaimed and is hotly tipped for oscar .
 melbourne cup back on home soil after green moon victory <sec> green moon has won australia 's most famous horse race , the melbourne cup .  the six-year-old stallion took the winner 's share of the $ 6.2 million prize money .  australian horse-racing fans thrilled to have cup back on home soil .  more international horses have been competing lured by lucrative prize po .
 arizona convict , fiancee wo n't 'go down lightly , ' marshal warns <sec> fugitive couple thought to be in western montana or canada .  authorities fear the couple wo n't `` go down lightly '' .  tracy province was arrested without incident monday morning .  john mccluskey 's mother and ex-wife are charged with aiding a prison brea .
 asiana crash : who 's to blame ? <sec> ntsb votes tuesday on cause of 2013 asiana crash in san francisco .  focus is on pilots ' actions , automation .  pilots confused by auto-throttle modes .  will blame fall on pilots or designers .
 obama 's second term could look like his first <sec> president barack obama seeks a similar second-term record as his first .  immigration reform would be like health care reform of three years ago .  ending bashar al-assad 's rule in syria would be this term 's osama bin laden triumph .  the economy continues its incremental recover .
 gabrielle giffords will resign to focus on her recovery <sec> giffords will finish the `` congress on your corner '' event she started before she was shot .  giffords announces she will resign in a video on her website .  she was shot in the head on january 8 , 2011 , in a rampage that left 6 dead .  gov . .  brewer says she expects the general election for giffords ' seat will be in jun .
 indy 500 winner : i drove 'like i stole it ' <sec> indianapolis 500 winner dan wheldon : i `` drove it like i stole it '' .  race rookie j.r. hildebrand 's crash in the final turn gave wheldon the win .  the crash left hildebrand feeling `` helpless .
 amanda knox found guilty of murder again by italian court <sec> amanda knox 's attorney says appeal is certain , too soon to talk of extradition .  italian court finds amanda knox , ex-boyfriend guilty of murder in retrial .  knox says the legal proceedings have gotten out of hand , are perverted .  both were convicted previously of british student 's murder , later acquitted on appea .
 hits and misses of the steve ballmer era at microsoft <sec> microsoft ceo steve ballmer announced friday that he will step down in the next 12 months .  under ballmer 's reign , microsoft has had a mixed record of success with its products .  the xbox console has been a consistent seller , while the now-defunct zune music player was a du .
 facetime with ahmed ali al sayegh <sec> ahmed ali al sayegh is head of the largest natural gas initiative in the middle east .  it produces two billion cubic feet of gas a day , equivalent to 350,000 barrels of oil .  qatar has 14 percent of the world 's natural gas supplies .  al sayegh : `` the only limiting factor in this region is the ability to build it .
 obama marks 'forgotten war ' on korean peninsula <sec> the president lays a wreath at the korean war veterans memorial .  family members with ties to both u.s. and korean troops are on hand .  `` no veteran should ever be overlooked , '' he say .
 sudan pulls troops from disputed abyei region , united nations says <sec> the u.n. has called for sudan and south sudan to withdraw forces from abyei .  a south sudan army spokesman questions whether sudan has truly pulled its forces out .  many people remain displaced in the disputed border region .  sudan and south sudan have returned to peace talk .
 woman sentenced to prison in death of cancer-stricken autistic son <sec> kristen labrie is sentenced friday to spend eight to 10 years in prison .  prosecutors argued that labrie intentionally withheld medications from her son .  labrie 's attorney has said that the system failed his clien .
 'despicable me 's ' minions triumph over 'grown ups , ' 'pacific rim ' <sec> it was a close race , but `` despicable me 2 '' was no . .  1 with $ 44.8 million .  the movie is on track to surpass `` monsters university '' .  at no . .  2 was adam sandler 's first-ever sequel , `` grown ups 2 , '' with $ 42.5 million .  guillermo del toro 's `` pacific rim '' ended up in third place with $ 38.3 millio .
 giffords reads aloud part of her memoir <sec> rep. gabrielle giffords reads aloud the last chapter of audio book .  her husband , mark kelly , reads the rest of the book .  the memoir chronicles the couple 's careers .  giffords was shot in the head in januar .
 nelson mandela 's funeral , farewell plans - a day by day breakdown <sec> cnn has a detailed account of how plans will unfold over the next 10 days .  the 10 days of mourning will combine both western traditions and those of mandela 's native clan .  no formal public events will be held until five days after mandela 's deat .
 aaron hernandez trial : fiancée granted immunity <sec> aaron hernandez is on trial in the death of odin lloyd .  his fiancée has pleaded not guilty to perjury charges .  she is on the prosecution 's witness lis .
 opinion : why is rick perry being mean to rand paul ? <sec> timothy stanley : rick perry , rand paul spar in op-eds , break reagan 's no-attack rule .  he says perry off-base in attack on paul as isolationist with a foreign policy like obama 's .  stanley : perry touts reagan 's approach , but reagan tended to avoid confrontation .  stanley : paul , perry not likely gop 's 2016 candidate ; dust-up only makes gop look fracture .
 rights group says central african republic militias massacre men , boys <sec> survivors tell of a massacre of muslim men and boys in a remote village , rights group says .  another massacre carried out days later by muslim fighters , human rights watch says .  the group calls for a u.n. peacekeeping force to protect vulnerable rural communities .  spiraling ethnic violence in the central african republic has led to fears of genocid .
 drone strikes must end , yemen 's parliament says <sec> yemeni lawmakers call for an end to drone strikes after an attack on a wedding party .  the vote was `` a strong warning '' to yemen 's government and the united states , official says .  but yemen 's government is unlikely to approve any ban on the attack .
 how the israelis do airport security <sec> u.s. authorities have stepped up airport screening after failed christmas day attack .  consultant isaac yeffet says israel safeguards planes by interviewing all passengers .  he says well-trained agents can detect attackers and prevent incidents .  yeffet : security people need to be constantly tested -- and fired if they fai .
 baijiu producers look globally for expansion <sec> american author derek sandhaus reached the 300-shot threshold to learn to love baijiu .  biggest myth : baijiu is dangerous .  artisanal baijiu producers crop up in the united states .  chinese youth choose imported spirits over traditional tippl .
 has n't ralph nader done enough damage ? <sec> ralph nader suggested obama should face primary challenge .  donna brazile says nader should beware creating democratic disunity .  she says his candidacy in 2000 took key votes away from al gore .  brazile : progressives should unite to prevent gop victory in 201 .
 young guantanamo prisoner ordered freed <sec> mohammad el-gharani , now 21 , not an enemy combatant , u.s. judge rules .  el-gharani was 14 when he was captured in pakistan , detained at u.s. base in cuba .  judge notes questions raised about a detainee who implicated el-gharani .  el-gharani was accused of being al qaeda courier , tora bora battle participan .
 mexico 's new leader measured against old corruption <sec> enrique pena nieto presidential victory in mexico is a return to an old , once-corrupt party .  the pri says it has changed even though its old tools of corruption remain .  as pena nieto is inaugurated many are asking : is he a new man or just a new face ? .  success may be measured in his ability to tap mexico 's potentia .
 review : lana del rey 's 'born to die ' <sec> `` born to die 's '' wild swings of unqualified stunners provide no real answers .  ''dark paradise '' and ''million dollar man '' are both knockouts .  the flimsy melody propping up ''national anthem '' collapses under its faux-ra .
 london 's great cemeteries -- and their coolest gravestones <sec> the best tombs in london belong to the famous and lesser known alike .  explorer richard burton rests in extravagant digs .  one coffin hangs permanently in the air .  author douglas adams wastes few words on his headston .
 same-sex marriages must be allowed in new jersey , judge rules <sec> new : `` it 's an amazingly strong decision , '' says leader of a group that sued .  judge : new jersey must allow same-sex marriages starting october 21 .  ruling says civil unions insufficient because they hinder federal benefits .  new jersey has allowed same-sex civil unions since 200 .
 irs puts two on leave over lavish 2010 conference <sec> the agency has started the process to remove the employees .  the employees ' names have not been released .  the alleged incident involves a party at a hotel during a conference in californi .
 justices strike down florida 's iq rule for executions <sec> a divided supreme court favored death-row inmate who supporters say is intellectually disabled .  the court struck down florida 's requirement for a baseline iq as part of a disability claim .  freddie lee hall was convicted and sentenced to death in 1978 for the murder of a pregnant woma .
