 sources : 3 al qaeda operatives took part in benghazi attack <sec> `` three or four members of al qaeda in the arabian peninsula , '' took part , one source says .  western intelligence services suspect they may have been sent to carry out the attack .  they were later traced to northern mali , where the trail appears to have gone col .
 planting more than ideas to make palm oil eco-friendly <sec> plantations in malaysia are taking steps to make palm oil less destructive .  planting of rare tree spieces on plantations is one method .  new criteria means plantations have to 2 to 4 percent of land for native trees .  geoffrey cooper , plantation manager , says planters are in good place to be constructiv .
 south korean baseball hits home run with female fans <sec> numbers of female fans at south korean baseball games rising .  next year , there could be as many women as men in the stands .  clubs are catering to demand by selling jerseys , hats and headbands .  baseball is the national pastime in south kore .
 diplomatic language on ukraine is short on specifics <sec> `` this is actually a declaration of war , '' acting pm yatsenyuk says .  few specifics about what might happen if putin fails to accede to western wishes .  `` that is something that russia will have to think hard about , '' says hagu .
 should you save your child 's cord blood ? <sec> your child 's cord blood could be a wise investment for future stem cell therapy .  blood is potentially lifesaving health insurance should baby develop a serious illness .  american academy of pediatrics estimates chances of needing it 1 in 200,00 .
 'the big bang theory ' cast on the origins of 'bazinga ' and more <sec> `` the big bang theory 's '' cast and crew held a paleyfest panel wednesday .  it was pretty short on spoilers .  there were plenty of entertaining and funny behind-the-scenes stories .  the 19th episode of season six airs tonigh .
 dhoni : india peaking at the right time ahead of world cup final <sec> india captain ms dhoni says his team are peaking ahead of the cricket world cup final .  dhoni 's team take on sri lanka in mumbai on saturday .  skipper says india have a great unity in the camp as they go for second world cup titl .
 warning to u.s. athletes : no olympic uniform outside sochi venues <sec> state department security officials will accompany u.s. athletes to events .  `` it is to make sure we have eyes on the teams and eyes on the events , '' an official says .  the u.s. team has been warned not to wear their uniforms ''far outside the olympic venues '' .  about 10,000 u.s. citizens are expected to attend the games , according to estimate .
 virginia picks ohio execution drug for lethal injections <sec> virginia says it will use the sedative midazolam as a drug for lethal injections .  the same drug was used in a controversial ohio execution in january .  the drug 's manufacturer says it objects to its use in capital punishmen .
 forgotten in aleppo : trapped between regime and isis <sec> an estimated 300,000 civilians are stuck in rebel-held areas around aleppo .  they are at risk of barrel bombs and warring militias and are short of food , water and fuel .  fierce battle under way for control of handarat hill , on the road in to the rebel-held are .
 couch surfing a cave in southern jordan <sec> ghassab al-bedoul welcomes overnight guests to his cave in petra .  he listed the cave several years ago on travel site couchsurfing.com .  more than 1,200 people have visited al-bedoul in his hom .
 opinion : a terror group too brutal for al qaeda ? <sec> a syrian rebel group has been disowned by al qaeda .  peter bergen says al qaeda 's central leadership seems put off by the group 's brutality .  the split could weaken al qaeda 's grip in syria , after it made advances there , he says .  bergen : u.s. officials believe more americans have gone to fight vs. the syrian regim .
 louisiana senate race going to runoff <sec> with no candidate reaching the required 50 % threshold , the senate race is headed for a dec. runoff .  sen. mary landrieu will face off against republican rep. bill cassidy .  tuesday 's race was a `` jungle primary '' where candidates from both parties slug it out togethe .
 obama seeks revisions to afghanistan plans , sources say <sec> obama discusses options with war council wednesday afternoon .  one confirmed option calls for sending about 34,000 u.s. troops to afghanistan .  discussions include how afghan president hamid karzai figures into strategy .  obama has not decided the number of u.s. troops he will send , white house officials sa .
 bolivian journalist 's family wants to know who was behind attack <sec> attackers lit fernando vidal on fire during an assault on his radio station .  the 70-year-old is in critical condition .  police have arrested four suspects in the case .  but vidal 's family says there must be a mastermind behind the brutal attac .
 report : integration lags , even as suburban schools add minorities <sec> minorities made up 99 percent of increase in suburban school rolls , study says .  diversity rose , but typical white suburban students attend 75 percent-white schools .  expert : racial differences in schools `` can not exist if schools are racially balanced '' .  most-segregated suburban district lies in suburban chicago , illinois , study find .
 'gay lobby ' behind pope 's resignation ? not likely <sec> benedict xvi not stepping down under pressure from 'gay lobby , ' allen says .  allen : benedict is a man who prefers the life of the mind to the nuts and bolts of government .  however , he says , much of the pope 's time has been spent putting out fire .
 6 major takeways from monica lewinsky 's vanity fair essay - cnnpolitics.com <sec> monica lewinsky has many regrets .  she 's bracing for hillary clinton 2016 .  she had thoughts of suicide .  her `` history '' has cost her job .
 uncertainty troubles nigeria after fuel subsidy strike is halted <sec> new : a heavy military presence is still visible on the streets of lagos .  the nigeria labor congress suspended strikes and protests monday , citing progress .  the nigerian joint action front has called for continued strikes over a fuel subsidy .  president goodluck jonathan announced a reduction in fuel prices on monda .
 death penalty in the united states gradually declining <sec> shortage of lethal injection chemicals contributes to drop in capital punishment .  the number of executions falls below 40 , off 10 percent from last year .  nine states executed inmates in 2013 with texas and florida accounting for most .  the supreme court is not likely to address the issue any time soo .
 u.n. calls on new tunisian government to restore stability <sec> new : u.n. secretary-general is `` extremely concerned '' about ongoing clashes .  police used tear gas on demonstrators monday in tunis .  prime minister mohamed ghannouchi announces a unity government .  weeks of demonstrations have left 78 dead and has cost billions , the government say .
 new michael brown shooting witnesses describe scene <sec> a video shows witnesses reacting to the michael brown shooting .  they describe the teen holding his hands in the air .  their accounts coincide with several other witness descriptions of the shooting .  cnn senior legal analyst says the new video is `` good evidence .
 senate rejects expanded gun background checks <sec> president obama says gun law foes `` willfully lied '' .  major components of obama 's gun proposals fail to win senate approval .  supporters of new gun laws blame the defeats on nra influence in congress .  polls show most americans support expanded background check .
 videos document garner 's last moments <sec> cell phone videos chronicle the events leading up to eric garner 's death .  they show no cpr being performed and a calm scene around an unresponsive garner .  garner accuses officers of harassing him and says : `` this stops today '' .  garner was pronounced dead that day after being restrained by polic .
 samuel eto'o reunited with jose mourinho at chelsea <sec> english club chelsea confirm the signing of cameroon striker samuel eto'o .  eto'o joins from russian club anzhi makhachkala on a one-year contract .  striker spent a season under chelsea coach jose mourinho at inter mila .
 late drama as boca , corinthians reach copa semis <sec> boca juniors reach copa libertadores final after beating fluminense of brazil .  six-time champions advance 2-1 on aggregate through santiago silva 's late goal .  corinthians of brazil reach the last four with a defeat of vasco da gama .  rio de janeiro side trying to win the competition for the first tim .
 police officer shot to death at mall booth in ciudad juarez , mexico <sec> three people tried to rob local government booth that officer was guarding .  gunmen ran away , but police caught them , local journalist says .  violence not thought to be drug-related , police spokesman says .  later , in separate shooting , chase leads to 15-minute gunfight at juarez police statio .
 indonesia to execute 6 for drug offences <sec> six people convicted of drug offenses face imminent execution , says indonesian official .  the condemned , including five foreigners , had their appeals for clemency rejected by the president .  rights groups have slammed the resumption of executions , after an execution-free 201 .
 war affects children in unforeseen ways <sec> more than 2 million children have been separated from a parent in the iraq , afghanistan wars .  even babies can suffer cognitive and developmental problems when a parent goes to war .  counseling is key says mom whose child started banging her head when father left for ira .
 nun , two others in federal court for nuclear breach <sec> three peace activists face trial this week for breaching a nuclear weapons site .  the incident last year took place at the y-12 facility in oak ridge , tennessee .  if convicted , they could face 20 years in priso .
 rooney wonder-goal seals manchester derby win <sec> manchester united beat manchester city 2-1 in the english premier league .  wayne rooney 's spectacular goal means united maintain lead over title rivals .  arsenal defeat wolves 2-0 ; tottenham come from behind to beat sunderland 2-1 .  west ham score three second-half goals to rescue a 3-3 draw at west bro .
 warrant issued for lindsay lohan <sec> los angeles judge issues arrest warrant for troubled actress .  cause uncertain but related to dui convictions , police sergeant says .  lohan known for disney movies and hard partyin .
 judge judy to pound gavel through 2017 <sec> judge judy 's show has been on since 1996 .  her show is now in its 17th season .  she has the most viewers in daytime t .
 tornado rips into new orleans suburb <sec> no injuries reported from a pair of new orleans-area tornadoes .  the twister struck the suburb of kenner , near the city 's airport .  the first was an ef-1 ; the second , an ef- .
 wash , set , and shoot : cop takes on gunman in beauty salon <sec> an off-duty cop getting her hair done stopped an attempted robbery .  kelly says jones showed `` steely courage '' .  the officer had never fired her weapon in the line of duty in 20 years of servic .
 can the u.s. afford health care reform ? <sec> about 50 million americans are without any health insurance .  people losing jobs in the recession also lose health insurance .  government health provision care largely confined to veterans , elderly and poor .  extending government role is health care is politically hot potat .
 obama tours petra on last stop of middle east tour <sec> kerry will meet with netanyahu and abbas , a state department official says .  obama takes a cultural tour of an ancient city before returning to washington .  in a last-minute move , netanyahu calls turkey to apologize -- on obama 's initiative .  jordan has 460,000 syrian refugees with more coming , king abdullah say .
 what is cre ? 'nightmare bacteria ' have killed again <sec> design of medical scopes 'causes challenges for cleaning and high-level disinfection , ' fda says .  cre is not one but a group of bacteria resistant to most antibiotics .  people who get infected are almost always recipients of invasive medical treatment .
 lytro cameras add instagram-like filters and a 3-d effect <sec> lytro cameras capture photos that can be refocused after they 're taken .  new photo filters include a funhouse mirror effect and retro coloring .  lytro images can finally be focused entirely ; perspective-shifting effect has been adde .
 triple amputee takes on world 's most dangerous race <sec> dakar rally begins in peruvian capital on january 5 and finishes 15 days later in chile .  tom neathway is one of five injured military personnel taking part in 8,000-kilometer trek .  british soldier lost both legs and an arm during active duty in afghanistan in 2008 .  he will be taking part as a co-driver , helping with navigation in the south american rac .
 new gunfire erupts in central cairo <sec> several wounded people are taken into cairo square after new gunfire .  the egyptian army ca n't stay on the sidelines , a foreign policy expert says .  an expert says the regime is likely orchestrating the unrest , paying `` rent-a-thugs '' .  state television reports 4 dead , 820-plus wounde .
 va blames 'confusion ' for misstatements about deaths <sec> apology centers on statements made about the number of deaths caused by delayed care .  the va said in a statement to cnn that there was no intent to mislead anyone .  house va committee chair says it appears va sought to mislead congress and the public .  president barack obama signed $ 16 billion va overhaul legislation into la .
 deal or no deal in iran nuclear talks ? <sec> iran 's lead negotiator say a plan will be announced within two weeks , state-run media reports .  announcement comes the end of two days of talks in geneva between the two sides .  the united states says progress was made , but the talks are ongoing .  the u.s. senate has moved toward a veto-proof majority to authorize new sanction .
 navy yard shooting affects people living with mental illness <sec> approximately 60 million american adults experience mental health problems .  the likelihood of violence with mental illness is `` exceptionally small , '' surgeon general says .  author : stigma perpetuated by this tragedy will keep people from reaching out for hel .
 mother of massachusetts teen accused in teacher death issues statement <sec> diana chism says her `` heart is broken '' for the teacher 's family .  her son , philip , has been arrested in the case .  the mother says she is struggling to understand it .  teacher colleen ritzer was killed tuesda .
 soldier arrested in fort knox fatal shooting <sec> new : soldier marquinta e. jacobs arrested in tennessee , charged with murder .  victim , not identified , was shot several times with .45 caliber weapon .  wednesday shooting prompted officials to temporarily lock down the army post .  the incident is `` not a random act of violence , '' an official say .
 'guitar hero ' guru makes music with robots <sec> tod machover is working to improve musical experiences for everyone .  machover 's team at the mit media lab were behind popular game `` guitar hero '' .  personal operas could offer a way for everyone to leave behind their legacy .  machover also sees music as a form of therapy for physically and mentally il .
 judge : u.s. violated rights of those on no-fly list <sec> new : aclu hopes decision will serve as a `` wake-up call '' to the government .  `` no fly '' list is enforced on commercial airline flights .  but a judge says there 's no reasonable way for people to get off of it .  muslim-americans challenged the government in cour .
 cracks found on two american airline 767-300 aircraft <sec> american airlines found cracks on two 767-300 aircraft .  boeing plans to advise airlines to inspect the parts more frequently .  cause is still unknown , testing is underwa .
 usher 's son home from hospital after pool mishap <sec> the 5-year-old was treated for a week at children 's healthcare of atlanta hospital .  `` i do n't know if my son is going to have a brain defect , '' his mother told a judge .  usher raymond v was rescued after being caught in a swimming pool drain .  a judge rejected tameka foster raymond 's emergency request for custody of her son .
 london mayor enters uk-eu debate from davos 'cyclotron of egos ' <sec> london mayor boris johnson believes britain would vote to stay part of eu `` one way or another '' .  prime minister david cameron said he plans to hold a national referendum on membership .  johnson also condemned attempts in europe to build financial trading hubs away from london .  johnson on world economic forum in davos : `` it is this great cyclotron of egos is n't it ? .
 thai military : deadly fighting resumes at thai-cambodian border <sec> a thai military spokesman says another soldier died from the clashes .  military source : unit-level commanders agreed to a cease fire thursday .  ancient temples are at the core of the dispute .  indonesia offers to help resolve the crisi .
 italy captain cannavaro makes shock move to dubai side al ahli <sec> fabio cannavaro signs a two-year deal with uae champions al-ahli .  the move was confirmed on the club 's official web site on wednesday .  the italian captain will join the dubai side after the world cup in south africa .  his contract with juventus had expired and he could not find a new club in ital .
 mom wo n't be forced to have c-section <sec> one woman plans to travel 350 miles to another city in order to avoid a c-section .  hometown hospital says it ca n't meet doctor group 's guidelines for vbacs .  group issued guidelines in 2004 ; since then fewer hospitals willing to do vbacs .  in other cases , patients can ask providers questions to get the birth they wan .
 in spite of everything , haiti 's children still dream and laugh <sec> edwidge danticat says haiti 's children are brave and resilient .  she says they have endured great hardship since the earthquake .  danticat : the survival of haiti rests on the childrens ' shoulders .  cnn report on haiti 's children , `` rescued , '' airs saturday , may 8 at 8 pm e .
 massive demonstration in cairo 's tahrir square <sec> islamists and secular demonstrators are in tahrir square .  elections begin on november 28 .  copts attacked thursday ; injuries reporte .
 manucho helps angola claim first victory <sec> goals from manucho and flavio helped hosts angola move top of africa cup of nations group a with a 2-0 victory over malawi on thursday . .  the victory gave a boost to the tournament which has been overshadowed by togo 's withdrawal last week . .  rafik halliche scored the only goal of the game as algeria registered their fist victory of the tournament with a 1-0 win over mali .
 first dog bo meets white house press corps <sec> portuguese water dog cavorts on south lawn with obama family .  6-month-old pup fulfills president 's campaign promise to daughters .  puppy is gift to obama girls from sen. ted kennedy , who owns several of the dog .
 iran revokes prison sentences against german journalists <sec> new : germany confirms release of reporters .  both men have had their sentences replaced by fines .  they were arrested in october and accused of espionag .
 'edge of tomorrow ' : tom cruise 's next blockbuster ? <sec> tom cruise 's new sci-fi movie is in theaters .  it 's been met with largely positive reviews .  but it may not hold up well against box office competitio .
 palm desert : california 's capital of cool <sec> palm desert is a pedestrian- and biker-friendly town .  the living desert museum holds a collection of california landscape paintings .  pacifica seafood restaurant is known for its fresh fish and its vodka ba .
 delta bans carry-on breast pump , apologizes later <sec> a delta passenger claims a gate agent forced her to check her suitcase .  the agent would n't budge , even after she was told it contained her breast pump .  the airline has since apologize .
 ex-generals say pakistan 's musharraf should be allowed home <sec> musharraf has been living in exile in london and dubai since resigning in 2008 .  he announced plans to return to pakistan later this month .  the current government has warned he faces arrest if he return .
 liverpool and manchester city qualify for europa group stages <sec> liverpool concede early goal in turkey but beat trabzonspor to reach europa league .  big-spending manchester city also qualify for group stages .  aston villa crash out again to austrian side rapid vienna but juventus throug .
