 officers sprang into action to help victims of bridge collapse <sec> sgt . .  ed nelson , 55 , and two fellow police officers were among first to arrive .  nelson : `` it was utter chaos at that time -- bridge smoking , dust in the air '' .  nelson and another officer climbed on top of a piece of broken bridge .  `` you take a calculated risk and you do your job , '' he sai .
 brigitte bardot threatens to spurn france , embrace russia if 2 elephants killed <sec> brigitte bardot says she will request russian citizenship if two elephants are euthanized .  she has urged president hollande to save the elephants , thought to have tuberculosis .  her move comes on the heels of gerard depardieu 's acceptance of a russian passport .  depardieu is angry about french plans to raise taxes on its richest citizen .
 japanese ex-prime minister meets comfort women on s. korea tour <sec> ex-japanese p.m. met former comfort women during three-day visit to south korea .  murayama will not meet the country 's president , who says she 's too busy .  former leader is perhaps best known for his 1995 apology to victims of japanese aggression .  tells korean lawmakers that abe will `` ultimately uphold '' 1995 statemen .
 concerns , security heightened at synagogues in wake of france shooting <sec> new : the jewish community needs to be `` more vigilant , '' the adl chief says .  4 people are shot dead at a jewish school in southern france .  police in new york , san francisco and d.c. increase patrols in jewish areas .  no official in the u.s. has indicated there 's any specific threat targeting jew .
 arsenal back coach wenger as club post six-month profits of $ 78m <sec> arsenal 's chief exec tells club 's fans to back manager arsene wenger .  arsenal battling to finish fourth and qualify for the european champions league .  club post six-month profits of $ 78m to reflect healthy financial position .  english fa charges three players with making alleged homophobic statement .
 at benghazi hearing , state department officials promise quick change <sec> new : some senators want more money for state dept. , others say that 's not the answer .  deputy secretaries of state testify about attack on consulate in benghazi , libya .  a report issued tuesday blamed `` systemic failures in leadership '' at the department .  four americans died in the attack , including ambassador christopher steven .
 amanda bynes gets probation in dui plea deal <sec> amanda bynes is gets 3 years probation , alcohol education class , fine .  the plea deal clears all of the troubled actresses legal issues .  bynes remains in the custody of her parents after 4 months of psychiatric car .
 tennis ace federer aims to help australian flood victims <sec> queensland has been hit by rising flood waters in the past week or so .  tennis stars have already made contributions to the disaster fund .  former world no . .  1 roger federer hopes to stage exhibition this weekend .  he did the same ahead of last year 's australian open for haiti earthquake appea .
 volunteers search for oregon boy kyron horman , missing since 2010 <sec> more than 100 volunteers and 10 dog teams search for kyron horman .  desiree young , kyron 's mother , says the search was successful .  kyron went missing on june 4 , 2010 , when he was 7 years old .  no one has been charged in kyron 's disappearanc .
 senate approves budget , sends to obama - cnnpolitics.com <sec> nine senate republicans join democrats in backing the budget plan .  legislators call for restoring plan 's cuts to future military pension benefits .  president barack obama is expected to sign the compromise .  the house overwhelmingly passed the spending plan last wee .
 rubio courts jim demint loyalists ahead of 2016 <sec> marco rubio is meeting with influential conservatives in south carolina .  the florida senator is considering a presidential bid for 2016 .  south carolina is a key early primary state for presidential nominating contest .
 barcelona land chilean star sanchez from udinese <sec> alexis sanchez joins barcelona from serie a udinese in big money deal .  sanchez was voted serie a best player of the year last season .  joan capdevila goes to benfica from villarreal on a two-year deal .  ronald koeman has returned to football as the new coach of dutch side feyenoor .
 controversy erupts over campus republicans bake sale plans <sec> uc berkeley campus republicans plan to charge for baked goods according to race .  lewis : sale makes a statement about pending california legislation .  wise : sale is a `` sarcastic and rather smarmy slap at people of color .
 are travel agents making a comeback ? <sec> study finds 46 percent of travelers enjoyed using web to book travel this year .  some web-reliant travelers are shifting to brick-and-mortar travel agent model .  travel agents often specialize in certain countries or tours for complex itineraries .  despite recession , expedia had a 22 percent air transaction growth last quarte .
 edgar m. bronfman sr. , ex-seagram ceo , jewish philanthropist , dies <sec> edgar m. bronfman sr. , who championed jewish causes , dies at age 84 .  he led the seagram company , started by his father , for 23 years .  he visited the soviet union in 1970 to advocate for jews there .  president bill clinton awarded him the presidential medal of freedo .
 'dragon age ii ' offers fantasy thrills <sec> `` dragon age ii '' thrills with new distinctive artwork , descriptive speech mechanic .  combat system that feels intuitive and destructive at the same time .  story begins with a family fleeing from the blight to showcase another angl .
 japan as you 've never seen it before <sec> photographer asako narahashi has taken a series of photos showing water and land .  evocative images taken over a period of years at various locations across japan .  after the 2011 tsunami she questioned whether she could continue taking those photo .
 islamabad summons a top u.s. envoy over drone strike <sec> u.s. charge d'affaires richard hoagland is summoned , pakistan government says .  hoagland was given a letter of protest , it said . .  `` this is simply unacceptable , '' prime minister nawaz sharif said of the drone strike .
 photos : from puppies to camels , animals enjoy a good snow <sec> see cats , dogs , camels and birds enjoying the winter weather .  submit your own wintry animal photos at cnn ireport .  also check out our gallery of beautiful ice formation .
 samsung likely to unveil new galaxy note on sept. 4 <sec> samsung expected to unveil new galaxy note on sept. 4 .  invitation to berlin event says to `` note '' the date .  the company 's note line leads a bigger-screen categor .
 israeli ex-foreign minister avigdor liberman acquitted <sec> prime minister benjamin netanyahu congratulates liberman on his acquittal .  netanyahu has held liberman 's post open since liberman 's resignation .  liberman resigned in december amid allegations of breach of trust and fraud .  he has said he did not violate any law .
 house republicans meeting with obama called 'very useful ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> white house hopes talks let it know what gop wants , democratic source says .  the white house describes the meeting with gop house members as `` good '' .  republican rep. cantor says there will be `` discussions on both sides '' .  `` we want to move quickly , '' a house republican say .
 3 in custody in l.a.-area brush fire that destroys two homes <sec> new : police identify three men arrested in connection with fire .  three men in 20s toss paper in campfire , then a gust of wind blows .  `` breeze kicked up , and that 's what caused this fire , '' police chief says .  police make arrests after receiving call about men suspiciously leaving fir .
 want to change africa ? let 's do it ourselves ! <sec> tanzanian-born social activist rakesh rajani calls himself `` a broker of ideas '' .  he founded non-profit twaweza , which means `` we can make it happen '' in swahili .  rajani believes there needs to be a `` ground up '' movement brought about by locals .  he also says as africa continues to rise , young people mus n't be left behin .
 ac milan advance despite brave arsenal fightback at emirates <sec> milan advance 4-3 on aggregate against arsenal in champions league .  arsenal win second leg 3-0 at the emirates in superb comeback .  arsenal led 3-0 at halftime but could not add to their tally .  benfica beat zenit st petersburg 2-0 to win 4-3 on aggregat .
 tivo goes after cord-cutters with post-aereo device <sec> tivo unveils the roamio ota dvr to record network shows .  the device is $ 50 with a $ 15 monthly service fee .  it also records web content like netflix and youtube .  ota rolls out two months after supreme court ruled against aere .
 police investigate whether man 's legs severed to fit in coffin <sec> at 6'5 '' , former employee says james hines was too tall for coffin after death in 2004 .  employee told authorities that funeral home took extreme measures to make him fit .  officials exhume body tuesday , find `` undesirable evidence , '' county coroner says .  cave funeral services employee would not commen .
 opinion : israel , u.s. -- stop dissing each other over iran <sec> frida ghitis : u.s. , israel on same side on iran but are at bitter odds on nuclear negotiations .  she says netanyahu says u.s. falling into trap ; obama says u.s. trying for peace , security .  she says israel has legitimate existential concerns over nukes in iran , wants strong deal .  ghitis : lest they strengthen their enemies , u.s. , israel need to defend their allianc .
 cia toyed with idea of osama bin laden doll <sec> the cia developed prototypes for an osama bin laden action figure in 2005 .  the agency received help from former head of hasbro , who helped develop g.i . .  joe .  the scary dolls were meant to turn afghan children against the al qaeda leade .
 top aide : gadhafi 's 'suicidal ' flight to birthplace <sec> mansour daou was one of moammar gadhafi 's top security officials .  daou describes how the former libyan dictator was forced to scavenge for food .  gadhafi spent his final days writing and reading books he had packed in suitcases .  daou : gadhafi became desperate to travel to his birthplace , the village of jare .
 de blasio grapples with police shootings - cnnpolitics.com <sec> critics slam mayor bill de blasio for rhetoric , blaming it for inciting violence against police .  former mayor rudy giuliani called the `` intense , anti-police hatred '' .  two nypd officer were gunned down this weekend while on patrol in brookly .
 the surprising comeback of train travel <sec> in the past 10 to 15 years , passenger rail has seen a resurgence in ridership .  nearly 31.6 million passengers , a record , boarded amtrak trains in 2013 .  rail comeback led by increase in train travel in northeast , midwest and western u.s .
 best economy-class innovations <sec> airlines are introducing amenities and getting creative to lure budget-minded travelers .  lan chile will use brand-new 787s with state-of-the-art air filters and cooling .  other airlines are changing their seat structure to be more comfortabl .
 the osama bin laden documents <sec> seventeen declassified documents seized in the abbottabad raid released .  the combating terrorism center says the documents are all electronic or draft letters .  click the links to read each documen .
 what 's in a name ? clues to be found in next pope 's moniker <sec> the name chosen by the new pope could signal his outlook for the papacy .  past names can carry a message of conservatism or openness to reform .  benedict xvi meant his choice of name to be unifying .  no pope is likely to pick peter -- in part because of a centuries ' old prophec .
 bush 's spokeswoman ready to leave the stage <sec> white house spokeswoman dana perino gave last news briefing friday .  perino , 36 , succeeded tony snow , is only second woman to hold post .  perino plans six-week vacation , will volunteer with hiv/aids relief program in afric .
 'no land alternative ' prompts bin laden sea burial <sec> administration official says burial conformed to islamic requirements .  religion professor : rites followed some requirements , but questions remain .  religious rites were conducted on the carrier uss carl vinson .  bin laden 's body was wrapped in white sheet , laid on a board , and tipped into the se .
 vanessa mae appeals against skiing ban <sec> vanessa mae is appealing her four year ban from international skiing competitions .  the star violinist competed at the 2014 winter olympics using her father 's surname vanakorn .  mae has lodged an appeal with the court of arbitration for sport .  the 36-year-old was found guilty of involvent in manipulating results at her final olympic qualifying even .
 winchester : where america became exceptional <sec> simon winchester : america 's military patrols the world , unlike that of any other nation .  he says the belief in american exceptionalism goes back to the frontier days .  americans saw themselves as tamers of an uncharted , untamed wilderness , he says .  winchester : vladimir putin could learn a lot about exceptionalism if he studied u.s. histor .
 former mexican president favors legalizing drugs <sec> vicente fox says legalizing drugs is best way to destabilize the drug cartels .  fox was president of mexico from 2000-2006 .  his successor has taken the approach of fighting the drug cartels head-o .
 3 dead in northern nigeria on eve of governorship elections <sec> new : all three fatalities came from a single bomb blast .  governorship elections slated for tuesday .  police blame boko haram , an islamist sect , for the attack .
 iran : 'axis of evil ' to last hope for mideast <sec> u.s. is aligning `` awkwardly '' with iran as iraq crisis escalates , says arezo yazd .  improvement in u.s-iran relations may be only silver-lining to crisis , she adds .  yazd : opportunity for partnership exists in iran 's budding technology market .  possibility of u.s. changing sanctions policy regarding iran arouses excitement , she say .
 montana teacher dead days after going missing during run , 2 detained <sec> new : one man , 47 , is being held in arnold 's case in north dakota , a police chief says .  new : another man , 22 , is being `` detained for questioning '' in south dakota , he says .  sherry arnold was a teacher with the sidney public schools in eastern montana .  she had last been seen six days ago out on a morning ru .
 pkk chief calls for end to fighting in turkey <sec> kurds make up about a fifth of turkey 's population .  since 1984 , the militant kurdistan workers ' party ( pkk ) has fought the turkish government .  now , the leader of the pkk says it 's time for the fighting to sto .
 prince harry falls off horse at polo match <sec> prince harry was playing in charity polo match .  he pitched headfirst off his horse but was not hurt .  event was to help charity for aids sufferers in lesotho , south africa .  harry is third in line to the british thron .
 can apple keep the iphone app store clean ? <sec> reports say iphone app posted nude photo of 15-year-old girl .  apple approves mobile phone applications before posting them .  some say it is impossible for apple to filter out all objectionable material .  legal expert : apple and developers unlikely to be held liable for user-posted conten .
 severe storms , tornadoes lash southeast <sec> new : eight unconfirmed tornadoes spotted along north carolina 's i-85 corridor .  metal roofing ripped off an industrial building west of charlotte .  tornado damaged 20 homes near high point , north carolina .  tornado in mecklenburg county damaged a mobile home , toppled tree .
 women 's groups slam turkey 's erdogan for sexist remarks <sec> women 's rights groups are angry over remarks by turkish president .  erdogan says women and men are not equal `` because their nature is different '' .  women need `` to be equivalent , rather than equal , '' he says , saying they can not do all jobs .  rights groups accuse erdogan of trying to erode rights attained by women decades ag .
 analysis : why gun controls are off the agenda in america <sec> after colorado shootings , neither obama nor romney talked about gun laws .  mann : even after the rampage , american attitudes and laws are n't likely to change much .  americans are most heavily armed people per capita , with yemen a distant second .  mann : world thinks of u.s. when apparently ordinary people use guns for grotesque violenc .
 el clasico : more than a game <sec> fans of real madrid and barcelona preview saturday 's el clasico .  barcelona travel to madrid four points clear of real with five league games left .  let us know your thoughts on the two clubs and the match in the sound of .
 3 kurdish women political activists shot dead in paris <sec> turkish government spokesman condemns the killings as `` utterly wrong '' .  the slain women are sakine cansiz , leyla sonmez and fidan dogan , pro-kurdish party says .  `` i can not describe my sadness , '' a kurdish activist says of one victim 's death .  analyst says the killings can be seen in the context of talks in turkey with kurdish leader .
 world outraged by north korea 's latest nuke test <sec> north korea conducts second nuclear test , angering world governments .  emergency meeting of u.n. security council called .  north also tested a short-range missile , white house says .  u.s. says nuclear test was in `` blatant defiance '' of the security counci .
 avian flu suspected at missouri facility <sec> probable case of bird flu found during routine testing at southwest missouri facility .  poultry facility is under quarantine during investigation .  state says it is extremely rare for humans to be affected by this type of bird flu .  cargill corp. says it will euthanize up to 15,000 turkey .
 undocumented immigrants line up for relief from deportation <sec> arizona 's governor orders state agencies to bar benefits to program recipients .  thousands line up at legal help centers to fill up applications .  the program gives those who arrived in u.s. as undocumented children the right to work .  it does not `` provide lawful status '' or a path to citizenship , authorities sa .
 australian open : li na feels the heat , record-breaker serena williams <sec> li na saves match point to reach the fourth round of the australian open .  the fourth seed says the conditions in melbourne are the toughest she 's ever played in .  serena williams win a record 61st match at the year 's opening grand slam .  in the men 's draw , defending champ novak djokovic and david ferrer march o .
 'dragon tattoo ' sequel wo n't be released in 2013 , still in the works <sec> `` the girl who played with fire '' will not be in theaters late next year .  `` dragon tattoo '' screenwriter steven zaillian is still working on the script .  rooney mara and daniel craig are both locked in for the seque .
 q & a : silvio berlusconi 's legal woes <sec> prosecutors allege that berlusconi paid for sex with a 17-year-old nightclub dancer .  berlusconi has said the dancer had been introduced as a 24-year-old .  italian pm says the allegations are politically motivated .  berlusconi also faces charges of bribing lawyer for favorable testimony in legal case .
 buemi lands red bull reserve role <sec> swiss driver sebastien buemi will serve as red bull 's reserve and test driver in 2012 .  the 23-year-old had raced for red bull 's sister team toro rosso since 2009 .  buemi will act as back up for two-time champion sebastian vettel and mark webbe .
 u.n. forces fire on gbagbo loyalists in the ivory coast <sec> forces loyal to laurent gbagbo attack the golf hotel , a u.n. official says .  the french mission was to evacuate diplomatic staff in abidjan .  french forces came under fire from gbagbo loyalists .  some semblance of normalcy is returning in abidja .
 5 healthy food trends worth following <sec> `` flexitarians '' eat a mostly plant-based diet but sometimes add animal protein .  the number of local farmers ' markets has more than doubled in the last decade .  `` functional foods , '' those enriched with extra nutrients , can fill dietary gaps .  studies : organic produce contains more nutrients than traditionally grown food .
 number of measles cases growing , california says <sec> number of measles cases in california has grown to 68 , public health officials say .  48 of those cases have been linked to california disneyland , they sai .
 with hawaii and illinois , u.s. crosses a same-sex marriage mark <sec> more than 1 in 3 americans live where same-sex marriage is or will be legal .  hawaii and illinois are the latest with hawaii 's law taking effect next month .  16 states and d.c. have legal same-sex marriage ; others ban it , except new mexico .  public support for it has doubled since 1996 to 53 % of american .
 bounty hunter says he will sue casey anthony <sec> leonard padilla says he is seeking $ 200,000 .  padilla helped in the search for caylee and bonded casey anthony out of jail .  padilla says he feels conned after watching antony 's trial .  `` they misled me , and it is definitely fraud , '' padilla say .
 immigration reform needed for u.s. economy and for haiti <sec> cheryl little says giving protected status to haitian immigrants was wise .  she says such status was not granted in earlier disasters .  little says further immigration changes would aid haiti 's effort to recover from quake .  a comprehensive immigration reform bill would be a major step forward , she say .
