 rubio : syrians must feel u.s. support <sec> marco rubio : u.s. must step in with more assistance or other actors will fill void .  he says obama 's slowness to act to end bloodshed risks increasing instability in region .  he says u.s. should help moderates get ammunition and training to oust al-assad .  rubio : u.s. should back opposition ; the syrian people will remember u.s. hel .
 renault refer nelson piquet jr. to police <sec> renault commence legal action against nelson piquet jr over race-fixing claim .  team boss flavio briatore also accuses driver of `` blackmailing '' renault .  allegations refer to fernando alonso 's 2008 singapore grand prix victory .  renault to face findings of fia investigation into incident on september 2 .
 india , pakistan meet over kashmir clash <sec> pakistan : fighting began after indian soldiers crossed the line of control .  india accused pakistan of attacking one of its patrols , killing a soldier .  firefight took place across the line of control border in disputed kashmir regio .
 usher 's ex-wife cites son 's pool mishap in custody bid <sec> new : usher raymond says his son is `` doing well and is recovering '' .  tameka foster accuses usher of being gone 85 % of the time .  his aunt and a housekeeper noticed the child was stuck in the pool 's drain , police say .  sound technician eugene stachurski rescued the child and used cpr to revive hi .
 pregnant and addicted , mothers in south carolina find hope <sec> serenity place in south carolina caters treatment programs to pregnant addicts .  south carolina has been known to prosecute women in their third trimester .  a pregnant ashley hendrix sought treatment earlier this year for her addiction .  `` if these women do n't get this treatment , they are going to die , '' a counselor say .
 lpga championship : inbee park retains title in playoff <sec> inbee park wins her fifth major title with playoff win at lpga championship .  south korea retains her title , having also won at a playoff last year .  she says her victory , at first extra hole , makes up for british open disappointment .  colombia 's camilo villegas heads into men 's fedex cup playoffs with victor .
 dinner and a show in portland 's pearl district <sec> check out pacific northwest college of art 's annual student art sale .  settle in to watch a play at the renovated gerding theater at the armory .  stop for dinner at 50 plates , a casual bistro serving all-american classic .
 cannes chaos : man fires blanks , sends actors , onlookers running <sec> a man fired two rounds from a starter pistol on a canal+ set in cannes , police say .  christoph waltz and daniel auteuil were doing a live interview at the time .  canal+ anchor tells viewers : `` the shots fired were blanks and the grenade was fake .
 bayern munich steamroller werder bremen in seven-goal bundesliga rout <sec> bayern munich thrash werder bremen 7-0 .  franck ribery stars with two goals and assists .  record 40th unbeaten match for european champions .  bayer leverkusen beat borussia dortmund 1-0 to stay secon .
 cnn student news - february 20 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call . .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 cnn student news - march 23 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 pep guardiola reveals bayern munich tensions <sec> pep guardiola says bayern munich must decide if he is right coach for job .  guardiola has faced criticism recently for his tactics .  the spaniard wants to stay at bayern for next season .  karl hopfner succeeds uli houness as bayern club presiden .
 mcilroy wants putting saga sorted <sec> world no.1 rory mcilroy wants uniformity over putter ban proposal .  the pga tour opposes the proposed ban of anchored putting in golf .  the usga and r & a plan to outlaw the technique by 2016 .  pga tour says there is no evidence that using the `` belly putter '' offers an advantag .
 u.s. was born a christian nation <sec> robert knight disputes ideas in opinion piece by will bunch about glenn beck , david barton .  bunch rejected idea of u.s. ' christian roots , but there 's evidence for it , knight says .  moses shown on some supreme court friezes ; some founders wrote of christian principles .  knight : u.s. unique in advancing individual rights because of its christian ethi .
 fueling cars with waste <sec> cellulosic ethanol can be made from wood , grasses or the waste parts of plants .  ineos bio is set to start commercial production of ethanol from waste products .  production must become more economical if cellulosic ethanol is to succee .
 messy mix of snow , rain on the menu for thanksgiving travelers <sec> 735 flights canceled , over 4,600 delayed , flightaware.com reports .  about 46 million people expected to travel for holiday , the most since 2007 .  east coast travelers get hit by snow .  airlines waive rebooking charges for traveler .
 china attacks rights groups ' accounts of tibetan violence <sec> a clash between tibetan protesters and chinese police leaves at least one person dead .  china 's official news agency and tibetan rights groups offer conflicting versions of events .  a chinese government official accuses the rights groups of trying to `` distort the truth '' .  the clash comes after a string of self-immolations by tibetan protesters in recent month .
 u.s. expels 2 venezuelan diplomats <sec> new : us . .  official : `` our people are thrown out unjustly , we 're going to take reciprocal action '' .  new : working together is `` going to take a change of tone from caracas , '' she says .  two venezuelan diplomats are expelled from the united states .  the move comes after two u.s. officials were expelled from venezuel .
 u.n. cites 'a slow but steady exodus ' of iraqi christians <sec> growing number of arrivals in nearby countries .  christians are also heading to kurdish region , nineveh plains .  u.n. says fleeing christians need international protectio .
 student infected with rare bacteria making progress <sec> `` she appears to be remembering ... different conversations , '' father says .  blood drives are launched in several communities for aimee copeland .  she has been on life support since may .
 dubai artist highlights tradition amid the glitz <sec> zeinab al hashemi is an emirati mixed-media visual artist based in dubai .  the 25-year-old specialized in multimedia design at zayed university in the uae .  this year she became one of the first female artists-in-residence at art dubai .  she draws upon emirati culture to create contemporary installation .
 boat driver in hudson river crash gets 2-year term <sec> jojo john crashed a speedboat into a barge in july 2013 , killing two boat passengers .  prosecutors say he was under the influence of alcohol and drugs when the crash occurred .  the crash victims were bride-to-be lindsey stewart and mark lennon , her fiance 's best ma .
 is 2012 the year to hang up the phone ? <sec> bob greene : there is growing chorus of officials , employers urging less cell phone use .  he says ntsb warns against use in cars ; bosses pushing back on personal calls at work .  he says cell-phone distractions even affect surgeons and nurses ; cut productivity .  greene : it may be impossible to take people 's freedom of cell use away from the .
 gop , do n't blow it with florida 's latinos <sec> ruben navarrette : florida 's latino population is booming , and more diverse than ever .  navarrette : obama administration has given gop an opening to gain hispanic vote .  republicans ' rejection of dream act , pandering to `` base '' alienates latinos , he writes .  he says republicans need to offer more than silliness , sound bites , simple solution .
 dhoni slams featherbed pitch after colombo draw <sec> second test between sri lanka and india in colombo ends in high-scoring draw .  indian captain mahendra singh dhoni slams the featherbed pitch .  sri lanka lead the series 1-0 going into third and final test next week .  new : james anderson takes five wickets as pakistan collapse against englan .
 art movies tropical paradise <sec> lynn smith used to work in the movie industry in london .  she changed her career to become an artist in mauritiu .
 occupy roundup : arrests , evacuations and a serenade <sec> singer performs tune about the occupy movement at the apec dinner .  doctors administer free flu shots in new york park .  oakland police issue a third notice for demonstrators to vacate city parks .  portland police make more than 50 arrest .
 oprah on her battle with weight <sec> oprah winfrey has launched series to help you live your best life .  a thyroid problem lead to a weight gain and other health problems , she writes .  she says her stress and frustration led to more eating .  after a friend pointed out her depression , she took positive step .
 aaron hernandez charged in 2012 double homicide <sec> attorney says fathers of two men killed pleased that case is moving forward .  sister of victim in other hernandez case says indictment shocked her .  two men were shot to death near a boston nightclub in 2012 .  associate of hernandez appears in court in different case , enters not guilty ple .
 kidnapped girls to go free ? boko haram wo n't confirm <sec> nigeria 's government said the deal to release the girls was part of a ceasefire agreement .  boko haram has not confirmed the deal , and continuing battles have been tied to them .  experts have doubts the deal will materialize ; they say seeing is believing .  militants kidnapped some 276 girls in april and are believe to be holding some 200 of the .
 gerrard denies nightclub assault charges <sec> liverpool captain steven gerrard denies assault charges in court on friday .  alleged incident came hours after gerrard scored twice in win at newcastle .  gerrard pleaded not guily and will return to the court in southport on march 2 .
 eric holder becomes an activist attorney general <sec> attorney general aggressively pushing civil rights and social justice issues .  the move could help change his legacy as obama 's top law enforcement official .  same-sex marriage , sentencing guidelines , voting rights for felons are key issue .
 demi lovato drops tour for 'emotional and physical ' treatment <sec> new : an `` altercation '' with a tour dancer preceded lovato 's decision , source says .  new : source denies lovato fought with ashley greene .  jonas brothers will not replace lovato on their tour .  lovato checks into an inpatient facility for treatmen .
 best of oman <sec> the chedi muscat hotel claims its infinity pool is the longest pool in oman .  six sense zighy bay offers a unique way to get to your room : parasailing from a rocky overlook 1,000 feet above the resort .  shuwa is a lamb with rice dish typically served as a feast only on omani holidays and special occasion .
 justices rule for drug makers in vaccine dispute <sec> the supreme court decides in favor of drug manufacturers .  the case can not be heard outside of a special court created for such cases , the justices rule .  the bruesewitz family said a vaccine severely injured their infant daughte .
 imagine a moon base in 2069 <sec> architects , designers show their ideas for lunar colony in 2069 .  wild , crazy , impossible designs include international sports stadium , giant solar collector .  contest was exercise to combine architecture with engineering .  illustration for one design was inspired by 1982 film `` tron .
 gerda taro : the forgotten war photographer you should know <sec> who are the female war photographers risking their lives for the perfect shot ? .  pulitzer prize winning photojournalist shot dead covering afghanistan election .  new book explores gerda taro , first female war photographer killed on job .  taro took many images attributed to lover and photographer robert cap .
 doomsday preacher admits : i was wrong <sec> christian broadcaster harold camping predicted the end of the world would begin may 21 .  `` we humbly acknowledge we were wrong , '' he writes .  camping also says he is out of the forecasting gam .
 france pledges $ 730m to head off caribbean riots <sec> french guadeloupe hit by month of sometimes violent protests .  strikes over low wages , living conditions hit businesses , utilities .  french pm : crisis linked to lifelessness of the economy in the antilles .  sarkozy : death of trade union activist during unrest unrelated to crisi .
 why the korean war still matters <sec> a brutal civil war 60 years ago drew the alliances that exist today .  north korea has threatened to end armistice in the past .  war killed more than 2 million koreans , separated thousands of familie .
 john williams : 'star wars ' composer takes a break <sec> oscar-winning composer john williams steps aside from 2016 's `` star wars : rogue one '' .  williams will also be absent on steven spielberg 's next movie , for the first time in three decades .  williams ' music will still be heard on `` star wars : the force awakens '' in decembe .
 man leaves $ 1,000 tip for dog 's surgery <sec> a customer left christina summitt a $ 1,000 tip .  he told her to put it toward her dog 's surgery .  `` good people do exist , '' summitt sai .
 move over iphone : in china , it 's cool to call on 'xiaomi ' <sec> analyst : china is set to surpass the u.s. this year as the top smartphone market .  three of the top five selling smartphone brands are local chinese makers .  lenovo , coolpad and huawei smartphones all outsell apple 's iphone in china .  xiaomi brand smartphone has become a cult favorite among chinese tech geek .
 obese may be less likely to survive pancreatic cancer <sec> obese pancreatic cancer patients twice as likely to have recurrence or die .  median survival is half as long for patients with bmi over 35 than for bmi under 23 .  researcher : `` it 's not just the tumor that is different , it 's the environment ... '' .  obesity is associated with worse outcomes in other types of tumors to .
 4 killed in okla. crash involving college softball team <sec> new : the four victims were young women 18-20 years old .  the tractor-trailer crossed the median into the opposing lane of traffic on i-35 .  the bus carried 15 female students and one male coach .  11 were taken to hospital , including truck driver ; 2 injured were taken via helicopte .
 white house revises contraception opt out - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama administration announces revisions to contraception policy .  action follows supreme court issuing temporary order for religious school in illinoi .
 honduras leader orders troops into prison after fight , damning report <sec> honduras ' president orders troops to take control of the national penitentiary .  this follows a fight there that , a report says , left three dead and 15 wounded .  a report claims inmates have `` internal control '' of all nation 's prison .
 suicide bomber kills 45 at afghanistan volleyball game <sec> suicide bomber sets off explosives at a volleyball match , killing at least 45 people .  an attack at a volleyball match in pakistan left 30 people dead in 2010 .  attack comes as parliament approves nato staying in afghanistan past 201 .
 war zone wedding : gaza couple marry at u.n. shelter <sec> omar abu namar , 30 , and heba fayad , 23 , were married in ceremony at unrwa shelter .  the couple moved to the gaza shelter after their homes in beit lahiya were destroyed .  unrwa paid for the couple to spend their first few nights as husband and wife in a hote .
 2013 : energy issues on front burner <sec> public attitudes shifted on key energy issues in 2012 .  sheril kirshenbaum says controversy has grown over natural gas fracking boom .  she says climate change , renewable energy are likely to be on agenda for 2013 .  kirshenbaum : a turbulent year has increased public interest in energy issue .
 sterling scandal : nba commissioner adam silver 's moment to shine <sec> the donald sterling controversy was adam silver 's first major test as nba commissioner .  analyst : silver handled the scandal over sterling 's racist comments `` spectacularly '' .  a key part of silver 's philosophy : no individual is greater than the team .  silver grew up as a new york knicks fan and has worked for the nba for 22 year .
 u.s. ramping up ebola effort as obama heads to cdc <sec> u.s. significantly increasing support to ebola response in africa .  military planning facilities that could house 1,700 additional beds .  obama announcing new military support at the cdc tuesday .  white house facing unconnected ebola and isis crise .
 guarding the u.s.-mexico border , live from suburban new york <sec> blueservo.net lets users watch live video from 15 cameras on texas-mexico border .  texas put $ 2 million into project to prevent crime and illegal immigration .  critics say cameras are ineffective ; only four arrests reported since november .  site user : `` it 's no different than watching 'everybody loves raymond ' reruns .
 bush casts wide net for marine conservation <sec> bush designates 9 sites in 3 areas of central pacific as marine national monuments .  sites include wake , johnston , palmyra , baker , howland , jarvis , marianas islands .  rose atoll , kingman reef also designated ; new areas cover 195,280 square miles .  new designations will expand protection to a 50 nautical mile area off the island .
 zetas ' founder sentenced to 35 years <sec> jaime gonzalez duran was one of the original zetas .  he was a bodyguard and hit man for the gulf cartel .  it was the third sentence against hi .
 bionic hands controlled by iphone app <sec> jason koger 's hands were amputated after a four-wheeler accident .  bionic hand users can customize different grips -- holding a pool stick , for example .  `` for the first time in five years , i can hold my daughter 's hand , '' koger say .
 creigh deeds : 'the system failed my son ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sen. creigh deeds was stabbed multiple times by his son , gus .  `` i turned my back ... and he was just on me , '' deeds tells `` 60 minutes '' .  he says he hopes other families do n't have to suffer what his ha .
 israel moves tanks , austria moves out as fighting rages near golan <sec> israel expresses concern over austrian pullout from golan heights force .  two u.n. peacekeepers wounded amid fighting between syrian government , rebels .  the clashes occurred in quneitra , near the israeli-occupied golan heights .  the israeli military says it is trying to prevent spillove .
 review : gavin degraw 's 'sweeter ' <sec> gavin degraw 's fourth full-length album is called `` sweeter '' .  half the album is weighed down by painfully mopey , girl-done-left-me blues .  `` sweeter '' comes out on september 2 .
 skype app for ps vita announced <sec> skype will be available through the playstation store tuesday in north america .  the skype app will use the vita 's front and rear cameras for video calling .  ps vita already has voice chat and text chat through its built-in party applicatio .
 boko haram still holding nigerian schoolgirls captive <sec> the girls were abducted from their dormitories in northeastern nigeria on april 14 .  some of the girls managed to escape their abductors .  parents accuse military , state authorities of playing politics with the lives of their childre .
 larry king ends his record-setting run on cnn <sec> larry king amassed 6,120 shows in cnn 's archives over 25 years .  he fought back tears several times and ended his show with `` instead of a goodbye , how about so long '' .  king will next work on special projects for cn .
 guardian 's greenwald blasts rep. king 's accusations in nsa case <sec> u.s. rep. peter king , r-new york , calls for glenn greenwald to face criminal charges .  `` this is a very unusual case with life and death implications , '' king says .  greenwald denies threatening to leak the names of cia agents .  he describes king 's allegations as `` outright falsehoods .
 129 inmates escape mexican prison near u.s. border <sec> new : the prison break is a `` severe blow , '' a security analyst says .  president : more than 1,000 inmates have escaped from state prisons in six years .  three prison officials have been detained in connection with the escape .  inmates used a tunnel , then cut a fence monday at the prison in piedras negra .
