 177 pounds lighter , yo-yo dieter reaches goal weight <sec> kia horton , 38 , went from 319 pounds to 142 pounds .  horton runs and does a morning workout daily .  she recently started working for weight watchers as a receptionist .  do you have a weight loss success story ? .  share it with cnn irepor .
 4 reasons gov . rick perry is in trouble in texas <sec> texas gov . .  rick perry has been indicted on accusations he abused his power .  charges stem from his threat to cut program run by a local da unless she resigned .  both perry and the da got mug shots -- hers for drunk driving charge .  but while she 's back at work , he has to defend himself against felony charge .
 malaysia airlines avoids ukraine , but flies over syria ? <sec> mh4 was headed from kuala lumpur to london .  it passed over syria on sunday , an air traffic tracking company said .  malaysia airlines defended the path , saying it was internationally approved airspac .
 santa monica gunman left note apologizing for killing father , brother <sec> police are n't disclosing how zawahri obtained guns used in rampage .  slain gunman john zawahri hopes his father 's estate will support his mother .  the handwritten letter `` was more of a farewell , '' police chief says .  u.s. justice department said he was ineligible to buy a weapon in 2011 , police sa .
 arab idol tries to make it in america <sec> mohammed assaf won 2013 arab idol show .  now touring in the u.s. with other arab idol contestants .  assaf is from gaza and hopes he can inspire other .
 turkey blasts french passage of genocide law <sec> the french senate passed a law criminalizing the denial of genocide .  turkey says muslim turks were also massacred by armenian militias .  armenia 's foreign minister : `` this day will be written in gold .
 judge orders extradition of former 'survivor ' producer <sec> new : defense lawyers say they will appeal the extradition decision .  judge orders extradition of suspect to mexico .  bruce beresford-redman is charged with killing his wife at a cancun resort in 2010 .  the former reality tv producer has been jailed in los angeles while fighting extraditio .
 water main break under control in baltimore suburb <sec> water is safe to drink ; pressure has been restored .  residents say water damaged vehicles , homes and left sewage smell .  72-inch main shut down after about two hours , county official says .  nearly 1,000 were without power , according to baltimore gas and electri .
 raqqa , syria , is new target for coalition airstrikes <sec> more than 40 were killed in clashes across syria , observers say .  at least 30 airstrikes target raqqa overnight , according to opposition activist group .  attacks mark increase in activity in raqqa , which isis had made its de facto capita .
 obama announces $ 5 billion in research grants <sec> new : program aims to fight cancer , stimulate the economy , obama says .  president announces $ 5 billion in grants to support critical research projects .  money will come from american recovery and reinvestment act fund .
 spain arrests eight suspects linked to al qaeda <sec> group was sending fighters to syria , authorities say .  suspects were rounded up in raids early frida .
 rice , klein : education keeps america safe <sec> condoleezza rice and joel klein : education essential to america 's strength , yet nation lags .  they say education also key to national security ; human capital important in world competitivess .  they say knowledge of the world , u.s. civics , foreign languages crucial for leadership .  writers : u.s. must expand core standards , offer school choice , teach languages , computer skill .
 in 2013 , democracy talks back about state of the union <sec> presidents are required to report on the state of the union .  for a long time , reports were delivered in writing ; today there is a speech .  bob greene : new element is that citizens can immediately talk back with their views .  twitter users were posting tens of thousands of messages a minut .
 country singer slim whitman dies <sec> country music singer slim whitman died at 90 wednesday .  the cause was heart failure .  the yodeling singer gained fame in europe as well as in the u.s .
 rubio huddles with supporters as 2016 looms - cnnpolitics.com <sec> marco rubio has the campaign organization ready to run for president , an aide tells cnn .  he told supporters at a two-day meeting in miami he plans to decide sooner rather than later .  aides say they 're not concerned about his role in the immigration reform effort in 201 .
 tunisia 's leaders 'have failed the dignity revolution ' <sec> tunisia triggered the revolution across the middle east when a fruit-seller set fire to himself .  three years on , the economic situation is dire and human rights continue to be violated .  blogger lina ben mhenni says she is harassed for expressing her views on that situation .  but she remains hopeful as tunisians continue to fight for their dream of freedo .
 obama : waiting will make immigration executive action 'more sustainable ' <sec> obama says he wants public to know `` what the facts are on immigration '' .  white house official : delay is to prevent election grandstanding .  president obama has been weighing ways to change immigration system on his own .  pro-immigration reform groups express disappointment in dela .
 obama says bin laden had 'support network ' in pakistan <sec> president obama says osama bin laden had a support network within pakistan .  pakistani authorities need to investigate how bin laden hid in their country , aide says .  top members of foreign relations committee stress importance of u.s.-pakistan ties .  pakistan 's u.s. ambassador says an investigation is underway and `` heads will roll .
 vigilante or vindicator ? one man 's bid to root out voter fraud <sec> voter integrity project polices the election system to root out fraud in north carolina elections .  opponents say his efforts are intimidating voters .  the amount of fraud in the tar heel state is unknown , but some irregularities have been found .  north carolina passed one of the strictest voter id laws in the countr .
 suspect arrested in 2008 sword death of los angeles woman <sec> jesus canales is in custody for the 2008 killing of lucy preciado in lancaster , california , police said .  canales was arrested in mexico thursday and flown to los angeles on saturday .  police said canales stabbed preciado with a sword , and her four children witnessed it .  bail for canales has been set at $ 1.4 millio .
 virginia college student never returned from new york holiday <sec> ian hunter burnet , 22 , left virginia to celebrate new year 's eve in new york .  he stayed with friends in harlem , who last heard from him december 30 .  his parents have set up a facebook page asking for information .  ian burnet is 5 feet , 10 inches and weighs 160 pounds ; he has brown hair , green eye .
 pregnant mom delays chemo so child can live <sec> ashley bridges delays chemotherapy because she was pregnant with a daughter .  after the birth , doctors discover cancer has spread from her knee to her brai .
 excerpt : nancy grace 's new novel `` the eleventh victim '' <sec> `` the eleventh victim '' is about an atlanta assistant da whose fiance is murdered .  the novel 's heroine , hailey dean , relocates to new york for a fresh start .  she becomes a therapist whose patients begin dying -- they are murdered .  the murders are similar to 11 atlanta killings and hailey must solve the cas .
 he studies where morals come from <sec> frans de waal authored a book about biological roots in human fairness .  his research suggests morality is older than religion .  `` we do think that primates have different cultures .
 syracuse named top party school <sec> syracuse tops princeton review 's yearly list of the nation 's top party schools .  in a statement , syracuse says it 's disappointed , but one student says the title is `` cool '' .  `` win or lose , hawks still booze , '' says a student of former no.1 university of iow .
 preparing for flood danger in wilderness <sec> floods are grim reminder of danger in wilderness , says inga jelescheff .  red cross official says people can take steps to help prepare for emergencies in remote areas .  jelescheff : camping , hiking are second most popular summer activity behind swimmin .
 myanmar gives rohingya voting rights , then backtracks <sec> myanmar gave members of the rohingya minority the right to vote in future constitutional referendum .  the move drew sharp protests from buddhist nationalists , and was quickly revoked .  myanmar faces international pressure to grant citizenship to the stateless rohingya minorit .
 navigating the 'isles of wonder ' : a guide to the olympic opening ceremony <sec> danny boyle 's olympic opening teemed with historic , literary and pop culture references .  its title , 'isles of wonder , ' was inspired by a line in shakespeare 's `` the tempest '' .  it contained many references to the celebrated william blake poem `` jerusalem '' .  but it 's not all highbrow : there was also a reference to a famous weatherman bloope .
 delaware grandfather pens his own humorous obituary <sec> delaware man pens his own humorous obituary .  `` walter george brulh jr. is a dead person ; he is no more ; he is bereft of life ; he is deceased '' .  his son says , `` i laughed and cried the whole time .
 the dark side of the scottish referendum <sec> a week out from scotland 's independence vote , the debate getting heated .  `` cybernats '' have been accused of debasing the campaign for independence .  more traditional bad-tempered tactics , like egg-throwing , have also been employed .  supporters on both sides of the debate have been targeted by twitter troll .
 bangladesh court orders arrest of apparel factory owner , five others <sec> a fire at tazreen fashions ltd. in ashulia killed 112 people in november 2012 .  a court orders the arrest of the factory owner and his wife , plus four others .  seven others already have been arrested .  a government panel has called fire an `` act of sabotage , '' said factory should 've been safe .
 els ' coach wants quick belly putter decision <sec> ernie els ' coach calls for a decision on anchored putting .  pga tour spoke out against a ban on the technique , which could be outlawed .  claude harmon iii says a delay on the decision could damage integrity of golf .  els , keegan bradley and webb simpson have all won recent majors using belly putte .
 protesters rally as merkel voices support for austerity-hit greece <sec> new : president papoulias says growth and jobs are needed to give the greek people hope .  `` we welcome a friend here today , '' antonis samaras says of the german leader .  police say 25,000 people joined a protest voicing anger over angela merkel 's visit .  critics see merkel as the main enforcer of internationally imposed austerity measure .
 how secure will microsoft 's new surface tablets be ? <sec> microsoft announced its surface tablets this week .  security is a growing concern for users of mobile devices .  surface models probably wo n't pose any significant additional security risks to mobile users .  one expert says microsoft is ahead of apple in securit .
 30-minute obama ad shows campaign muscle <sec> new : obama ad features stories of struggling families , high-profile endorsements .  new : obama discusses plans for economy , bringing end to iraq war .  new : on ad 's timing , mccain says it used to take `` act of god '' to delay world series .  mccain launched an ad attacking obama for his 30-minute specia .
 peanut butter recalled amid salmonella outbreak <sec> king nut says salmonella found in 5-pound tub of peanut butter .  at least 399 people have been infected in 42 states .  cdc , public health officials working to determine source of outbreak .  california has most cases at 55 ; outbreak may have killed minnesota .
 michigan teen targeted in homecoming 'prank ' gets last laugh <sec> classmates pick teen as female representative of sophomore class royalty .  the 16-year-old later learns they picked her as a joke .  `` i 'm like , 'wow , i feel like trash , ' '' whitney kropp says .  she decides to attend the homecoming anyway , prompting an outpouring of suppor .
 meteorite unveils secrets of ancient mars <sec> meteorite has materials from mars that are 4.4 billion years old .  it has 10 to 30 times more water in it than any other martian meteorite .  scientists will analyze it for chemical traces of life .  no fossils have been found in this meteorit .
 government memo warned of high security risk at health care website - cnnpolitics.com <sec> security control assessment `` was only partly completed , '' it says .  memo was written just days before the start of open enrollment for obamacare .  agency would create a security team to monitor the risk , conduct weekly scans , it says .  lawmakers say the system should have been more thoroughly vette .
 weather service : damage in oklahoma indicative of ef5 tornado <sec> new : mayor of moore does not expect death toll beyond 24 .  ja'nae hornsby , 9 , is among the children killed at the school , her father says .  authorities revise death toll downward to 24 , including nine children .  crews going `` board by board '' in search for survivors , victims , official say .
 can it be stopped ? 8 answers on obamacare and the shutdown <sec> the federal government is headed for a potential shutdown .  the fight to defund obamacare is the sticking point .  republicans have tied the key spending bill to stopping money for obamacare .  large part of affordable care act is set to go into effect on october .
 winston churchill : statesman , sunday painter and talent scout <sec> exhibition of paintings by winston churchill and moroccan artist hassan el glaoui opens in london .  churchill credited with allowing el glaoui , son of the pasha of marrakech , to pursue dream of painting .  marrakech was important to churchill ; his only painting from wold war ii is of the city .  though he was an amateur artist , paintings by churchill can now command up to $ 1 million at auctio .
 chile mourns victims of devastating earthquake <sec> three days of national mourning for victims of chile earthquake starts on sunday .  exact number of dead still not known , officials say .  telethon hopes to raise $ 27 million toward relief , recovery effort .
 africa cup of nations : equatorial guinea to host tournament <sec> equatorial guinea named as hosts of 2015 afcon .  tournament had been scheduled to take place in morocco .  morocco had wanted tournament postponed over ebola fears .  equatorial guinea qualify as host .
 $ 15 million iphone shows off rare black diamond <sec> the `` iphone 5 black diamond '' is estimated to be worth $ 15 million .  black diamond in the home button was appraised at $ 14.5 million .  lavish uk craftsman stuart hughes was contacted by chinese businessman .  rare , black diamond has been in the family for generation .
 plastic surgery : 'wild west ' of medicine <sec> medical boards do n't restrict doctors from performing surgeries out of their specialty .  many physicians are opening plastic surgery centers on the weekends to make money .  find a plastic surgeon who is certified by the american board of plastic surger .
 ferrari rule out massa return this season <sec> ferrari say felipe massa will not be returning to f1 circuit this season .  brazilian has been recovering from injuries he received in horror crash in hungary .  massa will be doing private test at ferrari headquarters on monda .
 uyghur photographer battles stereotypes with portraits <sec> uyghur photographer wants to dispel stereotypes about xinjiang . .  the chinese province has become associated with islamic terrorism . .  kurbanjan samat has taken more than 500 portraits . .  he hopes to reflect the real lives of people from the province .
 new photo book celebrates the art of apple <sec> new coffee-table book documents nearly every product apple has ever made .  book contains 350 pages of photos , from the apple ii to the ipad mini .  author : `` i did n't want to take photos that you could find in marketing material .
 opinion : yay for same-sex marriage , but ... <sec> john sutter : the u.s. lacks some very basic protections for lgbt people .  he says good news on same-sex marriage should n't distract from that .  judges in pennsylvania and oregon this week overturn marriage bans .  sutter : it 's still legal for employers in 29 states to fire people for being ga .
 probe questions fate of refugees in thailand <sec> cnn finds evidence hundreds of rohingya refugees abandoned at sea by thai army .  photos show refugees on their rickety boats being towed out to sea , cut loose .  the army denies setting refugees adrift ; thai government has launched an inquiry .  rohingya have been fleeing persecution of the hard-line military regime in myanma .
 ncaa , auburn notify fbi about point-shaving allegations <sec> the ncaa says it contacted the fbi about auburn .  `` we are very concerned by the point-shaving allegations , '' the ncaa says .  auburn says it has also contacted the fb .
 target in nairobi , kenya , mall shooting seen as symbolic <sec> terrorist attack changes kenyans ' view of glamorous mall .  some residents wonder if they can ever revisit westgate mall 's upscale stores .  al-shabaab terrorists stormed nairobi 's fanciest mall saturday , killing dozens .  survivors reveal how they escaped death in the mall 's parking garag .
 3 thai soldiers killed in clashes with cambodian troops <sec> new : authorities evacuate at least 7,000 people as clashes erupt .  13 thai troops are injured and three are killed , the military says .  a thai military spokesman says the cause of the clashes is unknown .  the fighting comes more than two months after clashes in another disputed border are .
 u.s. gas prices see first dip in months <sec> gas prices had climbed nearly 54 cents since late december .  they dipped more than a nickel in the latest lundberg survey .  `` more pump-price declines seem to be on their way , '' lundberg say .
 transcript : bachmann 's response to state of the union <sec> rep. michele bachmann responds to speech from the national press club .  bachmann calls for full repeal of `` obamacare '' .  bachmann says , `` we need to start making things again in this country .
 head of marine battalion relieved of duty in wake of deadly accident <sec> commanding officer of the 1st battalion , 9th marine regiment will be reassigned .  seven marines were killed in a mortar range accident in march .  marines statement says system appeared to work properl .
 expert : primary compound found in casey anthony trunk was gasoline <sec> chemist says he ca n't say for sure a decomposing body was in the car trunk .  toxicologist : drug testing on hair found with caylee anthony 's remains was negative .  casey anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter , caylee , in 2008 .  she has pleaded not guilty ; her defense says the child drowned in the family poo .
 colorado shooting suspect 's writings offer insight as student , aspiring scientist <sec> the university of illinois releases james holmes ' application for admission .  documents released include his personal statement and resume .  his resume is titled `` aspiring scientist '' .  holmes also submits a picture of himself standing next to a llam .
 congress poised to end where it started <sec> president barack obama signed the deadline extension early friday morning .  senate could vote on spending bill friday , but have until saturday before next deadline .  congress narrowly averted another shutdown thursday night , 14 months after the last one .  what 's new is that now democrats do n't need their presiden .
 who is dc shooting suspect ? <sec> floyd lee corkins ii , 28 , volunteered at an lgbt center in washington .  corkins had no known job or source of income , no significant criminal record .  court filing wednesday suggests corkins may have been motivated by ideolog .
 prominent pakistani news anchor hamid mir targeted by gunmen <sec> new : the united states says the attack `` should be a wake-up call '' in pakistan .  men in a car , on motorcycles fired at hamid mir , reports his network , geo news .  he was hit three times , then had a successful operation , the cnn affiliate says .  mir felt pakistan 's spy agency may try to assassinate him , his brother tells geo new .
 passengers saved from dangling gondolas after tower snaps <sec> new : all 53 people trapped on gondolas have been rescued , officials say .  gondola tower at resort near whistler , british columbia , snaps in half .  at one point there were about 30 gondola cars suspended , police say .  no serious injuries were reported ; situation under control , authorities sa .
 keep your tech-gift promises this holiday <sec> we 've all gotten into the habit of breezily vowing to share our internet goods with friends .  but you could also argue the web has contributed to our epidemic laziness .  here 's how to share music through songza or photos through picas .
