 u.s. general : pulling troops 'giant step backward ' <sec> gop sen. john warner asks president bush to announce iraq withdrawal plan .  democratic leadership aide presses for warner to vote for pullbac .
 countries pledge aid to taiwan <sec> new : death toll rises .  new : hong kong officials say they will recommending sending us $ 6.45m ( hk $ 50m ) .  more than 30 countries offer money , helicopters , medication , other supplies official : nearly 15,700 people pulled from flooded village .
 fifth suspect charged in beating of detroit driver <sec> a fifth suspect is charged in the april 2 beating of steven utash , 54 .  utash , who is white , was attacked after he accidentally hit a black boy with his car .  one suspect -- a 16-year-old charged as a juvenile -- is accused of ethnic intimidation .  utash has been in a medically induced coma since the attac .
 venezuela rations water in response to drought <sec> rolling cuts to water service will affect caracas , nearby areas for up to 48 hours .  drought conditions have reduced reservoir volume to critical levels , officials say .  only hospitals will be equipped with water around the cloc .
 rupert murdoch steps down from boards <sec> rupert murdoch steps down as director from a string of company boards .  a spokesman calls it `` nothing more than a corporate house-cleaning exercise '' .  news corp. is expected to be divided in coming month .
 world cup : belgium sets up u.s. date ; algeria makes history <sec> belgium set up last 16 date with the u.s. at 2014 world cup in brazil .  a solitary goal by belgian defender jan vertonghen seals 1-0 win over south korea .  algeria reach the knockout stages of the world cup for the first time in their history .  a late equalizer for slimani sees algeria advance as the expense of russi .
 marc marquez : the new king of motogp 's spanish empire <sec> marc marquez has impressed with his demeanor as well as his success on the track .  spaniard is the youngest rider to win motorcycling 's top title , and first rookie since 1978 .  head of motogp says marquez has beaten `` really great , great riders '' in his debut season .  principal of a rival team says marquez `` brings so much energy , such a fresh way of behaving .
 high court 's week of high-stakes rulings <sec> rulings on two major issues are among those remaining to be announced .  the cases include a pair of appeals testing the right to same-sex marriage .  two other cases involve the future of the voting rights act and oversight of some elections .  the justices have already secretly voted on the pending case .
 how to eat sushi <sec> the best technique is to turn the sushi upside down to prevent rice from soaking up too much soy sauce .  top sushi masters season each piece of sushi with soy sauce and seasoning , accompanied by a frown if you ask for more sauce .  japan 's best sushi-ya have no menu , just a fantastic parade of what 's best on the da .
 lights go out across planet for earth hour <sec> lights go out over sydney harbor as city launches earth hour .  650 communities in philippines flip the switch .  millions of homes and businesses were expected to join event .  organizers hope event will send message on climate change to world leader .
 faa : 3 dead in medical helicopter crash <sec> helicopter dropped off a patient in jackson , tennessee , and was returning to brownsville .  three crew members , no patients were on board .  officials think copter was using visual flight rules , not communicating controller .
 compulsive shopping : when spending is like substance abuse <sec> about 6 % of women and 5.5 % of men are compulsive buyers .  compulsive shopping sometimes goes hand in hand with alcoholism and eating disorders .  compulsive shoppers may have continuing arguments with their spouses over mone .
 iraqis cheer -- and fear -- u.s. pullout from cities <sec> new : obama : `` iraqis are rightly treating this day as a cause for celebration '' .  hundreds of iraqis dance and sing in baghdad park to mark u.s. pullout .  bombing kills at least 30 in northern iraqi city of kirkuk , police official says .  iraqi woman : `` now that the americans are leaving , we will be more afraid .
 khodorkovsky lauds freed pussy riot rockers <sec> new : punk rockers say they hope to work with former oil tycoon on reform .  khodorkovsky says pussy riot rockers went through `` living hell '' .  the 'arctic 30 ' includes 28 greenpeace activists and two freelance journalists .  the group was detained after some tried to scale a russian company 's oil platfor .
 in tacloban 's history , little compares with terror of typhoon haiyan <sec> the super typhoon is the worst event lily montejo can remember in tacloban .  montejo , more than 80 years old , she says she thought it was `` the apocalypse '' .  reports from 1897 and 1912 suggest previous big typhoons in the region .  but uncertainty about the death tolls makes it unclear if they were as deadly as haiya .
 many zune owners overcome leap year glitch <sec> new : some owners were able to restart their zune music players thursday morning .  microsoft on wednesday said problem should resolve itself after 7 a.m . .  et thursday .  users should allow internal battery to fully drain , then recharge , web site says .  thousands of older 30gb zune players froze simultaneously late tuesda .
 investigators leave germanwings flight 9525 crash site <sec> `` all the police investigators have left the ( germanwings ) crash site , '' a police official says .  private security company is ensuring no one goes on the site , official says .  authorities say co-pilot andreas lubitz deliberately crashed the plane , killing all 150 on boar .
 the politics of tibetan self-immolations <sec> costica bradatan : 30 tibetans self-immolated in tibetan parts of china without political change .  yet a tunisian 's setting himself afire set off arab spring , he says . .  why was that different ? .  he writes : the tunisian spoke to everyone 's despair ; tibetan protesters have varying goals .  bradatan : tibetans are nonviolent , but some may be tired of dalai lama 's pacifis .
 liverpool swat spurs aside <sec> liverpool beat tottenham hotspur 3-0 .  mario balotelli made his liverpool debut .  he did n't score but showed glimpses of class .  sterling , gerrard and moreno all on the score shee .
 'shield ' actor michael jace pleads not guilty in wife 's murder case <sec> a preliminary hearing for michael jace is set for august 1 .  the judge set bond at $ 2 million and ordered jace to have no contact with his two children .  jace wore a yellow jail jumpsuit and was handcuffed in a glass holding area for the hearing .  april jace , 40 , died from `` multiple gunshot wounds , '' according to a corone .
 clippers president andy roeser takes leave of absence <sec> andy roeser was running the team , has been with the clippers since 1984 .  an nba spokesman says this will help the franchise have a `` clean slate '' .  the nba is in the process of forcing clippers owner donald sterling to sell the team .  clippers lead their second-round playoff series against oklahoma cit .
 smugglers ' deadly cargo : cop-killing guns <sec> firearms difficult to purchase in mexico are more easily obtained in united states .  drugs and money go north to u.s. while guns go south to mexico , authorities say .  mexican drug cartels blamed for killings of police officer .
 how the next battle over obamacare could be the ugliest yet <sec> the summer of 2013 will see both sides square off in efforts to sell or roll back obamacare .  the administration is hoping to start signing up people for health plans october 1 .  republicans are working hard to cripple existing measures and halt new ones .  many americans are still confused , according to recent pollin .
 jim carrey on films , depression and love <sec> jim carrey : projects always come into my life at the perfect time .  the actor says he likes comedy and drama equally .  `` i love jenny [ mccarthy ] very much , and we have a great relationship , '' he says .  carrey says he and mccarthy do n't plan to marr .
 desperation grows in liberia , heart of the ebola zone <sec> at least 1,578 people in liberia have died from ebola , according to the world health organization .  liberia has seen a 52 % of increases in cases in just the past three weeks . .  who says two of the countries at the heart of the epidemic have made progres .
 how do you really feel about the snow ? <sec> as another storm moves into the northeast , people voice their love and hate for the snow .  more than 43,000 people `` like '' a facebook page for those who love and hate snow .  2010 poll from candy maker : men prefer shoveling snow , women like making snowmen .  new yorker ruth vesely says she hates snow and has gotten stuck in her own drivewa .
 south korean ferry : passenger made 1st distress call , coast guard says <sec> new : the death toll has risen to 146 , authorities say .  no bodies found in cafeteria , where many people were thought to have been .  crew made a distress call three minutes after passenger , south korean coast guard says .  nine crew members facing charges in ferry sinkin .
 water hazard ! $ 500 million floating golf course planned for maldives <sec> a $ 500 million floating golf complex development is planned for the maldives .  the golf course will be laid out on three islands , connected by underwater tunnels .  the project plans to use an array of techniques to protect the environment .  floating islands could be the future of the maldives , with sea levels risin .
 mind-blowing portraits made of test tubes and pushpins <sec> michael mapes reconstructed some of the most famous dutch masters ' portraits from 17th century . .  the new york-based artist used test tubes , pushpins strewn , or locks of hair to create the highly elaborate sculptural portraits . .  mapes countered the dutch masters ' puritanical rigidity by including photographs of bare legs and bits of cleavage filling out skin tones .
 at 20 , linux is invisible , ubiquitous <sec> linux , the free software platform , was conceived 20 years ago .  in phones , atms , airplane consoles and other machines , linux is pervasive .  linux , the brand and the desktop operating system , failed to go mainstrea .
 missouri primary a waste of time <sec> roland martin : missouri 's nonbinding primary has no effect on choosing delegates .  voting costs the state 's taxpayers more than $ 7 million , martin writes .  martin : gop objects to wasting taxpayers ' dollars , so why support this vote ? .  missouri should require state gop to pay for this nonbinding primary , he say .
 world cup journalists robbed <sec> armed suspects take money , passports , cameras , laptops .  portuguese journalist wakes up during overnight robbery .  suspect points gun at him .  hundreds of thousands of sports fans and journalists in south africa for world cu .
 china : filmmaker zhang yimou fined $ 1.2m for breach of one-child policy <sec> renowned chinese filmmaker zhang yimou penalized for violating china 's one-child policy .  local authorities demand a hefty fine of 7.48 million yuan ( $ 1.21 million ) .  zhang apologized in december for his `` excessive children . '' .  zhang and his wife admitted to having two sons and a daughte .
 paramedic : jett travolta dead before ambulance called <sec> paramedic on trial , accused of plotting to extort $ 25 million from john travolta .  tarino lightbourn testifies jett travolta had been dead before help was summoned .  in bahamas , defendants can make statement without being under oath .  travolta 's son died on grand bahama island on january 2 after a seizur .
 if smoking is so bad for you , who still does it ? <sec> despite health effects , bans and social pressure , 20 percent americans smoke .  about 90 percent of adult smokers start in high school .  worldwide , about 4 million adults die each year of tobacco-caused diseases .  ireport.com : do you still smoke ? .  share your stor .
 high court rules against video of same-sex marriage trial <sec> lower court had ok 'd posting videos of trial on internet .  supreme court says no , but cameras can send trial to overflow rooms .  four members of court dissent , led by justice stephen breye .
 how aaron swartz helped build the internet <sec> aaron swartz , young internet innovator , committed suicide friday .  swartz helped create rss , founded company that later merged with reddit .  analyst : swartz 's biggest impact may have been his activism for web openness .  `` we lost a really important person , '' christopher soghoian say .
 south african authorities detain paris hilton ; judge drops drug charge <sec> hilton , photographer taken into custody at stadium .  both charged with drug possession .  charge against hilton dropped ; her photographer pleaded guilty .  publicist : it `` was a complete misunderstanding .
 fda approves new diet drug <sec> qsymia , formerly known as qnexa , is second diet drug approved since june .  drug 's side effects in clinical trial included increased heart rate .  concerns have also been raised about the risk of birth defect .
 age-related memory loss more common in men , study finds <sec> during study 7.2 % of men and 5.7 % of women developed mild cognitive impairment .  men appear to have higher rates of mci but lower rates of dementia .  lead author says sex-related differences in physiology and brain function may play a rol .
 can romney connect with latino voters ? <sec> ana navarro : romney is furiously wooing latino voters now . .  some advice : connect ! .  she says at events , he fails to acknowledge latinos ' concerns , but he must for support .  she says romney seems allied with immigration hardliners such as sheriff joe arpaio .  navarro : obama 's let down latinos significantly ; both candidates must convince the .
 who is las vegas shooting suspect erich nowsch ? <sec> erich nowsch , 19 , faces murder and 2 other charges tied to incidents in las vegas .  the victim had consoled , fed and provided for nowsch well before incident , her husband says .  his apparent social media pages show him with marijuana and mone .
 closing arguments made in connecticut home invasion case <sec> new : court is adjourned until monday .  hayes is on trial for the murder of a mother and two daughters .  he has pleaded not guilty .  suspects allegedly made the mother withdraw money , then set her family 's house on fir .
 germany 's hoefl-riesch grabs gold <sec> maria hoefl-riesch won gold at the women 's super-combined .  slovenia 's tina maze took silver with home favorite nicole hosp claiming bronze . .  defending world champion anna fenninger loses out after failing to make a gat .
 new weapons against libya 's gadhafi : paintbrushes <sec> political art is springing up in rebel-held areas of libya .  artists are expressing their opposition to moammar gadhafi .  the paintings show gadhafi as a ruthless dictator .  `` some people fight . .  i use a brush , '' says one artis .
 garner 's mom : keep protesting , 'but do it in peace ' <sec> new : eric garner 's mother urges protesters to `` keep on doing it , but do it in peace '' .  demonstrators marching in new york hand out list of demands that starts with police firings .  about 1,000 people in one protest in boston area , police estimate .  protests came after jury opted not to indict officer who put garner in a chokehol .
 girl dies after wave knocks her into ocean ; bill heads to canada <sec> new : one of three people in maine swept into atlantic ocean by wave dies .  victims were among people at state park to watch high waves from hurricane bill .  storm skirts east coast ; massachusetts residents carry on with daily lives .  chatham , massachusetts , harbormaster : `` i think we really dodged a bullet .
 experience brazilian high culture and street style in hip são paulo <sec> são paulo 's art , fashion and music scene means it 's no longer second to rio .  among the grid of skyscrapers is iconic modernist architecture by oscar niemeyer .  uniquely brazilian , the city also has a twist of other cultures .  do what the paulistanos do and sample street-side delicacies and top cocktail .
 finding stolen piece of history may not be easy task <sec> gold bar stolen from key west , florida , museum is worth more than $ 550,000 .  video shows crime taking place , but leads are sparse .  thieves often ca n't sell stolen treasures because legitimate collectors wo n't bite .  but stolen treasures are often hard to fin .
 charges likely to be reduced in nyc bikers clash <sec> da cites lack of serious physical injury to motorist .  the incident occurred in september on a manhattan street .  da spokeswoman : reduced felony holds a penalty of 5-15 years , as opposed to 8-25 year .
 who : ebola overwhelming w. african health centers <sec> centers in guinea , liberia and sierra leone are overwhelmed , world health organization says .  at least 2,400 people have died in the 3 countries ; other cases seen in nigeria and senegal .  the bill and melinda gates foundation joins the fight against the west africa outbreak .  money will be used to purchase supplies and scale up emergency operation .
 somalia picks political newcomer as president in landmark vote <sec> new : white house calls for `` a new era of governance '' from somalia 's leaders .  hassan sheikh mohamud will serve a four-year term .  the political newcomer has worked for the united nations and is a former university lecturer .  somalia has not had an effective central government in decade .
 malala to cnn : nigerian girls are 'my sisters ' <sec> malala yousafzai spoke with cnn 's christiane amanpour .  she sees the kidnapped nigerian girls as her sisters .  terrorists attack girls because they fear them , she says .  boko haram are extremists who do n't understand islam , malala say .
 we 're losing control of our digital privacy <sec> rebecca mackinnon : government 's surveillance powers have expanded .  she says government and companies can spy on our digital communications .  fbi can get records without court orders , she writes ; companies ca n't be sued .  we need to protect our security , she says , but also defend our privacy right .
 north korea 's war of words escalates -- timeline <sec> u.s. and south korean officials believe pyongyang poised on a missile test .  north korea warns foreigners in south korea to leave , following similar advice to diplomats .  pyongyang blocks workers from entering joint commercial zone operated with sout .
 greenhouse gases reached record highs in 2011 , says u.n. study <sec> united nations agency report says 2011 saw new high for levels of greenhouse gases in earth 's atmosphere .  levels of carbon dioxide now stand at 390.9 parts per million , up 2 ppm on previous year .  375 billion tons of carbon dioxide released into atmosphere since 1750 , say wmo .  natural carbon sinks are already showing signs of stress and can not be relied on in futur .
 rosberg takes pole in brazil <sec> nico rosberg clinches pole for sunday 's brazil gp . .  beat teammate hamilton by the narrowest of margins . .  rosberg must win as hamilton leads championship . .  brazilian massa takes an emotional third place on grid .
 another milestone for fantastic frankel at glorious goodwood <sec> frankel becomes first horse to defend sussex stakes title at glorious goodwood .  the unbeaten colt , ranked no . .  1 in world , wins his seventh successive group one race .  jockey tom queally guides frankel to a six-length victory at the english meeting .  his next race will see him step up from the mile distance for the first time in his caree .
 fighting continues ahead of ukraine ceasefire <sec> petro poroshenko claims that pro-russian forces have increased their attacks .  fighting continues in eastern ukraine ahead of a ceasefire due to come into effect sunday .  osce chief says he hopes to see a reduction in hostilities before the ceasefir .
 inventor of web hopes olympics can lead to 'beautiful ' understanding <sec> london-born sir tim berners-lee invented the world wide web in 1989 .  berners-lee : opening ceremony tribute was 'nerve-wracking , ' an 'incredible honor ' .  computer scientist 's 'this is for everyone ' message retweeted more than 10,000 time .
 fifa defends hijab ban after iranian team forfeits olympic qualifier <sec> fifa defend their decision to ban players from wearing hijab scarves during matches .  iran 's women 's team chose to forfeit match with jordan rather than remove scarves .  fifa banned the hijab in 2007 because of potential choking dange .
 man city victorious , wigan crestfallen : mixed fortunes for fa cup finalists <sec> fa cup finalists manchester city and wigan suffer mixed fortunes in premier league .  city beat west bromwich albion 1-0 but wigan lose crucial match with swansea .  wigan 's hopes of avoiding relegation now look slim ahead of saturday 's fa cup final .  chievo verona score a 90th minute winner against as roma in serie .
 obamacare hits goal with 7.1 million sign-ups , president says - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president barack obama says administration hits initial sign-up target .  more than 4.8 million visits to healthcare.gov were made on monday alone .  enrollment in health care program steadily grew after rocky rollout .  the surge in sign-ups includes a good number of young people , official tells cn .
 thais race to shore up bangkok defenses against floods <sec> devastating thai floods have killed 281 people ; two people are missing .  an area the size of spain is affected by the floods in southeast asia .  official : about one to 1.2 billion cubic meters of water reaching bangkok dail .
