 opinion : why french president needs michelle obama <sec> david frum : french president in a romantic pickle that makes him look a little ridiculous .  hollande has two girlfriends ; which one he brings on u.s. visit is burning question .  frum : hollande needs the respectability that posing with the obamas would bring .  frum : nations often do n't know what role a `` first spouse '' plays , but public always curiou .
 ted cruz announces 2016 presidential bid - cnnpolitics.com <sec> cruz announces candidacy in a video on twitter .  he follows up with a speech at liberty university in virgini .
 spy cameras wo n't make us safer <sec> security cameras documented movements of suspects in hamas official 's killing .  bruce schneier says that for most part , cameras do n't make us safer .  he says most video does n't get monitored , and criminals can evade video .  spending money on other forms of law enforcement is wiser , he say .
 quest : why i did a davos selfie challenge <sec> selfie is the word du jour and became a cause celebre during nelson mandela 's funeral .  quest decided to embark on a selfie challenge in davos , at the world economic forum .  here is the result -- and a guest appearance from executive producer penny mani .
 despite different paths , candidates ' fathers shaped where they arrived <sec> obama 's , romney 's relationships with their fathers shaped the men they became .  obama relied on photos , clippings and family stories to learn more about his father .  `` my dad is mitt 's hero , '' g. scott romney , mitt 's older brother , said .  for both candidates , `` the message is that somebody did something right .
 opinion : starbucks , loaded guns and lattes <sec> starbucks refuses to ban loaded guns from its shops in 43 states that allow open carry .  writers : thousands of mothers want starbucks to ban guns ; nobody needs to be armed .  they say chain bans smoking in front of any store ; is smoke riskier than loaded guns ? .  writers : many businesses in open carry states ban guns to keep workers , customers saf .
 the tax education of lauryn hill : prison <sec> new : `` if that 's not like enough to slavery , i do n't know , '' hill told the judge .  the singer must serve a year on probation and possibly three months of home confinement .  she must report to prison on july 8 , unless her lawyer files an appeal .  hill pleaded guilty last year to failing to file returns on more than $ 1.8 million in taxe .
 i 'll have another scratched from belmont , retired from racing <sec> owner says , `` it was a hell of a run '' .  the horse has `` the start of tendonitis , '' the trainer says .  i 'll have another would have made a run for the first triple crown since 1978 .  the belmont race takes place at 6:30 p.m. saturda .
 review : beastie boys ' 'hot sauce committee part two ' <sec> beastie boys were already old-school back when they were young-school .  they sound like themselves -- cutting loose without fitting anyone else 's idea of relevance .  they make no effort to accommodate or even acknowledge any of the latest hip-hop trend .
 meteor lights up east coast -- and social media <sec> new : the streak , as bright as a full moon , was a meteor 1 yard in diameter , nasa says .  new : it entered the atmosphere over pennsylvania , heading toward the atlantic .  the faa says it fielded calls about meteor sightings from virginia to maine .  the night light show spurs a flurry of activity on social medi .
 tsarnaev opening statements delayed <sec> jury selection has taken longer than anticipated , court says .  dzhokhar tsarnaev is charged with 30 counts in 2013 boston marathon bombing cas .
 cnn student news - january 15 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 colorado woman faces isis plan sentencing <sec> shannon conley , 19 , tells cnn at her jailhouse that she calls herself amatullah .  `` i 'm in a vulnerable place right now , '' she says a day before her sentencing .  she declines to talk about her crime , to which she pleaded guilty last yea .
 top 10 movie car chase scenes <sec> in most car-chase movies , the real star is the car , author says .  the chase in `` the french connection '' features a 1971 pontiac lemans .  more than 300 stunt drivers were employed for the 1998 `` ronin '' film .  `` bullitt '' is perennially voted one of the best car movies of all tim .
 ebay fined $ 63m over fake luxury goods <sec> paris court orders ebay to pay $ 63 million in damages to luxury group lvmh .  the group sued ebay over sale of fake luxury goods online .  brands affected include louis vuitton , christian dior , fendi and givenchy .  ebay said lvmh was trying to protect uncompetitive commercial practice .
 gadget review : bluetooth headset is slim , easy to use <sec> the jabra bt3030 is a great , affordable option for a stereo bluetooth headset .  device is slim and lightweight , plus it has tactile and easy-to-use controls .  it comes with a 3.5-mm headset jack so you can use it with any headphones .  its music quality is decent , although the call quality could be improve .
 opinion : does obama really understand putin ? <sec> andrew kuchins : obama and allies have issued empty threats at putin .  kuchins : despite russia 's annexation of crimea , obama 's responses are weak .  he says since putin has met no push back for crimea , why would he stop there ? .  kuchins : putin may ruin obama 's legacy by further encroaching ukrain .
 serial killer a murder addict , police say <sec> anchorage police release details on serial killer israel keyes .  keyes was `` addicted to the feel of the hunt and of killing , '' detective says .  keyes took pride in being his own kind of serial killer , detective says .  keyes confessed to eight killings ; he committed suicide in his cell this mont .
 uk police : 3 more suspects arrested in woolwich soldier killing <sec> new : kenyan government says suspect was arrested in 2010 , handed over to british .  three more arrests have been made in connection with the killing , police say .  police arrest a 31-year-old man in london on terrorism-related offenses .  the man told the bbc that one of the woolwich murder suspects was approached by mi .
 agreement announced to reform puerto rico 's police force <sec> new : aclu welcomes the agreement .  a federal judge still needs to approve the agreement .  investigation found police used excessive force to suppress free speech .  it also cited unconstitutional stops , searches and arrest .
 army general pleads guilty to adultery , still faces sodomy charge <sec> new : accused general 's lawyer says the `` accuser 's word ... is worth nothing '' .  brig . .  gen. jeffrey sinclair pleads guilty to `` inappropriate relationships , '' other charges .  he still faces court martial on other charges , including sodomy , maltreating subordinates .  sinclair had been one of the u.s. army 's top commanders in afghanista .
 u.s. says citizen trained in terror <sec> abdirahman sheik mohamud pleads not guilty to charges of providing material support to terrorists and lying to the fbi .  the columbus , ohio , resident became a u.s. citizen in february 2014 .  in april 2014 , he went to syria for terrorism training , prosecutors say in a news releas .
 armed men seize libya 's justice ministry <sec> the militants want senior government positions to be cleansed of gadhafi loyalists .  they have anti-aircraft guns mounted on their trucks , officials say .  no violence was reported in the latest in a string of armed protests .  the nation 's foreign ministry remains under siege for a third straight da .
 americans beaten , shot to death in mexico <sec> benjamin lebaron and his brother-in-law are shot dead in their home .  the killers have yet to be identified , but the case seems tied to local drug lords .  local media : slayings retribution for capture of drug suspects in town nearby .  lebaron was a nationally recognized anti-crime activis .
 u.s. college baseball star charged with rape in bahamas <sec> new : `` i really think all of them are innocent , '' said the mother of one of the group .  garrett wittels and four friends are charged with rape in the bahamas .  the infielder has been released on $ 10,000 bail .  wittels finished the 2010 season on a 56-game hitting strea .
 hong kong kung fu fights back <sec> masters of a southern chinese style of kung fu have published the first manual in english .  the style known as hung kuen emphasises strong foundation stances and footwork .  lam chun-fai sifu is a direct descendant of kung fu legend wong fei hung .  he says the manual will help save the martial art - which has more foreign practitioners - from extinctio .
 new york-size sodas get green light from appeals court <sec> the city 's board of health does not have the authority to ban giant sodas , the court says .  mayor michael bloomberg : `` today 's decision is a temporary setback '' .  the american beverage association welcomes the rulin .
 snowstorm sweeps across southeast and up the east coast <sec> several inches of snow fall in some areas of the south .  most warnings and advisories are canceled .  up to 2 inches of snow coats northern georgia .  snowfall snarls travel in oklahoma , missouri , arkansas and texa .
 isis miscalculated in jordanian pilot 's death ( opinion ) <sec> paul cruickshank : video of jordanian pilot being burned alive a calculated move .  but isis video has created significant backlash from sunnis in region , he says .  in the long run , isis ' brutality is not a winning strategy , cruickshank say .
 14 ridiculous hotel amenities <sec> transcending wi-fi , pillow menus and full minibars , these hotel amenities truly give you something to brag about back home .  music fans may be interested in a fender guitar at hard rock , chicago , or a recording studio at sunset marquis hotel , california .  kimpton hotels provide stand-in pet goldfish while provenance hotels have a pet psychologist on cal .
 her 'duty ' is helping muslim women heal after abuse <sec> robina niaz 's organization helps female muslim domestic violence victims .  turning point for women and families was first resource of its kind in new york city .  niaz : domestic violence goes against islamic teachings , but `` denial '' is a problem .  the top 10 cnn heroes will be announced on october .
 fears of genocide : 10 things to know about central african republic <sec> a coalition of rebels ousted president francois bozize in march , plunging car into crisis .  militia groups are uniting along religious lines ; u.n. says violence could lead to genocide .  more than 400,000 people -- nearly 10 % of the population -- have been internally displace .
 alaska authorities say woman may have died in wolf attack <sec> authorities work in response to `` public safety concerns '' about wolves .  if it is determined candice berner was killed by wolf , it would be first such death on state record .  berner 's body was found monday night in remote area near village of chignik lake .  alaska state troopers spokeswoman says foul play has been ruled ou .
 after criticism , lapd pulls rfk clothing from homicide exhibit <sec> lapd apologizes after son of sen. robert f. kennedy objects to las vegas display .  tie , jacket , shirt senator wearing when slain removed from exhibit .  chief calls exhibit , which includes evidence from other high-profile crimes , educational .  in editorial , maxwell taylor kennedy calls clothing display `` a macabre publicity stunt .
 trains collide in missouri , causing highway overpass collapse <sec> new : christopher cantrell said he did not see the collapsed bridge in the dark .  new : his car crashed into the collapsed overpass .  new : the freight trains collided near scott city , missouri .  new : of the seven injured , six have been released from the hospita .
 presidential hopefuls attack obama 's remarks about pakistan <sec> sen. hillary clinton booed when she criticizes sen. barack obama at debate .  clinton , sen. chris dodd slam obama 's stance on pakistan .  obama : u.s. should go into pakistan if intelligence warrants it .  debate sponsored by afl-cio drew thousands of labor activist .
 egypt trial of jailed al jazeera journalists adjourned to may 15 <sec> journalists were arrested on december 29 at a cairo hotel .  the three are being held on terrorism-related charges .  the trial has drawn international condemnation from human rights groups .  saturday 's hearing coincided with world press freedom da .
 champions inter go eight points clear <sec> inter milan go eight points clear in serie a with a 3-0 home win in the san siro over cagliari .  arch-rivals ac milan can only draw 0-0 at bologna to see their title hopes fade .  roma win 1-0 at fiorentina to climb above milan into second place .  sevilla slip out of top four in spain with 2-1 defeat to real zaragoz .
 biz stone : what jelly can do for you <sec> jelly , a new social q & a app , was released tuesday .  app emphasizes using friends and photos to answer questions .  ratings on itunes are mostly positive , but critics claim app is `` pretty but pointless '' .  app was co-founded by biz stone , one of the founders of twitte .
 barcelona beat valencia ; ac milan go top of serie a <sec> barcelona beat league leaders valencia 2-1 at the nou camp to go joint top of table .  atletico madrid move up to fifth with 2-0 win over getafe .  ac milan got top of serie a after convincing 3-1 win at home to chiev .
 giving vietnam 's street kids a chance <sec> thousands of poor children are living and working on vietnam 's streets .  michael brosowski is trying to help these kids -- some as young as 6 -- rebound .  his nonprofit has provided shelter , food subsidies , school fees and other necessities .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2011 cnn heroe .
 rescuers search for bomb survivors <sec> two bombs explode in algerian capital near government and u.n. buildings .  algeria blames group linked to al qaeda .  official death toll is 26 , but some sources say as high as 76 .  u.n. officials say five of its staff killed and 14 missin .
 judge orders lindsay lohan to stay in rehab until january <sec> judge : if lindsay lohan breaks a rule before february 25 , she will go to jail for 180 days .  `` you are an addict , '' judge elden fox tells lohan .  the actress checked into the betty ford center last mont .
 why china is sitting on fashion 's front row <sec> chinese designers raising profiles in the traditional style capitals like london , paris .  haizhen wang epitomizes subtle chinese influences in western-educated design generation .  china is key driver of global profit for fashion industry .  chinese tastes moving away from flashy designer logos to be more refine .
 speed traps -- new way to avoid them <sec> trapster is a cell-phone social network that allows motorists to alert others .  users send alerts via cell phone regarding locations of speed traps .  in may , trapster became integrated with dash navigation inc . .  police : services like trapster actually a positive ; it gets people to slow dow .
 video shows team of 'ninjas ' breaking into house , shooting man <sec> new : video shows a man , identified as leonard gonzalez jr. , shooting byrd billings .  new : other footage in court shows man dressed as ninjas come and go in a red van .  witnesses say that gonzalez tried to recruit him and others to be part of his team .  the florida couple known for caring for special-needs kids was shot and killed in 200 .
 robotic probe releases new video from fukushima plant <sec> a robotic probe into the fukushima nuclear plant released crucial information on conditions inside the reactor .  tepco : recorded radiation levels and temperatures are lower than expected .  the robot was sent into the plant after the first one broke dow .
 congress hears testimony on cruise ship accident <sec> twenty-five people were killed in the costa concordia accident .  captain accused of abandoning ship and is facing charges .  a house committee may look at tougher cruise regulation .
 many wild cards could swing the 2012 presidential race <sec> julian zelizer : events could produce sharp swings in the presidential race .  he says obama could be affected by europe crisis , high court ruling on health care .  gop feuding has potential to severely handicap the party 's eventual candidate , he say .
 4 americans killed in mexico plane crash <sec> radio contact with the plane was lost friday afternoon .  victims are volunteers who were on a medical mission .  wreckage and bodies are discovered in northwestern mexic .
 pope to visit philadelphia next year for conference <sec> trip to philadelphia would be francis ' first visit to u.s. as pope .  pope accepted invitation from philadelphia archbishop , catholic news service says .  francis ' visit likely to resonate with growing latino populatio .
 hospital releases blind haitian violinist <sec> blind violinist romel joseph released from hospital .  he suffered a fractured hand and crushed legs in haiti 's january earthquake .  stevie wonder donated keyboard to help him practice while wearing cast .  joseph plans to return to haiti to start rebuilding music schoo .
 man dragged under van 17 miles , dies , police say <sec> pedestrian struck twice , dragged 17 miles by second vehicle , new york police say .  man struck in queens , van stopped in brooklyn , police say .  body was lodged under van 's chassis , according to police .  police retrace van 's route , seeking body part .
 will bangkok 's flood defenses protect its heart ? <sec> a series of flood defenses are preventing flooding in bangkok 's central business district .  thailand 's worst flooding in 50 years has devastated outlying parts of the capital .  angry residents in north bangkok say neighborhoods sacrificed for `` cbd '' .  residents : predictions that floodwater will be drained from bangkok in 11 days too optimisti .
 cantor fitzgerald , american airlines settle 9/11 lawsuit <sec> cantor fitzgerald lost 658 employees in the world trade center on 9/11 .  the brokerage firm sued american airlines , whose flight 11 plowed into its offices .  the firm and airline settled the $ 1 billion lawsuit for $ 135 millio .
 hurricane-force winds batter northern europe <sec> new : nine deaths reported across western europe .  a girl and a man killed by falling trees in southern england .  gusts close to 100 mph batter the southern coast of england .  france , belgium and the netherlands also have been rammed by the stor .
 after 36 years , real-life rocky 's story coming soon <sec> former heavyweight boxer chuck wepner fought muhammad ali in 1975 .  the match , and wepner 's life story , inspired sylvester stallone 's `` rocky '' movies .  wepner was arrested for cocaine possession in 1985 ; spent time in prison .  espn will air `` the real rocky , '' a new documentary about wepner , in octobe .
 16 indonesians detained trying to cross into syria from turkey <sec> the group is made up of one man , four women , 11 children .  they were stopped just north of aleppo , syri .
 man convicted in child 's videotaped sexual assault <sec> new : chester arthur stiles guilty of all counts in child sex video case .  new : sentencing for stiles scheduled for may 8 .  stiles could be sent to prison for the rest of his life .  tape surfaced in 2007 , years after alleged assaul .
 commentary : gop celebrates u.s. defeat <sec> roland martin : the chicago bid was made on behalf of the whole country .  he says conservatives boast of being patriots but are applauding a u.s. defeat .  he says americans love to cheer on their olympic athletes on home soi .
 is the nfl skirting the tax man ? <sec> the nfl has for-profit business , but the league office is technically a trade association .  therefore , it pays no taxes and owners can deduct the dues they pay .  commissioner roger goodell makes as much as some of the highest paid ceos .  some in washington are trying to change the law while others lobby against i .
 police : n.y. detective caught on video stealing $ 3,000 <sec> new york police detective ian cyrus has been suspended pending internal investigation .  he is accused of stealing $ 3,000 during an illegal cigarettes raid , police sa .
 two california men plead not guilty in giants fan beating <sec> new : a woman who 's the sister of one defendant wo n't be charged , prosecutor 's office says .  victim bryan stow , hospitalized since march , remains in serious condition .  only one witness has identified louie sanchez at crime scene , prosecutor says .  no witnesses have identified marvin norwood at the crime scene , prosecutor say .
 jay leno hospitalized ; 'tonight show ' tapings canceled <sec> jay leno 's representative , tracy st. pierre , would not disclose illness .  network cancels tapings of thursday and friday night shows .  leno will be 59 years old on tuesda .
