 community mourns fallen teen basketball hero in michigan <sec> wes leonard collapsed after scoring a winning basket in overtime .  his shot secured a perfect season for his high school team .  an autopsy revealed the teen died of cardiac arrest due to an enlarged hear .
 thai court sentences activist to 10 years in prison for insulting king <sec> the ruling `` undermines the right to freedom of expression , '' the eu says .  somyot pruksakasemsuk will appeal the verdict , his lawyer says .  the court ruled that he breached thailand 's strict lese majeste .  it found that articles published by a paper he edited were insulting to the monarch .
 pirelli admit tire testing 'inadequacies ' <sec> f1 supplier pirelli admit inadequacies of winter testing .  admission comes on eve of pirelli announcement on changing tires .  move comes after widespread criticism of tire degradation in sunday 's spanish grand pri .
 space archaeologist unlocks secrets of ancient civilizations <sec> sarah parcak is an egyptologist and professor at the university of alabama at birmingham .  the space archaeologist uses satellite imaging to locate lost settlements and pyramids .  also called `` remote sensing , '' the satellite imagery can also be used to crackdown on lootin .
 just how good is china 's new 'stealth ' fighter ? <sec> air show provides rare glimpse of china 's home-grown military hardware .  china has made progress in weapons technology , but doubts persist on battlefield readiness .  there 's much interest in its new shenyang fc-31 fighter , which is said to be `` stealthy '' .  but some analysts believe it may be overweight and underpowere .
 tensions flare in wisconsin after assembly passes bill on union rights <sec> democrats chanted `` shame , shame , shame '' moments after assembly vote .  fourteen democratic senators have fled the state in bid to keep bill from passing .  thousands have protested proposal to limit collective bargaining .  wisconsin state assembly passed controversial legislatio .
 spain 's most famous judge takes stand <sec> baltasar garzon refuses to answer prosecution questions .  the private prosecution is led by a small civil servants union .  he faces a private prosecution for investigating crimes under the franco regime .  critics accuse him of ignoring an amnesty law passed by parliamen .
 boy scouts ban obese kids from outing <sec> no one with a bmi of 40 and above can participate in jamboree .  boy scouts have thousands of other summer camp experiences .  most who could not meet the bmi requirement chose not to apply .  nonprofit wants the boy scouts to reconsider bmi polic .
 opinion : what is isis hoping its abhorrent beheading video will achieve ? <sec> video of james foley being beheaded by isis militants sent shockwaves across world .  `` message to america '' aimed at striking fear in western governments and citizens alike .  erin saltman says new frontline for counter-terrorist practitioners is online extremism .  `` only by empowering vast moderate majority can we turn tide against isis . '' .  says saltma .
 how not to be -- or date -- an overlapper <sec> some people afraid to be alone are guilty of dating overlapping .  they cheat on both partners while transitioning between relationships .  overlappers ca n't be trusted -- they might do it to you .  because they 're narcissistic , they 'll trade you in for better mode .
 clashes , widespread damage mark annual march in n. ireland <sec> rioters attack police on historic protestant holiday .  at least 27 police injured in two different locations , including three hit by shotgun blast .  people throw objects and explosives .  disruption began on eve of holida .
 how walmart can help confront racism ( opinion ) <sec> john crawford iii , who was shopping , was shot by a white police officer in walmart .  van jones : there is video evidence and walmart should release the tape to the public .  he says racism is not a thing of the past ; implicit bias lurks in our minds .  jones : walmart has an obligation to make sure that black people feel safe in its store .
 mexican attorney general : six suspects confess to raping spanish tourists <sec> the case is `` resolved , '' mexico 's attorney general says .  attorney general jesus murillo karam says six suspects have confessed .  one suspect connected with the attack remains at large , he says .  the high-profile case in the mexican resort city of acapulco has drawn worldwide attentio .
 scandal-plagued oregon democrat officially resigns from house <sec> new : a primary election will be november 8 and a general election , january 31 .  a republican businessman says he will run for the seat .  the daughter of one of wu 's fundraisers accused him of unwanted sexual advances .  wu postponed his formal resignation until after the debt-ceiling vote this wee .
 u.n. demands syrian rebels release peacekeepers <sec> syrian rebels are holding 21 u.n. peacekeepers near golan heights .  the philippines says the peacekeepers are filipino .  the u.n. is demanding their release , saying they were on a `` regular supply mission '' .  a massive explosion ripped through the city of raqqa , but the cause is unclea .
 over 115 million bake in heat , with more scorching temps to come <sec> about 350,000 customers in east , central u.s. did n't have power friday night .  temperatures top 100 in chicago , kansas city , columbus and elsewhere .  it 'll get hotter in spots saturday , with 100-plus likely in washington , new york .  6 heat-related deaths are reported in chicago area and 3 in rock county , wisconsi .
 day before bombing , shahzad made a dry run in manhattan , source says <sec> new : isuzu driven from connecticut to times square day before planned attack .  new : shahzad accidently left keys to the isuzu inside the bomb-laden pathfinder .  shahzad felt islam was under attack , source says .  `` the dynamic appeared to have changed in the last year , '' official say .
 costner delivers poignant eulogy for co-star houston <sec> costner recalls a woman who doubted herself .  he reveals how she was chosen to star in 'the bodyguard ' .  'you were as beautiful as a woman could be , ' he says .  he speaks about the burdens of fam .
 opinion : stop isis terrorists now , before it 's too late <sec> sen. marco rubio is worried about the growing threat of isis in iraq .  isis poses a real threat not just to iraq 's stability but also to u.s. security , he argues .  he is calling for u.s. airstrikes to target their leaders .  rubio : an iraq unity government must be formed without nuri al-malik .
 morsy signs egypt 's constitution into law <sec> morsy signs decree .  more liberal provinces voted in the first round ; 56.6 % favor the new constitution .  critics say it is passed too quickly ; minority groups say they were excluded .  human rights watch says it `` protects some rights but undermines others .
 woman who underwent sex change wins workplace discrimination claim <sec> transgender workers are protected under the constitution , a judicial panel rules .  `` gender non-conformity ... protections are afforded to everyone , '' the ruling says .  vandy beth glenn says she was told her change would be viewed as `` immoral .
 orioles pitcher alfredo simon freed in dominican republic <sec> simon still faces a charge of involuntary homicide in the dominican republic .  the charge is related to a new year 's eve killing .  he paid bail of about $ 50,000 .  he is free to travel to the united states , where he remains on the orioles roste .
 ecuador temporarily bans alcohol sales after 21 die <sec> new : health minister : the contaminated alcohol contained a `` potent poison '' .  new : a province governor says the alcohol came in unlabeled bottles .  officials announce a 72-hour national dry law .  21 deaths are reported in los rios provinc .
 final tower of london poppy 'planted ' on armistice day <sec> more than four million people have visited poppy art installation at tower of london .  `` blood swept lands and seas of red '' is made up of more than 880,000 ceramic flowers .  each poppy represents a british or colonial soldier killed in world war i .  final bloom will be planted on 11 november ; flowers will then be `` picked '' and sol .
 ferrari chief coy over massa future <sec> ferrari president luca di montezemolo will look at team 's drivers at the end of season .  di montezemolo praises felipe massa 's performance at monaco grand grix .  ferrari chief describes fernando alonso as the `` best driver in the world '' .  di montezemolo : `` now we are in the lead .. it 's only up to us to win the championship .
 'twilight ' author : it started with a dream <sec> `` twilight '' author stephenie meyer reveals her inspiration for the book .  `` i really had gotten into that zombie mom way of doing things ... '' before a dream .  nine people rejected her book , five ignored it , one said `` i 'd like to read more '' .  coven of vampires added to `` new moon '' after her mom suggested more action at en .
 yemen president calls for new national unity government <sec> new : yemen 's president calls for a new government to oversee parliamentary elections .  new : president saleh calls on security forces to prevent violence .  protesters return to the streets , some carrying photos of the two people who died tuesday .  `` we have nothing to lose , '' says a demonstrato .
 profile : cristiano ronaldo <sec> ronaldo voted fifa world player of the year and european player of year .  he has also represented portugal at the both world and european finals .  ronaldo was signed by manchester united from sporting lisbon in 2003 .  23-year-old scored 42 goals in all competitions for his club in 2007/8 seaso .
 michael schumacher : journalist tries to sneak into hospital room <sec> seven time formula one champion michael schumacher remains in french hospital after a skiing accident .  his manager reveals a journalist tried to enter his room disguised as a priest .  fans have laid ferrari flags outside the hospital in alpine city of grenoble .  schumacher 's family have thanked `` people around the world '' for their suppor .
 tony fernandes profile <sec> tony fernandes is the ceo of asia 's biggest budget airline .  he studied in the uk and joined richard branson 's virgin records .  in 2001 fernandes bought air asia for just 26 cent .
 some gop-led states look at electoral vote changes <sec> new : a spokesman for the virginia governor says he does not support the proposal .  gop state legislatures consider changing how they allocate electoral votes .  the proposed changes would have hurt president obama in last year 's election .  a similar push followed the hotly contested 2000 presidential electio .
 'blackfish ' sparks debate over taking kids to animal parks <sec> `` blackfish '' tells the story of the 2010 death of an experienced seaworld trainer .  it questions the safety and humaneness of keeping killer whales in captivity .  parents across the country have different feelings about taking kids to seaworld and zoos .  there are benefits and costs to keeping animals in captivity , parents sa .
 glastonbury fest organizers asked to replace kanye west <sec> one music fan in the uk wants him out of the glastonbury festival .  he 's started a petition calling for organizers to replace hi .
 jonbenet ramsey case : da says no charges to pursue <sec> 'i know how difficult these decisions are , '' stan garnett writes .  he says staff has reviewed case , which remains unsolved .  parents owed presumption of innocence , he writes .  jonbenet ramsey was killed in 1996 in her parents ' hom .
 iraqis say iran has seized oil well in iraq , demand withdrawal <sec> new : iraqi official says iranian ambassador to iraq has been summoned over matter .  iran denies incident happened ; iraqi government blames iranian `` armed group '' .  well is in maysan province , east of amara , near iranian border , officials say .  the two countries fought 8-year war that ended in 1988 with parts of border under disput .
 samsung to fight court ruling in apple patent dispute <sec> samsung says it will `` move immediately to file post-verdict motions to overturn '' ruling .  its statement comes after a jury recommends samsung pay apple in patent trial .  the jury did not recommend awarding samsung any money in its counterclaim .
 syrian jihadists using twitter to recruit foreign fighters <sec> islamist defector says twitter , google chat and skype used to recruit foreign fighters .  west is concerned foreign fighters will return to home countries with terrorist plots .  defector says foreign fighters are recruited over weeks .  he says one recruit wanted to see an execution video ; others asked about marriag .
 george michael in 'toilet drugs arrest ' <sec> george michael cautioned after being arrested for drugs in london public toilet .  pop star was released with a caution for possession of class a , class c drugs .  press reports claim police were tipped off by a suspicious toilet attendan .
 iraqi president heads to germany for medical treatment <sec> jalal talabani was hospitalized earlier this week in iraq .  a kurdish lawmaker said talabani had a stroke .  talabani 's office said he was suffering from hardening of the arterie .
 'sons of anarchy ' ratings beat broadcast networks <sec> broadcast shows on tuesdays at 10 p.m. are struggling in ratings .  fx 's `` sons of anarchy '' has no problem clearing that hurdle .  the show had 4.6 million watch on tuesday , with a 2.4 in the adult demo .  that episode was the fifth season 's best rating since september 's premier .
 russia flag stunt gets bloodhound gang band in trouble <sec> a member of u.s. rock band bloodhound gang wipes a russian flag between his legs .  the stunt at a gig in ukraine goes viral on youtube , sparks russian anger .  the band is barred from playing at a russian music festival , minister says .  member of the band 's crew says they were beaten up at russian airport by nationalist .
 man barges into white house after jumping lawn fence <sec> white house fence jumper made into the building .  a man was seen running across property .  the incident occurred after obama and his daughters had left the grounds .  it 's unclear how the man made his way onto the propert .
 cnn student news transcript : february 9 , 2011 <sec> learn about the goal of talks between north and south korea .  consider a plan in detroit to sell foreclosed homes to police .  explore one school district 's plan to incorporate arabic classes .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 new app helps you avoid your friends , exes <sec> a new iphone app helps you avoid running into people you 'd rather not see .  it pulls location information from your foursquare and instagram networks .  users can set up notifications for certain people they want to avoi .
 treasury department reports employee misconduct <sec> a treasury report documents several incidents of misconduct by employees .  one bank regulator got gifts from a florida bank on at least four occasions .  inspector-general says reports show treasury has little tolerance for misconduc .
 'miracle on the hudson ' plane bound for north carolina <sec> us airways plane will have new home at north carolina museum .  crew of flight 1549 was forced to land plane in hudson river .  the airbus 320 will be reassembled in charlotte .  capt . .  sullenberger is expected to speak at a june 11 receptio .
 `` becoming steve jobs '' softens apple co-founder 's image <sec> new book , `` becoming steve jobs , '' offers a gentler vision of the mercurial ceo .  apple execs have praised the new book over walter isaacson 's 2011 bestseller .  among new book 's tidbits : when jobs was dying , tim cook offered piece of his live .
 how the higgs can lead us to the dark universe <sec> discovery of higgs boson can help us find dark matter particles , says physicist sean carroll .  dark matter is mysterious , invisible and passes through ordinary matter .  higgs boson could interact both with ordinary protons and neutrons and also with dark matter .  carroll says it may be possible to produce dark matter at the large hadron collide .
 carpenter who cut off his fingers builds a 'robohand ' <sec> robohand makes cheap artificial hands and arms using 3-d printers .  founder richard van as lost four fingers in a carpentry accident .  robohand 's designs are open source so others can download and print the .
 pacquiao goes legal over drugs claims <sec> manny pacquiao files lawsuit in las vegas against floyd mayweather jr. and his connections .  filipino boxing hero is angered by alleged claims that he used performance-enhancing drugs .  mayweather 's camp want both boxers to submit to olympic-style dope testing in build-up to proposed fight .  pacquiao is angered by this insistence and warned on christmas day that he would go lega .
 saudi mission to reopen in egypt <sec> saudi ambassador ahmad kattan is returning to egypt .  `` we will not allow this incident crisis to prolong , '' king abdullah says .  the ambassador was pulled after protests in front of the saudi embass .
 u.n. report alleges widespread killings by kenyan police <sec> report : police death squads operate on the orders of senior officials .  calls for resignation of attorney general , replacement of police commissioner .  philip alston accuses security forces of killing hundreds of men in 2008 crackdown .  kenya questions investigator 's `` approach , conduct and method of work .
 mcconnell : isis military authorization coming in 2015 <sec> mitch mcconnell says the senate will vote on a bill authorizing military action against isis in early 2015 .  the incoming senate majority leader says he wants president barack obama to request the authority for war .  obama would be in a `` much stronger position '' if the fight against isis with congressional support , mcconnell say .
 2 sikhs beheaded in pakistan 's northwest <sec> two sikhs in pakistan 's tribal northwest kidnapped and beheaded .  men were kidnapped by taliban for ransom from khyber agency two weeks ago .  they were killed when their family members were unable to pay their ransom .  increasing influence of islamic militants in region has put pressure on sikh .
 source : 3 european hostages released in yemen <sec> 3 people kidnapped in yemen in december are freed .  they were believed to have been kidnapped by al qaeda in the arabian peninsula .  two of the freed captives are finnish , and one austria .
 200,000 chinese toy dolls deemed dangerous , seized at u.s. ports <sec> more than 200,000 dolls from china allegedly contain banned chemicals .  the 10 shipments are valued at almost $ 500,000 , authorities say .  investigators used `` advanced technology '' to track down the shipments , officials say .  u.s. toy industry association praises seizur .
 ferrari chief : alonso 's valencia victory energizes title push <sec> ferrari president delighted with fernando alonso 's victory at the european grand prix .  luca di montezemolo says spaniard 's victory can energize ferrari 's push for f1 title .  alonso is the first driver to win two races this season after he secured victory in valencia .  the 30-year-old leads the drivers ' championship by 20 points from mark webbe .
 hundreds missing in sri lankan landslide <sec> eight dead , hundreds missing in sri lanka landslide , lankapuvath news agency reports .  the landslide struck a village in south-central badulla district wednesday morning .  rescue efforts had to be suspended due to poor weather , news agency say .
 a race for life : double lung transplant woman sails atlantic <sec> justine laymond is the first double lung transplant survivor to have raced across an ocean .  laymond decided to take part in the race to raise awareness for organ transplantation .  in the clipper round the world yacht race crews are made up by ordinary people .  this year more than 500 people from 41 countries are taking part in the 40,000 mile rac .
 touring germany 's world-class automotive museums <sec> three cities in southern germany host museums dedicated to the country 's leading car brands .  enthusiasts can tour collections of priceless cars made by bmw , audis , mercedes-benz and porsche .  the museums can be explored in two days using munich or stuttgart as a bas .
 human to hero : british gymnastics ' rising star follows her idol <sec> british gymnast jennifer pinches hoping to reach her first olympics later this year .  pinches became british champion in 2007 when she was just 13-years-old .  the 17-year-old has been part of the british gymnastics squad since 2010 .  gb came fifth in all-round competition at 2011 world artistic gymnastics champ .
 delays , furloughs , security cuts : sequester hits judiciary hard <sec> forced federal budget cuts took effect in march .  cuts impact most agencies , but some have budget flexibility .  judge tells senate that impact on judiciary has been sweeping .  court officials seek help from lawmaker .
 islamist group isis claims deadly lebanon blast , vows more violence <sec> a sunni islamist group claims responsibility for a suicide bombing in beirut .  the group , isis , says it 's the `` first small payment '' in a bigger push against hezbollah .  thursday 's car bomb detonated in a beirut suburb known as a hezbollah stronghold .  lebanon has seen a surge in violence as tensions are exacerbated by syria 's civil wa .
 indictment : prosecutor 's dad kidnapped after botched web search <sec> nine people face charges in kidnapping of frank janssen , a prosecutor 's father .  kelvin melton allegedly masterminded plot from jail , as revenge for his prosecution .  indictment : botched internet search led kidnappers to wrong house in north carolina .  janssen rescued after melton allegedly told kidnappers to kill him , documents sa .
