 sheriff : 'swamp people ' star mitchell guist died of 'natural causes ' <sec> new : `` natural causes '' is the preliminary autopsy finding .  mitchell guist died monday after falling on his boat .  `` swamp people '' chronicles the lives of alligator hunters in louisiana .  `` we 're thinking about him almost every minute , '' said `` swamp people '' executive produce .
 send your name into space , maybe to mars <sec> nasa is taking names , just names , to send into space .  eventually , some of the names will fly on a microchip to mars .  the deadline for the first mission is hallowee .
 opinion : russell brand : do n't blame muslims <sec> cnn radio podcast features cnn opinion contributors and a guest on top three stories .  john avlon : departing michele bachmann has been a symbol for worst in u.s. politics .  russell brand : blame mental illness for england hacking attack , not muslims .  hoover , obeidallah , avlon offer advice for class of 2013 : success needs hard wor .
 could malaysia airlines flight 370 have slipped by radar ? <sec> new : thai data bolster belief that the jet turned sharply westward .  experts disagree over whether plane could have slipped past radar undetected .  analyst : radar blind spots could be determined `` easily '' .  security consultant : someone could have planned a route to avoid detectio .
 iraq : isis bulldozes ancient assyrian city of nimrud <sec> nimrud was city in assyrian kingdom , which flourished between 900 b.c . .  and 612 b.c . .  isis has destroyed other ancient sites in iraq , home of some of earliest civilization .
 rfk jr. 's strange remarks on autism <sec> david perry : robert kennedy jr. compared autism to the holocaust , wrongly tied it to vaccines .  he says it 's sad such a prominent kennedy demeans people with autis .
 garth brooks out of retirement , to play vegas <sec> new : garth brooks to perform at `` series of special engagements '' in vegas .  retired since 2000 , brooks has done tribute singles , sang at inauguration festivities .  country singer , one of the biggest of all time , announced comeback in nashville .  brooks dominated the '90s with albums such as `` ropin ' the wind .
 toyota reports first annual loss <sec> toyota reports its first annual net loss of $ 4.4 billion .  company will reduce dividend to 100 yen per share from 140 .  the appreciation of yen , increased costs and decrease in car buyers blame .
 fred craddock , a 'preaching genius , ' dies at 86 <sec> fred craddock revolutionized art of preaching .  craddock was selected as one of the world 's best preachers .  he died friday at 86 in georgi .
 5-way kidney swap offers hope for unmatched donors <sec> computer software matches incompatible donors for five-way organ swap .  san francisco surgeons did all five transplants on the same day .  all patients are doing well two days later , the hospital says .  live kidney donations are down as the waiting list grow .
 jeras : preparedness , communication key during tornadoes <sec> jeras : there is still a high false alarm rate with tornado warnings .  `` what happened in birmingham and tuscaloosa can happen to you , '' jeras says .  the weather service is changing its radar to one better detects weaker tornadoes .  people need to be prepared all year round , jeras say .
 manchester united announce stock listing in new york <sec> manchester united have announced their share listing on the new york stock exchange .  ten per cent of the club will be available for purchase .  the glazer family , the club 's controversial owners , look set to pocket half of the money raised .  the club is thought to be in roughly $ 663 million of deb .
 tv 's judge joe brown jailed after courtroom argument , court says <sec> brown is released from jail on his own recognizance , cnn affiliate reports .  brown was booked into the shelby county , tennessee , jail in memphis monday .  the former judge was in court to represent a client in a child-support case .  brown presided over a reality tv show based on court case arbitration for 15 year .
 government report : tsa employee misconduct up 26 % in 3 years <sec> tsa deputy chief says agency has a good workforce , moves quickly to fire bad apples .  most tsa officers `` conduct themselves honorably , '' lawmaker says .  tsa critic , rep. john mica , says new gao report shows tsa is doing little to prevent misconduct .  report details 26 % increase in misconduct cases among tsa employees from 2010 to 2012 .
 zombie killers vs snail thieves : african gaming apps <sec> africa 's burgeoning smartphone market is driving growth in gaming apps .  kola studios creates gaming apps , including zombie-killing game .  thoopid is one of a number of south african game developers .  but african game makers often struggle for fundin .
 new york boy who died rescuing relatives gets firefighter funeral <sec> tyler doohan , 8 , saved six relatives from fire .  he died trying to save his grandfather .  he will be laid to rest wednesday in ceremony befitting a fallen firefighte .
 club launches fund to care for disabled sister of dead italian soccer player <sec> piermario morosini collapsed and died during game on saturday .  morosini 's parents and brother died when he was in his teens .  udinese sets up fundraising initiative to help disabled sister .  club 's captain says it has a duty to look after he .
 14 years later , dell founder backtracks on apple attack <sec> michael dell seems to regret a statement he made about apple in 1997 .  dell had once said that apple should shut itself down .  now , dell praises steve jobs and calls him a frien .
 bravo sets 'top chef : seattle ' premiere date <sec> wolfgang puck is the newest `` top chef '' judge .  the new season premieres on bravo november 7 .  this year 's crop of 21 contestants are drawn from some of the top local restaurant .
 why west is wrong on arab women ( opinion ) <sec> arab women have a long history of participating in the region 's upheavals , zainab salbi says .  situation has deteriorated for many women in mideast since arab spring , she says .  how women treated offers useful barometer of where a society is heading , salbi say .
 cnn student news transcript : march 15 , 2010 <sec> discover the reason why president obama postponed a trip overseas .  meet a high school , varsity football coach who stands out in the field .  hear how one tutor helps out thousands of students around the world .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 godolphin doping scandal widens <sec> st leger winner encke is latest horse to be caught up in british racing 's doping scandal .  american-bred horse is one of seven in yard of mahmood al zarooni to test positive .  22 horses are now banned for a minimum period of six month .
 a meteor and asteroid : 1 in 100 million odds <sec> meg urry : friday was an extremely unusual day , astronomically speaking .  urry : the probability that a meteor hits and an asteroid passes by is improbable .  she says the chance of the two events happening on the same day is about 1 in 100 million .  urry : even though we think they could be connected , the two rare events are not connecte .
 commentary : is this the start of another great depression ? <sec> eichengreen : serious mistakes were made by policy makers in depression .  today 's leaders know the lessons of the depression , he says .  still , events are rapidly overtaking the resources of the central banks , he says .  eichengreen : the problem ca n't wait until inauguration day to be solve .
 florida officer recounts run-in with fugitive dougherty siblings <sec> officer kevin widner was shot at by the three siblings .  he was not hurt .  the fugitives were captured wednesday in colorad .
 why you really should get 'fit by 40 ' <sec> michelle jackson got nervous about her weight as her 40th birthday approached .  women 's metabolisms slow in the premenopausal years because of hormone changes .  weight training and eating a balanced diet is important to stay healthy after 4 .
 autopsy report : border patrol agent in arizona died of gunshot wound to head <sec> nicholas j. ivie was killed last month near the arizona-mexico border .  an initial investigation suggests he was killed in a friendly-fire shooting , the fbi says .  the pima county medical examiner 's office says ivie died of a gunshot to the hea .
 inside zimbabwe 's controversial marange diamond field <sec> cnn granted exclusive access to the controversial marange diamond fields .  high voltage barbed wire fences surround the diamond mines , where workers are searched .  four zimbabwe companies now can sell their diamonds on the international market .  the human rights organization global witness called the decision `` shocking .
 3 americans killed in shanghai plane crash <sec> three americans die when cargo plane crashes at shanghai 's pudong international airport .  three people who died were among seven crew members on plane .  plane was on its way to kyrgyzstan and caught fire on takeof .
 kidnappers free mother of nigerian finance minister <sec> the mother of nigerian finance minister ngozi okonjo-iweala is freed .  kamene okonjo was abducted five days ago from her home .  okonjo is well and in good health , a police spokesman says .  it remains unclear who her abductors were or what their motive wa .
 serena williams returns to indian wells <sec> world no . .  1 had vowed never to return to scene of her first professional victory .  she and her family suffered racist abuse during 2001 final against kim clijsters .  australian open champion says changing attitudes in the game helped decision .  she will play with 'a new understanding of the true meaning of forgiveness .
 candidates prepare to take center stage <sec> obama , romney to face off in three debates next month .  debates mark last chance to reach large tv audience of undecided voters .  obama campaign trying to lower expectations ahead of october 3 debate .  national polls show close race , obama with a slight edge in some battleground state .
 why margaret thatcher was both icon and outcast <sec> margaret thatcher was the uk 's first female prime minister .  she had changed the philosophy of the conservatives as well other parties .  thatcher founded popular capitalism in britain .  her strength made her an icon to conservatives in many parts of the worl .
 boeing : dreamliner engines have icing risk <sec> boeing says some ge engines need fix for icing .  caution to avoid storms applies to some 747-8 planes as well as 787 dreamliners .  the dreamliner is boeing 's latest high-tech , fuel-efficient airline .
 gop spokesman comes out , pushes marriage equality <sec> james richardson is a republican and wants you to know that he wants to get married to a man .  he wrote a column publicly announcing his sexuality .  he will advocate for marriage equality within the republican part .
 before you submit your story , read this <sec> cnn 's ireport boot camp challenges ireporters to improve storytelling chops .  cnn.com editor audrey irvine shares her tips on packaging your final story .  turn in your final story by monday , september 2 .
 alan gross savors freedom after release from cuba <sec> rep. van hollen : alan gross became `` a catalyst '' for next chapter in u.s.-cuba relations .  gross has been a guest of the obamas , got to meet pope francis since release from cuba .  he 's also been to the dentist , watched a d.c. snowfall and indulged in some good foo .
 roma agree deal for barca 's bojan <sec> barcelona sell young forward bojan krkic to italian side roma in a deal worth $ 17.3 million .  european champions have option to buy back 20-year-old in 2013 for $ 18.7 million .  bojan 's spain under-21 teammate diego capel joins portugal 's sporting lisbon .  turkish club galatasaray sign brazil midfielder felipe melo on loan from italy 's juventu .
 bradbury was a writer of perils , possibilities and wonder <sec> gene seymour : ray bradbury could mix menace with magical possibilities .  he says bradbury drew on his illinois hometown to juxtapose familiar things with the future .  but his approach , deceptively simple on the surface , held social message along with dread .  bradbury died wednesday at age 9 .
 opinion : chrysler , profits over people 's lives <sec> chrysler recalls jeeps for software fix , but not models in which 51 people burned to death .  ditlow : company putting occupants of these models at risk of vehicle going up in flames .  ditlow : refusing to recall these 2.7 million jeeps puts profits over safety .  he says chrysler was bailed out by taxpayers for $ 10 billion ; recall would cost $ 300 millio .
 obama pledges to speed up road projects , add jobs <sec> white house orders aim to speed up construction projects .  obama blasts republicans for blocking his jobs bill .  `` if there 's money in the pipeline , we want to get it out faster , '' he say .
 police : mother chained son to radiator for two weeks <sec> florence pollard , 31 , and her boyfriend , brian craig , 29 , have been arrested in new jersey .  she 's accused of chaining her son , 10 , to her bedroom radiator for past two weeks .  camden county police chief : `` this level of depravity inflicted upon a child is chilling . '' .  pollard and craig remain in jail ; she has five other childre .
 opinion : how mickey rooney showed america its heart <sec> neal gabler : rooney was very unusual in hollywood . .  a child actor with enduring success .  he says he had quality unlike male stars of golden age : not powerful , but plucky , vulnerable .  he conquered through energy , determination , not strength . .  his image was hopeful , sincere .  gabler : he expressed how americans wanted to see themselve .
 suspect arrested in brutal slaying of gay man in puerto rico <sec> new : activist attributes ill will toward gays to some religious , political leaders ' `` hate rhetoric '' .  puerto rican gay community wants police to see if slaying was a hate crime .  fbi is monitoring investigation and is prepared to offer help , agent says .  suspect , 27 , was to attend tuesday court hearing , which was postponed several time .
 millions without power in havana and other parts of cuba <sec> new : `` western cuba is without power , '' a pro-government blogger says .  residents in havana and elsewhere in cuba suddenly lost power around 8 p.m . .  a government spokesman says havana is in the dark , except those with generators .  residents elsewhere on the island say they have no power , though some d .
 women who give up smoking extend lives by 10 years <sec> a new study examines more than a million women in the united kingdom .  women who smoke throughout adult years have three times the risk of dying .  women smokers are also at a greater risk of heart disease than male smokers .  quitting smoking before middle age can virtually eliminate this ris .
 china : more eggs found containing melamine <sec> tainted eggs from hanwei were discovered in hong kong late last week .  u.n. concerned that melamine has been introduced to animal feed .  tainted milk powder scandal sickened 50,000 chinese children ; killed four .  chinese food exports to the united states have risen five-fold since 199 .
 for saudis , abdullah redefined what it means to be king <sec> until his passing , king abdullah remained committed to articulating and implementing a clear vision for saudi arabia .  many remember the monarch for his foreign policy initiatives , including his plan for comprehensive peace between israel and its arab neighbors .  king allowed saudis to follow his lead and speak with greater freedom about a range of issue .
 boston buried in snow ; new storm for northeast <sec> thursday storm could bring another 3 to 6 inches of snow .  `` mother nature makes the rules , '' massachusetts gov . .  charlie baker says .  schools are closed again tuesday in some areas , including bosto .
 why 2015 could be the year europe begins to unravel <sec> 2015 looks like being a very difficult year for the euro and the european union , oakley says .  anti-austerity party syriza could win snap election in greece , threatening to reverse reforms .  spain and portugal have euroskeptic parties riding high in polls , and elections due soo .
 how mozambique turned from war zone to tourist hotspot <sec> it has been nearly 20 years since mozambique 's civil war ended .  the capital maputo has a number of lively cafes and jazz venues .  with 2,500km of coastline there are a number of unspoilt beaches .  the markets are bursting with fresh fish caught by local fisherme .
 chinese mh370 relatives make late-night march to malaysian embassy <sec> mh370 families hold sit-in outside the malaysian embassy in beijing .  relatives marched from their hotel after request to meet malaysian ambassador failed .  more than once in recent weeks malaysian authorities have not shown up for talks with relatives .  new : china appeals to protesters to express concerns in `` legal and rational way .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> we take a look at the middle east 's problem with rising youth population .  70 percent of the region 's population is under 30 .  secretary general of the arab league , amr moussa , talks about solution .
 bayern munich march on with win against nuremburg <sec> bayern munich restore 13-point lead at top of bundesliga with 2-0 win against nuremburg .  second-place leverkusen beat monchegladbach 1-0 on friday ; dortmund thrash bremen 5-1 .  fourth place schalke take on hannover on sunda .
 ship crew held for 1,000 days rescued off coast of yemen <sec> official : the hostages ' 1,000 days in captivity was the longest anyone has been held by pirates .  their rescue was the result of a two-week operation .  one member of the ship 's crew reportedly committed suicide ; another was killed by pirates .  international maritime bureau says the hostages show signs of physical abuse and illnes .
 this deaf dj does n't need to hear <sec> dj robbie wilde lost full hearing in his right ear and 80 % in his left .  wilde tried to keep hearing loss a secret in school , but other students knew and mocked him .  wilde says he 's found his passion spinning music ; he loves to do what makes him happ .
 singer has some fame , but no 'zach braff effect ' <sec> josh rouse has fans among other songwriters .  `` love vibration '' singer has no hits , but songs in tv shows , movies .  what 's next ? .  `` afro-brazilian record in spanish .
 new york child welfare officials missed signs boy was at risk <sec> review : authorities missed signs in case of boy burned and beaten to death .  mayor bill de blasio : `` we want to learn from this tragedy '' .  child welfare official : `` should we have done something differently ? .  yes .
 woman arrested in british phonehacking probe <sec> british police are investigating claims that journalists were behind widespread hacking .  news of the world apologized to a number of people and paid compensation to sienna miller .  a british lawmaker said in parliament that police have information suggesting more hacking .  media reports say tony blair and kate middleton were among the victim .
 'sick soccer ' probe launched in italy <sec> italian football faces new scandal -- this time tax evasion probe .  ac milan , juventus and lazio are among clubs being investigated .  over 200 police officers looking at more than 50 player transfers .  top turkish sides barred from europe on match-fixing charge .
 u.s. , china vow action on climate change <sec> president obama , chinese leader pledge to work to reduce carbon emissions .  move comes before u.n . .  climate change conference in denmark .  china and u.s. are largest producers of greenhouse gases .  obama , chinese president hu jintao do n't offer a timetabl .
 kansas city killings charged to man previously accused <sec> new : brandon howell , 34 , faces first-degree murder , assault and other charges .  new : he 's accused of killing 3 , wounding 2 others in a kansas city neighborhood .  new : authorities say he then assaulted people at a motel 6 , before being caught .  new : a kansas jury acquitted howell on 2 murder charges in 200 .
 mikulski makes history while creating 'zone of civility ' for senate women <sec> mikulski will become the longest-serving female member of congress on saturday .  women senators say they try to maintain their `` zone of civility '' .  mikulski credited with cultivating relationships among women in congress .  she is proud of creating a collegial oasis inside a partisan atmospher .
 possible japan tsunami debris found in oregon <sec> debris from boat to be dried , inspected and taken to landfill .  the debris contained fish normally found in japanese waters .  the earthquake and tsunami hit japan in march 201 .
