 secretary-general calls for action on syria , touts u.n. role in arab spring <sec> `` it is time for the international community to act '' in syria , ban ki-moon says .  the united nations played `` essential role in libya , '' he says .  ban draws a parallel between occupy wall street and arab sprin .
 obama wants to overhaul education from 'cradle to career ' <sec> obama stresses investments in early childhood initiatives . .  president says `` challenges of a new century '' demand more time in classroom .  he calls for end to the practice of lowering state reading , math standards .  obama pledges to push for major expansion of performance-based pay program .
 young player had brain damage more often seen in nfl veterans <sec> nfl star chris henry was found to have a type of brain damage seen in older players .  findings have raised questions about brain injuries and safety in high-contact sports .  patients with cte exhibit poor decision-making , behavioral problems , relationship problem .
 sources : bobbi kristina brown 's breathing tube removed <sec> brown , daughter of late singing star whitney houston , will now be ventilated through a hole in her throat .  `` this is an indication that the patient will need this for weeks and months to come , '' says cnn 's sanjay gupt .
 india convicts biggest corporate scandal <sec> satyam computers services was at the center of a massive $ 1.6 billion fraud case in 2009 .  the software services exporter 's chairman , ramalinga raju , admitted inflating profits .  satyam had been india 's fourth-largest software services provide .
 analysis : high hopes and high expectations abroad for obama <sec> analysis : many see obama as the epitome of the american dream .  analysis : global excitement over obama 's election is also about bush 's exit .  analysis : obama faces complex foreign policy issues when he takes office .  analysis : americans will expect obama to protect their interests first and foremos .
 aaron hernandez : anderson cooper interviews the jurors <sec> `` we 're all equal , and we all deserve the same fair trial , '' says one juror .  the months-long murder trial of aaron hernandez brought jurors together .  foreperson : `` it 's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us .
 richard branson : virgin galactic spaceship will blast off in 2013 <sec> branson confirms rumors the first virgin galactic space tourists will take off in 2013 .  chief executive george whitesides says 529 aspiring astronauts have paid deposits .  branson also unveiled plans for new satellite service launcheron .
 court clears reciting of pledge of allegiance at western schools <sec> new : prominent attorney , an atheist , said prospects are dim , but he plans to appeal .  appeals court : pledge does not represent a government endorsement of religion .  ruling covers only the 11 western states and territories covered by the 9th circuit .  dissenting justice in 2-1 ruling said the pledge is an overtly religious messag .
 authorities solve the mystery of town 's odd noises , shaking <sec> residents of wisconsin town began reporting unexplained sounds sunday night .  shaking or vibrating sensations accompany the sounds .  usgs now says it 's the result of an earthquake `` swarm '' .  it measured one quake with a 1.5 magnitud .
 newtown opens eyes to other gun violence against young people <sec> philadelphia has the worst homicide rates among large u.s. cities .  more than 80 % of homicides there are committed with a firearm .  yet it takes a mass shooting to trigger attention to gun violence .  indifference toward urban slayings comes down to `` victim blaming , '' says one autho .
 robben double gives dutch win over experimental england side <sec> arjen robben scores superb double as dutch beat england 3-2 .  stand-in stuart pearce took charge of england in place fabio capello .  france stun germany 2-1 in bremen with olivier giroud scoring the opener .  lionel messi hat-trick as argentina beat swizerland 3- .
 how has iraqi city become a luxury property hot spot ? <sec> erbil in northern iraq is experiencing a luxury property boom .  vast oil and natural gas reserves have attracted investors from across the globe .  the city is situated far away from more volatile regions of the country which have experienced sectarian violence in recent year .
 bill clinton hindered wife 's vp chances , book reveals <sec> obama-clinton pairing was deemed a far-fetched dream ticket by democrats .  obama : `` i think bill may be too big a complication , '' former campaign manager writes .  obama was more serious about picking hillary clinton for vp than aides realized , book says .  david plouffe 's book `` the audacity to win , '' hits book stores november .
 f1 champion vettel : 'red bull out to dominate again ' <sec> red bull 's f1 world champion sebastian vettel eyes a third straight drivers ' title .  vettel clinched the crown in 2010 and 2011 and is f1 's youngest double champion .  the german was speaking at the launch of the rb8 , red bull 's eighth f1 car .  the uk-based team have won the last two constructors ' championship .
 opinion : why is fda dropping ball on 'superbug ? ' <sec> ford vox : lethal cre `` superbug '' outbreak needs coordinated effort by hospitals , government to beat it back .  he says outbreak caused by hard-to-clean medical device , fda has treated crisis with lack of urgenc .
 tweets from the boston manhunt <sec> many residents of suburban boston tweeted about friday morning 's manhunt .  images from watertown show police combing the streets , weapons draw .
 shooting hoops for peace in north korea <sec> american basketball club held training camps for north korean students .  club founder luke elie grew up with his missionary parents in south korea close to the dmz .  elie believes his was the first american basketball team ever to visit north korea .  new leader kim jong un is believed to love basketball , as did his fathe .
 rep. markey joins chorus of those against allowing small knives on airplanes <sec> the tsa said it would allow small knives onto planes , starting april 25 .  the agency 's chief says this brings the u.s. in compliance with world norms .  u.s. rep. ed markey calls the move unnecessary and potentially dangerous .  delta 's ceo , unions for flight attendants and federal law enforcement also oppose i .
 historic carriage to transport prince william and his bride <sec> the carriage was built in 1902 for king edward vii 's coronation .  princess diana rode in it with prince charles after their wedding .  another carriage will be used if it rains .  middleton will ride in a rolls-royce on her way to the weddin .
 my syria , by 'greatest living ' arab poet <sec> adonis won german goethe prize and was described by judges as the `` most important arab poet of our time '' .  he has been exiled from syria since 1956 .  adonis calls for peaceful change in syria without outside interventio .
 refugees protest food disruption in uganda <sec> lack of food causing deaths of children , refugees at ugandan settlement say .  protest began after three children died monday , refugee leader says .  united nations refugee agency denies any child has died of hunger at nakivale .  but agency acknowledges supply problem , says food coming wednesda .
 amelia earhart mystery again rises to the surface <sec> a grainy sonar image has been spotted , an aircraft recovery group says .  historian at amelia earhart birthplace museum skeptical of anything conclusive showing up .  technology today is advanced enough to locate a plane , a trade association official say .
 chris brown allowed to have contact with rihanna <sec> new : rihanna 's lawyer says she requested there be no `` no contact '' order .  chris brown 's arraignment delayed until april 6 .  brown charged with assault , making criminal threats .  victim identified as `` robyn f. '' ; `` robyn f. '' is rihann .
 imitation breeds success for 'frontierville ' <sec> zygna 's `` frontierville '' recently racked up 20 million users in 36 days .  tinney : `` frontierville '' is `` a step in the right direction '' for the company .  `` social game makers are just getting warmed up , '' says games.com 's goa .
 sneijder quits inter for galatasaray <sec> wesley sneijder leaves inter milan to join turkish club galatasaray .  dutch midfielder last played a competitive game for italian giants in september .  fee for the losing 2010 world cup finalist is believed to be around $ 10 millio .
 japan 's economy 'worst since end of wwii ' <sec> economic and fiscal policy minister says worst economic crisis since end of wwii .  japan 's gross domestic product fell 12.7 percent in the fourth quarter in 2008 .  a slump in exports has led to tens of thousands of layoffs across japa .
 room for only one celebrated black tv actress ? <sec> viola davis was nominated for awards this season , but kerry washington was not .  both star in tv shows tied to producer shonda rhimes .  maybe hollywood is n't as progressive as it thinks , one writer say .
 milan : ronaldinho returning to brazil <sec> italian serie a leaders expect ronaldinho to join a club in his native brazil .  the 30-year-old wants to return to his hometown club gremio if a deal can be agreed .  milan coach unsure if new striker antonio cassano will face cagliari on thursday .  english club newcastle sign on-loan france winger hatem ben arfa on a permanent dea .
 chaotic scene at symbol of state power in egypt <sec> new : police at interior ministry fire live rounds , rubber bullets and tear gas .  at least one person dies .  ministry is important symbol of government powe .
 suu kyi 's release spurs calls to free other prisoners <sec> obama : suu kyi is a personal `` hero '' .  military junta should release remaining prisoners .  burma campaign uk urges the world not to forget other prisoner .
 president-elect uhuru kenyatta of kenya a man of complexities <sec> uhuru kenyatta is one of the wealthiest men in the nation .  despite his popularity at home , he is facing charges of crimes against humanity .  analysts say his victory sends out a strong message to the wes .
 fbi : search under way for doll-faced bandit <sec> the fbi says it has clear photos of the robber 's face .  the photos are detailed and show some of the man 's feature .
 729 cats and the people they own <sec> cat fanciers ' association holds international cat show in atlanta , georgia .  more than 700 cats of 41 breeds participate in show .  kuorii santos of cuzzoe wins `` best in show '' .  cats give owners trouble on the agility course during training tim .
 review : rihanna 's 'talk that talk ' <sec> on her blissed-out sixth album , `` talk that talk , '' she 's stopped trying to play it so tough .  she 's still got two token i-like-it-rough tracks -- ''birthday cake '' and ''cockiness ( love it ) '' .  the album is all about dragging you out of the bedroom and onto the dance floo .
 returning sharapova seeded for wimbledon <sec> maria sharapova elevated to 24th seed by as wimbledon announces seeds .  injury-doubt rafael nadal top seed as he defends his wimbledon crown .  nadal to test his injured knees in exhibition tournament at hurlingham club .  dinara safina reaches third round of the ordina open in the netherland .
 rivers recalls richardson as 'amazing and darling ' <sec> joan rivers says natasha richardson and her family sailed in caribbean together .  stage actress and husband liam neeson were `` totally devoted , '' rivers recalls .  rivers says life can be taken in a flash : `` you walk out of your house and it 's over .
 divers to check possible airasia flight qz8501 pings <sec> an indonesian search vessel detected the pings , the country 's military chief says .  the tail of the airasia flight qz8501 was found wednesda .
 bloody algeria hostage crisis ends after 'final ' assault , officials say <sec> two americans unaccounted for , senior u.s. official says .  obama says `` scourge of terrorism '' must be fought .  algerian state news : at least 55 people , including hostages and militants , have died .  the militants targeted an eastern algerian gas facility where many foreigners worker .
 rapper t.i . sentenced to year and a day in prison , fined <sec> rapper t.i. , whose real name is clifford harris , sentenced on weapons charges .  he also must forfeit property , have supervised release , do more community service .  t.i . .  was arrested in federal sting hours before appearance at bet awards show .  he has mentored at-risk students as part of community servic .
 'controversy ' helped galaxy , says beckham <sec> la galaxy beat houston dynamo 2-0 to win the mls western conference championship .  beckham believes controversy over his first loan spell with ac milan brought team together .  the galaxy can win their third mls cup when they face real salt lake in seattle next weeken .
 chubby checker sues over 'chubby checker ' app that sizes up manhoods <sec> the `` chubby checker '' app has run afoul of the singer .  it claims to predict the size of a certain body part .  the app was removed years ag .
 acid attack victims in 'ground breaking ' photo shoot <sec> photo shoot uses acid attack victims as models .  one model rupa says photo shoot helped boost confidence .  photographer hopes shoot will change perceptions about beauty .  new law limits sale of acid but attacks still happenin .
 penn state football loses star tailback to usc <sec> new : silas redd is leaving penn state 's nittany lions .  new : the star tailback racked up five consecutive 100-yard games last year .  fans gathered before sunrise tuesday to chant in support of the penn state team .  the ncaa hit the school with sanctions including a loss of football scholarship .
 ryan ferguson 's attorney files $ 100 million lawsuit <sec> ryan ferguson spent nearly 10 years in prison .  13 defendants are named in $ 100 million lawsuit .  suit alleges suppression and fabrication of evidence .  missouri attorney general did n't retry ferguso .
 man held without bond on felony charges in cracker barrel beating <sec> man accused of racially charged attack at restaurant held without bond .  grand jury on wednesday indicted troy dale west jr. on new felony charges .  army reservist said west yelled racial slurs , beat her in front of her child .  charges against west include aggravated assault , battery , false imprisonmen .
 u.s. green beret among those killed in afghan attack <sec> a green beret is one of two americans killed in afghanistan , a u.s. official says .  two afghans also are killed ; 10 more americans are wounded , coalition officials say .  the assailant is dead , a u.s. official says .  it was first fatal `` green-on-blue '' attack on coalition troops in two month .
 supreme court hears utah park monument case <sec> religious group wants to place three-foot granite monument in public park .  officials in utah town with mormon roots have said no to the request .  existing monument in same park displays ten commandments .  town cites right to government discretion ; group cites free-speech right .
 channel hopping : keeping world 's busiest maritime motorway moving <sec> the english channel is home to the world 's busiest shipping lanes .  more than 500 vessels pass through the straight that is only 34 kilometers across at its shortest navigable point .  some of the world 's biggest cargo ships ply the channel alongside smaller objects such as yachts , fishing boats and swimmer .
 engines idling in new york despite law <sec> toxic tailpipe fumes increase rates of asthma and put children at risk , studies show .  new york drivers now have one minute to turn off engines if they 're adjacent to a school .  city issues about 10 million parking tickets each year but a few thousand idling ticket .
 colombian leader to release income information <sec> pyramid schemes took in at least $ 200 million from 3 million this year , officials say .  colombia 's leader says people falsely said he and his sons invested in schemes .  president alvaro uribe : `` there 's been slander against the good name of my family '' .  firms defrauded public by purporting to offer a sure investment , government say .
 half of u.s. households own at least one apple product <sec> of the u.s. households that own apple products , they own an average of three .  the survey shows apple buyers tend to skew male and young , with higher education and incomes .  if you have kids , the likelihood of being an apple household grows 61 .
 egypt hits problems over imf loan <sec> egypt 's efforts for a $ 4.8bn loan from the imf have run into fresh difficulty .  the imf has expressed reservations over cairo 's economic plan .  mohamed morsi is reluctant for measures ahead of parliamentary election .
 miss venezuela wins miss universe title -- again <sec> win marks first time 2 contestants from same country earn title in consecutive years .  more than 80 other contestants competed during the pageant .  miss dominican republic , ada aimee de la cruz , was named first runner-u .
 china keeps quiet on nsa leaker snowden <sec> new : there are `` no signs '' edward snowden worked with others , u.s. official says .  the u.s. hacks computers in china , the nsa leaker tells a newspaper .  he revealed secret u.s. programs that collect data on phone and internet activity .  `` we have no information to offer , '' a chinese official say .
 utility : radioactive water leak from reactor stopped <sec> new : the leak of radioactive water into the pacific has been stopped .  more than 5,700 tons of less radioactive water have been purposefully released so far .  radiation levels drop sharply offshore , but are many times over the legal limit .  water in a pit that 's leaking into the sea had radiation 7.5 million times above the nor .
 fighting erupts in southern yemeni towns <sec> new : adm. mike mullen says unrest in yemen has affected u.s. training efforts there .  state tv reports a deadly attack in zinjibar and arrests in aden .  fighting also occurs in the lahj provincial capital .  militants attack government compounds in hawt .
 mlb policy targets sexual orientation harassment <sec> major league baseball has new code of conduct .  it seeks end to discrimination over sexual orientation .  posters will be placed in locker room .
 why youths are n't getting tested for hiv <sec> a quarter of those infected with hiv are between the ages of 13 and 24 .  more than half of youths with hiv do n't know they have it .  reasons youths do n't get tested can vary widely .  a message of abstinence may not work for all teens and young adult .
 obama 's girls about to go into the fishbowl <sec> malia obama , 10 , sasha obama , 7 , will be in the public eye .  historian : kids will do something that they 'll be forever remembered for .  flunk a test and make headlines , historian said .  pranks and mischief : teddy roosevelt 's kids dropped water balloons on peopl .
 days of flooding , landslides kill 186 in philippines <sec> 186 people dead in provinces , including baguio city , benguet and mountain .  floods were unleased by tropical depression parma .  report : worst-hit areas in pangasinan province are bayambang , alcala and basist .
 at more and more companies , smokers need not apply <sec> georgia hospital starts screening smokers out of the hiring process .  drug testing of potential employees for nicotine is increasing .  experts say the ban is common in the health care industry .  thirty states have laws against `` lifestyle discrimination .
 international outrage grows over destruction of mali shrines <sec> new : islamist militants regard such shrines as idolatrous and thus prohibited .  new : the landmark sites are at the heart of timbuktu 's culture and are featured in postcards .  the attacks are the latest targeting historic landmarks in northern mali .  in may , elderly men kept watch over other sites after militants burned another tom .
 'extremely dangerous ' hurricane bill churns in atlantic <sec> storm is not expected to make a direct hit on bermuda .  but island , eastern united states could see large swells .  category 4 hurricane 's maximum sustained winds are at 135 mp .
