 high wind threat did n't stop macy 's thanksgiving parade balloons <sec> lighter winds meant the balloons could fly for the macy 's parade .  roads in parts of the northeast are still slick .  trains and planes stay on track .  black friday becomes black thursda .
 drinking stories that put yours to shame <sec> history full of drinking stories that are hard to swallow .  bartenders in canoe dipped drinks from alcohol fountain .  brew-nami of 1.3 million gallons of beer killed 9 people .  sailors drank vat of rum preserving dead body of adm. nelso .
 platini : fifa must come back to football <sec> european football chief michel platini says fifa needs to be run by sports specialists .  former france international says time of administrators is coming to an end .  platini will back sepp blatter for re-election at fifa unless president is guilty of corruption .  blatter faces hearing on sunday along with his only opponent , mohamed bin hamma .
 'el chapo 's ' son arrested in mexico <sec> new : u.s. official says dea was at the scene and helped with intelligence .  alfredo guzman salazar is the son of drug lord joaquin `` el chapo '' guzman .  he was arrested thursday in jalisco state , mexican navy says .  father and son were indicted in illinois on drug trafficking charges in 200 .
 privacy was good while it lasted <sec> david frum : mitt romney 's 47 % video showed that there 's no such thing as private sphere .  for politicians and for the rest of us , every moment can be captured forever , he says .  frum : privacy was a relatively recent human invention , and now it 's likely gone foreve .
 costa concordia : how ill-fated cruise liner was raised <sec> wreck of the costa concordia , one of the largest cruise ships ever built , raised from sea bed .  952-foot ship ran aground in january 2012 on tuscan island of giglio , killing 32 passengers .  unprecedented operation involves more than 500 workers , will cost at least $ 400 million .  raising of concordia is only first phase -- ship must then be dismantled at nearby por .
 japan crisis raises questions about u.s. spent nuclear fuel <sec> america 's nuclear waste fund has close to $ 30 billion .  obama opposes yucca mountain site for nuclear storage .  spent fuel is stored in 65 storage site .
 small plane crashes into florida publix store <sec> police say there are `` multiple '' injuries in deland , florida , crash .  publix spokesperson says all customers were evacuated safely .  two burn victims were being treated at the scene , tv station say .
 democrats ' dream of a blue south : moon pie in the sky ? <sec> super pac has a steep climb to try to take back south from republicans .  democrats once held stranglehold on region , which has turned red since 1960s .  southern democrats believe they have to create a culture of winning from cycle to cycle .  they point to small victories in campaigns that southern democrats manage .
 race for hong kong 's top job promises drama <sec> an election committee of 1,200 hong kong people will choose new chief executive .  hong kong residents do not vote but the winning candidate is supposed to be `` acceptable '' to them .  the two main candidates are 59-year-old henry tang and 58-year-old c y leung .  but both candidates have been mired in controversy , making the race increasingly hostil .
 federal judge pleads guilty to drug charges <sec> a federal judge has pleaded guilty to drug charges .  prosecutors say jack camp gave a stripper money to buy drugs .  camp has resigned from the judiciar .
 injury-hit williams claims melbourne win <sec> venus williams recovers from one-set down to beat sandra zahlavova in australia .  caroline wozniacki is also through after a straight-sets win at australian open .  justine henin beats british number one elena baltacha in 61 minute .
 families seek dive for 7 missing americans on sunken mexican boat <sec> the erik , a mexican sport fishing vessel , capsized in a storm july 3 in the sea of cortez .  seven california fishing enthusiasts disappeared .  another california man was found dead .  the families of the missing want authorities to dive and find the sunken boa .
 cnn poll : majority call for arrest in trayvon martin shooting <sec> 73 % in cnn/orc international poll say george zimmerman should be arrested .  55 % of the respondents approve of so-called `` stand your ground '' laws , .  76 % say neighborhood watch members should not be allowed to be arme .
 offensive halloween costumes to avoid <sec> it 's been tragedy-filled year since last halloween : plane crashes , ebola , domestic abuse .  topical halloween costumes tend to be popular but can also be tasteless and hurtful .  one reveler dressed as ray rice , who was kicked out of the nfl for domestic violence .  it might be wise to skip insensitive costumes in favor of more creative choice .
 'idol ' showdown : 'guy next door versus the guy-liner ' <sec> final two `` american idol '' contestants battle it out in song for the title tuesday .  californian adam lambert has developed a glam-rock persona .  arkansas resident kris allen has a guy-next-door appeal .  who will america choose ? .  results show starts at 8 p.m . .  et wednesda .
 common core , a good idea gone bad ? ( opinion ) <sec> ruben navarrette : the debate over the pros and cons of common core rages on .  navarrette : the idea behind a common school curriculum for all kids makes sense .  but supporters failed to convey to the public why it 's good and how effective it could be .  navarrette hopes more states stick with common core and give it another chanc .
 study : china cybercensors attack with `` great cannon '' <sec> china 's cybercensors have developed a new it weapon and have attacked servers outside their borders .  attacks by the `` great cannon '' are in the open and could draw international ire , the authors of the study sa .
 man pleads not guilty in new york pharmacy killings <sec> new : laffer 's attorney has asked for a `` reasonable bail '' .  david laffer pleads not guilty in killings at long island pharmacy , spokesman says .  laffer appeared on a list of pharmacy clients , police say .  police : laffer registered owning .45-caliber handgun , same type used in shootin .
 medal of honor recipient urges u.s. to re-engage with north korea <sec> captain thomas hudner hopes to find the remains of a friend shot down in korean war .  leader kim jong un is apparently moved by his story and ordered his military to help .  u.s. governments have frozen search for bodies due to pyongyang 's nuclear ambitions .  hudner has written to u.s. secretary of state john kerry to resume recovery wor .
 court document reveals horrifying details of ohio captivity case <sec> in an affidavit , an fbi agent details accusations in an ohio forced labor case .  a mother and her daughter were held captive and repeatedly threatened , the affidavit says .  the mother tells investigators pit bulls got leftovers while she and her daughter went hungry .  one witness says he saw a suspect point guns at the mother 's hea .
 curious , bizarre and storied state symbols <sec> wisconsin 's badger state comes from miners who dug caves to survive winters .  alabama 's state bird is a flashy-looking woodpecker .  state drinks : nebraska -- kool-aid , indiana -- water .  mississippi state toy : the teddy bear ; massachusetts state bean : navy bea .
 mozambique gas discovery brings boom to backwaters <sec> mozambique 's economy is being transformed by natural gas finds off the coast .  liquefied natural gas ( lng ) is projected to add $ 39 billion to the mozambican economy over the next 20 years .  the natural gas industry will help create over 700 000 jobs by 2035 .  pemba town is changing as a result of money coming from the country 's natural resource .
 meeting pharrell williams , the coolest n.e.r.d and 'man of the moment ' <sec> `` talk asia '' host monita rajpal speaks with musician pharrell williams about his diverse career .  also a producer and entrepreneur , he is involved in multiple business ventures .  rajpal : `` he has become the man everyone wants to work with .
 fewer latinos will speak spanish , more non-latinos will , report says <sec> non-latino spanish speakers in the united states are on the rise , pew finds .  latinos to follow pattern of previous immigrants and stop using their native language .  some latinos feel there 's no need to speak spanish .  but learning the language is seen as vital by other american .
 hamas leader denies al qaeda is operating in gaza <sec> prime minister says al qaeda is not operating in gaza .  he says charge is `` an illusion '' by israel .  haniya says he has assured egypt palestinians are not planning attacks in the sina .
 fast-food-loving kuwaitis fight fat with stomach stapling <sec> oil-rich kuwait has become one of the world 's fattest countries .  many blame the love affair with u.s. fast food outlets , which arrived during the first gulf war .  stomach stapling procedures have become a popular way to slim down .  but many are beginning to turn to old-fashioned exercise to get in shap .
 witness accounts of mumbai attacks from sites around the web <sec> new : hotel occupant stuck for 15 hours at taj mahal hotel saw blood all over .  man says he and friend escaped from men trying to take foreigners hostage .  dubai-based man said shooting , grenades like `` in video games '' .  no reports , sites have been vetted for accurac .
 commentary : world should shun iranian leader <sec> akbar ganji : world leaders gathering for u.n. general assembly .  he says iranians reject mahmoud ahmadinejad 's claim to represent them .  he says the u.s. , other nations , should avoid any recognition of ahmadinejad .  ganji : charges should be brought against regime in international cour .
 analyst : music pieces probably composed by young mozart <sec> researcher : two pieces likely composed by mozart before he could write music .  mozart 's father probably transcribed the music , researcher says .  compositions have long been known but as anonymous works .  pieces were in book compiled by mozart 's fathe .
 stevie wonder tribute may have been better than grammys <sec> `` songs in the key of life : an all-star grammy salute '' aired monday .  performers sang wonder songs .  he launches the next leg of his tour in marc .
 nashville pumps dry after panic about rumor of no gas <sec> nobody knows origin of rumor that nashville was running out of gas .  of 13 nashville gas stations called at random , only two said they had gas .  residents panicked and hit gas stations to fuel up .  people were filling up containers , cans , with some waiting an hour for ga .
 pope benedict shows true leadership by resigning <sec> pope benedict stuns world by announcing he will resign .  roland martin says it 's a wise decision for a leader to step down when his powers fail .  he says a mark of a good leader is the care he takes about the institution he is leaving .  martin : too many in power try to hang on after they are no longer capabl .
 like steve jobs , apple 's tim cook replies to fans ' e-mails <sec> after steve jobs resigned as ceo , new chief tim cook began replying to fans ' e-mails .  jobs replied to fans ' e-mails throughout his tenure at apple .  cook has graciously accepted congratulations from fan .
 uefa 's serbia fine heavily criticized <sec> serbian fa fined us $ 105,000 for incidents following under-21 clash with england in october .  uefa decision criticized by both english fa and manchester united defender rio ferdinand .  four serb and two english players receive bans for their part in post-match scuffle .
 bubba watson : you better watch out - bubbaclaus is coming to town <sec> two-time masters winner bubba watson gets in the festive spirit with a christmas music video .  in it , he appears rapping as the self-styled character bubbaclaus in a santa costume .  he drives around on a hovercraft golf buggy as well as a miniature tractor .  this is his third major musical venture having previously appeared with the golf boy .
 domenicali : ferrari have been too conservative this season <sec> stefano domenicali has said ferrari have not been aggressive enough .  the italian team are yet to register a podium finish in the 2011 season .  fernando alonso and felipe massa are fifth and sixth respectively in drivers ' standing .
 walker wins re-election in wisconsin 's governor race <sec> wisconsin republican gov . .  scott walker won re-election tuesday , cnn projects .  he defeated democrat mary burke , a businesswoman and member of the madison school board .  walker is now positioned for a potential 2016 run for the gop presidential nominatio .
 toronto jane 's twitter trail through syria <sec> canadian counterterror research group tracks woman on isis ' syrian lines .  until a few months ago , `` toronto jane '' or `` la '' was tweeting from canad .
 reporter 's notebook : behind the scenes of the royal interview <sec> max foster spent time with prince charles and camilla , duchess of cornwall .  camilla declined to be interviewed .  foster says couple seem close and connecte .
 lindsay lohan sues over 'grand theft auto v ' <sec> lindsay lohan files suit in a manhattan court .  she alleges a character in `` grand theft auto v '' is based on her .  the character of lacey jones in the game attempts to flee from photographer .
 man acquitted in killing of british soldiers <sec> brian shivers had been convicted before but the judgment was quashed .  judge finds dna evidence in a getaway car is not convincing .  two english soldiers were gunned down outside barracks in northern ireland in 200 .
 11 reasons to visit panama <sec> the famous canal is just one reason to visit panama . .  full-on castaway experiences can be had on wild bastimentos island .  in the chiriqui highlands , the pretty mountain town of boquette is a natural paradise .  the best place to eat in panama city is still the fish marke .
 'devastated ' muamba retires from soccer <sec> fabrice muamba announces his retirement from professional football .  the midfielder suffered an on-field cardiac arrest during a match in march .  the 24-year-old spent one month in hospital after his heart stopped for 78 minutes .  messages of support and goodwill for muamba flooded in from across the football worl .
 should manchester united keep carlos tevez ? <sec> carlos tevez ' loan deal at manchester united ends at the close of the season .  tevez says he has not been offered contract and does not feel 'wanted ' .  tevez is a favorite of many united fans who hope to see him signe .
 commentary : chastity , 'good luck , brother ! ' <sec> jamison green began his transition from female to male in 1988 .  chastity bono is transitioning from female to male and will be known as chaz .  green hopes chastity bono 's transition will be filled with less heartache than others ' .  green says key to easing sex change process is educatio .
 was free speech on mute during the conventions ? <sec> hardly anyone used the 'free speech zones ' at the conventions .  the zones were set aside for protesters , others to voice their views .  protesters complained zones were too far from the action in tampa , charlotte .  free speech zones first established in 1988 in atlanta amid protests over abortio .
 boston marathon security : how can you keep 26.2 miles safe ? <sec> two suspicious bags were spotted on the one-year anniversary of the attacks .  a man carrying one of the bags was charged with possessing a hoax device .  runners will not be allowed to wear backpacks in this year 's boston marathon .  large signs , costumes and unregistered runners will also be banne .
 obama heads to ireland in search of his roots <sec> obama visits village in ireland where his great-great-great-grandfather hailed from .  the village has spruced itself up in preparation for the visit .  the trip is sure to go down well with 40-million with irish roots living in the u.s .
 'secret ' of diana 's butler trashed <sec> claims by diana 's butler that he knew `` secret '' about her trashed by coroner .  paul burrell asked to testify about the last letter the late princess gave him .  coroner revealed burrell 's `` secret '' was diana planned to buy property abroad .  but coroner said the revelation is `` fairly and squarely in the public domain .
 david letterman marries longtime girlfriend <sec> talk-show host marries regina lasko , who he began dating in 1986 .  letterman talks of last week 's wedding on his show monday night .  letterman and lasko have a son ; were married in montan .
 man survives plunge over niagara falls <sec> unidentified man apparently jumped in on canadian side , authorities say .  he was in near-freezing niagara river for more than 40 minutes .  officials unsure why man did not aid in his own rescu .
 go on , touch it . the hands-on world of digital art <sec> a new generation of digital creatives are pushing the boundaries of art .  they create immersive , interactive art using coding , motion sensors and more .  work celebrated in new london exhibition , `` digital revolution '' .  original work by musician will.i.am , `` pyramidi '' featured in sho .
 'the view ' shakeup : shepherd , mccarthy stand together <sec> sherri shepherd and jenny mccarthy are standing together .  the two former `` view '' hosts are still smiling in the midst of changes .  `` the view '' has been in flux for the past yea .
 suspect in mcstay case no stranger to family <sec> merritt is charged with four counts of murder in mcstay family deaths .  father of victim describes arrest of merritt like a boulder falling on him .  the mcstay family disappeared in february 2010 .  their bodies were found in two shallow graves one year ag .
 abc 's new 2014 shows : selfies , murder and more <sec> abc will air three of shonda rhimes ' dramas on thursdays this fall .  the network announced a new fall lineup thursday .  four of the five newly announced series are comedie .
 champion skier lindsey vonn vows to fight on in bid to race the men <sec> skiing sensation lindsey vonn is considering legal action in her bid to race men .  the 28-year-old american is the second most successful female skier of all time .  skiing 's governing body rejected her request to take on the men at lake louise .  vonn has four alpine skiing world cup titles to her name and an olympic gold meda .
 psg v chelsea : it 's not all about the money <sec> psg and chelsea meet in the champions league quarterfinal first leg on wednesday .  match pits together two sides whose success has been financed by foreign ownership .  opening match takes place in paris , before london hosts decisive match next tuesda .
 germanwings : your plane crash questions answered <sec> cnn received hundreds of questions about the germanwings plane crash .  reporters and experts responded with answers to the most interesting one .
 indian woman , 54 , fends off leopard with farm tool <sec> leopard attacked kalama devi on sunday morning in isolated field .  she repeatedly hit it with a sickle for half an hour until she was able to get away .  exhausted and bleeding , she limped one kilometer to a nearby village for help .  villagers found the leopard dead at the scene of the reported attac .
 president crashes kids ' 'state dinner ' <sec> president makes surprise appearance at lunch for healthy eating contest winners .  obama made the rounds of the room , greeting young guests and their parents .  healthy lunchtime challenge is recipe contest and part of first lady 's let 's move campaign .  tuesday 's menu featured many of the winning recipe .
 6 out of mexico hospital after negative tests for radiation poisoning <sec> new : the males tested at hospital ranged in age from 16 to 38 .  federal police took the six to the pachuca hospital , state health agency says .  official : the six will be interrogated now that they 've been medically cleared .  radioactive material in a truck was stolen this week , then recovere .
 doctor says near-death experiences are in the mind <sec> woman whose heart stopped describes `` floating , '' seeing dead loved ones .  `` it was very peaceful and light and beautiful , '' laura geraghty says .  doctor links `` fight or flight reflex , '' intense dream state to near-death experiences .  those who have experienced it say it has changed their live .
 eharmony ceo meets controversial success <sec> waldorf started a software consulting company before he began high school .  eharmony was sued in california for excluding gays .  founder was evangelical christian tied to conservative christian movemen .
