 `` game of thrones ' returns with surprises , blood <sec> `` game of thrones '' returns to hbo on april 6 for its fourth season .  the fantasy epic promises more surprises , and blood , after the `` red wedding '' .  actor : `` got '' has set a new standard for television .  stories from the set include dead rabbits and pig manur .
 jetblue plane diverted after emergency slide opens in flight <sec> new : 77 people were on board at the time of the incident .  the plane makes a safe landing at the orlando international airport .  no injuries are reported .  it 's not immediately clear what caused the slide to ope .
 hp : more discounted touchpads coming , $ 75 smartphones in europe <sec> hp plans to sell more discounted touchpad tablets this week .  the fire sale spreads to europe , where the pre3 will be sold for $ 75 .  plans to sell the pre3 in the u.s. have been scrappe .
 isaf members attacked in afghanistan <sec> a man in an afghan uniform attacked isaf members .  the gunman was killed .  there were no isaf casualtie .
 lawrence foster , former johnson & johnson executive , dies at age 88 <sec> foster led pr efforts during poison-laced tylenol incidents in 1982 .  he was lauded for his handling of the crisis ; his methods are taught today .  foster was the recipient of four of the highest awards in public relations , alma mater say .
 obama to meet thursday with professor , officer <sec> arrest of black professor by white officer turned into racial incident .  president obama poured fuel on fire by saying police acted `` stupidly '' .  cambridge officials create panel to advise police on racial issue .
 forget love , 'hex your ex ' on valentine 's day <sec> london tourist attraction offers visitors chance to curse former lovers .  visitors must bring picture of their ex , rip it up and throw it in cauldron .  they can then select from a range of curses to inflict on their e .
 downtown miami dig reveals ancient village <sec> miami dig lays out `` a whole complex of buildings '' in a prehistoric town .  but they 're on the site of a whole new development in the works .  developers have proposed preserving a section of the site as part of their project .  miami historic preservation officials will review the plan next wee .
 legendary vietnamese general giap dies at 102 <sec> man who helped form ho chi minh 's rebels into an army reportedly dies .  gen. vo nguyen giap was 102 .  giap masterminded siege of dien bien phu , which led to french withdrawal .  giap also commanded north vietnam 's communist forces against south , u.s .
 opinion : north korea already won <sec> frida ghitis : north korean weapons programs have spread to the middle east .  ghitis : north korea 's messages encourage tyrants to seek nuclear weapons .  she says with nuclear arsenal , powerful countries are afraid to make a regime angry .  ghitis : this standoff is not over , but pyongyang has already wo .
 striking south african miners , company reach deal <sec> lonmin confirms it has agreed to settlement .  final offer from lonmin mining company gives miners raises of up to 22 % .  34 miners were killed last month in a clash with polic .
 dga nods go to martin scorsese , steve mcqueen <sec> the director 's guild of america has announced its feature film nominees .  the list of five names reflects some of the strongest films of 2013 .  david o. russell , steve mcqueen and martin scorsese are up for the honor .  the winner will be announced on january 25 at a ceremony in los angele .
 icrc suspends aid distribution in somalia <sec> the aid is intended to help more than 1 million drought victims .  the icrc says local authorities block aid distribution in central and southern areas .  five international aid workers were killed in attacks in somalia in decembe .
 georgia school hosts first racially integrated prom <sec> the high school in wilcox county , georgia , held its first prom in late march .  previously , proms were private , white- and black-only events organized by parents .  in 2013 , wilcox county students organized a private integrated prom .  superintendent : `` everything went off without a hitch .
 united cracks down on oversized carry-ons <sec> united airlines says it will more strictly enforce its carry-on policy .  the airline said the move was prompted by complaints about bin hogging .  the policy has n't changed but more oversized bags may end up checked for $ 2 .
 mind the gap : china 's great education divide <sec> 15 year olds in shanghai rank number one in the world in reading , math and science .  but critics argue exam results are not representative of the city 's total student population .  debate about the quality of education available in china 's poorer , rural interior .  china released a 10-year national education reform plan in 2010 to tackle the proble .
 american country awards : see the winners here ! <sec> luke bryan won several artist of the year awards .  miranda lambert and hubby blake shelton also snagged awards .  taylor swift took home the worldwide artist awar .
 dozens killed as devastating floods hit turkey <sec> at least 31 killed after torrential rains triggered flash floods in northwest turkey .  200 cars washed into sea of marmara ; 800 homes and businesses flooded .  death toll expected to rise with reports of people being dragged by raging water .
 u.s. reducing rhetoric that feeds north korean belligerence <sec> first on cnn : communications intercepts suggest possibility of north korea missile launch .  north korea moves up to two missiles to its east coast , u.s. official says .  state department focuses on diplomacy in discussing north korea .  north korea issues more threats , but said to lack missile technology to strike u.s. mainlan .
 let it grow : how clapton 's guitar can make you rich <sec> bonhams auctioneers selling more than 70 eric clapton guitars .  collector , cnn editorial chief and sometime musician tony maddox explains the joy of guitars .  provenance and a star owner are often key to a good sale price , maddox says .  in 2004 clapton 's blackie guitar sold for $ 959,000 ; this sale has a reproduction of the iconic instrumen .
 john brooks is a new american soccer hero from germany <sec> the 21-year-old german-american came in as a substitute into the usa vs ghana game .  he scored a header in the final minutes to snatch the victory .  he was born and raised in berlin and posts to twitter in both english and german .  he is one of a handful of german pro soccer players on team u.s.a .
 q & a : aid and israel 's gaza blockade <sec> flotilla left cyprus sunday , was due to arrive in gaza on monday .  six ships -- three passenger and three cargo vessels -- were carrying over 10,000 tons of aid .  israel government described the flotilla as a `` provocation '' and said it was a political stunt .  accounts differ as to what happened after israel forces boarded the shi .
 soccer shooting in honduras leaves 14 people dead <sec> new : the incident took place in san pedro sula , a city in northern honduras .  new : police say they do not know who is behind the attac .
 cnn student news - february 27 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call . .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 opinion : obama says goodbye to american hubris <sec> president obama outlines his version of the kennan , bush and powell doctrines .  peter bergen says it amounts to a `` do no harm '' view of foreign policy .  it represents a dramatic switch from counterproductive cases of u.s. overreach , he says .  bergen : obama doctrine lacks drama but may be a smart way for superpower to behav .
 obama 's father was abusive , his half-brother says - cnnpolitics.com <sec> `` i remember the sounds of my mothers ' screams , '' mark obama ndesandjo says .  barack obama apparently met their father once .  the president 's parents got divorced soon after he was bor .
 black police officer : i live in two worlds ( opinion ) <sec> a black police officer says he lives in two worlds .  he shares hopes , aspirations of african american community and values of police .  protesters should know there are cops who are seeking to solve community problems , he say .
 the fbi secret memos detail plot to `` neutralize '' mlk <sec> fbi memo called king the `` most dangerous ... effective negro leader '' in u.s . .  hidden wiretaps turned up no communist party ties , just extramarital affairs .  j. edgar hoover 's contempt for mlk 's private behavior shows in private memo .
 apple 's black friday special : gift cards <sec> apple is giving away gift cards with black friday purchases .  this is different from past years , when apple offered modest discounts on some items .  some electronics competitors are sticking with cutting price .
 cnn.com readers recall kind , talented carlin <sec> cnn.com readers share their memories of carlin , his comedy .  carlin once invited fans to sit on stage so more people could see his show .  alexis karlin says for a year , a carlin tape was stuck in her dad 's car stereo .  ireport.com : share your tales , memories of comedy great george carli .
 national gay blood drive aims to lift donation ban <sec> the fda does not accept blood donations from men who have sex with men .  blood donations down 10 % across u.s. in june , american red cross says .  blood drive organizer wants to show how much blood gay community can contribute .  ama voted to oppose the donation ban the fda implemented in the 1980 .
 young americans going abroad to teach <sec> economy is prompting some recent grads to delay entering u.s. workforce .  reach to teach applications are up 100 percent from last year .  japan 's jet program receives 15 percent more u.s. application .
 lung infection sidelines world number one federer <sec> nasty lung infection sidelines world number one roger federer in dubai .  federer is set to be ruled out for up to six weeks as he recovers from illness .  16-time grand slam champion federer was hoping to regain the dubai title from novak djokovic .  andy murray of britain is also competing at $ 2 million tournamen .
 border cops claim bird-brain stuffed live pigeons in tights <sec> customs officers stopped 23-year-old man as he returned from dubai .  photographs show live birds were rolled in newspaper and polythene .  maximum penalty for wildlife smuggling is 10 years jail and/or $ 70,000 fin .
 'a loss for everybody ' : communities start cleanup after sandy <sec> new : new york 's governor declares a transporation emergency .  the storm 's death toll reaches 124 , with 56 of those in the u.s . .  new jersey gov . .  christie asks for patience as crews try to restore power .  10,000 national guard troops are on duty to hel .
 is 2016 election starting earlier than 2012 did ? <sec> republicans seem to be getting things going already .  candidates making trips to early voting states .  joe biden and martin o'malley traveling around , but where are all the other democrats ? .  hillary clinton freezing the field as the leader in polls among possible candidate .
 18 killed amid panic at germany 's 'love parade ' <sec> new : `` many '' injured , including some who were airlifted to hospitals around the country .  chancellor angela merkel `` distraught '' over the incident .  crush happened in a tunnel area after it became overcrowded .  the number of festival-goers far exceeded original estimates of attendee .
 opinion : 'babes ' can be worthwhile role models , too <sec> peggy drexler : disney retooled princess merida from `` brave '' movie as `` babe '' for doll .  director 's criticism of `` sexist marketing '' implies pretty girls not role models , drexler says .  she says dolls are for fantasy , and parents help kids use their imagination .  drexler : calling new merida sexist sends poor messag .
 uefa chief platini throws down gauntlet to german chancellor merkel <sec> platini confident german chancellor merkel would attend euro 2012 final if germany playing .  merkel and other european leaders have threatened boycott over political situation in ukraine .  platini stands firm on uefa 's new financial fair play rules .  uefa chief remains opposed to introduction of goal-line technolog .
 fate of bush-era program a matter of life or death <sec> julian zelizer : washington 's budget-cutting endangers some worthy programs .  he says a bush administration program that provides billions to fight aids is in jeopardy .  zelizer : the program saves lives and is an example of government that work .
 queen elizabeth 's anger at berlusconi a youtube hit <sec> queen elizabeth a youtube hit after apparently losing her temper with berlusconi .  italian prime minister 's attempt to attract barack obama 's attention riles queen .  she appears to shrug at him and asks why he has to make so much nois .
 bruce lee memorabilia set for hong kong auction <sec> bruce lee memorabilia goes to auction august 6 in hong kong .  13 items are sale , including costume jacket , membership cards , and letter written by lee .  the entire collection is expected to fetch u.s. $ 113,00 .
 terror drill off new york tests agencies against seaborne attack <sec> nypd commissioner ray kelly : `` we 're a big city , and there are vulnerabilities '' .  participating agencies stressed that the drill was not in response to a specific threat .  authorities were to decipher sinister intent from any of eight boats in waterway .  they were on lookout for abnormally high concentrations of radioactivit .
 with new iphone , apple has some catching up to do <sec> apple is expected to introduce new iphones on tuesday .  many say company needs to make a splash to match its competitors .  past two iphone upgrades were viewed as incremental by some .  analyst : other products , not the iphone , may re-establish apple 's rep for innovatio .
 canadian police identify head of dismembered student <sec> jun lin was killed and dismembered in may .  luka magnotta , the suspect in the case , is awaiting trial .  police believe magnotta posted a video of the death onlin .
 nih reducing use of chimps in research <sec> chimps ' use in medical research is `` largely unnecessary , '' says nih director .  the agency will retain , but not breed , about 50 chimps for future needs .  a texas research institute says it 's `` disappointed '' with the nih decisio .
 world reacts to new pope <sec> argentine president hopes the pope will have `` fruitful pastoral work '' .  president obama says selection speaks to emerging role of latin america .  mexican bishops say it is a sign of love for pilgrims in the region .  francis should make preventing child sexual abuse a priority , survivors group say .
 9 top spots for the savvy luxury traveler <sec> favorable exchange rates and off-season values help travelers get the most for their money .  visiting less-traveled destinations can often ensure lower prices and fewer people .  for great values , fall is the right time to visit places such as curacao , cambodia , icelan .
 guinea delays presidential election run-off vote again <sec> guinea delays presidential run-off for fourth time .  no new date has been set .  the head of guinea 's electoral commission was replaced this week .  deadly clashes occurred this week between supporters of rival candidate .
 eastern libyan leaders declare semi-autonomy <sec> `` we are not looking to split the country , '' says 79-year-old former military man .  tribal leaders , politicians , others vote for ahmed zubair al-senussi to lead region .  `` the oil is for all libyan people , '' he says .  ntc chairman denounces the declaration as `` a danger that threatens national unity .
 without phones , typhoon victims turn to tv to tell the worst of news <sec> survivor to family abroad : `` josie is gone . .  please forgive me , i could n't save her '' .  more than 10 million filipinos live and work in 217 countries around the world .  poor communications has left many wondering the fate of their loved ones .  most philippines expatriates work in the u.s. , followed by saudi arabia and canad .
 north korea mourns top military officer <sec> high ranking officials attend state funeral of the country 's second-highest ranking military officer .  in 2000 , jo became the first north korean military officer ever to enter the u.s. pentagon .  jo 's death fuels speculation over leadership in north korea as the `` old guard ' age .
 new york ferret fans find foothold as city reconsiders ban <sec> a ferret fan petitioned new york 's heath department to reconsider ban on animal .  the weasel cousin is unfairly maligned in the health code , ariel jasper says .  ferrets as pets were banned under then-mayor rudy giuliani in 1999 .  the prohibition sparked infamous radio exchange between mayor , calle .
 federer faces nadal in french open final after ending djokovic 's run <sec> former world no . .  1 roger federer beats novak djokovic in french open semifinals .  swiss third seed ends the serbian 's unbeaten start to 2011 in four-set epic .  federer won through to sunday 's final , where he faces rafael nadal of spain .  defending champion beat andy murray to move within a win of equaling bjorn borg 's recor .
 dead shark found on new york subway car <sec> shark carcass found on subway .  passengers pose for photos .  mta officials do n't know how it got on boar .
 china , united states to work together to calm down north korea <sec> new : kerry : both china and the u.s. call on pyongyang to refrain from provocative steps .  the u.s. secretary of state meets with china 's president xi jinping in beijing .  both nations voice commitment to peaceful denuclearization of korean peninsula .  the u.s. will talk to north korea , but pyongyang has to talk giving up nukes , kerry say .
 conservative mariano rajoy is sworn in as spain 's new prime minister <sec> conservative leader mariano rajoy was sworn in as prime minister wednesday .  socialist jose luis rodriguez zapatero is the outgoing prime minister .  rajoy had a landslide victory in parliamentary elections november 2 .
 175 pounds lighter , woman takes flight <sec> at her heaviest , karen daniel weighed 375 pounds ; she was 67 inches around .  she battled fatigue , hypertension and was more than 54 percent body fat .  daniel hired a personal trainer and ate a high protein , low-carb , no sugar diet .  two years later , she 'd lost 175 pounds and went from wearing size 30 to 1 .
 stove ashes probed for traces of stolen picasso , monet works <sec> experts analyze ashes found in a stove to see if they are the remains of stolen artwork .  works by matisse , picasso and monet were among paintings taken from a dutch museum .  six people have been charged in romania in connection with the theft last year .  there are traces of pigments in the ashes from the stove of one of those charged , official say .
 'pelham 123 ' is n't the same old film <sec> `` the taking of pelham 123 '' is re-imagining of 1974 film .  denzel washington stars as n.y. transit official negotiating with villain john travolta .  washington : i wanted to make the character distinct from negotiator in `` inside man .
 gas prices dip again in latest lundberg survey <sec> cheaper european crude helps push down u.s. gas prices .  the average price of a gallon of u.s. regular was $ 3.71 on friday .  the most expensive gas was in chicago ; the cheapest in billings , montan .
 lottery buyers line up to pay a tax <sec> the mega millions lottery jackpot is at an estimated $ 640 million .  scott drenkard : people are lining up to pay what is , in effect , a tax .  lotteries take a disproportionate share of income from the poorest americans , he says .  drenkard says lotteries pay out a lower share of revenues than other forms of gamblin .
 armenian leader in turkey for 'soccer diplomacy ' <sec> armenian president 's visit comes amid thaw in relations between neighbors .  turkey , armenia signed protocols at weekend to establish diplomatic ties .  president sarkisian has faced angry protests at home over rapprochement .  sarkisian attends soccer match ; gul attended match in yerevan last yea .
 'midnight rider ' production halted after crew member death <sec> sarah elizabeth jones , 27 , was hit and killed by a train on set .  her death rocked local film community , with many asking who was to blame .  preliminary ntsb report says train was traveling about 58 mp .
