 new syrian flashpoint erupts ; turkey releases syrian plane <sec> new : both sides battle for control of maarat nouman .  new : a syrian plane ordered to land in turkey departs with passengers .  samar yazbek 's syria memoir lauded with pen pinter award .  the death toll across the country for wednesday climbs to 19 .
 this month on inside the middle east <sec> ime celebrates its centennial episode focusing on education in the middle east .  rima maktabi explores the challenges of studying in a post-revolution egypt .  ime looks at why lebanese students are not taught about some aspects of the civil wa .
 nba charges donald sterling , schedules june 3 vote <sec> nba owners seem united since his anderson cooper interview , cnn 's rachel nichols says .  sterling , an 80-year-old lawyer and billionaire investor , has said he is not a racist .  sports illustrated reports sterling wants a three-month delay .  shelly sterling 's attorney said she is innocent victim , should keep her half of tea .
 iraqi military to take control of anbar province <sec> iraqi military set to run the once militant-riven anbar province .  u.s. military transferring responsibility for anbar to iraqi military this week .  sunni tribes helped u.s. and iraqi troops turn the tide against militant .
 midterm election 2014 : why voters do n't care ( opinion ) <sec> polls show voters are not caught up in the election , with democrats even less enthusiastic .  julian zelizer says gop voters must deal with split between moderates and tea party faction .  democrats are struggling with how to dissociate themselves from unpopular obama policies , he says .  zelizer : candidates for 2016 have to decide how to try to transcend these struggle .
 'american idol ' keeps seacrest and judges <sec> the whole team will be returning for season 14 .  judges have changed over the years .  ryan seacrest has been with show since beginnin .
 high court blocks pakistani officials from leaving country <sec> supreme court kills an amnesty protecting politicians from corruption charges .  pakistani court rules amnesty `` seems to be against the national interest '' .  nearly 280 government officials , including defense minister , are on the court 's exit control list .  defense minister taking official trip to china when he is stopped at islamabad airpor .
 video emerges of purported militant leader <sec> video refers to speaker as al-khalifah ibrahim , a name he goes by with followers .  iraq and u.s. governments say they are looking into the video .  group says it 's changing its name from islamic state of iraq and syria to `` islamic state '' .  very little is known about abu bakr al-baghdadi , the leader of the so-called islamic stat .
 castaway 's health takes turn for the worse , mexican official says <sec> new : the mother of the dead fishing partner demands to speak with alvarenga .  jose salvador alvarenga said he was lost at sea for 13 months .  he has returned to a hospital due to dehydration and malnutrition .  alvarenga said he had to toss his companion 's body overboard after he die .
 crane spews flames , collapses at sydney construction site <sec> crane collapses in sydney , australia .  no one is injured , crane operator lend lease says .  the company also managed the construction site where crane collapsed in new york .  that incident happened during superstorm sandy .
 borussia dortmund charge 10 points clear in germany <sec> borussia dortmund beat nuremberg 2-0 to lead bundesliga by 10 points .  mats hummels and poland star robert lewandowski score the goals in each half .  bayern boss louis van gaal all but concedes title to dortmund .  villarreal cement third place in spain 's la liga with 1-0 win over sevill .
 france wins right to host euro 2016 <sec> france wins right to host the 2016 european football championship .  france beats off the challenge of italy and turkey .  decision made by 13-strong uefa executive committee .  france previously hosted the 1960 and 1984 european championship .
 goodbye , miss barbara <sec> bob greene says a favorite kindergarten teacher died ; her service is wednesday .  he says the teacher , miss barbara , was much beloved and bound to her ohio town .  he says she remembered names , was a touchstone for many ; later was crossing guard .  greene : in a fragmented world of fleeting relationships , miss barbara mattere .
 tiger woods hunts lee westwood after three rounds of british open <sec> england 's lee westwood takes a two-shot lead after the third round of the british open .  americans tiger woods and hunter mahan are two shots behind on one-under .  masters champion adam scott is one shot further adrift on even par .  spain 's overnight leader miguel angel jimenez drops back to 11th on three ove .
 supreme court takes up same-sex marriage <sec> the matter to be heard is one of the most important in the court 's history .  federal defense of marriage act ; california 's proposition 8 will be reviewed .  justices first will address questions of legal standing in both appeals .  oral arguments will likely be held in march with a ruling by late jun .
 san bruno pipelines were to be replaced nearly 2 years ago , docs show <sec> pacific gas & electric got $ 5 million to replace pipeline in 2009 .  utility now requesting another $ 5 million to make repairs it did n't make then .  pg & e says it 's `` committed '' to `` the safety of its gas transmission system '' .  watchdog group says pg & e spent $ 5 million in bonuses in 200 .
 800,000 bees attack , leaving one dead , four injured <sec> two men stung probably 100 times , arizona fire chief says .  three other people also stung by huge swarm .  exterminator finds huge hive 8 feet wid .
 escaping the cold to the caribbean <sec> check out these six destinations to escape the winter cold .  more than 7,000 islands and reefs are sprinkled across the caribbean sea .  list includes places in panama , grenada , colombi .
 syrian security , choppers target protesters <sec> new : activist , citing the intensity of the gunfire , predicts the death toll will rise .  protesters attacked in maaret al-nouman , witnesses say .  more than 3,800 syrian refugees have fled to turkey .  syrian families chant `` thank you , erdogan .
 visa exec hails phone payment revolution <sec> contactless payments are the future , says visa europe ceo .  'tap and go ' is a way of paying for products by swiping your card or phone .  ceo of visa europe , predicts phone cashless payments will overtake other methods by 2020 .  the revolution requires putting in place a whole new set of financial infrastructur .
 evacuation continues in syria despite gunfire , explosions <sec> new : state media say 611 people evacuated sunday after 83 moved friday .  each side says other was responsible for gunfire directed at u.n.-led aid convoy .  operation began on friday , part of a three-day humanitarian pause .  more than 2,500 have been trapped by months of violenc .
 insurance company to sue lance armstrong for millions in bonus prizes <sec> new : u.s. anti-doping agency gives armstrong more time to consider request to testify .  lawyer for armstrong says a lawsuit would have no merit .  fda spokesperson tells cnn an investigation into disgraced cyclist is ongoing .  sca paid lance armstrong $ 12 million in prizes for winning several tours de franc .
 toyota president 'sorry to have made customers uneasy ' <sec> toyota 's president apologized friday for the recall of millions of vehicles .  it was akio toyoda 's first remarks since the latest round of recalls began last week .  eight models of cars have been recalled in the u.s. , europe and chin .
 former baseball star lenny dykstra sentenced to 3 years in prison <sec> lenny dykstra faces federal charges in a separate case .  he pleaded no contest to grand theft auto and filing a false financial statement in october .  prosecutors : dykstra , co-defendants fraudulently drove off with cars from dealershi .
 pakistan school attack : taliban kill 145 <sec> pakistan lifts moratorium on the death penalty after massacre .  of the 145 people killed , most were children between ages 12 and 16 .  attackers gunned down students hiding under benches .  `` a lot of the children are under the benches . .  kill them , '' an attacker sai .
 channing tatum and jonah hill 's 'lucky ' bromance <sec> channing tatum says he and jonah hill got `` lucky '' with their friendship .  the two off-screen friends bring their bond to `` 22 jump street '' .  the comedy sequel opens on june 1 .
 sanctions fail to change iran 's behavior , white house concedes <sec> national security adviser says iran is paying for intransigence .  but regime has not altered its behavior , thomas donilon says .  u.s. and partners will eventually have an impact , he say .
 software targets 'ransomware ' used to steal millions <sec> companies offer free tool to defeat malicious software used by criminals .  they have extracted millions of dollars in ransom from small businesses .  so-called cryptolocker has been used to attack about 200,000 computer .
 india temple stampede kills 147 <sec> at least 147 people killed , 55 injured in india temple stampede .  official : stampede took place on temple pathway in rajasthan state .  not immediately clear what had sparked the stampede .  incident follows another stampede that occurred in august , killing 130 peopl .
 three die in dust-storm highway accident in arizona <sec> three dead , 12 injured in series of crashes .  some people are airlifted from the scene .  accident happens on interstate 10 between mile posts 214 and 21 .
 look to nonprofit sector to create jobs <sec> paul schmitz : president obama and mitt romney are ignoring the nonprofit sector .  schmitz : the sector is one of the fastest growing over the past decade .  he says the next president can do a number of things to support the industry .  schmitz : investing in the nonprofit work force is a win for job creation and econom .
 fast internet access becomes a legal right in finland <sec> providers will need to supply connection speeds of at least 1 megabit per second .  but finland is aiming for speeds that are 100 times faster .  95 percent of finnish population have some sort of internet access .  the law is designed to bring the web to rural area .
 tv funny man soupy sales dies at 83 <sec> `` we have lost a comedy american icon , '' says comedian 's friend and manager .  he was known for his long-running children 's show `` lunch with soupy sales '' .  fans of the show anticipated his trademark pie-in-face gag .  sales also seen on `` to tell the truth '' and `` what 's my line ? .
 commentary : obama nomination gives 'goose bumps ' <sec> bishop t.d . .  jakes : `` i congratulate sen. obama on this historic accomplishment '' .  jakes : `` not just a victory for african americans , it is a victory for democracy '' .  jakes : nomination `` proves that our country provides possibilities for all people '' .  jakes congratulates `` the country on this landmark event .
 golf legend nick price ready for presidents cup battle <sec> nick price will captain the international team int the presidents cup .  tiger woods , phil mickelson and brandt snedeker all set to feature for u.s. team .  adam scott , jason day , ernie els amongst big names for international side .  international team have won just once -- back in 199 .
 surgery helps woman drop 135 pounds , 10 dress sizes <sec> patty hill weighed 280 pounds at her heaviest and wore a size 26/28 .  she lost 135 pounds and dropped 10 dress sizes with the lap-band .  hill says weight loss surgery is not easy , takes discipline and planning .  weight loss has restored her health , energy and self-confidenc .
 ncaa under fire : 5 things to know <sec> it 's a summer of lawsuits and legal hearings for the college sports governing body .  the key issue is whether student athletes should get more than scholarships .  the ncaa says rivalries , competitions and traditions could all be in jeopard .
 obama 's wheels : secret service to unveil new presidential limo <sec> new presidential limo will transport obama on inauguration day .  custom-built cadillac will be bulletproof , have hand-sewn interior .  limo can withstand a `` direct hit from an asteroid , '' news agency jokes .  first presidential limo purchased in 1907 for president theodore roosevel .
 ipad 's smart cover might get its own flexible display <sec> apple files patent hinting at an ipad smart cover display , meaning two work surfaces .  display creates ability to use cover for messaging , movies , icon space , drawing and more .  display could also include a digital keyboard .  filing a patent does not mean the cover will ever become a real produc .
 four receive organs from slain california officer <sec> john hege , three other oakland police officers fatally wounded over weekend .  officer was brain dead sunday , kept on life support pending organ decision .  hege 's organs saved lives of four men , donor network says .  hege 's family : knowing donations helped others `` gives us a great deal of comfort .
 team breaks north atlantic rowing record <sec> the four-man crew from artemis ocean rowing were in their boat for six weeks .  team broke north atlantic rowing record set in 1896 .  boat traveled from new york to islands off englan .
 hsbc to cut thousands more jobs <sec> hsbc is gearing up for thousands more job cuts .  people close to the bank say up to 5,000 staff could go as part of a $ 1bn savings pla .
 mother of american hostage reaches out to isis <sec> in the letter , she says she would like to talk to al baghdadi .  isis has threatened to kill kassig nex .
 demonstrators bang pots , pans to protest argentina 's policies <sec> demonstrators pack a 14-block stretch in buenos aires .  the protests are known as `` cacerolazos , '' named for the pots participants bang .  protesters criticize president cristina fernandez de kirchner 's government .  `` the constitution should be respected , not reformed , '' one organizer say .
 china bans works of drug users from the airwaves <sec> celebrities who use drugs or prostitutes are banned , says china 's media watchdog .  the ban applies to their previous works as well , says the statement .  china has launched a crackdown on vice this year , targeting drugs and the sex industry .  a number of celebrities have been caught up in drug raid .
 defending champion wozniacki beaten in semifinals in dubai <sec> defending champion caroline wozniacki goes out in dubai .  wozniacki beaten 7-6 7-5 by germany 's julia goerges in semifinals .  poland 's agnieszka radwanska to meet goerges in the final .  radwanska sees off jelena jankovic 6-2 2-6 6-0 in their last four clas .
 florida lawmakers wo n't have special session on 'stand your ground ' <sec> a majority of florida lawmakers voted against holding a special session .  house speaker : `` political expediency '' should n't drive `` stand your ground '' debate .  the `` stand your ground '' law drew national attention after trayvon martin 's deat .
 how the 8th-largest cell carrier beat t-mobile to the iphone <sec> c spire wireless will be the fourth u.s. carrier to get the iphone .  t-mobile , the fourth-largest carrier , still has no plans to carry it .  c spire operates on the same network bands as verizo .
 legendary hairstylist vidal sassoon dies <sec> new : sassoon once said his goal was to create `` a cutting art form '' .  he went from london orphanage to celebrity stylist and beauty mogul .  sassoon developed a hair care line , hair care tools and chain of salons .  he is credited with revolutionizing women 's hair in the 1960 .
 whitney houston 's storied career : a regal rise , a tragic fall <sec> whitney houston 's death rocks the music industry on the eve of its biggest night .  her death , at age 48 , was the final chapter of the storied career that began in the 1980s .  houston 's career stalled as her drug use and marriage to bobby brown made for tabloid fodder .  she was working to turn her career around with a star turn in the upcoming film , `` sparkle .
 nato 's problem on russia : money , military are n't ready <sec> after nato 's founding , it stood against russia .  now , the money and military are n't ready to do so .  obama , cameron and others say nato can do it .  analyst blames nato , not russia , for the crisi .
 huawei enters wearables game with talkband hybrid smartwatch <sec> chinese mobile giant unveils first wearable technology .  will go on sale for €99 ( $ 136 ) .  2014 crucial year for wearable technology .  launch also includes 8-inch tablet and 7-inch `` phablet .
 obama , romney ratchet up back and forth over outsourcing <sec> new : obama , romney argue over who sent more jobs overseas .  obama 's pitch to middle-class voters continues in iowa .  gop and democrats are fighting to appeal to middle class voters .  both campaigns must avoid political pitfalls in the messaging battl .
 britney spears thinks about retiring <sec> e ! .  documentary went behind-the-scenes with singer preparing for las vegas .  britney spears admits she sometimes thinks about retiring .  spears says she 's `` not really made for this industry because i am so shy .
 code to unlock iphone cracked <sec> software developed enabling apple 's iphone to be used on any phone network .  device can currently only be used on at & t network in the u.s . .  anonymous developers plan to start selling program soo .
 beanie babies creator ty warner wo n't go to prison for tax evasion <sec> a judge sentences ty warner to two years ' probation and community service .  warner , who pleaded guilty to tax evasion , must also pay a $ 100,000 fine .  warner is the owner of ty inc. , the maker of beanie babies plush toy .
 man killed when car plunges into grand canyon <sec> reports say car drove off south rim of canyon about 6 a.m. monday .  incident occurred near el tovar hotel in village .  national park service is investigating .  officials are n't sure that incident is a suicid .
 police ask for additional tips , information in 8-year-old 's killing <sec> police comb community for other possible victims .  melissa huckaby was arrested and charged with killing and raping sandra cantu .  sandra , 8 , was friends with huckaby 's 5-year-old daughte .
 epic collision brings scientists closer to grasping universe 's origins <sec> lead ions have collided for the first time inside a massive machine in europe .  the collision is part of an experiment aiming to recreate post-big bang conditions .  scientists are working with basic elements to understand how atoms came togethe .
 u.s. military training pakistanis to fight militants <sec> about 30 u.s. military personnel in pakistan , sources say .  frontier corps being taught how to fight taliban , al qaeda militants .  training focuses on pakistan 's tribal region , which borders afghanistan .  frontier corps are ethnic pashtuns recruited from tribal regio .
 cnn student news - august 13 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student new .
 by the numbers : recent defense spending <sec> defense secretary leon panetta sounds the alarm about draconian spending cuts .  budgets and figures small and large provide glimpse into defense spendin .
 as kennedy laid to rest , a papal prayer request is revealed <sec> new : in letter to pope benedict xvi , kennedy asked for prayers .  sen. edward m. kennedy laid to rest at arlington national cemetery .  president obama hailed kennedy as `` a champion for those who had none .
 secret service pushing out 3 members amid colombia scandal <sec> new : rep. peter king , r-new york , says he wants a detailed investigation .  new : official : the secret service interviewed hotel maids about reported drugs .  two secret service members have left , another is proposed to be removed .  the alleged prostitutes , the youngest of whom are in their early 20s , signed in at the hote .
