 jacksons rely on strength of family <sec> jackson family has been in spotlight along with michael .  father joseph was a sometimes rough taskmaster .  siblings have been in news for relationships , intrafamily bickering .  but group closes ranks when member is in trouble , as happened with michae .
 obama : north korea 's hack not war , but 'cybervandalism ' <sec> obama says u.s. will review whether to put north korea back on sponsors of terrorism list .  he stands by his criticism of sony 's decision to cancel film 's release .  sony executive said he was `` disappointed '' in obama 's friday comments .  human rights foundation plans to drop copies of `` the interview '' over north kore .
 is migrant system china 's apartheid ? <sec> migrant family 's hope is that their child does n't also have to be migrant worker .  china operates on a system that differentiates between rural and urban .  rural workers ' plight likened to illegal immigrants and aparthei .
 indian activist says he is willing to die to end corruption <sec> hazare 's fast-unto-death comes in the wake of a series of high-profile scandals .  he wants a citizen ombudsman legislation widened .  the prime minister 's office expresses `` deep disappointment '' over the protes .
 opinion : why i will still have a pelvic exam <sec> the american college of physicians recommend against pelvic exams .  the data backing the report was sketchy at best .  asked about exams causing urinary tract infections , the data did n't hold up .  pelvic exams have caught problems regularl .
 honduran vote to face legitimacy test <sec> new : u.s. state department says elections are `` critical step '' to restore order .  many nations likely to withhold recognition of newly elected honduran leader .  ousted president manuel zelaya has called for boycott of sunday 's elections .  amnesty international says activists facing threats , intimidatio .
 luis suarez unveiled by barcelona <sec> uruguay forward luis suarez is unveiled in front of barcelona 's fans on monday .  he was allowed to take part in the unveiling after a cas verdict last week .  fans chanted , `` suarez , suarez , suarez '' not long after he entered pitch .  suarez received a ban from fifa after biting giorgio chiellini at the world cu .
 maasai warriors run london marathon <sec> warriors aim to raise money to bring permanent water supply to their village .  six maasai will run in full traditional get-up .  as well as completing the race , the six hope to meet queen elizabeth i .
 turkish army using israeli-built drones <sec> turkish troops employing israel-made aerial drones against kurdish rebels .  despite rift in relations , turkey remains dependent on israel for defense technology .  rift stems from last month 's deadly raid on gaza flotilla by israeli commando .
 second life not immune from real-life vitriol <sec> second life , the online environment , has its share of angry people .  at worst , players can be written up , but others try to understand them .  user : `` there is nothing you can do save to keep the rules in place '' .  ireport.com : share your stories from second lif .
 ukraine paralympic chief : 'we stay in russia to promote peace ' <sec> ukraine will compete in the 2014 paralympic games in sochi .  a 23-strong team representing ukraine will take part in the games .  ukraine paralympic chief valeriy suskevich wants to promote a message of peace .  the 2014 paralympic winter games get under way on frida .
 those who quit to protest war <sec> ed rollins : matthew hoh quit the foreign service due to doubt about war .  he says hoh is latest in tradition of americans who resigned over wars .  presidents must ask tough questions before sending troops , rollins says .  rollins : troops should only be committed to serve vital u.s. interest .
 the strange political bedfellows behind 'the giver ' <sec> `` the giver '' is based on lois lowry 's 1993 newberry medal-winning novel .  the film , which opened over the weekend , partners conservatives and liberals .  conservatives like the message of the consequences of government overreach .  liberal producer harvey weinstein says the film was made `` without a political agenda .
 obesity and cancer are linked , asco says <sec> asco : obesity may overtake tobacco as leading preventable cause of cancer .  84,000 cancer diagnoses each year can be linked to obesity .  we can change our weight through diet , exercise , sleep , stress managemen .
 indian father accused of killing baby 'for being a girl ' <sec> indian man is accused of killing 3-month-old baby girl because he wanted a son .  the united nations says india is the most dangerous place to be a girl .  it 's common to abort female babies because boys are seen as 'better investments ' .  for every 1,000 boys 6 years and under , there are 914 girls -- the lowest ratio since 194 .
 boatmakers : oil officials ignoring bird-saving boats <sec> mark castlow and jimbo meador develop boat to save oil-covered wildlife .  musician jimmy buffett offers to fund boats for rescue operations , say boatmakers .  boats operate in shallow water , are outfitted with special tools to save wildlife .  wildlife experts praise their idea , but men say feds and bp have n't responde .
 new rule for truck , bus drivers : no texting <sec> new : truckers ' group expresses concern about rule taking effect immediately .  drivers of commercial trucks , buses who text may be subject to penalties .  transportation secretary ray lahood : `` this is an important safety step '' .  research shows drivers who text are more than 20 times more likely to be in acciden .
 ups pilots complained of fatigue before fatal crash <sec> two pilots talked about rest ; transcript of cockpit conversation released at safety hearing .  pilot fatigue one of the hottest issues in commercial aviation ; cargo pilots want one rest standard for all .  the national transportation safety board did not find any mechanical problems with airbus jet .  plane crashed in august just short of runway in alabama ; both pilots kille .
 spanish judge indicts 3 suspected nazi camp guards <sec> spanish judge indicts three suspected former nazi concentration camp guards .  two suspects thought to live in u.s. ; third believed to live in austria .  order includes international arrest warrant .
 u.s. mobilizes to get assistance to quake-ravaged japan <sec> new : the u.s. 7th fleet takes the lead regarding delivery of aid to japan .  eight major u.s. warships are ordered to japan .  u.s. federal agencies coordinate search and rescue teams .  bud selig promises aid from mlb , citing a `` shared love of baseball .
 what threat do foreign jihadists pose ? <sec> more than 60 people have died in a siege at a shopping mall in nairobi , kenya .  al qaeda offshoot al-shabaab has claimed responsibility for the attack .  it has been reported that western jihadists may have been among the attackers .  jonathan russell says the radicalization of western muslims needs addressin .
 hurricane bertha chugs toward bermuda <sec> new : bermuda weather service issues tropical storm watch .  new : hurricane bertha 's fringes expected to reach bermuda on saturday .  the category 1 hurricane is causing large swells , high surf on bermuda beache .
 witness testifies he took , deleted video of the fort hood shooting <sec> new : pfc . .  lance aviles says he was ordered to erase the video .  another soldier , speaking from afghanistan , says the shooting haunts her dail .
 a toast to bring in some dough : royal leftover bread goes up for auction <sec> the piece of toast came from prince charles ' breakfast tray .  it could fetch up to â£500 or $ 778 .  people seem to see images in lots of food .  a grilled cheese sandwich of the virgin mary sold for $ 28,00 .
 fifa act over josip simunic 's 'pro-nazi ' chants <sec> fifa start disciplinary proceedings against josip simunic .  croatian defender led their fans in alleged pro-nazi chants .  followed 2-0 win over iceland to clinch world cup qualification .  croatia fined in the past for racist behavior of fan .
 five lessons learned from living in paris <sec> jennifer l. scott spent six months living with a family in paris .  parisians often turn mundane aspects of everyday life into something special , she says .  cultivate an air of mystery and become comfortable with silence , she advises .  scott : always look presentable and make life a formal affai .
 natalie cole needs kidney , gets offers during show <sec> during `` live king live , '' dozens e-mail offering to see whether they are a match .  singer to larry king : `` i 'm on a very long list , which is why we are looking to donors '' .  natalie cole says she was diagnosed with hepatitis c in february 2008 .  she links the illness to her struggles to stop using cocaine and heroi .
 panama releases crew of north korean ship <sec> 32 of 35 detained crew members are free to go , says panama 's attorney general .  prosecutor : the captain and two other officers face arms smuggling charges .  panama says it found fighter jets , explosives aboard north korean ship last yea .
 taylor swift 's year-end gift video brings all the feels <sec> taylor swift released a video december 31 .  in it , she sends fans gifts for the holidays .  the reactions are tears , squeals and meltdown .
 china builds bigger buddhas , but will tourists come ? <sec> construction of more than 10 buddha statues are planned in china this year .  china 's spring temple buddha is the world 's tallest statue at a total of 208 meters high .  leshan giant buddha is over 1,200 years old and part of a unesco world heritage sit .
 air force ends lock down after report of armed gunman on base <sec> new : an air force official says no gunman was found and the site is `` secure '' .  the lock down was initiated hours earlier after `` unconfirmed sightings '' of an armed man .  fbi agents , along with tucson police , were dispatched to the arizona air base to help .  no shots were fired and no one was hurt , a u.s. military official say .
 snoop dogg to release reggae album as snoop lion <sec> rapper snoop dogg is going reggae .  his new album , `` reincarnated , '' will release later this year .  the first single is already availabl .
 world vitiligo day : skin disease takes emotional toll <sec> vitiligo affects roughly 100 million people worldwide .  scientists do n't know what causes the incurable disease .  with vitiligo , pigment cells deteriorate , leaving patches of colorless ski .
 mount shasta climber found dead <sec> thomas bennett had taken ill sunday after trekking to the summit of the mountain .  his partner , mark thomas , dug a snow cave for bennett and hiked down .  an autopsy is scheduled to determine the exact cause of deat .
 fighting for nigeria 's missing schoolgirls <sec> # bringbackourgirls was a social media response to the april 14 kidnapping of 276 nigerian girls .  the cries of worried families inspired people worldwide to participate in the campaign .  alasholuyi kehinde from lagos , nigeria , kept up the campaign as its popularity faded .  he demanded the release of the chibok girls every day for more than 180 day .
 medal of honor recipient conflicted by joy , sadness - cnnpolitics.com <sec> clint romesha speaks of the loss of `` my battle buddies , my soldiers , my friends '' .  romesha gets the medal of honor for `` conspicuous gallantry '' beyond the call of duty .  he led counter-attacks against a 2009 assault by insurgents on a remote outpost .  romesha is the fourth living veteran of the iraq and afghanistan wars to get the medal of hono .
 amazing grace extends lead with 67 at the home of golf <sec> branden grace leads dunhill links by five shots at halfway .  follows his opening 60 at kingsbarns with 67 at st andrews .  grace has won three european tour titles this season .  europe ryder cup heroes trail at three course even .
 rival shiite leaders bury the hatchet in peace deal <sec> chiefs of powerful groups that fight one another forge peace deal .  previously vying for power , muqtada al-sadr , abdul aziz al-hakim pledge peace .  u.s. denies killing civilians in airstrike on village near baquba .  u.s. soldier killed by bomb ; 6 insurgents killed in raids , u.s. military say .
 cambodia 's long road to justice <sec> at least 1.7 million people perished under the khmer rouge 1975-1979 rule .  the ultra-maoists were bent on creating agrarian utopia .  war crimes court began earlier this year after more than a decade in the works .  cnn documentary examines cambodia 's attempts to confront violent pas .
 family prepares slain newlywed 's funeral <sec> michaela harte-mcareavey was strangled while on her honeymoon in mauritius .  her funeral is set for monday .  the president of ireland and the country 's top churchman are expected to attend .  police on the indian ocean island have arrested 3 hotel employee .
 dea makes record steroid raid <sec> authorities arrest 124 people , shut down 56 labs .  investigators seize raw materials imported from china .  china cooperates with probe , shuts down one la .
 global touchdown : why the nfl loves london <sec> nfl returns to wembley on sunday as new england patriots play st. louis rams .  it is the sixth regular season game to be played in london since 2007 .  nfl commissioner raises prospect of a london-based nfl franchise in future .  other sports also following u.s. lead by taking matches around the glob .
 murder charge filed in purdue shooting <sec> purdue shooting suspect found waiting in hallway , hands behind head , police say .  cody cousins is accused of stabbing , shooting andrew boldt .  he was formally charged on thursday .  authorities have n't released a motiv .
 23 suspected pirates captured , indian navy says <sec> suspects caught in gulf of aden after failed hijacking , india says .  boats , weapons , ammo , equipment also seized , officials say .  piracy off horn of africa has sharply increased this yea .
 new quake rattles italy after earlier tremor kills 7 <sec> an aftershock with a magnitude of 3.2 causes buildings to shake .  up to 11,000 people are displaced , with survivors huddling in tents and cars .  italian pm mario monti cuts short his nato summit trip after earthquake .  it 's italy 's third big quake since 200 .
 what 's lurking in your car 's history ? <sec> if a car has a lot of previous owners , it 's more likely to be not-well cared for .  a car from the north would be more affected by damaging winter storms .  vin cloning is a type of fraud where stolen cars use fake legitimate numbers .  body work could indicate an unreported acciden .
 u.s. to cut some military aid to egypt after coup , turmoil <sec> spokesperson denies the u.s. is halting all military assistance .  u.s. official : recent violence against protesters is among the reasons .  suspension of military aid prompted by `` accumulation of events , '' official says .  another official says the united states has not yet notified egypt of the decisio .
 turkish lawmakers ok military action against isis <sec> coalition airstrikes targeted isis near kobani , u.s. military says .  strikes come as criticism mounts about the coalition response to kobani 's plight .  residents ordered to leave as isis fighters advance on kobani , flee across border .  kurdish fighter says kobani is now a military zone , defenders will fight in the street .
 stars converge for inaugural celebrations <sec> celebrations open sunday evening with a free star-studded concert televised by hbo .  kids ' inaugural show monday will feature jonas brothers , miley cyrus .  one of the 10 inaugural balls tuesday evening will be shown live on abc .  beyonce , mariah carey , stevie wonder will perform at the bal .
 purported bin laden tape calls gaza offensive a 'holocaust ' <sec> new : message condemns arab leaders who `` conspire '' with israel .  new : speaker on al-jazeera urges liberation `` from the sea to the river '' .  arabic-language news network does n't reveal source of recording .  israeli offensive killed 1,300 palestinians ; 13 israelis also die .
 fifa fine ivory coast after stadium tragedy <sec> fifa have fined ivory coast football federation 50,000 swiss francs ( $ 46,800 ) .  this follows the tragedy in march which saw 22 supporters crushed to death .  fifa also impose 20,000 attendance limit at felix houphouet-boigny stadiu .
 twitter is n't a tool for groupthink <sec> howard kurtz says it 's wrong to say twitter pressures journalists into a consensus .  twitter allows users to broadcast their views ; diverse ones encouraged , he says .  some journalists have followed conventional wisdom for decades , he says .  kurtz : twitter is a cauldron of ideas -- some brilliant , some witty , some wack .
 opinion : most neighbors just watch as venezuela reels <sec> ukraine and venezuela experience deadly uprisings against authoritarian regimes .  david frum : ukraine 's neighbors support the activists , but many of venezuela 's do n't .  chile and colombia condemn regime , he says , but they 're right wing and thus suspect .  frum : brazil could play a big role in supporting democratic change in venezuel .
 glow shines on eagerly awaited 'twilight ' <sec> `` twilight '' is eagerly awaited movie based on stephenie meyer 's book .  film concerns romance between a vampire and a high school girl .  co-star kristen stewart says fans possessive of robert pattinson , who plays edwar .
 we are not corrupt , insists fifa official <sec> spanish executive committee member angel villa llona insists fifa is a clean organization .  llona gave a speech during spain and portugal 's final presentations in 2018 bid .  last week six officials were suspended following a media investigation into bribery .  llona defended his colleagues against allegations of corruption ahead of vote on world cup .
 florida group rebuilds vital coral reefs <sec> ken nedimyer is helping to restore dying coral reefs in the florida keys .  he and his group are growing coral in nurseries before transplanting them to the wild .  nedimyer : coral reefs are critical to marine life , many economies .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2012 cnn heroe .
 the lebanese art rockers creating the soundtrack to the arab spring <sec> mashrou ' leila is a seven-piece alternative rock band from beirut .  the group has won fans throughout the middle east since forming in 2008 .  its frank treatment of taboo subjects such as sexuality and religion has drawn criticism .  the band 's lead singer is openly gay , a rarity in the arab music scen .
 yu darvish : pitching for baseball greatness <sec> 23-year-old has been feted as the best pitcher in japan and has celebrity status .  plays with hokkaido nippon-ham fighters ; father is iranian , mother is japanese .  touted as next japanese player to make an impact in u.s. major leagu .
 4 measles cases connected to las vegas restaurant <sec> in clark county , nevada , 4 of 9 measles cases linked to emeril 's new orleans fish house .  cdc : 154 measles cases discovered in united states from january 1 to february 2 .
 a revealing journey as a woman reduces weight by half <sec> julia kozerski , 27 , has been overweight throughout her life .  kozerski started dieting in 2009 and chronicled her journey through photographs .  the photos share struggles `` with food , obsession , self-control and self-image .
 picking up the pieces , one year after london riots <sec> `` gisella 's '' boutique in london was destroyed by looters in last year 's riots .  having lost everything , the owners gisella and jan asante thought of giving up .  a year later , their boutique is back on its feet and thriving .  the pair 's dress designs are inspired by their african heritag .
 african-american women 's battalion from wwii honored <sec> women were enlisted to help with backlog of mail that was decreasing morale .  they worked in freezing conditions but sorted 65,000 letters a shift .  women had to find who letters addressed to `` buster '' or `` junior '' were for .  women responsible for mail for more than 7 million service members and civilian .
 3 killed in texas cockfight shooting <sec> several gunmen opened fire at a cockfight , the hidalgo county sheriff says .  three people were killed and eight were injured , a spokeswoman told cnn .  the illegal cockfighting area included concessions and bleacher .
 victim in acid attack released from hospital <sec> 28-year-old bethany storro was released from a portland , oregon , hospital sunday .  an assailant threw a cup of acid in her face last monday in vancouver , washington .  a composite sketch of the suspect has been released .  the attack bears similarities to a 2008 case in london , englan .
