 florida shoplifter gets big surprise from cop who nabs her <sec> the officer says she used her debit card to pay for the alleged shoplifter 's food .  officer vicki thomas says she 's done such things before , as have other officers .  jessica robles says she was desperate , her children were hungry .  robles , who is charged with a misdemeanor , promised to pay it forward someda .
 intriguing people for february 16 , 2010 <sec> journalism award goes to anonymous uploader of video showing iran protester 's death .  newly released footage of president kennedy 's 1963 arrival in dallas , texas , revealed .  u.s. skier earns bronze in vancouver after failing to reach podium in 200 .
 the hot new musical instrument : your smartphone <sec> smartphones and handheld devices increasingly being used to make music .  florida man wakes in night to create songs on iphone using zoozbeat app .  bands like gomez and phoenix are in on mobile music trend .  zoozbeat app was developed at georgia tech universit .
 checking incident has some nhl fans and a sponsor concerned <sec> a body check during a national hockey league game last week put one player in the hospital .  air canada tells the nhl to `` curtail these life-threatening injuries '' .  the airline says is might withdraw its sponsorship .  sportscaster len berman says pressure from sponsors could cause the nhl to ac .
 peyton manning expected to leave colts <sec> colts to hold noon et press conference .  manning out injured for entire 2011 season .  colts have no . .  1 pick in nfl draf .
 volcano erupts in indonesia , hurling ash cloud into the sky <sec> indonesian authorities are warning people to stay away from mt . .  lokon .  the volcano erupted friday , spewing ash 2 kilometers into the sky .  a 2.5 kilometer exclusion zone has been set up around the volcano .  an eruption by mt . .  lokon in july prompted the evacuation of thousands of resident .
 clarence thomas breaks years of silence on bench <sec> clarence thomas known for remaining quiet during oral arguments .  on monday , he joked about lawyers educated at yale , his alma mater .  current supreme court known as 'hot bench ' for the rhetorical scrum during argument .
 bill gates seeks answers in the toilet <sec> bill gates announces winner of tiolet challenge .  the new toilets will be showcased at a fair this week .  the challenge is part of an effort to improve worldwide sanitation .  lack of toilet access is blamed for the deaths of 1.5 million children each year , experts sa .
 the end of the war on marijuana <sec> on tuesday , voters in washington state and colorado legalized recreational marijuana .  roger roffman : washington state 's historical measure deserve close attention .  he says the state has offered the most compelling replacement to prohibition to date .  roffman : prohibition has hindered more than it has helped good decision-makin .
 fighter jets escort plane after passenger becomes unruly <sec> new : norad says decision made after receiving `` indicators '' of a problem .  hawaiian airlines flight 39 took off from portland at 10:10 a.m. with 231 passengers .  90 minutes into the flight , captain decided to turn around the boeing 767 , said airline official .  fbi : not releasing name of alleged unruly passenger because no charges ye .
 occupiers clash with police in new york ; 6 arrested <sec> the latest arrests come after 74 people were arrested over the weekend .  the occupy wall street movement began six months ago in zucotti park .  one witness says there were about 300 protesters in union square par .
 decades after war , u.s. and vietnam swap slain troops ' papers <sec> new : the late soldier 's sister-in-law says the letters made her weep and love him even more .  vietnam hands over letters taken from sgt . .  steve flaherty 's body after he was killed in 1969 .  defense secretary panetta returns a diary taken from a vietnamese soldier 's body .  it 's the first exchange of its kind , decades after the war ended , the pentagon say .
 afghanistan : soldiers killed in attack on u.s. base <sec> two soldiers killed and six wounded in attack at u.s. base in afghanistan .  the attacks occurred at bagram air field early sunday .  nationality of dead soldiers yet to be confirme .
 2 die in u.s. fighter jet crash in afghanistan <sec> air force f-15 eagle crash kills both crew members , u.s. military says .  crash was not caused by hostile fire , pentagon spokesman says .  afghan police prevented from going to crash site , local official say .
 really ? 10 unexpected cruise activities <sec> cruise lines are always adding to their array of activities .  indoor skydiving is one of a soon-to-be-launched mega-ship 's offerings .  `` top chef '' demonstrations and original picasso artwork are also on view at se .
 ginobili - overseas stars make nba mark <sec> san antonio guard manu ginobili speaks exclusively to cnn 's candy reid .  ginobili believes his success in the nba has paved the way for other overseas stars .  the argentine cites winning olympic gold in 2004 as the highlight of his caree .
 obama outspends romney on online ads <sec> president obama spent $ 16.4 million this year on online ads , twice as much as mitt romney .  online ads are seen as a better way to target specific voters .  romney 's ads appear traditional ; obama 's feature his family , wife , even his do .
 new dna work may offer break in 36-year-old michigan slayings <sec> oakland county child killer thought responsible in four '70s deaths .  fbi used modern dna testing to study hairs found in the investigation .  officials say the results give solid evidence the killings are linke .
 obama announces 'new chapter ' in u.s. mideast diplomacy <sec> events show oppression will not work in the middle east anymore , obama says .  the president announces $ 2 billion in assistance for egypt .  he announces a trade plan for the region .  a two-state arab-israeli solution should be based on 1967 borders , obama say .
 man charged in rothko painting defacement <sec> wlodzimierz umaniec will appear in court wednesday charged with criminal damage .  a man defaced one of famed artist rothko 's seagram murals on sunday .  the painting was hanging in london 's tate modern museu .
 wechat : the chinese chat app stealing weibo 's thunder <sec> tencent 's wechat , also known as weixin , is on the rise .  microblogging site sina weibo seems to be losing its appeal in china amid greater state controls .  users say wechat offers greater privacy and variety of applications than sina weibo .  but the two platforms are n't necessarily mutually exclusive , say analyst .
 10 reasons to experience afrikaburn <sec> afrikaburn takes place every april in the semi-desert karoo north of cape town , south africa .  the week-long event is africa 's most successful answer to the u.s . .  burning man festival .  the event culminates in fiery spectacles as giant sculptures built for the event are torche .
 you 're never too young to be ceo <sec> children around the country are starting businesses with help from parents and educators .  `` kidpreneurs '' author : entrepreneurship give kids skills for `` a limitless future '' .  it can be tough for children to balance school , home and business , parents say .  entrepreneur 's mom : `` i hope this opens up her mind ... she can be the creator of her destiny .
 iran court says it is considering bail for american hikers <sec> an omani official is en route to tehran , a western diplomat says .  the judiciary seems to contradict a tuesday statement by the hikers ' lawyer .  the contradictory information may point to rifts in iran 's government .  human rights groups criticize ahmadinejad for using the hikers for political gai .
 divers lift 200-year-old champagne from baltic shipwreck <sec> about 70 bottles lie mostly undamaged south of the aland island .  `` the first bottle was brought to the surface in mid-july , '' official says .  the champagne is believed to have been aboard the ship between 1800 and 183 .
 bela fleck gets to the roots of the banjo <sec> bela fleck , top-rank banjo player , went to africa to seek instrument 's roots .  fleck : i like throwing myself into `` uncharted waters '' .  musician collaborated with african kora player toumani diabat .
 cnn student news transcript : october 20 , 2009 <sec> learn about the different enemies facing coalition forces in afghanistan .  find out why social networking sites are popular among cyber thieves .  consider some of the challenges involving school buses around the u.s .
 why do pet rescuers ask such nosy questions ? <sec> in 2011 , dog owners spent $ 248 on routine vet care and cat owners spent $ 219 .  abr requires clients to secure a letter from their landlord as part of the adoption process .  rescue groups look for applicants who will commit to routine vaccination .
 the scene : 'potter 's ' 'i killed sirius black ' <sec> `` harry potter and the half-blood prince '' came out wednesday .  film has key scene involving harry and bellatrix lestrange .  scene is not in j.k. rowling 's book , but a cinematic creatio .
 locked away : kenya 's health anguish <sec> mental health patients in kenya find themselves locked in shacks by their families .  relatives struggle to cope and get little government assistance .  less than one percent of kenya 's health budget is allotted to mental health .  senior health official says there 's only 50 active psychiatrists in the countr .
 prince charles visits afghanistan war zone <sec> heir to british throne spends night at military camp in afghanistan .  prince charles met u.s. gen. stanley mcchrystal and afghan officials .  prince also visited kabul , but did not meet president karza .
 no deterrent to pirates , u.s. commander says <sec> gortney : no working somali government , country willing to detain , try accused pirates .  u.s. currently only nation with ships dedicated to anti-pirate task force .  asian , european nations have own ships independently patrolling regio .
 duchess of cambridge to name princess cruise ship <sec> catherine , duchess of cambridge , to name royal princess .  the naming is set for june 13 in southampton , england .  the duchess is expected to deliver her first child in jul .
 former u.s. commander in iraq calls for truth commission <sec> retired lt. gen. ricardo sanchez retired over the abu ghraib prison scandal .  abu ghraib photos showed naked prisoners and prisoners with dogs .  truth commission is only way to regain credibility , says sanchez .  `` we 've got to learn the lessons and never go this way again , '' sanchez say .
 gadget gift ideas for father 's day <sec> with father 's day approaching on june 16 , here are some gadgets gifts to consider .  instead of obvious tablets and phones , we 're mostly showcasing lesser-known tec .
 2 sailors killed , 1 injured in camp pendleton training exercise <sec> vehicle rolls over during a training exercise at california 's camp pendleton .  marine corps will investigate because accident happened on its base .  in january , a marine corps instructor died when his assault vehicle san .
 knox makes emotional return to seattle <sec> amanda knox returns home after four years .  she says spending time with her family is a priority .  charges against knox are overturned .  knox was convicted of murder and other charges in 200 .
 court bans musharraf from pakistani politics <sec> the ruling by the high court in peshawar follows similar rulings from lower courts .  musharraf , who is accused of wrongdoing in office , can appeal .  he had been in exile before he returned to pakistan recently .  elections are to be held next mont .
 renting an island not just for the rich <sec> many islands can be rented for a few thousand dollars a week .  if you have a sense of adventure , some can be had for a few hundred dollars .  `` it 's a mystique to be on your own private island , '' owner says .  necker island is on the other end of the spectrum at $ 53,000-plus a nigh .
 india police : minster 's wife who accused him of affair found dead <sec> new : pakistani journalist : `` i met the minister twice in my entire life '' .  pakistani journalist denies having affair and is shocked at death .  sunanda pushkar , wife of minister shashi tharoor , is dead , police say .  she had publicly accused her husband of adultery with the pakistani journalis .
 travelers urged : stay away from mumbai <sec> travelers urged to postpone journeys to mumbai following terror attacks .  indian pm says attackers aimed to `` indiscriminately kill innocent foreigners '' .  visitors to mumbai urged to stay indoors , await further developments .  flights to , from mumbai 's main airport undisrupted , air india spokesman say .
 police : killer of 4 adults , 2 kids in memphis still at large <sec> new : police believe killer or killers left the memphis house where 6 people slain .  neighbor says he heard shots saturday night , did n't call police .  police : four adults , two kids killed ; 3 other children wounded .  7-year-old , 4-year-old , and 10-month-old hospitalize .
 opinion : from one first black president to another <sec> julian zelizer : obama and mandela : the two first black presidents of their nations .  mandela a big influence on obama , who said , `` he makes me want to be a better man '' .  zelizer : obama 's election was transformational despite political vitriol since then .  problems persist , he says , but civil rights have come far in u.s. and south afric .
 fed cup : serbia makes history in first semifinal showdown <sec> serbia to face russia in their first ever fed cup semifinal .  serb ana ivanovic , ranked 15 , will lead campaign against injury-hit russia .  the former world no . .  1 is hoping to make a comeback after career slump .  czech republic will face italy in opposing semifinal , with petra kvitova hoping to return to for .
 jump shot : a sochi photography masterclass <sec> henry stuart specializes in producing 360-degree pictures for getty images in sochi .  he captures the skier with multiple frames at different points all the way down the hill .  stuart says he wants to get `` the sense of the steepness and the speed of the skier '' .  he takes around 40 pictures per jump and will use about 20 in the final composite imag .
 airship cargo to revolutionize arctic transportation <sec> aeros and icelandair cargo are to team up to develop new air freight service across the arctic .  aeros ' new cargo airship , the aeroscraft , requires no runway and can access remote terrains .  the two companies want to deliver standard cargo containers via iceland to regions with little infrastructur .
 world 's second bitcoin atm to open in hong kong <sec> world 's second bitcoin atm to open in hong kong by the end of january .  customers can buy or sell bitcoin from the machine in just a few minutes .  company ceo : `` i think we 're going to unleash the power of bitcoin '' .  however , not all asian governments recognize bitcoin as a real currenc .
 court stays execution of georgia convict <sec> warren hill had been scheduled to die monday night .  his lawyers say he 's mentally retarded .  the state says that has n't been proven in cour .
 at least five dead in shooting at minneapolis business <sec> new : police have not yet reported a motive for the shooting .  man killed at least four others before turning gun on himself , police say .  shooting occurred in city 's bryn mawr neighborhoo .
 are ron paul supporters ready for rand paul to carry the torch ? <sec> ron paul might have retired from congress last year , but he has n't gone away quietly .  unlike his father , sen. rand paul is more closely aligned with the gop establishment .  it 's clear many ron paul supporters do n't view rand as a replacement for his father .  some ron paul supporters are concerned rand paul will compromise libertarian position .
 vintage wall street sign fetches over $ 100,000 at auction <sec> sign marked intersection of wall and broad streets more than a century ago .  buyer was asian collector , bid by phone .  winning bid of $ 116,500 far surpassed pre-auction expectation .
 the non-fan 's guide to super bowl parties <sec> if you are n't a football fan , you might feel out of place at a super bowl party .  try to be inoffensive to hard-core fans if you 're just there to socialize .  helping the host with chores is one way to be useful and keep busy .  asking a friend who is willing to explain the game can make it more fun for yo .
 ex-cia officer who spied for russia from jail faces more time <sec> harold `` jim '' nicholson will be sentenced tuesday , again , for espionage .  he admitted continuing his covert activities while imprisoned in oregon .  he could have gotten 25 years , but through a plea deal , he 'll receive eight more .  the former cia station chief previously got 23 years for spying for russi .
 coffee with apple 's ceo ? that 'll be $ 210,000 <sec> want to meet apple ceo tim cook ? .  he 's auctioning a coffee talk for big bucks .  the visit will benefit the rfk center for justice and human rights .  as of thursday evening , the top bidder had pledged $ 210,000 .  the winner must sign a nondisclosure agreement : no tweeting or bloggin .
 iranian report : 5 ashura protesters could face death penalty <sec> ilna reports five protesters will be tried for waging war against god .  the charge , called `` moharebe '' carries possible death penalty .  the case will be tried `` soon , '' according to iranian press .  witnesses said at least seven people were killed and hundreds arrested during protests on december 2 .
 floods shut major routes between washington , oregon <sec> new : a 20-mile stretch of interstate 5 between seattle area and oregon closed .  amtrak suspends service between seattle and portland until saturday .  more than 40 evacuated from care home in puyallup , washington .  up to 15 inches of rain reported in some areas of washington stat .
 egypt 's president calls for a 'religious revolution ' <sec> president abdel fattah el-sisi speaks to celebrate the birthday of the prophet muḥammad .  `` we need a revolution of the self , a revolution of consciousness , '' he say .
 good african coffee wants trade , not aid <sec> ugandan businessman andrew rugasira is the founder of good african coffee .  the company roasts , packs and markets coffee for local and international supermarkets .  it splits profits 50:50 with its network of thousands of farmers .  rugasira 's message is that the future of africa lies in trade , not ai .
 bruce springsteen and the song of the working man <sec> bruce springsteen 's `` wrecking ball '' a sometimes angry look at america today .  springsteen knows impact rough times can have on home -- he 's been there .  singer generally known as inspiring and upbeat , but he has many sides .  at bottom of it all is a call to social justice , says biographe .
 human to hero : britain 's heptathlon medal hope jessica ennis <sec> british heptathlete jessica ennis is one of the favorites to take gold at the london olympics .  biggest inspiration in her career are her family who `` got me where i am today '' .  missed out on beijing olympics through injury ; london her first time competing at game .
 celebrate aung san suu kyi 's victory -- ease sanctions on myanmar <sec> democracy leader aung san suu kyi was elected to myanmar 's parliament .  her ability to take part in electoral politics is a sign of reform by the military leadership , authors say .  u.s. has a complex web of sanctions enacted over many years against military regime .  authors : it 's a good time to relax the sanctions to encourage economic growth , refor .
 cnn student news - august 11 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student new .
 derartu tulu <sec> olympic record : 2 gold medals .  only woman to have won a long-distance gold at two separate olympics .  the first ever black african woman to win olympic gold .  runner ; born march 21 , 1972 , in bekoji , ethiopi .
 a good start to reviving the middle class <sec> david frum : obama 's kansas speech called for middle class revival , which all parties want .  frum : a serious plan would address how money is drained off by health care , college costs .  incomes must be boosted with creative taxing , he says , less reliance on payroll revenue .  u.s. should look closely at china 's money manipulation , he says , to reduce outsourcin .
