 'go-go ' performer chuck brown dies <sec> manager speaks about brown 's influence .  performer chuck brown dies at 75 .  he was especially popular in washington , d.c . .  `` go-go '' is a form of funk and sou .
 nra and bad law block a way to catch killers <sec> amitai etzioni : stamping code on shell casings makes it easy for police to id gun that fired shot .  nra is fighting method and could win because of 2008 supreme court ruling , he writes .  etzioni : court ignored 70 years of precedent and guaranteed individual right to be armed .  this second amendment ruling hampers states making any gun-related law , he say .
 south korean olympic footballer still in medal limbo <sec> south korean officials will meet with football 's governing body , fifa , thursday in zurich .  park jongwoo did not receive medal after s. korea 's win over japan for displaying political message .  park denied the message , which backed seoul over a territorial dispute , was intentional .  international olympic association ( ioc ) asked football 's governing body to handle prob .
 more cases of swine flu reported ; who warns of 'health emergency ' <sec> new : 81 deaths in mexico `` likely linked '' to swine flu .  new : mexican health ministry given emergency powers .  two cases confirmed in kansas ; more suspected in new york .  mutated form concerns world health organizatio .
 hung jury derails trial over alleged sham marriage <sec> new : judge in los angeles declares a mistrial .  most jurors said it was impossible to reach a verdict with a `` hostile '' juror .  the judge decided not to replace that juror .  actress fernanda romero allegedly paid man to marry her for a green car .
 tribunal reinstates genocide charge against karadzic <sec> the reinstated count accuses radovan karadzic of trying to remove muslims from bosnia .  he was the leader of the breakaway serb republic in bosnia in the 1990s .  karadzic , on trial since 2010 , also faces a charge of genocide over the srebrenica massacr .
 katy perry big winner at people 's choice awards <sec> katy perry was honored in five categories .  `` harry potter and the deathly hallows : part 2 '' took four awards .  other honorees included ellen degeneres , lea michele and demi lovat .
 cnn student news - june 4 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 'chewbacca bat , ' stinky beetles and other bizarre species <sec> new species discovered by researchers in mozambique .  scientists carried out first major biodiversity study in gorongosa national park .  frog that ca n't hop and `` chewbacca bat '' found in the park .  the forest was ravaged by years of conflict and poachin .
 report : osama bin laden -- doting grandpa , paranoid terrorist <sec> new : a senior government official confirms the report 's authenticity .  report : at the hospital , bin laden 's wife faked being deaf and mute so people would n't ask questions .  he wore a cowboy hat to obscure his features from satellite cameras , the report says .  the most wanted terrorist once shaved his beard to avoid recognitio .
 voter registration begins for key sudan decision <sec> a u.n. panel is monitoring the 17-day registration effort .  the referendum is part of a 2005 peace agreement .  it is also a key factor as u.s. offcials weigh removing sudan from its list of terrorism sponsors .  some fear a war could break out if the government refuses to accept the referendum resul .
 motogp : riders pay tribute to retiring colin edwards <sec> motogp riders pay tribute to colin edwards after he announces plans to retire .  edwards to retire at the end of 2014 after a 22-year career .  the grand prix of the americas , the second race of the season , takes place sunda .
 25 killed in northern nigeria as sectarian violence surges <sec> sectarian violence and fuel policy protests are tests for the president , an analyst says .  gunmen attacked the deeper life church in gombe as worshipers met for a service .  an eyewitness describes how people were gunned down as they tried to flee .  an islamist militant group , boko haram , has been blamed for other attacks on churche .
 newsquiz : week of january 28 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 pharrell williams joining 'the voice ' <sec> nbc tweeted williams is joining the hit show .  he has previously served as a guest mentor .  pharrell tweeted `` this is going to be fun .
 obama to release document on targeted killings to congress <sec> a senate committee will get a classified document thursday .  the drone program has been shrouded in secrecy and has been criticized by senators .  also thursday , a confirmation hearing will take place for cia director nominee john brennan .  policy group : 28 senior al qaeda members have been killed in drone strikes , including a u.s. citize .
 indians turning to meat as their incomes go up <sec> india is now one of the fastest growing markets for chicken in the world .  indians are developing new tastes because their incomes have grown , says top food writer .  but there 's also a lot more food available in india these day .
 opinion : why sarah palin praises ashton kutcher <sec> sarah palin praised ashton kutcher for his speech about the importance of working hard .  paul begala : so how did this hollywood liberal become the darling of conservatives ? .  he says perhaps conservatives saw the light ; if so , let 's see them walk the walk .  begala : liberals extoll hard work ; conservatives honor wealth , punish wor .
 new york muslim-american leaders gather to show support for park51 <sec> leaders representing mosques , islamic groups gather to back controversial center .  they want `` a week of dialogue '' to battle bigotry and promote understanding .  open houses are to be held at many u.s. mosques october 22-2 .
 spitfires and parade mark queen 's diamond jubilee <sec> 78 aircraft take part in a dramatic flypast above windsor castle .  some 2,500 members of the army , navy and royal air force march past the queen .  the queen is taking part in celebrations to mark her 60 years on the thron .
 what is it about that dress ? <sec> diane von furstenberg 's wrap dress has been a fashion staple for decades .  the dvf wrap dress is made with jersey which flatters female shapes .  readers told cnn about their devotion to their wrap dresses since the 1970s .  do you own a wrap dress ? .  send an email and a photo to revealed @ cnn.co .
 nadal and federer cruise through to monaco quarterfinals <sec> rafael nadal and roger federer both reach the monte carlo masters last eight .  nadal defeats richard gasquet while federer sees off marin cilic in straight sets .  spanish top seed nadal now faces ivan ljubicic , who shocked tomas berdych .  fourth seed david ferrer also impressive in brushing past milos raoni .
 indy winner dario franchitti leaves houston hospital <sec> the three-time indianapolis 500 winner thanks his friends , family and fans .  franchitti was injured in a serious crash on sunday .  he suffered a concussion and fractures to his spine and ankl .
 driver dies after suspected dutch royal attack <sec> incident happened during the netherlands annual queen 's day celebration .  car hit crowd near open-top bus carrying queen beatrix of netherlands .  police : no other clues that could lead to the involvement of other people .  police : there was no one other than the driver in the car at the tim .
 opinion : obama 's spectacular failure of leadership on syria <sec> s.e . .  cupp : president obama 's strategy in syria has been confused from the start .  cupp : obama 's failure of leadership on the crisis is clearer with every passing day .  she says the president sets the red line but then says the world sets the red line .  cupp : it seems the president 's main concern in syria is himself and his legac .
 lawyer fights 'widow cleansing ' tradition in malawi <sec> seodi white is a malawian lawyer and women 's rights activist .  she says one tradition dictates that widows have sex in order to be `` cleansed '' .  white is determined to stop young girls from giving up on an education .  she also fights to protect widows ' rights in malaw .
 segway inventor takes aim at thirst with slingshot <sec> segway inventor dean kamen wants to tackle the world 's fresh water shortage .  kamen has designed a portable water purifying device called a slingshot .  the machine is designed to purify water in remote villages of developing nations .  but assembly costs remain too high for the machine to be mass produce .
 melbourne teen killed himself in isis attack : reports <sec> australia is seeking to confirm reports a melbourne teen killed himself in an isis suicide attack .  jake bilardi , 18 , joined isis last year , foreign minister julie bishop said .  isis claimed that `` abu abdullah al-australi '' was killed in an assault on ramadi , ira .
 as boston marks bombing anniversary , dzhokhar tsarnaev awaits trial <sec> dzhokhar tsarnaev faces a november trial in the boston marathon bombing .  his lawyers argue he was under the `` domination and control '' of his brother tamerlan .  the defense will face long odds , expert say .
 phone , tablet users spend more time with apps than web <sec> phone , tablet users now spend an average of 94 minutes per day using apps .  people are using apps more frequently even though they 're not spending more time .  the drop in web traffic appears to be largely driven by facebook 's ap .
 last 2 oklahoma jail shower escapees captured <sec> the two inmates were taken into custody without incident , sheriff says .  inmates broke lock above shower to crawl space , then broke through wall .  it was the first escape from the 2-year-old caddo county jai .
 famous folks launched careers after 50 <sec> several famous people started successful careers after age 50 .  ronald reagan was elected to his first public office at age 55 .  `` little house on the prairie '' laura ingalls wilder wrote her first novel at 6 .
 prison riot leaves 27 dead in sri lanka <sec> the riot occurred at a prison located in the northern part of colombo .  the clashes started when authorities searched the prison for drug .
 investing for a song : violin market soars <sec> investors are being wooed by funds specializing in high-end musical instruments .  the stradivarius violin is the premier investment instrument .  a new hedge fund called the fine violins fund is dedicated to top-range instrument .
 spanish nurse 's aide would treat ebola patients again <sec> spanish nurse 's assistant teresa romero ramos speaks to her husband by phone .  romero says she 'd treat ebola patients again if cured , a family spokeswoman says .  she is doing better and has been able to drink some water ; doctors are hopeful .  spain is considering a u.s. request to use spanish bases in mission to fight ebol .
 will states go where congress has n't on gun laws ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> as they await federal action , states are enacting their own gun laws .  red states consider pre-emptive laws to nullify a federal assault weapons ban .  blue states pass tough restrictions on gun purchases , expand background checks .  states ' actions could provide political cover for a white house pushing tougher gun law .
 midwest begins to see some relief from flooding <sec> new : areas north of st. louis should see water slowly recede .  new : some rivers closed to public because of debris , fast currents .  fargo , north dakota , is preparing for flooding .  the rain and flooding have caused four deaths , local authorities sa .
 cameron warns global security rests on somalia 's future <sec> 40 countries and international organizations attend the event .  the session aims to galvanize the world to tackle somalia 's woes .  global terror and militant threats are among pressing issues in somalia .  the militant al-shabaab continues to pose a major threa .
 'orphan black ' season 2 preview : the best show you 're not watching <sec> season 2 of `` orphan black '' returns april 19 .  taking on the topic of clones , and using one actress to play them , makes the show stand out .  season 2 promises new , threatening characters and more mysterie .
 napoli wins match-fixing appeal <sec> napoli has won it 's appeal against the two point deduction for match-fixing .  players paolo cannavaro and gianluca grava both have six-month bans overturned .  former goalkeeper matteo gianello admitted he attempted to fix the club 's game with sampdoria in 2010 . .  club must pay $ 67,000 following decision of the cour .
 girl with an uzi ? get rid of assault weapons ( opinion ) <sec> jay parini : only someone on war 's front lines should have access to a submachine gun .  parini : at least 74 school shootings since sandy hook : is our romance with guns working ? .  he says amendment gave gun rights to `` well regulated militias '' to appease south 's slave patrols .  parini : gun ownership as an individual right only dates to 1980s supreme court rulin .
 vargas , others appeal to u.s. on deportations <sec> filmmaker and activist jose antonio vargas and others write to dhs secretary .  they seek deferred action on deportations for those like themselves with strong ties to u.s . .  vargas was detained by the border patrol in texas last month .  he was in the state to draw attention to the plight of migrant youth crossing the borde .
 nato : 'high-priority ' taliban leaders killed <sec> nato : 2 taliban leaders and `` significant number of insurgents '' were killed .  uk said its troops in s. afghanistan killed another senior taliban leader .  mullah bismullah akhund described as `` a senior key facilitator and logistician '' .  w. afghanistan : airstrike launched after a coalition convoy was attacke .
 five things to watch for in vice presidential debate <sec> will biden use the issues obama avoided last week to take the fight to ryan ? .  can `` numbers guy '' ryan avoid the fiscal wonkery quicksand that sank obama last week ? .  will biden argue or avoid his ticket 's differences with the republicans on social security ? .  almost three decades apart , will the age gap between ryan and biden be a factor .
 opinion : what clinton does n't get on immigration <sec> ruben navarrette says hillary clinton does n't seem to understand immigration issues .  he says her answer at cnn town hall started out ok but strayed off message .  as former cabinet member , she should know executive branch power , he says .  navarrette : clinton said she 's sympathetic to immigrant families , but then took hard lin .
 'phenomenal woman ' maya angelou remembered <sec> oprah winfrey : `` she was there for me always , guiding me '' .  president obama : angelou `` one of the brightest lights of our time '' .  president bush : `` her words inspired peace and equality and enriched the culture of our country '' .  erik estrada : `` your words have changed peoples thinking & sometimes their behavior .
 ukraine : 16 killed in attack on soldiers in donetsk <sec> donetsk health authority says 16 people died in overnight violence , 32 were injured .  acting president says 13 soldiers were killed in donetsk ; a 14th soldier died in luhansk .  ukraine pm urges emergency u.n. meeting , accuses russia of trying to derail election .  nato chief says there may be signs russia is preparing to pull back forces from border are .
 occupy roundup : campus fallout , a silent protest and a new encampment <sec> new : oakland police clear city lot of encamped protesters .  uc davis chancellor sets up task force to look into police pepper spray incident .  newt gingrich tells protesters to bathe and get a job .  dc occupiers want a vacant school building converted for community us .
 ozwald boateng : cutting a dash <sec> british designer was youngest to have shop on london 's exclusive savile row .  ghanaian parents instilled appreciation of african culture .  set up made in africa trust to encourage wealth creation across afric .
 priest : 'nobody can tell me to shut up ' <sec> postville , iowa , priest : `` every elected politician ... should bow their heads in shame '' .  `` nobody can tell me to shut up , '' rev . .  lloyd paul ouderkirk says .  bosses of kosher plant accused of using illegal immigrant workforce , including kids .  court interpreter who witnessed trials : `` the federal court got taken for a ride .
 hermine downgraded , but brings rain , flash-flood warnings <sec> new : hermine downgraded to tropical depression .  tornado watches issued in north texas .  hermine triggers flooding and road closures in san antonio .  all coastal watches and warnings for hermine have been cancele .
 closing arguments set for elephant abuse trial <sec> ringling bros. and barnum & bailey accused of mistreating 54 asian elephants .  judge is set to hear closing arguments in nearly decade-old legal dispute .  animal rights groups say circus violating 1973 endangered species act .  circus attorney says elephants `` thriving in ringling bros. care . .
 bring your parents to work day : nice trend or helicopter parenting ? <sec> linkedin is sponsoring the workplace initiative `` bring in your parents day '' .  the goal , executives say , is to bridge the generation gap in the digital age .  participating parents and employees say the day is not a mark of helicopter parents .  parenting expert : companies should make clear it 's not a chance for parents to meddl .
 clashes as key iranian cleric warns leaders <sec> rafsanjani calls for release of those held after june 12 vote .  rafsanjani : `` if the system reapproaches them they will come back to us '' .  former president backs opposition leader mir hossein moussavi .  police used tear gas to disperse crowds attending the sermo .
 seoul : n. korean missile can hit u.s. bases <sec> new missiles can travel about 3,000 kilometers .  weapons could reach alaska or u.s. bases on guam .  tensions on korean peninsula running hig .
 angel of 9-11 <sec> some people see an image in a piece of 9-11 wreckage at a yet-to-open museum .  it is being called the `` angel of 9-11 '' .  `` people often find meaning in tragedy , '' says museum spokesma .
 12 vip experiences actually worth the money <sec> want to meet gene simmons ? .  vip nation might be able to help you out .  the wrigley field experience lets you take batting practice with legends of the game .  american museum of natural history 's vip tour lets you avoid crowds .  disney world premium vip tour gives you a new perspective on the par .
 ncaa discussing how it deals with academic fraud <sec> ncaa looking at two elements of definition of academic fraud .  next meeting for committee is in june .  critics are concerned ncaa did n't see a scandal at north carolina as a case of athletics violations .  ncaa also looking at giving five big conferences more decision-making ability on benefit .
 group claims responsibility for killing u.s. diplomat in sudan <sec> new : `` i am doing what i love every day of my life , '' john granville told his mother .  granville , 33 , was shot to death early new year 's morning in sudan .  group claims responsibility friday on islamist web sites ; sites say the group is new .  claim by partisans of monotheism in sudan ca n't be independently verifie .
 joan rivers autopsy inconclusive <sec> further studies needed to determine cause , manner of death .  rivers , 81 , was undergoing a procedure at clinic ; she suffered cardiac and respiratory arrest .  rivers had been on life support at manhattan 's mount sinai hospita .
 nigeria : troops killed man acting as boko haram leader <sec> defense ministry : troops have killed a man who 's been acting as leader of boko haram .  he `` has been acting or posing on videos as the deceased abubakar shekau , '' it said .  the military has claimed several times to have killed boko haram chief abubakar shekau .  president jonathan : nigeria `` knows too well the destructive effects of terrorist activities .
 berbatov scores five as man utd run riot <sec> dimitar berbatov claims five goals as manchester united thrash blackburn rovers 7-1 .  arsenal beat aston villa 4-2 ; manchester city draw with stoke city .  everton thrashed at home 4-1 by west brom ; wins for strugglers wolves and west ha .
 why americans should care about egypt <sec> turmoil in egypt over past two years has virtually halted travel by americans .  a pinch on oil passing through the suez canal would hit u.s. drivers at the gas pump .  the most populous arab country , egypt 's stability is seen as key to mideast peac .
 colorful , creative , inspiring : african street art <sec> african street art includes graffiti , inspiring murals , painted shop fronts .  it provides an outlet for political voices and local culture .  cape town is home to a thriving graffiti scene with a social messag .
