 air france crash remains a mystery as latest report released <sec> investigators still do n't know what caused an air france jet to crash .  the flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder have never been found .  investigators are preparing to begin a new search for the recorders in february .  flight 447 went down in stormy weather in the atlantic ocean on june 1 , 200 .
 political tensions flare after mexican presidential vote <sec> new : peña nieto says he has received congratulatory messages from world leaders .  lopez obrador says he 's waiting for official results , and prepared to contest them .  peña nieto 's apparent victory marks a triumphant return to power for his party .  analyst : mexicans `` are going to force the pri to govern in a different way .
 african union adds to sanctions in mali <sec> `` we are surviving on hope , '' says timbuktu witness .  u.s. government is `` deeply concerned about the ongoing political crisis in mali '' .  west african countries on monday imposed sanctions on the junta .  a tuareg insurgency has taken control of regional capitals in northern mal .
 scientists find clue in mystery of the vanishing bees <sec> colony collapse disorder has killed millions of bees .  scientists suspect a virus may combine with other factors to collapse colonies .  disorder first cropped up in 2004 , as bees were imported from australia .  $ 15 billion in u.s. crops each year dependent on bees for pollinatio .
 san francisco 's graffiti war <sec> authorized murals and street art routinely being defaced by vandals in san francisco .  some of best murals in historic mission district have been ruined .  `` its war '' declared one tagger after an artist attempted to paint over his tag .  `` there is always that possibility of violence if you approach someone tagging a mural , '' says local art instructo .
 surge or splurge in iraq ? <sec> fifth anniversary of the war in iraq commemorated wednesday .  u.s. money given to former insurgents is cited as force in iraq 's improvement .  retired army col. doug macgregor says it 's a `` cash-for-peace '' scheme .  critics predict a quick return to civil war when the money dries u .
 woman sees black man as sniper target -- her brother <sec> a woman was devastated to see her brother and other black men as targets , nbc6 reports .  police say they also use groups of white men , hispanic men and white wome .
 2008 anti-trafficking law contributes to border crisis <sec> a law to protect migrant kids from sex trafficking causes hearing delays today .  the delays encourage parents in central america to send their kids north .  some in congress propose changing the law to speed up the process .  democratic leaders say child immigrants must have a full hearin .
 how gadhafi 's death will affect libya 's civil war <sec> cnn 's ben wedeman spoke to cnn about the death of moammar gadhafi .  he was the first western tv reporter in libya during this year 's civil war .  do n't expect libyan civil war to end after gadhafi 's death , wedeman say .
 ukraine cries 'robbery ' as russia annexes crimea <sec> new : putin , russia `` on the wrong side of history , '' kerry says .  new : ukraine faces 'the beginning of a very dangerous conflict , ' lawmaker says .  putin calls crimea `` an inalienable part of russia '' as he signs annexation pact .  ukraine authorizes use of force after bloodshed in crime .
 legal tender equality : americans lack a paper money woman <sec> bumping woman from £5 note for churchill caused outcry , jane austen on £10 note as make-good .  in the u.s. , only woman on currency was martha washington , on 19th-century silver certificates .  hellen keller , sacagawea and susan b. anthony have appeared on u.s. coins .  the faces currently on u.s. currency were chosen in 192 .
 dead stars and classic art will surround michael jackson <sec> new : michael jackson burial to begin at 7 p.m. pt ( 10 p.m . .  et ) .  jackson 's burial has been delayed by division among jackson family members .  coroner announced last week that he had ruled jackson 's death a homicide .  no one has been charged in the pop singer 's deat .
 winning sports teams offer hope for detroit <sec> detroit had once been fourth largest u.s. city , with more than 1.8 million people .  2010 census numbers reveal a drop in population to 713,777 .  detroit has been a source of economic trouble for months .  detroit lions and detroit tigers are both experiencing a winning seaso .
 video of possible gay wedding leads to charges in egypt <sec> egypt 's public prosecutor ordered the arrest saturday of 9 men on criminal charges .  charges stem from viral video of purported gay wedding .  homosexuality is not overtly outlawed in egypt .  gay persons can face charges under broadly interpreted `` morality '' statute .
 nypd searches for 'knockout ' suspect in brooklyn attack <sec> nypd searches for a man who allegedly punched a woman , knocking her to the ground .  the woman was walking with her young daughter when she was assaulted .  the victim sustained minor injuries and the suspect fled on foot .  attack follows 9 suspected `` knockout '' assaults reported since october in new yor .
 former defense secretary gates supports gays as new bsa president <sec> 'i would have supported going further , ' the former defense secretary said .  gates warned that the issue should not be reopened to avoid divisivenes .
 worst-case thinking makes us nuts , not safe <sec> bruce schneier says worst-case security planning focuses on unlikely as though it 's certain .  he says it 's a blunt intrument that distorts risk analysis , plays to terrorists , makes us fearful .  this , he says , leads to bad , dangerous decisions and policies that leave us vulnerable .  schneier : it lets biased people make seemingly good arguments without understanding issu .
 supreme court wo n't stop execution of virginia woman <sec> grandmother , 41 , scheduled to be executed thursday .  u.s. supreme court declines to issue stay .  teresa lewis ' attorney said she did not mastermind the killing .
 tourists warned after egypt shark attacks <sec> tourists visiting egyptian resort warned to be alert after shark attacks .  german woman killed in sunday 's attack ; beaches closed until shark is found .  3 snorkelers injured previously ; 2 sharks have been caught and killed .  volunteer expedition will leave on monday to hunt the shar .
 will va take choice from vets ? ( opinion ) <sec> veterans ' choice act was signed into law in august 2014 .  jerry moran : va is denying the access the law was intended to provid .
 flex-time , time off : who 's getting these perks ? <sec> hewitt associates : 75 percent of big organizations offer flexible-work benefits .  many companies by law have to grant up to 12 weeks of unpaid leave annually .  telecommuting and compressed work weeks also common benefit .
 a mother 's worst nightmare <sec> mother of marine being held in mexico says this separation is worse than his combat tours .  jill tahmooressi says her son expressed fear he would not make it .  he was arrested after crossing into mexico with several guns in his car .  jill tahmooressi is relying on her faith to get her through thi .
 alabama wins bcs championship <sec> crimson tide shuts out the tigers 21-0 .  the two battled in november , with lsu coming out on to .
 opinion : mick jagger 's lesson parenting <sec> according to the daily mail , mick jagger 's ex-wife asked him to buy houses for their kids .  ruben navarrette : jagger is right to be wary of such `` parental housing subsidies '' .  he says being a good parent is teaching adult children to stand on their own two feet .  navarrette : if kids grow up to be dependent on their parents , then we have failed the .
 honduran president : minors in u.s. shelters should return home <sec> honduran president wants detained , unaccompanied minors returned to honduras .  statement comes after honduran official called for u.s. to stop deporting honduran childre .
 relatives describe emotions as they awaited news of chilean miners <sec> wives , fathers and daughters recall moment they learned of the accident .  the 33 chilean miners have been trapped underground for a month after an earthquake .  `` here in chile they 've always treated our miners like animals , '' miner 's daughter says .  `` my claudio ca n't leave me like this . .  claudio has to be alive , '' claudio yanez 's wife recall .
 syrian minister : enemies 'brainwashed ' slain rebel son <sec> new : more than 120 deaths reported tuesday by the opposition .  the syrian minister said his late rebel son was `` brainwashed '' .  heavy rains bring discontent to syrian refugees .  battle for taftanaz base is heating u .
 when worlds collide : soccer vs. politics <sec> argentina 's right-wing junta allegedly bribed peru with grain and a $ 50m loan in 1978 .  organizers of germany 2006 set out to woo the world -- and in doing so lifted its people .  when iran beat u.s. at the 1998 world cup , celebrations in tehran had a destabilizing effect .  algerian players go awol rather than represent colonial masters france at world cu .
 sinise giving back to veterans , first responders <sec> acclaimed actor gary sinise : i 'm grateful for the freedom that our troops provide .  his gary sinise foundation provides support for veterans and civilian first responders .  one of sinise 's iconic roles was a disabled veteran in `` forrest gump '' .  he says he also has many veterans in his famil .
 absalon and spitz claim mountain bike glory <sec> julien absalon becomes the first rider to defend the men 's mountain bike title .  36-year-old german sabine spitz claims victory in the women 's mountain bike .  china complete a table tennis clean sweep with the gold medal won by ma lin .  australian matthew mitcham denies china clean sweep of diving gold .
 sweet tooth ? here 's news hard to live with <sec> added sugar is associated with cardiovascular disease risk factors , study finds .  study : lower added-sugar consumption linked to better levels of good cholesterol .  study to be published in the journal of the american medical association .  those who ate more added sugar tended to be low-income , younger non-latino black .
 asia 's ideal beauty : looking caucasian <sec> one in five korean women from 19 to 49 have had plastic surgery , 2009 survey says .  the older generation may push those younger to have work done .  the majority of surgeries are considered `` westernizing '' procedure .
 shock and survival : asiana plane crash through the eyes of children <sec> `` we were all bouncing all over the place , '' 15-year-old esther jang says .  esther and her younger siblings called for their parents , who moaned in response .  the family had to take different exits amid the chaos .  `` when we all reunited ... .  i was really glad , so i started crying , '' joseph said .
 legendary jazz bassist charlie haden dead at 76 <sec> charlie haden first performed as a yodeling toddler with his family 's country band .  haden is known as a founding father of free jazz .  he played bass on hundreds of recordings with the biggest jazz legend .
 north korea launches missiles into sea <sec> south korean defense ministry calls the move a military provocation .  north korea launched four scud missiles into east sea , the south says .  launch may be an effort to show off north korean capabilities , observer says .  south korea and the united states are conducting joint military exercise .
 the 'revenge porn ' victory we need ( opinion ) <sec> peggy drexler : ftc 's barring man from posting nude images online does n't go far enough .  drexler says federal government should make `` revenge porn '' a crim .
 u.s. attorney 's office accuses man of trying to ship military documents to iran <sec> mozaffar khazaee is a naturalized u.s. citizen who also holds iranian citizenship .  if convicted , he could serve up to 10 years in prison and pay a fine of up to $ 250,000 .  shipping crates contained thousands of pages of restricted document .
 skiing 's 'dark arts ' to invade olympics <sec> a pair of freestyle skiing events to be introduced at 2014 winter olympics .  the `` dark arts '' of slopestyle and ski halfpipe will make their debut at sochi .  several athletes are making switch from alpine competitions , including kelsey serwa .  some experts say there are too many `` minor '' freestyle events included at game .
 nokia dials in to competition with revamped smartphones <sec> nokia n8 , e7 , c7 and the c6 all use new symbian 3 operating system .  finnish cellphone company bidding to recover lost ground to rivals such as apple .  nokia also announces improvements in developer tools to make building apps easie .
 federal jury convicts california man in 2008 courthouse bombing <sec> donny love was found guilty of the use of a weapon of mass destruction .  prosecutors consider him the mastermind behind the federal courthouse bombing .  no one was injured in the blast .  three other people were previously charged and pleaded guilty in connection to the cas .
 ammo found beside road helped break kansas city highway shooter case <sec> man charged with 18 felony counts covering nine incidents .  police identify the suspect as mohammed pedro whitaker .  break came when witness found ammo boxes beside road .  he is being held on $ 1 million cash bond , prosecutor say .
 newtown shooter 's guns : what we know <sec> police : newtown , connecticut , gunman came to school grounds with four weapons .  guns included a shotgun , an ar-15 rifle , a glock 10 mm and a sig sauer 9 mm .  lanza used numerous 30-round magazines to load his rifle , police say .  the shotgun was found in lanza 's parked car , police sa .
 why 'the league ' continues to score <sec> `` the league '' was created by `` seinfeld '' vet jeff schaffer and his wife , jackie .  jeff schaffer : `` 'the league ' is written and produced the same way that 'curb ' is '' .  jackie marcus schaffer : `` it 's a funny show about a shared passion .
 fifth seed tsonga crashes out of u.s. open to slovakian klizan <sec> jo-wilfried tsonga crashes out of u.s. open in second round .  fifth seed from france beaten by slovakia 's martin klizan .  tsonga was in andy murray 's section of the draw .  roger federer playing later thursday in night sessio .
 five games that changed the world <sec> the 2011 asian cup kicked off in qatar earlier this month , with 16 teams taking part .  the holders iraq shocked the world by winning in 2007 and violence there fell afterwards .  cnn looks at five football matches that had political and social reverberation .
 century-old notebook from antarctic expedition found <sec> notebook of photographer george murray levick found in the ice .  new zealand 's antarctic heritage trust conserved the notebook .  it provides information about many photos taken of robert scott 's expedition .  scott was a british explorer during the heroic age of antarctic exploratio .
 kylie minogue to sing at dubai world cup <sec> pop star kylie minogue will sing at the 20th dubai world cup horse racing event .  `` the world 's richest day of horse racing '' will see prize money worth approximately $ 30m up for grabs .  minogue will be performing a 90 minute show to conclude the internationally renowned even .
 kathleen hanna a little bit country , a little bit rock 'n ' roll <sec> hanna is in remission from late-stage lyme disease .  she 's back with a new album and new band .  hanna says she loves to do country musi .
 dynamic 2011 events to shape world for years to come <sec> arab spring , economy , japan quake , bin laden raid define 2011 news events .  scandals also marred 2011 , from absurd ( charlie sheen ) to sordid ( penn state .
 hp and google roll out intriguing $ 279 chromebook <sec> the hp chromebook 11 , made with google , costs $ 279 .  the laptop can be charged with a regular usb cable .  there will be a model available with 4g connectio .
 turkish official says police played no role in protester 's death <sec> ahmet atakan died from injuries amid anti-government protests in hatay province tuesday .  turkey 's interior minister : `` there was no police intervention '' and he `` fell from a high place '' .  turkish authorities in hatay have not responded to requests for an official autopsy repor .
 taiwan fury after athlete 's asian games disqualification in china <sec> martial artist yang shu-chun disqualified at asian games for having illegal socks .  taekwondo match was halted as judges said she had extra electronic sensors .  taiwan officials fail with immediate appeal to world taekwondo union .  sports minister will take matter to international court unless explanation is give .
 are the kardashians destroying america ? <sec> dean obeidallah : we 're obessed with kim kardashian : she 's on six magazine covers .  he says news about her at least gave everybody a respite from the real news .  but we should be paying just as much attention to political issues , obeidallah says .  left on its own , congress votes on national motto , he writes . .  we need to keep it on tas .
 burglar turns in tapes showing sex abuse that he swiped from home <sec> a burglar in steals an old super 8 camera and tapes from a home in southern spain .  he discovers video of a man sexually abusing boys , gives tapes and address to police .  police arrest a suspected child molester at his home , find other tapes showing sex abuse .  police have identified four minor boys who were victims of the alleged abus .
 northwestern football players take union hopes to labor board hearing <sec> northwestern university quarterback leads effort to unionize football team .  national labor relations board holds hearings on issue starting tuesday .  northwestern , while supportive of the team 's leadership , opposes the idea .  nyu labor law professor says union could work , but fans may not like resul .
 ravens security director charged with sex offense <sec> sanders is charged with a fourth-degree sex offense .  his lawyer told the baltimore sun the charges are fabricate .
 new giant rat species discovered <sec> scientists find new species of giant rat in rainforests of papua new guinea .  rodents measures 82 centimeters in length and weighs around 1.5 kilograms .  researchers also dicovered over 30 new species including 15 new types of fro .
 how green is high-speed rail ? <sec> hsr can significantly cut oil use in transport in next 10 years , says anthony perl .  he believes hsr can reduce oil use before alternative energy technologies are ready .  if power stations use fossil fuels , hsr will still impact climate , says tony bosworth .  bosworth argues hsr must be made affordable to get people out of car .
 obama gets laughs at alfalfa dinner <sec> obama pokes fun at d.c. power dinner hosted by once-exclusive club .  at the annual alfalfa dinner , obama makes fun of his chief of staff 's potty mouth .  obama jokes about his blackberry and how no one has his e-mail addres .
 obama warns against over-promising on ukraine response <sec> new : president obama , european leaders pledge unity against russian expansion .  new : obama says stronger sanctions on russia will impact u.s. companies .  new : nato allies have to spend more on defense , obama says .  new : italy 's prime minister pledges support for nato response to russi .
 working from home : not for every 'mr . mom ' <sec> poll : 37 percent of working dads would quit jobs if their families could afford it .  stay-at-home dad 's work worth $ 125,340 a year , according to salary.com .  author talks about caring for infant daughter during work conference call .  `` mr mom '' line , `` 220 , 221 , whatever it takes '' inspires work-from-home da .
 6 days after death , powell brothers remembered as smart , loving boys <sec> a memorial service is held in tacoma for braden and charlie powell .  the boys ' father struck the boys with a hatchet and blew up his home , police say .  `` we know that they are with their mother , '' their grandfather says .  the mother , susan cox-powell , was last seen in december 200 .
 'the bachelorette ' love letter : viall makes his case <sec> nick viall 's letter to andi dorfman has gone viral .  he wrote to `` the bachelorette '' after she dumped him .  viall makes his case for why they should be togethe .
 berlusconi renaissance would be 'disaster ' for italian economy <sec> democratic party deputy enrico letta 's comments come as berlusconi 's popularity surges .  the media tycoon and owner of soccer club ac milan was forced to step down in 2011 .  large number of undecided voters could provide election surprise , says nicholas spir .
