 rooney : i 'll be fit for world cup finals <sec> england striker wayne rooney insists he 'll be fit for the world cup finals .  rooney is currently sidelined with a groin injury .  the manchester united striker was voted premier league player of the seaso .
 the most stylish tv housewives of all time <sec> donna reed played the coolly capable stay-at-home mom who 's only seen on tv .  kristen davis wore classic upper east side favorites like oscar de la renta .  mary tyler moore modernized the typical tv housewife 's wardrob .
 ron paul vs. rand paul on ebola <sec> ron paul and rand paul are both physicians and prominent politicians . .  ron paul writes in a new op-ed that ebola is 'very difficult to attract ' . .  his son has been taking a different tone , arguing that it 's more contagious than thought .
 food , fear and business success <sec> mireille guiliano , best-selling author , promotes latest book about work life .  women mentoring other women is key to growth , as is finding balance , guiliano says .  letting go of fear allows women to take risks and move ahead , author adds .  balance is tied to physical health and sensible eating , a doable holiday challeng .
 haiti declaration of independence found in uk archives <sec> student julia gaffield found document in britain 's national archives .  pamphlet , dated january 1 , 1804 , is only known record of haitian independence declaration .  this declaration was sent to the british government by haiti 's first independent leader .  the first two pages are titled `` liberte ou la mort , '' or `` freedom or death . .
 charles koch to push criminal justice reform - cnnpolitics.com <sec> gop megadonor charles koch wants a bigger conversation on criminal justice reform .  koch , and his brother david , are key players in the republican donor class .  some 2016 republican presidential hopefuls have said they favor criminal justice refor .
 arias trial jury foreman calls decision 'gut-wrenching ' <sec> `` it just does n't wash , '' foreman tells abc .  `` we could n't allow ourselves to be emotional , '' william zervakos says .  he says travis alexander abused jodi arias .  `` is that an excuse ? .  of course not , '' he say .
 juventus on the rise : reinvigorating the 'old lady ' <sec> juventus is clawing its way back to break even point after low point of 2006 .  old lady was stripped of two serie a titles and demoted in match fixing scandal .  juve now looking for third straight league title after andrea agnelli became president .  club edging back to healthy financial state but still reliant on champions league incom .
 documents show real reason t.i . went back to prison <sec> new : prison officials never told the rapper only his wife could ride with him , his lawyer says .  a prison report says t.i . .  violated his furlough by having his manager with him .  a reality tv producer 's presence on t.i . .  's bus also was unauthorized , a document says .  prison officials are reviewing the incident that put the rapper back in prison , his lawyer say .
 body found in mangrove may be that of passenger who fell from plane <sec> a man 's body was found saturday morning in a mangrove area near miami .  `` we presume that the body found is that of gerardo nales , '' police say .  pilot tells authorities his passenger fell out at 1,800 fee .
 hopes fade for south korean sailors after sinking <sec> new : families of the missing sailors stormed a naval base south of seoul on saturday .  strong winds and rough waves sunday dimmed hopes of rescuing 46 sailors .  south korean officials have played down possible north korean involvement .  new : defense minister : vessel appears `` to have been split in half .
 how to save the tigers <sec> steven sanderson of wildlife conservation society says tiger population has plummeted .  a summit in russia with conservationists , nation leaders could set tiger 's fate , he says .  society has proposed an $ 82 million plan at summit to stop decline , boost recovery , he says .  sanderson : plan still short of financial target ; leaders must not fail as stewards of plane .
 a local 's guide to lower manhattan <sec> lower manhattan is one of the most under-appreciated parts of new york city .  stop at the trinity church to see the stained glass and free museum .  stone street offers dining alternatives to unmemorable chain restaurant .
 jury mulls verdict in fraud trial of nigella lawson 's former aides <sec> new : the jury in the trial of francesca and elisabetta grillo will continue deliberations friday .  the italian sisters deny embezzling money from their former employers .  at the trial , they alleged repeated drug use by celebrity chef nigella lawson .  the prosecution says the sisters abused their position by buying luxury goods for themselve .
 dozens dead from militants ' attack in pakistan <sec> attacks occurred at checkposts and military camps in the mohmand agency .  40 militants , six pakistani soldiers killed in fighting , pakistan says .  militants crossed into pakistan from afghanistan , official say .
 marshall islands officials : unclear how long castaway spent adrift <sec> new : there are conflicting reports as to when the castaway and his companion disappeared .  jose salvador alvarenga turned up in the marshall islands last week in a small boat .  he claims to have been adrift for about 13 months after setting off from mexico .  alvarenga says he lived off fish , birds , turtles , rainwater and urine while adrif .
 arrest made in seoul landmark fire <sec> new : `` mr. chae '' was convicted of torching a korean palace in 2006 .  new : chae has confessed to starting the namdaemun fire , police chief says .  new : easy access , lightly populated area dictated namdaemun choice , police say .  the more-than-600-year-old namdaemun was country 's oldest wooden structur .
 print your own life-size robot for under $ 1,000 <sec> french sculptor gael langevin has created life-like , affordable open-source robot .  the designs for each body part can be downloaded and built using a 3d printer .  langevin developed the robot after creating a prosthetic hand for a commercial photo shoo .
 victim uses facebook to finger suspect <sec> police use facebook to locate , charge suspect in hate crime .  suspect is a georgetown university sophomore .  the victim was attacked on september 9 near georgetown 's campus .  georgetown university is now investigating the inciden .
 another pre-election bombing in pakistan leaves 6 dead <sec> no one immediately claimed responsibility for the monday attack .  the pakistani taliban took responsibility for blasts that killed 8 on sunday .  the group says it is targeting candidates in the upcoming democratic election .  pakistani taliban : `` we are not in favor of democracy . .  democracy is for jews and christians .
 military mortuary open to media for first time since 1991 <sec> family of staff sgt . .  phillip myers consents to coverage of his casket 's return .  body of myers brought to dover air force base in delaware on sunday night .  this is first time that media coverage has been allowed since ban in 1991 .  in february , president obama and defense secretary robert gates overturned polic .
 wheel falls off colgan plane at buffalo airport <sec> wheel from main landing gear fell off as aircraft was landing earlier this week .  colgan airlines spokesman says no one on flight 3268 was injured .  one person on flight : `` i was scared , and the other passengers looked worried , too '' .  three months ago , colgan air flight 3407 crashed , killing all 49 people aboar .
 suv driver in videotaped beating files notice of intent to sue nyc <sec> alexian lien was attacked september 29 on a manhattan street .  video showed lien being dragged from his suv and beaten .  two new york city police officers are alleged to have taken part in the attack .  legal notice says city was negligent in hiring and training cop .
 indian rape debate : why death penalty is no solution <sec> the new delhi gang-rape and murder of a student on december 16 sparked outrage .  many indians are calling for harsher punishments or death penalty for convicted rapists .  ananth guruswamy says the death penalty is not the solution to the problem .  guruswamy says that execution `` would just perpetuate the cycle of violence .
 michael jackson reaches his 'final resting place ' <sec> jackson 's three kids , led by daughter , paris , placed a crown atop their father 's coffin .  clifton davis sang `` never can say goodbye , '' a hit he wrote for the jackson 5 .  guests included elizabeth taylor , lisa marie presley and macaulay culki .
 dozens of passengers on royal caribbean cruise fall ill , company says <sec> two crew members were among those sickened .  norovirus is suspected as cause of illness during caribbean cruise .  the majesty of seas was on four-day journe .
 changing the world one step at a time <sec> blake mycoskie talks about his innovative business , toms shoes .  he wants to provide children in need with shoes in a sustainable way .  mycoskie wants other firms to incorporate the idea of `` one-for-one '' givin .
 lohan gets second chance to do community service <sec> publicist : she arrives 20 minutes late to do community service at los angeles county morgue .  coroner says lohan missed her 10 a.m . .  et start time .  a judge has already revoked lohan 's probation because of other similar failure .
 murder suspect on fbi 's top 10 most wanted list is in custody <sec> the fbi says the man is a member of the ms-13 gang .  edwin ernesto rivera gracias is accused of killed a 69-year-old colorado man .  rivera gracias was added to the fbi 's top 10 list on march 1 .
 'fifty shades of grey ' will be rated ... <sec> `` fifty shades of grey '' has received an mpaa rating of r .  there was a question whether it would be rated r or nc-17 .  the movie opens february 1 .
 porn airs during super bowl <sec> tucson , arizona , viewers see 10 seconds of porn during super bowl .  snippet apparently seen by viewers with cable .  comcast cable and local stations looking into the interruptio .
 drought , death grips kenyan heartland <sec> millions of rural kenyans at risk of starvation because of drought , crop failure .  somalia , ethiopia and djibouti all face similar crises , world food program says .  hundreds of dead cattle dot landscape , driven in search of pasture by herdsmen .  wfp warns situation will get worse unless shortfalls in resources addresse .
 illinois governor wants to 'fumigate ' state 's government <sec> gov . .  pat quinn wants `` integrity '' restored to state government .  reform commission will report to quinn 's office .  quinn took over as illinois governor thursday when rod blagojevich ouste .
 peru investigates van der sloot prison picture <sec> joran van der sloot poses with fellow inmates in peru jail photo .  prison officials say his jailers face disciplinary action over the photo .  van der sloot was a suspect in the unsolved disappearance of natalee holloway .  he is now charged with killing a woman in his lima hotel room in ma .
 president dilma rousseff wins re-election in brazil <sec> with more than 99 % of votes counted , dilma rousseff had 51.59 % of the vote .  opposition candidate aecio neves had 48.41 % .  the election was one of the tightest competitions in recent year .
 jeremy meeks ' social media fame grows despite weapons , gang-related charges <sec> meeks , 30 , became an internet sensation after police released his mugshot .  authorities say his looks do n't translate into a model citizen .  he was arraigned friday on counts related to firearm possession .  this is not his first time behind bar .
 libya : ex-rebels attack prime minister 's office in pay protest <sec> former rebels with heavily armed pickup trucks surround interim prime minister 's office .  they want payments promised by libya 's transitional government to ex-fighters .  libya is preparing for elections scheduled to take place next month .  authorities face the challenge of integrating former militia groups into societ .
 mexico : beltran leyva drug boss arrested <sec> carlos beltran leyva arrested after showing fake driver 's license .  arrest comes two weeks after brother , arturo beltran leyva , was kille .
 adult-inspired lingerie marketed for young girls <sec> new : company creator defends her brand and the photographs included in the ad campaign .  french company jours après lunes has designed a line of `` loungerie '' for girls ages 4-12 .  public outcry claims that the ads and lingerie are sexualizing young girls .  people question whether it is the ad or the lingerie that is inappropriat .
 security forces storm syrian city , activists say <sec> new : at least 14 people have been killed , an activist group says .  security forces clash with gunmen believed to be dissidents .  protests in syria erupted seven months ag .
 fbi arrests connecticut cops accused of racial profiling <sec> new : mayor 's reaction to cnn affiliate : `` i might have tacos when i go home '' .  `` they behaved like bullies with badges , '' an fbi official says .  three patrol officers and one sergeant will face charges in federal court .  arrests come weeks after a scathing department of justice report on east haven polic .
 tip line played key role in cracking cold case <sec> james michael biela , 27 , is charged with murder of brianna denison .  police : biela 's dna and truck match evidence , witness information .  college student denison , 19 , was found dead in february .  she disappeared while visiting friends at the university of nevada , ren .
 obama , netanyahu agree on preventing iran nukes <sec> new : president obama , israel 's prime minister have a `` common assessment '' on iran .  new : the two leaders will open talks on extending u.s. military aid to israel beyond 2017 .  palestinians protest obama 's visit , as well as u.s. and israeli policies .  obama will also visit the west bank and jordan during his middle east tri .
 u.s. doctor diagnosed with ebola was on mission to help <sec> report : `` i 'm praying fervently that god will help me survive , '' the doctor writes .  dr. kent brantly , 33 , was diagnosed with ebola hemorrhagic fever .  he was working at an ebola treatment center in liberia when he was diagnosed .  brantly 's wife and children show no symptoms of ebola , the cdc say .
 school : no shortage of volunteers for swine flu vaccine trials <sec> saint louis university has received more than 500 responses since wednesday .  thousands of americans being recruited for trials in dozen of sites across nation .  patients will be asked to keep progress while they are monitored for two months .  doctor says virus could sicken one in five people this fall and peak in octobe .
 aid worker in mali says access is limited 'despite vast need ' for critical services <sec> violence has displaced hundreds of thousands malians .  mat jacob is a member of an international medical corps team providing aid to the region .  conflict in the region has made it difficult for relief groups reach those in need .  many doctors and nurses have fled timbuktu leaving critical health services weakene .
 hispanic teens more likely to use drugs , study says <sec> hispanic teens are more likely than african-americans , caucasians to use illicit drugs .  report : 54 % of hispanic teens reported having used an illicit drug .  african-american teens came second at 45 % and caucasians at 43 % . .  21 % of hispanic parents said they were ok with teen smoking marijuan .
 jordanian king 's controversial interview sparks uproar <sec> king abdullah is quoted calling the opposition muslim brotherhood a `` masonic cult '' .  he also reportedly refers to tribal elders as `` old dinosaurs '' .  the article quickly triggered a flurry of accusations and denials inside jordan .  u.s. president is due to visit jordan during his trip to the middle eas .
 mother of missing woman sues l.a. authorities for wrongful death <sec> mitrice richardson disappeared september 17 after release from sheriff 's station .  she was arrested hours earlier for refusing to pay restaurant tab .  family says she suffered from mental health issues .  mother says sheriff 's officials negligent for releasing daughter in her mental stat .
 funding for golden gate bridge suicide barrier approved <sec> board of directors approves plan to erect suicide barrier on golden gate bridge .  golden gate bridge is the most-used suicide spot in the united states .  last year , 46 people died jumping off the bridg .
 the 10 strangest olympic sports <sec> the olympic games has a history of sports that featured only briefly in the program .  rope climbing was at the original 1896 modern games but last appeared in 1932 .  club swinging was the precursor to rhythmic gymnastic events such as ribbons .  la canne was like fencing but competitors used wooden canes instead of saber .
 u.s. does n't rule out possibility snowden secretly talking to russians <sec> top u.s. intelligence official said it was possible russian intelligence has spoken to snowden .  snowden , a former government contractor , leaked sensitive u.s surveillance information to media .  facing federal charges in the united states , snowden is now living under asylum in russi .
 japan makes a future bet on maglev trains <sec> the shinkansen network transports around 930,000 passengers every day .  a pioneer of high-speed rail , japan faces intense rivalry from china and european train giants france and germany .  train company jr tokai plans to build a $ 100 billion , 286-km maglev track to between tokyo and nagoya .  it also plans to export its technology overseas , pitching an offer to the united state .
 champions egypt edge past cameroon <sec> defending champions egypt book their place in the african nations cup semifinal in angola .  egypt score two goals in extra time to secure a battling 3-1 victory over cameroon on monday .  nigeria become the fourth team tor each the last four stage , setting up a clash with rivals ghan .
 google apologizes , explains gmail outage <sec> new : gmail outage occurred when some servers were taken offline for maintenance .  new : google says its remaining routers became overloaded with traffic .  google 's free e-mail service suffered widespread outage tuesday afternoon .  google said gmail outage lasted about an hour and 40 minute .
 muslim-american group protests mosques ' link to money laundering case <sec> group says houses of worship should not be `` pawns in geopolitical struggles '' .  alavi foundation , assa corp. accused of transferring money to iran .  government seizing assets of alavi , including four mosques .  u.s. attorney : `` alavi foundation has effectively been a front for the government of iran .
 hillary clinton : can she win over the left ? ( opinion ) <sec> hillary clinton had to backtrack a bit on comments critical of obama foreign policy .  julian zelizer : hillary has had difficulty with the left , but can make strong arguments for 2016 .  democrats will want someone , like hillary , who can be a strong force vs. republicans , he say .
 big gulp ? meet big brother <sec> ed morrissey : new york mayor 's proposal to ban soda size servings is wrong .  he says it makes no sense : what 's to stop people from drinking too much soda ? .  he calls mayor michael bloomberg 's proposal a nanny-state rule .  morrissey : new rule would dictate mayor 's choices and eliminate everyone else ' .
 rampant new zealand run up 100 points <sec> new zealand rout samao 101-14 in rugby union test in new plymouth .  all blacks run in 15 tries as they warm up for tri-nations decider against australia .  flyhalf dan carter passes 2,000 first class points during matc .
 new group hopes to emphasize non-partisan solutions <sec> the group kicks off monday with a series of panels .  lieberman , bayh and crist will also take part .  the group wants leaders to set aside political labels to fix problems .  group expects participation from all 50 state .
 thailand protests : revered king asks for unity in birthday speech <sec> new : the ceremony was attended by embattled yingluck shinawatra .  the government and protesters are in the midst of a temporary truc .
 arsenal sweep man city aside <sec> arsenal beat manchester city 2-0 . .  goals from cazorla and giroud . .  man city now five points behind leaders chelsea .
 settlement reached in texas ebola death case <sec> new : hospital recognizes `` trying time '' for duncan 's family .  family and texas health resources ' settlement terms are confidential , attorney says .  texas health and a duncan family member will work on a memorial fund .  fund will help assist ebola sufferers in west africa , attorney say .
 balotelli settles dispute with man city <sec> manchester city striker mario balotelli settles his dispute with the english champions .  italian dropped an appeal to a premier league tribunal over his disciplinary record .  balotelli accepted a two-week fine for misdemeanors during last seaso .
