 jeb bush talks diversity , foreign policy at fundraiser <sec> jeb bush held his first fundraiser for his new leadership pac as he considers a presidential bid .  sources at the event said bush talked about foreign policy , immigration and his potential campaig .
 los angeles area mystery : what beast lurks in the darkness ? <sec> a surveillance video captures a mysterious animal before dawn .  police in norwalk , california , have stepped up their patrols .  officials have ruled out a mountain lion .  could it be an african lion or a leopard , as some experts tell a newspaper .
 what americans owe to those who serve <sec> bob greene : sometimes people make light of world war ii ; that 's a mistake .  he says there was nothing funny about the battle a generation faced .  lives were disrupted , hundreds of thousands died or were injured , he says .  he says american liberties depend on willingness of troops to figh .
 risk for gop comes from extreme fringe <sec> in 1964 , barry goldwater said : `` extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice . '' .  party 's association with extremists hurt the gop in that election , julian zelizer says .  he says extreme reactions to passage of health care bill pose danger for republicans .  zelizer says democrats have extreme fringe but have taken pains to dissociate from far lef .
 family wants answers in florida teen 's death after tasering <sec> israel hernandez died after police shocked him with a taser .  the miami beach teenager was spotted spray-painting a vacant building .  police say he refused commands to stop and led them on a foot chase .  `` it 's unfair to end his life for something he loved , '' his sister say .
 pay-as-you-go solar power lights up rural africa <sec> pay-as-you-go solar aims to bring affordable electricity to rural africa .  technology aims to replace harmful environmental products such as kerosene lamps .  service allows users to light their homes for as little as $ 1 a wee .
 uk government 'misled ' over iraq war , tribunal told <sec> ex-minister clare short says attorney general withheld doubts over iraq war .  short said tony blair leant on lord goldsmith to support uk involvement .  inquiry is britain 's fifth examination of role in iraq conflic .
 timeline : aids moments to remember <sec> researchers say they have `` functionally cured '' a toddler of hiv .  toddler 's case could be game-changing moment for hiv/aids treatment .  case needs to be duplicated to develop effective therapies , experts sa .
 traditional beliefs pin mandela 's health to family dispute <sec> in south africa 's heartland many believe mandela 's condition harmed by family dispute .  dispute over burial site of three mandela children was settled in court .  traditionalists say african methods of mediation should have been used to solve the dispute .  one said : `` when we displease [ our ancestors ] they bring calamity .
 five things to watch for in tuesday 's debate <sec> how well candidates connect with audience members could affect outcome .  obama must overcome passive first performance without overdoing it .  women 's issues are one area obama must exploit if he wants to maintain their support .  strong debate will result in flood of contributions , much needed in stretch run ad blit .
 cameron sets march deadline for sri lanka rights investigation <sec> sri lanka has been hosting the commonwealth heads of government meeting .  some attendees have been questioning sri lanka 's human rights record .  it follows a 26-year civil war with separatist tamil rebels that ended in 2009 .  david cameron says an international inquiry should be held by marc .
 casey kasem 's kids take stepmom to court <sec> kasem 's daughters claim his wife is isolating the retired radio host from family and friends .  `` we 're scared that well never see him again , '' kasem 's brother tells cnn .  kasem ca n't speak and `` may have early onset parkinson 's dementia , '' a filing says .  he retired in 2009 after decades of hosting radio 's `` american top 40 .
 tv stokes desperate hunger for fame <sec> reality shows are a low-cost form of entertainment for tv networks , says ed bark .  he says the shows encourage people to do attention-getting stunts .  bark says the white house gate crashers topped `` jon & kate '' and the `` balloon boy '' story .  tv has created a `` bottomless pit '' of venues for abnormal behavior , bark say .
 a glimpse into the gadhafi family <sec> gadhafi last reported seen june 12 , two weeks before icc issued warrant for his arrest . .  three of his children have fled the country , and at least one is dead . .  two sons seem to have public argument over whether to keep fighting or surrende .
 wireless electricity ? it 's here <sec> dr katie hall is developing ways to transfer power without wires .  in the home of the future , wireless energy will be as common as wi-fi , she believes .  the technology could lead to new and revolutionary medical device .
 paris fashion week : in instagram photos <sec> cnn helps you catch up on paris fashion week .  check out all the action with instagram photos from fashion insider .
 paris police foil cartier jewelry heist <sec> two robbers entered the cartier jewelry store near the champs elysees in paris .  police say they were fired upon as the robbers exited the prestigious store .  police chased them to a hair salon , where they took refuge but eventually surrendere .
 pharmacist : anna nicole smith 's drug list 'pharmaceutical suicide ' <sec> testimony given at preliminary hearing for model 's doctors , lawyer .  pharmacist says he was faxed list of drugs that doctor wanted for smith .  he found dosages `` not appropriate , '' he testifies .  pharmacist says expert thought one doctor was `` way out of her league .
 5 things to know about comet ison <sec> comet ison discovered in september , should pass within earth 's view this year .  hubble team : comet ison 's dust tail could wrap around earth twice , then some .  it is expected to pass within sun 's atmosphere , and it should put on a big show .  experts : comet wo n't threaten earth , even if sun 's heat breaks it apart as it passe .
 haptic device gives blind a helping hand <sec> san francisco-based inventor devises cheap haptic device to help visually impaired .  `` tacit '' uses sensors which measure distances from one inch to 10 feet .  rubber pads apply more pressure as a user gets closer to an objec .
 shirt sponsorship gold rush : brands compete to get names on soccer clubs ' kits <sec> the english premier league sees a 36 % rise in shirt sponsorship income .  european leagues have profited from a yearly increase of 20 % in shirt deals .  even countries sponsor teams with azerbaijan partnering up with atletico madri .
 senate schedules its own ebola hearing - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a senate panel plans a nov. 6 hearing on the ebola threat . .  democrats are increasingly calling for travel bans between west africa and the u.s . .  endangered sen. kay hagan was the latest to do so , reversing her previous position .
 man city 's toure fails drugs test ; ferguson charged over ref comments <sec> manchester city ban defender kolo toure after he tests positive for drugs .  ivorian international could receive a warning or face up to a two-year ban from football .  alex ferguson charged by fa for comments he made about referee martin atkinson .  manchester united manager lashed out at atkinson after epl defeat to chelse .
 vivienne tam profile <sec> vivienne tam was born in canton , china , moved to hong kong when she was three .  her mao and buddha collections were launched in 1995 and 1997 .  items of her work are featured in museums in new york , pittsburgh and londo .
 think you know the internet ? let 's find out <sec> test your internet knowledge with this gallery quiz .  the pew research center surveyed 1,066 people on web iq .  83 % knew the easiest question , but only 9 % got the hardes .
 geithner questioned about former housekeeper , taxes <sec> committee : housekeeper worked for 3 months after employment document expired .  geithner failed to pay self-employment taxes while working for imf , committee says .  errors were `` honest mistakes , '' do n't rise to `` level of disqualification , '' chairman says .  tax issue a `` common mistake , '' incoming white house spokesman say .
 christie hits burke over plagiarism scandal <sec> chris christie stumps for fellow gov . .  scott walker in wisconsin .  christie dings walker 's opponent , mary burke , over a plagiarism scandal .  polls show walker and burke are in a close race for governor .  first lady michelle obama campaigns for burk .
 lungs on a chip , 3-d printed hearts : the shape of medicine to come <sec> scientists are trying to use living cells to print replacement organs and tissues .  we will eventually be able to transplant complex printed organs , says dr. anthony atala .  a major challenge is supplying these structures with oxygen while they integrate with body .  dr. atala and others working to print miniature organs onto `` chips .
 by the numbers : world war ii 's atomic bombs <sec> the first atomic bomb was used in battle 68 years ago in hiroshima , japan .  nearly 200,000 people were killed , including those who died in the aftermath .  more than 70,000 were killed by the second bomb dropped three days late .
 'deport justin bieber ' petition reaches 100,000+ signatures <sec> people have signed a petition asking for bieber 's green card to be revoked .  supporters would like white house to step in .  meanwhile bieber has a new music video debuting .
 can we afford eco-cities ? <sec> cnn hosted a panel discussion with four leading environmental figures on the sidelines of cop17 .  the panelists discussed how financially viable will it be to create the sustainable cities of the future .  'we are sleepwalking the planet into a crisis of epic proportions , ' says greenpeace 's kumi naido .
 race , polygamy and politics : s. african comic duo stir up stereotypes <sec> nik rabinowitz and tats nkonzo are two south african stand-up comedians .  they are using laughter to help people accept uncomfortable truths .  race , religion , polygamy and well-known politicians are all included in their ac .
 neighbors rally to support argentina over falklands <sec> argentina and uk at odds over ownership of south atlantic islands .  falklands government says it has `` every right '' to develop hydrocarbons industry .  mexican president says a number of countries in the region support argentina 's position .  venezuela 's outspoken leader hugo chavez urges britain to return the island .
 canada welcomes william and kate on first royal tour <sec> new : `` we have been looking forward to this moment for a very long time , '' prince william says .  prince william and catherine arrive in ottawa , the first stop on their tour .  the 9-day visit includes stops in ontario , quebec , the northwest territories , and alberta .  it is the couple 's first official trip since their wedding in apri .
 ex-top chinese official arrested in corruption probe <sec> zhou yongkang had been one of nine on china 's top decision-making body .  state news : he 's been arrested and expelled from the communist party .  investigators found zhou took bribes , helped others , traded power for sex .  he 's one of several people ensnared in china 's anti-corruption campaig .
 isis committed war crimes , u.n. commission says <sec> u.n. commission includes photos and videos of abuse , victims ' accounts .  panel says actions by isis amount to war crimes and crimes against humanity .  men have had fingers amputated for smoking , u.n. report says .  isis leaders should be held accountable by an international court , paper say .
 u.s. pga championship : scott and furyk top leaderboard , woods off pace <sec> jim furyk , adam scott share lead at pga championship .  tiger woods endures disappointing day .  a double bogey on the final hole leaves one over .  world no . .  1 tied for 50th with phil mickelso .
 kaltenborn makes f1 history <sec> india 's monisha kaltenborn becomes formula one 's first female team principal .  kaltenborn will replace owner peter sauber at the sauber formula one team .  the 41-year-old has been ceo of the swiss-owned team since 2010 .  sauber are sixth in the constructors ' standings heading into the korean g .
 connecticut slave , fortune , buried 215 years after his death <sec> fortune , an 18th century slave in connecticut , was laid to rest after a funeral .  his funeral was held in the church where he was baptized in 1797 .  fortune was owned by dr . .  preserved porter , who dissected his remains .  the slave drowned in the naugatuck river in 1798 , historical records sho .
 labor board : northwestern university football players can unionize <sec> ncaa `` disappointed '' in ruling , warns against dismantling student-athlete system .  national labor relations board rules in favor of northwestern football players unionizing .  school 's president emeritus has that if the players won , northwestern may forgo football .  ex-quarterback told board he had to give up pre-med major because of footbal .
 'extremely dangerous ' hurricane bill churns in atlantic <sec> storm is not expected to make a direct hit on bermuda .  but island , eastern united states could see large swells .  category 4 hurricane 's maximum sustained winds are at 135 mp .
 is it ok to change a dog 's name ? <sec> tim tebow changed his dog 's name from bronco to bronx when he changed employers . .  dog trainer renee payne : everyone i know calls their dogs several different nicknames . .  dogs respond to actions , not words . .  stay positive . .  rescue dogs may experience multiple name changes and owners .
 fires nearing florida wildlife refuge <sec> new : florida gov . .  rick scott declares a state of emergency .  526 firefighters are working to protect the okefenokee swamp .  90 % of a public boardwalk is burne .
 3-d printer saves toddler who ca n't breathe <sec> toddler with severe tracheobronchomalacia saved by 3-d printed device .  doctors at university of michigan created a splint out of a biopolymer .  the splint is helping garrett peterson breathe easier with less assistance from ventilator .  the petersons hope to take their son home soo .
 'free willy ' trainer to release captive dolphins <sec> trainer jeff foster is working to release two dolphins into the wild .  two years ago , the dolphins were the main attraction at a run-down turkish tourist park .  foster worked to help release keiko , the orca from the 1993 movie `` free willy '' .  popular `` swim with dolphin '' parks in turkey are a concern to animal welfare advocate .
 iphoto update helps show merits of geotagging <sec> software marries photos with location data taken from a separate gps receiver .  apple 's iphone can geotag its own photos .  geotagging lets you search for photos based on where you took them .  manufacturers say gps support in cameras has become a matter of when , not i .
 arkansas man charged in connection with power grid sabotage <sec> jason woodring , 37 , was arrested saturday by federal authorities .  woodring is accused of carrying out three attacks on the grid over three months , authorities say .  he is expected to make his first court appearance on tuesda .
 the haqqani network , a family and a terror group <sec> haqqani network is a family with patriarch and now sons running terror operations .  the group is well-funded with legal and illegal businesses , expert says .  obama administration announced it would go after haqqani assets in u.s. bank .
 iraq forces advance on tikrit , claim key areas <sec> a push to retake tikrit stalled as isis repositioned its forces around the city .  spokesman : iraq 's leader requested help because coalition has `` advanced '' capabilities .  leaders of predominantly shiite militia fighting in area had resisted such interventio .
 fc moscow pull out of russian league <sec> fc moscow have pulled out of competing in the 2010 russian premier liga .  the decision comes after the their owner withdrew financing of the club .  alania vladikavkaz are now expected to take fc moscow 's place in the top fligh .
 pat robertson says haiti paying for 'pact to the devil ' <sec> robertson says native haitians made deal with the devil for freedom from france .  robertson is evangelical christian who has made similar comparisons .  he once suggested god was punishing americans with hurricane katrin .
 this month on inside the middle east <sec> this month , ime explores the struggle to preserve arab traditions in a modern world .  individuals share their personal stories of protecting , promoting and adapting heritage .  rima maktabi meets palestinian women who are making a fashion splash in dubai .  plus , author amin maalouf , caracalla theater in lebanon and lebanon 's `` little armenia .
 golf 's biggest players : who are the super agents running the game ? <sec> andrew `` chubby '' chandler is a former professional golfer who set up agency ism .  the 58-year-old manages the likes of ernie els , rory mcilroy and lee westwood .  ism represents major champions louis oosthuizen and charl schwartzel .  chandler 's growing influence has sparked concerns that he is too powerful in gol .
 wife of south african state minister gets 12 years for drug dealing <sec> new : opposition parties call for the minister 's resignation .  cheryl cwele is married to siyabonga cwele .  she is sentenced together with an accomplic .
 mugabe travel to singapore costs millions , figures show <sec> tsvangirai says travel by mugabe is justified .  public documents show $ 29 million in travel expenses in eight months .  most of the travels are to singapor .
 'snl ' cast member brooks wheelan 'fired ' <sec> brooks wheelan announced on twitter he was let go by `` snl '' .  brooks was part of the sketch comedy show for one season .  'snl ' would not comment on wheelan 's departur .
 e-mails show kidnap victim worked at suspect 's business <sec> e-mails show girl was integral part of business owned by her alleged kidnapper .  jaycee dugard was known as `` allissa '' to customers of printing business .  business was owned by phillip garrido , the suspect in dugard 's kidnapping .  printing business catered to small businesses in san francisco are .
 don pardo , voice of 'saturday night live , ' dead at 96 <sec> don pardo was 96 years old .  he was best known for introducing `` saturday night live '' hosts .  pardo was among first to report on jfk being shot .  nbc personalities remember him as legendar .
 fall from grace : when the unthinkable happens to jockeys <sec> injured jockeys fund caters for those who suffer severe injury in the british racing community .  founded in 1964 , the charity has eased the lives of over 1,000 beneficiaries .  generous donors and charitable sales bring in the $ 4 million needed to run the organizatio .
 robot cops rule ! humanoids take over streets of kinshasa to tackle traffic chaos <sec> two talking robots have been installed in the drc capital kinshasa to regulate traffic .  they are powered by solar panels and are equipped with surveillance cameras .  the aim is to cut accidents and help reduce traffic in kinshasa 's busy street .
 winning strategy likely to stay in mississippi - cnnpolitics.com <sec> runoff turnout shot up in counties with the highest african-american populations .  `` this is how you grow the party , '' head of a pro-cochran super pac said .  several gop strategists said cochran 's coalition was unique to mississippi .  democrats targeting minority communities hoping to increase midterm turnou .
 atlanta man shatters coast-to-coast 'cannonball run ' speed record <sec> atlanta native breaks record for driving from new york to los angeles by two hours .  gps company says ed bolian and team made trip in 28 hours and 50 minutes .  team needed laser jammers to foil police , bedpan to cut down on pit stops during trek .  souped-up mercedes reached speed of 158 mph , averaged speed of 98 mp .
 standing with malala 's fund <sec> a year after being shot by the taliban , malala yousafzai launches a nonprofit organization .  malalafund.org is malala 's campaign to inspire others to change the world for girls .  tell your malala story on twitter at # iammalal .
 measles cases in california up 54 % in one week <sec> santa monica day care shuts down because a baby who goes there has measles .  cdc recommends the first measles vaccine at 12 months ; the baby was too young to get it .  california has been at the epicenter of the controversy over measles and vaccination .
