 on russian tv , snowden asks putin about moscow surveillance <sec> russian president vladimir putin says his country 's surveillance is n't as broad as that in the u.s . .  `` we do not have the money or the means to do that , '' he tells the fugitive intelligence leaker .  putin says he and the former nsa contractor `` can speak in a professional language .
 beirutopia : could lebanon 's capital become a garden city ? <sec> architect 's `` wonder forest '' concept would turn beirut skyline green .  the plan involves installing 60,000 potted trees on the city 's rooftops .  benfits include improved air quality , reduced co2 emissions and increased shad .
 warriors trade punches in championship <sec> midshipmen face off in naval academy 's brigade boxing competition .  well-known names have taken part in championships over the years .  coach says this year 's champion is one of the best he 's see .
 more rain for flooded parts of louisiana <sec> rains should not be as bad as the torrents that caused flooding .  governor issues state of emergency for all of louisiana .  town of eunice has had more than 12 inches of rain in three days .  authorities have rescued dozens , and many others have evacuate .
 south sudan appeals for humanitarian aid amid fighting <sec> new : the united nations says it is providing emergency help to those most in need .  at least 50,000 people have fled violence in jonglei state .  the government declares the state a `` humanitarian disaster area '' .  ethnic tension flares as tribes fight over grazing lands and water right .
 florence : where to shop <sec> florence 's shopping is n't cheap : think high-end luxury goods .  italian designers can be found on via tornabuoni -- and also at the outlet mall .  florence is famous for its quality leather goods , like silk-lined gloves .  made-to-measure suits and vintage fashions can also be foun .
 suspected war criminal surrenders in rwanda <sec> bosco ntaganda turns himself in at the u.s. embassy in kigali .  he asks to be transferred to the international criminal court in the hague .  ntaganda is accused of forcing children to become soldiers among other crime .
 india 's 'spider-man ' pledges to use powers for good <sec> independent candidate runs for seat in india 's general election dressed as a superhero .  gaurav sharma can scale a tall building in less than 20 minutes .  politician plans to tackle basic issues like education , water and power if electe .
 the # twizzlerchallenge : this year 's ice bucket <sec> the # twizzlerchallenge is inspired by `` lady and the tramp '' .  last year 's ice bucket challenge raised $ 115 millio .
 king of pop 'in fine health , ' jackson spokesman says <sec> uk 's sun newspaper ran report saying jackson battles a potentially fatal disease .  report quoted writer ian halperin saying jackson needed lung transplant .  jackson story was off the sun 's online front page by monday evenin .
 cnn student news - september 13 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 university of kansas students isolated by the flu <sec> spread of h1n1 among roommates illustrates how quickly virus jumps around .  `` it was n't like i was licking the handlebars of the bus , '' freshman says .  girls quarantined in room , doing homework , until fever dissipates for 24 hours .  the university of kansas estimates about 1 percent of student body has h1n .
 nigerian militants claim oil pipeline sabotage <sec> nigerian militant group says it struck shell and agip crude trunk lines .  shell said it is investigating reports of an attack on the nembe creek pipeline .  army spokesman : `` no iota of truth in what they ( militants ) are saying '' .  movement for the emancipation of the niger delta at war with governmen .
 japan announces bid to stage 2020 olympic games <sec> tokyo have formally announced its bid to host the 2020 summer olympics .  tokyo had unsuccessful bid to host the 2016 games , which will be held in rio .  the japanese capital city previously hosted the summer olympics in 196 .
 new tire challenge for f1 teams <sec> pirelli has announced a new tire compound will be debuted at the european grand prix .  the italian manufacturer has confirmed the medium and soft tires will be used in valencia .  mike gascoyne hopes team lotus can take advantage of difference between tire .
 mystery surrounds deaths of 877 dolphins washed ashore in peru <sec> new : `` more investigation needs to be done , '' says a marine biologist .  official : the dolphins were found over a 220-kilometer ( 137-mile ) area of coastal peru this year .  the dolphins were not caused by starvation or poisoning with pesticides , officials say .  dozens of dolphins have also washed up in the united states and brazil this yea .
 opinion : if you ca n't pass a bill in texas , cheat <sec> ilyse hogue : texas is trying every trick in the book to get an anti-abortion bill passed .  many oppose bill that would shut 90 % of abortion clinics in state , she says .  hogue : gop could n't pass this bill in regular session , so governor called special session .  hogue : texas bypassed legally mandated public hearings , tried to change time stamp of vot .
 commentary : health care outrage goes uncovered <sec> paul begala : health insurers are depriving some ill people of coverage .  he says practice called `` rescission '' is used to deny people benefits .  begala says hearing on rescission got little media attention .  he says obama administration must put health care on front burne .
 intriguing people for february 22 , 2010 <sec> today marks 30th anniversary of 'miracle on ice ' olympic hockey game .  rep. ron paul wins straw poll at conservative conference .  court to hear battle over woman 's desire to have head and brain preserved after deat .
 pm mikati 's resignation throws lebanese politics in turmoil <sec> his departure comes at a sensitive time for lebanon .  mikati says he could n't negotiate a breakthrough on two fronts .  lebanon constantly struggles to maintain a balance among its sect .
 coast guard , bp end gulf cleanup in 3 states <sec> oil spill cleanup called complete in alabama , mississippi and florida .  work continues on more than 80 miles of louisiana shores .  environmentalists worry the decision is prematur .
 decision near on justin bieber egging charge ; singer relaxes in panama <sec> detectives are ready to show prosecutors evidence in justin bieber egg probe .  `` we will have a dialogue with the district attorney , '' detective says .  miami prosecutor awaits lab test to see if bieber was driving high .  bieber escapes to panama for beach fu .
 american cartoonist molly norris still in hiding <sec> molly norris was threatened with a fatwa after she depicted the likeness of mohammed in cartoon .  she has been hiding since 2010 after the fbi advised her to disappea .
 battle for blair mountain : working in america - educator and parent guide <sec> `` battle for blair mountain : working in america '' examines the issue of mountaintop removal , which literally blows the tops off of mountains to reach the rich coal seams buried inside .  west virginia coal miners say mountaintop removal projects provide much-needed jobs . .  their opponents say the cost of those jobs -- to the environment , the people and the future -- is just too high .  use this educator 's and parent 's guide to examine all sides of this issue .  the guide includes before-viewing and post-viewing questions and a learning activit .
 who 's running ? the candidates vying to be afghanistan 's next president <sec> historic presidential election looms for war-torn country .  april 5 will see the first round of voting , with a following runoff if no candidate wins outright .  out of a field of 11 , three candidates stand a realistic chance of winning .  incumbent hamid karzai constitutionally bound to step dow .
 india-pakistan cricket series hit by media blackout <sec> news blackout for india v pakistan cricket series .  coverage boycotted in a row over press freedom .  first time pakistan has visited india since mumbai attacks in 2008 .  tight security in place at m. chinnaswamy stadium in bangalor .
 manassero to make history at match play <sec> matteo manassero will become youngest golfer to play at a world golf championship event .  the 17-year-old italian will beat the 2010 record of japan 's ryo ishikawa .  manassero plays the oldest man in the field , 44-year-old american steve stricker .  the elite 64-man field is seeking to claim the $ 1.4 million for the winner of sunday 's fina .
 ex-porn star jenna jameson charged with battery <sec> the victim makes a citizen 's arrest and calls officers .  police does not know the relationship between the victim and jameson .  the battery charge is a misdemeano .
 why charles manson still draws attention <sec> it 's been 45 years since the tate-labianca murders .  charles manson 's next parole hearing is in 2027 .  at 79 , manson still draws attention -- and even supporters .  he has received more mail than any other inmate in californi .
 who raises pandemic alert to second-highest level <sec> new : 99 cases confirmed in mexico , up from 26 earlier wednesday .  some government offices , private business in mexico to close from may 1 to 5 .  researchers conducting complete genetic sequencing of the h1n1 virus .  world health organizations reports 148 cases in 9 countrie .
 a to z of malaria <sec> world malaria day on april 25 highlights the danger of malaria and calls for action .  according to the who there were 247 million cases of malaria in 2006 .  880,000 people died of malaria in 2006 , a preventable and curable diseas .
 u.s. envoy leaves north korea after getting american released <sec> eddie yong su jun is in `` decent '' health , says state department spokesman .  jun is released at the request of the u.s. , says state-run news agency .  the release follows a visit by u.s. officials to assess food shortages .  north korea says u.s. officials apologized on behalf of ju .
 san diego mayor bob filner reaches mediation deal <sec> details of the proposed deal are confidential , san diego 's city attorney says .  a deal with mayor bob filner is reached after three days of mediation .  the agreement will be presented to city council members friday .  18 women have accused filner of acting inappropriatel .
 minister : slovenia can avoid bailout despite shrinking economy <sec> slovenia will be able to stave off a bailout , the country 's finance minister janez sustersic says .  the country 's economy is in recession and its downturn is expected to continue next year .  the country is driving through privatizations , pension and labor reforms to recover .  sustersic said the country was better off being in the euro , despite the financial crisi .
 attorney : boy , 12 , pleads not guilty to killing little sister <sec> a 12-year-old boy is accused of stabbing to death his 8-year-old sister .  the boy pleaded not guilty in a juvenile court in calaveras county , california , an attorney says .  `` i say he is innocent , '' the attorney says .  attorney says he 'll raise the issue of whether a 12-year-old can be tried for murde .
 group claims to have hacked iphone 5s <sec> hackers in germany say they have successfully hacked the new iphone 5s .  they photographed a fingerprint and used image to create a fake `` finger '' to unlock the phone .  spokesman : `` fingerprints should not be used to secure anything '' .  website has offered cash bounty for first person to hack the phone 's touch id syste .
 nadal doubles up in quest for fitness <sec> rafael nadal to play singles and doubles matches in atp tour event at indian wells .  the 10-time major winner has not played since losing the australian open final in january .  the spaniard and his compatriot marc lopez won the california event in 2010 .  world no . .  2 nadal and lopez play croat nenad zimonjic and canada 's daniel nesto .
 china : police take away outspoken uyghur scholar ilham tohti <sec> police detain a beijing-based scholar known for his criticism of china 's policies in xinjiang .  30 officers raided his home and seized computers , bank cards and his passport , wife says .  state department says ilham tohti was taken into custody with at least 6 students .  his arrest `` part of disturbing pattern , '' spokesperson say .
 ted turner donates $ 1 million to save endangered gorillas <sec> the donation goes to the dian fossey gorilla fund , named for the murdered naturalist .  `` every single gorilla counts , '' turner says in making his donation .  the fund aims to build new field stations and hire new staff in a conflict zone .  turner founded cnn in 1980 but is not involved in the company no .
 continental divide separates africans , african-americans <sec> senegalese woman says of two cultures : we are `` taught different values '' .  african , african-american teenagers had myriad misconceptions of each other .  nigerian says he tried to act like african-americans to fit in , was still confused .  key to dispelling myths about both cultures is education , dialogue , immigrants sa .
 'garfield ' creator apologizes for ill-timed veterans day comic strip <sec> strip shows a spider asking why we celebrate `` national stupid day '' .  davis calls it `` the worst timing ever '' .  he says the strip was created almost a year ago .  garfield is one of the most widely syndicated comics in the worl .
 egyptian tv gets edgy over ramadan <sec> ramadan is the most lucrative tv season in egypt . .  tv networks spend $ 140 million on programming over the holy month .  lately , dramas and commercials have become more experimental with conten .
 arizona governor files appeal to immigration law injunction <sec> justice department opposes fast-track timetable .  arizona governor files expedited appeal .  opponents of the law say the ruling `` gutted '' the measure .  judge blocks police from questioning people 's immigration statu .
 19 killed in attack on nigerian church <sec> gunmen attacked a deeper life church in central nigeria .  among the dead is the pastor , a military official said .  no one has claimed responsibility , but suspicion fell on boko haram .  the militant islamic group has carried out similar church attacks in the pas .
 american ebola patient 'improving , ' cdc chief says <sec> new : kent brantly received experimental serum before leaving liberia .  new : air ambulance left for liberia on sunday to retrieve second u.s. patient .  brantly is the first known ebola patient in the u.s . .  both americans infected with ebola will be treated in atlant .
 british forces hand afghanistan 's sangin district to americans <sec> british troops to leave sangin district of afghanistan 's helmand province .  u.s. marines will take over in sangin , british defense secretary says .  british forces will move to central part of helmand .  new : analyst says move is not a defeat and that it makes sens .
 santorum , the 'coulda , shoulda , woulda ' candidate <sec> timothy stanley says santorum is tragic conservative steeped in potential -- and bad luck .  he says santorum popular , but gop denied him momentum by gop after iowa results snafu .  he says santorum 's midwest victories still leave him chasing romney , who 's well positioned .  stanley : if gop backed him , if iowa results had been accurate , he might have had momentu .
 making a home in one of north carolina 's fastest-growing places <sec> north carolina census tract 203.17 grew 970 % in 10 years .  thousands of new residents want to create a new identity for themselves , neighborhoods .  but some longtime residents are considering moving awa .
 marianne faithfull : my ex-boyfriend killed jim morrison <sec> faithfull said her former boyfriend was a heroin dealer .  she said everyone connected with the death is dead .  faithfull said amy winehouse was wary of he .
 mandy moore : franchise health care in africa ( opinion ) <sec> mandy moore : ebola underscores the need for trained health workers in africa .  moore : care can be inconsistent , so psi developed a `` franchise '' model for clinics .  moore went to tanzania to observe quality , controlled health care in clinic franchise .  she says the innovative model standardizes the level of care and business practice .
 rubber duck man florentijn hofman unveils taiwan bunny <sec> artist florentijn hofman 's new taiwan installation now on display at the taoyuan land arts festival .  art piece is a giant fluffy rabbit , inspired by chinese mid-autumn festival folklore .  rabbit is set up on a bunker at an old naval base not usually open to the publi .
 tour de france champion contador quits astana team <sec> three-time tour de france winner alberto contador decides to leave astana team .  the spanish cyclist has been with the kazakhstani outfit since 2008 .  the 27-year-old released a statement saying he was not ready to make a decision to stay .  contador said he has yet decide where he will ride next yea .
 to the rescue -- finding a purpose for rejected shelter dogs <sec> wilma melville 's nonprofit trains dogs to be search-and-rescue specialists .  it also matches up the dogs -- many of whom are from shelters -- with a permanent handler .  since 1996 , the group has trained 131 rescue teams around the country .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2012 cnn heroe .
 luigi colani : transport design '20 years ahead of the rest ' <sec> luigi colani is a hugely influential industrial designer .  colani was a pioneer of nature-inspired 'biodesign ' .  83-year-old designer warns transport industry it must make changes .  describes himself as 20 years ahead of others in the fiel .
 obama : no plans for additional troop increase in afghanistan <sec> u.s. already planning to send 6,000 more troops to afghanistan this year .  no immediate plans for deployment beyond that , obama says .  remarks follow meeting with pm of canada , which has 2,800 troops in afghanistan .  polling shows support for afghanistan war dropping in both u.s. and canad .
 david beckham 'passionate ' about being club owner <sec> beckham says he is 'passionate ' about being a club owner as he admits interest in mls franchise .  former l.a. galaxy star says he had contemplated asking alex ferguson to manage the side .  onetime england captain was speaking at launch of pictorial book covering his playing caree .
 feds unveil indictments in border patrol agent brian terry 's slaying <sec> an indictment is unsealed charging five men with murder .  feds also offer up to $ 1 million to find four fugitives .  the men are believed to be in mexic .
 bode trades skis for racket in u.s. open tilt <sec> bode miller competes in sectional qualifying for u.s. open tennis championships .  five-time olympic gold medal winner in skiing hopes to make it to flushing meadows .  miller was a high school tennis champion and his family own a tennis cam .
 'the real world ' shakeup : mtv icon changing format for first time ever <sec> `` the real world '' is changing its format for the first time .  the new season will be re-titled `` real world : ex-plosion '' .  it 'll feature seven roommates and their exes .  the season will return to san francisco , and is set to air next yea .
 a casey anthony movie ? not so fast , hollywood says <sec> natalee holloway , amanda knox , clark rockefeller sagas were turned into tv movies .  right now , an anthony movie maker `` will face some immediate backlash , '' journalist says .  actress who followed the trial does n't like `` the opportunity to profit from a tragedy '' .  but many think it 's inevitable that the anthony story will be made into a movi .
 'africa is the last frontier for metal ' : botswana 's metal heads <sec> botswana has a vibrant heavy metal scene .  cnn wrote about the scene in 2012 - now find out what happened next .  band `` skinflint '' recently toured sweden and are recording their fifth album .  `` the last frontier of rock and metal music is african , '' says photographer frank marshal .
 rape allegations wo n't go away for bill cosby <sec> bill cosby 's `` meme me '' proposal went awry monday .  many people referred to allegations of rape against the comedian .  cosby has repeatedly denied the allegations .  in the internet age , the rape allegations have stubbornly remained in the ope .
 football stars held in turkish match-fixing probe <sec> turkish police hold 46 people as part of investigation into match-fixing in european football .  former turkey international players arif erdem and fatih akyel among those detained .  former genclerbirligi goalkeeper accused of betting $ 40,000 against his own team .  match also under suspicion from german prosecutors investigating corruptio .
 young muslims turn to technology to connect , challenge traditions <sec> the number of young muslims using the web is rising , experts say .  they 're using it to express themselves and connect with others .  these tools also are providing a way to organize socially and politicall .
