 dna test : remains after airstrike in yemen not those of al qaeda chief <sec> dna tests are conducted to determine who was killed in an offensive against aqap .  the offensive included attacks by yemeni commandos and suspected u.s. drone strikes .  saudi officials have a close match for bomb-maker 's dna via remains of his brother .  a bomb inside the brother 's body killed him but failed to hit his intended targe .
 every rallies to win arnold palmer invitational as scott falters <sec> matt every wins his first pga title after rallying at the arnold palmer invitational .  every trailed by four shots heading into sunday but passed adam scott .  scott slipped to third at bay hill and finishes two shots behind the u.s. 's every .  scott misses a chance to overtake tiger woods as golf 's world no . .
 a fifa first : football 's transfer figures released <sec> fifa have released figures regarding international football transfers in 2011 .  the figures take into account players who moved between two different countries .  the numbers were gathered using the transfer matching system ( tms ) , first introduced in 2009 .  tms helps regulate international transfers and makes sure fifa 's rules are adhered t .
 midterms : did americans get what they want ? ( opinion ) <sec> paul waldman : in recent `` wave '' elections , u.s. voters ca n't seem to make up their minds .  he says they abhor gridlock but have elected gop lawmakers committed to that very thing .  he says gop winners said they 'd `` get things done '' and stand in obama 's way .  americans want to have their cake and eat it , too , waldman say .
 nato should aid in swedish mystery ( opinion ) <sec> james stavridis : swedish media reported undersea vessel , possibly russian , off coast .  russia denies this , he says . .  swedish navy searching , but rocky coast floor can hide signals .  he says sweden not nato member , but may seek help . .  navy , air force had budget cuts .  stavridis : nato should offer to assist , especially if it turns out a vessel is in distres .
 desert riders uphold ancient tradition <sec> the ancient tradition of desert racing continues in the united arab emirates .  the 50 horses and riders set off , completing laps of the 30-kilometer course .  the horses are given thorough medical checks after each lap to ensure they are healthy .  only a handful of the horses competing make it to the finish line in qata .
 la kings player arrested on drug charge in vegas <sec> stoll is a center who has played for the kings since 2008 .  he is reportedly involved with sportscaster and `` dancing with the stars '' host erin andrew .
 wisconsin latest state where judge strikes same-sex marriage ban <sec> a federal judge strikes down wisconsin 's ban on same-sex marriage .  she 's the latest judge to do so ; the supreme court could decide the case .  wisconsin 's attorney general says the current law stands , he 'll appeal rulin .
 china : third baby dies from tainted milk formula <sec> more than 6,200 babies now known to be ill , official says .  china 's largest milk , mengniu dairy group , recalls three batches of formula .  concerned parents line up to get their infants scanned , xinhua reports .  melamine in milk is same chemical that killed u.s. pets from tainted pet foo .
 nobel winner died days before award announced <sec> new : ralph steinman remains the nobel laureate , the committee says .  new : the situation is unprecedented in nobel history , the committee says .  steinman , 68 , died days ago after extending his life with his own discoveries .  the other half of the prize , and about $ 1.5 million , goes to bruce beutler and jules hoffman .
 sudanese president : media 'exaggerating ' darfur conflict <sec> sudanese president omar el-bashir : crisis in darfur region is a `` media fabrication '' .  plan is to detract from atrocities in iraq , palestinian territories and somalia , he says .  el-bashir says less than 10,000 people have died and less than 500,000 displaced .  u.n. says 200,000 people have died , and 2.5 million have been displace .
 detroit inmate who stabbed deputy , escaped in his uniform is captured <sec> abraham pearson escaped from holding cell while awaiting sentencing .  police say he drove off in a carjacked minivan .  sheriff : the escape attempt will add the suspect 11 more chage .
 'clone wars ' goes full-on wookiee tonight <sec> ready for a dose of chewbacca ? .  tune in to cartoon network tonight at 8 p.m. est .  chewbacca makes his debut on `` star wars : the clone wars '' .  `` clone wars '' is introducing eu characters into storie .
 same-sex marriage and doma : 5 things we learned from oral arguments <sec> supreme court hears a challenge to the defense of marriage act .  a key legal question : can house defend doma when executive branch wo n't ? .  justice elena kagan 's reading from 1996 act provides wednesday 's `` moment '' .  the high court 's conservatives were noticeably subdue .
 al qaeda threatens to kill french hostage in mali <sec> al qaeda in the islamic maghreb ( aqim ) made its demand in a statement .  group wants mali to free four prisoners in exchange for frenchman 's release .  group executed british man in june after uk government did not give in to its demand .
 fewer wins this time , but tea party has changed the gop - cnnpolitics.com <sec> outsiders vs. insiders is the dominant story line in gop primaries so far .  after knocking off eric cantor , insurgents thought they had a sure win in mississippi .  two more republican senate incumbents face challengers but hold lead in polls .  establishment republicans fear a tilt too far right may hurt party in novembe .
 united , us airways join in bag fees <sec> united : second bag to cost $ 25 ; $ 125 to apply to three or more or overweight bags .  $ 15 fee will not apply to those in united first , united business or with premier status .  some airlines add fees to once-free snacks .  united : $ 15 fee will apply to one out of three customer .
 syrian residents say they 're bracing for full-blown war <sec> at least 49 people died tuesday , opposition group says .  the opposition believes it is a fight to the death , cnn 's arwa damon reports .  european union considers new sanctions , diplomats say .  youtube video shows a man pulling a child from a street amid apparent gunfire nearb .
 hinckley hearing testimony focuses on right place for him to live <sec> man hospitalized since he shot president reagan in 1981 seeks to become outpatient .  a psychiatrist says she thinks williamsburg , virginia , is the right place for hinckley , for now .  he has been doing volunteer work at a hospital library there while visiting his mother .  his depressive disorder and an unspecified psychotic disorder are in remission , doctors sa .
 plant , krauss rise with 'raising sand ' at grammys <sec> robert plant , alison krauss `` raising sand '' is album of year .  plant , krauss ' work wins five grammys total .  coldplay wins song of the year for `` viva la vida , '' best rock album .  jennifer hudson wins best r & b albu .
 practice has cure for insurance paperwork -- avoidance <sec> practice in virginia has lowered and simplified its fees and quit taking insurance .  patient frustrated with insurance paperwork thrilled with new method : `` it 's seamless '' .  ex-insurance industry executive says confusion , paperwork help generate profit .  industry spokesman counters that they 're trying to make system more efficien .
 calderon to violence-plagued juarez : 'we 're looking for solutions ' <sec> felipe calderon meets with residents of ciudad juarez .  the president of mexico presents plan to stabilize city in wake of killings .  calderon apologizes , gives condolences to victims ' families for implicating their kids .  before meeting , police forcibly removed some protesters who were outside buildin .
 arkansas sheriff dies in rescue try <sec> sheriff in western arkansas apparently drowns .  he was part of rescue effort at residence .  at least 9 were injured in a storm thursday in western arkansas , an official say .
 iraq : seven u.s. soldiers killed in chopper crash <sec> new : military spokesman characterizes initial reports point to an accident .  new : other choppers in the convoy did not sustain damage , spokesman says .  u.s. military : ch-47 chinook helicopter crashed 62 miles ( 100 km ) west of basra .  twin car bombs outside baghdad hospital kill eight , injure 2 .
 soldier 's fighting spirit never grew old <sec> army maj. steven hutchison , 60 , becomes oldest american killed in iraq .  hutchison retired after 22-year army career , volunteered to return years later .  psychology professor served tours in vietnam , afghanistan and iraq .  during interim , he stood by wife during her fight against cance .
 three indicted in death of allman movie assistant <sec> `` midnight rider '' filmmakers charged with involuntary manslaughter .  crew member sarah elizabeth jones died in february during filming .  jones and others were on railroad tracks when train came through .  friends set up a facebook group in her hono .
 refugees protest food disruption in uganda <sec> lack of food causing deaths of children , refugees at ugandan settlement say .  protest began after three children died monday , refugee leader says .  united nations refugee agency denies any child has died of hunger at nakivale .  but agency acknowledges supply problem , says food coming wednesda .
 weymouth : olympic sailing on jurassic coast <sec> weymouth and portland are hosting all sailing events during the london 2012 olympics .  during the olympics the area is bustling with numerous sport and cultural festivals .  weymouth is located on the jurassic coast -- england 's first world heritage sit .
 spanish exports are bright spark for economy <sec> spain 's small businesses are being warned they must `` export or die '' .  many are turning to new markets to kickstart the eurozone 's fourth largest economy .  eurostat calculates spain 's exports will rise 4.1 % this year , after rising 2.1 % in 201 .
 why the other fashion weeks matter <sec> fashion weeks in smaller u.s. cities serve as training grounds for aspiring designers .  charleston fashion week draws thousands of attendees .  established designers attend charleston fashion week to tap into new markets .  `` not all designers are born and bred in new york , paris , '' says fern malli .
 ariel sharon 's condition worsens , hospital says <sec> the ex-prime minister 's condition worsened `` in the last few days , '' a hospital official says .  reports : sharon 's life in danger due to kidney problems , sources say .  sharon , a decorated war vet before being elected , has been in a coma since 2006 .  affiliate : his family was set to visit saturday on the 8th anniversary of hospitalizatio .
 south sudan president cuts short trip to china amid dispute with sudan <sec> south sudan 's president cancels the shanghai leg of his china trip .  his comment during a visit to beijing marks the latest in fiery war rhetoric .  tensions between the two spark alarm from the international community .  china -- a crucial trading ally to both nations -- urges restraint and negotiation .
 blood of the yemeni revolution <sec> dozens in capital sanaa have been killed in a government crackdown since sunday .  the red cross says yemen is facing an `` unprecedented level of violence '' .  eyewitnesses say they saw snipers firing on crowds in sanaa 's change squar .
 indian girl seeks justice after gang rape <sec> the teenager kept her rape ordeal secret for 10 days .  when her father heard about his daughter 's suffering he killed himself by swallowing pesticide .  local police say rape incidents have fallen in haryana over recent months , and that recent cases have attracted `` hype '' .  women 's rights groups say there is an increasing gap between the number of men and women in haryan .
 toyota to start from bottom up , new chief says <sec> akio toyoda is the grandson of company founder kiichiro toyoda .  toyoda has been with the firm 24 years , says will cut his salary by 30 percent . .  analysts say toyoda must drastically cut costs -- he offers no hints as to ho .
 strutting their stuff for limb loss awareness <sec> `` amputee mommy '' blogger has mission to let people who have lost limbs know they are n't alone .  saturday is `` show your mettle day , '' when amputees are encouraged to reveal prosthetics .  the idea is to `` bring the amputee community out of the shadows .
 city step up bid to sign ronaldinho <sec> manchester city step up efforts to sign brazilian ronaldinho .  club representatives visit south america to talk to him .  city also expect to signe brazilian striker jo from cska mosco .
 georgia 'octomom bill ' would limit embryo implants <sec> georgia state senator says bill was inspired by `` octomom '' nadya suleman .  bill would limit women under 40 to two embryos , women 40 or older to three .  critics call it a backdoor effort to outlaw abortions in the state .  bill faces long odds of passing because of timing in georgia legislatur .
 sentenced to life in prison , man pins hopes on new clemency rules <sec> tyler is among the thousands serving life sentences for non-violent drug crimes .  the justice department recently announced changes in clemency rules .  the new criteria could shorten prison stays for many inmate .
 groups : autism not to blame for violence <sec> a relative says shooter adam lanza had a form of autism , law enforcement official says .  autism is a neurodevelopmental disorder , not a personality disorder .  advocacy groups caution against speculation about link between violence and autism .  violence for those with autism spectrum disorders is not planned , expert say .
 magazine : bristol palin and levi johnston are engaged again <sec> new : the palin family issues a statement wishing the couple well .  bristol palin says she and the father of her child are engaged - again .  the couple reconciled 3 months ago during custody discussions , they tell us weekly magazine .  former alaska gov . .  sarah palin has not been told about their plans until now , the magazine say .
 document says number of attempted attacks on u.s. is at all-time high <sec> dhs memo says number and pace of attempted attacks have surpassed `` any other previous one-year period '' .  attacks are expected to be attempted with `` increased frequency , '' document warns .  report cites recent cases of homegrown terrorism , including failed times square bombing .  terror groups are increasingly using westerners as operatives , report say .
 va misled on number of deaths , rep. jeff rogers says <sec> rep. jeff miller accuses the va of `` what appears to be an attempt to mislead '' .  chairman of key house panel says the va gave questionable information on a fact sheet .  miller : `` va scandal was created by selfish bureaucrats who lied in order to hide problems '' .  robert mcdonald is the new va chief ; eric shinseki resigned after series of cnn storie .
 the mommy diaries : authors of `` the nanny diaries '' start a new chapter <sec> it 's been 10 years since emma mclaughlin , nicola kraus wrote `` the nanny diaries '' .  co-authors recently released back-to-back books , one a young adult novel , `` over you '' .  the pair , who typically write together , both gave birth to their first children two years ago .  changing lives have meant their writing methods , points of view have changed as wel .
 royal ascot 's record $ 7.5m prize money <sec> britain 's royal ascot increases prize money to record $ 7.5 million .  prestigious english track attracts royalty and celebrity guests .  but despite prestige , ascot still lags behind world in prize money .  world 's richest racing event , dubai world cup , offers $ 27 millio .
 obama meets with japan 's prime minister <sec> prime minister yoshihiko noda is japan 's sixth head of government in five years .  japan is still recovering from last year 's quake , tsunami and resulting nuclear plant meltdown .  japan and the u.s. agreed last week to relocate some u.s. troops based on okinawa .  noda and obama hold bilateral talks , then a working lunch and a news conferenc .
 rock and roll hall of fame invites you to meat lady gaga 's dress <sec> gaga 's meat dress will be unveiled at the rock and roll hall of fame thursday .  it will be part of the hall 's `` women who rock : vision , passion , power '' exhibit .  she wore the dress during last fall 's mtv video music awards sho .
 obama defeats clinton in guam caucuses by 7 votes <sec> new : obama gets 50.1 percent of the vote .  at stake saturday were four pledged delegates .  also on ballot : chairman and vice chairman of guam 's democratic part .
 aclu files new lawsuit pushing for same-sex marriage rights <sec> the aclu plans to challenge three states ' positions on same-sex marriage .  the move comes after the supreme court 's defense of marriage and prop-8 rulings .  the organization is aiming for 20 same-sex marriage rights states by the end of 201 .
 justices rule against nfl over apparel licensing <sec> american needle says nfl deal with reebok violates antitrust law .  court says licensing of intellectual property is not part of antitrust protection .  manufacturer 's lawsuit against league can continue .  outcome of case could affect other sports franchise .
 the social apps taking china by storm <sec> pengpeng uses location-based technology to allow users to meet strangers through playing games .  founder andy tian says pengpeng has four million users and is one of the fastest growing apps in china .  the beijing-based startup launched with $ 4.2 million in seed funding earlier this year .  social media in china is seeing the rise of sites that allow users to post anonymousl .
 burlesque legends show they 've still got it <sec> marie baronnet 's book documents some of the legends of burlesque dancing .  the women in the book , all of whom are 65 or older , represent a bygone era .  but even today , they 've still got plenty of sensuality and charism .
 russia charges 30 with piracy in greenpeace protest <sec> 30 were detained after a protest at a gazprom oil platform in the barents sea .  greenpeace says two activists tried to hang a banner from a rig .  russia : the action endangered lives , and could have led to an environmental disaster .  the activists are `` accused of an imaginary offense , '' a greenpeace official say .
 mom of jailed briton : 'my world is crumbling like a pack of cards ' <sec> mom : `` samantha has never given me any cause to worry '' .  samantha orobator , now 21 , in prison in laos charged with smuggling heroin .  daughter was facing death penalty , but now wo n't because she 's pregnant .  mom happy about deal that would allow daughter to serve time in englan .
 first of 60,000 refugees from bhutan arrive in u.s . <sec> first group , 121 refugees , arrives to resettle in new york , chicago , other cities .  u.s. has agreed to take 60,000 refugees ; six other nations taking 10,000 each .  refugees are ethnic nepalis who were forced into exile , human rights group says .  some refugees do n't want to come to u.s. , still hoping to return to bhuta .
 tough choice for obama on petraeus ' successor <sec> peter bergen : president obama has several qualified choices for replacing david petraeus .  he says some could face questions on cia interrogation techniques , secret prisons .  acting director michael morell had key part in response to 9/11 , search for osama bin laden .  other candidates include john brennan , michael vickers and jane harma .
 how to id covert cop cars <sec> ford crown victoria is the most popular police car currently in production .  chevy impalas blend in with traffic , but can hit 140 mph .  dodge magnum wagon sprints from 0-60 mph in under six seconds .  police say a ford mustang shelby gt500 intimidates speeder .
 high school athletes accused of sexual assault <sec> three freshmen allegedly assaulted at sports camp .  authorities arrest three jv soccer players from suburban boston .  they face aggravated rape and other charge .
 ebola fears crippling africa 's safari industry <sec> safari operators report cancellations , huge drop in bookings due to ebloa fears .  geographical misconceptions are leading many travelers to avoid africa completely .  tour operator : `` many people still look at africa as a homogeneous country and not as the second largest continent .
 thabo mbeki : mandela will pull through <sec> thabo mbeki says nelson mandela 's `` health is improving '' .  mbeki succeeded mandela as president ; he thinks `` madiba will go back home .
 two uva fraternities wo n't sign new rules <sec> in rolling stone article , student says she was gang raped at fraternity .  university of virginia suspended fraternities , activities for two months .  questions have been raised about the articl .
 african spoken word artists go from page to podcast <sec> badilisha poetry radio broadcasts spoken word online from cape town .  the group also hosts a website for poets to upload their own podcasts .  the organizers hope to give aspiring young poets a platform to showcase their wor .
 russia , egypt sign preliminary nuclear deal <sec> egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi and russian president vladimir putin meet in cairo .  putin says trade between the countries increased by 80 % last year .  el-sisi says they discussed ways to find a peaceful solution to the syria crisi .
 nepal earthquake : surrogate mothers , unborn children at risk in kathmandu <sec> nepal is a popular place for israeli couples to have surrogate children .  an estimated 10 to 15 surrogate mothers are due to give birth soon in kathmand .
