 chavez says he will go to cuba for surgery <sec> venezuelan president hugo chavez says cuban doctors will operate .  the venezuelan leader says the lesion is likely malignant .  `` it took all of us by surprise , '' one venezuelan says of the news .  the operation comes at a critical time , seven months ahead of the electio .
 britain 's royal mint updates coinage portrait of queen <sec> britain 's royal mint unveiled a new coinage portrait of queen elizabeth ii on monday .  production of coins with the new image has begun , and they will be in circulation this year .  the portrait was designed by royal mint engraver jody clar .
 nasa : cooling pump fails on international space station ; crew ok <sec> nasa says the space station and crew were never in any danger .  a cooling pump shut down after hitting a temperature limit .  an emergency spacewalk could be necessary , but it 's too soon to tel .
 bloody stains not connected to frein search , police say <sec> stains investigated for link to trooper shooting suspect eric frein do n't pan out , police say .  one stain was blood , but not frein 's ; the other was n't even blood .  frein is suspected in september 12 ambush of 2 officers , one of whom died .  he may have been seen friday night , police sa .
 north carolina community remembers zahra baker <sec> the remains of zahra baker were discovered last week .  she was reported missing in early october .  the girl would have turned 11 on tuesday .  `` we have ... become better people because of her , '' police chief say .
 romney wins endorsements from bob dole , iowa newspaper <sec> the two endorsements come about two weeks before the iowa caucus .  bob dole and the des moines register 's editorial board praise mitt romney 's credentials .  the paper 's support is coveted , but a number of previous picks have not won the white house .  romney earlier won the endorsement of south carolina gov . .  nikki hale .
 china fears job riots <sec> china warns of labor unrest and more layoffs during economic crisis .  human resources minister says unemployment will rise .  $ 585 billion economic stimulus package wo n't kick in until 2009 , he says .  china being hit by reduced demand and rising cost .
 penn state , college football 's biggest crisis <sec> william bennett : the ncaa is adopting a low profile in penn state scandal .  he says penn state is the most serious scandal confronted by college football .  the ncaa must take the lead in putting safeguards in place and in punishment , he says .  bennett : it 's time for the ncaa to make up its mind about priorities in college footbal .
 opinion : we need federal , not state , gun policy <sec> michael bloomberg is spending $ 50 million to stem the tide of gun violence .  jill koyama : we need a federal policy rather than piecemeal state legislation .  she says we need to strengthen background checks and ban assault weapons .  koyama : we must find a way to preserve individual rights and reduce gun violenc .
 6 destinations with a dark side <sec> explore underground streets in edinburgh , scotland , with dark truth tours .  make a stop in new orleans for a primer on all things voodoo .  visit sleepy hollow for a look at the origins of that chilling legen .
 fired exec : 'starbucks saved my life ' <sec> fired ad exec credits starbucks with saving his life by giving him a job .  michael gates gill enjoys making lattes and cleaning toilets .  his book , `` how starbucks saved my life , '' to become tom hanks movi .
 opinion : 'stuff like this does n't happen to cleveland ' <sec> debra adams simmons says lebron james returning is a gift to the region .  she lives blocks from james ' home and her sons went to the same school .  coupled with the rnc announcement , this was a good week for clevelan .
 france admits lapses after breach of nuke reactor security <sec> interior minister has ordered a search of all nuclear plants , spokesman says .  greenpeace : action shows vulnerability of french nuclear security .  french president calls act `` irresponsible '' but pledges transparenc .
 no deterrent to pirates , u.s. commander says <sec> gortney : no working somali government , country willing to detain , try accused pirates .  u.s. currently only nation with ships dedicated to anti-pirate task force .  asian , european nations have own ships independently patrolling regio .
 sharapova sideswipe at williams over controversial remarks <sec> maria sharapova hits out at world no.1 serena williams .  russian says american should stop courting controversy .  irked by apparent reference to her in article in rolling stone magazine .  elena vesnina takes eastbourne title beating jamie hampton of united state .
 aid begins flowing to haiti <sec> new : aid , search-and-rescue experts begin to reach haiti .  new : one of two military planes with 30-man team lands in port-au-prince to assess needs .  world bank promises $ 100 million in emergency funds for recovery and reconstruction .  former u.s. president bill clinton : [ haitians ] `` need your help now .
 nato summit in wales : what should we expect ? <sec> nato summit is called `` the most important gathering of nato leaders in more than a decade '' .  nato may return to core mission of facing a re-emerging security threat from the east .  russian president putin 's push in to ukraine has the 28-nation alliance focused on action .  as nato looks to its future , it wants to build on its pas .
 'baby-sitters club ' author ann m. martin tackles autism <sec> ann m. martin 's latest book , `` rain reign , '' hits shelves tuesday .  martin is best known for her popular `` baby-sitters club '' series .  martin has tackled many issues in her books for childre .
 obama hails jobs as brave , bold and talented <sec> obama on jobs : `` he changed the way each of us sees the world '' .  this week , obama revealed he received an ipad 2 directly from jobs .  boehner tweets on his ipad : `` steve jobs changed the world for the better .
 watney wins wgc event at doral ; woods secures top-10 finish <sec> nick watney shoots a five-under-par closing round of 67 to win wgc event .  american climbs to 15th in world rankings after his third pga tour title .  overnight leader dustin johnson falls away with closing round of 71 to finish second .  tiger woods shows encouraging form with a final-round 66 to finish tied for 10t .
 pakistan sends feds to investigate betting scandal <sec> new : pakistani investigators are due in england tuesday .  british police are investigating reports gamblers fixed parts of a pakistan-england cricket match .  a british tabloid newspaper paid $ 233,000 to a man who said he had advance information .  pakistani players performed as the alleged fixer said they woul .
 documents reveal al qaeda 's plans for seizing cruise ships , carnage in europe <sec> german officials discovered al qaeda documents encoded on porn video .  cnn obtained access to details of the documents .  many shed light on future plots the terror group had planned , including on cruise ship .
 jennifer hudson worked her way up <sec> jennifer hudson 's rise to fame came the old-fashioned way .  hudson 's mother , brother , nephew found dead in chicago , illinois .  singer beat out more than 800 other women for role in `` dreamgirls '' .  hudson 's first national recognition came on `` american idol .
 'please do n't let me go ' cleveland kidnap victim told officers <sec> the first officers to arrive at the house speak about the emotional rescue .  `` it took everything to hold myself together , '' one officer says .  cleveland police release interview with the officers involved in the rescu .
 zimmerman 's former attorneys : who are they ? <sec> both craig sonner and hal uhrig are former prosecutors .  uhrig worked as a police officer while attending law school .  the two said tuesday they can not represent george zimmerman .  the attorneys say they have lost contact with zimmerma .
 biggest-ever foreign turnout expected for north korea mass games <sec> arirang festival began monday at pyongyang 's may day stadium ; runs until september 9 .  record number of foreigners expected to attend .  90-minute spectacle featuring 120,000 gymnasts will be repeated throughout festiva .
 bing takes on google in fight for holiday shoppers <sec> google shopping is the target of a nationwide attack ad from microsoft 's bing search engine .  google now only includes paying vendors in its search results .  bing also includes paid vendors from third-party sites , but ranks paid and free listings equally .  amazon , the biggest online shopping portal , no longer lists products on googl .
 jeff walters : do n't ease up now in emerging markets <sec> jeff walters : consumer class still growing rapidly in key emerging markets .  gloomy economic reports miss that private consumption continues to rise .  many innovative companies prosper from rapid growth of china 's middle clas .
 thai police release 70 women and girls after trafficking raid <sec> police say the females are from laos and myanmar .  41 were forced into prostitution ; 29 were willfully working as prostitutes .  about 20 who were forced into prostitution are under 18 years old , a police official says .  five suspects are in custody , charged with human traffickin .
 petra on prague : czech supermodel shows cnn her 'golden city ' <sec> czech supermodel and philanthropist shows cnn around her `` golden city , '' prague .  nemcova : `` prague is like former president vaclav havel : admirable , artictic and proud '' .  nemcova also talks about growing up under communism and surviving the 2004 asian tsunam .
 brits resort to pulling own teeth <sec> six percent of english people surveyed have resorted to `` diy dentistry '' .  one respondent said they had pulled out 14 teeth with a pair of pliers .  three-quarters of patients forced to pay for private treatmen .
 america 's favorite cities in 2008 <sec> new orleans elbowed new york aside as the best city for fine dining .  portland , oregon , swept minneapolis out of first place for cleanliness .  new york held its no . .  1 ranking as the country 's best spot for people-watchin .
 how joe cocker conquered the beatles ( opinion ) <sec> gene seymour : joe cocker made iconic version of `` with a little help from my friends '' at woodstock .  he says on news of his death , song is what everyone thought of . .  he conquered it , made it his own .  he says it began cocker 's solid blues career that crossed several generations .  seymour : today , ringo starr tweeted tribute to the man who transformed his signature son .
 michigan woman 's auto-payments hid her death for over 5 years <sec> authorities believe the dead woman is pia farrenkopf , who would be 49 .  employer last saw her about more than 5 years ago .  `` nothing remarkable ( was ) found in the home , '' a michigan sheriff says .  her body was found by a worker sent by a bank to carry out repairs on the hous .
 how to prepare for google 's privacy changes <sec> google privacy policy change goes into effect thursday .  the change lets google combine data on you from all of its sites .  users can delete web , search history before the change happens .  deleting history does n't mean google ca n't use the info internall .
 cnn student news - january 16 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 zimbabwe power-sharing talks stall <sec> parties tussle over finance , home affairs portfolios .  reports suggest talks also stall because mugabe wants generals protected .  mugabe , tsvangirai signed power-sharing deal on september 15 .  the deal was to end months of turmoil and violence after the presidential pol .
 cnn s.c . insiders survey : 'my heart says one thing , my mind says another ' <sec> gop insiders in south carolina say that each candidate has worrisome issues .  romney has been seen as too centrist , says poll .  the anti-romney vote is split between gingrich and santorum .  ron paul 's national security positions keep him out of mainstream , says pol .
 sen. rand paul convincingly wins cpac presidential straw poll - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sen. rand paul gets 31 % of the vote among presidential contenders at the cpac event .  it is his second straight such win .  the next closest contender is sen. ted cruz of texas , with 11 .
 mourinho : barca 'obsession ' will boost inter 's chances <sec> inter milan hold 3-1 lead ahead of champs league semifinal 2nd leg against barcelona .  inter coach jose mourinho says barca are 'obsessed ' with winning final at real madrid 's home ground .  barcelona would become first club to retain champions league in current format .  barcelona coach pep guardiola refuses to be drawn on mourinho 's comment .
 do war crimes trials really help victims ? <sec> taylor trial highlights three main shortcomings of international courts , says phil clark .  length of the taylor trial is unjustifiable , delaying justice for his victims , he says .  clark : taylor trial suffered from the narrowness of the charges against him .  clark : taylor trial weakened by distance of trial from location and victims of his crime .
 does al qaeda have some libyan missiles ? <sec> chad president claims north african affiliate has stolen some sams .  no concrete evidence yet of this .  but al qaeda known to have enough funds for weapons black marke .
 obama proposes billions for infrastructure , education <sec> sen. obama offers plan to spend $ 10b on schools , $ 60b on infrastructure .  democratic presidential candidate would spend $ 150b on renewable energy .  obama rejects protectionist trade polices , says u.s. workers can compete .  sen. mccain 's campaign says higher taxes to pay for programs would hurt econom .
 casey to police : getting caylee back is 'the only thing that matters ' <sec> new : detective denies he considered casey anthony a suspect from the outset .  anthony told authorities she did n't report the girl missing out of `` fear '' .  she says she has looked for her daughter every day .  casey anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter , caylee , in 200 .
 mali agrees to ecowas military deployment plan <sec> after a military coup in march , islamists seized two-thirds of mali .  the west african regional block has had 3,300 regional troops on standby .  mali and the west african group have reached an agreement .  troops can be based in the capital of bamako , as a step toward ending conflic .
 are new yorkers overreacting about jeter ? ( opinion ) <sec> mike downey : new yorkers are treating retirement of derek jeter as monumental event .  he says sports fans around the nation may not be as sold on the momentous occasion .  but how good was jeter ? .  he 's a lock for the hall of fame , amazing stats and performance , he says .  downey : baseball will miss the yankee captai .
 report : former drone operator shares his inner torment <sec> new : the pakistani prime minister says he raised the issue of drones in talks with obama .  in a magazine interview , a former drone operator describes the grisly scenes he witnessed .  his job was to aim the targeting laser for drones from a control station in the u.s . .  after leaving the air force , he says he suffered from post traumatic stress disorde .
 poll : obama ends year on an upswing <sec> new poll shows obama 's approval rating at 20-month high .  americans starting to feel positive about economy .  more americans still disapprove of obama 's job performance than approv .
 indian point foes bring nrc chairman for tour <sec> 2 new york members of congress want nuclear plant closed .  lowey , engel say too many people live too close for evacuation .  nrc chairman praises `` dialogue .
 my granny is my wingman <sec> today 's singles scene is diverse enough to include young professionals and granparents .  do n't be afraid to try a different dating site if you 're not getting the results you desire .  granny gail : `` sex is now part of the program .
 ice license-plate tracking plan withdrawn amid outcry about privacy <sec> immigration and customs enforcement sought bids for a license-plate tracking database .  database would have been able to see where a vehicle 's plate had been captured on camera .  tool would have helped law enforcement find criminals , one proponent says .  database would have violated the privacy of innocent people , aclu argue .
 world cup : mexico coach herrera 's wild touchline antics a hit on social media <sec> mexico coach miguel herrera becoming known for his touchline histrionics .  herrera celebrates wildly with his players and remonstrates with referee .  mexico through to last 16 after finishing second behind brazil in group .
 flu cases down in some areas ; child deaths up <sec> california , hawaii and mississippi are the only states without widespread activity .  other respiratory illnesses are also circulating , experts say .  officials do n't know whether flu cases have peaked this season .  the number of flu-related deaths for children climbed by two to a total of 20 , officials sa .
 photographer zhan youbing captures factory life <sec> zhan youbing is a former factory worker , now an acclaimed photographer .  zhan uses his intimate knowledge of migrant workers to capture their lives on and off the assembly line .  `` i have lived this life , '' he says . .  `` so i know exactly what their situations are .
 crews still cleaning louisiana train 's toxic mess <sec> train cars leaked corrosive hydrochloric acid after a saturday derailment .  chemical spill caused a toxic cloud to form above lafayette site .  exposure to the chemical can irritate skin .  lafayette authorities evacuated about 3,500 homes and businesse .
 at least 20 killed in iraq blast <sec> at least 20 people killed and 30 wounded in double suicide blast west of mosul , iraq .  many in town are part of yazidi religious sect , mainly kurdish minority .  attack at least second this week appearing to target ethnic minorities in northern iraq .  thirty people killed earlier this week in village with shiite shabak ethnic grou .
 michigan toddler dies of enterovirus d68 <sec> a little girl named madeline reid dies at children 's hospital of michigan .  the cdc found she had enterovirus d68 , which she died of , doctor says .  enterovirus d68 is a pernicious strain of a common virus ; children are most vulnerable .  cdc confirms 691 enterovirus d68 cases in 46 states ; says numbers will ris .
 vitali klitschko quits pugilism for politics : 'my people need me ' <sec> wbc heavyweight champion hints at end of career to fight political battle in ukraine .  the older of the klitschko brothers has been heavyweight world champion since 2008 .  the political situation is tense in ukraine with public protests against current leadership .  klitschko has option to return to the ring and win back title as champion emeritu .
 facebook app lets you stalk -- er , monitor relationships <sec> facebook breakup notifier lets users pick friends and monitor their relationship statuses .  if a relationship status changes , the app notifies the user .  facebook just added civil unions and domestic partnerships to its relationship lis .
 ebola crisis : lessons from sars outbreak <sec> who is warning that weekly cases could reach 10,000 by the start of december .  2003 sars outbreak was the worst global pandemic of the modern era .  sars , however , was a far less severe infection than ebola , say hill-cawthorne .  best way to prevent domestic ebola cases is by pitching in to the global effort in west afric .
 army corps flood-fighting teams sent to washington state <sec> new : u.s. army corps of engineers sends six flood flight teams to washington state .  damage assessments begin monday on flooded homes , an official says .  flooding reported on several rivers , with some still rising .  nine counties report flooding , washington state say .
 protests in yemen turn deadly <sec> in all , seven deaths are reported in clashes that erupted nationwide .  a defected general leads forces clashing with the regime .  yemen 's attorney general theratens to resign unless previous deaths are probe .
 police probe death threats against 5-year-old disney star mia talerico <sec> mia talerico , 5 , plays charlie in `` good luck charlie , '' a hit disney channel series .  los angeles police department 's threat management unit is investigating .  police are n't disclosing the nature of the threat .
 30 prisoners escape after riot in northern mexico , governor says <sec> new : a zetas cartel leader is among the escapees , officials say .  authorities are offering a reward for information leading to their capture .  the prison 's director and 18 guards are under investigation .  44 people were killed in clashes at the northern mexico prison sunda .
