 midterms : how obama and the democrats lost ( opinion ) <sec> gloria borger : voters are much less patient with politicians than in the past .  they want a government that will act effectively to solve problems .  she says strategists saw democrats lose ground in polls after obama 's isis strategy comment .  borger : uncertainty over ebola response also hurt the democrat .
 billboard music awards : mj 'hologram ' and kendall 's flub get buzz <sec> michael jackson fan : `` not quite sure what to feel '' about `` hologram '' performance .  fans complain it was n't as good as mj , but what else is ? .  kendall jenner gets buzz for botching 5 seconds of summer intro .  lorde says she 's not the 15-year-old she was when she recorded `` royals .
 dirty water : the child killer we can stop <sec> pneumonia and diarrhea kill around two million young children a year .  providing clean water and sanitation can help tackle these diseases .  globally 1 in 10 people are without safe drinking water .  new sustainable development goals should include access to water and hygiene , argues waterai .
 zimbabwe replaces $ 10 trillion banknote <sec> z $ 1,000 note can only purchase a loaf of bread .  zimbabwe 's agro-based economy in free-fall for more than a decade .  robert mugabe blames country 's economic collapse on sanction .
 this month on inside the middle east <sec> inside the middle east explores the stories of women throughout the region .  the show meets a woman who fled to a shelter to escape death threats .  ime also returns to saudi arabia to chart the progress of jeddah united , an all-female basketball tea .
 husband called airport on day wife died in cell <sec> new : family attorney says woman may have been drinking before arrest .  husband called airport saying his wife was suicidal , police report says .  video shows woman apparently yelling before officers approach her .  carol ann gotbaum , 45 , dies in custody september 28 at phoenix airpor .
 shirahama : naked men , giant pandas and one of japan 's whitest beaches <sec> shirahama , wakayama is one of the most popular beaches in japan 's kansai region .  more than 1,300 years old , sakinoyu onsen is one of japan 's three oldest hot springs .  other popular shirahama sites include caves , fish markets and a famed panda cente .
 ethiopian airlines - bringing the dreamliner to africa <sec> ethiopian airlines became the first airline outside japan to own boeing 787 dreamliner .  the carrier has been growing steadily during the global economic crisis .  its ceo tewolde gebremariam explains how his airline managed to stay on cours .
 'zombie ' attacks michael bay on 'transformers 4 ' set <sec> new : bay : `` some drugged up guys were being belligerent asses '' to transformers crew .  new : `` it was like a zombie in brad pitt 's movie 'world war z , ' bay says '' .  the director is in hong kong filming the fourth installment of 'transformers ' franchise .  charges against the men include extortion and assaul .
 16 dead after fire tears through market in shenzhen , china <sec> the fire at a wholesale farm produce market burned more than 1,000 square meters .  about 145 firefighters battled to extinguish the blaze , which began early wednesday .  they are still searching for survivors in the debris , chinese state media repor .
 rihanna bares almost all in sheer , sparkly dress <sec> rihanna attended the cfda awards in a sparkling , sheer dress .  it was custom-designed by adam selman .  vogue magazine and some observers have approved .  the singer received the cfda 's 2014 fashion icon awar .
 young , female and undecided <sec> i 'm fiscally conservative , socially liberal and undecided , says cat del valle castellanos .  obama is now less of a rock star , but compared to romney , he 's aerosmith , she says .  castellanos : i 'm the demographic mitt romney needs to win over : young and female .  i may be young , but i 'm certainly not worthless , and i 'm not in the `` 47 % , '' she say .
 forlan punishes paraguay as uruguay make copa america history <sec> uruguay seal the copa america title after crushing paraguay 3-0 .  diego forlan grabs two goals and luis suarez one as uruguay record a comfortable win .  uruguay now have a record 15 copa america titles , one more than argentina .  it is their first copa america victory since 199 .
 lawyers seek to limit new york police surveillance of muslims <sec> civil rights lawyers ask federal court to end new york police surveillance of muslims .  surveillance of businesses , mosques violate 1985 court settlement on monitoring groups , lawyers say .  police department unit monitored muslim businesses and mosques in region .  power to monitor groups expanded after 9/11 attacks in 200 .
 facebook testing a 'stalker button ' <sec> facebook testing feature that allows users to receive alerts when a friend takes action .  when you subscribe to a user , you 'll get a notification when they post content .  not sure yet if you can subscribe to someone who 's not a frien .
 mexican , u.s. officials denounce alleged infiltration tactics used by dea agents <sec> mexican and u.s. lawmakers call for investigations .  allegations say the dea allowed agents to launder money , perhaps even on mexican soil .  mexican sen. felipe gonzalez : `` you ca n't fight crime by committing criminal acts '' .  a former dea agent says infiltration of mexican drug cartels is essentia .
 men tell oprah why they beat the women they love <sec> oprah winfrey : nearly 1,100 women are killed every year as a result of abuse .  young men who admit to abusing women offer insight into abusive behavior .  abuser : `` i could n't express myself verbally , so i would take it out on her physically '' .  men say emotional abuse can leave the deepest scar .
 'pacman ' loss leaves philippines fans stunned <sec> manny pacquiao loses his wbo welterweight crown to american timothy bradley in las vegas .  two judges rule the fight 115-113 for american , while the other judge backs the filipino champion .  the decision is greeted with a chorus of boos by fans who thought pacquiao had dominated .  the two fighters may return to the ring for a rematch later this year , reports sa .
 what obama should tell china 's xi about north korea <sec> recent case of 9 north koreans repatriated from laos highlights human rights .  china regularly repatriates north koreans , who may face torture back in their country .  china needs to be on the right side of history , writes sokeel par .
 'despicable me 2 ' crushes 'lone ranger ' on wednesday <sec> `` despicable me 2 '' easily won the box office race on wednesday .  `` the lone ranger '' stumbled out of the gate .  `` kevin hart : let me explain , '' pulverized already heightened expectation .
 alleged dinner crashers invoke fifth amendment <sec> tareq and michaele salahi decline to answer questions at congressional hearing .  house panel looking into how the couple attended state dinner in november .  white house says they were n't invited ; secret service says procedures not followed .  salahis ' attorney says they ca n't answer questions because of pending investigatio .
 review : 'divergent ' keeps you invested <sec> the film is based on a 2011 ya novel by veronica roth .  shailene woodley plays her character as `` intensely vulnerable '' .  ew give it a grade of b .
 poll : voters less pessimistic than 2008 , but unhappier than 2006 <sec> mood of voters improves from two years ago .  unemployment is the biggest concern .  voters blame wall street , bush and obama for econom .
 legal analyst : same-sex marriage again in limbo <sec> california voters appear to have approved a ban on same-sex marriage .  at least three court challenges have been filed against ban .  cnn legal analyst says opinions on ban 's legality are `` all over the place '' .  analyst says u.s. supreme court will likely be called upon to decide issu .
 south africa since apartheid : boom or bust ? <sec> new report praises south africa 's transformation since apartheid .  huge growth in country 's gdp and in middle class .  but poverty , inequality , and unemployment remain a proble .
 north korea is fueling rocket , u.s. military says <sec> nation could be in the final stages of launch , which could come this weekend .  sources say `` bulbous '' shroud atop rocket could indicate satellite aboard .  pentagon worries launch of any kind will help nation develop missile progra .
 college after cancer <sec> abby houck is a 2009 cancer for college scholarship recipient .  houck battled acute lymphoblastic leukemia as a child .  medical bills for houck left the family with few resources for a college educatio .
 students ca n't be part of main graduation because of mexico trip <sec> slippery rock university students who visited mexico will have own graduation .  student : `` we are a liability ... we probably should n't be there '' .  some students thrilled to get unique ceremony where they will know all graduates .  schools postponing proms , canceling graduations over swine flu fear .
 8 elegant u.s. mansion hotels <sec> historic mansions across the u.s. now welcome overnight guests .  wentworth mansion in charleston once belonged to a wealthy cotton merchant .  cranwell resort in lenox , massachusetts , provides a stunning berkshires settin .
 opinion : media turns boko haram into 'superstar monsters ' <sec> adaobi tricia nwaubani : why must citizens be bombarded with boko haram `` rantings '' .  group 's aim is glamorised , misrepresented by media , she argues .  conduct is as islamic as that of preacher who kidnapped elizabeth smart was christian , she writes .  media must stop fuelling their inner psychopaths , offering them stardom on a plat .
 paterno 's marred legacy raises age-old sports 'heroes ' question <sec> college football hall of fame 's board members are expected to meet in early october .  `` we 're very aware of all of this , '' said steve hatchell , ceo of the national football foundation .  the group inducted paterno alongside florida state 's bobby bowden in 200 .
 manchester united misery for moyes as everton defeats former boss <sec> manchester united beaten 1-0 at home by everton .  luis suarez scores four as liverpool crushes norwich 5-1 .  victories for arsenal , manchester city and chelsea .  psg loses unbeaten run in franc .
 world 's most beautiful piers <sec> as uk 's ryde pier celebrates 200 years and new york 's pier a flirts with a reopening date , we list other great piers around the world .  at nearly 2 km , busselton pier is the longest in the southern hemisphere and has a unique underwater observatory .  clevedon pier is the only fully intact , grade 1 listed pier in the u .
 iraq war : dealing with the 'worst kind of pain ' <sec> ireporters share their thoughts on how the iraq war has affected their lives .  `` having [ my husband ] gone is the worst kind of pain , '' one woman says .  wife : invasion changed wedding plans , hubby missed most of first pregnancy .  ireport.com : tell us how the war has impacted you and your famil .
 controversial legal ivory sale raises $ 1.2m <sec> controversial legal auction of ivory held in namibia .  first legal sale since 1999 sold 8 tons of ivory for £1.2 million .  supporters say money will help elephant conservation .  opponents : it will boost demand ; `` buying ivory is signing elephant 's death warrant .
 buttercup the duck getting a 3-d printed foot <sec> duck born with backward foot getting replacement via 3-d printer .  buttercup lives at a bird sanctuary in tennesse .
 opinion : a bromance of 'sharknado ' and 'cronut ' <sec> lee siegel : it seems that a new portmanteau -- a hybrid word -- pops up every hour .  siegel : words like `` cronut '' and `` sharknado '' delight and dazzle us in their newness .  he says familiar words are being reshuffled as our modern life quickens in its pace .  siegel : new hybrid words are emblematic of our culture -- a melting pot where things blen .
 poll : most pakistanis disapproved of u.s. killing bin laden <sec> nearly two-thirds ( 63 % ) expressed disapproval of the raid .  most pakistanis said they wanted a strong relationship between the two countries .  only 12 % said they had a positive view of the united states .  just 8 % said they were confident that obama would do the right thing in world affair .
 interview with 'serial ' witness jay wilds stirs debate <sec> final part of the three-part interview is expected to publish wednesday .  `` serial , '' a popular podcast , detailed an investigation into the 15-year-old murder of hae min lee .  her ex-boyfriend , adnan syed , was convicted .  key witness in the case against syed was jay wilds , who spoke to the intercep .
 greeks arrest captain of u.s. ship aiming to protest gaza blockade <sec> new : the quartet urges all governments to discourage additional flotillas .  the captain of the audacity of hope has been arrested , greek authorities say .  the u.s. citizen is accused of disobeying authorities and putting passengers at risk .  his ship is one of 10 in a flotilla meant to challenge israeli 's blockade of gaz .
 opinion : dunn verdict a win for prosecution , despite critics <sec> danny cevallos : critics of the michael dunn verdict miss a feature of trials .  they 're always unpredictable , and it 's impossible to get inside the mind of a jury , he says .  he says jury may have been unsure about meaning of various degrees of homicide .  cevallos : the prosecution scored a win , despite public criticism of the verdic .
 medvedev makes 'historic ' visit to west bank <sec> the russian president will open an art museum and sign agreements with the palestinians .  saeb erakat says the visit shows the palestinians are ready for statehood .  medvedev had to cancel a visit to israel because of a strik .
 australian open : <sec> serena williams beats maria sharapova in the australian open final .  williams prevails 6-3 7-6 to beat sharapova for the 16th straight time .  williams wins a 19th major and sixth title at melbourne par .
 jay-z joins pearl jam during 'made in america ' <sec> jay-z rocked out at his philadelphia music festival with pearl jam .  rapper drake served as an opening act .  run-d.m.c . .  reunited and payed tribute to jam master ja .
 protesters march in attempt to force yemen 's president out <sec> thousands demonstrate against president saleh .  the protests mirror others in egypt and tunisia .  yemen is a key al qaeda battlegroun .
 libyan general : eu military action on migrants 'unwise ' <sec> head of libyan army tells cnn libyan authorities have not been consulted .  gen. khalifa haftar says libya will `` look after '' its interests .  solution to migration problem requires lifting of sanctions , general say .
 how the healing power of music helps wounded warriors <sec> musicorps is a rehab program for wounded soldiers recovering at walter reed .  founder arthur bloom , a yale school of music graduate , began the nonprofit in 2007 .  musicorps also provides custom instruments for those whose injuries require them .  voting for 'cnn hero of the year ' continues through thursday , nov. 1 .
 discover beijing 's hidden culture ... before the bulldozers get there <sec> beijing is a city rich in culture , but its history is threatened by modernization .  traditional courtyard housing is being demolished , but you can still find it if you look .  caochangdi is an urban art village started by artist ai weiwei .  real beijing can be found in countless parks where locals gather to danc .
 joan rivers jokes obama is gay , first lady transgender <sec> photographer asks rivers if united states will have a gay president .  rivers says u.s. already has transgender first lady , michelle obama .  in a statement to cnn , rivers calls it a complimen .
 red onions recalled over contamination risk <sec> gills onions recalls 2,360 pounds of diced red onions .  the recalled product may be contaminated with listeria monocytogenes .  the onions are beyond their use-by date .
 hyundai and labor unions reach deal to end costly strikes <sec> strike at hyundai forced it to cut production by more than 80,000 vehicles .  hyundai has agreed to abolish overnight shifts and increase basic pay , bonuses .  hyundai : 'our priority now is to normalize production and fulfill customers ' expectations .
 stop the ultimatums , russia tells ukraine protesters <sec> ukrainian president returns to his desk after a four-day sick leave .  russia : `` we hope the opposition in ukraine will renounce threats and ultimatums '' .  thousands of demonstrators remain on the streets of central kiev .  the opposition wants more concessions from the governmen .
 pope 's visit an effort to reinvigorate faith in mexico <sec> pope benedict xvi 's trip to mexico first since becoming pope seven years ago .  once near universal , catholic population in mexico now stands at 83 % .  visits comes only three months away from mexico 's presidential election .  pope benedict fighting image in mexico of being academic and aloo .
 search widens in florida for 2 missing after air ambulance crash <sec> new : ntsb says flight climbed to 2,000 feet , descended then turned to shore .  search area is 24 square miles as currents carry debris north .  the air ambulance had dropped off a patient in florida and was headed back to mexico .  `` we 're waiting on pins and needles , '' an air evac international official say .
 ashton kutcher hints about replacing sheen on 'two and a half men ' <sec> kutcher tweets a riddle with `` two and a half '' as the answer .  industry publications report kutcher on `` two and a half men '' is a done deal .  the network and studio are silent about reports kutcher will join the show .  charlie sheen is embroiled in a lawsuit over his dismissal from the hit sitco .
 peanut processor files for bankruptcy <sec> new : consumers union says filing shows need for stronger fda .  new : move will shield company from liability lawsuits , group says .  bacteria in company plant in georgia blamed for hundreds of salmonella cases .  products from company plant in texas recalled after dead rodents foun .
 occupy movement fights foreclosures , protests program cuts <sec> lawyers representing occupy arizona announce a lawsuit intended to stop arrests .  senior citizens and disabled demonstrators join the movement in chicago .  fresno protesters stage a `` good , old-fashioned sit-in , '' the sheriff says .  a couple who met at occupy philadelphia tie the kno .
 probing questions , long delays for tea party groups <sec> a handful of tea party organizations told cnn that they were asked probing questions .  director of richmond tea party said he first sought tax-exempt status for the group in 2009 .  the irs asked to see private pages that were `` accessible only to your members '' .  the indiana tea party is another conservative group that says it received similar scrutin .
 new york times : foley was tortured before his beheading <sec> the new york times reports that isis tortured its captives before beheading them .  james foley was singled out for particularly harsh treatment , according to the times .  some european hostages have been released by isi .
 egypt 's el-sisi vows to finish off the muslim brotherhood <sec> in a tv interview , abdel fattah el-sisi says it was his duty to run for president .  he vows to finish off the muslim brotherhood if elected .  egyptians will head to the polls to pick a new president later this mont .
 u.s. military forces strike in libya , somalia ; capture wanted al qaeda leader <sec> al libi is captured when he leaves his house for morning prayers .  al libi is accused in the 1998 bombings of two u.s. embassies in africa .  terrorists can run `` but they ca n't hide , '' kerry says .  it 's not known whether u.s. forces killed an al-shabaab leader in somali .
 with itunes , apple has thrown weight around <sec> department . .  of justice is asking questions about apple 's business practices .  investigators want to know whether apple has employed anticompetitive tactics .  apple 's itunes accounts for 70 percent of all digital song sale .
 an 'afghan redneck ' creates art in a war zone <sec> aman mojadidi , an american of afghan descent , is an artist who has worked in kabul .  he has chosen provocative themes , using humor to examine life in afghanistan .  his work intentionally blurs fact and fiction , reality and imagination .  he imitated a `` jihadi gangster '' and did a reverse impersonation of a corrupt police office .
 staff 's kids help leno say goodbye to 'tonight ' <sec> leno brings out kids of those who met , married while working on his show .  audience members say show also includes song by james taylor .  conan o'brien , leno 's first guest , takes over show monday .  leno moves to prime time in the fal .
