 fears of more violence arise before south sudan independence <sec> new satellite images show a sudanese military presence in south kordofan .  the images captured by george clooney 's group show a convoy .  south sudan is set to gain independence july 9 .  the north and south fought a decades-long civil wa .
 montana airport gets rare tsa concession : private screeners <sec> instead of flying in federal employees , airport will be able to hire locally .  plan may save the federal government money .  tsa decision to allow private security workforce is a rare concession these day .
 buda vs. pest : one city , two personalities <sec> separated by the danube , pest and buda became one city in 1873 .  budapest was almost called `` pestbuda '' .  hilly buda has great views ; pest is flat but buzzing .  even the thermal spas on each side have a different vib .
 juventus sack coach ferrara after poor run <sec> juventus sack coach ciro ferrara after a string of poor results in serie a and europe .  ferrari replaced by former milan coach alberto zaccheroni until the end of the season .  juventus have slipped to sixth in serie a after losing five of their last six games .  liverpool manager rafael benitez has also been linked to the turin giant .
 los angeles reserve deputy is reluctant -- and private -- hero <sec> a reserve deputy arrests arson suspect in a series of los angeles fires .  shervin lalezary shuns the spotlight .  los angeles arrest focuses attention on reserve deputies .  the reservists take on officers ' training , risks for $ 1 a yea .
 haiti rubble collapses as diggers try to retrieve body <sec> bulldozer at caribbean market causes secondary collapse .  at least one person is alive in rubble ; condition of others unknown .  rescue complicated by debris , adjacent building that is partially collapse .
 italian cruise ship survivors : crew appeared helpless <sec> new : the cruise line says crew members acted `` bravely and swiftly '' .  passengers recall chaos as people scrambled for lifeboats .  one passenger says she thought several times she might die .  `` nobody followed any procedure , '' said passenger brandon warric .
 chris brown 's bodyguard guilty of assault ; singer 's trial delayed <sec> prosecutors consider giving bodyguard immunity to testify in chris brown trial .  the washington verdict may affect brown 's jail time in los angeles .  the bodyguard is expected to testify he landed a punch that broke adams ' nose .  brown 's washington arrest caused his california probation to be revoke .
 essentials you ca n't afford to skimp on <sec> financial expert jean chatzky : do n't cut house insurance coverage .  continue contributions to 401 ( k ) if your company is matching .  study finds exercise significantly cuts health care costs .  giving money , goods or time to charities can make you feel goo .
 fernandez sails to victory in argentinian presidential vote <sec> analyst : economic issues played a large role in the voters ' choice .  the runner-up vows to keep fighting for his party 's values .  the 58-year-old president went into sunday 's vote as the undisputed front-runner .  fernandez has said her second term will be dedicated to her late husband 's memor .
 your guide to christmas day marathons 2013 <sec> you can get your holiday cheer watching television .  choose from christmas classics like 'a christmas story '' .  or a full day of 'duck dynasty ' and other favorite tv show .
 schoolgirl told to choose : country or parents <sec> noriko calderon born and raised in japan by filipino parents .  parents deported after years of living in country .  schoolgirl says she will stay , meaning she may not see parents until she 's 1 .
 family : no signs of long-term drinking in driver in fatal crash <sec> autopsy shows no signs of heavy alcohol use , investigator for driver 's family says .  investigator says diane schuler not known as heavy drinker .  schuler , 7 others killed in head-on collision as she drove wrong way on parkway .  schuler had high levels of alcohol , marijuana in system during crash , officials sa .
 united airlines plane makes emergency landing in nebraska <sec> a fuel leak forces the plane to land in omaha .  flight 788 is en route from san francisco to bosto .
 tribesmen kill 5 yemeni soldiers , officials say <sec> new : the suspects were tribesmen , not al qaeda , officials now say .  the attack took place at a military checkpoint , security officials say .  the gunmen sped away unharmed .  shabwa province is known as an al qaeda stronghol .
 palestinian authority rebrands itself 'state of palestine ' after u.n. vote <sec> new : rebranding comes amid efforts to unify rival palestinian factions .  decree from mahmoud abbas renames palestinian authority as the `` state of palestine '' .  change comes after the u.n. upgraded the authority 's status to `` non-member observer state '' .  the authority had been classified as a `` non-member observer entity '' until the vot .
 lockerbie victims ' families : relief , anger <sec> relatives of those who died are still angry about bomber 's release .  `` it 's about time , '' says the mother of on pan am 103 victim .  another victim 's mother believes co-conspirators are still in liby .
 arrest made in body parts in suitcase killing <sec> police said tip led them to 59-year-old man .  mark andrus was booked for suspicion of murde .
 paying more for food ? blame the ethanol mandate <sec> kay mcdonald : expect the price of meat , eggs and dairy products to go up .  mcdonald : america 's policy of diverting corn to ethanol production is causing high prices .  she says if we must have an ethanol mandate , then we should cut the level by half .  mcdonald : better still , scrap the national ethanol mandate and let each state decid .
 is white house overselling impact of bin laden 's death ? <sec> is president obama 's team exploiting osama bin laden 's death for political purposes ? .  david gergen says the answer is yes , but other presidents have done similar things .  he says the real question is whether the world is safer after bin laden is gone .  gergen : other militant islamists are active ; pakistan 's nuclear arsenal is worrisom .
 charges to be dismissed against police officer in midwest shootings <sec> police officer will be freed in illinois and indiana shootings .  analysis of computer shows he was at home at the time of crimes .  one person was killed and three wounded in shootings south of chicag .
 french pm promises justice in jewish cemetery attack <sec> 5 teens in custody ; one says attack not anti-semitic , prosecutor says .  prosecutor : about 250 headstones were overturned , columns uprooted .  this is third time since 1988 cemetery was targeted , according to af .
 when a mammogram is n't enough <sec> if breast cancer runs in your family , get a mammogram and an mri .  consider getting an ultrasound or an mri if your breasts are considered dense .  ask the person who performed the mammogram for a copy of the radiology repor .
 it 's a girl for heidi klum and seal <sec> heidi klum and seal have confirmed their daughter was born friday .  the couple named her lou sulola samuel .  she has three siblings : henri , johan and leni .  seal said when lou sulola was born , it was `` endless love at first sight . .
 no evidence global warming spawned twister <sec> expert : moore tornado likely would have happened regardless of global warming .  science has stronger support for connection between climate change and drought , heat wave .  more research and discussion is needed about future warming and storm .
 komen 's blow to planned parenthood and women <sec> susan g. komen breast cancer group ends funding for planned parenthood .  laura stepp : planned parenthood says komen has caved to anti-abortion pressure .  abortion foe recently named komen 's senior vice-president for policy , she says .  stepp believes this decision hurts women who can not pay for breast cancer exam .
 arab world scrutinizing events in iran <sec> arab world has closely watched as events in iran have unfolded over past week .  relations between iran and arab states have always been tense .  egypt , morocco accuse iran of trying to spread shiite faith among its sunni population .  some arab states look to iran as a regional superpower that can support the .
 holder 's legacy stretches from guantanamo to ferguson <sec> attorney general eric holder is set to resign when a replacement can be confirmed .  he has become known as an `` activist '' attorney genera .
 eco-industry park promotes shared vision <sec> sustainable industries park in uk capital encourages green investment .  businesses on site to share material by-products , water and energy .  `` industrial symbiosis '' improves the environment while also maximizing profit .
 aids activists arrested after hoisting banner near u.s. capitol <sec> demonstrators erect a banner near the capitol reflecting pool .  they want a tax on billionaires to raise money to fight hiv/aids .  taking down the structure they erected takes cooperatio .
 gps should be fair game in police probes <sec> should law enforcement need a warrant before planting a gps tracking device on a car ? .  no , the supreme court ought to decide that they should not , says amitai etzioni .  in this case , our need for security outweighs privacy concerns , he says .  cops have already been tracking suspects in public places for a century , etzioni say .
 computer problem blamed for missile site malfunction <sec> one launch control center for the nation 's nuclear missiles is offline .  the problem began over the weekend .  the united states has 450 land-based intercontinental ballistic missile .
 rights groups accuse sudan of 'indiscriminate ' bombings <sec> rights groups : at least 26 people have died in the airstrikes in the south kordofan state .  sudanese president omar al-bashir has rejected the findings in the past .  rights groups : the attacks started in june , and have forced more than 150,000 to flee their home .
 workers urged : go home and multiply <sec> japanese electronics maker canon encourages workers to have more babies .  japan 's birthrate of 1.34 is below 2.0 needed to maintain its population .  country 's population is also aging faster than any other in the worl .
 police identify suspect in california synagogue bombing <sec> suspect is a transient who is extremely dangerous , police say .  the bombing occurs at a synagogue in santa monica , california .  the blast did not injure anyone but damages the synagogu .
 iraq : gunmen kill elderly christian couple inside their baghdad home <sec> attackers shot dead an elderly christian couple sunday in their home , an iraqi official says .  the attack was the latest in recent months targeting christians in iraq .  the official says 5 of 15 responsible for 3 major attacks remain at large .  iraq 's prime minister assures an italian minister the attackers will be `` severely punished .
 chinese ships reach vietnam to extract thousands of citizens after deadly attacks <sec> beijing has laid claim to most of the south china sea .  a chinese ship sets off with nearly 1,000 evacuees on board , xinhua says .  anti-chinese protests in vietnam descended into deadly violence last week .  the unrest was provoked by china moving an oil rig into disputed water .
 jobs act a win for startups and economy <sec> amy wilkinson says jobs act is a win for small business , bipartisanship , economic growth .  `` crowdfunding '' allows startups to raise small amounts of money from many sources , she says .  wilkinson : business owners have more flexibility to decide when to go public , less red tape .  we need more foreign-born entrepreneurs , she says , and small- and big-business partner .
 feeding the youngest famine victims <sec> magnus macfarlane-barrow , a 2010 cnn hero , is helping to save lives in the horn of africa .  his nonprofit , mary 's meals , is providing food for 24,000 children a day .  macfarlane-barrow : `` we have a real crisis , a real situation of life and death .
 the paradise where nadal finds peace <sec> rafael nadal has shunned the chance to leave his island home of mallorca .  world number three will miss this month 's u.s. open with knee problems .  spaniards admits he has grown to live with his fame despite being shy .  his uncle and coach toni backs rafa to fight back from his latest setback .
 former cia agent gives take on 'taken 2 ' <sec> liam neeson returns as former cia operative bryan mills in `` taken 2 '' .  melissa boyle mahle was a covert operative for 16 years .  `` espionage , by its very nature , is a mind game , '' mahle say .
 cnn student news - october 27 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 serena williams tries to move on from uproar over outburst <sec> tennis star 's obscenity-laced tirade at the u.s. open stays in the spotlight .  she 's fielding questions about it as she promotes new book .  williams says she was `` in the moment '' and does n't remember all that was said .  her young fans can now see `` she 's human , she made a bad decision , '' she say .
 global warming threatens forests , study says <sec> forests in the pacific northwest are dying twice as fast as they were 17 years ago .  scientists blame warming temperatures for the trend , according to a new study .  data was gathered over a 50-year period at sites in the western u.s. and canada .  scientists : study confirms the harmful effects of rising temperatures on ecosystem .
 three killed in yemen car bomb blast <sec> car bomb explodes near yemeni oil ministry .  three people killed , five injured in the explosion .  security has been stepped up in sanaa in last few weeks .  two soldiers killed in bus blast last wee .
 georgia high school teacher accused of pursuing 'hit ' on student <sec> police accuse atlanta-area high school teacher of offering to pay one student to kill another .  attorney : the teacher had once asked the alleged target , 16 , whether he was gay .  attorney says the teacher , randolph forde , later threatened to punch the student .  forde was joking , and no name was passed , tv station quotes his attorney as sayin .
 american citizen being held in north korea , u.s. says <sec> a tour operator has been held in north korea for more than a month , u.s. officials say .  one of the tourists had a hard disk that aroused suspicion , south korean media report .  u.s. officials are saying little , citing privacy concerns , a state department spokeswoman say .
 'only god is responsible for making more stars than dick clark ' <sec> dick clark suffered a heart attack at a hospital in santa monica , his publicist says .  clark hosted `` american bandstand '' from 1956 to 1989 .  as host of `` american bandstand , '' clark bridged racial and political divides .  he was dubbed `` america 's oldest living teenager '' thanks to his youthful appearanc .
 previous wikileaks release forced tighter security for u.s. military <sec> document security reviewed after previous wikileaks disclosures .  pentagon says new safeguards make leaks `` much more difficult '' .  troops got more access to classified documents after 9/11 attack .
 serena ready for 'ultimate challenge ' after crushing sharapova 's no . 1 bid <sec> world no . .  1 serena williams beats maria sharapova in final to retain madrid title .  american notches up 50th win of her career , becoming the 10th woman to do so .  williams is hoping to win the french open for the first time since 2002 .  rafael nadal wins the madrid men 's title for the third tim .
 countries introduce gender-neutral policies for transgender community <sec> india has given a third-gender status to transgender people , recognizing them as citizens .  india and australia are the latest countries who provide a 'third gender ' option in legal documents .  petition launched in the u.s. is demanding legal recognition for 'non-binary genders ' .  same-sex marriage continues to be illegal in several countries , including many asian countrie .
 vettel claims formula one world title after abu dhabi triumph <sec> sebastian vettel becomes youngest-ever f1 world champion .  red bull ace takes title after winning title deciding race in abu dhabi .  fernando alonso sees his hopes disappear after finishing seventh .  mclarens of lewis hamilton and jenson button take second and thir .
 the mystery of freaky phobias <sec> phobias are no . .  1 psychiatric illness in women , no . .  2 in men older than 25 .  phobia : `` excessive and unreasonable fear of a specific object , place or situation '' .  afflicts 19 million people in u.s. , says anxiety disorders association of america .  avoidance is no substitute for treating phobias , expert say .
 would hillary clinton inherit obama voters ? ( opinion ) <sec> david love : the former secretary of state would need to woo african-american voters to turn out in big numbers for 2016 .  memories of the bitter 2008 battle with barack obama still linger , he write .
 why is facebook co-founder now in singapore ? <sec> eduardo saverin , co-founder of facebook , moved to singapore in 2009 .  recently renounced his u.s. citizenship and is a now a permanent singapore resident .  saverin 's spokesman denies the move was done for tax reasons .  spokesperson : asian investments `` made the most sense ... to use singapore as a home .
 israel , hamas agree to temporary cease-fire <sec> new : the proposed period of calm is expected to last five hours thursday .  deaths of four children in gaza camp a `` war crime , '' hamas official says .  israeli officials say they 're investigating , but never intentionally target civilian .
 dalai lama : china makes life 'hell on earth ' for tibetans <sec> dalai lama : `` untold suffering and destruction '' brought to tibet under chinese rule .  beijing accuses dalai lama of causing conflict , seeking independent tibet .  dalai says he seeks autonomy for region , not independence .  tuesday marks 50th anniversary of failed uprising in tibet against chinese rul .
 opinion : bergdahl 's release : motives , mistakes and excuses <sec> gloria borger : many of the questions surrounding bergdahl swap are answerable .  but she says it 's hard to understand why there was a rose garden announcement .  should susan rice have said he served with `` honor and distinction '' ? .  borger : obama 's decision to pull out of afghanistan may have dictated swa .
 top cities for international tourists are ... <sec> asia pacific cities hold six of the top 10 spots and 32 of the top 100 .  hong kong 's top ranking is largely due to large tourist numbers from mainland china .  euromonitor predicts china will be the largest source of international departures by 201 .
 mexico 's ruling party picks woman as presidential candidate <sec> josefina vazquez mota will compete in the july 1 election .  being a woman is a `` competitive advantage , '' she says .  the former education secretary and congresswoman faces a tough political battle .  mexico 's president has been mired in a controversial war on drug cartel .
 u.n. sued for 'bringing cholera to haiti , ' causing deadly outbreak <sec> lawsuit in u.s federal court accuses u.n. of gross negligence and misconduct .  thousands of haitians died of cholera in 2010 , on the heels of a devastating earthquake .  it was determined that sewage leaking from a u.n. base contributed to the outbreak .  secretary-general has said the u.n. has legal immunity , by international conventio .
 five stunning oregon hiking spots <sec> devil 's punch bowl , near depoe bay , features dramatic water displays .  enjoy a scenic two-mile jaunt around fort stevens ' coffenbury lake .  humbug mountain , near port oxford , rises 1,756 feet over the pacifi .
 mexican comic-book character called racist <sec> wal-mart pulls popular mexican books after shopper complains .  memin pinguin has been cherished in mexico for generations .  characters ' features insult blacks , say activist and shopper .  stories teach valuable lessons about life , defender maintain .
 14 killed in algeria bomb blast <sec> bomb victims waiting for presidential visit .  blast went off 15 minutes before president 's arrival .  algeria faces islamic insurgency .  al qaeda-affiliated group claimed july attack .
