 cnn student news - september 11 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 koolhaas rewrites script with blockbuster buildings <sec> dutch architect rem koolhaas says his greatest achievement is the cctv building in beijing .  the 54-floor tower houses 10,000 workers in two adjoining towers , took 10 years to complete .  koolhaas : rome pantheon is `` box of tricks '' that `` transports you to another world .
 fired-up nadal faces murray in semis ; djokovic sets up federer clash <sec> rafael nadal defeats tomas berdych to reach semifinals and eliminate the czech .  world no . .  1 will on saturday play andy murray , who was runner-up in group b .  world no . .  3 novak djokovic beats andy roddick in friday night 's final group a tie .  serbian won in straight sets to earn last-four clash with roger federer on saturday evenin .
 impotence drugs may increase risk for sudden hearing loss <sec> fda requiring label changes for viagra , levitra , cialis and revatio .  labels must clearly display potential risk of sudden hearing loss .  fda says all manufacturers have agreed to change their labels .  there are about 4,000 new cases of sudden hearing loss in the u.s. each yea .
 women in iran march against discrimination <sec> women have been strikingly noticeable in street demonstrations .  many hope the protests will lead to changes in gender discriminatory laws .  iranian women have been slowly building a movement for greater right .
 golfer fabrizio zanotti taken to hospital after hit by ball <sec> paraguay 's fabrizio zanotti goes to hospital after being hit on head by ball .  he was on the 16th fairway when struck by the shot of france 's alexandre kaleka .  play had to be suspended in the first round of the klm open in the netherlands .  zanotti earlier this year became the first paraguayan winner on the european tou .
 woman checks old lottery ticket , wins $ 10 million <sec> student finds old lottery ticket left to languish in drawer , wins $ 10 million .  unclaimed prize made headlines in western australia , win solves mystery .  ticket had been due to expire after 12 months , the winner claimed after 10 .  anonymous winner : `` it 's nice to have this much to fulfill my dreams .
 five facts to calm plane crash fears <sec> flying fears may be intensified by video that appears to capture a cargo plane crash .  remember that conditions for cargo flight in afghanistan are n't routine for passenger flights .  dramatic visuals may evoke instinctive responses that amplify a small threa .
 england football captain terry enters not guilty plea in racism case <sec> new : the trial date is set so far in the future because of terry 's football commitments .  new : he is `` shocked and disgusted '' by the accusation , his lawyers say .  the case stems from comments the chelsea footballer allegedly made to anton ferdinand .  racist taunts , alleged and proven , have dogged english football for year .
 3 mexican officers killed in acapulco <sec> attacks came 2 days after ferocious street gunbattle that left 18 people dead .  2 soldiers , 16 suspected gang members killed ; 9 soldiers wounded saturday .  five people arrested in connection with shootout ; authorities seize weapons .  mexican soldiers , in trucks and helicopters kept watch over acapulco on monda .
 toyota chief vows to regain customer trust <sec> the president of toyota said he takes full responsibility for safety issues .  toyoda : 'i ... the one on the very top , should be responsible for this ' .  on hearing : 'not confident to what degree our sincerity was conveyed .
 who is doing what in the coalition battle against isis ? <sec> france has begun reconnaissance flights over iraq , its defense ministry says .  saudi foreign minister : there is `` no limit to what the kingdom can provide '' in fight .  at u.s. request , australia is deploying aircraft to aid in battle against terror group .  british pm says defeating isis is `` about working with others .
 who you gon na call ? new york reinvents the pay phone <sec> new york holding contest to reinvent the city 's public phone booths .  six finalists selected with a winner to be announced on march 15 .  entries include devices powered by solar panels and others that collect environmental data .  other cities around the world have also introduced new pay phone concepts in recent year .
 interior 's ken salazar stepping down <sec> salazar is a former u.s. senator from colorado .  he led the administration 's reaction to the 2010 gulf spill and explosion .  salazar made strides in renewable energy , forging better relations with native american .
 obama finally gets his moment - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama finally declares victory over economic recovery .  promises 'smarter ' war policy after getting troops home .  reminds republicans he won two election .
 commentary : why we grieve for michael , farrah <sec> bregman : deaths of michael jackson and farrah fawcett touched many deeply .  he says we identify with the vulnerability of people with fame and talent .  bregman : as we grieve , we 're reminded of a part of our lives that is gone foreve .
 medical evacuations of haitians set to resume <sec> evacuation flights to u.s. to resume monday morning , aid group says .  flights were temporarily halted wednesday over logistical issues , white house says .  some hospitals lacked space to care for influx of haitian patients .  questions have also been raised about who will pay for their car .
 why life through google glass should be for our eyes only <sec> google glass spectacles could offer tech giant new ways of harvesting data , says andrew keen .  keen argues that glass raises further concerns over the way google treats our private data .  wearing spectacles that record our every move could be the end of privacy as we know it , he say .
 w.h . to launch 'aggressive sales job ' on executive action <sec> white house senior adviser dan pfeiffer spoke at a christian science monitor breakfast friday .  he said the administration is planning an `` aggressive '' pitch of the president 's plans on immigration .  pfeiffer hinted that obama will be pursuing other ways to maximize his final two years in offic .
 home search is about missing artwork , alleged mobster 's lawyer says <sec> authorities search the home of alleged mobster .  an attorney for robert gentile said it 's the second time authorities have scoured the man 's home . .  the infamous 1990 art heist resulted in the theft of iconic pieces from rembrandt and dega .
 let 's have the conversation about race <sec> ruben navarrette : a debate broke out over race and oklahoma killing .  he says people raised race in the wake of the national debate over zimmerman case .  in both cases , it 's unknown if the victims were targeted because of race , he says .  navarrette : the media needs to avoid tailoring its reporting to political or social goal .
 russia 's putin has chilly reception at g20 in australia <sec> world leaders are in australia for the g20 summit .  russian leader vladamir putin is getting a chilly reception .  reports that russian troops and heavy weapons are being sent to eastern ukrain .
 mother and baby survive near-death experiences <sec> mother tracy hermanstorfer 's heart suddenly stops as she is in labor on christmas eve .  doctors battle to revive her , do c-section to deliver baby coltyn , limp with faint pulse .  both are revived ; tracy 's husband mike goes from grief to joy in minutes .  tests being done to determine why healthy mom suffered cardiac arres .
 sanford police chief fired in wake of trayvon martin case <sec> martin family lawyer : `` we 've continued to move closer to justice '' .  city manager cites `` escalating divisiveness '' in sanford .  the former police chief drew criticism for not charging george zimmerman .  911 tapes show trayvon martin 's father did not know of his son 's fate the next da .
 mexico drug fighter killed after less than a day on job <sec> new : retired general tortured before being killed , prosecutor says .  new : retired gen. mauro enrique tello quiñonez shot 11 times , paper reports .  new : former general , 63 , moved to cancun area just weeks ag .
 russia police find pussy riot slogan at murder scene <sec> new : lawyers for pussy riot condemn the murders , say the band backed peaceful protest .  investigators : the words `` free pussy riot '' are scrawled on a wall above two murder victims .  the bodies are those of a 76-year-old woman and her daughter , investigators say .  three members of the punk band pussy riot were sentenced to prison terms this mont .
 'safe-list ' travelers get fast track through airport security <sec> precheck scheme gives some u.s. flyers fast track through airport security .  eligible travelers submit to one-off security screening ahead of time , avoiding standing in line .  more than half a million people have already used the scheme , says ts .
 obama follows clinton 's path but hopes for a different ending <sec> bill clinton , obama both made health care their signature issue .  both accused of backtracking from their original goals .  obama at an advantage because lawmakers are n't facing re-election -- yet .  clinton says it 's `` politically imperative '' for dems to pass a bill no .
 linguist deems obama 's speech a winner <sec> linguist says obama 's speech was on seventh- or eighth-grade level .  that 's lower than king , reagan speeches .  speech was optimistic and forward-looking , expert says .  lack of 9/11 reference was significant change in tone , linguist say .
 raha moharrak : first saudi woman to conquer everest and taboos <sec> raha moharrak , 27 , is the first saudi woman to conquer everest .  she is also the youngest saudi to reach the top of the world .  saudi arabia only officially allowed sport to be played in private girls ' schools in may .  moharrak 's first challenge was convincing her conservative father to agre .
 wine ban forces georgia 's ancient vineyards to branch out <sec> georgia is thought to be the world 's oldest wine producing area .  history of wine-making stretches goes back over 8,000 years .  russian embargo on georgian wine since 2006 initially hit industry hard .  many producers have improved quality and looked for new market .
 10 stories to make you proud to be american <sec> hard times brought out the best in americans this year .  here are 10 stories that might make you feel a little prouder to be an american this july 4th .  share your moments of american pride with us on cnn living on facebook and twitte .
 authorities remove charlie sheen 's sons from his house <sec> sheen allegedly threatened mueller over the weekend .  sheen tells nbc 's `` today '' show he will fight to get his sons back .  his estranged wife filed a restraining order alleging that sheen was abusive .  cbs halted production of his sitcom last wee .
 gadhafi family members in algeria , ambassador says <sec> new : a u.s. official says the gadhafi kin are believed to be in algerian custody .  algeria allowed the gadhafi relatives entry on humanitarian grounds , diplomat says .  the 3 gadhafi children in algeria are named in a u.n. security council travel ban .  a rebel spokesman says the ntc wants them returned to liby .
 what are teratoma tumors ? <sec> teratomas of the brain are very rare tumors -- less than 1 % of all brain tumors .  `` mature '' teratomas sometimes contain highly developed tissues like teeth and hair .  `` teratoma '' comes from the greek word `` teraton , '' meaning `` monster '' .
 top u.s. diplomat to visit north korea 's neighbors <sec> new : the u.s. and south korean defense ministers talk by phone , a spokesman says .  assistant secretary for east asian and pacific affairs kurt campbell will make the trip .  he 'll arrive in china , then go to south korea and japan .  it is the first such visit since the death of north korean leader kim jong i .
 two jets land safely after fire outbreaks <sec> jetstar flight 20 was en route from osaka to australia 's gold coast ; is airbus a330 .  separate american airlines boeing 767 also has forced landing after fire breaks out .  no injuries reported on that flight ; passengers take replacement plan .
 chelsea maintains premier league lead after late winner <sec> chelsea defeats everton 1-0 at home thanks to a goal deep in injury time .  chelsea rebounds after a loss in the fa cup and draw in the league .  chelsea still leads arsenal by a point and manchester city by three atop the table .  arsenal routs sunderland 4-1 and manchester city edges stoke city 1- .
 jet-powered ford guns for 300 mph <sec> a texas man has outfitted a 1939 ford with a jet engine he hopes will make it go more than 300 mph .  nicknamed the `` hemi jet , '' it fires up this weekend at the houston autorama .  the car has a chrysler engine , a chevrolet drivetrain and a ford body .  owner joe wilkins plans to run it flat-out someday at the bonneville salt flats in uta .
 doctor convicted of murder in abortion case gets life in prison <sec> new : the convicted doctor is at peace knowing now `` what his fate is , '' his lawyer says .  kermit gosnell , 72 , was convicted monday on three counts of first-degree murder .  he gives up his right to appeal in exchange for avoiding a possible death sentence .  a jury also found him guilty of involuntary manslaughte .
 opinion : reviving detroit from the ground up <sec> john bare says nonprofits in detroit saw an opportunity to spark the economy .  he says that by bringing together key stakeholders , jobs were created , projects launched .  organizations saw that together , their massive size would provide opportunities , he say .
 what to watch for in final season of 'true blood ' <sec> `` true blood '' begins its seventh and final season sunday night .  hit hbo show has dealt with relationship between humans , vampires and other creatures .  final season should wrap up a number of story line .
 the greatest football team : spain 2012 vs. brazil 1970 ? <sec> many observers have labeled spain the greatest team in the history of the game .  spain have won three major successive international tournaments . .  brazil 's 1970 world cup winning team won all six games in mexico .  jairzinho scored in every match of the 1970 world cu .
 opinion : what led to choke hold death <sec> errol louis : death of eric garner at hands of nypd shows old police strategy that does n't work .  why such force used on man illegally selling cigarettes ? .  roots are in bratton 's first tenure .  louis : it 's an approach from '80s . .  tackling `` quality of life '' crime brought crime rate down .  louis : nypd must take new look at how crime enforced in a much safer city in 201 .
 sebastian vettel quickest in subdued atmosphere at suzuka <sec> sebastian vettel fastest in practice for japan gp .  red bull driver edges out teammate mark webber in friday 's timesheets .  fernando alonso only 10th for ferrari in afternoon session .  vettel can clinch fourth straight f1 title sunda .
 prosecute the white house gate-crashers <sec> the white house said an uninvited couple crashed the state dinner .  ed rollins says the incident was a disgrace and is n't a laughing matter .  he says the secret service must be held accountable for the lapse .  rollins says the couple should be charged criminally and jailed if convicte .
 uruguay marijuana move : why 2014 will redefine global drugs debate <sec> uruguayan lawmakers vote to legalize marijuana .  international community heading for `` drug war '' showdown , says john collins .  collins : in past few years global drugs consensus has unraveled .  move towards `` impact reduction '' will be more effective , he add .
 could chrome overtake internet explorer in the browser wars ? <sec> google 's chrome browser continues to gain on market leader internet explorer .  analysts say chrome has 27 % of the browser market , trailing only ie at 37 % .  chrome 's rise is part of a two-front google vs. microsoft duel that includes web search .  gartner analyst : new ie9 may help slow chrome 's ris .
 denver paper latest victim of declining readership , ad revenue <sec> new : `` it 's in a free fall and nobody knows where the bottom is , '' media critic says .  new : as readers shift to online news , newspapers get by with layoffs , cutbacks .  rocky mountain news ' closure leaves denver with one major paper , the denver post .  scripps exec tells newsroom the economy , industry turmoil sealed paper 's fat .
 mafia suspect seized after sewer chase <sec> italian mafia suspect arrested after escape through sewer pipes .  setola is allegedly head of killing team run by the powerful casalesi clan .  tunnel found connecting to sewer system in the nearby town of casert .
 russia ups nuclear plans in iran as talks near deadline <sec> russia will build up to 8 new reactors in iran for `` atomic energy , '' state media says .  the announcement comes less than 2 weeks before the deadline in iran 's nuclear talks with the p5+1 .  it came a day after israel warned `` there is no moderation in iran '' .  washington vows iran wo n't get a nuclear bom .
 at least 7 dead in guatemala after protesters , security forces clash <sec> more than 30 others were hospitalized , most with bullet wounds , a hospital reports .  the protesters accuse security forces of opening fire .  guatemala 's president says the soldiers were not armed .  the protesters were expressing opposition to high energy prices , educational refor .
 study raises concerns over thinning antarctic glacier <sec> new study reveals openings that threaten huge glacier with warm water .  totten glacier is bigger and thinning faster than all the others in east antarctic .
 florida candidate challenges opponent 's political ad <sec> alan grayson 's district includes four central florida counties .  editing appears to have challenger dan webster saying opposite of what he intended .  it 's the second grayson ad in the last week to be questione .
 eight unforgettable ways 1968 made history <sec> 1968 remains arguably the most historic year in modern american history .  revered leaders such as martin luther king jr. and robert f. kennedy were assassinated .  north korea captured a u.s. ship ; olympic athletes raised fists in black power salute .  with the apollo 8 mission , for the first time in history humans orbited the moo .
 brazil 2014 : can the brazuca pump up the deflated world cup football ? <sec> the brazuca will be in the spotlight as the new world cup football for the 2014 tournament .  the ball is comprised of just six identical panels which are thermally glued together .  to avoid controversy of past world cup balls , adidas has rigorously tested brazuca .  science experts predict it will roll and travel through the air more consistentl .
 mystery follows mcafee to miami <sec> john mcafee says in miami that he had no choice in the destination .  the software company founder plans to keep criticizing belize 's government .  `` he opted to return to his country of origin , '' lawyer says .  mcafee 's request for asylum in guatemala was rejected after he fled beliz .
 saxo-tinkoff rider michael rogers suspended on doping charges <sec> australian cyclist michael rogers provisionally suspended by uci on doping charges .  the 33-year-old saxo-tinkoff rider has three world time trial titles to his name .  rogers is formerly of team sky and was a part of bradley wiggins ' tour de france win .  team sky jonathan tiernan-locke faces disciplinary proceedings on doping charge .
 poland 's new national soccer stadium opens with a bang <sec> the new national stadium in the polish capital of warsaw was opened on sunday .  poland and ukraine will host the forthcoming euro 2012 football tournament .  the national stadium will host the opening match between poland and greece on june 8 .  it will also be a semifinal venue , with poland set to play there for the first time on february 2 .
 aqap issues bounty for key yemen figures <sec> the value of the bounty in american dollars is about $ 774,000 .  al qaeda in the arabian peninsula wants a houthi leader and a former yemeni president killed or capture .
 gerard pique and shakira : power couple 'a normal family ' <sec> gerard pique plays football for spanish giants fc barcelona .  pique 's partner is pop star shakira , and they have a young son , milan .  the 26-year-old says the couple try to maintain a normal life amid the attention .  pique has won 19 domestic trophies and lifted the world cup with spain in 201 .
 sony hack shows america 's cyber-vulnerability ( opinion ) <sec> john mccain : sony hack is only one recent example of escalating cyber-attacks .  such attacks , some laid to china and russia , threaten u.s. interests , he says .  he says the administration and congress must develop a comprehensive cyber strateg .
 hot piece of land in hoboken at center of christie-zimmer dispute <sec> real estate in densely populated hoboken , new jersey , is big business .  a development is at the center of dispute between mayor , gov . .  chris christie 's office .  mayor dawn zimmer says the administration tied sandy relief money to land deal .  members of christie 's administration categorically deny zimmer 's accusatio .
 medics check 175 fliers after emergency landing <sec> a united flight returned to chicago shortly after takeoff .  175 passengers complaining of ear pain and nausea were checked out by medics .  no one was transported to a hospita .
