 dalai lama gives up political role , remains tibetan spiritual leader <sec> the dalai lama cedes political and administrative responsibilities .  the exiled tibetan parliament amends its charter to relieve the dalai lama of his political role .  the dalai lama remains tibetans ' spiritual figurehea .
 iraqis choking roads to kurdistan fear airstrikes , wanton violence <sec> iraqi civilians flee toward kurdistan region .  chaos as islamic militants scatter iraqi security forces .  government planes target isis with airstrike .
 baby seth dies ; he never got potentially life-saving organ transplant <sec> baby seth went to a north carolina hospital in hope of an organ transplant .  he became the focus of media reports when a medicaid provider denied coverage .  coverage was granted , but another complication prevented the surgery .  `` he was such a little fighter , '' his mother say .
 commentary : latinos should see gay marriage a civil right <sec> fernando espuelas : latino voters provided critical support for prop . .  8 .  he says the ban on same-sex marriage violates basic civil rights .  espuelas : by taking away rights , a minority group threatens its own libertie .
 michael jackson 's mom reported 'missing ' in ongoing family dispute <sec> new : a doctor examined katherine jackson `` under false pretenses , '' her lawyer says .  `` i have n't spoken with her in a week i want her home now , '' paris tweets .  `` mother is fine but is resting up in az , '' jermaine jackson tweets .  she has not called michael jackson 's three children in a week , the lawyer say .
 german court drops wwii oradour-sur-glane massacre case <sec> a court has thrown out a case against a man accused of taking part in a massacre in france .  ss troops killed 642 residents in the village of oradour-sur-glane in june 1944 .  cologne regional court said there was no doubt the massacre occurred .  but it said that it was unlikely the case against the pensioner , 89 , would be provabl .
 gop , do n't play politics with obama 's ambassador confirmation <sec> maria cardona : u.s. is on verge of losing a fierce advocate for democracy in latin america .  mari carmen aponte , ambassador to el salvador , is up for senate confirmation .  gop senators oppose her confirmation for petty political reasons , cardona says .  cardona : republicans should let aponte finish her vital work in el salvado .
 jet engine failures overseas prompt 'urgent ' ntsb recommendation here <sec> engines on four jet aircraft overseas failed during the past two years .  ntsb issues an `` urgent '' recommendation to increase inspections of the engines on u.s. aircraft .  at issue are general electric cf6-45/50 series jet engines , found on a small number of jets .  a ge spokeswoman says most of the engines are used on cargo plane .
 pop-top purses helping ugandan women start over <sec> sister rosemary nyriumbe , a 2007 cnn hero , is still making a difference in uganda .  her school is rehabilitating women who were abducted and raped during a long civil war .  one way the students make money is by the sales of women 's purses they make .  nyirumbe says a second school is now being built close to the sudan borde .
 kesha accuses dr. luke of abuse ; he sues back <sec> kesha 's lawsuit claims dr. luke sexually , physically and verbally abused her .  dr. luke 's lawsuit accuses kesha of extorting him with false allegations of abuse .  kesha was 18 when she signed a recording deal with dr. luke in 2005 .  the singer 's suit demands she be released from her recording contrac .
 george jones ' funeral to be open to public <sec> a public funeral for george jones will be held thursday .  the service will take place at nashville 's grand ole opry .  jones died last week at 8 .
 coalition : attacks in afghanistan leave more than 30 insurgents dead <sec> thirteen would-be suicide bombers killed in simultaneous assaults on military bases .  the attacks were in khost province , a volatile region on afghanistan 's border with pakistan .  isaf previously said more than 20 insurgents were killed in the fightin .
 greenland , antarctica ice melt speeding up , study finds <sec> the loss of greenland and antarctic ice is speeding up , scientists find .  the study gives the clearest picture of polar melting to date , the lead author says .  the ice sheets have added about 11 mm to global sea levels since 1992 .  greenland is losing ice five times faster than it was in the 1990s , the study find .
 lawyer keeps hated criminals off death row <sec> judy clarke is considered the nation 's foremost expert in defending capital cases .  she has helped keep susan smith , ted kaczynski and jared loughner off death row .  clarke has been appointed to defend boston marathon bomb suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev .  tsarnaev has been charged with using a weapon of mass destructio .
 facebook clarifies changes to its terms of use <sec> facebook unveils , and explains , proposed changes to its terms of use .  post says that the way user data is collected and shared will not change .  announcement comes as facebook is preparing its wall street public stock offerin .
 police : mother who drove into ocean with children accused of attempted murder <sec> `` she actually told them to close their eyes and go to sleep , '' sheriff says .  ebony wilkerson is charged with three counts of attempted first-degree murder .  she 's also charged with three counts of aggravated child abuse .  witnesses say she drove into surf , struggled with rescuers trying to free her childre .
 'suicide tourism ' to switzerland has doubled <sec> `` suicide tourism '' describes the act of traveling to another country for assisted suicide .  between 2008 and 2012 , 611 people went to switzerland to commit suicide .  more than half of these were women , many had neurological disorder .
 skypods : are gondolas the next big thing in urban transport ? <sec> an urban gondola 10.7 kilometers in length is being designed and built in the bolivian city of la paz .  medellin , rio de janeiro and caracas have already installed similar structures as modes of mass city transportation .  those behind the la paz project hope it will reduce traffic congestion and connect some of the city 's poorest area .
 jubilant chelsea parade champions league trophy <sec> chelsea parade the champions league trophy through southwest london .  the blues beat bayern munich on penalties for their first ever champions league win .  chelsea captain john terry leads players and fans in chant of `` champions '' .  bayern fans in disbelief after seeing team waste chances to win in their home stadiu .
 birmingham move out of relegation zone after draw <sec> everton hit back from going a goal behind to earn a 1-1 draw with birmingham .  john heitinga levels with a superb strike after jean beausejour put birmingham ahead .  the result lifts birmingham out of the bottom three into 17th in premier leagu .
 yemeni man pleads guilty in pirate hijacking that killed 4 americans <sec> man pleads guilty to piracy for role in hijacking that left 4 americans dead .  mounir ali accepted a plea deal by u.s. district judge mark s. davis .  he is the 11th person to plead guilt .
 report : tsunami warning funds squandered in american samoa <sec> 34 people died in last month 's tsunami that smashed into american samoa .  dhs inspectors say funds for a warning system were improperly diverted .  investigators : some funds used to pay for flat screen tvs and trips to las vegas .  the results of this special investigation on ac 360° , 10 et tonigh .
 egyptian police crack down on demonstrators decrying protest law <sec> egyptian police use water cannon , tear gas to disperse two demonstrations .  some youth activists surrender to show solidarity with colleagues .  interior ministry says 28 people were detained `` in violation of the protest law '' .  some female detainees abandoned on a highway , witnesses , activists sa .
 diamond jubilee : boats to fill thames in colorful tribute to queen elizabeth ii <sec> the queen will be carried aboard a specially converted royal barge , draped in red and gold .  more than 1,000 boats of all shapes and sizes are taking part in the pageant on the thames .  large crowds are expected to line the riverbanks as they pass , despite a rainy forecast .  the river pageant is part of four days of celebrations for the queen 's diamond jubile .
 michael brown 's family to file lawsuit , attorney says <sec> attorney says jury in civil lawsuit will make decision based on lower burden of proof .  word of the lawsuit comes a day after justice department declines to charge darren wilso .
 riot of color as rio celebrates carnival <sec> parade of color during annual rio carnival in brazil .  dancers included seven-year-old julia lira , despite criticism that she was too youn .
 speaking out against cell service on planes <sec> the fcc is proposing lifting the ban on cell phone calls on airplanes during flights .  flight attendants and many passengers are against the idea for noise and safety reasons .  creating a quiet area is one possible way to appease both sides , but sound will still carr .
 some doubt hand washing stops h1n1 <sec> hand washing can reduce risk of catching a cold ; not as helpful against h1n1 .  h1n1 virus not stable on hand ; instead it thrives in droplets of water .  inhaling airborne particles , from cough or sneeze , results in a bigger dose of virus .  regardless , washing hands `` really is wonderful '' for preventing many disease .
 girl battling brain-eating amoeba continues to fight <sec> kali hardig , 12 , is in critical condition at arkansas children 's hospital .  amoeba causes fatal brain infection , according to the cdc .  parasite generally found in people who swim in warm , fresh wate .
 mark kelly : gun loophole makes no sense <sec> mark kelly : gun violence in the u.s. is out of control .  he says 2 million americans have failed gun background checks .  those who failed can buy guns at a gun show or online ; that makes no sense , he says .  kelly : majority of americans and gun owners support background checks for al .
 crimea 's vote : was it legal ? <sec> crimeans voted overwhelmingly to secede from ukraine , its leaders said .  russia says ukraine 's political upheaval negated constitution , so population free to vote .  the united states and its european allies say the vote was not legitimate .  the standoff resembles cold war tension .
 bolivian leader says assassination plot foiled <sec> assassination plot reportedly against president evo morales , other bolivian officials .  gunbattle breaks out when police move on suspects at hotel , vice president says .  three of gunmen killed , two arrested , official says .  gunmen believed to be involved in bombing catholic cardinal 's house , vp say .
 earthquakes reported near mammoth mountain volcano <sec> three dozen earthquakes in last 2 days near fresno , california .  swarms of earthquakes not uncommon in the region .  last swarm of earthquakes produced over 2500 between 1997-9 .
 twitching mystery patients show signs of recovery <sec> some of the high school girls are feeling better .  some students on antibiotics also improving .  the incidents occurred in the small new york town of lero .
 cdc director warns against ebola complacency <sec> cdc director dr. tom frieden has just returned from west africa .  he described seeing `` real progress '' in the countries fighting ebola .  but frieden warned that until there were no more cases , the world was at risk .  `` it 's going to be a long , hard fight , '' frieden sai .
 eight ( or more ) is enough for television success <sec> reality shows about large families bring big ratings for cable networks .  tlc is one that has found success featuring super-sized families .  buzz surrounds possible show featuring octuplet mom and her children .  expert : such large families offer `` freak show '' facto .
 too early to run obamacare victory lap <sec> the long-term impact of the affordable care act wo n't be measured for years .  there are still many variables that will determine the law 's success or failure .  one expert says it will all come down to whether lower premiums are delivered .  deductibles and customer satisfaction will also play into perception of whether it work .
 toy contaminated with 'date rape ' drug pulled <sec> new : distributor provides phone number for return and replacement .  children who swallow the beads can become comatose or have seizures .  toys are sold as aqua dots in the u.s. , as bindeez beads in australia .  three children were hospitalized in australia after swallowing large quantitie .
 monthlong protests show no sign of abating as rally enters times square <sec> new : new york police arrest 70 protesters , including 42 in times square .  new : two police officers are injured .  new : protesters are upset about corporate greed and the economy .  protesters , police report good relations in los angele .
 illness , missed emails save 15 from flight qz8501 <sec> it 's an act of god that her father got hepatitis , says woman who canceled her family 's flight .  her brother forget to check emails , and it made their family miss the plane , another says .  seven members of the two families who did not board qz8501 are children .  family members break down into tears when they hear the news of the missing plan .
 source : flight 370 's altitude dropped after sharp turn <sec> u.s. navy sending listening device to help find voice and data recorders if wreckage is found .  source : plane changed altitude , flying as low as 12,000 feet after making short turn .  schiavo : altitude information `` explains so many pieces that did n't fit together '' .  10 aircraft set to comb southern region for missing plane as search resumes monda .
 opinion : iran nuclear deal more important than deadline <sec> the latest nuclear talks between iran and the 5+1 countries failed to reach a deal .  alex vatanka says the november 24 deadline for an agreement is unlikely to be met .  issues are the size of iran 's nuclear program , timetable for sanctions removals , he says .  neither side wants to walk away , so the deadline must be extended , vatanka say .
 california governor signs bill requiring schools to teach gay history <sec> the bill is believed to be the first of its kind in the nation .  it will also require teachers to instruct on the role of people with disabilities .  `` history should be honest , '' gov . .  brown said in a statemen .
 'jurassic park ' actor charged in rape <sec> officials : the attack took place in 2008 when the girl was 13 .  thor played a small role in `` jurassic park .
 could mobile apps save local news ? <sec> new research shows news apps are competitive with twitter 's mobile app .  many hope that revenue from these apps might offset losses from print and broadcast news .  news apps are costly to make and maintain .  larger news organizations might profit from apps , but it 's doubtful that smaller newspapers wil .
 kennedy appears in senate , helps break republican filibuster <sec> new : sen. kennedy returns to congress on wednesday .  new : kennedy 's vote helps to break gop filibuster of medicare bill .  he was diagnosed with a cancerous brain tumor two months ag .
 insider guide to the most fashionable place on earth <sec> milan 's fashion quadrangle is packed with high-end brands and high-end people .  via montenapoleone is the main road , with the biggest boutiques .  via della spiga is a quieter alternative , silent , car-free and dream .
 mississippi supreme court again upholds pardons <sec> mississippi supreme court denies a bid to rehear a case on controversial pardons .  the latest decision is issued `` without comment , '' a court spokeswoman says .  critics say state rules and victims ' rights were violated by over 200 pardons in january .  but courts have consistently upheld the pardons , some of which went to convicted killer .
 amnesty report : indonesian domestic workers exploited in hong kong <sec> amnesty report claims indonesia , hong kong ignoring problem of unscrupulous recruiters .  says indonesian domestic workers being overcharged , underpaid with little or no recourse .  hong kong , indonesia say they 're committed to helping foreign domestic workers .  amnesty says huge fees prevent many workers from leaving abusive employer .
 travel websites adopt price forecasting <sec> last month , thesuitest became the first hotel booking site to launch a price forecaster .  the site is the brainchild of a goldman sachs analyst , and crunches millions of bits of data .  kayak and bing travel offer a similar feature for airfares , predicting if a price will rise or fall .  kayak taps into the billion-plus searches made on its site for its dat .
 how your body will be your password <sec> fingerprints are left everywhere and passwords can easily be hacked .  technology firm bionym have introduced a wristband that authenticates your heartbeat .  transactions will be fluid as devices , banks and stores will instantly recognize who you ar .
 austria braces for fritzl incest trial <sec> josef fritzl accused of keeping daughter captive for decades , on trial march 16 .  fritzl faces murder charge as one of 7 children he fathered by daughter died .  other charges include incest , rape , assault and involvement in slave trad .
 fire evacuees 'worried sick ' at qualcomm <sec> evacuees at san diego arena treated for nausea , worried about homes .  medic : `` a lot of people are watching tv here -- watching their homes burn '' .  navy medics step forward to offer services to some 12,000 wildfire evacuees .  medics describe conditions at qualcomm stadium as organized , cooperativ .
 will radar-rattling between asia 's powerhouses turn to conflict ? <sec> china-japan tensions escalated after incident between respective navies .  kingston : this is a militarized game of tag that could spark wider hostilities .  both sides continue to press their claim over the diaoyu/senkaku islands .  code of conduct in disputed seas could prevent armed miscalculation .
 father 's screed a wake-up call for permissive parents <sec> father nick crews wrote a scathing e-mail to his children about their failings .  when the e-mail became public , many people praised crews for his bravery and honesty .  others said he was too harsh and a parent should never speak to children so viciously .  cnn 's ronni berke said that though the letter was harsh , parents could learn from i .
 at & t vs. verizon iphone : pretty equal , except for those dropped calls <sec> verizon users reported just 1.4 percent of calls were dropped unexpectedly .  while at & t users reported a 4.6 percent rate of dropped calls .  if voice calls are a primary reason you use a smartphone , verizon is probably a better choic .
 pro-isis sympathies simmer in jordanian city <sec> black graffiti showing the isis flag trumpets support for isis in the streets of ma'an .  videos of small but vocal pro-isis demonstrations in ma'an have circulated on social media .  jordan 's government says it has arrested people who showed sympathy with isis .  the mayor of ma'an says lack of opportunity and marginalization are fueling grievance .
 navy pilots hospitalized after florida training crash <sec> new : two navy pilots are stable and in a hospital , navy says .  t-45c jet crashed near the end of the runway at naval air station pensacola .  two-seater was on a training fligh .
 faldo : tiger woods faces 'long road ' back <sec> nick faldo says that `` big '' question surrounding the future of tiger woods still remains .  nike releases statement confirming full support to woods and his family .  john daly 's twitter : `` the biggest major tiger is going to win now -- is to keep his family .
 legislators aim to snuff out penalties for pot use <sec> dea , white house say marijuana dangerous , has no accepted medical use .  decriminalization advocates say marijuana laws should mirror alcohol laws .  norml spokesman says marijuana user arrested in u.s. `` every 38 seconds '' .  hr 5843 would not affect laws on growing , importing , exporting marijuan .
 can candidates ' 'day 1 ' promises be met ? <sec> campaigns focus on using executive orders as a means to do something on the first day .  gingrich promises to eliminate all white house `` czar '' positions on his first day .  romney wants to start the elimination of obama-era rules that hurt the economy .  former presidential adviser says it is possible to get many orders , bills signed on day .
 opinion : does your child 's school have a security plan ? <sec> a gunman armed with an assault rifle attacked an elementary school in decatur , georgia .  john matthews : parents need to be proactive about their children 's school security plans .  he says an important question is : does the school regularly practice safety drills ? .  matthews : real-time practice scenarios are essential to a strong school safety pla .
 samsung profit soars to $ 6.6 billion record <sec> samsung 2012 q4 profit soars 76 % from year before .  share price slides as company predicts slower 2013 smartphone demand .  south korean tech giant cites price competition , new products as 2013 challenges .  samsung was largest vendor of smartphones in 2012 , shipping 213 million units worldwid .
 sochi 2014 : dutch skaters clean up ( again ) <sec> jorrit bergsma leads home fourth dutch 1-2-3 in speed skating .  vaultier of france wins snowboard cross two months after tearing ligaments .  tina maze of slovenia wins giant slalom as violinist vanessa mae finishes last .  russian men keep hockey dream alive with win over norwa .
