 is this the oldest wine in the world ? <sec> commandaria is recognised as the oldest named wine in the world .  the sweet wine has been grown in cyprus for over 5,000 years .  in 1191 , king richard the lionheart called it 'the wine of kings and the king of wines .
 with a trickle , not a flood , west virginia water restrictions ending <sec> new : water coming back , but `` i 'm not going to drink it for a while , '' resident says .  new : water company says 26,000 customers ok 'd for use .  about 300,000 west virginians have been without tap water since a thursday chemical spill .  chemical spilled into elk river from leaking storage tank near water treatment facilit .
 dubai to host golf 's richest event <sec> the european tour will feature the world 's richest golf event in dubai in 2009 .  the dubai world championship will have a prize purse of $ 10 million .  the tour 's order of merit money list will be renamed the 'race to dubai .
 cnn student news - april 7 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 feds : georgia banker missing , so is $ 17 million <sec> aubrey `` lee '' price is suspected of defrauding more than 100 investors of at least $ 17 million .  price , 46 , was last spotted in key west , florida , in mid-june .  federal investigators believe price , who owns property abroad , may be on the run .  he purportedly said in a letter he planned to commit suicide by `` jumping off a ferry boat .
 n.j. governor vetoes same-sex marriage bill <sec> gov . .  chris christie on friday vetoed the bill .  general assembly ok 'd the bill thursday ; senate approved the measure monday .  polling suggests new jersey voters are slightly in favor of legalizing such marriage .
 dozens dead after passenger vessels collide off hong kong <sec> new : impact was like hitting a rock or a lighthouse , a passenger says .  new : rescue workers continue to search for survivors near the stricken vessel .  death toll from the accident near lamma island rises to 36 , hong kong authorities say .  passengers thrown into water ; more than 100 people have been rescued so fa .
 freed 'west memphis three ' enjoy family , food , technology <sec> the `` west memphis 3 '' go free after entering new pleas in a 1993 murder case .  two go to a rooftop party , enjoy new freedom .  they were convicted of killing three west memphis second-graders in 1993 .  not everyone is convinced they are innocen .
 doors to civil rights group 's headquarters padlocked , welded shut <sec> action comes amid power struggle between factions claiming leadership of sclc .  the rev . .  markel hutchins : doors secured to keep current leadership out of the building .  sylvia tucker : conduct `` is the act of reckless individuals '' .  hutchins wants to lead sclc , claims to be on board ; tucker is sclc chairwoma .
 sporting upsets : how underdogs can have their day <sec> lukas rosol beat no . .  2 seed rafael nadal in five sets at wimbledon .  the czech world no . .  100 had only previously won 17 matches on the atp tour .  tennis coach pete mccraw believes success is down to mentality and self-belief .  jimmy connors and martina navratilova doubt rosol can build on his wi .
 milan edge out inter in italian super cup <sec> milan beat rivals inter 2-1 in close fought italian super cup match in beijing .  kevin prince boateng scores winner , after wesley sneijder had put inter ahea .
 central park jogger case brings $ 41 million settlement <sec> five men were wrongly convicted in the horrific attack on a jogger in 1989 .  they served years in prison before being exonerated .  the sensational case polarized new york city along racial lines .  in 2002 , a serial rapist and murderer confessed to the crime and said he had acted alon .
 picture this : man connects families to ancestors <sec> man returns found photos to families in his free time .  the property manager is also a history buff .  matt seppo : 'i just could n't throw them out .
 army : deaths of 3 at fort hood a possible murder-suicide <sec> bodies of a man , 43 , and his daughters , ages 9 and 4 , were discovered tuesday .  they were found in on-post housing at fort hood , authorities say .  `` early indications are the deaths are possibly the result of a tragic murder-suicide , '' the army said .  the three were dependents of a female soldier who recently returned from a deploymen .
 alarm over skills shortage in europe <sec> european industrialists warn a growing skills shortage threatens their competitiveness .  some of europe 's biggest manufacturers said engineers could be increasingly difficult to find in the future .  germany currently lacks 70,000 engineers , according to the vd .
 opinion : jason collins came out ; nba should let him play <sec> jeff pearlman : nba player jason collins came out in april and his move drew support .  collins has yet to be signed ; where did all that support go ? .  he grants collins ' game is off , but lesser players have been invited to training camp .  pearlman : nba missing chance to give collins ' courageous move the conclusion it deserve .
 organic by design <sec> mexican born product designer creates a radical concept for tackling climate change .  the nano vent skin would utilize nanotechnology to create organic wind turbines .  energy from the sun could also be harvested through organic photovoltaic ski .
 transcript : gop response to state of the union speech <sec> gov . .  bob mcdonnell of virginia responds to state of the union speech .  americans do n't want to turn health care over to government , he says .  mcdonnell : gop has serious concerns about obama 's terrorist polic .
 40 years after manson murders , a bid for parole <sec> susan atkins has admitted she stabbed pregnant actress to death .  she has been denied parole on 17 previous occasions .  atkins is said to have terminal brain cancer and just months to live .  she was denied compassionate release earlier this yea .
 waning andrea to dump heavy rain across east coast <sec> new : now a post-tropical cyclone , andrea was near raleigh , north carolina , at 5 p.m . .  flash flood watches extend up the east coast .  washington and new york are among the cities that may see andrea-related flooding .  forecast warns that rains and storm surges could cause problems in coastal area .
 groundhog sees shadow , more winter <sec> punxsutawney phil comes out of hole , sees his shadow .  prognosticating groundhog signals six more weeks of winter .  phil is correct 39 percent of the time , cnn meteorologist says .  but national oceanic and atmospheric administration says phil has `` no predictive skill .
 gadhafi 's son saadi apologizes to the people of libya <sec> libyan television aired a video of saadi gadhafi speaking from tripoli jail .  gadhafi 's son says he is being treated well , moves arms and smiles in video .  the conditions surrounding the release of the video are unclear .  human rights activists say they worry legal proceedings wo n't meet international standard .
 'jem and the holograms ' movie makes a date <sec> `` jem and the holograms '' is headed to theaters october 23 , 2015 .  the movie is based on the cult favorite cartoon series from the 1980s .  an online talent search was announced back in marc .
 china soul-searching after toddler 's death <sec> a 2-year-old toddler in china died after being hit by two separate cars .  video shows neither driver stopped to help , nor did 18 passersby .  incident has caused an uproar around china , as well as soul-searching .  `` there must be something wrong when it is considered risky to be a good samaritan .
 f1 : standings after german grand prix <sec> f1 leader lewis hamilton moves 14 points clear of mclaren teammate jenson button .  hamilton finishes fourth at german grand prix , with his fellow englishman fifth .  red bull 's mark webber and sebastian vettel locked on 136 points in third and fourth .  ferrari 's fernando alonso remains fifth overall despite his victory at hockenhei .
 boston bombing suspect 's lawyers seek to move trial to washington <sec> defense lawyers say it 's impossible to seat an impartial jury in massachusetts .  prosecutors say dzhokhar tsarnaev and his brother planted bombs at 2013 boston marathon .  tsarnaev has pleaded not guilty .  three people died and more than 200 were wounded in the attac .
 sean penn says quick action needed to fight cholera in haiti <sec> sean penn says he visited haiti over the weekend .  penn says he 's worried supplies may be stuck in bureaucracy and slow to reach patients .  the actor says his camp is preparing to treat patients with choler .
 jason collins ' no . 98 nets jersey the top-seller on nba.com <sec> nba veteran jason collins announced last april that he was gay .  after being out of work all season , he recently signed with the nets .  his brooklyn jersey is now the top-seller on the nba 's websit .
 west bank meeting canceled after israel bars envoys <sec> new : the palestinian foreign minister calls it `` a total israeli diplomatic failure '' .  new : israeli official : `` nothing constructive '' has ever come out of the group 's meeting .  foreign minister : envoys are from countries that have no diplomatic relations with israel .  palestinian officials are discussing alternative locations for the meetin .
 kentucky beats wisconsin , will face connecticut for ncaa title <sec> new : kentucky , connecticut to play for ncaa championship .  new : a record crowd of 79,444 watched the games .  the championship will be played monday night in arlington , texa .
 behind the smiling faces at the beach boys ' grammy museum opening <sec> beach boys near end of 50th anniversary tour .  two band members say they 'll be touring without the others .  brian wilson says he was hoping to keep making music with the whole grou .
 new york 5 pointz graffiti haven painted white <sec> new york graffiti exhibit 5 pointz painted white by building owners .  action marks end of efforts to save site visited by artists from throughout the world .  the warehouse owners plan to build high-end condos after razing sit .
 israeli soldier 's death raises toll from gaza conflict <sec> israeli soldier dies from injuries suffered in hamas conflict .  sgt . .  shacar shalev was critically injured in gaza fighting in late july .  death toll in israel reaches 68 ; more than 2,100 palestinians were kille .
 lea michele silent on 'devastating ' news of monteith 's death <sec> actress and co-star had been dating monteith for about a year .  michele 's reps ask that her privacy be respecte .
 what 's behind the instability in mali ? <sec> french forces are helping malian troops battle islamist rebels .  northern parts of mali are under the grip of islamist extremists .  militants have destroyed ancient shrines and banned music .  concerns grow that al qaeda-linked rebels will turn the area into a have .
 gang violence : what happens when you do n't die ? <sec> former gang members ray duggan and joel irizarry were paralyzed after being shot .  permanent disability and lifetime health care is their new reality . .  the cost of care is huge -- for the victims and society .  duggan and irizarry now work to help others make the right choice .
 cnn fact check : candidates positions on contraception ? <sec> obama touts mandate for free contraception coverage for women .  president alleges romney wants employers to decide who gets contraception through insurance .  romney says characterization is incorrect .  romney opposes mandate , saying it infringes on religious liberty , even with adjustments for some group .
 cops out of line in trooper-killing arrest ? ( opinion ) <sec> danny cevallos : some have questioned whether cops arresting eric frein out of line .  they used the slain officer 's handcuffs , his squad car , and held suspect at his barracks .  he says there 's long tradition of such symbolism . .  it 's no more of a statement than an arrest is .  cevallos , a defense attorney , says not likely it would be seen as prejudicing arrest , evidenc .
 one-time senate candidate accused of trying to have uncle killed <sec> thomas ken owens , 38 , tried to hire a hit-man to kill his uncle , authorities say .  the purported hit man was an informant , according to court papers .  the alleged intended victim was owens ' uncle , ernest widby , a pastor and bailiff .  owens ran unsuccessfully for the democratic nomination for u.s. senate in 201 .
 after bibles seized , u.s. group wo n't leave chinese airport <sec> 300 bibles found during an x-ray scan of group 's luggage .  it 's illegal in china to bring printed religious material for more than personal use .  china : christians free to worship in government-registered churches .  group members say they will not leave airport until bibles are returne .
 british authorities raid slaughterhouse over horse meat scandal <sec> new : national beef association calls for more specific labeling of meat products .  a firm called farmbox meats ltd. also is raided amid the scandal .  operations suspended at both facilities ; all remaining meat and firms ' files seize .
 quizzing the crew : josian heyerdahl <sec> josian heyerdahl will join the plastiki during the voyage .  apprehensive about sailing in stormy weather , but excited by the adventure .  the 26-year-old is inspired by her grandfather , thor heyerdah .
 suspected baby shooter 's sister arrested <sec> new : investigators looking into possibility of gang tie to shooting , police chief says .  another relative of de'marquise elkins is arrested on charges related to shooting case .  sabrina elkins , 19 , is charged with evidence tampering .  elkins and dominique lang are accused in antonio santiago 's march 21 deat .
 family , experts : ohio execution points to flaws in lethal injection <sec> `` this one was different , '' says witness to execution .  mcguire was convicted in 1994 for the rape and murder of 22-year-old joy stewart .  killer 's family say they will file suit next week to stop any such executions in the future .  lawyer questions whether they have the standing to do s .
 would jesus ok same-sex marriage ? ( opinion ) <sec> jay parini : some religions comfortable with same-sex marriage ; others still struggle .  he says pope changed things for catholics when he said of gays , `` who am i to judge ? '' .  scriptures ' meaning hard to divine in context of the day , parini says .  jesus ' words -- `` let anyone accept this who can '' -- seem in line with francis ' view , he say .
 chlorine gas disrupts 'furry ' convention near chicago <sec> chlorine gas forces the evacuation of a hotel hosting the midwest furfest .  guests dressed in animal costumes spill onto the streets .  19 people are treated and transported to area hospitals .  hazmat teams found the source in a stairwell ; authorities say it 's a `` criminal matter .
 militia leader may be tried on crimes against humanity , court rules <sec> court rejects appeal by bemba .  he is accused of leading his militia in attacks on civilians in the car for almost five month .
 al qaeda leader urges militants to find out who killed his syria rep <sec> syria has been engulfed in civil war since march 2011 .  some see the conflict as a sunni-shiite proxy war .  the al qaeda leader emerged to deplore the killing of his top representative in syri .
 several dead in bulgaria flooding <sec> floods swept through parts of the city ; rain continues .  more than double the average monthly rainfall falls in 48 hours .  slow-moving weather system has spawned tornadoes in italy , greece , and turkey .  a day of mourning has been declared ; at least 11 di .
 one day , u.s. and iranian president might shake hands <sec> ramin asgard says an obama-rouhani handshake turned out to be `` too complicated '' .  asgard : near-u.s.-iran presidential handshake in 1998 , but it was complicated then .  but diplomatic signs hopeful , he says , and obama and rouhani agree on key principles .  asgard : for the first time in decades , empowered bilateral diplomacy has a chanc .
 is 'dear ' dead ? <sec> bob greene : does the salutation `` dear '' have a place in modern correspondence ? .  in digital communication , especially texting , it 's formal , archaic , too intimate , he says .  but etiquette experts say it still important to correspondence , it 's impolite to be too casual .  greene : that may be true , but reality is fewer people use it ; it 's likely on its way ou .
 gruesome find : small bodies in abandoned storage unit <sec> a woman in colfax , california , wins an abandoned storage locker with a $ 40 bid .  when she and her son go through it , they find an ottoman sealed with tape .  when they unseal the ottoman , a strong smell prompts them to call sheriff 's deputies .  authorities find two small bodies ; detectives interview a woman thought to be the mothe .
 australia 's prime minister : flooding expected to rise in st. george <sec> new : gillard says $ 4 million has been allocated , but hundreds of millions more are needed .  flooding recedes in rockhampton but could still peak in st. george .  parts of eastern australia are forecast to get above-average rainfall until march .  queensland official : the repair could take months or years to complet .
 panel : olympus management 'rotten to the core ' <sec> new : olympus board will appoint a panel to decide on legal action against ex-executives .  an independent panel report said olympus corp. `` should remove its malignant cancer '' .  the panel detailed $ 1.7 billion of hidden losses from failed investments in the 1990s .  report : `` the management was rotten to the core , and infected those around it .
 u.n. probes alleged gas attack ; u.s. warns damascus <sec> strikes could be just one chapter in a long war , analyst says .  u.n. inspectors visit scene of reported poison gas attack .  kerry 's remarks indicate a strike is likely , expert says .  a vehicle used by u.n. inspectors was shot at multiple times , u.n. say .
 samsung galaxy s4 named top smartphone by consumer reports <sec> consumer reports names the galaxy s4 as top smartphone .  the previous number one phone was the lg optimus g , which is now no . .  2 .  magazine named s4 's screen quality and multitasking support as top feature .
 newlywed dies after base jump attempt in zion national park in utah <sec> a 28-year-old woman falls about 2,000 feet after her parachute fails to open properly .  she and her husband of two weeks had hiked up a mountain in zion national park .  he was unable to reach her and had to seek help from park authorities to recover her body .  she was an experienced base jumper , but the activity is illegal in the park , authorities sa .
 bubka : olympics can save a generation <sec> legendary pole vaulter sergei bubka says the olympics can save a generation .  bubka is bidding to become international olympic committee president .  he says sport can help children away from developing health problems .  bubka also says olympic sport must build on equality of london 201 .
 stop using hydroxycut products , fda says <sec> fda recalls hydroxycut products after 23 liver injuries and one death .  hydroxycut products used as popular dietary supplement for weight loss .  damage from product : liver failure , jaundice , seizures , cardiovascular problem .
 would a latino running mate help romney , republicans ? <sec> beyond marco rubio , other latinos could be mitt romney 's vice presidential pick .  govs . .  susanna martinez of new mexico and brian sandoval of nevada are possibilities .  republican presidential candidates have historically had bad luck courting latino .
 150 domain names shut down in probe of counterfeit goods <sec> `` many millions '' of dollars worth of counterfeit goods were being sold , officials say .  officials : most of the goods designed to rope in unwary consumers are from china .  assistant attorney general : `` we will not tolerate those who seek to profit by abusing the internet .
 special mementos left at arlington are in army 's painstaking care <sec> most fallen soldiers of current wars are buried in section 60 .  people leave personal mementos , including cans of beer and hot sauce .  army making effort to ensure the mementos do n't end up in tras .
 fda : vials contain fungus linked to meningitis outbreak <sec> the fungus has been found in 45 patients , cdc says .  agency says one more person has died from a noncontagious form of meningitis .  number of cases grows to 271 in 16 state .
 newsquiz : week of april 8 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
