 party official : saleh to return to yemen sunday <sec> president ali abdullah saleh took office july 17 , 1978 .  he was severely burned in an attack june 3 and had 8 surgeries in saudi arabia .  the president has refused to sign a deal that includes his removal from powe .
 apps to soothe holiday travel woes <sec> some travel apps make holiday travel more enjoyable -- whether in the air or on the road .  apps such as gateguru and tsawait provide services you can use in the airport .  cheap gas ! .  and sitorsquat pinpoint good locations for cheap gas and clean bathroom .
 'gossip girl 's ' chace crawford charged with pot possession <sec> crawford arrested early friday in hometown .  marijuana charge is a misdemeanor .  texas lawyer says jail time is rare in such case .
 amazon adding music streaming to prime <sec> amazon will offer free music-streaming on its prime service , report says .  service would be available by next month but limited to older songs .  amazon would join apple , google , others in crowded streaming-music fiel .
 'kill switch ' will come to u.s. phones in 2015 <sec> `` kill switch '' will become standard on smartphones in u.s. in 2015 .  the tech allows users to wipe and shut down their phones remotely .  apple , google and samsung are among those signed up .  many states may soon make such features mandator .
 despite government promises , protests over italian landfill continue <sec> the italian government promised to halt a second landfill near naples .  it also said it would analyze any hazards from a current landfill .  protesters continued their demonstrations .  six police officers were injure .
 cashing in the american dream to help aids orphans , those who raise them <sec> it 's estimated that 1.2 million children in uganda have lost a parent to aids-related illnesses .  jackson kaguri opened a school in his former village to help many of these children .  kaguri is also supporting area grandmothers who have been raising them .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2012 cnn heroe .
 nearly 700 killed in syria rebel infighting <sec> kerry says he 's confident syrian opposition will attend paris talks .  u.n humanitarian chief visits damascus , expresses concern for displaced persons .  activists say 697 people killed in nine days of rebel fighting .  al qaeda-affiliated isis forces battling free syrian army fighters , other faction .
 hong kong lawmakers debate minimum wage <sec> hong kong lawmakers are debating a new minimum wage .  hong kong currently has no minimum wage .  supporters say workers need it to avoid exploitation .  opponents do n't want the government to interfere in the free marke .
 pastor : wife of suspect in etan patz case 'absolutely shell-shocked ' <sec> rosemary hernandez visited her pastor after her husband 's arrest , the pastor says .  she was weeping and confused that pedro hernandez was accused of murder .  police say her husband confessed to killing etan patz , 6 , in 1979 .  the pastor asks church members to pray for the patz and hernandez familie .
 aussies strike more gold at commonwealth games <sec> australian swimmer alicia coutts claims her fourth gold medal of commonwealth games .  cyclist cameron meyer wins his third as australia race ahead in medals table .  three english swimmers claim second golds , but australia dominates in the pool .  hosts india have continued success in shooting and wrestling event .
 thai military : death toll rises in thai-cambodian clashes <sec> new : clinton says the united states is `` deeply concerned '' .  each side blames the other for the violence , which erupted near two temples .  thousands have been evacuated from nearby village .
 boateng hat-trick inspires milan fight back <sec> kevin-prince boateng hits 14-minute hat-trick for ac milan .  fastest serie a triple in 10 years .  milan come from three down to beat lecce 4-3 .  bundesliga leaders bayern munich lose at hannove .
 police : indianapolis man stole brains sold on ebay <sec> indianapolis man charged with theft of human brain samples from medical museum .  some jars of human tissue allegedly sold on on the auction site ebay .  buying or selling human organs is illegal and not allowed on eba .
 oprah : 'i 'm 100 % behind barack obama ' <sec> oprah winfrey says she is confident obama will be re-elected .  `` there 's not a person in the world who does n't know who barack obama is , '' she says .  winfrey is marking the graduation of the first students at the school she founded .  the school in south africa offers an education to girls from impoverished background .
 obama should ignore 'class warfare ' gibes <sec> president obama reportedly asked historians for defense vs. 'class warfare ' attacks .  zelizer : there 's no way for president to avoid conflict over the issue of inequality .  two democratic presidents -- fdr and lbj -- found different ways to raise the issue , he says .  zelizer : today 's economic stagnation increases the difficulty of addressing inequalit .
 'bikini ban ' slated for spanish island of mallorca <sec> proposed new law will ban the wearing of swimwear outside of bathing areas in mallorcan capital palma .  measure is part of wider campaign to crackdown on what is seen as anti-social behavior .  there are concerns that fines could be slapped on unsuspecting visitors , but many welcome the ba .
 mcconnell 's opponent connected to big donors , big hitters <sec> alison lundergan grimes is taking on senate rpublican leader mitch mcconnell .  she 's raising money and has the backing of the clintons .  the race is expected to be one of the most expensive during this midterm season .  mcconnell has a tough primary and grimes does not ; will that work against her , or for her .
 manchester united appoint louis van gaal as manager <sec> louis van gaal appointed as manager of manchester united .  the dutchman succeeds david moyes after he was sacked last month .  van gaal brought in to bring success back to the club after a difficult season .  he appoints ryan giggs as assistant , and welshman ends playing caree .
 lynyrd skynyrd keyboardist billy powell dies <sec> billy powell called 911 tuesday night complaining of chest pains , police say .  paramedics found him unresponsive and he was pronounced dead at the scene .  powell , 56 , survived 1977 plane crash that killed ronnie van zant and 5 others .  `` thanks for being you , '' one mourning fan writes on lynyrd skynyrd web sit .
 libyan rebels target gadhafi 's birthplace <sec> new : u.s. president obama makes his case for intervention in libya .  new : diplomats prepare to meet in london .  rebels enter gadhafi loyalist territory , then flee gunfire , they say .  libyan state television claims civilians are injured from sabha bombin .
 egypt 's former first lady set for heart surgery , hospital says <sec> a manager of the hospital in the resort town of sharm el-sheikh said she suffered a heart attack .  the incident occurred shortly after she was ordered detained for 15 days in a corruption case .  hosni mubarak was also questioned about his finance .
 butterfly boucher flies high with 'grey 's , ' fans ' support <sec> butterfly boucher 's new album , `` scary fragile , '' due out june 2 .  singer does n't fit neatly into categories , so she 's launching record herself .  she 's gotten help from `` grey 's anatomy , '' support of fans on internet .  yes , `` butterfly '' really is her nam .
 states tighten , loosen gun laws after newtown <sec> congress may have defeated gun bills , but states have been passing them .  at least five have tightened gun laws in the wake of newtown school massacre .  more than a dozen others have loosened them , while some are still pendin .
 lebanon : crowd attack u.n. peacekeepers <sec> crowd in southern lebanon throw rocks at u.n. peacekeepers injuring 14 .  peacekeepers were trying to check an explosion in the area .  ammunition stored in house caused blast due to temperature and humidit .
 would you pay $ 500k to go to lebron james ' birthday party ? <sec> miami heat 's lebron james is looking for sponsors for his 26th birthday party .  investment opportunities are available for between $ 10,000- $ 500,000 .  the miami bash will boast a-list celebrities according to marketing firm he hired .  james is participating in an 11-stop dinner party tour , set to run until apri .
 outrage over woman 's burning shows changing afghanistan <sec> murder of 27-year-old woman by mob in afghanistan set social media ablaze with calls for justice .  lemmon : outrage , afghan president 's call for probe signal a changing nation years after taliban rul .
 vitamin cafes : japan 's latest health injection <sec> intravenous vitamin boosts are the latest health fad in japan .  vitamin injections target specific health aliments and beauty concerns .  nutritionists warn of vitamin overdose from high quantities of supplements .  vitamin injections are popular among celebrities and businessmen for fatigu .
 fargo sandbagging again as flood threat looms <sec> fargo spokeswoman says city has goal of filling 1 million more sandbags .  `` i do n't think people are as worried '' as they were in late march , she says .  national weather service issued flood warning due to precipitation forecas .
 t.j. jackson , brothers inspired by famous uncle <sec> t.j. jackson and his two brothers are the sons of tito jackson .  he and his brothers were inspired to start a group after watching uncle michael .  brother taj says their mother `` made sure that we had a real childhood '' .  delores martes died in 1994 in what later was found to have been a homicid .
 eleven rescued as vessel sinks off hawaii coast <sec> eleven people were rescued after their vessel sank .  vessel carried 75,000 gallons of diesel fuel .  coast guard released mayday call for sinking vesse .
 can a company succeed with a toxic reputation ? <sec> uber is under a barrage of fire but business is booming for the start-up .  companies can afford to ignore some critics , and may even benefit from attacks .  ryanair , wal-mart , ashley madison among the companies to succeed despite image issues .  uber will face more severe problems if its does n't shake up its leadershi .
 report : iran blocks facebook ahead of presidential election <sec> facebook visitors see message in farsi saying , `` access to this site is not possible '' .  iran 's intelligence ministry reportedly behind action ; no reason given for blockage .  reformist candidate mir hossein mousavi created facebook page for campaign .  president ahmadinejad 's opponents are using new technology to spread messag .
 forever heroes : spirit of tragic russian hockey stars lives on <sec> 37 players and officials from lokomotiv were killed in plane crash on september 7 2011 .  flight was scheduled to land in minsk but slammed into river just after take off .  sergei shevchenko was the history teacher and principal of 10 players .  shevchenko : `` they were heroes of their time . .
 vets group seeks to smooth path to work for returning troops <sec> steve white , 67 , is executive director of the nonprofit group veterans across america .  vaa 's champion mentor program helps iraq , afghanistan vets through job maze .  the nonprofit organization has already helped more than 7,000 returning troops find jobs .  vaa founder : government programs have `` no real network '' for troops coming hom .
 mazda hit by anti-japan protests in china <sec> japanese carmakers appear to be suffering significant sales declines in china .  mazda reported that sales in the country fell 35 % year on year in september .  first automaker to report china sales data since violent anti-japanese protest .
 norway 's breivik gives chilling account of gun massacre <sec> new : anders breivik recounts how he shot the injured again so they could n't escape .  new : he tried to call police to give himself up , but no one took his call , he says .  breivik says he learned from al qaeda methods , oklahoma and world trade center bombings .  he admits killing 77 people in a gun-and-bomb rampage , calling it `` necessary .
 opinion : sinead did n't have to publicly shame miley <sec> sinead o'connor posted an open letter to miley cyrus telling her she 's a victim .  peggy drexler : o'connor could have told cyrus privately .  she says now we have a woman-on-woman battle .  drexler : o'connor makes good points , but delivery and intention matte .
 fda proposes crackdown on e-cigarettes <sec> e-cigarettes deliver nicotine to the user as a vapor .  fda has regulatory authority now only over cigarettes , smokeless tobacco .  age limit to buy e-cigarettes is expected to be 18 when rules are fina .
 'sandlot ' actor thomas guiry head-butts officer , police say <sec> guiry , 31 , faces a felony charge of assault against a public servant .  united airlines employees called police after they refused to let guiry board .  police : guiry , who workers said was drunk , head-butted cop as he tried to restrain him .  guiry 's career as a child actor included the lead role in a 1994 `` lassie '' remak .
 frances lewine , trailblazing journalist , dies <sec> frances lewine , who died at age 86 , battled for women 's rights in journalism .  in 1965 , she became ap 's first full-time female white house correspondent .  for nearly three decades , she was a cnn assignment editor and field producer .  was part of sex discrimination suit against ap that led to changes at news grou .
 wisconsin asks hunters to be on the lookout for marijuana <sec> 80,000 marijuana plants eradicated in wisconsin forest .  many of those arrested in busts are in the country illegally .  u.s. forest service wants hunters , fisherman to flag any suspicious area .
 barcelona extend la liga lead with win over racing <sec> barcelona defeat racing santander 2-0 to extend lead at top of la liga .  goals from pedro , lionel messi and andres iniesta secure victory for the home side .  barca seven points clear of rivals real madrid who play mallorca on sunday .  in saturday 's other matches sevilla beat levante 4-1 and valencia see malaga 4- .
 clemens denies steroid use <sec> bush says he hopes report helps put `` steroid era '' in past .  pitcher 's lawyer : `` there has never been one shred of tangible evidence '' .  report author mitchell says he has witnesses , paper trail .  mitchell : most players named in report chose not to meet with hi .
 anesthesiologist : michael jackson recruited me to help get rest <sec> `` i just need you to help me get my rest , '' michael jackson tells anesthesiologist .  anesthesiologist david adams offered to go on tour with michael jackson for $ 100,000 a month .  jackson 's offer to dr. david adams made dr. murray `` truly upset , '' adams says .  murray `` presented himself as being mr. jackson 's personal physician and spokesperson '' in 200 .
 michael schumacher showing 'small , encouraging signs ' <sec> michael schumacher showing `` small , encouraging signs '' .  schumacher 's family is confident he `` will wake up '' .  german is in a medically induced coma after suffering a severe head injury .  schumacher manager repeats call for german 's family to given privac .
 clinton : 'we intend to push the pakistanis very hard ' <sec> new : hillary clinton arrives in pakistan after stern words on the need to tackle terror .  clinton : we 're going to be fighting , talking and building in pakistan .  cia chief , joint chiefs of staff chairman accompanying her .  clinton says she is working toward a peaceful afghanista .
 white house : no slight meant to nancy reagan on stem-cell issue <sec> former first lady nancy reagan is a strong supporter of stem-cell research .  mrs. reagan tells magazine : obama should have invited me to stem-cell bill signing .  she 's slated to attend the unveiling of a new statue of president reagan wednesday .  she witnesses signing of ronald reagan centennial commission legislatio .
 reward for autistic teen missing in new york grows to $ 77,500 <sec> avonte oquendo , 14 , was last seen on surveillance video leaving a school on october 4 .  he ca n't communicate verbally ; he 's fascinated by trains , so search shifts underground .  police commissioner : `` we have hundreds of police officers and detectives '' searching for teen .  family attorney says he 's looking into how avonte could leave school grounds unsupervise .
 cnn student news - december 17 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 louisiana fugitive captured after jail escape <sec> escaped inmate captured in louisiana after three-day manhunt , police say .  man , 29 , is charged with murder , police say .  four men escaped from jail in st. tammany parish , louisiana , last week .  three found earlier in area near jail north of new orleans , official say .
 wrestler 'umaga ' edward fatu dies of heart attack , friend says <sec> relatives include cousin dwayne `` the rock '' johnson and uncles the wild samoans .  wwe says it terminated his contract for violating wellness program , refusing to enter rehab .  fatu was looking forward to spending time with children after leaving wwe , friend say .
 liverpool ownership battle heads for london courtroom <sec> liverpool ownership to be decided in high court next week .  owners george gillett challenge sale to new england sports ventures .  chairman martin broughton says he is confident sale will go through .  manager roy hodgson welcomes sale to boston red sox owner .
 men sentenced to 18 years for slaying south african lesbian <sec> a judge rules that killers targeted zoliswa nkonyana because of her sexual orientation .  prosecutor 's spokesman : the sentence shows `` hate crimes would not be tolerated '' .  rights group : `` we hope that this message is heard loud and clear across the rest of the continent '' .  four men are sentenced to 18 years each in prison for the 2006 slayin .
 former u.s. sen. charles percy of illinois dies at 91 <sec> new : percy once considered running for president in 1976 .  percy was suffering alzheimer 's in recent years .  he was a one-time rising star in the republican party .  he was elected to the u.s. senate in 1966 and served until 198 .
 arrest puts spotlight on security ahead of g-20 summit in toronto <sec> new : suspect in weapons incident charged , due to appear in court friday .  incident puts focus on security as leaders begin arriving .  items found in car included pellet guns , a cross bow and a chainsaw .  no specific signs incident is linked to g-20 summi .
 get used to women or 'get out , ' australia 's army chief says <sec> lt. gen. david morrison says sex scandal hurts australia 's army .  women are `` vital '' to the army , he says ; if you do n't like it , `` get out '' .  morrison says he 'll be `` ruthless '' in rooting out offender .
 newcomer tops magazine 's u.s. airline survey <sec> consumer reports readers give high marks to virgin america .  southwest airlines and jetblue airways also did well in the magazine 's airline rankings .  fee-driven spirit airlines did n't rate well with reader .
 obama promises more aggressive ebola response - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama wants to see more aggressive approach .  obama convenes special cabinet meeting regarding outbreak of ebola . .  government ramps up response after a second texas nurse was diagnosed with ebola .  new cdc `` swat '' teams will be dispatched to any hospital with an infected patien .
 bangladesh building collapse death toll rises above 800 <sec> the death toll in the bangladesh building collapse two weeks ago now stands at 823 .  rescue workers managed to save more than 2,400 people in the aftermath of the collapse .  the building , which housed five factories , caved in , burying hundreds in a heap of concret .
 cnn student news transcript - january 11 , 2013 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 for some senators , the minority will be more fun - cnnpolitics.com <sec> minority senators will have more freedom to needle republicans and buck their party .  this could help a number of liberal senators , especially anyone eying the white house .  warren - who says she is n't running for president - showed this by attacking republicans on the keystone xl pipelin .
 why the french still crave america 's love <sec> possible demise of pro-u.s. french president sarkozy raises questions over complex relations .  love for u.s. not always enough to ensure u.s. respect for france , says philippe coste .  he says sometimes france 's ww2 savior , u.s , does n't seem to take it very seriously .  sarkozy had vainly hoped to replace british as closest ally of u.s .
 pull up a chair with paddington bear in london <sec> fifty benches celebrating popular london-linked fiction have been scattered about london .  paddington bear , sherlock holmes and mary poppins among literary creations celebrated by the benches .  seating trails will be in place until september after which the benches will be auctioned for charit .
