 neil patrick harris returns to killer broadway show for one night only <sec> neil patrick harris will reprise his role in the tony award-winning production of `` assassins '' .  the whole gang of presidential assassins will reunite for the december 3 performance .  the show will take place at studio 54 -- where the revival opened on broadway in 200 .
 as blood donations decline , u.s. ban on gay donors is examined <sec> gay men prohibited from donating blood .  in june , blood donations were down more than 10 % .  studies show 1 in 5 people donate blood , 95 % of population will need donated blood .  64 members of congress are urging the united states to end the ba .
 4,000 women run for office in iraq <sec> female candidates seek to change women 's status in iraqi society .  many will be guaranteed seats under electoral quota system .  candidate says she 's running to challenge fundamentalist beliefs about wome .
 indigenous groups clash with colombian soldiers <sec> indigenous groups say they are fed up with violence .  colombian president juan manuel santos pleads for an end to the violence .  `` we 've had enough deaths , '' an indigenous leader say .
 the god of golf : vardon tames the majesty of muirfield <sec> harry vardon has won six british open titles , more than anyone else in history .  vardon was golf 's first worldwide superstar after his popular playing tours of america .  jersey-native won his first open title at muirfield , the scene for the 2014 installment .  peter thompson , who won five open titles , calls him `` the god of golf .
 veteran of tijuana drug wars to lead juarez police <sec> julian leyzaola is credited with taking down a major drug boss in tijuana .  `` we hope he can to the same here in juarez , '' a police spokesman say .
 as scars heal , youssif settles back into boyhood <sec> youssif continues to be treated in california for his burns , scars .  he is enrolled in school and learning english .  more surgeries lie ahead .  boy was doused with gasoline , set on fire by masked men in baghda .
 why gritty east end is london 's gold standard <sec> east london has long been home to the capital 's working , creative and criminal classes .  the east end is one of britain 's most ethnically diverse -- and poor -- areas .  many doubt the olympics will bring long-term benefits to east londo .
 west nile blamed in death of illinois official as u.s. battles virus <sec> william j. mueller was hospitalized for two weeks and died saturday .  at least 26 people have died across the united states , according to the cdc .  a west nile virus epidemic prompts a public health emergency in the dallas area .  the virus is transmitted through infected mosquitoe .
 saudi arabia beheads men for stealing <sec> seven men did not get fair trials , united nations says .  saudi official news source quotes passage in quran about stealing .  u.n. says men may have been tortured and forced to confes .
 conservative coup against boehner grows - cnnpolitics.com <sec> there are 10 lawmakers who 've committed to voting against boehner , or voting `` present '' .  leadership aides say they remain confident boehner will hold his position as speaker .  reps. ted yoho and louie gohmert have offered themselves as alternative .
 what saudi arabia wants in yemen ( opinion ) <sec> saudi arabia has launched airstrikes against rebels in yemen .  ali alahmed : results of saudi campaign unlikely to be positiv .
 panda petting zoo cutest thing ever <sec> wolong panda club lets visitors hug pandas for $ 130 fee .  the pandas will hug you back .  last year , pandas at the country 's breeding center had 18 cub .
 arraignment delayed for mom accused of tossing baby from fourth floor <sec> new : the arraignment is now set for august 29 , says a a district attorney 's spokeswoman .  the boy , who required frequent hospital visits , died on wednesday .  prosecutors say the mother pushed the baby , validated her parking and left .  hermosillo , who was expected to be arraigned thursday , has two other childre .
 gop seeks political gain from ground zero islamic center issue <sec> new : top democratic senator opposes a mosque near ground zero .  new : florida republican runs a statewide ad on the issue .  keep talking about obama 's stance on the issue , republicans told .  democrats lament the matter is drowning out campaign theme .
 commentary : rick warren foes are n't practicing tolerance <sec> jordan lorence : barack obama has asked rick warren to give the invocation .  he says activists are seeking to ban warren from speaking because of his views .  lorence says warren 's view on marriage is the majority position in the u.s . .  he says obama also believes marriage is between a man and a woma .
 japan prepares missile defense ahead of north korea launch <sec> north korea 's announcement of a planned satellite launch has provoked alarm .  other countries say it is a way of testing missile technology .  the japanese defense minister orders the preparation of missile defense .
 man who spent 22 years on death row is cleared <sec> new evidence prompts judge to drop murder charges against paul house .  house , of tennessee , spent 22 years on death row for murder of carolyn muncey .  house , who uses a wheelchair , was released on bail in 2007 .  new dna testing helped raise doubt .
 court suspends death sentence following murder conviction of gu kailai <sec> four police officers are convicted of covering up the death .  gu kailai 's death sentence is likely to be commuted after two years .  a court sentences the wife of an ex-communist leader to death but suspends sentence .  they were tried in the fatal poisoning of british businessman neil heywoo .
 uk lottery ticket wins record $ 180 million <sec> it is the largest lottery prize to be won in the united kingdom .  the winner or winners have not yet come forward .  the odds of winning were over 76 million to on .
 defense secretary warns against fighting more ground wars <sec> future wars will likely be air and sea based , gates says .  the united states has not been able to predict any of its recent military engagements , he says .  gates encourages west point cadets to look outside the armed forces to round out experience .  speech is gates ' last as defense secretar .
 we must end this trade in weapons of war <sec> molly scott cato says uk , france have not demonstrated decency as they 've defended arms trade .  she says a culture of shamelessness amongst arms traders and their political friends remains unchallenged .  the green mep says that , even if people do n't want an arms ban , they should not treat industry like other .
 obama : tax avoidance akin to renouncing citizenship <sec> obama to slam companies that establish residency in overseas tax havens in speech thursday .  the president will say such companies `` are essentially renouncing their american citizenship '' .  remarks part of obama 's effort this week to advance his domestic agenda .  world events have overshadowed the white house 's efforts this wee .
 burmese migrants mob suu kyi in thailand <sec> thousands of burmese migrants in thailand gather to see aung san suu kyi .  myanmar opposition leader makes first trip abroad in more than 20 years .  suu kyi describes inequalities experienced by burmese migrants in thailan .
 young conservatives worry about mccain 's appeal <sec> young gop voters say enthusiasm for sen. john mccain missing in their age group .  mccain : `` this election is really all about the people of your generation '' .  mccain says he does n't use e-mail ; sen. barack obama has big myspace presence .  mccain campaign says it plans to increase presence on myspace , faceboo .
 iraqis glad ancient babylon is out of isis ' grasp <sec> isis has ransacked museums , bulldozed ancient cities , destroying human history .  but the ancient city of babylon is out of their reach in iraq 's shiite regio .
 apparently this matters : nasa 's new spacesuit <sec> nasa is developing a new spacesuit called the z-2 .  people were able to vote online between three designs .  voting ended april 15 , and `` technology '' was announced as the winning design on april 3 .
 not just a number : a refugee in europe <sec> ines dumig 's photo series `` apart together '' follows a somali refugee living in germany .  the underlying themes include isolation and `` otherness '' and the search for human dignit .
 nigerian troops kill 20 suspected militants <sec> troops moved in on a meeting of boko haram , sparking a shootout , officials say .  boko haram has waged a violent campaign of bombings .  the islamist group 's name means `` western education is forbidden , .
 honduras ' new leaders reject appeal for zelaya 's return <sec> oas head doubts honduras ' interim leadership will restore ousted president zelaya .  vice chancellor : honduras prepared to withdraw from oas .  zelaya vows to return to country despite arrest threa .
 colombian rebels invite miss universe to peace talks <sec> colombian paulina vega was crowned miss universe last month .  talks between farc and the government are crucial to ending 50 years of fightin .
 foxconn denies forced chinese student labor on iphone 5 lines <sec> foxconn has denied allegations that it forced students to work on its assembly lines .  a worker rights group claims that some schools force students into paid internships .  group : english and finance majors were among those required to do internships .  apple is expected to announce its new iphone 5 at an event wednesda .
 u.s. charges men with funding somali extremists <sec> new : two defendants in san diego case plead not guilty .  indictment says money was transferred through legitimate remitting businesses .  the islamist group al-shabaab has been waging war against the somali governmen .
 france to send 1,000 more troops to central african republic <sec> new : doctors without borders highlights plight of the many people displaced by violence .  mission is expected to last about six months , defense minister jean-yves le drian says .  about 400 french troops are already deployed in the african nation .  a transitional government has been in place since a coup earlier this yea .
 atletico madrid , not barcelona or real madrid , leads la liga <sec> atletico madrid rallies to beat levante 3-2 to move into top spot in spain 's la liga .  diego costa pulls two goals clear of cristiano ronaldo in the league scoring charts .  atletico leads barcelona by three points and real madrid by eight .  but barcelona can reclaim first place sunday when it travels to getaf .
 banksy calls one world trade center a `` betrayal '' <sec> banksy criticizes design of one world trade center , calling it a `` shyscraper '' .  new yorkers affected by 9/11 believe banksy 's work is a publicity stunt .  banksy says the building looks plain , like something `` they would build in canada '' .  new york times declines to publish op-ed ; bansky posts the essay on websit .
 five retreats fit for a royal couple <sec> you can visit the same places where british royalty has traveled .  a canadian cottage has at times hosted the queen , her sister and her mother .  it 's possible to rent the manor home where kate middleton celebrated christma .
 syria 's uprising : from rocks to rpgs <sec> aleppo , syria 's second-largest city , is now the flashpoint of the country 's civil war .  there are widespread concerns about a `` devastating '' government counterattack .  the rebels have gotten stronger in the past few months and built up their arsenal .  but it might not be enough to withstand the regime 's aerial firepowe .
 cult members get death sentence over mcdonald 's killing <sec> five members of a chinese cult have been sentenced for a murder in a mcdonald 's .  two were sentenced to death for the killing of a woman who refused to give them her number .  the group , church of almighty god , has been banned in china since 1995 .  its members believe jesus has been reincarnated as a chinese woma .
 here 's what to do about your anxiety <sec> a recent kat kinsman piece on anxiety resonated with readers .  many of you had questions about treatment and medication .  cnn health 's mental health expert dr. charles raison provides answer .
 atlantic storm brings more flood misery to drenched britain <sec> princes william and harry help out in the village of datchet , hit by flooding .  another major atlantic storm is blowing into britain on friday .  nearly 6,000 homes have been flooded since the beginning of december .  authorities warn of more flooding along the thames over the weeken .
 iran 's supreme leader once a student revolutionary himself <sec> post on islamic revolutionary council may have been career-making .  ayatollah ali khamenei was minister of defense , head of iran 's revolutionary guards .  mir hossein moussavi was prime minister when khamenei was presiden .
 'office space ' creator returns to the workplace <sec> mike judge 's new movie , `` extract , '' is comedy set in a factory .  judge gravitates towards the workplace , sees `` a lot of material '' in jobs .  film stars jason bateman , who calls `` office space '' creator `` a ninja of comedy .
 zander mccready found safe in arkansas <sec> new : singer 's child in custody of arkansas officials .  mccready had been ordered to turn over boy , 5 .  mccready took her son , but she does not have legal custod .
 gulbis shocks federer in rome masters <sec> top seed roger federer crashes out in second round of the rome masters .  the world number one is beaten 2-6 6-1 7-5 by latvian ernests gulbis .  second seed novak djokovic cruises through after beating jeremy chardy 6-1 6- .
 passengers reportedly saw flames before jet crashed , killing 153 <sec> new : local officials say one of jet 's two engines caught fire .  new : two infants among 19 survivors , spanish official says .  new : passenger list posted on spanair web site .  md-82 crashed while taking off from madrid 's main airpor .
 opinion : what we need from our surgeon general <sec> dr. vivek murthy is the nominee for next surgeon general .  the surgeon general should help educate on health care , nathaniel p. morris says .  changing the way the u.s. views obesity is important , morris says .  an annual congressional update also could be helpful , he say .
 a nation on the move for thanksgiving <sec> aaa : 42.5 million americans will travel at least 50 miles during the thanksgiving weekend .  orbitz : lax , chicago 's o'hare and orlando international will be busiest airports .  all eyes are on the weather , which can turn a simple trip into a nightmar .
 ntsb : pilot erred in runway crash that killed boy <sec> national transportation safety board : pilot error caused 2005 runway accident .  southwest airlines jet skidded off a runway at chicago 's midway airport .  the incident resulted in the death of a 6-year-old boy .  pilot , co-pilot were unfamiliar with jet 's automatic brake system , ntsb sai .
 amc drama to become first show to ever premiere on tumblr <sec> amc is launching a two-week , full-episode sneak preview .  the network also plans to launch a branded network tumblr page .  the show premiers on television june .
 bruno mars : 7 things we love about him <sec> bruno mars rocked out during the super bowl halftime show .  as a child he was an elvis impersonator .  his sisters have a singing grou .
 opinion : u.s. , forget about ousting al-assad <sec> kapil komireddi : in 2012 , from outside syria , it seemed the regime would fall .  he says that proved mistaken ; military still backs bashar al-assad .  he says the u.s. goal of an al-assad ouster is unrealistic .  he says u.s. should try to head off al qaeda gains from saudi backing of the oppositio .
 by the numbers : health insurance <sec> 49.9 million -- the number of uninsured americans in 2010 .  15.4 % - the percentage of children living in poverty who are also uninsured .  95 million -- number of people in the u.s. covered by government health insuranc .
 protesters gather in tahrir square to pressure egyptian military <sec> new : two egyptian officers forced to leave square , witness says .  numbers of demonstrators have swelled because the muslim brotherhood has joined .  groups are seeking prosecution of former president hosni mubarak .  mubarak 's chief of staff has been arreste .
 clinton vows to pressure haiti on election , but not cut off aid <sec> new : clinton says the u.s. wo n't end humanitarian relief , despite major political concerns .  new : she says she 'll push to get 3rd candidate on the runoff ballot , as other groups have done .  clinton will meet with haitian president and various political leaders during her visi .
 french presidential wine goes up for sale <sec> 1,200 bottles from the wine cellar of the élysée palace are being auctioned off .  the money will pay for new , `` more modest '' bottles to be bought , says the auction house .  any extra funds will be poured into the state budget , it says .  the presidential wine cellar , set up in 1947 , showcases some of france 's finest vintage .
 meet glyph , a headset that beams video into your eyes <sec> avegant glyph promises to project images directly into the user 's eyes , brain .  the headset has raised nearly $ 1 million on kickstarter .  it 's compatible with smartphones , tvs , gaming consoles and most anything with a screen .  it 's going for $ 499 and expected to be released late this yea .
 nsa leaker edward snowden 'was trained as a spy , ' he tells nbc <sec> nsa document leaker edward snowden says he was trained as a spy .  he worked for the cia , nsa and defense intelligence agency , he tells nbc 's brian williams .  calling him a contractor is bid `` to distract from the totality of my experience , '' he says .  snowden is in russia to avoid prosecution in u.s. on espionage charge .
 police : california teen home safe after month in shelters with uncle <sec> charles david berlinghoff , 44 , is in a california jail on a child-stealing warrant .  police say he ran off with his 15-year-old niece , prompting a month-long search .  the two spent much of their time at homeless shelters , the girl 's father say .
 north korea readying rockets to aim at u.s. targets , state media says <sec> new : a north korean photo shows kim jong un meeting with military officials .  north korean media : rockets should be ready to `` mercilessly strike '' the u.s . .  a pentagon spokesman urges north korea to `` dial down the temperature '' .  `` no one wants there to be war on the korean peninsula , '' he say .
 nigeria 's adefemi killed in car crash <sec> nigerian international olubayo adefemi killed in a car accident in greece .  the 25-year-old greek super league player was returning to nigeria to finalize wedding plans .  defender represented his country five times , appearing at 2008 beijing olympic .
 'obvious child ' : a film about romance and ... abortion ? <sec> `` obvious child '' was dubbed an `` abortion rom-com '' after its sundance film festival premiere .  jenny slate plays donna stern , a stand-up comedian who gets pregnant after a one-night stand .  producer says the film is more about stern figuring out her 20-something life than an agend .
 michael jackson death trial : jury begins deliberations <sec> new : the jury will resume deliberations friday .  aeg live 's marvin putnam asked jurors to find michael jackson responsible for his death .  family lawyer : `` how dare they accept no responsibility and blame it all on michael '' .  the jacksons are asking for $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion in damages from aeg liv .
 landon donovan to retire from mls <sec> new : u.s. coach jurgen klinsmann says donovan was 'fantastic example ' .  landon donovan says he is sad , but excited for next phase in life .  he scored 57 goals for the usa , including a memorable one in the 2010 world cup .  the 32-year-old says he 'll still be connected to the gam .
