 11 notable presidential pardons <sec> president andrew johnson issued pardons for every confederate soldier .  president reagan pardoned a nascar racing star convicted of moonshining .  three convicted of conspiracy in assassination of abraham lincoln were pardoned .  train robber was hanged after refusing pardon from president andrew jackso .
 where are mexico 's lost boys ? ( opinion ) <sec> search is still on in mexico for 43 students who went missing last month .  arrest warrants have been issued for town 's mayor and his wife .  mexicans do n't trust government and always assume there is a backstory , says ruben navarrette .  incident flies in face of efforts to improve mexico 's image , navarrette say .
 shooting spree in serbia kills 13 <sec> new : the shooting suspect is a war veteran who never seemed violent , a broadcaster reports .  the man goes house to house , killing occupants ; six women , six men and one child die .  murder is rare in serbia , according to the world health organizatio .
 measles outbreak at disneyland grows <sec> california health official urges some people to stay away from disneyland during measles outbreak .  growing number of measles cases linked to disneyland , health official says .  disney respone her .
 hamas adopting more moderate stance ? <sec> there are signs hamas is taking new stance on israel , fawaz a. gerges says .  he says pro-hamas clerics are preparing people for coexistence .  hamas is fighting groups inspired by al qaeda , gerges says .  he urges west to test hamas ' willingness to engage in mideast peace proces .
 snakes and storytellers : marrakech 's medieval heart <sec> jemaa el fna , marrakech 's ancient central square , hosts snake charmers , medicine men , food vendors .  storyteller abdul-hakim is a daily presence in the square , keeping his audiences spellbound with traditional arabic tales .  in the evening the square comes alive with musicians and acrobat .
 protests continue in venezuela <sec> clashes continue in venezuela .  president nicolas maduro says he has a peace plan .  three people have been killed in caracas violenc .
 elon musk promises $ 1 million for tesla museum <sec> the founder of tesla motors is giving $ 1 million to a museum for its namesake .  volunteers raised money to save the last remaining lab of inventor nikola tesla .  they need several million more , though , to restore it and build a museum .  matthew inman , creator of the oatmeal , announced the donation thursda .
 billionaire oligarchs clash over rusal <sec> two russian billionaires clash on governance at the world 's largest aluminium company , .  viktor vekselberg said rusal was in `` deep crisis '' because of bad management .  oleg deripaska , rusal 's chief executive , said 'there is no crisis .
 lawmakers take health care debate home <sec> lawmakers back in their districts for two-week spring recess .  republicans , democrats trying to sell their points of view to their constituents .  republicans want to `` repeal and replace '' health care legislation .  polls show support for legislation up slightly since before last week 's vot .
 bravo to air 'housewives ' suicide special <sec> sources say bravo will air a special that addresses the suicide of russell armstrong .  the special includes vanderpump , grammer , maloof and kyle and kim richards .  the second season premiere of `` beverly hills '' is still on track for september .
 turkey : protester killed in clash with police during syria sit-in <sec> turkish anti-government protester ahmet atakan dies in the early hours tuesday .  the 22-year-old was taking part in a sit-in against military intervention in syria .  hatay governor 's office says he fell from a building after police and protesters clashed .  anti-government protesters also clashed with police in ankara and istanbul , media sa .
 sitar legend ravi shankar dies at 92 <sec> new : ringo starr : `` ravi was a great loss musically , spiritually and physically '' .  shankar taught beatle george harrison to play the sitar .  india 's prime minister praises the man and his music .  his ethereal sound embodied eastern transcendence for westerner .
 exit polls show incumbent ahead in indonesian presidential vote <sec> new : polls close ; official results expected no sooner than next week .  three familiar faces competed : current president , his deputy and an ex-president .  analysts and polls have yudhoyono ( known as sby ) tipped to win a second term .  sby is riding high on the country 's economic strengt .
 police officer involved in two shootings in four days <sec> miami beach police officer adam tavss is involved in two police shootings .  second shooting happened on his first day back on street .  questions are being raised as to whether he was cleared for duty too soon .  miami beach police chief decides when an officer is ready to retur .
 on middle east visit , kerry sees hope of progress for iran , israel <sec> u.s. secretary of state , israeli prime minister were in talks for nearly nine hours today .  `` i am personally convinced ... that israel is safer today , '' he says of agreement on iran .  israel disagrees with the interim agreement , saying it does n't go far enough .  kerry says israel , palestinians are `` as determined as ever '' to negotiate a peace dea .
 mini to make rallying return in sardinia <sec> the iconic mini will make it world rally championship return in sardinia in may .  the new car will be driven by briton kris meeke and spaniard dani sordo .  mini dominated the monte carlo rally in the 1960s winning the race three time .
 hair from car has decomposition like caylee 's , fbi tech testifies <sec> new : fbi analyst says hair from car is n't casey anthony 's but could be caylee 's .  the hair sample showed signs of decomposition , the fbi tech testifies .  anthony is accused of killing caylee in 2008 ; her lawyers said she drowned .  trial resumes monday ; prosecutors have about two weeks of work ahea .
 as two politicians ascend , new sway for latinos ? <sec> ruben navarrette : two latino politicians ' boosts this week could be good news for latinos .  julian castro will give keynote speech to democrats ; ted cruz won gop primary in texas .  he says latino voters support democrats , who do n't return the favor by addressing their needs .  writer : cruz 's success might draw latinos to the right ; they 're in a position to gain influenc .
 expedition sumatra : '' we knew this was going to be a trip like no other ' <sec> jenni watts produced expedition : sumatra , cnn 's new environment special .  the team traveled round indonesia charting some of the biggest issues affecting the country .  they visited an orangutan conservation group trying to protect the endangered specie .
 yemen on high alert after al qaeda threatens prison break <sec> more than 40 militants enter port city of aden , threatening to free imprisoned fighters .  `` our forces are ready and will ensure ... safety , '' a defense ministry official says .  hundreds of reinforcement troops are brought in to prepare for a possible brea .
 no sign of missing north carolina girl after extensive search <sec> a third day of extensive searching turns up nothing .  zahra clare baker was reported missing saturday .  her stepmother has been charged with obstructing justic .
 'america 's oldest teen ' dick clark dies <sec> new : entertainers recall `` american bandstand '' influence .  dick clark died of a heart attack while at a santa monica hospital , his publicist says .  he suffered a stroke in december 2004 , reducing his on-camera work .  clark started `` american bandstand '' as a local tv show in philadelphia in 195 .
 bay bridge closure threatens to snarl traffic at least one more day <sec> san francisco-oakland bay bridge closes after parts of it fall to roadway .  repair work ongoing , but there 's no word when bridge will reopen .  travelers flock to public transit , including trains and ferries .  repairs aim to stop vibration , which may have caused the proble .
 five must-see sights in nashville <sec> the bluebird café is a top venue for hearing up-and-coming singers .  built in 1897 , the parthenon is a full-scale re-creation of the greek landmark .  visit rca studio b where elvis presley , dolly parton and willie nelson recorded hit .
 student-athlete literacy : death threats and denial for whistle-blower <sec> mary willingham receives death threats in wake of cnn report .  university of north carolina says it has n't seen her research , contradicting earlier statements .  willingham : `` i 'm telling the truth .
 new york roomies return $ 41,000 found in thrift-store couch <sec> three roommates bought a couch at the salvation army for $ 20 .  it seemed lumpy , so one of them unzipped a cushion to check out what was inside .  $ 41,000 ! .  $ 41,000 ! .  $ 41,000 ! .  'if we spent the money , we would n't feel good about it , ' one roomie say .
 source : accused killer did not father slain marine 's baby <sec> dna taken from suspect cpl . .  cesar laurean does n't match child 's , source says .  swab obtained after suspect was extradited from mexico to united states .  lance cpl . .  maria lauterbach 's body was found in laurean 's backyard in 200 .
 tulsa shooting : deputy robert bates charged <sec> harris family attorney says volunteer deputy was a donor who paid to play a cop .  an attorney representing reserve deputy robert bates says it was an `` excusable homicide '' .  eric harris ' brother says the shooting was `` simply evil , '' accuses investigators of trying to cover it u .
 at least 65 killed in southern sudan clashes , army says <sec> increasing violence comes as south prepares to declare independence from north .  militia forces attacked village of uach in upper nile state , military spokesman says .  spla spokesman believes militia leader oliny is getting help from khartoum .  official for sudan 's dominant party denies any involvement with violenc .
 south koreans cast wary eyes to the north <sec> south koreans are growing worried at the increasingly hostile signs from the north .  north korea recently threatened `` physical countermeasures '' against seoul .  comes after fresh u.n. sanctions against the regime following its satellite launch .  pyongyang has promised to resume underground nuclear tests , its third since 200 .
 report : next iphone could land this summer <sec> apple to begin production on latest iphone model soon , the wall street journal says .  the new model could be ready by this summer .  a cheaper , more colorful version of the iphone might also be in productio .
 'slumdog ' kids live hollywood dream <sec> two child stars of `` slumdog millionaire '' come from the slum featured in the movie .  they traveled from mumbai to hollywood for academy awards .  disbelief , joy echoed amid the red carpet glamour and in the squalor of the slum .
 two gifts i 'm thankful for : freedom and health <sec> twenty years ago , i moved to the u.s. from the soviet union with my family , says igor krotov .  i have worked for cnn since 1992 , and my son is now a young man , he says .  last year i was diagnosed with a brain tumor , and i had to undergo surgery , krotov says .  krotov : my illness taught me to appreciate life ; i feel grateful every day for what i hav .
 uk will compensate gitmo detainees , government says <sec> new : amnesty international and the aclu demand more action and information .  `` it was the right thing to do , '' justice secretary kenneth clarke says .  the amount of the settlement is confidential , he says .  the payments are not an admission of liability , clarke say .
 n.y. drops proposed taxes on itunes , haircuts <sec> new york drops proposed taxes on itunes downloads , haircuts .  gov . .  david paterson plans to use federal stimulus money to balance state budget .  tax hikes were proposed to close $ 14 billion budget defici .
 ryan reynolds : my superhero movie will be r-rated <sec> ryan reynolds debuts first look at his deadpool costume .  not to be outdone , hugh jackman announced he is retiring the wolverine characte .
 what you thought you knew about obesity is wrong <sec> aaron carroll : i thought i knew all about obesity ; a new study challenges that .  he says obesity a big problem , but weight loss not as simple as fruits , veggies and no snacks .  studies do show that overall , vigorous exercise and watching calories help .  carroll : best tool against obesity is not to get there in first plac .
 burundi 's coffee culture 'the difference between food and hunger ' <sec> more than half of burundi 's population makes a living from coffee beans .  only 5 % of burundi 's beans are processed in the country .  farmers need new skills to add value to their coffee , says exper .
 power outage bottlenecks computerized reservations for some nes <sec> company says failure occurred at a `` third party 's facility '' .  navitaire serves some 60 airlines .  airtran , spirit and porter are three of the affected airline .
 zimbabwe 's parliament approves $ 98 million loan from china <sec> the money will go to building a defense college .  some members of zimbabwe 's parliament oppose the deal .  they argue that the poverty-stricken country should spend the money in other way .
 dubai officials dismiss claim of blast on plane <sec> the cargo plane went down in early september .  al qaeda in the arabian peninsula claims responsibility for the crash .  an explosion did not occur on the flight , authorities sai .
 philae lander is 'go ' for attempted comet touchdown <sec> new : scientists give first 'go-ahead ' for an attempted landing on comet 67p .  the landing craft philae is about the size of a domestic washing machine .  it is equipped with nine experiments including a drill to sample the surface and test in an on-board oven .  the comet 's gravity is so weak that engineers have come up with ingenious solutions to keep philae in plac .
 benzema double as real madrid extend spanish lead <sec> karim benzema scores twice as spanish league leaders real madrid beat granada 5-1 .  cristiano ronaldo scores his 21st goal in la liga this season to extend lead over lionel messi .  messi 's barcelona team must win sunday 's derby at espanyol or lose ground in title race .  fourth-placed levante can only draw 0-0 with visiting real mallorca earlier on saturda .
 finding common ground in a tiny barbershop <sec> at taylor mae 'd barber shop , customers can share their thoughts on camera .  the topic of choice is politics ; though opinions differ , men find common ground .  owner jack quavis is a `` people person '' who puts customers at ease .  ireport.com : finding common ground with a political opposit .
 u.s. open : ferrer finds fortune as rain hits new york courts <sec> david ferrer has now reached quarterfinals of all four tennis grand slams in 2012 .  he is the second spaniard to do so in calendar year since start of professional era .  ferrer will next play either eighth seed janko tipsarevic or germany 's phillip kohlschreiber .  two other fourth-round matches were also halted by rain on tuesda .
 'bed intruder ' internet star arrested in alabama <sec> dodson laughs over saturday arrest .  his internet stardom comes after his tv news interview about an intruder .  police say dodson was arrested for marijuana possession , other minor offense .
 sochi 2014 : putin gets blatter boost <sec> fifa president sepp blatter warns against boycott .  swiss says boycott would be a form of `` surrender '' .  blatter says brazil 2014 world cup `` misused as platform for political disputes '' .  protestors have voiced opposition to russia 's anti-gay law .
 kidney transplant inspired lopez <sec> comedian george lopez underwent a kidney transplant in 2005 .  now he is trying to help young people who are also struggling with kidney disease .  the lopez foundation assists underprivileged kids , adults and military familie .
 judge freezes assets of pilot whose plane crashed without him <sec> authorities say pilot tried to fake his own death by crashing his private plane .  officials searching for marcus schrenker , who they say parachuted out of plane .  investigators looking into possible securities violations request the restraining order .  manager in alabama says schrenker was his only guest at hotel overnigh .
 plane crashes near peru geoglyphs <sec> seven killed in crash .  plane was taking tourists on flight over nazca glyphs , which are best viewed from air .  three peruvians , three chileans among dea .
 bergdahl case highlights drive to close gitmo <sec> u.s. captive bowe bergdahl was exchanged for taliban detainees at guantanamo bay .  closing the prison housing terror suspects has long been an obama pledge .  battles with congress and other obstacles have made shutting it down difficul .
 are athletes who speak their minds out of bounds ? <sec> minnesota vikings punter chris kluwe is an advocate for gay rights .  pro athletes , however , usually do n't take a strong stance on the issues .  outspoken sports stars like kluwe , muhammad ali and jackie robinson are rare .  kluwe : `` it should n't be news when someone speaks out for equality .
 n. korea defends right to 'explore space ' amid missile claim <sec> n. korea : `` outer space is not a monopoly of a few specified powers '' .  north koreans have said they intend to launch a communications satellite .  u.s. secretary of state clinton says u.s. has no plans to shoot rocket down .  taepodong 2 rocket could launch either a warhead or a satellit .
 france gears up for presidential runoff <sec> president nicolas sarkozy and challenger francois hollande compete in a runoff .  the pair wrapped up their election campaigns friday .  sarkozy : `` i am president of france . .  i must speak to the french , no matter who they are '' .  hollande : `` we have the responsibility to unite , to reconcile .
 sooner or later , marijuana will be legal <sec> bill piper : despite all the arrests and money spent , youth marijuana use is increasing .  piper : overdoses not reported ; criminals thrive , jails filled with nonviolent offenders .  as we do with alcohol , he writes , bad behavior , not use , should be punished .  marijuana will be legalized , but how many lives and money will be wasted first , piper ask .
 'dexter ' panel at comic-con : it made jennifer carpenter cry <sec> stars and executive producers from `` dexter '' held a panel at comic-con on july 18 .  actors michael c. hall and jennifer carpenter talked about the final season .  carpenter became emotional talking about the fans .  the series finale of `` dexter '' will air september 2 .
 hearing to look at the progress and challenges 5 years after katrina <sec> the hearing will highlight the continuing challenges facing louisiana .  schools will receive $ 1.8 billion lump-sum payment .  penalties for insufficient flood insurance reduce .
 eto'o : we ca n't wait until a black player gets killed <sec> samuel eto'o : `` we ca n't wait until some crazy fan kills a black player '' .  barcelona striker has endured regular racist taunting while playing in spain .  eto'o almost walked off during a match in 2006 because of sustained abuse .  he no longer allows family to come to games to protect them from racis .
 did china 's environmental film vanish into the haze ? <sec> film on china 's air pollution problem drew praise from environment minister when it came out .  a week later , after getting millions of clicks , `` under the dome '' disappeared from all major websites in chin .
 did steve jobs ' money buy him a faster liver transplant ? <sec> apple cofounder steve jobs is recovering from transplant surgery in tennessee .  his surgery raises questions about preferential treatment .  current system results in regions with much shorter wait times than others .  16,000 people on the liver waiting list ; in any one year only one-third get live .
 rescue efforts transition to recovery in hard-hit alabama <sec> alabama town `` looks like a war zone '' .  alabama death toll rises to at least 238 .  president barack obama : `` i 've never seen devastation like this '' .  he promises `` to do everything we can '' to aid rebuildin .
 obama quietly prepares for fall as republicans fight <sec> some leading republicans think it 's time to wrap up the race .  while republican candidates spar , obama campaign can quietly prepare for fall .  some drawing parallels with 2008 democratic campaign , which went into may .  republican enthusiasm , support from independents falling as campaign goes o .
 what 's really behind hillary clinton 's latest wave of speeches ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> hillary clinton has made a series of public appearances in the past week .  moves are fueling the speculation of a possible white house bid in 2016 .  she may also be trying to differentiating herself from president obam .
