 u.n. diplomats get sobering warning about drinking <sec> u.s. ambassador for management admonishes budget negotiators for drinking .  late-night meetings spur drinking , especially at christmas , u.s. diplomats say .  senior u.n. official insulted the secretary-general after a few too many in 201 .
 was this mark zuckerberg 's first website ? <sec> a newly discovered angelfire website from 1999 appears to be by mark zuckerberg .  site was created by 15-year-old `` mark '' in suburban new york .  it includes a crude `` social graph '' and aol fader tool he created .  source code on the site 's main page lists `` mark zuckerberg '' as its creato .
 cnn student news - march 3 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 thrift store mp3 player contains secret military files <sec> new zealander finds confidential u.s. military files on a used mp3 player .  man bought player for $ 9 a year ago at an oklahoma thrift store .  owner says he 'll happily hand over the player to the u.s. military if he is aske .
 military prosecution faces major hurdles in massacre case <sec> victims of the shooting in afghanistan were buried without autopsies .  islamic tradition calls for a quick burial .  that lack of pathology evidence is just one of the many hurdles prosecutors will face .  `` i think the chances that he will walk are not bad , '' says one former military prosecuto .
 the fugue wins prince of wales stakes at royal ascot <sec> william buick rides the fugue to victory in the prince of wales stakes at royal ascot .  prix de l'arc triomphe champion treve beaten into third by magician .  buick : `` she 's an absolute star . .  she proved what she can do against top class horses . .
 u.s. soccer legend donovan retires <sec> landon donovan has retired from professional soccer .  he announced the move on the la galaxy website .  this will be his final season .  controversially dropped from the u.s. 2014 world cup squa .
 u.n. : hamas , israel may be guilty of war crimes <sec> u.n. secretary-general calls for militants to stop placing rockets at schools .  mother of israeli-american teen killed sends message to palestinian parents .  35 killed in israel including 32 soldiers , israel says .  695 palestinians killed since beginning of renewed hostilities , the gaza health ministry say .
 poll finds racial divide over wilson charges - cnnpolitics.com <sec> whites and non-whites are divided over whether darren wilson should face murder charges , a poll finds .  fifty-four percent of non-whites say wilson should be charged with murder , while 23 % of whites hold that view .  the poll is out monday and is from cnn/orc internationa .
 3 muslims killed in buddhist mob attacks in sri lanka <sec> at least 3 people dead , 52 injured after buddhist mobs attacked muslim areas in sri lanka .  the rampage followed a rally by a hardline buddhist nationalist group led by monks .  the rally was prompted by the alleged assault of a monk by muslim youths days earlier .  the towns , popular tourist destinations , are now subject to a curfe .
 commentary : bhutto failed to modernize pakistan <sec> manji says bhutto disappointed some because she adhered to feudal politics .  during bhutto 's time in office , writer says , she did not defy anti-rape laws .  pakistan must `` transcend both trauma and tribalism , '' manji say .
 with arrest , memories of hijacking ordeal flood back <sec> george hopkins was flight engineer on pan am flight hijacked to cuba in 1968 .  arrest of last suspect brings back memories of gun in his face , hijacker in cockpit .  `` there was no doubt in my mind he would pull the trigger , '' hopkins remembers .  one hijacker asked to have his wife and baby moved to first class , hopkins recall .
 kenyans gather to say goodbye to nobel laureate wangari maathai <sec> maathai , 71 , died last month after a battle with cancer .  she was the first african woman to win the nobel peace prize .  the environmentalist also fought for the empowerment of impoverished communities .  known as the tree mother of africa , her campaign led to the planting of 40 million trees in keny .
 u.s. apology for nato strike not good enough , says pakistan foreign minister <sec> deadly airstrike forced complete review of pakistan 's relations with u.s. , foreign minister says .  parliamentary debate this week could mend relations , restore trust , says hina rabbani khar .  she says pakistan is prepared to play crucial role in afghan peace talks .  she rejects claims that pakistan has ties to afghan taliban leader mullah oma .
 india remembers mumbai dead <sec> prime minister : `` we will never succumb to the designs of our enemies '' .  164 people were killed in the attack , which lasted three days .  ten gunmen stormed hotels , a train station and a jewish center .  nine of them were killed ; the other was capture .
 first xi : the world 's best strikers <sec> cnn 's football fanzone picks 11 of the world 's best strikers .  didier drogba makes the list after an amazing return to form .  who do you think is the best forward in the world .
 derartu tulu <sec> olympic record : 2 gold medals .  only woman to have won a long-distance gold at two separate olympics .  the first ever black african woman to win olympic gold .  runner ; born march 21 , 1972 , in bekoji , ethiopi .
 school punishes teen who helped drunk friend <sec> erin cox went to a party to pick up a friend who was too drunk to drive , according to reports .  cox 's school charged she violated its zero-tolerance policy against drug and alcohol use .  cox was demoted as captain of the volleyball team and suspended for five games .  reaction online has been fierce , with most expressing outrage at school 's decisio .
 controversy over death of palestinian bus driver <sec> relatives of bus driver found hanged in bus reject police finding of suicide .  yousuf al-ramouni 's brother says he saw bruises and blood on the body .  `` this is not the work of one individual but several individuals , '' he say .
 amy winehouse found not guilty of assault <sec> troubled singer found not guilty of hitting woman at charity ball in september .  amy winehouse pleaded not guilty to the charge of common assault in march .  winehouse 's divorce from blake fielder-civil should be made final next mont .
 the afghan taliban says it supports haqqani , not pakistan <sec> the united states says pakistani intelligence supports the haqqani terror network .  pakistan says it has contacts with the haqqani terrorist network , but no relationship .  the afghan taliban says haqqani takes orders from it .  the united states and pakistan has been in an uneasy alliance in the war against terror since 200 .
 backyard brains : on neuroscience and cockroach legs <sec> backyard brains uses simple , inexpensive tools to teach kids how the brain works .  20 % of the world 's population will be diagnosed with a neurological disorder .  scientists hope to inspire future generations to become interested in neuroscienc .
 on twitter , a curious spike for romney <sec> mitt romney sees a large increase in the number of his followers on twitter .  the republican 's account gained more than 140,000 followers in just two days .  the campaign denies gaming the numbers , which some say appear artificial .  analyst says spike could have been faked to embarrass romne .
 american 's family : she went to syria to help <sec> daughter : nicole mansfield converted to islam years ago , wanted to go to syria .  weeks ago daughter got call from mother saying someone in syria had stolen her id .  family says mansfield is the dead woman in images from syria ; u.s. has n't confirme .
 yemeni leader calls for elections to be held in february <sec> new : white house counterterrorism adviser john brennan urges unity and peace .  yemen 's vice president issues a decree calling for a vote to be held february 21 .  president saleh agreed on wednesday to step down from power .  the decree stipulates that the vote be monitored by an election committe .
 syria draws u.n. ire as it heads toward 'war ' <sec> new : cnn 's arwa damon reports from inside syria .  new : `` the country is heading towards , or already is in , a full-blown war , '' she says .  a funeral is held for 19 soldiers and officers killed by terrorists , sana reports .  u.s. secretary of state clinton vows to help get aid to those wounded and dyin .
 nhl feels the loss from russian plane crash <sec> several former nhl players are believed to have been killed in the crash .  brad mccrimmon , a canadian coach and former nhler , was on the plane .  the crash is a `` catastrophic loss for the hockey world , '' the nhl commissioner say .
 listeria outbreak linked to cheese ; 1 dead , 4 sickened <sec> the listeriosis is linked to les freres cheese made in wisconsin .  people in minnesota , illinois , indiana and ohio have gotten sick .  one person in minnesota died and a pregnant woman had a miscarriage .  the fda and minnesota officials are trying to confirm the sourc .
 obama takes heat for skipping state of the black union <sec> sen. hillary clinton was the only major presidential candidate to accept invitation .  sen. barack obama told organizers he needed to focus on his campaign .  talk show host tavis smiley : it 's a missed opportunity on obama 's part .  smiley tells washington post he 's gotten angry e-mails , threats for criticizing obam .
 'affluenza ' defense psychologist : 'i wish i had n't used that term ' <sec> ethan couch gets 10 years ' probation for driving drunk , killing 4 .  his defense argued he is a victim of `` affluenza '' .  `` we used to call these people spoiled brats , '' says the psychologist who used the term .  prosecutors had sought a 20-year sentence for couch , 1 .
 dos and don'ts for mixing work , social networks <sec> do job-related facebook friends really need to know details of your personal life ? .  facebook user decided to separate her `` friend friends '' and her `` work friends '' .  expert : more than one hour per day on social sites is too much .  set goals for how you use sites and make your friends aware of the .
 opinion : a galaxy full of earths ? <sec> nasa 's kepler telescope discovered a planet that is 10 % larger than earth .  jim bell : the new planet , 186f , may or may not be inhabitable .  he says there appears to be a large number of earth-like extrasolar planets .  bell : discovery supports the idea that habitable worlds are probably commo .
 george clooney pushes 'the monuments men ' to 2014 <sec> george clooney 's drama `` the monuments men '' has been pushed back .  it was originally scheduled for december 18 .  now the movie will open in early 2014 .  it 's not the first film to drop off the 2013 schedul .
 judge rules bus beheading suspect mentally ill <sec> vince weiguang li will be hospitalized at a psychiatric facility .  ruling angers relatives of the victim , tim mclean jr. , 22 .  `` this was justice , '' prosecutor tells canadian television statio .
 fugitive mom on cnn 's 'the hunt ' turns herself in ; daughter still missing <sec> genevieve kelley , featured on cnn 's `` the hunt , '' was on the run since november 2004 .  kelley was wanted for kidnapping her daughter and unlawful flight .  kelley is in the custody of authorities after turning herself in on monday .  the whereabouts of her now 18-year-old daughter are still unknow .
 cosby denies latest allegation , <sec> chloe goins accuses cosby of assaulting her in august 2008 at the playboy mansion .  cosby 's lawyer says the comedian was in new york on the day of the part .
 opinion : obama has explaining to do on benghazi <sec> jason chaffetz : testimony this week on benghazi contradicts administration 's initial narrative .  he says 3 diplomats ' firsthand testimony cast doubt on veracity of administration 's account .  rep. gowdy said an email showed state dept . .  knew islamists , not video , behind attack .  chaffetz : administration has repeatedly misdirected , thwarted congressional investigator .
 gop senators block top obama jobs initiative <sec> bill was on the top of obama 's `` to-do list '' for congress .  measure would give tax breaks to companies that move jobs back to the u.s . .  it also would rescind deductions associated with expenses for moving jobs overseas .  u.s. chamber of commerce : it would `` hamper '' global firms ' competitivenes .
 tony abbott vows to 'shirt-front ' vladimir putin at g20 <sec> australian pm vows to `` shirt-front '' vladimir putin over mh17 at g20 summit in brisbane .  the term comes from australian rules football and refers to an aggressive , front-on challenge .  many australians have expressed dismay at the prospect of putin 's presence at november summit .  russian diplomats describe abbott 's comments as `` immature , '' `` offensive '' and `` insulting .
 brief solar eclipse comes to u.s. east coast at sunrise sunday <sec> partial eclipse will last less than two minutes .  total eclipse is only for parts of atlantic ocean and afric .
 wii-habilitation 'could prevent elderly from falls ' <sec> researchers study whether wii fit can can improve older people 's balance .  residents in english nursing home feel the physical and mental benefits of wii .  falls are the most common cause of accidental deaths in elderly , says researche .
 federal courts in a second obama term : political peril and opportunity <sec> federal judges serve for life , which means a president can shape a far-ranging legacy .  obama named two supreme court justices in his first term .  four of the current justices are in their 70s .  obama has placed 72 women in the federal courts , most ever in a single presidential ter .
 at least 15 killed in nigeria suicide blast <sec> the incident occurred in maiduguri , the capital of restive borno state .  women and boys were among the victims .  people were agitated over the firefighters ' respons .
 love at first listen : albums that shaped your lives <sec> ireporters share the albums that stayed with them throughout their lives .  the moody blues got one ireporter through a near-death experience .  h. michael karshis owns thousands of albums , but loves steely dan the most .  ireport.com : what album had a lasting impact on you .
 mars one hopefuls ponder life without families , favorite foods <sec> mars one will select four astronauts for its first mission .  candidate pool in current round stands at 705 .  some say humanity needs to leave earth for survival .  one man 's wife `` concerned that she 's going to have to watch me die on television .
 attack on u.s. vehicle in pakistan leaves confusion over injuries , possible fatalities <sec> there is confusion about the extent and severity of injuries as a result of the blast .  an explosives-laden car smashed into a vehicle from the u.s. consulate .  the attack took place near the offices of the consulate and unhcr .  the consulate has been the target of earlier attack .
 libyan rebel chief killed in benghazi <sec> `` there 's now a power vacuum within the army , '' reporter says .  the rebel military chief is killed in benghazi .  rebels claim battlefield successes in western liby .
 who is navy yard gunman aaron alexis ? <sec> a friend says alexis was frustrated with life .  alexis ' family did n't `` see it coming , '' his brother-in-law says .  he used a contractor id to access the navy yard , an official says .  alexis claimed he was n't paid by his employer , a friend say .
 how china handles news of gu kailai 's murder trial <sec> chinese media published the same story about gu kailai .  discussions about murder trial have been banned on chinese social media .  gu 's murder trial on thursday lasted 7 hour .
 do n't feel great ? rethink flying , company says <sec> flight attendants call hospital with 24/7 staff , multi-lingual staff who give advice .  pilots , not doctors , decide whether to divert a flight due to passenger illness .  u.s.-based commercial airlines carry defibrillators , oxygen and medical kits .  a passenger died last week aboard an american airlines fligh .
 obama 's fly-fishing trip is apt metaphor for health care pitch <sec> cnn white house producer : fly-fishing is a metaphor that fits obama 's presidency .  beginning anglers desire to catch bigger and bigger fish , expert says .  obama is in the `` big fish '' stage of his presidency , shawna shepherd writes .  delicate processes of political success are like casting , reading the water , etc .
 venezuela 's hugo chavez emerges from 6 hours of surgery <sec> new : state-run media says the operation is a success .  official says chavez is absolutely confident he will overcome his illness .  `` it 's a very delicate operation , '' ecuador 's president says .  analyst : some speculate chavez 's health problems are not life-threatenin .
 san francisco approves public nudity ban ; protesters strip down <sec> the ban does not apply at permitted parades , fairs or festivals .  kgo : nudists file a lawsuit claiming the ban violates first amendment rights .  ordinance sponsor : displaying your genitals is not free expression .  fines range from up to $ 100 to $ 500 ; repeat offenders could face a year in jai .
 'hope my mom is ok ' : tweets from the connecticut school shooting <sec> members of the greater newtown , connecticut community react to friday 's school shootings .  some have relatives who attend or work at the school .  people on twitter posted images from the scene and from a nearby fire statio .
 do n't tell me to dress age appropriately ( opinion ) <sec> carol costello : j.crew ad advises older women to wear 'age-appropriate ' clothes . .  spare me .  she says stars like j . .  lo , madonna do n't apologize for dressing how they want and the look great .  she says she 's through with having total strangers tell her what 's ok for a woman of her age to wea .
 giants star helps newtown family heal <sec> new york giants ' victor cruz was newtown victim jack pinto 's favorite player .  cruz visited the family in newtown this week .  he says he plans to stay in touch with the pintos .  like cruz , many sports stars made a difference in their communities this yea .
 rick perry takes back tweet <sec> texas gov . .  rick perry 's twitter account sent a disparaging graphic of the district attorney .  less than an hour later , perry said he did `` not condone '' i .
 boston fire chief resigns after criticism of bombing response <sec> boston fire chief steve abraira resigns after deputies sigh letter of no confidence .  abraira `` failed to ... show any leadership '' at boston marathon bombings , deputy chiefs say .  abraira defended his actions , saying his trusted the command officer on the scen .
 78 protesters arrested after verdict in killing of unarmed black man <sec> new : 78 protesters arrested in oakland after verdict .  charges include burglary , vandalism , assault , police say .  a former officer was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter for the shooting .  he says he had meant to draw and fire his taser instead of his gu .
 'inside politics ' : holder , clinton and the early vote <sec> as much as 30 % of the vote could come from early balloting .  obama 's next attorney general could be an lgbt trailblazer .  carly fiorina thinking about a 2016 gop presidential bi .
 video shows afroman punching fan <sec> afroman apologizes for incident .  a video shows afroman hitting a fan at a mississippi concert .  the guitarist and rapper was arrested and released on bai .
 occupy , this time for the people 's debt <sec> douglas rushkoff : the occupy movement , in its second term , aims to relieve your debt .  he says occupy involved itself on the ground with superstorm sandy , providing needed relief .  now , he says , the movement is holding telethon to raise money to buy , and then forgive , debt .  rushkoff : banks were bailed out with tax money , occupy aims to bail out the peopl .
 ohio man pleads not guilty in u.s. capitol attack plot <sec> christopher lee cornell , 20 , is charged with attempting to kill government employees .  authorities say he planned to set off bombs at the u.s. capitol and then open fire on people as they fle .
 u.s. teenager lexi thompson wins first major title <sec> 19-year-old becomes second youngest winner of women 's major title .  teenager fires four-under 68 to in final round to beat michelle wie by three strokes .  thompson became youngest lpga tour winner in 201 .
