 firefight along israel-egypt border results in 3 suspects captured <sec> new : sinai security official says suspects were bedouin tobacco smugglers .  a firefight between the soldiers and gunmen on the egyptian side of the border ensued .  three suspects were apprehended ; one person was found dead .  israel has recently increased activity along its western borde .
 california apartments evacuated as cliff erodes <sec> residents of 12-unit building must be out by thursday afternoon , cnn affiliate reports .  chunk of land fell from cliff into pacific ocean earlier , tv station says .  building is on seaside cliff in pacifica , california , near san francisc .
 anti-muslim american bias reaches a new low ( opinion ) <sec> a state representative from oklahoma said muslims are a 'cancer ' in american society .  dean obeidallah says the official has been responsible for other hateful rhetoric .  he says that the response of the religious community in denouncing bennett is encouragin .
 obama says education plan includes charter schools , teacher salaries <sec> new : obama says charter schools , teacher education and parent involvement are key .  the race to the top program rewards states for aggressive education reform .  new : obama says states have already begun to raise their education standard .
 chinese baby , rescued from toilet , is released to grandparents <sec> a baby boy is rescued from a toilet pipe in eastern china .  police believe it was an accident how baby got into toilet .  the baby is released to his maternal grandparents .  a police officer says mother was embarrassed to be single and give birt .
 greenpeace shuts down bp stations in london <sec> greenpeace protesters shut down bp stations in london .  at least 40 stations were affected .  protestors covered bp signs with posters .  most of the stations are running agai .
 family walk out of inquest into u.s. engineer 's death <sec> parents of american shane todd walk out of singapore inquiry into engineer 's death .  mother says an exhumation may be only way to prove family 's contention he was murdered .  the todds contend their son was murdered because of his knowledge of research project .  the companies ime and huawei assert no project agreement was conclude .
 israel says man spied for iran , carried photos of u.s. embassy <sec> new : iranian foreign ministry says it is doing its own investigation .  israel says a man admitted to spying for iran .  israel says the man had photos of u.s. embassy , other sites when he was arrested .  suspect 's attorney says client had no intent to harm israe .
 obama and putin discuss syria , other topics during two-hour talk <sec> iran and trade also are discussed by the two leaders .  president obama and russian president putin meet at the g-20 summit .  obama says they agreed on a need to end the violence in syria and prevent civil war .  putin says he and obama found many `` commonalities .
 costa rican president sick with swine flu <sec> president oscar arias has been diagnosed with the h1n1 virus , government says .  arias fell ill sunday , complaining of a sore throat and a temperature .  arias is expected to return to work on monday , presidential minister says .  as of last friday , there were 718 confirmed cases of the h1n1 virus in costa ric .
 congressional candidate defends wearing nazi outfit for re-enactment <sec> rich iott is running for u.s. congress from ohio 's 9th congressional district .  iott says re-enactments teach history .  his group 's website does not mention the holocaust directly .  a democratic spokesman calls iott a `` nazi enthusiast .
 honduras suspended from oas <sec> organization of american states suspend honduras in wake of coup .  thousands of supporters at airport for return of ousted president jose zelaya .  organization of american states wants zelaya restored to power .  newly installed president says jose zelaya will be arrested upon retur .
 company : shards of glass in frozen veggie bags came from 1 lot of peas <sec> five consumers said they found pieces of glass in frozen vegetables .  the vegetables were sold at kroger and wal-mart stores .  the supplier of those vegetables initiated a voluntary recall of products that contain peas .  the company now traces the problem to a single lot of pea .
 rugby sevens in las vegas : 'like mardi gras and the olympics ' <sec> south africa wins the u.s. leg of the rugby sevens world series .  the springboks beat new zealand in the deciding match in las vegas .  rugby sevens is a scaled down version rugby union .  the world series takes place across nine different countrie .
 developers , ranchers encroaching on many of world 's forests <sec> un : more than 50,000 square miles of forest lost each year .  most trees cut down for international sale .  some forests making comeback in u.s. , europ .
 button quickest in turkish gp practice <sec> jenson button is quickest in practice ahead of turkish grand prix on sunday .  the world champion finishes ahead of red bull pair mark webber and sebastian vettel .  button 's mclaren teammate lewis hamilton set the fastest lap in the morning sessio .
 chef colicchio : do n't fear fine dining <sec> james beard `` outstanding chef '' tom colicchio : fine restaurants are n't snobbish .  he says do n't expect piles of food , just high-quality food at upscale restaurants .  `` best service '' winner chef grant achatz says cuisine is challenging , not the staff .  he says giggles are ok : `` relax . .  you 're here to have a good time .
 toure : man city can be like barcelona <sec> manchester city midfielder yaya toure says the club can potentially rival barcelona .  city on top in england this season after the arrival of several big-name signings .  toure hails manager roberto mancini 's switch to a more attacking style of play .  he will miss part of the season when he goes to africa cup of nations in januar .
 items that might be linked to case of missing maine toddler recovered <sec> forensics team in maine analyzing items found behind office complex in waterville .  they hope to determine whether they are linked to missing ayla reynolds .  maine police refused to describe the items or say how many were recovered .  ayla was 20 months old when she went missing in decembe .
 best romantic summer getaways <sec> these ten spots around the world are ready-made for romance .  enjoy the alfresco cafes of this charming croatian city to the north .  bali has stunning scenery , spirituality and romantic world-class resort .
 the science of kissing <sec> sheril kirshenbaum : a kiss can tell us to pursue a deeper connection with someone or to back off .  she says science is unraveling the mystery of how this happens .  a passionate kiss acts as a drug , causing chemical changes in the body , she say .
 goldie hawn : woes of young stars like justin bieber 'heartbreaking ' <sec> goldie hawn is in davos to talk about the importance of neuroscience and mindfulness .  the oscar-winning actress spoke to cnn anchor nina dos santos friday .  during her interview she said dui- accused justin bieber 's situation was `` heartbreaking '' .  but hawn expressed hope that the world 's ceos were adopting `` mindful leadership .
 thrifty shoppers rediscover secondhand fashion <sec> secondhand clothing and vintage finds are showing up in couture , everyday work wear .  goodwill industries reported an 83 % increase in year-to-date revenue from 2007 to 2012 .  saving money and discovering unique finds has become trendy again .  avid thrift shopper keren charles organized atlanta 's first thrift fashion week this sprin .
 white house spokesman says obama will meet with dalai lama <sec> new : obama to meet dalai lama in his capacity as a `` respected religious and cultural leader '' .  china warns a meeting between the two would `` seriously undermine sino-u.s. ties '' .  beijing accuses the dalai lama of advocating for tibetan independence .  the tibetan spiritual leader fled china in 1959 , now lives in indi .
 rhode island school reaches deal to rehire fired teachers , union says <sec> rhode island high school that fired all its teachers reaches tentative agreement to rehire them .  school board had fired 93 teachers , administrators and others over low student performance .  the deal includes measures to improve student achievement .  the agreement still must be ratified by teacher .
 letterman : i faced extortion over sexual affairs <sec> letterman tells audience he is the victim of an extortion attempt .  host says someone threatened to reveal sexual relations unless he paid $ 2 million .  host admitted having sexual relations with staff members in grand jury testimony .  letterman makes revelation during his show 's taping on thursda .
 new 'beauty ' finds its beast -- and gaston <sec> dan stevens of `` downton abbey '' is to play the beast .  luke evans is cast as gaston in the live-action film .  emma watson is playing bell .
 nasa : last decade was warmest ever <sec> 2000 to 2009 was the warmest decade since records began .  2005 was warmest year of all time , 2008 coolest in decade .  global temperatures have risen 0.8 degrees celsius since 188 .
 u.s. 'advising ' airlines to 'comply ' with china request on disputed zone <sec> u.s. official : the u.s. is `` advising '' air carriers to `` comply '' with china 's request .  it 's `` for safety , '' even if the u.s. does n't recognize china 's new air defense zone .  china says two u.s. military planes , 10 japanese military planes entered disputed zone .  the zone is part of a rapidly escalating dispute over east china sea territor .
 yemeni commandos raid al qaeda hideouts <sec> official : raids are part of recent operations to crack down on al qaeda in the arabian peninsula .  more than 60 suspected al qaeda militants killed april 19-21 , yemeni officials sa .
 teen christians campaign against pop culture <sec> thousands of teens attend christian rallies each year .  many of the rallies attempt to offer an alternative to secular popular culture .  opponents say these impose conservative values on vulnerable teenager .
 israeli navy stops ship bound for gaza <sec> new : ship 's objective was to provoke and `` blacken israel 's name , '' netanyahu says .  despite repeated warnings , the ship keeps moving toward gaza , israel says .  the passengers are taken into custody .  previous flotillas have sparked international controvers .
 testers smuggle bomb parts into buildings ; official takes blame <sec> report questions effectiveness of federal protective service .  plainclothes investigators test security at 10 federal buildings in 4 u.s. cities .  gao agents able to assemble components in restrooms , enter offices .  agency chief says changes made but effects wo n't be felt for month .
 jump racing 's winning machine reaches 4,000 mark <sec> tony mccoy rides his 4,000th winner in steeplechase racing .  39-year-old from northern ireland has broken all records in his sport .  nearest challenger over 1,500 winners behind .  mccoy is an 18 time champion in britai .
 assange disregards questions on free press , his reported ill health <sec> ecuador granted julian assange asylum in august .  the committee to protect journalists says ecuador has one of the worst press freedom records .  `` whatever little things occurring in small countries are not of concern , '' assange says .  assange fled to the ecuadorian embassy in london in jun .
 cardiac-arrest victims ' parents push for school defibrillators <sec> parents of two teens who died of cardiac arrest push for defibrillators in all schools .  automated external defibrillators can shock the heart back into rhythm .  bill introduced in u.s. house to require defibrillators in public school .
 thai pm fired over cookery show <sec> thai court fires pm sundaravej for violating constitution .  sundaravej participated in television cooking show .  ministers in thailand are barred from working for private companie .
 boyfriend charged in death of swimsuit designer <sec> new : nick brooks is charged with attempted murder and strangulation .  city medical examiner says the initial autopsy is inconclusive .  a swimsuit designer was found dead in a bathtub at an exclusive new york hotel on thursday .  sylvie cachay sustained bruising on her neck and bite marks , police sai .
 australian pm announces new elections for september 7 <sec> australian prime minister kevin rudd announced sunday that national elections will take place september 7 .  rudd challenged gillard for leadership of the labor party and won a 57-4 .
 police : 3 men fatally shot on busy street in kenya ; officers suspended <sec> three police officers are suspended in the killings .  the pictures ran in kenya 's main newspaper .  a 2009 u.n. report accused kenyan police of misusing its powe .
 cops : suspect in santa massacre had planned to flee <sec> new : 911 call : `` please come immediately ... he 's shooting ! .  he 's shooting ! '' .  police say suspect had flight scheduled from los angeles to canada .  cops say santa suit melted onto suspects body .  body of missing ninth person found in ashes , coroner 's office say .
 british , french nuclear submarines collide <sec> british , french nuclear submarines collide in atlantic , defense ministries confirm .  accident occured during `` routine patrols , '' defense ministries say .  both vessels , hms vanguard , le triomphant , armed with nuclear warheads .  anti-nuclear group : incident is `` a nuclear nightmare of the highest order .
 cubans eager to take advantage of looser travel rules <sec> cubans will now be able to leave the island with only a passport .  they will be able to stay abroad for two years , take small children along .  u.s. state department says it 's preparing for a possible increase in cuban visa request .
 egypt 's elections ca n't be trusted <sec> schneider , naga : amid violence against protesters , egyptians have lost faith in military .  protesters demand ruling supreme council of the armed forces step aside , they say .  the current parliamentary elections are tainted by the military council , they say .  egyptians are determined to reclaim their country , schneider and naga sa .
 world rejects new protections for polar bears <sec> u.s. wanted effective ban on trade of polar bear parts .  plan voted down at endangered species conference , 42-38 .  canada says hunting does not threaten bear population .
 police : pennsylvania suspect might target more officers <sec> pennsylvania state troopers , town hurting as slain officer is buried .  eric matthew frein , 31 , is wanted in the state trooper 's death .  police : frein was part of military simulation group , is now `` acting it out in real life '' .  friend : most of his aggression was toward the federal governmen .
 jurors chosen in trial of man accused of killing hudson relatives <sec> new : 18 jurors are selected in total , including six alternates .  william balfour is accused of fatally shooting hudson 's mother , brother and nephew .  balfour , the estranged husband of hudson 's sister , has denied the charges .  opening statements are set for april 23 , and the trial may last four weeks , the judge say .
 automated cockpit systems key to asiana probe <sec> government weather-related closing prompts postponement of ntsb hearing .  asiana airlines flight 214 crashed on landing in san francisco in may .  three people were killed and more than 180 others were hurt .  probe looks closely at pilot action aboard the boeing 77 .
 vatican protesters gather in nyc <sec> catholic activists gathered in front of a manhattan cathedral tuesday .  they were protesting a vatican reprimand of america 's largest organization of catholic nuns .  the church accused the organization of sponsoring `` certain radical feminist themes '' .  last week , crowds gathered in cincinnati in a similar protes .
 fox pulls 'ben and kate ' <sec> fox is pulling `` ben and kate '' from its schedule .  abc blinked first , yanking its tuesday comedy `` do n't trust the b—- in apt . .  23 '' .  fox says the remaining `` ben and kate '' episodes will air at some poin .
 photos show joplin 's triumphant recovery from tornado <sec> ireporters revisit the scenes of joplin destruction .  the pace of recovery `` gives you hope for the future , '' one ireporter says .  shadows and remnants of the storm remai .
 thai police seeking more suspects in relation to bangkok blasts <sec> a thai court issues a fifth arrest warrant in relation to bombings in bangkok last week .  the police say they also plan to seek a sixth court warrant .  the bangkok blasts came after bombs targeted israelis in india and georgia .  israel and iran have traded accusations over who is to blame for the bombing .
 avalanches cut road travel to valdez , alaska <sec> officials urge evacuations after only highway is shut down .  water has begun to accumulate behind the snow and debris created by the avalanches .  the richardson highway is expected to remain closed for about a week .  a shelter has been established in a high school and teen center for people who evacuate .
 chavez clown prince of a decaying society <sec> david frum : venezuela 's hugo chavez has won ; his system of rule suspect , sinister .  he says venezuela election fraud system evident in rigged media , vote-buying , police threat .  he says robberies and eavesdropping routine , economy in awful shape under chavez .  frum : did venezuelans really vote for this ? .  hard to say in a society like i .
 feds charge 57 members , associates of mexican mafia in california <sec> federal authorities accuse mexican mafia and an affiliate gang with racketeering .  charges include drug trafficking , assaults and murder .  26 of 57 defendants were arrested ; 25 others were already in prison .  the remaining six are fugitive .
 some conservatives : holder playing racial politics <sec> attorney general eric holder sees racial animus in conservative pushback .  conservatives see obama administration as playing to `` fears '' of minority voters .  a difference in perspectives on race at play , experts say .  bias can be subtle but have big impact , scholars sa .
 engineer sent text 22 seconds before fatal train crash <sec> new : ap : senate passes bill to give billions to amtrak .  crash killed 25 people , including train engineer robert sanchez -- the texter .  ntsb : text sent at 4:22:01 p.m. on september 12 ; crash happened at 4:22:23 .  after crash , california public utilities commission banned texting on the jo .
 fresh report , 'rumors flying ' of past secret service misconduct <sec> new : a congresswoman says the secret service will institute steps to prevent future issues .  new : they include restricting agents ' guests or from patronizing places like strip clubs .  kiro reports secret service agents went to a strip club , solicited women in el salvador .  some secret service members allegedly paid for sexual favors , took strippers back to their hote .
 libya 's aerial onslaught steps up pressure for no-fly zone <sec> new : obama says the u.s. is examining `` a full range of options '' .  new : libyan state tv says the dutch crew was in a fighter helicopter .  bombs dropped on al-brega and ajdabiya .  the international criminal court prosecutor puts libyan leaders `` on notice .
 what post-9/11 u.s. can teach france <sec> france has had no murders but has seen more anti-muslim violence since paris attacks .  philippe coste : france must avoid lashing out at muslims through the courts out of anger .  france must now inward and examine alienation that muslims feel - cost .
 transfer window : the rise and rise of martin odegaard <sec> transfer of 16-year-old martin odegaard second most tweeted about in january .  chelsea 's move for colombian juan cuadrado was the most tweeted about .  wilfried bony the most expensive signing of transfer window in epl .  january spending totaled $ 195m compared to $ 1.25 bn in augus .
 more residents to return to their neighborhoods in fire-stricken texas <sec> four subdivisions will be reopened monday in bastrop county .  more than 1,500 homes have burned .  six people are unaccounted for .  it is the worst dry spell for the state since 189 .
 tv sitcom pioneer gale storm dies <sec> her first tv show , `` my little margie , '' set the sitcom stage with lucille ball .  gale storm was born josephine owaissa cottle in bloomington , texas .  storm has three hollywood walk of fame stars for recording , radio and televisio .
 migrants use zip line to cross guatemala-mexico border <sec> zip lines cross the suchiate river on the guatemala-mexico border .  people entering mexico illegally can ride across for a relatively modest sum .  a long and dangerous road still lies ahead for those heading for the u.s .
