 iranian 'plots ' and american hubris <sec> flynt leverett and hillary mann leveret say joe biden and hillary clinton reflect a hubristic version of reality .  they also say u.s. foreign policy misunderstands the islamic republic 's national security strategy .  and that saudi leadership is trying to push back by portraying iran as an `` alien '' , shia/persian element in its environment .  the obama administration 's `` calls for more concerted action against iran will ultimately backfire .
 sonic cooker uses sound waves to reduce energy poverty <sec> new multi-purpose biomass stove generates electricity from sound waves created by cooking .  score-stove currently undergoing field trials in nepal and bangladesh .  los alamos national laboratory assisted british researchers with thermo-acoustic technolog .
 mugabe attends susan tsvangirai memorial service <sec> hundreds of people gathered at the glamis stadium in the capital , harare .  mugabe : `` tell our supporters that the issue of violence must end '' .  susan tsvangirai died friday after car was hit by a truck head-on .  tsvangirai : there was no foul play , `` it was an accident that ... took her life .
 racing santander banned from copa del rey after on-pitch boycott <sec> racing santander players stage boycott of copa del rey quarterfinal .  angry about unpaid wages at cash-strapped club .  real sociedad led 3-1 after first leg on their home ground .  new : spanish federation ban racing from next season 's competitio .
 police detain 'suspicious ' man , search vehicle near pentagon <sec> new : detained man is a u.s. marine reservist .  roads reopen after security closures .  a white house spokesman says no explosives are found .  the fbi searches a house in connection with the investigatio .
 somali militants claim responsibility for uganda bombings <sec> eighty-five people wounded in blasts , including five americans .  somali islamist militant spokesman says uganda had been warned .  ugandan president declares week of mourning for victims .  death toll from uganda bombings at 74 , including one america .
 andean accessories sow seeds of growth <sec> american entrepreneur helping impoverished families in ecuador sell their jewelry .  trade is bringing social change to villagers near otavalo .  accessories in the andean collection made with local seeds from ecuadorian rainforest .  villagers ' products now being sold in 1,500 stores worldwid .
 florida reform school investigation finds no grounds for prosecutions <sec> state finds insufficient evidence to prosecute ex-workers at dozier school for boys .  former students say workers beat , sexually assaulted them at the marianna reform school .  state attorney : time elapsed since alleged crimes hindered `` bringing criminal cases '' .  allegations against school workers were made by men who are now in their 60 .
 boy , 11 , hops plane to rome without ticket or passport <sec> the boy slips away from his mother at a shopping center and ends up on a plane .  he evades passport control and boarding pass checks .  he returns home when the plane comes back to england the same day .  the airport insists the incident was not a security breac .
 survey : africans ready for african pope <sec> more than 80 % of africans surveyed say africa is ready for african pope , but fewer believe world is ready .  20,000 people in 11 african nations answered questions about attitudes to the pope and catholicism .  africans shared thoughts on the catholic church and faith , racism , homosexuality and the futur .
 filmmaker explores pros , cons of being 'connected ' <sec> filmmaker tiffany shlain has a new documentary , `` connected , '' about our digital lifestyle .  shlain : there 's a good and bad side to technology , and both help shape society .  she and her family shut off all technology one day a week .  for first time , number of u.s. cell phone subscribers has surpassed populatio .
 monfils ruled out until 2013 <sec> gael monfils ruled out of action until new year .  frenchman 's ranking has dropped from seven to 47 .  knee problem prevented him playing at full power .  tommy haas records 500th career victory at austrian ope .
 ron paul : codger , crank or more ? <sec> david frum says ron paul is riding high in gop polls .  he says paul benefits from an image of being a codger unafraid to say what he thinks .  frum says racist remarks in paul 's newsletters belie the benign image he projects .  he says paul has peddled extreme views for his personal benefi .
 rwanda 's b-boys : from the streets to break beats <sec> les enfants de dieu is a care center that gives food and shelter to street kids in kigali , rwanda .  the center 's 126 boys , aged 6 to 18 , love to dance and are passionate about hip-hop .  uk hip-hop dancers traveled to kigali last year to teach the children how to `` break '' .  the project was captured in `` yes , man , '' a film to be shown at london 's africa utopia festiva .
 thousands mourn cuban revolutionary <sec> cuban revolutionary juan almeida died of a heart attack friday evening .  thousands gathered in the cuban capital on sunday to pay their respects .  he was among only a few black leaders in top government posts .  almeida fought with the castros at the start of their revolutio .
 72-hour warning given to indonesia death row inmates <sec> australian and philippines governments given notice their nationals will be executed in 72 hours .  they include philippines maid mary jane velos and australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran .  australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pai .
 feds : california company , its president plead guilty in growth hormone case <sec> dnp international and its president plead guilty .  owner david ji pleads guilty to a felony count .  he faces up to 10 years in prison .  sentencing set for december 1 .
 awarded nation 's highest honor , soldier says he felt 'lost , ' 'angry ' <sec> staff sgt . .  sal giunta is the first living recipient of the medal of honor since vietnam .  taliban ambushed giunta 's squadron in afghanistan .  giunta saves buddy from taliban kidnapping , but brennan dies of wounds the next da .
 turkey detains freelance journalist for alleged ties to kurdish rebels <sec> he is charged with taking orders from a terrorist organization .  turkey often refers to kurdistan workers ' party as a terrorist group .  american diplomats say jake hess did not want help .  hess says he is not kurdistan workers ' party accomplic .
 more royal nudity : britain 's kate upset about topless photos <sec> lawyer says closer magazine may face heavy sanctions over the photographs .  william and catherine are `` hugely saddened '' by the invasion of privacy , palace says .  the topless photographs are grainy and appear to have been taken with a long lens .  closer magazine editor defends decision to publish : `` we were just doing our job .
 'mommy bloggers ' vow to avoid ethical conflicts <sec> 'mommy bloggers ' are fighting what they fear is a backlash against their profession .  bloggers have been criticized for not disclosing relationships with advertisers .  women bloggers launch 'blog with integrity , ' 'pr blackout ' campaigns .  the ftc is reviewing federal guidelines for all blogger .
 chavez reveals personal side , criticizes u.s . <sec> venezuelan president hugo chavez says he loves jesus christ , u.s. people , culture .  chavez says he hopes for improved relations with u.s. president barack obama .  he denies he is trying to shut down critical media in venezuela .  he denies iran would help venezuela obtain nuclear technolog .
 barack obama : clark kent becomes superman ? ( opinion ) <sec> gloria borger : obama uses executive powers aggressively despite electoral losses .  she says obama does n't have to soft-pedal his stances , since he faces no more elections .  obama has acted on immigration , climate change and cuba in a matter of weeks .  borger : the moves are going to scramble the races for president in 201 .
 pampering cows the wagyu way <sec> martine chapman and mohsin altajir moved from dubai to perthshire , scotland , to start producing the meat .  to keep the cattle happy -- and ensure the beef tastes good -- they feed the herd with seaweed and omega three .  mohsin 's family owns highland spring water and the 25,000 acres of land surrounding i .
 fight for kobani intensifies ; isis takes iraq base <sec> three separate blasts in baghdad kill at least 17 people , sources say .  cnn team on the turkey-syria border describe fierce fighting for the city of kobani .  a kurdish fighter says it will be `` impossible '' to hold kobani if current conditions continue .  iraq 's military leaves an important military base in anbar province to isis , sources sa .
 2 dead , 1 missing after slim jim plant explosion <sec> new : police : teams looking for missing person , trying to recover two bodies .  part of roof collapses in explosion at conagra foods plant in north carolina .  at least 38 taken to hospitals ; four said to be in critical condition .  officials do n't know cause of blas .
 shift in relations ? phone call between obama , rouhani - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the call lasted 15 minutes , susan rice tells cnn .  she characterized it as `` cordial and constructive '' .  rouhani 's tweets reflected tone of conversation , white house official says .  rouhani tweets the conversation about nuclear negotiation .
 reprieve for greek state broadcaster , for now <sec> greece 's top court orders the government to resume state broadcasts .  state broadcaster ert will air only until a new media group is created .  the court partially overturns the government 's decision to suspend ert .  the government 's decision was a budget-cutting mov .
 travel industry grapples with swine flu <sec> u.s. issues an advisory against non-essential travel to mexico .  tourism industry waiting to see effects of swine flu .  mexico tourism already dealing with reports of violence .  theme parks , cruise lines and others monitoring situatio .
 secret sketches a da vinci mystery <sec> three sketches found under leonardo da vinci painting .  tests continuing to determine if the drawings were by da vinci .  drawings are a horse 's head , a partial skull and infant jesus with lam .
 romney campaign co-chair 'not happy ' with interest in 2016 - cnnpolitics.com <sec> mitt romney 's 2012 campaign co-chair is `` not happy '' about his interest in 2016 .  `` there 's not a lot of good precedent '' for someone running successfully a third time , he said .  romney 's expressed interest has prompted criticism from all quarter .
 transfer of u.s. okinawa troops a doubly good move <sec> 9,000 marines will be tranferred from okinawa to guam , hawaii and australia .  this resolves a pact to reduce u.s. troops in okinawa , easing local tensions .  cronin : the move also balances u.s. military presence in the asia-pacific region .  cronin : u.s. presence helps preserve order , influence in the fast-growing regio .
 in hunting for celebrity graves , michael jackson 's may be difficult <sec> celebrities ' graves become public shrines for fans and followers .  grave hunters say people will try visit michael jackson 's burial site .  forest lawn memorial park employees wo n't say whether jackson 's body is there .  funeral company has stringent security patrols .
 man accused of plotting to kill irs agent <sec> florida man targeted irs agent who was investigating him , officials say .  prosecutors : man met undercover fbi agent , thinking agent was a hit man .  man made $ 10,000 down payment to undercover agent , authorities say .  if convicted , man could get up to 20 years in priso .
 does iran back u.s. military intervention in iraq ? <sec> alex vatanka writes that tehran is relieved by the u.s. decision to strike isis .  political hawks in iran are avoiding admitting shared goals with the u.s. , he says .  but vatanka says both agree on the need for airstrikes and new leadership in iraq .  recent trends suggest that tehran 's moderates have the upper hand , he suggest .
 rare cole goal leaves chelsea top of the english premier league <sec> ashley cole scores late winner as chelsea beat stoke city 1-0 .  four wins from five games leave european champions top of epl .  everton go second with 3-0 win at 10-man swansea .  promoted southampton thrash aston villa for first points of seaso .
 ex-captive bowe bergdahl to start work at army post <sec> sgt . .  bowe bergdahl will take desk job at army post in texas , military spokesman says .  bergdahl has finished therapy at an army hospital in san antonio .  stress will `` increase dramatically '' for soldier , mental health expert says .  he was released in may after five years in exchange for the u.s. freeing five taliban member .
 india defeats arch-rival pakistan at cricket world cup <sec> india beats pakistan in world cup cricket opener for both sides .  india is the reigning champion after 2011 triumph on home soil .  virat kohli century inspires 76-run victory in adelaide .  early victories for hosts australia and new zealand on opening weekend of tournamen .
 shutdown key issue in special senate election <sec> democrat cory booker front-runner in short campaign against gop 's steve lonegan .  race seen as proxy fight over issues on national scene - shutdown and obamacare .  winner will replace the late frank lautenberg in state led by republican but that went for obama .  special election three weeks before chris christie faces voters in reelection bi .
 u.n. : 15,000 flee southern darfur <sec> refugees seek security and shelter at refugee camp in north darfur .  darfur government has waged counter-insurgency war against militias for six years .  darfur violence erupted in 2003 after rebel uprising against sudanese governmen .
 josh hardy 's father says son faces 'long road to recovery ' <sec> 7-year-old josh hardy receives a drug his family hopes will save his life .  company officials had first denied his family 's request for the medicine .  they were pressured online and reversed course .  the boy is expected to take the drug , brincidofovir , for at least 12 week .
 saudi king appoints first woman to council <sec> saudi king abdullah appoints a woman to council of ministers for first time .  king appoints noor al-fayez as deputy minister for women 's education .  khaled al-maeena , editor-in-chief of arab news , says people `` excited '' by mov .
 will air traffic overhaul make us safer ? <sec> nextgen u.s. air traffic overhaul aims to improve safety with new technology .  faa is switching from radar tracking to more accurate gps tracking .  steps being taken to protect gps-based tracking from `` spoofing '' hackers .  dot warns about security gaps unless authorities coordinate on tracking coverag .
 bling , kebabs , cocktails : guinness world records moves to dubai <sec> guinness will open office in dubai so people in region can have attempts certified .  the region has seen huge growth in recent years .  guinness : organization is moving with times in bid to attract younger reader .
 state democrats absent for vote as wisconsin budget protests swell <sec> new : madison school district cancels classes for third straight day .  16 wisconsin state senators did not appear at the capitol for a scheduled vote .  house speaker john boehner says walker is daring to speak the truth .  opponents say the governor 's budget is a union-busting tacti .
 review : 'john carter ' is a sci-fi adventure <sec> taylor kitsch is a kind of buck rogers prototype in `` john carter '' .  this is a movie comfortable with its own absurdity .  the movie 's plot construction is rickety ; the opening is needlessly confusin .
 south korean , u.s. forces raise surveillance alert level <sec> joint forces in s. korea elevate surveillance alert in response to n. korean threat .  combat alert level unchanged , s. korean military spokesman says .  north korea tested nuclear device , missiles , threatened military actio .
 peru 's pregnant women dying at 'scandalous ' rates <sec> new amnesty report says peru 's poor pregnant women dying of neglect .  peru has one of the highest rates of maternal mortality in the americas .  in wealthy developed nations , only 9 women die for every 100,000 births .  problems faced include a lack of health staff who speak indigenous language .
 apparently this matters : new baby zonkey <sec> a baby zonkey was recently born at a zoo in crimea .  the mother was a zebra , and the father was a donkey .  the newborn is named telegraph in honor of a local newspape .
 wounded uk journalist blasts 'butchery , ' recalls harrowing escape from syria <sec> paul conroy was hurt while surreptitously reporting from homs , syria .  his sunday times ' colleague , marie colvin , was killed in the same attack .  he fled syria on motorbikes , vans and cars through tunnels and battlefields .  `` this regime will continue to exterminate civilians , '' he say .
 malaysian plane shot down in ukraine : what happened ? <sec> donetsk rebel official : plane shot down , but not by us .  malaysian official says the crash site 's integrity has been compromised .  president obama says evidence points to a missile strike by pro-russian rebels .  russia could face increasing international isolation and tougher sanction .
 police station torched as fighting engulfs egyptian city <sec> new : kerry focuses on the importance of democracy , economy .  people gathered at a port said police station and threw rocks and molotov cocktails .  there has long been tense ties between port said and cairo .  there has also been unrest in another city , mansour .
 why beatlemania could never happen today <sec> 50th anniversary of beatles on `` ed sullivan show '' is february 9 .  event was most-watched entertainment program of its time .  beatles ' performance helped kick off cultural revolutio .
 discovery launch delayed by a day over weather concerns <sec> the shuttle was set to blast off on thursday afternoon .  discovery has flown more missions than any other shuttle .  it flew the first female shuttle pilot and the first african-american spacewalke .
 turkish politician quits over sex scandal <sec> deniz baykal blames government for allowing secret video recording .  `` there is a conspiracy against me , '' baykal says .  resignation comes ahead of referendum on constitutional changes opposed by bayka .
 a year after doma : choosing both love and country <sec> a year ago , the supreme court struck down the defense of marriage act .  that opened doors for binational same-sex couples to say in the united states .  some dreaded visa expiry dates ; others were forced to leave america to stay together .  with doma gone , they no longer have to make difficult choice .
 south carolina 's first lady , scrutinized <sec> friend : jenny sanford , former wall street executive , is avoiding media .  gov . .  mark sanford 's wife ran his political campaigns , was major force in his career .  governor 's e-mails called `` novel that you would be embarrassed to buy .
 the next wave of european pop stars invade l.a . <sec> pop stars from all over europe are setting their sights on the u.s. market .  estonia 's kerli , italy 's marco bosco and austria 's fawni want to make it big in l.a . .  los angeles has long been a destination for european artists seeking fam .
 police : abandoned quadriplegic man 's mom in 'treatment ' <sec> philadelphia police add attempted murder to list of charges mom will face .  mom told police son was with her in maryland , but he was found friday alone in woods .  victim being treated for malnutrition , dehydration ; mother faces host of charges after extraditio .
 2 u.s. soldiers killed in philippines bomb blast <sec> christopher d. shaw , 37 , and jack m. martin iii , 26 , killed on island of jolo .  both awarded bronze star , purple heart , meritorious service medal posthumously .  tuesday 's bombing was second fatal attack on americans working with filipinos .  one filipino soldier was also killed , and two more were wounde .
 10 killed in kashmir fighting <sec> 10 dead in kashmir gunfights between indian troops , separatist militants .  incident comes after india accuses pakistani troops of firing on indian troops .  kashmir has been in throes of separatist campaign for 20 year .
 bus driver says he was fired over planned parenthood dispute <sec> minister says he lost his job after he refused to `` take someone to have an abortion '' .  he had been assigned to drive a woman to a planned parenthood office .  planned parenthood provides a range of services , including those related to abortio .
 at distracted driving forum , a focus on danger beyond '2 seconds ' <sec> experts say a distraction of more than 2 seconds is dangerous .  the ntsb wants to ban use of hands-free devices in cars .  cell phones are more distracting than talking to passengers , experts sa .
 klinsmann takes over as u.s. soccer team coach <sec> klinsmann was tapped a day after u.s. men 's coach was fired .  he has a mixed record as a coach .  his first match will be a highly anticipated bout against mexic .
