 twitter analytics could have been a money-making machine <sec> twitter is launching an analytics service that lets users track the popularity of their tweets .  facebook insight allows users to optimize their facebook usage to achieve their business goals .  unlike third parties , twitter can put its product directly in front of its 175 million user .
 somali shot after allegedly attempting to attack danish cartoonist <sec> assailant allegedly tried to enter the home of danish political cartoonist kurt westergaard .  westergaard known for his controversial depictions of the muslim prophet mohammed .  since 2006 , danish authorities arrested others allegedly plotting to kill westergaar .
 burning down the house <sec> carbon scenarios report says eu , uk global warming targets `` unrealistic '' .  report 's author : `` we have failed . .  we will not prevent two degrees of warming '' .  document explores three scenarios for global warming under different policies .  proposes radical shift in policy to introduce global carbon caps and permit .
 taliban claim responsibility for pakistan blasts that killed 50 <sec> new : death toll at 50 , more than 70 people injured .  taliban claim responsibility for blasts .  the blast goes off before a meeting between officials and a volunteer militia .  it occurs in mohmand agency in the country 's tribal regio .
 why is everyone so happy i 'm in a relationship ? <sec> columnist dumped by former fiance announces new relationship on facebook .  she expected only a couple of `` likes '' reactions from her friends .  she got dozens of reactions from `` thumbs up '' to likes to comments .  but nobody reacted to her boyfriend 's change of statu .
 jury finds sect leader guilty of sexual assault <sec> new : the penalty phase of the trial will continue friday .  the texas attorney general says prosecutors are seeking a life sentence .  `` i am at peace , '' warren jeffs mumbles during closing arguments .  prosecutors : recording played for jurors documents sexual assault of a chil .
 man gets 6 months for sexual assault of airplane passenger <sec> georgia man convicted of sexual assault of sleeping passenger .  woman says she woke up and fellow passenger was touching her .  he touched her below the waist again after she complained , she say .
 saudi king leaves ny hospital <sec> it is not known how long king abdullah will remain in new york .  he undergoes two successful surgerie .
 analysis : why a government shutdown ( probably ) wo n't happen <sec> the federal government is facing a possible shutdown next week .  the government has been here before in 1995 and 1996 .  history may give congress pause before embarking on another shutdow .
 mom claims in viral blog that disabled child denied transplant <sec> new jersey mom wrote that a doctor rejected transplant based on `` mental delays '' .  the hospital has faced much criticism from social media .  topic of transplants for mentally disabled patients is a complex on .
 students stunned -- and tired -- about taser incident <sec> about 350 students protest police use of taser on student .  campus seems evenly divided on whether police acted correctly .  case is the talk of the university of florid .
 like it or not , china and europe 's economies intertwined <sec> cnn 's jim boulden writes he hardly hears positive stories about china 's influence in europe .  europe 's and china 's economies are intertwined .  a change of leadership in beijing will not have much impact in europ .
 dea : suburban mom by day , pot grower by night <sec> andrea sanderlin pleads not guilty to federal narcotics charges .  federal authorities say she ran a warehouse full of 1,000 marijuana plants .  they arrested her after she drove to the warehouse in queens .  sanderlin lives in suburbs with two daughters , 3 and 1 .
 syrian rebels reject interim government , embrace sharia <sec> syrian rebel brigades oppose western-backed group that announced government in exile .  thirteen rebel groups call on supporters of the syrian opposition to embrace sharia .  moderate opposition groups appear to have suffered a series of setbacks this month .  secular syrian activists have been warning of the rise of islamist group .
 do n't let a hospital kill your child <sec> katie dropped from 120 to 90 pounds because of the infection she picked up at the hospital .  the bacteria that made her sick is called clostridium difficile , according to a new study .  yogurt helps restore the good bacteria in the gut that help fight off bad bacteria .  parents can sometimes notice signs of infection before doctors or nurse .
 judge says michael jackson 's kids 'doing wonderfully ' <sec> judge extends michael jackson administrators ' powers until the end of the year .  administrators of estate do n't need to have court approval for every decision .  joe jackson attends court hearing for the first time since son 's deat .
 review : 'hoodwinked too ! hood vs . evil ' a 'shrek ' wannabe <sec> red teams up with her granny to look into the abduction of hansel and gretel .  snl 's infinitely inventive bill hader and amy poehler voice h & g .  the movie ca n't be saved from its own vices of manic pacin .
 cnn student news - october 15 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 5 isis questions for obama ( opinion ) <sec> president barack obama is set to outline his strategy to counter isis on wednesday .  obama should outline how exactly he will gauge success , say brian katulis .  building lasting coalitions will be essential , katulis writes .  katulis : administration should make clear what support it will offer forces opposing isi .
 american medical worker targeted in pakistan <sec> debra lobo , 55 , is unconscious but is expected to survive after being shot thursday , police say .  she is vice principal of the jinnah medical and dental college in karachi .  police : she was on her way to pick up her daughters from school when she was sho .
 wales win over scotland sets up triple crown clash with england <sec> wales beat scotland 27-13 in cardiff in six nations .  second straight win for the welsh who top the table .  leigh halfpenny scores 22 points for wales .  scotland suffer second straight defea .
 what mayer misses on work-life balance <sec> david weinberger : mayer shows arrogance to require yahoo workers to come in .  if you 've signed on for telecommuting , banning it is like a firing and rehiring , he says .  mayer signals yahoo is desperate , he says , but it conveys disdain for workers .  weinberger : she seems unaware how important `` place '' is to an ordinary person 's lif .
 miley cyrus is in full control <sec> `` the life of miley cyrus '' explores the star 's development .  cyrus has gone from an 11-year-old child performer to an adult pop star .  experts say that her transition has been very calculated .  while her actions may seem haphazard , experts say cyrus is being strategi .
 last-gasp own goal hands brazil friendly victory over bosnia <sec> an injury time own goal hands brazil a 2-1 friendly win over bosnia in switzerland .  sasa papac turns the ball into his own net to give five-time world champions victory .  real madrid defender marcelo had given brazil the lead before vedad ibisevic equalized .  serbia beat armenia 2-0 in tuesday 's other international friendl .
 muslim prayers welcome at pentagon chapel <sec> the military chapel near the 9/11 crash site is nondenominational .  officials say the tolerance is part of military culture .  184 people died when a hijacked plane crashed into the pentagon .  christians , jews , muslims and hindus use the spac .
 what joan rivers wanted at her funeral <sec> joan rivers wrote about her funeral in a 2012 book .  she joked that she wanted a glitzy hollywood affair .  rivers : `` i want meryl streep crying , in five different accents .
 juror in michael dunn trial : 'race was never a factor ' <sec> new : the case was about justice , not race , says creshuna miles .  michael dunn killed jordan davis , 17 , after an argument over loud music .  jury was hung on the charge of first-degree murde .
 french scientist unveils artificial heart <sec> french scientists have unveiled a working prototype of a fully artificial heart .  the design is based on the technology of satellites and airplanes .  it could save millions of lives as heart disease kills 17 million a yea .
 some airline passenger protections postponed until january <sec> airlines wo n't have to list extra fees in ads until january .  department of transportation granted the extensions .  more compensation for bumped passengers starts this month .  some new rules apply to international airline .
 frail muhammad ali appears at event to honor humanitarian work <sec> jimmy carter and christina aguilera are among those recognized .  ali appears at the event in his hometown along with his wife and daughter .  it was the inaugural muhammad ali humanitarian awards .  `` this is really about his legacy and extending that legacy to others , '' ali 's wife say .
 14 airport amenities that will make you long for a layover <sec> golf , ping pong and gym facilities are available at a handful of airports .  fresh brews and instant ice cream are a step up in concessions .  in singapore , tiny fish will help travelers with a pedicure treatmen .
 beyonce and cindy crawford : celebs are just like us , and we love to hate it <sec> alleged unretouched photos of beyonce caused a stir .  cindy crawford picture was dubbed empowering .  writer finds praise of crawford disingenuou .
 can blackberry 's 'most innovative ' new smartphone save it ? <sec> blackberry will release its second-quarter results friday .  the canadian company has struggled to compete in the smartphone market .  it has unveiled its passport smartphone in its attempt to woo back customer .
 mecca redevelopment sparks heritage concerns <sec> saudi authorities have begun dismantling a historic ottoman area of mecca 's grand mosque .  a uk-based saudi historian says the demolition is `` cultural vandalism '' .  saudi govt says it is expanding mosque to accommodate soaring numbers of hajj pilgrims .  historian disagrees , says demolition is fuelled by saudi religious belief .
 new congress , same four problems ( opinion ) <sec> lz granderson : four leaders who brought congress low in public esteem remain in place .  new congress began with action by gop majority along partisan line .
 6 common solo travel questions -- answered <sec> solo travelers account for 11 percent of all american vacationers .  english-speaking destinations known for friendly locals are easy for solo travelers .  get a seat at the bar , rather than at a table , if you fear dining alon .
 floods hit sri lanka refugee camps <sec> refugees caught in mud flows , runoff from flooded latrines , internal u.n. memo says .  more than 300 families protest conditions , memo says .  flooding comes ahead of sri lanka 's monsoon season .  human rights watch has called for immediate release of tamil civilians at camp .
 china urges the u.s. to tread carefully on 'core interests ' <sec> chinese foreign minister cites taiwan and tibet as key issues .  he says china and the u.s. are in close touch on iran and syria .  china says countries have the right to 'peaceful use of nuclear energy ' .  a chinese envoy is visiting syria this week amid other diplomatic effort .
 australian prime minister calls chinese hacking report 'inaccurate ' <sec> new : china calls the report `` baseless accusation '' .  a tv report alleges that top australian government agencies were hacked .  it claims an attack out of china stole blueprints to the national spy agency 's new hq .  prime minister julia gillard says the allegations are `` unsubstantiated .
 holder : congress should require companies to disclose data breaches <sec> the fbi director said last year that cybercrime threat will equal or surpass threat from terrorism .  federal law does n't offer any standard for companies to notify customers following breaches .  ag holder releases a video message calling for congressional action .  he wants companies to be required to more quickly alert customer .
 ferguson church turns to faith as uncertainty looms <sec> at greater st. mark family church , parishioners wonder what 's next .  `` i do n't know what the verdict will be , '' one worried woman says .  another speculates the grand jury could postpone its decision .  the church 's pastor encourages voting and community involvemen .
 what lena dunham scandal can teach us about kids , sex <sec> experts : lena dunham controversy could be teachable moment for parents .  dunham describes touching her younger sister 's vagina as girls .  some critics have accused the actress of sexual abuse .  when does childhood curiosity become inappropriate behavior .
 floods : u.s. 'deserves this type of response ' <sec> tad agoglia started the nonprofit first response team of america .  it provides immediate emergency aid to areas hit by disasters .  since may 2007 , the team has helped thousands of victims at 15 u.s. site .
 opinion : gop 's hypocrisy on obamacare <sec> aaron carroll : sen. max baucus warned of `` train wreck '' in obamacare implementation .  he was referring to lack of funds ; gop had denied them every step of the way , he says .  he says now gop hypocritically decries rocky exchange launch it worked to thwart .  carroll : if gop concerned about health care , it should help administration get it righ .
 new movies on netflix and amazon for june <sec> netflix and amazon have a bunch of new offerings for june .  there are movies and new seasons of tv shows .  they range from horror to comed .
 wiggins joins new british cycling team <sec> olympic cycling champion bradley wiggins leaves american outfit team garmin .  the 29-year-old joins his native britain 's first professional elite-level line-up , team sky .  he signs a four-year contract after being released from final year of his deal at garmin .  wiggins will work under british cycling 's performance director , dave brailsfor .
 5 reasons to canal barge cruise in france <sec> france is europe 's most popular destination for canal barge cruises .  barges are converted luxury floating hotels , usually only accommodate eight to 12 guests .  food and wine offered on board are all regiona .
 bush casts wide net for marine conservation <sec> sites cover 195,280 square miles , world 's largest expanse set aside for conservation .  bush designates 9 sites in 3 areas of central pacific as marine national monuments .  sites include wake , johnston , palmyra , baker , howland , jarvis , marianas islands .  rose atoll , kingman reef also designate .
 commentary : obama should be more open to reporters <sec> brown : obama should n't brush off reporters asking about blagojevich .  reporter asks question about senate seat and illinois governor .  obama campaigned on directness and openness , brown says .  that means he does n't get to dismiss any question he does n't like , she say .
 secret allergy triggers -- revealed ! <sec> household items such as candles , wall paint , carpet may cause allergy symptoms .  dust mites live in bedding and stuffed animals , irritating 15 percent of americans .  mold can grow on christmas trees , household plants causing allergic reactio .
 new gadgets unveiled at mobile world congress in barcelona <sec> mobile world congress returns to form with samsung , sony , and huawei launching devices .  samsung 's galaxy s5 is a `` more sensible , more cohesive smartphone , '' miles says .  nokia 's android phones , the sony xperia z2 and the huawei mediapad x1 are also highlights , he say .
 is it or is n't it ? new questions in search for missing malaysian plane <sec> pulse signals may be from the airliner with 239 people aboard missing for almost a month .  they also could be some other pulse-emitting device or even natural sound .  experts disagree on the likelihood the plane has been found .  some question the report by china 's state-run news agenc .
 hispanics in america : the importance of this growing demographic <sec> cartagena spent whole professional life helping fellow americans understand latinos .  every 30 seconds , two non-hispanics reach retirement age and one latino turns 18 .  `` latino baby boom '' will affect every aspect of american life over the next 50 years .  cartagena : businesses ca n't afford to ignore hispanics , one-quarter of their marke .
 china 's first tourism law comes into effect <sec> china 's first tourism law came into effect october 1 .  law covers tourist safety , unfair competition , price hikes and forced goods purchases .  guidebook released in september aims to educate chinese tourists on overseas etiquett .
 dempsey denies manchester united victory at spurs ; chelsea beat arsenal <sec> clint dempsey 's injury time goal denies manchester united victory at tottenham .  usa international strikes in 93rd minute to salvage a 1-1 draw for home side .  man utd now lead premier league by five points from manchester city .  goals from juan mata and frank lampard help chelsea defeat arsenal 2- .
 beckham leaving la galaxy after title game <sec> superstar david beckham leaving l.a. galaxy , destination undisclosed .  the famed english midfielder boosted the sport 's u.s. profile .  beckham says he needs `` one last challenge , '' speaks of future in ownershi .
 weapons seized off yemen point to iran , u.s. official says <sec> the weapons may have been headed for yemeni shiite rebels , a u.s. official says .  yemen has accused iran of supporting an earlier shiite revolt .  iran has denied the allegation .
 let 's not forget superstorm sandy 's victims <sec> steph goralnick : it was heartbreaking to see how sandy wounded new york .  goralnick : there are whole neighborhoods that are still struggling .  by posting photos of the wreckage on instagram , she was able to spread the word .  goralnick : as winter comes , we should keep helping those affected by the stor .
 arson suspected in fire that killed five <sec> new : victims are guatemalan immigrants , friends say .  arson suspected in early saturday fire , authorities say .  thirteen firefighters , four residents injured .  roof of three-story building partially collapse .
 russia bans fresh european produce , state media report <sec> new : european commission calls the move `` disproportionate '' .  sixteen deaths are linked to the outbreak , including one in sweden , world health organization says .  the specific source has not been pinpointed .  russia orders supermarkets and food chains to pull european produc .
 police : 19 killed as small plane crashes in nepal <sec> new : among the victims are two americans and a japanese national .  the plane was returning from a sightseeing tour , police say .  it hit a mountain and broke into pieces , a police spokesman say .
 app lets you wake up with a stranger <sec> wakie lets you wake up to a stranger 's voice .  the app is now available on apple 's ios system .  calls are anonymous and no numbers are exchange .
 congo deny equatorial guinea as africa cup of nations kicks offs <sec> the 30th edition of the africa cup of nations kicks off .  hosts equatorial guinea are held to a draw by congo brazzaville .  the tournament is being played against a backdrop of controvers .
 montreal 's interim mayor arrested on fraud charges <sec> michael applebaum faces 14 counts including fraud , breach of trust and conspiracy .  the charges relate to two `` real estate projects , '' a police official says .  applebaum , who denies all charges , had promised to `` end an era of sleaze .
