 opinion : why the world went mad over santa <sec> fox anchor megyn kelly causes an uproar when she says santa is just white .  timothy stanley : can we discuss something real , please ? .  he says issues that do n't matter are given headline space above things that do .  stanley : american media and politics fall prey to sideshows too readil .
 opinion : play the super bowl -- indoors ! <sec> mike downey : football gets to choose where its championship game is played .  why risk playing in new jersey where rain , snow or cold could interfere ? .  downey : hold super bowls in stadiums with domes or retractable roofs .  he says new york area fans should watch the super bowl -- on t .
 mass grave found after bangladesh mutiny <sec> mass grave found with bodies of at least 40 bangladesh army officers .  at least 62 officers found dead since mutiny by paramilitary bangladesh rifles .  rifles laid down arms thursday after pm agreed to offer them amnest .
 'last ' man creates different world on 'lost ' <sec> brian k. vaughan 's `` y : the last man '' ending its run .  comic book took on big themes with its story of last man on earth .  vaughan , now a writer on `` lost , '' believes the show 's next 8 episodes terrifi .
 two suspects arrested in alleged canada day plot <sec> new : the alleged target was the british columbia legislature .  new : the suspects are identified as canadian-born john nuttall and amanda korody .  the pair `` were inspired by al qaeda ideology , '' police sa .
 opinion : cosmic wow , a rare supernova explosion ! <sec> in one of the nearest big galaxies , m82 , a rare type of supernova exploded .  meg urry : its uniform luminosity makes it valuable in measuring cosmic distance .  she says finding supernovae has led directly to the discovery of dark energy .  urry : we are seeing this light 11.4 million years after the real explosio .
 lyft cars get creative and a little weird <sec> ride-sharing service lyft has attracted some outgoing drivers and kooky cars .  some lyft cars offer cookies , movies , costumes or karaoke to passengers .  the service focuses on making rides social experiences , which may not appeal to everyon .
 'vindskip ' cargo ship uses its hull as a giant sail <sec> a norwegian design would use the high sides of a cargo ship as sails .  the designers say it could save as much as 60 % on fuel costs , 80 % on co2 emissions .  the world 's first vindskip could slip into the water by 201 .
 japan fires military chief over wwii denial <sec> chief of japan 's air force dismissed for saying japan was not aggressor in wwii .  china , south korea criticize published essay of general toshio tamogami .  two previous japanese prime ministers have apologized for aggressio .
 hamilton not expecting miracles at mercedes <sec> lewis hamilton is not expecting mercedes to challenge immediately .  hamilton left mclaren to join mercedes on a three-year deal .  the 2008 world champion finished fourth in last year 's drivers ' championship .  hamilton will make his mercedes debut at the australian grand prix in marc .
 cruise ship passenger missing northeast of hawaii <sec> woman reported overboard about 700 miles northeast of hawaii .  cruise line says she intentionally went over .  coast guard joins search ; fbi also notifie .
 i , too , am an abduction survivor <sec> alicia kozakiewicz was abducted at age 13 and taken to virginia .  someone who saw a live video stream alerted authorities and she was rescued .  the three cleveland women will likely face ptsd in their recovery , she says .  kozakiewicz salutes all three women as heroe .
 whither to flee this winter ? go west , snowbirds , go west <sec> the western united states should have a warmer winter , federal forecasters say .  but florida below the panhandle should be cooler this winter .  there 's a kink : el nino has n't developed , taking away confidence in forecast .
 twitter to delete posts if countries request it <sec> twitter says the move will be on a case-by-case basis .  it will still make the tweets visible to the rest of the world .  users will be notified if their tweets are deleted .  one observer calls it censorshi .
 vettel on pole in singapore as second f1 title beckons <sec> sebastian vettel wins his 11th pole position of 2011 at singapore grand grix .  german heads home red bull teammate mark webber in saturday qualifying .  vettel is hoping to secure his second world title in 14th of 19 races this season .  ferrari 's fernando alonso can deny him by finishing fourth in the night rac .
 japan : economy slips to third in world , behind us and now china <sec> japan 's economy is now third in the world , with china moving into second place .  the united states remains the world 's largest economy .  japan 's government predicts china will overtake the u.s. in less than 20 year .
 arkansas coach petrino on leave after crash , admits 'inappropriate relationship ' <sec> the university of arkansas ' head football coach crashed his motorcycle .  the passenger on the motorcycle was a 25-year-old female member of his staff .  the university puts petrino on paid administrative leave while it investigates .  petrino apologizes to his family and says he hopes to keep his jo .
 hamdeen sabahy , a champion for egypt 's dispossessed <sec> sabahy is a longtime champion of gamal abdel nasser .  the candidate is said to have a `` mesmerizing '' persona .  sabahy said he 'd stop `` pampering israel .
 stolen gauguin and bonnard art recovered after hanging on a kitchen wall <sec> italian police recover two valuable paintings that were stolen more than 40 years ago .  the art was stolen in london and later abandoned on a paris-to-turin train .  a factory worker bought the paintings at a lost-property auction in 1975 .  he paid about 22 euros for both , and one may be worth at least 10 million euros now , police sa .
 giffords arrives in houston <sec> the flight of rep. gabrielle giffords to houston went `` flawlessly , '' physician says .  while doctors say she looks `` spectacular , '' she has some signs of `` weakness '' .  `` in her arm , we are not seeing much tone , '' another physician says .  she faces four to six months of therapy and rehabilitatio .
 justices to rule soon on divisive voting rights case <sec> the leaders of shelby county , alabama , say preclearance is no longer needed .  preclearance by the federal government is required for changes in voting procedures .  the supreme court is poised to rule on the question .  the case offers a social , political , and legal barometer on the progress of civil right .
 does formula mystery help keep coke afloat ? <sec> coca-cola -- the world 's ubiquitous brown fizzy drink -- is staying afloat as the soda market shrinks .  many point to a marketing strategy around the so-called `` secret recipe '' as key to its resilience .  it 's never been patented , to keep the formula secret , but many say they have discovered the recip .
 yemeni prime minister steps down ; ceasefire signed <sec> deal calls for a new , more transparent government .  pm basindwa resigns , says he does n't want to be obstacle to peace .  there have been protests , violence in the capital .  more than 150 people have died in the past seven days , government official tells cn .
 former officer apologizes for shooting unarmed man <sec> johannes mehserle says he is `` truly sorry '' for shooting oscar grant .  letter says grant screamed `` you shot me '' while mehserle tried to reassure him .  jury convicted mehserle of involuntary manslaughter .  family , protesters expressed outrage at the verdic .
 opinion : adam lanza 's motive a mystery in sandy hook killings <sec> connecticut has released official report on the tragic shooting at sandy hook elementary .  christopher ferguson : the motive of gunman adam lanza remains a mystery .  he says we need to improve the delivery of care to the chronically mentally ill .  ferguson : lanza 's video game playing was unremarkable , not tied to violent game .
 opinion : bin laden may be dead , but his ideology lives on <sec> gohel : pakistani authorities will have been kept in the dark because of a lack of trust .  protests and propaganda set to follow the death of osama bin laden , he says .  gohel : retaliation attacks are likely , but may not happen immediately .
 obama 's stump speech blends partisan rhetoric with populist themes <sec> president obama shifts to campaign mode for the november election .  his well-honed stump speech uses humor to blame predecessors for inherited problems .  progress has been made , but there 's more to do , is obama 's messag .
 florida executes former cop <sec> manuel pardo , 56 , was convicted of nine murders in the 1980s .  he was pronounced dead at 7:47 p.m . .  et .  his last meal included red beans and rice , roasted pork chops , eggnog and pumpkin pi .
 hanna loses hurricane status <sec> new : as sustained winds fall off , system demoted to tropical storm .  new : hanna could return to hurricane level later in day , forecasters say .  new : tropical storm ike moving toward caribbean sea .  hanna 's path could include the u.s. atlantic coast from miami to massachusett .
 cops help dream up high-tech police car <sec> carbon motors ' e7 prototype is not your father 's crown victoria .  vehicle designed bumper to bumper by cops , for cops .  car features high-performance engine , integrated gadgets , ergonomic cockpit .  whether governments will buy it is the big unanswered questio .
 is twitter slowing down ? <sec> pew survey finds 8 % of american internet users go on twitter daily .  forbes writer says twitter `` might be in a bit of a lull .
 abc family ends 'the secret life of the american teenager ' <sec> abc family has decided not to renew `` the secret life of the american teenager '' .  the drama will air the first of its final 12 episodes beginning in march .  `` teenager '' served as a springboard for golden globe-nominated woodle .
 our untelevised presidents <sec> americans think they know their presidents because they are always present on tv .  bob greene : for much of america 's history , access to presidents was very limited .  before radio and television , presidents were distant figures , more written about than see .
 apple to release snow leopard on friday <sec> mac 's snow leopard system to be out weeks ahead of schedule .  apple promises new and faster apps , while saving 7 gb of space .  upgrade available for pre-order : $ 29 for current leopard users .  90 percent of system 's projects were changed , apple say .
 get ready for more snow in the midwest and northeast <sec> a new storm system will bring wintry weather to the midwest and northeast .  boston , new york , cleveland and washington will see snowfall .  the same system will bring rain to the southeas .
 ebola crisis matters to u.s. ( opinion ) <sec> world health organization : ebola virus has case fatality rate of up to 90 % .  small risk to u.s. does not mean no risk , argues sen. jerry moran .  moran : public mistrust and poor facilities in west africa have compounded crisis .  u.s. senate holding hearing tuesday to discuss `` worst outbreak in history .
 faa to review electronics bans on planes <sec> the faa is assembling a group of experts to update rules for electronics on planes .  in letter to faa , fcc announced who would represent the agency on the committee .  it could be a year or more before any changes are made to existing rule .
 20-month , $ 20 million sentence for former abramoff associate <sec> michael scanlon was a close business associate of jack abramoff .  he was convicted of giving abramoff $ 20 million in kickback money .  he is one of 20 people who pleaded guilty or were convicted in the abramoff prob .
 commentary : how to rescue the bank bailout <sec> joseph e. stiglitz : the bank bailout has failed to restart prudent lending by banks .  stiglitz says banks made reckless loans and were burned as a result .  stiglitz : they borrowed so much money that they could n't handle a downturn .  economist says it 's time to consider government takeovers of weaker bank .
 how airports beat bad weather <sec> oslo airport in norway has a secret weapon in its battle against the winter elements .  the tv 2000 is hugesnow-blower that can clear a three kilometer runway in 15 minutes .  oslo has one of the best records in europe for on-time departure of flight .
 bill cosby 's tv son malcolm-jamal warner speaks up <sec> malcolm-jamal warner played theo on `` the cosby show '' .  warner describes cosby as a friend and mentor , says he `` ca n't speak on allegations .
 conrad murray defends lawyer as appeal nears <sec> murray calls from jail citing `` injustice '' done to appeal lawyer .  appeal lawyer valerie wass `` took a personal hit for me , '' murray tells cnn .  murray witnessed wass and trial lawyer michael flanagan argue at the jail .  wass will file murray 's appeal on monda .
 houston makes a comeback with first album in seven years <sec> whitney houston held l.a. listening party for first album in seven years .  jane fonda , barry manilow and halle berry were among the stars in attendance .  the nine-track album contains songs written by r. kelly , alicia keys and akon .  stevie wonder said the album was `` really , really good . .
 guatemalan divorce filing tied to presidential politics <sec> president alvaro colom and wife sandra torres de colom filed for divorce on march 11 .  critics have said that torres can not run because she is related to the president .  because it is mutual , no cause is needed for the divorc .
 iraq updates : isis sets up 'caliphate , ' changes name <sec> we 're now calling ourselves the islamic state , the group known as isis proclaims sunday .  iraqi government touts offensive to retake tikrit ; residents ask so where are the troops ? .  shiite militants backed by turkmen fighters fight isis south of oil-rich kirkuk .  kurdish fighters battle isis little more than 50 miles north of baghda .
 u.n. : brutality against women in congo 'beyond rape ' <sec> u.n. finds gang-rape rampant ; men forced to rape daughters , mothers , sisters .  victims shot or stabbed in genital area , survivors forced to eat excrement , flesh .  army , police , non-state militias involved , protected by senior authorities .  justice system does nothing to protect women and girls from atrocitie .
 your medical marijuana questions answered <sec> cnn 's dr. sanjay gupta answers questions about medical marijuana .  readers wanted to know how medical marijuana could ease symptoms of illnesse .
 court set to rule on race in college admissions <sec> supreme court looks at case asking if admissions policies violate rights of white applicants .  some groups worry conservative majority will strike down or severely limit affirmative action .  a larger debate is whether race-conscious policies serve their ultimate purpose of helping minority students .  decision could come in coming days as part of busy end to supreme court ter .
 screams , sirens herald fort hood chaos <sec> parents worry about dangers overseas , not in texas .  soldiers use battlefield medical training on home soil .  mother worries about son in day care as post is locked down .  watch a cnn investigation on the shootings at saturday 8 p.m . .  et on cnn t .
 'mission : impossible ' actor peter graves dead at 83 <sec> lapd : the 83-year-old peter graves was found collapsed outside his home .  daughter performed cpr but was unsuccessful in reviving the actor .  graves played jim phelps on `` mission : impossible '' during original run and revival .  publicist says it appears graves had a heart attac .
 explorer : looting on what he says is likely santa maria <sec> explorer says ship he believes is santa maria has been partially looted .  barry clifford says he does n't seek money , wants haiti to protect what he 's found .  haiti prime minister : if wreck is santa maria , discovery would be of 'great importance ' to natio .
 america 's cup : team new zealand on ropes after oracle comeback <sec> oracle team usa fights back to tie series 8-8 after being 8-1 down .  their backer , billionaire larry ellison , bailed from oracle conference to see crew .  journalist paul hobbs : result greeted with despair in new zealand .  the america 's cup series will be decided in one final race on wednesda .
 unapologetic hank williams jr. jabs espn , 'fox and friends ' in new song <sec> hank williams jr. compared president obama to hitler on `` fox and friends '' .  espn dropped use of his songs from its broadcasts , and he apologized .  but there 's no remorse evident in a new song posted on williams ' website .  he blasts espn , fox and what he calls the united socialist states of americ .
 myanmar blogger jailed for 20 years <sec> myanmar court jails blogger , poet and dissidents for anti-regime activitie .
 kendall jenner at fashion week <sec> kendall jenner has been dubbed a model to watch in the fashion world .  she first gained attention via her family 's reality show `` keeping up with kardashians '' .  `` i feel like i 've always been in front of a camera , '' she says .  jenner has walked for designers like chanel , marc jacobs and givench .
 tea party : return to basics or divisive force on right ? <sec> sunday talk shows offer varying views of tea party movement .  russo of tea party express says no corporate contributions allowed .  durbin says tea party candidates give hope to democrats in some race .
 cowboys are texas ' -- and america 's -- team ... just deal with it <sec> eliott mclaughlin takes issue with roland martin 's assertion that the texans are texas ' team .  the texans are a 2002 expansion team enjoying its first playoff bid against the bengals .  cowboys ' history includes 5 super bowls and greats like staubach , dorsett , smith .  dallas was christened america 's team by nfl flims ' bob ryan during a 1978 highlight ree .
 shelling sparks fire at damascus airport <sec> syrian government says the raid targeted terrorists .  opposition says the violence was aimed at civilians .  dozens of people are killed in a village in the coastal region , activists sa .
 berlusconi rejects teen sex accusation as 'mud ' <sec> italy 's prime minister is accused of sex with a 17-year-old nightclub dancer .  he dismisses the allegations , saying his opponents have gone too far this time .  the woman in question tells an italian tv station she never had sex with him .  italy 's top court just struck down a law shielding berlusconi from prosecutio .
 massachusetts senate vote may derail obama agenda <sec> republican scott brown upsets martha coakley to fill ted kennedy 's seat .  win leaves democrats without crucial 60th senate vote needed for health care overhaul .  brown 's platform includes backing tax cuts , being tough on terrorist .
 u.n. seeks $ 230m to fight kenya hunger <sec> u.n. : kenya needs $ 230 million to feed millions affected by drought .  three-year failure of annual rains has hit crops that feed country of 37 million .  about 3.8 million kenyans need emergency food aid ; conditions set to worse .
 high school football player dies after tackle <sec> atlanta-area football player dies after a tackle during a scrimmage game .  deantre turman went limp and unresponsive after the play , cnn affilate wsb reports .  the 16-year-old loved being a competitor , his guardian tells the station .  such deaths are rare -- fewer than three occur on average each year , a report say .
 righteous rocker paved way for new genre of music <sec> larry norman was christian rock musician before genre existed .  his first solo album , `` upon this rock , '' came out in late 1969 .  norman 's fans include u2 , guns n ' roses and bob dylan .  more than 300 versions of norman 's songs have been recorded by other artist .
 19 months after mass shooting , ex-rep. giffords moves back to tucson <sec> new : ex-rep. giffords and her husband buy a $ 1.5 million home in tucson , records show .  the arizona native and 18 others were shot in january 2011 , six of them fatally .  she has been living and rehabbing in houston after being shot in the head .  `` gabby has been waiting for this day for a long time , '' her husband say .
