 founder of 'moonies ' in intensive care , church says <sec> sun myung moon 's church gained fame worldwide for its mass weddings .  he is the founder of the washington times newspaper .  his doctor has given him only a 50 % chance of survival , a church spokesman say .
 israel sounds alarm to allies about iranian warships near suez <sec> new : oil prices soar after comments about provocation .  this `` has not happened in many years , '' the israeli foreign minister says .  iran says the florilla is on a yearlong training and intelligence missio .
 'africa is not a country ' : students ' campaign breaks down stereotypes <sec> a group of students have launched a campaign to break down stereotypes about africa .  the campaign features images of students wrapped in the flag of their country .  the photographs are accompanied by quotes debunking myths about afric .
 northeast digs out ; storms hit upper midwest , south <sec> new : the death toll from the weekend blizzard in the northeast rises to 11 .  `` we 're all buried , '' bridgeport , connecticut , mayor bill finch says .  monday brings warmer temperatures and the threat of collapsing roofs .  a cold front moves into the southeast ; at least 15 tornadoes are reporte .
 police close investigation into hollywood publicist 's fatal shooting <sec> beverly hills police say harold martin smith killed ronnie chasen last fall .  they reach this conclusion after police spent 10,000 hours on the probe .  smith , an ex-convict , was the only person ever identified as a suspect .  police say he killed chasen in a botched robbery , then later killed himsel .
 lawmaker says aig executive should resign after resort event <sec> new : aig executive : event was for outside financial planners , not our employees .  new : participants , partners covered most of resort event 's cost , ceo says .  lawmaker objects to aig event at resort in wake of federal bailout .  `` these guys , they do n't get it , '' rep. elijah cummings says of insure .
 company offers to stop putting biblical references on military scopes <sec> trijicon inc. offers not to put them on new scopes , alteration kits for deployed ones .  inscriptions feed into the narrative that u.s. is against islam , muslim group says .  company says it 's been putting such references on its products for more than two decades .  trijicon has a $ 660 million contract for marine corps , army , defense official say .
 former bbc chief explains dropped savile investigation <sec> mark thompson was director general of the bbc until earlier this year .  his conflicting statements about the savile scandal raised questions .  he explains in a letter what he knew and whe .
 many bird populations in trouble , report says <sec> report : bird populations native to several areas of the globe are in decline .  some species are teetering on the brink of extinction , report says .  of the 800-plus species of birds in the u.s. , 67 are endangered or threatened .  causes cited are agriculture , climate change , development and invasive specie .
 qatar emir transfers power to son in historic transition <sec> president barack obama says he hopes for close ties with the new emir .  sheikh tamim bin hamad al thani had been groomed to take over for years .  `` i never sought power for any personal motive , '' the outgoing emir says .  news of the transfer of power was all over social medi .
 canadian wanted in youtube 186-mph motorcycle ride surrenders <sec> randy george scott , 25 , turns himself in in kelowna , british columbia .  police say the incident took place april 6 on the trans-canada highway .  youtube video shows motorcycle weaving through traffic at hair-raising spee .
 art museum features concept cars with unique designs . <sec> art exhibit celebrates car designers , the auto industry 's `` rock stars '' .  concept cars on display include bugatti , chrysler , buick , bmw , cadillac .  experts wonder if america 's love affair with its car culture is fading .  bizarre cars range from fighter-jet-on-wheels to tiny electric bubble ca .
 why anonymous wants justice in the missouri rape case <sec> hacker collective is demanding an investigation into handling of missouri rape case .  group posted statement online tuesday criticizing law enforcement .  anonymous : `` if justice system has abandoned ( victims ) , then we will have to stand for them '' .  expert : if there 's a perceived injustice , the group is more driven to get involve .
 a fight at 23,000 feet ? climbers accuse sherpas of everest attack <sec> a group of foreign climbers say sherpas attacked them , punching them and throwing rocks .  an expedition official says the fight broke out because falling ice hit a sherpa .  nepalese authorities say they are investigating .  an expedition official says both sides have reconciled and agreed to continue their clim .
 friday perfect for dancing in the moonlight <sec> full moon will look bigger , brighter friday because it is closer to earth .  nasa says moon will seem largest when it is near the horizon .  around midnight , nasa says , moon will look like `` a cosmic flood lamp .
 brazil , u.s. at odds over iran <sec> united states is proposing tough new sanctions on iran .  proposed sanctions focus on the iranian revolutionary guards corps .  clinton says iran is trying to stall the international communit .
 state media : boat , barge collision kills at least 7 in russia <sec> the boat was carrying 16 people attending a birthday party .  the collision was on the moskva river in moscow .  a crane is expected to arrive to help free the private boat , which is still wedged under wate .
 why rogue regimes take hostages ( opinion ) <sec> a u.s. drone strike accidentally killed hostages warren weinstein and giovanni lo porto .  michael rubin : hostages such as journalist jason rezaian are canaries in the coal min .
 meeting on syria a coalition of the timid <sec> aaron miller : world leaders will meet in geneva to discuss what to do about syria conflict .  he says plan is to agree on plan for unity government , ending violence . .  expect little else .  he says involved powers want al-assad out , but have different , often conflicting agendas .  miller : al-assad will inevitably go , powers must prepare to step in with costly hel .
 amid standoff , alabama town mourns slain bus driver <sec> new : `` our mission is to resolve this situation peacefully , '' says spokesman .  charles poland jr. was killed when he tried to shield children from a gunman .  police say the gunman boarded a bus , killed poland and grabbed a boy .  the suspect is holding the 5-year-old hostage in an underground bunke .
 the risk of arming ukraine - cnnpolitics.com <sec> u.s. considering sending arms to ukraine .  but critics fear move could escalate us-russia showdown .  no one knows how putin would respon .
 muller hat-trick as bayern open season with german cup win <sec> bayern munich beat minnows sw rehden 5-0 in german cup .  thomas muller scores hat-trick .  pep guardiola 's second competitive game in charge .  loic remy heading to newcastle on season-long loa .
 official : turkey to expel 3 israeli diplomats <sec> the israeli consulate appears to be unaffected .  `` consulates and embassies are not in the same status , '' an official says .  an official says trade relations will not be suspended .  the tension stems from a 2010 raid on a gaza aid convo .
 law requires new york landlords to tell tenants about bedbugs <sec> law says landlords have to give history of infestation in previous year .  new york is the second state after maine to adopt such a measure .  new york city officials issue 4,811 bedbug notices in 2009 , compared to 82 in '03-'04 .  bedbugs have struck high-end retailers , movie theaters and office building .
 body found after 12 killed in northern england shooting spree <sec> police confirm 12 people killed in shooting spree in northern england .  police have found body believed to be suspected gunman derrick bird .  friend says suspect told him , `` you wo n't see me again .
 forgotten franklin letters offer glimpse into u.s. history <sec> collection of letters by , to , and about benjamin franklin found in london .  letters were copied by hand and had been filed under copyist 's name .  letters concern war between british and french for control of north america .  franklin was sent to london in 1757 to represent pennsylvania 's assembl .
 jerry lewis out as muscular dystrophy association chairman <sec> the 85-year-old comedian had said in may that he was planning to continue as chairman .  he said then that next month 's telethon would be the last one he would host .  but the mda says he will not host this year 's teletho .
 sterlings not in court as clippers trial begins <sec> lawyer says other side calling donald sterling to testify was ploy to spotlight his absence .  trial begins in state court after federal court denied it had jurisdiction in the matter .  shelly sterling wants judge to uphold her proposed sale of nba 's los angeles clippers .  the sterlings have owned the team equally through a trus .
 world cup : costa rica sets up dutch quarterfinal <sec> costa rica defeats greece 5-3 on penalties .  theofanis gekas the man to miss from the spot .  bryan ruiz gave costa rica 48th minute lead .  sokratis papastathopoulos netted a dramatic late equalize .
 acid attacks , poison : what afghan girls risk by going to school <sec> razia jan opened a school in afghanistan where girls can get a free education .  the school has taken measures to protect the girls from would-be attackers .  many armed groups in the country oppose the idea of girls being educated .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroe .
 syrian opposition seeks to draw ruling alawites into the movement <sec> new : friday 's planned demonstrations are named for a former alawite leader .  more syrian refugees trickle over the turkish border .  the u.n. human rights office calls for a `` thorough probe '' into abuses .  the tumult in syria began in mid-marc .
 shiites targeted in iraq in another day of sectarian strife <sec> the strikes occurred in hilla , baghdad , basra , haditha and near samarra .  most of the attacks took place in predominately shiite areas .  violence in iraq often alternates between sunni and shiite areas .  prime minister nuri al-maliki warns of plotters stoking sectarian strif .
 apparently this matters : gingers take to the streets <sec> redheads marched in edinburgh , scotland , for the uk 's first ginger pride walk .  the event was started by a canadian comedian named shawn hitchins .  the event took place during fringe festival and aimed to raise awareness of 'gingerism .
 saudi prince : blocking social media platforms is a 'losing war ' <sec> new : tension over social media freedoms reflects divisions in saudi society , analyst says .  prince alwaleed bin talal rejects reported plans as a `` way to put more pressure on the citizens '' .  social media platforms enable people in saudi arabia to make their voices heard , he says .  twitter users say rumored plans by saudi authorities to restrict access wo n't wor .
 source : john edwards has life-threatening heart condition <sec> edwards must provide court with a written medical update by february 28 .  edwards ' criminal trial is delayed until at least march 26 .  edwards had been seeking a delay in his criminal corruption trial .  edwards is charged with conspiracy , violating campaign laws , making false statement .
 britney spears ' life at risk after discharge , parents say <sec> new : parents calls spears `` adult child in the throes of a mental health crisis '' .  britney spears drove away from hospital in black mercedes wednesday .  tv helicopters , photographers covered spears ' every move -- to a hotel .  spears has been hospitalized twice in a month 's tim .
 intense rains cause flash flooding , spur evacuations in louisiana <sec> new : rescuers in lafayette parish help 16 middle schoolers stranded on a bus .  new : `` i 've never seen anything like this , '' a sheriff 's spokesman says .  a st. landry parish official estimates 2,000 people are affected by the floods .  the floods were caused by 15 inches of rain falling in six hours , followed by more precipitatio .
 reclusive primate caught on camera for first time <sec> horton plains slender loris only seen four times since 1937 .  conservationists have photographed endangered primate for the first time .  loris is native to sri lanka but threatened by deforestation .  researchers believe horton plains slender loris could be a distinct specie .
 a cruise for cremains <sec> new sketches from a company have proposed the creation of a floating cemetery .  this will be popular during the city 's cheung yeung and ching ming festival .  a shortage of space and a rise in death rates has caused a shortage of cemetery space .  a maritime mortuary does not exist but other unusual storing options for the dead d .
 federer to become a father for first time <sec> roger federer and longtime girlfriend mirka vavrinec expecting their first child .  federer broke the news ahead of masters series tournament at indian wells .  tickets for andre agassi - steffi graf appearance at wimbledon snapped u .
 egyptians pack tahrir square for revelry , protests a year after historic revolt <sec> `` i think we have come a long way , and no one can deny it , '' one woman says .  some egyptians are frustrated with the pace of change after hosni mubarak 's ouster .  there are fears of fresh clashes between protesters and the military on wednesday .  mubarak is on trial facing charges of corruption and ordering the deaths of hundred .
 french open suffers again as del potro pulls out <sec> virus forces juan martin del potro out of french open .  argentine says illness enforced absences in portugal and spain .  former world no . .  1 wozniacki suffers another first round exi .
 russell peters : 'canada breeds comedy ' <sec> comedian russell peters sells out arenas in countries around the world .  he feels like an outsider because he is indian and canadian .  his comedy focuses on race and clas .
 cdc unveils graphic ads to combat smoking <sec> campaign intended to educate americans about the smoking habit 's dangers .  cdc says big tobacco spends more than $ 27 million per day in marketing .  ex-smokers profiled include amputee , heart patien .
 judge in casey anthony defamation suit steps aside <sec> new : a new judge is assigned to the casey anthony defamation lawsuit .  judge jose rodriguez stepped aside friday morning .  it 's still unclear whether anthony will have to attend a deposition .  anthony is being sued by a woman with the same name as the nanny she said took her daughte .
 sepp blatter cleared of misconduct ; fifa predecessor havelange resigns <sec> fifa president sepp blatter is cleared of misconduct by internal investigation into bribery .  predecessor joao havelange resigns as honorary president of soccer 's ruling body .  havelange took payments from fifa 's former marketing partner isl between 1992 and 2000 .  fifa 's ethics committee says no further action is planne .
 u.s. consulate in ciudad juarez : 6 citizens killed in region this week <sec> incidents underscore u.s. travel warnings for mexico , u.s. consul general says .  108 u.s. citizens have been killed in the consular district since october 1 , 2009 , he says .  consulate wo n't comment on extent of u.s. involvement in investigation .
 what might hernandez 's fiancée say on the stand ? <sec> aaron hernandez is on trial in the death of odin lloyd .  his fiancée has pleaded not guilty to perjury charges .  she is on the prosecution 's witness lis .
 police : hugh jackman stalked by woman with electric razor <sec> new : stalking suspect screamed `` i love you '' as she chased hugh jackman , publicist says .  a new york woman was arrested and charged with stalking actor hugh jackman .  jackman told nypd that the woman displayed an electric razor and followed him .  woman left after being approached by security but was apprehended late .
 california governor oks ban on gay conversion therapy , calling it 'quackery ' <sec> two groups say they 're filing lawsuits challenging the newly signed california law .  a `` reparative therapist '' calls the law `` the height of ... irresponsibility '' .  the law will prohibit sexual orientation change therapy for children under age 18 .  a psychiatric group says the therapy can bring on depression and self-destructive behavio .
 greek elections : is alexis tsipras man of the moment ? <sec> greek voters went to the polls on sunday in a snap election .  alexis tsipras , leader of the left-wing anti-austerity syriza party , declared victory for his party .  since 2005 , greece has had six prime ministers , each one promising to bring an end to crisi .
 meshach taylor of 'designing women ' dead at 67 <sec> taylor fought terminal illness and died surrounded by his family .  he also appeared in the series `` hannah montana '' and `` in the heat of the night .
 tsa seizes record number of firearms <sec> the tsa says it has seized 2,000 guns this year .  most people probably forget their guns are in carry-on bags .  follow tsa rules for including your guns in checked luggag .
 more deaths and clashes follow iraq demonstrations <sec> new : eight people are wounded during funerals for two killed in samarra the day before .  new : two more protesters wounded friday in tikrit have died , police said .  new : in all , police report deaths of 13 demonstrators across iraq .  human rights watch calls on iraq 's government to investigat .
 bruce lee 's iconic jumpsuit fetches $ 100,000 at auction <sec> a rare collection of bruce lee 's belongings sold for over $ 250,000 at auction .  the top sale item , a yellow-and-black jumpsuit went for $ 100,000 .  all 14 lots including weapons from his last film and hand-made drawings were sol .
 150th anniversary of battle of gettysburg provides a bigger story <sec> gettysburg expects between 200,000 and 300,000 visitors .  they will watch re-enactments , visit national military park .  it 's the 150th anniversary of the momentous civil war battle .  much has changed since previous commemoration .
 friends say the real john boehner nothing like his 'insider ' image <sec> rep. john boehner , r-ohio , soon will take over as speaker of the house .  boehner was emotional the night the gop swept to power in the u.s. house .  he recounted his humble beginnings and hard work `` chasing the american dream '' .  he 's still the same man he was when he came to congress , a close friend say .
 body of saudi crown prince arrives in riyadh <sec> the crown prince 's burial is scheduled for tuesday .  he died saturday in a new york hospital .  his death raises succession questions for saudi arabi .
 what should america 's top foreign policy priority be ? survey says ... <sec> 45 % on facebook poll say post-arab spring policies should be top task .  one in five believe euro debt crisis should be america 's top priority .  18.5 % think next commander-in-chief must focus first on china relations .  uk , u.s. and egypt are top three participating countries in facebook surve .
 at least 40 dead in peru bus crash <sec> new : driver fatigue , poor road conditions may have been factors .  the bus had left the city of arequipa about seven hours earlier .  injuries range from severe head and back injuries to minor scrapes .  the tour bus plunged into a ravine in a mountainous region near cuzc .
 the hajj : thinner crowds and lots of rain <sec> huge downpours flood tents in mina .  ministry says there are 40 percent fewer saudi pilgrims this year .  with fewer visitors , merchants report less business .  no incidents reported among pilgrim .
 support for nation 's emergency medical care gets d-plus <sec> the american college of emergency physicians graded states .  the u.s. 's previous grade was a c-minus in 2009 .  report says district of columbia leads in emergency care environmen .
 neighbors vs. nature as wildfires rage in oklahoma <sec> new : firefighters face challenges with extreme heat , winds .  fourteen fires are burning saturday in oklahoma .  at least 120 structures are destroyed .  strong winds , low humidity and high temperatures take a tol .
 'sextortion ' is latest issue pushing letterman into spotlight <sec> alleged plot against david letterman is n't first time private woes made public .  letterman was once stalked and his young son targeted for kidnapping .  media expert : letterman handled reveal of alleged extortion brilliantly .  tv critic says he believes that fans will be `` pretty forgiving .
