 the man who spies on penguins for science <sec> researchers have spent the last five winters in antarctica monitoring penguin colonies .  the group of experts also set up timelapse cameras to see breeding patterns , effects of climate change .  data is processed by citizen scientists on crowdsouring platform `` penguin watch .
 punxsutawney phil predicts early spring <sec> punxsutawney phil emerges wednesday and does not see his shadow .  tradition has it that that means winter will end soo .
 staffers fired shots to break up florida prison brawl , officials say <sec> new : staffers had to fire shots to break up large-scale fight , officials say .  eight inmates wounded , one by gunshot , at prison complex in florida , officials say .  officials : fight happened at coleman federal correctional complex 's recreation yard .  no staff members were hurt during the brawl , spokeswoman say .
 medal of honor to go to afghan vet killed in 2008 <sec> u.s. army staff sgt . .  robert miller will receive the medal of honor .  miller died while saving the lives of other u.s. troops and 15 afghan soldiers .  miller 's parents will be present for the ceremony awarding the medal on october 6 .  another deceased vet -- air force sgt . .  richard etchberger -- will receive the medal this mont .
 oops ! button lets kids remove posts they regret <sec> california law lets children under the age of 18 delete online posts they regret .  james steyer : law protects them from possibly ruining their future with impulsive posts .  children start leaving a big digital , personal footprint from an early age .  steyer : we need privacy protections for children , who reveal before they reflec .
 italian club atalanta hit by six-point deduction <sec> atalanta hit by six-point deduction after probe into alleged match fixing .  italian football federation also ban club captain cristiano doni for three years .  atalanta say they intend to appeal their points deduction .  a total of 16 clubs and 16 players hit with charge .
 queen opens new $ 8.6b airport terminal <sec> queen elizabeth opens heathrow airport 's $ 8.6 billion new terminal 5 .  the new building took more than 15 years to complete following protests .  launch a day after security scare at one of world 's busiest international airports .  a lone man ran onto a heathrow runway carrying a backpack on thursda .
 reports : boko haram village raids kill hundreds in nigeria <sec> heavily armed attackers dressed as soldiers kill 400 to 500 people , witnesses say .  survivors flee to neighboring cameroon and into the mandara mountains on the border .  insurgents still control the area , `` and residents ca n't go back to bury the dead , '' official says .  insurgents destroyed mobile phone towers in the region , making communication difficul .
 officials probe midair collision that killed man in car dealership <sec> earl smiddy , 58 , dies when engine crashes through roof of car dealership .  ntsb and fbi finish removing wreckage , body parts from commercial area .  two men in cessna 150 hit broadside by cessna 172 and ejected .  two planes apparently were on a sunday afternoon pleasure fligh .
 how long will it last ? gaza conflict by the numbers <sec> hamas vows it has `` a lot to surprise the enemy '' .  israel vows to stop threats `` diplomatically or military '' .  israel believes about 60 % of hamas ' rockets depleted .  more than 500 iron dome missiles have been use .
 cnn student news : daily discussion <sec> use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories .  today 's daily discussion includes the media literacy question of the da .
 camel attack leaves two dead in texas <sec> peggye mcnair , 72 , the owner of the farm , was one of the victims .  the incident occurred at camel kisses farm in wichita fall .
 libya pulls out of hosting 2017 africa cup of nations <sec> ongoing security issues in north african country force afcon withdrawal .  libya was due to host 2017 tournament .  caf will now accept bids from other 54 members .  decision on new host expected to be made in 2015 , caf sai .
 syrian refugees in lebanon facing bitter winter <sec> more than half a million syrians have fled to other countries .  their numbers have risen 140,000 in the past six weeks alone .  lebanon is hosting the largest syrian refugee community , with more than 170,000 .  most are taken in by host families or live under tents improvised from scrap materia .
 on alcatraz , ai weiwei raises a voice on dissent <sec> chinese artist ai weiwei opens installation on alcatraz island .  exhibit 's theme explores themes of imprisonment , dissent .  it also aims to raise awareness about prisoners of conscience .  along with notorious criminals , alcatraz also imprisoned conscientious objectors and native american .
 resisting diet demons ( and pie ) to get a six-pack <sec> ireporter jason dinant on a quest for six-pack abs has sweet tooth binge .  men 's health model and fitness expert said falling off wagon is ok if temporary .  dinant reports that so far , his abs are looking more like a four-pack .  he eats 16 egg whites , 1¼ pounds of meat , 4 cups of veggies , potatoes , rice a da .
 katt williams explains apology for mexico remarks <sec> williams was criticized for anti-mexican remarks during a show .  a written apology that was released did not come from him , he says .  he is not sorry for what he said , but apologizes to those who were offende .
 producer of anti-islam film on supervised release <sec> nakoula basseley nakoula in custody for probation violation .  producer is known for anti-islam film that brought headlines .  he has a 2010 bank fraud convictio .
 7 wonders of winter <sec> enjoy some of the great travel experiences that only a big chill can bring .  from the northern lights of canada to korea 's ice festivals , explore these icy sights .  visit st. petersburg during the winter for incredible scener .
 plotting the long road to one million electric cars <sec> electric vehicle association : u.s. must coordinate policy , technological advances .  the edta on tuesday is expected to release a set of policy recommendations .  president obama hopes to put 1 million plug-in electric vehicles on the road by 2015 .  edta members include carmakers , battery companies and electric utilitie .
 samuel l. jackson : sing 'i ca n't breathe ' <sec> the actor posted the video on his facebook page .  he challenged celebs to sing the song .  jackson is the latest celeb to get involve .
 phil donahue on 'body of war ' <sec> phil donahue co-directed , co-produced `` body of war '' .  film concerns tomas young , iraq war veteran paralyzed by bullet to spine .  donahue : `` nobody sees this pain . .  these people are all below the radar .
 tear gas and twitter : iranians take their protests online <sec> iranians protesting presidential election use internet to mobilize and take action .  twitter used to give graphic accounts of protests to a worldwide audience .  social networking sites offer the world a unique voice : free and unfiltered .  people do n't like to use landlines or mobile phones for fear of their calls being trace .
 man behind 'jailbait ' posts exposed , loses job <sec> man behind behind 'jailbait , ' 'rape jokes ' posts on reddit was recently identified .  he is a 49-year-old software programmer , who is married with kids .  michael brutsch lost his job after his identity was revealed .  he told cnn he made 'a huge mistake .
 2 police officers fatally shot in west memphis , arkansas <sec> two west memphis , arkansas , officers killed in two shootings .  attacks left two other officers wounded .  two suspects confronted in wal-mart parking lot , both killed in gunfire exchange .  dead officers include west memphis police chief 's so .
 french bank robbed through basement <sec> burglars enter french bank by basement and steal unknown amount of money .  theft happened late saturday at branch of credit lyonnais in central paris .  wall has a thickness of 80 centimeters -- more than two and a half fee .
 u.s. no . 1 isner out of australian open <sec> u.s. no . .  1 john isner will miss the australian open due to a bruised bone in knee .  world no . .  13 complained of the injury after his loss to ryan harrison in sydney .  compatriot harrison beaten in quarterfinals by julien benneteau on thursday .  world no . .  35 benneteau will now be seeded for melbourne grand slam in isner 's absenc .
 u.s. military base in iraq gets makeover , new mission <sec> the u.s. state department is taking over where the american military leaves off as it withdraws from iraq .  `` we do not have a combat mission . .  period , '' the military liaison in kirkuk tells cnn .  the base , formerly known as camp warrior , is now called contingency operating site kirkuk .  questions about the security and safety of contractors are being raised as the u.s. military leave .
 where is the internet most popular ? <sec> nordic countries dominate the top 10 list for highest online presence .  at least 97 % of people in monaco and iceland are online , according to internet world stats .  china has 485 million internet users , but that 's only about a third of its entire populatio .
 recession pushes nascar racer into owner <sec> nascar racer marc davis,18 , lost driver 's contract and became owner .  his father says recession has cut sponsorship money .  family and friends sponsor davis ' 2-car team in nationwide series .  teen is only current african-american racer and owner in nasca .
 gettysburg battlefield adds property <sec> the gettysburg battlefield is adding 95 acres .  the tract of land was the scene of intense fighting on first day of the civil war battle .  a developer had planned to build housing on the trac .
 clouds on horizon for tobacco farmers <sec> who proposals to restrict tobacco farming threaten the industry , say farmers .  it is estimated that there are more than one million tobacco farmers in africa .  in malawi , tobacco is the top exports earner .  government officials from around the world meeting this week to discuss tobacco restriction .
 first woman firefighter poses for fdny charity calendar <sec> first female firefighter , danae mines , featured in 2015 fdny calendar of heroes .  mines : `` i always go above and beyond , because that 's my job . '' .  women still face hardships in fire service , top organization say .
 obamacare call center reps get password reset script by mistake <sec> obamacare call center reps were provided with an incorrect script .  script mistakenly said that all healthcare.gov passwords needed to be reset .  officials say enrollees can continue to use their current password .
 protesters against same-sex marriage fill central paris plaza <sec> police say 150,000 protesters turn out to oppose same-sex marriage .  cnn 's french affiliate bfm says 4,500 police were there .  bfm says despite worries of extremist threats , the event was cal .
 new mexico shooting : teacher john masterson hailed as hero <sec> officials : john masterson hears gunshot , turns around and persuades suspect to drop gun .  `` it was a harrowing experience , '' teacher says .  governor says eighth -grade teacher saved live .
 park leaves manchester united for qpr <sec> park ji-sung completes his transfer from machester united to queens park rangers .  the 31-year-old joined united from psv eindhoven in 2005 .  the midfielder won the english premier league title with united on four occasions .  tottenham hotspur reach an agreement to sign defender jan vertonghen from aja .
 'the hobbit : the desolation of smaug ' scorches 'anchorman 2 ' opening <sec> `` anchorman 2 '' was no match for `` the hobbit '' sequel .  `` desolation of smaug '' was no . .  1 even after falling 60 percent .  it earned an estimated $ 31.5 million .  `` anchorman 2 '' opened in second place with $ 26.8 millio .
 report : us airstrikes near mosul dam <sec> new : report : u.s. and iraqi airstrikes target isis near mosul dam .  u.s airstrikes aim for isis vehicles near the village of kojo , military says .  abducted women being taken to isis-controlled cities in the north , officials say .  kojo is south of sinjar , where isis forced thousands of yazidis from their home .
 fitness buff helps disabled find 'strength ' <sec> ned norton devised a workout program for a man with a spinal cord injury and word spread .  soon patients from a rehab center sought norton 's help and he trained them for free .  norton is dedicated to providing low-cost or free strength training for the disabled .  voting for 'cnn hero of the year ' continues through thursday , nov. 1 .
 sailor gunned down on sentry duty , navy says <sec> fire was set to cover up evidence , u.s. navy says .  seaman august provost 's death being investigated as homicide .  congressman calls for investigation of possible hate crime .  body was discovered at 3:30 a.m. , during provost 's shift on sentry dut .
 chief witness in trayvon martin case lied under oath <sec> the witness lied about being in the hospital during trayvon martin 's funeral .  martin family attorney said she was 16 , but prosecutors said she was 18 .  prosecutors have not said how the witness 's credibility may affect the case .  trayvon martin , 17 , was killed feb. 26 , 201 .
 china marks muted 120th anniversary of mao zedong <sec> mao zedong 's 120th anniversary in china is more muted .  chinese have mixed feelings on mao 's legacy .  mao 's mistakes have been publicized through books and pronouncement .
 women flock to see first female football game in west bank <sec> palestinian women 's national football team play jordan in historic first home match . .  10,000 women turn up at the faisal al husseini stadium in east jerusalem . .  thousands of men turned away and watch game from near by rooftops . .  women 's football has suffered in the middle east due to social conservatism .
 the truth about arizona 's immigration law <sec> ruben navarrette : arizona 's immigration law not all about racism or border security .  navarrette : it 's fear the latino immigrants who made arizona boom will take over .  it 's dangerous because it makes deputies out of local and state police , he writes .  it 's also wrong , he says , because it takes away u.s.-born latinos ' freedo .
 too broke to be your maid of honor <sec> as economy gets tough , more women may reconsider being maid of honor .  bridezilla expects bridal showers , bachelorette parties , co-ed jack and jill party .  bridal coach : detail expectations early and if concerns rise , compromis .
 u.s. navy ship fires at small boat in persian gulf <sec> new : the uae says the dead and wounded were indian fishermen .  one person appears to have been killed , u.s. officials say .  the boat approached too near the usns rappahannock , the officials say .  the shots were intended to disable the boat , they sa .
 commentary : sotomayor pick not based on merit <sec> ilya shapiro : choice of sotomayor is based on identity politics , not merit .  he says her life story is compelling but she should be thoroughly vetted .  shapiro : sotomayor may suffer from failure to deal with issues in new haven case .  he says republicans should educate public about differences over the la .
 growing hate groups blame obama , economy <sec> report : the number of hate groups grew by 54 percent since 2000 .  obama 's election win fueled some to join hate groups , study found .  the fbi 's uniform crime report found 7,624 hate crime incidents in 2007 .  obama is a `` visual aid '' that helps lure new members , says neo-naz .
 is 'titanfall ' xbox one 's killer app ? <sec> `` titanfall '' could be the defining game for xbox one .  title is by `` call of duty '' creators .  game used microsoft servers during its creation .  early numbers show xbox one sales spike along with `` titanfall .
 o'malley commutes maryland 's last four death sentences <sec> maryland gov . .  martin o'malley commuted his state 's only four remaining death sentences wednesday .  o'malley 's move comes after the state legislature abolished the death penalty .  o'malley is just days away from leaving office and is considering a 2016 democratic presidential bi .
 see james gandolfini 's 1989 screen debut <sec> james gandolfini 's first role was in a student film in 1989 .  years before tony soprano , he played a tough guy character named mike .  the film 's director recalls gandolfini was `` really intense and always prepared '' on se .
 senate leaders spar over upcoming fiscal debate <sec> new : rep. cantor suggests mandatory spending caps and a balanced budget amendment .  sen. mcconnell rejects any tax hikes and demands `` significant '' reforms .  sen. reid says republicans only want to protect the very wealthy .  president obama will lay out his long-term deficit reduction plan wednesda .
 kristy mcnichol is 'overwhelmed with love and support ' <sec> kristy mcnichol says the response to her coming out has been tremendous .  she shared a photo of herself with her longtime girlfriend martie allen .  `` kristy feels strongly about fighting bullying and intolerance , '' her publicist say .
 inmate-release plan hits snag in california assembly <sec> california assembly delays vote on plan to release at least 27,000 inmates .  provision setting up sentencing panel stripped from bill , spokeswoman says .  state senate voted last week to release several thousand inmates early .  judges order state to reduce prison population by about 40,000 by mid-septembe .
 maytag corp. recalls 1.7 million dishwashers <sec> maytag recalls 1.7 million dishwashers for posing fire hazard .  dishwashers sold between feb '06 and april '10 .  company sets up website to inform consumer .
 sam warburton leads as jonny wilkinson is left out of lions squad <sec> coach warren gatland names a 37-man squad for british & irish lions tour of australia .  wales flanker sam warburton is named as captain .  there is no place for fly-half jonny wilkinson despite his impressive form for toulon .  the first lions tour of australia was held in 1899 when the team fielded players from all four home nation .
 travelers ' choice : 10 top spots <sec> tripadvisor 's travelers ' choice destinations named .  paris , new york and london are the top three spots worldwide .  in the u.s. , new york , san francisco and chicago top the lis .
 argentinian 's body identified 36 years after his disappearance <sec> victoria montenegro , 36 , learned of her real father just 12 years ago .  she learned this week that a body found in a uruguayan cemetery was his .  roque orlando montenegro was 20 at the time of the 1976-83 `` dirty war '' .  victoria montenegro still has no idea what happened to her mothe .
 official : 2 japanese nuclear reactors may be in meltdown <sec> new : an official says there is a `` possibility of a meltdown '' at two nuclear reactors .  new : chief cabinet secretary yukio edano says radiation levels are n't hazardous .  new : he says 9 people have tested positive for high radiation levels on skin and clothing .  one expert calls the effort to cool reactors , using salt water , `` act of desparation .
 5 fun facts about itunes ' 25 billionth song <sec> apple announces that 25 billion songs have been downloaded from itunes .  `` monkey drums ( goksel vancin remix ) , '' by british house-music dj chase buch , was the tune .  other milestone downloads : sinatra , coldplay , faith hill and johnny cas .
 rutgers assistant resigns as scandal grows <sec> jimmy martelli , son of st. joseph 's coach , had been at rutgers for two years .  espn airs video showing assistant shoving players , yelling gay slur at player .  rutgers fired its head men 's basketball coach on wednesday .  martelli joined the rutgers staff before the 2010-2011 seaso .
 emma roberts and evan peters 'move past ' her arrest <sec> roberts was arrested after police were called to a montreal hotel july 7 .  `` it was an unfortunate incident and misunderstanding , '' their rep say .
 pope wants to visit u.s. in 2015 , sources say <sec> pope francis expresses desire to visit united states next year .  pontiff would attend the eighth world meeting of families in philadelphia .  a visit by the first latin american pope would resonate with nation 's latino .
