 jenny mccarthy , donnie wahlberg are engaged <sec> jenny mccarthy announced her engagement to donnie wahlberg on `` the view '' .  the couple have been dating since last summer .  mccarthy was previously unsure if she 'd marry agai .
 disney cruise ship rescues 4 men off florida <sec> disney cruise lines says its ship stopped to rescue four men signaling for help off key west .  the men were given , food , water and medical attention , a company spokeswoman says .  a lawsuit was filed against a different cruise line by a man who says it did n't help hi .
 manti te'o to have first on-camera interview with katie couric <sec> katie couric says she 'll interview manti t'eo and his parents for her talk show .  the interview -- te'o 's first on camera in recent days -- will air thursday , she says .  te'o has said he was duped in the creation of a girlfriend he met online but was n't real .  uncle defends nephew accused in the hoax , saying , `` it takes two to tango .
 obama arrives in sweden 'in the shadow of war ' <sec> obama 's three day overseas trip has him in sweden and russia .  russia appears to come on board for syria strike if evidence is there .  snowden affair , obama comments recently marred us-russian relation .
 army allows sikh to keep beard , turban , uncut hair <sec> capt . .  kamaljit singh kalsi is a doctor in the u.s. army , practicing sikh .  army has granted his request for an accommodation to follow the principles of his religion .  sikh coalition has letter saying ruling applies only to kalsi 's , not a change of army polic .
 two vessels seized by somali pirates released <sec> two vessels released by somali pirates .  ransoms in the millions of dollars were apparently paid .  countries have warned that pirates are venturing farther from home water .
 documentaries spark education debate <sec> two films , `` the lottery '' and `` waiting for 'superman , ' `` take on the u.s. education system .  both highlight successful charter schools and lengths families go to enroll .  critics say the films ignore good public school teachers and charter schools ' shortcoming .
 candles and tears : portrait of a grieving town <sec> the pain in newtown is felt on every corner , in every store , in every church .  it was the idyllic new england town : rolling hills , a town green , 100-foot flagpole .  notable residents include bruce jenner , james thurber , suzanne collins .  `` it does n't deserve to be remembered as a place of horror , '' librarian say .
 obama lauds aung san suu kyi , gives a nod to myanmar - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama has a `` tense '' meeting with cambodia 's leader .  the president is in cambodia for a summit of southeast asian nations .  obama meets with pro-democracy icon aung san suu kyi and myanmar 's president .  obama is the first sitting u.s. president to visit myanmar , also known as burm .
 bolt strolls to world 200m title in moscow <sec> jamaican sprinter wins 200m final in 19.66 seconds .  compatriot warren weir takes silver in 19.79 seconds .  u.s. sprinter curtis mitchell takes bronze .  russia top medals table with seven golds with one day of competition remainin .
 report : chinese city enforcers accused of brutality <sec> `` beat him , take everything away , '' cites abuses by urban management law enforcement unit .  behavior of `` chengguan '' has caused widespread public anger , undermined social stability .  victims of chengguan abuse -- many of them street vendors -- say they 've been chased , beaten .  urban management law enforcement unit used to tackle low-level urban crim .
 famous poles through the ages <sec> top ten poles : marie curie and her nobel prized family .  pope john paul ll : 27 year-reign , visited over 100 countries , spoke ten languages .  joanna crupa : former `` sexiest swimsuit model '' in the worl .
 advancing rebels in western libya face snipers , shelling <sec> in hospital in yefren , a 9-year-old girl may lose her arm .  white house oks two more drones for libya .  most of zawiya is in `` rebel hands , '' commander says .  snipers , shelling are in the east of the cit .
 u.s. women beat japan to claim gold in olympic soccer final <sec> team usa beats japan 2-1 to win olympic women 's football gold .  midfielder carli lloyd scores a goal in each half to secure fourth olympic title .  japan beat u.s. on penalties in last year 's fifa women 's world cup final .  canada clinches the bronze medal after beating france 1- .
 political week ahead : five stories to watch <sec> rick perry to announce his political future monday .  texas special session resumes to take up derailed abortion bill .  north carolina could send governor abortion restrictions bill .  george w. bush to speak on immigration reform wednesda .
 nasa 's orion launch scrubbed , rescheduled for friday <sec> valve problems leads to scrubbing of orion test launch .  nasa now hopes to launch orion on friday .  orion would orbit earth twice and will splash down in the pacifi .
 pope urges israelis , palestinians : 'no more war ! ' <sec> new : benedict xvi winds up mideast trip with call for `` peace based on justice '' .  pope revisits old city after similar outing on tuesday .  pope calls for spirit of cooperation and mutual respect in the middle east .  trip marks first papal visit to holy land since pope john paul ii in 200 .
 an apple tablet could pit itunes against amazon <sec> it appears more and more likely that an apple tablet will emerge soon .  itunes could make device a potent rival to amazon 's kindle and other e-books .  users could have the ability to download individual chapters , not entire books .  an apple tablet would have color , making it better for displaying magazine page .
 report : students in asia are better problem solvers than in the u.s . <sec> singaporean pupils are the top-performing problem solvers , american students rank just above average .  oecd tested 85,000 15-year-olds in 44 countries and economies on their problem solving skill .
 how wynonna judd survived the ultimate betrayal <sec> wynonna judd has publicly shared some of her most painful struggles .  judd hopes to help others by sharing how she overcame obstacles , including betrayal .  judd : `` the best revenge is living well .
 film fest explores hollywood 's take on latinos <sec> turner classic movies begins month-long latino images in film festival .  event features 40 films that show how latinos have been depicted on the big screen .  discussion tackles controversial practice of white actors playing latino characters .  scholar : films show how hollywood tried to figure out where latinos fit in cultur .
 sheryl crow : brain tumor is a 'bump in the road ' <sec> sheryl crow says she has a noncancerous tumor .  she will have periodic scans to monitor the growth .  `` i 'm good -- really ! '' .  crow writes on her facebook pag .
 2 university of florida students die exploring georgia cave <sec> the bodies of the students are recovered over the weekend .  hypothermia appears to be the cause of death .  report : both men were members of fellowship of christian athlete .
 france 's presidential rivals trade insults in debate <sec> new : francois bayrou says he 's backing hollande , tells supporters to vote with their conscience .  nicolas sarkozy says his rival will raise taxes and create more debt .  francois hollande says the president has caused divisions and helped the elite .  the pair have two days of campaigning left before french voters go to the polls sunda .
 seven moments that helped define alex ferguson 's managerial career <sec> alex ferguson will retire as manchester united manager at the end of the season .  the scot has been in charge of the old trafford club since 1986 .  ferguson has led the club to 13 english premier league titles and five fa cup wins .  united have also twice won the european champions league under ferguso .
 opinion : how strong , really , is america ? <sec> frida ghitis : boston marathon aftermath shows vast resources , reach of america .  ghitis : yet , the country can not pass a measure that can keep guns out of potential criminals .  she says america can not seem to solve its bigger problems through its political process .  ghitis : if america were strong , it would find ways to stop the gun violence and fix its deb .
 'octomom ' and her brood doing well <sec> nadya suleman , mother of ocpuplets speaks to cnn about her amazing year .  `` octomom '' -- as she has been dubbed -- says shes damned if she does or does n't work .  single mother says shes grown more in past 11 months than in her whole lif .
 matthew miller 's north korean prison photo released <sec> american matthew miller begins six-year sentence of hard labor thursday .  north korea released photo of miller in prison wear .  miller was convicted of committing `` acts hostile '' to north korea .  miller called his family to ask for help on wednesda .
 memo backs u.s. using lethal force against americans overseas <sec> justice department memo sets out the conditions for using lethal force .  the 16-page document is a policy paper , not an official legal document .  `` clear evidence '' of an imminent attack on the united states is not required .  new : white house says questions weighed against legal concerns , discussed publicl .
 cnn poll : is obamacare working ? <sec> poll : more than half of public says obamacare has helped their families or others .  new survey says majority of americans still oppose affordable care act .  obamacare will be focus of gop in midterm elections this yea .
 opinion : ukraine prepares for war <sec> alexander motyl : ukrainians do n't believe russia 's assurances it will not invade .  he says people are buying guns , leaving town , packing suitcases to be ready for war .  motyl : ukraine is beefing up its decimated defense ; sending troops , tanks to borders .  motyl : this may be putin 's worst strategic move , alienating other small , nearby nation .
 former tour de france champ lemond calls for uci boss to quit <sec> former tour de france winner greg lemond calls for uci president to resign .  lemond wants pat mcquaid , head of cycling 's governing body , to stand down .  uci has come in for criticism in wake of report into lance armstrong 's doping .  lemond : `` i have never seen such an abuse of power in cycling 's history .
 union rep : train engineer william rockefeller 'was nodding off ' <sec> ntsb kicks rail union out of investigation for violating confidentiality rules .  a lawyer for the engineer describes what happened as `` highway hypnosis '' .  `` i think most people are leaning towards human error , '' union representative says .  the crash on new york 's hudson line killed four and injured 67 peopl .
 florida man kills wife , 2 kids , himself , officials say <sec> bodies of gunman , wife , 2 children found at lakeland , florida , home , officials say .  boy , 13 , was chased down street , fired at , but got away unharmed , officials say .  gunman used a high-powered rifle with scope , authorities sa .
 iconic greyhound bus on track for uk launch <sec> greyhound lines to run services from london to portsmouth and southampton .  buses are glitzier and more luxurious than u.s. services .  greyhound lines is owned by british transport company firstgrou .
 michael douglas : we must confront anti-semitism <sec> michael douglas ' son was insulted at a pool because of his judaism .  douglas warns that anti-semitism is on the rise .  the award-winning actor wants more action to `` confront anti-semitism .
 analysis : palin will need to flesh out 'hockey mom ' image <sec> palin must provide specific views on issues voters care about .  gop vice presidential nominee 's views still largely unknown to voters .  palin must also prove to voters she is ready to take on the presidency if necessary .  alaska governor still faces questions about her involvement in `` trooper-gate .
 review : 'celeste and jesse forever ' <sec> `` celeste and jesse forever '' bounces along with nimble invention .  in the film , samberg takes on his first role that 's more dramatic than comedic .  jones makes celeste a study in engagingly high-functional yuppie self-delusio .
 fema : entire east coast should prepare for hurricane irene <sec> north carolina governor : `` we 're prepared '' .  landfall could occur saturday on the n.c . .  outer banks , a cnn meteorologist says .  the northeast could also take a direct hit from the hurricane , he says .  hurricane-force winds could hit new york , philadelphia and bosto .
 five fan-favorite tailgating towns <sec> tailgating is a tradition at many colleges , passed down from generation to generation .  many tailgates include games , food and an entertainment system .  at the university of washington , fans can tailgate on the water .  tigers fans -- both auburn 's and lsu 's -- invite opposing teams to their tailgate .
 in debate over offensive halloween costumes , where 's the line ? <sec> american apparel features folk legend `` la llorona '' in diy costume guide .  folk legends are more acceptable guises than sexy señoritas or mexican tequila guy .  `` one is mythology , and the other is a stereotype , '' professor says .  `` we 're a culture , not a costume '' campaign includes `` appalachian hick '' stereotyp .
 ribery strike lifts bayern munich to summit of bundesliga <sec> franck ribery goal gives bayern munich 1-0 home win over hamburg to top bundesliga .  rangers take giant stride towards scottish title with 1-0 win over arch-rivals celtic .  nine-man valencia thrashed 4-1 by atletico madrid in spanish la liga .  inter milan and ac milan record victories in serie a title countdow .
 more polio cases confirmed in syria , who says <sec> world health organization : polio cases have spread to aleppo and rural damascus .  it says a total of 17 polio cases have been confirmed .  the risk of further spread is high , the who say .
 d.a . : dismiss murder charge against tim masters <sec> new : d.a . .  seeks dismissal of tim masters murder case .  masters was released tuesday ; conviction was tossed .  masters convicted in 1999 of murder , sexual mutilation of 37-year-old woman .  he spent nearly nine years in priso .
 takanakuy : the fighting festival of peru <sec> takanakuy is an event that gives people the chance to solve differences through fighting .  vice traveled to santo tomas , peru , to examine takanakuy first-hand .  regions across the peruvian and bolivian andes have traditional fighting festival .
 muhammad ali visits ancestral home in ireland <sec> muhammad ali visits his ancestral home of ennis , ireland .  the 67-year-old former world heavyweight champion unveils plaque in town .  abe grady , ali 's great grandfather , emigrated from ireland to the u.s. in 1860 .  lonnie , ali 's wife , says the former champion will return to ireland agai .
 want meme to have an impact ? use this font <sec> most image memes use the font impact .  impact was one of windows ' `` web-safe '' fonts , easily accessed in web 's early days .  its forcefulness gives irony to goofy pictures , provides instant comed .
 connecticut priest charged with possession of child porn <sec> attorney : `` there 's no allegations ... of any inappropriate touching of children '' .  dennis carey was arrested monday , waterford , connecticut , police say .  the former priest in has been charged with possession of child pornograph .
 why many liberals do n't trust hillary clinton - cnnpolitics.com <sec> progressives see clinton as closer to the banks than to the middle class .  clinton 's record on national security also makes them wary .  liberals like elizabeth warren and martin o'malley are getting some buzz on the lef .
 debate rages over world 's best goal of 2014 <sec> stephanie roche takes second place in puskas award at fifa ballon d'or ceremony .  roche scored stunning goal while playing for peamount united in ireland .  award-winner james rodriguez says 'the pity is that only one can win ' .  a crowd of only 95 people witnessed the goal , which was filmed by chanc .
 huge suicide blast kills more than 100 troops in yemen <sec> new : u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon condemns the attack .  a blast monday killed more than 100 , wounded more than 200 , offiicials said .  the president fires top security officials , including a nephew of the former president .  yemen is a central battleground in the fight against al qaed .
 virginia killer who sent taunting letter executed <sec> paul warner powell did not make a last statement at the electrocution .  powell rejected lethal injection , the state 's usual method of execution .  killer wrote a taunting , profanity-filled letter laying out details of the crime .  based on letter , prosecutors put powell on trial for second time in stacie reed 's deat .
 national park service to replace national christmas tree <sec> the tree dies of transplant shock .  a new tree will be planted on white house grounds in octobe .
 view from russia : could putin be in obama 's 'broad coalition ' against isis ? <sec> former kremlin adviser says obama may be ready to deal with putin on isis .  nekrassov : the crises in ukraine and syria are closely linked .  nekrassov : moscow thinks obama is telling the kremlin that it needs help on isi .
 # d'oh ! nypd twitter campaign backfires <sec> new hashtags spring up mocking police in several u.s. cities .  new york police ask folks on twitter to post photos , using hashtag # mynypd .  the response was swift -- and overwhelmingly negative .  a spokeswoman defends the campaign : `` this is an open dialogue good for our city .
 supreme court backs ohio officials in election dispute <sec> new : secretary of state says high court `` protected the voting rights of all ohioans '' .  high court backs ohio secretary of state in voter registration dispute .  earlier ruling ordered list of newly registered ohio voters with mismatched data .  republican party contends voter fraud could help swing state towards obam .
 demand for superyachts on the rise <sec> the british market for superyachts grew more than 15 percent last year .  after a year of steep declines , sales for new yacht constructions are picking up .  the monaco yacht show is fully-booked this week , showing renewed interest .  hermes teams up with wally to build $ 145 million ultra luxury yach .
 bangladesh protests claim 4 more lives <sec> four killed , scores hurt , including 21 police officers , in protests near capital .  islamists call general strike in bangladesh ; dhaka protesters object .  the protests began with a war crimes trial verdict issued on february .
 alleged plot against raul castro draws skepticism <sec> former mexican foreign minister says raul castro removed two top-ranking officials .  it 's claimed they were plotting to overthrow him fearing he 'd betray cuban revolution .  report says plotters received support from venezuelan president hugo chavez .  some long-time cuba watchers skeptical over the repor .
 nasa astronaut first to 'tweet ' from space <sec> astronaut becomes first person to post to twitter from space .  mike massimino tweets `` the adventure of a lifetime has begun '' .  massimino , six others headed to hubble space telescope to make repair .
 campaigners push for topless cover up <sec> campaigners hope uk 's biggest newspaper will stop publishing topless model photos .  rupert murdoch , owner of the sun , tweeted the page 3 girl might be outdated .  even one former model now says it is time for page 3 to end .  the sun uses its models in journalism campaigns and marketin .
 brazil : politician eduardo campos killed in plane crash <sec> messages of mourning appear on eduardo campos ' campaign website .  campos , a well known politician and presidential candidate , died in a plane crash .  a cessna taking him to a campaign stop crashed into a residential neighborhood .  all seven people aboard the plane were killed , state media reporte .
 bionic superhumans are on the horizon <sec> `` we 're in the midst of a bionic revolution , '' says author ramez naam .  thought-controlled bionic legs and arms are already reality .  brain implants allowed monkeys to control robotic arms from a distance of 7,000 miles .  these advances raise moral question over who will have access to this technolog .
 volunteer firefighters step up despite personal tragedy , danger <sec> all firefighters in west , texas , are volunteers .  marty marak runs a heating and air conditioning company as his day job .  he kept fighting the blaze even after the blast killed his dog and destroyed his house .  firefighters and medical workers from hundreds of miles away also came to hel .
