 'harry potter ' character celestina warbeck introduced <sec> `` harry potter '' author j.k. rowling offers details on character celestina warbeck .  the `` singing sorceress '' is imagined to resemble shirley bassey , rowling says .  warbeck is molly weasley 's favorite singer .  piece on warbeck is on pottermore.co .
 alicia keys weds music producer in private ceremony <sec> keys , 29 , and swizz beatz are expecting their first child together .  they were married at a private residence overlooking the mediterranean .  the bride wore a one-shoulder vera wang dres .
 opinion : hillary , putin 's no hitler <sec> timothy stanley : hillary clinton compared putin 's ukraine moves to hitler 's in 1930s .  he says the comment was ill-considered ; putin 's justification is similar , but not much else .  he says ukrainian nationalists are more nazi-like , and putin not planning europe invasion .  stanley : if putin eyeing baltic states , which are in nato , eu , his ambition must be checke .
 report : cdc lab mishaps put its credibility at risk <sec> external advisory committee to cdc warns the agency is on its way to losing credibility .  group of experts says cdc 's commitment to safety is `` inconsistent '' and `` insufficient `` .  advisory committee recommends all cdc labs go through external review and accreditation proces .
 chinese researchers to relaunch 'bigfoot ' search <sec> chinese launching new search for bigfoot .  group seeks funding for effort .  bigfoot believed to be half-man , half-ap .
 plot of # alexfromtarget thickens <sec> breakr ceo claims credit for making # alexfromtarget a global trending topic .  but alex from target says he has no connection to the startup .  alex is a real employee of a target store in texa .
 dozens killed as devastating floods hit turkey <sec> at least 31 killed after torrential rains triggered flash floods in northwest turkey .  200 cars washed into sea of marmara ; 800 homes and businesses flooded .  death toll expected to rise with reports of people being dragged by raging water .
 opinion : israel 's occupation is the elephant in the room <sec> levy : israel 's occupation of palestinian territory has gone mostly undiscussed ahead of tuesday 's election .  levy : netanyahu , herzog do n't have the courage to end the occupatio .
 o'gara inspires ireland to murrayfield win over scots <sec> ireland beat scotland 21-18 in the six nations rugby union at murrayfield .  recalled ronan o'gara scores 11 points including second half try .  scotland suffer third straight defeat in battle to avoid wooden spoon .  england lead championship after beating france at twickenha .
 simeone replaces manzano at atletico <sec> atletico madrid name argentine diego simeone as their new first team coach .  simeone replaces gregorio manzano who was dismissed earlier this week .  simeone returns to atletico after two successful stints as a player with the clu .
 poll : u.s. not sure airstrikes alone will defeat isis <sec> 76 % of americans support u.s. airstrikes on isis , a cnn/orc international poll shows .  but just 54 % say they 're confident the strikes will destroy isis ' military capability .  that figure has dropped 7 percentage points since septembe .
 cnn student news learning activity : earth day and environmental law <sec> students will learn about u.s. environmental legislatio .
 finding the right words to comfort cancer patients <sec> cancer survivors say there is an etiquette for talking to people with cancer .  people should n't assume cancer is terminal , says dr. bernadine healy .  do n't use the words `` terminal , incurable , hopeless and salvage , '' healy says .  thoughtful gestures can help a friend with cancer , says air america co-creato .
 what dolphins could learn from don shula <sec> bill curry : vince lombardi would n't tolerate racism in locker room ; culture set at the top .  dolphins fired coach and trainer after bullying report ; he says it should n't have come to this .  he says football is violent , intense , needs leaders to set firm standards for alpha males .  curry : famed dolphins coach don shula let players have fun with limits ; winning was focu .
 does ferguson and lessons of trayvon martin ( opinion ) <sec> mark o'mara : response in brown killing shows we did n't learn enough in trayvon martin case .  he says social media played big role this time in driving national conversation on ferguson .  he says cops blew it with military-style response that disrespected black community .  o'mara : governor too slow to react ; protesters , president , media acquitted themselves wel .
 3 men convicted in gang rape of american tourist in india <sec> three nepali men are convicted of raping a u.s. tourist in india .  they were sentenced to 20 years in prison .  the incident took place in june .  it was among several high-profile rape cases in indi .
 'dancing with the stars ' : who went home ? <sec> `` dancing with the stars '' is down to 11 contestants .  week 2 saw tavis smiley and michael waltrip bringing up the rear .  lea thompson and janel parrish were the top points-earner .
 how to customize your career <sec> you can tailor your career to better match your needs , says cathy benko .  it can feel like the shelf life for professional skills is getting shorter , she says .  rather than climb straight up the corporate ladder , think of strategic , lateral moves .  it can help companies gain a more versatile and engaged talent bas .
 american freed after 2 years in nicaraguan 'hellhole ' <sec> jason puracal had been serving a 22-year sentence for drug-related crimes .  he was freed thursday .  puracal , who is married to a nicaraguan , left the country frida .
 lifetime picks up 'america 's most wanted ' <sec> the show began its run on fox owned and operated stations .  in may , fox canceled the show as a weekly saturday series .  it will return for its 25th season later this year on lifetim .
 neiman marcus investigates breach <sec> neiman marcus says it was informed of a breach in december .  the company does not know how many customers have been affected .  this comes on the heels of a massive breach at targe .
 deaths of pygmy elephants sparks concern in malaysia <sec> fourteen elephants have been found dead in recent weeks in malaysia .  world wildlife fund suspects poisoning , and government officials are investigating .  elephants are poisoned sometimes to make land safe for farmin .
 could eiffel tower become world 's largest tree ? <sec> french engineering firm unveils plan to adorn paris monument with 600,000 plants .  if given the go-ahead , `` world 's tallest tree '' could absorb over 80 tons of co2 , says firm .  the temporary installation , which will cost $ 97 million , is likely to face opposition .  comments : pipe-dream or true innovation ? .  tell us your thoughts belo .
 ronaldo admits real 's champions league 'anxiety ' <sec> cristiano ronaldo says real madrid are under pressure to win the champions league .  real have won europe 's premier club competition a record nine times , but only once in last decade .  ronaldo confident real can defeat former club manchester united in the round of 16 .  portugal international says he will see out the remainder of his contract with rea .
 did climate change cause california drought ? <sec> adam sobel : california 's steps against drought are a preview for rest of u.s. and world .  tying climate change to weather does n't rest on single extreme event , sobel says .  the big picture should spur us to prepare for new climates by fixing infrastructure , he say .
 alice guy-blache : kickstarter project started on 1st female director <sec> alice guy-blache was pioneering female director .  guy-blache had her own studio in silent era , directed hundreds of films .  she 's now the subject of a kickstarter campaign to tell her stor .
 collins : letter to young american women <sec> journalist gail collins remembers big changes and current problems for women .  women could n't get credit card or lease unless their father or husband co-signed .  rep. pat schroeder was mooned by boys sport team after title 9 passed .  when future gov . .  madeleine kunin sought editing job , it was suggested she waitres .
 opinion : how to seize back your democracy <sec> ben cohen , larry cohen : 2014 elections will see huge campaign donations , spending .  they say citizens united ruling helped open gates to flood of outside spending to sway vote .  they say citizens now think corporations , super pacs control democracy .  cohens : public financing of campaigns would restore voice , trust of american .
 opinion : not all college guys just want to hook up <sec> daniel yellin . .  an article depicted upenn culture of female students casually `` hooking up '' .  he says article portrayed male students as taking advantage of drunk women , bragging about it .  he says characterization is unfair ; college takes consent seriously .  yellin : many young men would n't dream of mistreating women ; they respect women 's decision .
 japan and south korea meet for first 'comfort women ' discussions <sec> japan and korea to meet wednesday to discuss `` various subjects '' .  one of the topics divisive between two countries is comfort women .  only 55 of those registered with south korean government as comfort women are aliv .
 dodd : 'i have a lot of reservations ' about bailout plan <sec> sen. christopher dodd : `` we 're trying to put some safeguards '' in plan .  senator says he is n't sure bailout plan of this magnitude is right .  dodd : situation is a result of lax enforcement of rules , documentation in past .  senator says lawmakers will act quickly but wo n't be irresponsibl .
 'house of horrors ' suspect due in court <sec> anthony sowell is suspected in the killings of 11 women in cleveland , ohio .  sowell faces 85 charges , including murder , rape and kidnapping .  sowell served 15 years in prison for a 1989 attempted rape and was released in 200 .
 instagram 's passionate users wary of facebook takeover <sec> facebook bought photo sharing app instagram for $ 1 billion on monday .  instagram racked up more than 35 million registered downloads in just 18 months .  but many users worry that facebook will kill what 's wonderful about the ap .
 mccain pushes hard line against russia ; aides attack obama <sec> russia 's participation in wto , g-8 at risk because of georgia , mccain says .  mccain says crisis should not be used to score political points .  obama 's response to crisis reveals foreign policy inexperience , mccain aide says .  obama 's top foreign policy aides say mccain willing to `` shoot from the hip .
 canadian folk singer killed by coyotes , park official says <sec> taylor mitchell was at the skyline trail in cape breton highlands national park .  hikers saw coyotes attack mitchell and called 911 ; she later died at a halifax hospital .  park where attack occurred remains closed ; coyote believed to be involved has been shot .  mitchell was nominated for young performer of the year by canadian folk music award .
 north dakota 's real-life jed clampett <sec> stanley , north dakota , becomes oil boomtown where a water hauler can fetch $ 100k .  man has rights to three oil wells , strikes it rich : `` you do n't have to work at all '' .  town sits on area that geologists say could hold 4 billion barrels of oil .  mayor : `` we can be a positive impact for the whole country .
 mourinho hits back at real fans <sec> real madrid coach jose mourinho hits back at criticism .  cristiano ronaldo scores twice as real win 4-3 against sociedad .  barcelona coach tito vilanova returned to the dugout following cancer surgery .  juventus stunned at home by sampdoria , inter lose at udines .
 ronaldo hat-trick lifts real madrid 10 points clear in spain <sec> real madrid beat levante 4-2 in la liga clash .  cristiano ronaldo grabs his sixth hat-trick of season .  victory lifts them 10 points clear of champions barcelona .  valencia consolidate third with 4-0 win over sporting gijo .
 obama targets technology in human rights abuses <sec> new : president obama extends the u.s. mission chasing joseph kony and the lra .  obama says new technology should empower people , not repress them .  companies providing technology such as cell phone monitoring to abuse rights can be targeted .  the move is intended to provide another tool in cracking down on syria and ira .
 police : shooting suspect offended by anti-abortion material <sec> new : harlan james drake , 33 , arraigned in shootings .  anti-abortion protester was killed outside owosso high school .  suspect said he was `` involved in another homicide , '' sheriff says .  business owner found dead at gravel company outside tow .
 did boxing damage play a role in boston bombings ? <sec> tamerlan tsarnaev was an amateur boxer who won competitions in 2009 and 2010 .  that raises questions on the possibility of traumatic brain injury .  one expert says tsarnaev likely did not have chronic traumatic encephalopath .
 does the black church keep black women single ? <sec> dating advice columnist deborah cooper : black church keeps black women single .  pew report : nearly 55 percent of african-americans `` interpret scripture literally '' .  the rev . .  renita j. weems : black women need to understand their purpose for attending church .  to find a man , women must look beyond the church , cooper say .
 autopsy complete on india rape suspect <sec> new : the death sparks harsh criticism of india 's prison system .  it is unclear when the autopsy results will be released .  the parents of ram singh say he was murdere .
 cuba to allow athletes to seek pro contracts abroad <sec> cuba says it will allow athletes to play professionally abroad .  before , cuban athletes were not allowed to go pro .  it could allow for big paydays for some , but challenges may prevent tha .
 boston bombing suspect 's friend convicted <sec> robel phillipos convicted of lying to federal agents in boston marathon bombing probe .  he is a friend of boston marathon bombing suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev 's .  federal jury found another friend , azamat tazhayakov , guilty of obstructing justice .  a third friend , dias kadyrbayev , pleaded guilty to conspiring to obstruct justic .
 angry royals take kate 's topless photo battle to court <sec> irish daily star editor suspended pending investigation into republishing of photos .  french judge is expected to issue a ruling on civil complaint by 6 a.m . .  et .  italian magazine publishes more topless pictures of catherine .  william and catherine also file a criminal complaint in franc .
 nasa scientists map out 101 geysers on a saturn moon <sec> nasa scientists identify 101 geysers on enceladus .  an analysis suggests liquid water could be on the moon 's surfac .
 walter williams , mississippi man who awoke in body bag , dies <sec> `` every case i do is a learning experience , '' says coroner .  walter williams was first pronounced dead on february 26 .  he began breathing in the embalming room .  `` i think he 's gone this time , '' williams ' nephew tells cnn affiliate wap .
 what 's killing dolphins ? noaa thinks a virus <sec> hundreds of dolphins have died along the east coast .  noaa says that disease experts think the cetacean morbillivirus is at work .  as of sunday , there have been 488 dolphin strandings from new york to north carolin .
 prison massacre witness wants memories to live on <sec> witness to 1992 deadly prison revolt documented bloody aftermath .  ronaldo mazotto hopes photos , video , personal effects will help preserve history .  vbs travels to brazil to see the evidence , meet mazott .
 bomb scare at eiffel tower ends without incident <sec> incident ends with nothing found .  the incident , which began around 9 p.m. in paris , was treated as a routine occurrence .  some 2,000 people were in the evacuation area , which included businesses and apartment .
 international relief extended to devastated japan <sec> new : china sends 15-member team and four tons of equipment .  korea is dispatching rescue dogs .  the international atomic energy agency is offering its nuclear expert .
 fighting africa 's brain drain <sec> distance learning widens access to world-class health training and education .  london school of hygiene & tropical medicine helping prevent brain drain .  2,500 students enrolled in distance learning program at london school .  school is winner of $ 1 million gates award for global healt .
 mystery piano in woods perplexes police <sec> woman finds piano in woods near cape cod , massachusetts , while walking a trail .  police do n't know where piano came from , who put it there .  piano in good working condition , apparently in ke .
 twin bombs kill 10 people near shiite mosque in iraq <sec> new : at least five people are killed in a suicide car bombing in tal-afar .  new : three people are killed when gunmen attack a southern mosul checkpoint .  at least 10 people are killed when two bombs explode in tuz khurmatu .  bloodshed rises between sunnis and shiite .
 bomb suspect 's friend out on bail , released to mom <sec> phillipos will get needed `` comfort and guidance , '' family friend says .  dzhokhar tsarnaev friend robel phillipos released on $ 100,000 bond .  azamat tazhayakov and dias kadyrbayev are due back in court on may 14 .  the three are accused of helping the surviving boston marathon bomb suspec .
 justin bieber apologizes for racist joke <sec> tmz posts video of 15-year-old justin bieber telling a racist joke .  now 20 , he says he 's sorry for the `` childish and inexcusable mistake '' .  bieber : `` i was a kid then and i am a man now who knows my responsibility to the world .
 lionel richie : no rush for pregnant nicole to marry <sec> lionel richie likes father of his grandchild ; says nicole should n't rush marriage .  nicole richie says parents ' love and support helped her make it through drug rehab .  nicole on lionel : `` i hate when he says that he was n't a good dad '' .  how was his `` american idol '' appearance ? .  `` it 's the best fun in the world .
 capello brings carragher out of retirement as coaches name squads <sec> england coach fabio capello brings liverpool defender jamie carragher out of retirement .  italian names 30-man provisional world cup squad featuring several injured players .  italy coach marcelo lippi omits veterans francesco totti , luca toni and alessandro del piero .  spain name injured stars andreas iniesta , fernando torres and cesc fabrega .
 white house defends secret service amid prostitution investigation <sec> new : some of those implicated did n't believe women were prostitutes , u.s. official says .  senators say they 're considering hearings into the incident .  the white house says obama has confidence in the secret service chief .  the allegations overshadowed obama 's visit to a pan-american summit in colombi .
 at least 2 killed in mexico earthquake <sec> new : at least 50 homes are damaged , state media reports .  one person was reportedly killed in a vehicle ; another crushed in a house .  mexico city 's mayor reports some blackouts , no major damage .  the depth of the quake was 40 miles , the u.s. geological survey say .
 feel young again in 'old florida ' <sec> cedar key , on the gulf , is a classic fishing village that feels like something from another era .  crystal-clear springs are an `` old florida '' treasure -- try alexander or wakulla .  apalachicola is great for oysters and architecture ; state parks preserve pretty beaches .  fernandina , an historic town near georgia , is a gem on the atlantic sid .
 ryder cup stars hit pay dirt after long wait for victories <sec> martin kaymer posts his first victory of 2012 in his final event of the season .  german wins $ 1.25 million first prize at nedbank challenge in south africa .  fellow ryder cup winner graeme mcdowell wins $ 1.2 million at world challenge .  mcdowell upstages host tiger woods to claim his first win since 201 .
 man claims magic potion can double your money <sec> african man arrested at a bar by spanish police .  he had 1,120 euros bar own had given him to double .  the man said he had run out of potion and needed to go home to get mor .
