 opinion : what we owe our kids on climate <sec> james hansen : we know what to do to prevent climate catastrophe .  ending emissions from coal and stopping development of tar sands are key , he says .  it 's time to establish a fee for companies that emit carbon , hansen says .  hansen : it would be unjust to bequeath to our descendants a desolate plane .
 yale murder suspect to plead guilty , attorney says <sec> raymond clark iii will enter a guilty plea thursday , the public defender says .  there is a plea agreement , the attorney says , but he does not divulge details .  yale graduate student annie le 's body was found inside a wall at a yale lab buildin .
 arizona evacuees return home as crews contain wildfire <sec> authorities allow residents of greer , arizona , to return to their homes .  weather conditions expected to improve tuesday .  winds will lessen , humidity will increase as the week goes on .  acres destroyed by wildfires so far in 2011 near u.s. total for 201 .
 new no . 1 mcilroy wins pga championship by record margin <sec> world no . .  3 rory mcilroy wins pga championship by eight shots on sunday .  northern irish golfer triumphs by same margin as his u.s. open victory last year .  unheralded englishman david lynn claims second place in only his second major .  tiger woods ties for 11th as his four-year wait for a 15th major title continue .
 analyst : music pieces probably composed by young mozart <sec> researcher : two pieces likely composed by mozart before he could write music .  mozart 's father probably transcribed the music , researcher says .  compositions have long been known but as anonymous works .  pieces were in book compiled by mozart 's fathe .
 randi zuckerberg to sing on broadway <sec> former facebook exec randi zuckerberg will appear in `` rock of ages '' .  zuckerberg 's two-week run is part of a social-networking promotion .  she 'll play city planner regina in the jukebox-style show .  zuckerberg sings in a facebook-employee band , feedbom .
 inner-city girls inspired by women 's world cup <sec> the anderson monarchs girls ' soccer team is part of an urban league in south philadelphia .  after leaving his legal practice , walter stewart started coaching the girls in 1998 .  stewart got the team together to watch sunday 's women 's world cup .  despite its loss , the u.s. team has inspired the girl .
 review : rick ross ' 'rich forever ' is a delicious appetite-whetter <sec> `` rich forever '' is a mixtape that plays like an album .  themewise , `` rich forever '' is business as usual -- which is to say , all business .  rick ross remains monomaniacally focused on monetary matter .
 restaurant determined to 'serve up food not swine flu ' <sec> thai-themed restaurant in madrid implements anti h1n1 flu measures .  employees have their temperatures taken , windows are opened , gel provided .  restaurant owner says there is `` a big response '' from other owner .
 teacher suspended for showing class macklemore 's 'same love ' video <sec> new : teacher back on job .  macklemore 's song not `` age-appropriate '' for `` prepubescent 13-year-olds , '' school says .  `` same love '' video includes a kiss between two men at a wedding altar .  a michigan middle school teacher was suspended for the same offense last yea .
 'real housewives ' husband apparently kills himself , authorities say <sec> new : lawyer : `` i 'm 100 % convinced '' the reality tv role created his depression .  russell armstrong appears to be `` a suicide by hanging , '' police say .  armstrong apparently left no suicide note , the coroner says .  he and reality show cast member taylor armstrong were divorcin .
 many per se violations voided by judge , chef thomas keller says <sec> most violations against new york 's per se overturned by a judge .  the popular restaurant originally received a `` c '' grade by health inspectors .  chef thomas keller still plans to appeal one of the remaining violation .
 bangladesh , myanmar prepare for arrival of cyclone mahasen <sec> tropical cyclone mahasen is moving toward the bangladesh coast .  a u.n. agency warns that millions of people could be in danger .  the storm is expected to be weaker than hurricane strength when it reaches land .  there are concerns about the safety of muslims living in low-lying camps in myanma .
 a guide to golf 's 'major ' tournaments <sec> u.s. masters is always held at prestigious augusta national , georgia , u.s . .  2009 u.s. open at bethpage state park 's black course in farmingdale , ny .  open championship is the only major held outside the united states .  u.s. pga championship is only major not open to amateur golfer .
 teddy bear maker hit with harassment suit <sec> female manager sues steiff ceo , alleging sexual harassment and assault .  lawsuit also claims company did not stop the harassment after she complained .  steiff and ceo martin frechen deny all allegation .
 pakistani court orders american diplomat held for 14 more days <sec> new : davis ' lawyer files petition for his immediate release .  new : police chief calls the case `` clear-cut murder '' .  consulate employee raymond davis has been jailed since the january 27 shooting .  the state department says the man has diplomatic immunit .
 young son of uk opposition leader dies <sec> uk media : young son of opposition leader david cameron has died .  ivan cameron , six , passed away early wednesday , conservative party says .  ivan cameron suffered from cerebral palsy and severe epilepsy .  british pm gordon brown offered his condolences in parliamen .
 terminal ill basketball player to get her wish <sec> ncaa grants dying teen 's wish .  university moves season opener so she can play .  `` i never gave up for a second even when i got a terminal diagnosis , '' lauren hill say .
 probe into michael brown 's shooting death complete <sec> investigation into police shooting of unarmed teenager michael brown is complete , prosecutor 's office says .  ferguson police officer darren wilson shot and killed the 18-year-old on august 9 .  a grand jury is expected to decide by the middle of next month whether wilson will be charge .
 u.s. families feel sting of mexico 's drug violence <sec> marisella molinar , a secretary , was killed nearly a mile from her u.s. home .  husband : `` she was n't involved , she did n't have anything to do with this ! '' .  more than 1,600 deaths in juarez last year , 400 already this year .  cartels have killed cops , forced police chief to resign , threatened public official .
 the mother who never holds back <sec> shepard learned the importance of calm , and frugality , from his mother , ida .  he credits her with his becoming a writer because she fostered his creativity .  ida also taught him the advantages of being emotionally forthrigh .
 pajamas in public : the battle of 'appropriate ' vs. 'comfy ' <sec> today , it 's socially acceptable to wear pajamas in public , if not always appropriate .  for centuries , people dressed in formal layers , even for daily chores .  1960s fashion designer rudi gernreich predicted we would wear stretchy clothes .  clinton kelly of `` what not to wear '' : `` we are continuing ... on this downward spiral of style .
 'killing fields ' survivor documents cambodian genocide <sec> youk chhang was 13 when the khmer rouge came to power in cambodia .  he survived by eating whatever he could find and eventually fled to the u.s . .  back in his homeland , he now runs the documentation center of cambodia .  `` dc-cam '' is the world 's largest repository of information about the genocid .
 british privacy should start with british press <sec> agnes poirier : uk commentators forget britain boasts most intrusive press in europe .  in france stricter privacy laws protect people from such intrusion , she says .  poirier : `` french celebrities whose privacy has been invaded tend to sue straight away '' .  french value privacy but may see british media attacks as hypocritical , she say .
 can vero pr spin machine help topple sepp blatter ? <sec> prince ali bin al-hussein and luis figo both candidates in fifa presidential election .  pair are having their campaigns run by same london communications firm vero .  dutchman michael van praag also in contest along with incumbent sepp blatter .  fifa presidential election takes place on may 29 in switzerlan .
 sandusky speaks from prison : witness 's 'story changed a lot ' <sec> nbc 's `` today '' show airs audio excerpts of an interview with jerry sandusky in prison .  the former penn state assistant football coach raps prosecution witness mike mcqueary .  sandusky says he 's not sure if head coach joe paterno suspected he was a pedophile .  the filmmaker says he 's trying to give paterno `` his day in court '' after `` he was railroaded .
 reputed boss of zetas cartel captured <sec> mexican authorities say no shots were fired when they captured the alleged head of the zetas .  united states has an extradition request for omar trevino morales .  official : he 's `` one of the most dangerous and bloodthirsty criminals in mexico .
 protesters take to moscow streets , calling for fair elections <sec> new : dozens of protesters are detained , ria novosti reports .  tens of thousands brave the bitter cold in moscow to call for fair elections .  the mass protest follows one this month after parliamentary election results were announced .  demonstrators want an investigation into this month 's election result .
 can eco-city plans bring cypriot ghost town back to life ? <sec> varosha has been virtually uninhabited since cyprus was partitioned in 1974 .  the town had 12,000 hotel rooms at its peak , all of which sit empty today .  a new eco-city project aims to bring varosha back to lif .
 the 7 things we learned from lohan 's sit down with oprah <sec> lohan calls herself an addict in an interview with oprah winfrey .  she said she does n't blame her parents for her troubles .  lohan had a word for those who do n't believe she can make a comebac .
 margaret pellegrini , flowerpot munchkin in 'the wizard of oz , ' dies <sec> margaret pellegrini played the flowerpot munchkin and one of the sleepy head kids .  two munchkins survive , including lollipop kid jerry maren , 93 , and ruth duccini , 95 .  `` the wizard of oz '' is a 1939 movie classi .
 study urges just 1 or 2 embryos during in-vitro transfers <sec> study published in lancet analyzed more than 124,000 in-vitro fertilization cycles .  it discourages transferring three or more embryos during any ivf cycle .  one expert disagrees : `` there are limitations of the study that concern me .
 pastor 's mission : elevate our prayer life <sec> pastor daniel henderson : `` most christians pray out of crisis or pray a grocery list '' .  his 14-city `` creative prayer tour '' seeks to transform how americans pray .  henderson cites the lord 's prayer as the blueprint for christians .  remember the four r 's : reverence , response , requests , readines .
 how the kindle fire could make 7-inch tablets huge <sec> kindle fire is a completely different kind of tablet , designed for the pure consumer .  tablet means to take advantage of the cloud with services like amazon 's $ 80 yearly prime .  smaller form factor makes it extra portable , easy to whip out on the bus or the subwa .
 how our universe grew up <sec> scientists have released a new model of how the universe might have evolved .  the simulation begins 12 million years after the big bang .  it represents more than 41,000 galaxies .  dark matter is the 'backbone of the cosmic web .
 north korea halts foreign tourism because of ebola <sec> tour groups to n. korea say that starting friday , nation is n't allowing international tourists in .  kcna : travelers will `` undergo more thorough-going check and quarantine ... than ever before '' .  no cases of ebola have been reported in asi .
 top chinese envoy meets with kim jong il about peninsula tension <sec> new : mullen calls north korea 's behavior `` reckless '' .  the meeting between the two nations is the first since the flareup .  official : `` the two sides reached consensus '' .  mullen challenges china to use its influence with north kore .
 can happiness be found online ? <sec> dutch project examined relationship between web 2.0 and happiness .  project suggests blogs social networks provide strong feelings of belonging .  danger of too much internet usage leading to loss in real life relationship .
 troops strike in afghan mountains <sec> hundreds of u.s. and afghan soldiers embark on major operation in tora bora .  they are using air , ground strikes to target al qaeda , taliban .  osama bin laden was once thought to be hiding in remote mountain region .  u.s. army : no substantiated reports of civilian casualtie .
 libyan tv broadcasts message from gadhafi <sec> new : gadhafi thanks supporters and condemns nato airstrikes .  italian official had suggested that libyan leader may be injured .  a top libyan leader is in washington to push for u.s. recognition .  the white house stops short of formal recognition of transitional national counci .
 deputy : 'it 's supposed to be me getting shot , not my family ' <sec> deputy sees body of alabama gunman having no idea what awaited him at home .  josh myers had responded to report trooper was chasing shooter .  gunman killed josh myers ' wife and 18-month-old daughter on their porch .  police say michael mclendon killed 10 people that day in southern alabam .
 man killed by grizzly bear at yellowstone national park <sec> a man , traveling with his wife in yellowstone , was killed by a grizzly .  the couple surprised the grizzly with her cubs .  the grizzly attacked and fatally wounded the man .  this is the first bear-caused human fatality in yellowstone since 198 .
 opinion : tiger moms , do n't turn your kids into robots <sec> kim wong keltner : as a chinese kid growing up , i was obedient and quiet .  keltner : parents who rock the tiger mother style expect kids to get perfect grades .  she says in pursuing a 's , she grew up having no idea how to connect with other people .  keltner : tiger moms should foster true creativity and nurture emotional and social i .
 'fifty shades of grey : ' is it what fans hoped ? <sec> hyped movie `` fifty shades of grey '' premiered wednesday at berlin film festival .  critics were derisive , but unrestrained exuberance of fans won the day .  filmmakers denied critics ' assertion that film glamorized sexual violence .  director sam taylor-johnson : `` i feel like i empower this woman .
 u.s. investigates how americans are lured to syria <sec> u.s. seeks information on americans traveling to syria to fight .  the death toll of americans killed in syria 's civil war may have tripled in recent days .  u.s. official : foreigners fighting for such extremist groups come from 50 nations .  obama spokesman : u.s.-born extremists dangerous due to training , willingness to di .
 911 operator reprimanded in josh powell case <sec> new : the operator was confused how the social worker `` fit into the equation , '' the reprimand letter says .  police arrived at the burning home 22 minutes after social worker 's call , reprimand letter says .  911 operator david lovrak missed `` many red flags , '' his supervisor concludes .  josh powell snatched the children and hacked them with a hatchet before an explosion engulfed his hom .
 timeline of tibetan protests in china <sec> tensions has periodically swelled in ethnic tibetan regions of china since march 2008 .  rights group : since march 2011 , 16 people have set themselves on fire in protes .
 monet and klimt paintings woo buyers at london auction <sec> impressionist and modern auction sales kick off in london ; will test the strength of the global art market .  popularity for impressionist and modern artworks still high , in spite of problems in the global financial markets .  star lots of sales at bonhams and sotheby 's include paintings by monet , klimt , modigliani and picasso .  prices stay high because of rarity of great works by impressionist and modern artists with historical provenanc .
 lawyer for ex-miss california usa threatens to sue pageant director <sec> new : pagaent director responds , `` facts are facts , and we stand by them '' .  attorney charles limandri pens ultimatum to miss california usa director 's lawyer .  carrie prejean 's lawyer says dethronement caused `` severe emotional distress '' .  `` please view this letter as a last opportunity '' to retract statements , limandri write .
 cnn iowa insiders survey : will iowa 's evangelicals pick the gop nominee ? <sec> iowa evangelicals wield power in the gop presidential selection process .  bachmann , perry and santorum are favorites among social conservatives .  but their ability to consolidate power is questione .
 leading senate talks falling short of universal background checks <sec> bipartisan effort is weighing different gun control proposals ; debate possible this week .  president obama , many democrats favor expanding fbi background checks to all sales .  but focus of leading senate talks , at the moment , would expand checks , but not universally .  new : obama chides congress for not passing gun legislation ; newtown families lobbyin .
 'star wars ' scientists create laser gun to kill mosquitoes <sec> scientists are developing a laser that could kill millions of mosquitoes in minutes .  the system has been developed to tackle the spread of malaria .  around one million people die of malaria each year , according to the wh .
 evangelist billy graham hospitalized in north carolina <sec> new : graham should be in the hospital for `` a couple of days , '' his spokesman says .  the influential evangelist is believed to have bronchitis , an asheville hospital says .  he 's been alert and in good spirits , says the hospital and his evangelistic association .  the 93-year-old has been in good overall health the past year , after getting pneumoni .
 'perfect ' bra decodes what women want <sec> true & co are using data-driven technology to make tailor-made bras for women .  customers fill out an online quiz , which generates a 'personal shop ' full of suitable choices .  company founder michelle lam believes the service can shape the future of retai .
 why battle for tikrit will defeat isis <sec> likely outcome for baghdad 's current offensive to reclaim tikrit is defeat for isis , writes hayder al-khoei .  al-khoei : crucial element for success will be varied make-up of the groups involved in the fight .  both shia and sunni groups view isis as a common threat and enemy that must be defeated , he add .
 terror suspect out of hospital , held at undisclosed location <sec> accused terrorist umar farouk abdulmutallab treated for burns , released sunday .  cia former deputy director : man had lived in london , has al qaeda ties .  abdulmutallab 's former high school teacher describes him as `` very devout '' muslim .  source : abdulmutallab 's father raised concerns about son to u.s. embass .
 uk 's prince philip has 'exploratory ' surgery <sec> new : prince `` progressing satisfactorily '' after surgery .  prince philip , 91 , may be hospitalized for up to two weeks .  he 's been hospitalized several times recently , including for bladder infection .
 for ex-myanmar prisoner , art is a uniform exercise <sec> eight to 10 guards provided paints to htein lin , smuggled his paintings out of prison .  htein lin said he was able to use art to demonstrate he is an artist , not a politician .  original cloth paintings not for sale ; were rendered onto canvas now on exhibition .  one guard destroyed 20 paintings , thinking one showed a prison map , htein lin sai .
 world 's tallest hotel opens in dubai <sec> guinness lists jw marriott marquis dubai as world 's tallest hotel .  also in dubai , the burj khalifa is the world 's tallest manmade structure .  ritz-carlton in hong kong , atop a 1,601-foot-tall building , is the highest hote .
 mata close to chelsea switch ; kyrgiakos joins wolfsburg <sec> spain international juan mata close to joining english club chelsea .  mata due in london to discuss personal terms and undergo a medical .  mata joined valencia from real madrid in 2007 and has 11 spain caps .  wolfsburg sign defenders sotirios kyrgiakos and hrvoje cal .
 conversation shifts from condolences to campaign issue <sec> discussion on campaign trail turns to foreign policy , national security , terrorism .  candidates trying to portray themselves as the one with the most experience .  richardson says he would call on musharraf to step down , thompson disagrees .  mccain challenges giuliani 's foreign policy experienc .
 bear drags florida woman from garage <sec> new : just one bear , not several , attacked the woman , official says .  the woman found as many as five bears rooting through her garbage , deputies say .  black bears are currently on the move in search of food , conservation officials say .  bear encounter leaves florida woman with cuts and scrape .
 algerian keeper hands slovenia victory <sec> slovenia go top of group c after 1-0 victory against algeria .  captain robert koren scores winner thanks to algerian goalkeeper mistake .  algeria reduced to 10 men when substitute abdelkader ghezzal sent off for two booking .
 elephant ivory smuggled into u.s. , authorities say <sec> six in four states face federal smuggling charges , u.s. attorney says .  ivory reportedly disguised as wooden snakes , guitars and statues .  elephant ivory trade illegal in u.s. since 1976 , worldwide since 198 .
