 businesses find it pays to consult students <sec> some business schools offer student consultancies at affordable prices .  wharton students have helped 20,000 small businesses in the last 10 years .  mba students can combine years of experience with academic knowledg .
 ethiopia rebels warn catastrophe looming in ogaden <sec> rebels call for a u.n. investigation into alleged government blocking of food aid .  the ogaden national liberation front says `` man-made famine '' being created .  onlf is considered a terrorist group by addis abab .
 family ties bind bernard tomic as he stands by troubled dad <sec> australian bernard tomic says his dad is still his coach despite being banned from the atp tour .  john tomic faces a criminal trial in spain in october charged with assault .  tomic snr headbutted his son 's training partner in madrid in may .  bernard tomic retired from the first-round of the french ope .
 north korean women 's team stage walk out in row over flag mix up <sec> north korean women 's team walk off pitch prior to their olympic clash with colombia .  flag of neighbors south korea apparently displayed on big screen before match .  match begins an hour after scheduled time after olympics organizers issue apology .  team gb , team usa and japan kick off their london 2012 campaigns with victorie .
 americans lose in hockey , crushed 5-0 by finland in bronze medal game <sec> finland shuts out the americans by scoring two goals in 2nd period , three in 3rd period .  the u.s. team seemed to be reeling from an earlier loss to canada .  canada and sweden will play for the gol .
 when elvis met barbara <sec> bob greene says he saw a framed photo of a woman with elvis presley .  the woman , he learned , was elvis 's hometown sweetheart just before he made it big .  barbara hearn smith now lives in tennessee and has fond memories of elvis .  greene : she said when his career took off that year , 1956 , he went from boy to ma .
 deen 's accuser : 'this has never been about the n-word ' <sec> it is the first statement from lisa jackson , who filed the suit .  jackson says she is white and could not tolerate deen 's 'degradation ' .  deen acknowledged her use of the n-word in a deposition in the case .  it has cost her numerous endorsements , a book deal and her tv sho .
 heat is on fbi over handling of bombing suspect <sec> former official : fbi uses `` triage '' approach in checking out possible terror links .  sen. feinstein says the intelligence committee will hold a hearing as soon as tuesday .  the fbi interviewed tamerlan tsarnaev before he traveled to russia last year .  some legislators question why tsarnaev was n't questioned again on his retur .
 pilot landed in hudson to avoid 'catastrophic consequences ' <sec> new : crews hoist us airways flight 1549 from icy hudson river .  pilot said aircraft was flying `` too low , too slow '' to risk returning to airport .  plane in air less than 90 seconds when collision occurred .  one engine in river , one still attached , investigators sa .
 amanda knox : 'i do n't know what happened that night ' <sec> new : knox hopes dna report due thursday will help her defense , her father says .  amanda knox says she is `` shocked '' by the testimony of rudy guede .  guede , convicted separately of killing meredith kercher , denies another convict 's story .  knox and her former boyfriend were found guilty in 2009 of killing kercher in perugi .
 sheriff : anthony home may be a crime scene <sec> new : police to search home of caylee anthony 's grandparents .  child 's remains found nearby on thursday morning .  affiliate reports that child 's skull fell from plastic trash bag when found .  utilility worker found remains in bag in area once underwate .
 opinion : 'the biggest loser ' -- warning from someone who 's been there <sec> `` biggest loser '' winner set off discussion of what weight level is too thin .  s.e . .  cupp says she experienced many kinds of eating disorders , including obsession with weight .  she says people can become addicted to the positive rewards of losing weight .  cupp : losing weight does n't mean losing the pressures caused by body issue .
 miner 'knew what was going to happen , ' mom says <sec> joshua napper among 25 miners killed in explosion at west virginia coal mine .  mother pam napper says , `` i just think he knew what was going to happen '' .  pam napper grapples with deaths of two other relatives -- her brother and nephew .  she says such losses are part of life in a west virginia mining famil .
 iraq 's army weakened from within by 50,000 'ghost ' soldiers <sec> `` ghost '' soldiers pay off their commanders , so they do n't have to show for duty .  iraq 's prime minister says he found them by checking paperwork .  he believes investigators will find many more cases .  parliament erupted in shouts at the prime minister 's announcemen .
 bill clinton takes on the nra <sec> bill clinton says the u.s. is at risk for more violence in part because of nra policies .  the nra , he says , believes the public is safer if more people have guns .  stand your ground laws are also risky , he says .  the former president was speaking to cnn 's erin burnett in new yor .
 5 ways north korea keeps getting stranger <sec> north korea has declared the united states a `` sworn enemy '' .  but recently , american dignitaries have been welcomed in pyongyang .  north korea recently carried out a nuclear test that it called a new phase of confrontatio .
 after issuing warning , seoul cancels artillery drill on disputed isle <sec> new : south korea cancels live artillery drill on disputed yellow sea border island .  south korean president lee myung-bak warns north will pay a price if it attacks again .  south korea will consider a chinese call for emergency talks among six major powers .  north korea calls the u.s.-south korea military exercises a pretext for war and aggressio .
 million-dollar prize offered for soldier 'power pack ' <sec> military : $ 1 million prize for a wearable electric power system for u.s. troops .  power system must weigh 8.8 pounds ( 4 kilograms ) or less .  it has to produce 20 watts average power for 4 days .  the contest , to be held in the fall of 2008 , is open to individuals and team .
 new bike lights make cyclists stand out <sec> new revolights prototype makes cyclists more visible from front , rear and sides .  led lights mounted on wheels create arc of white and red light .  inventors aim to start selling the new light system in early 201 .
 battle buddies share 'the toughest job in the army ' <sec> wives of commanders of 101st airborne say spouses form tight bond while soldiers away .  ann campbell and marla schroeder call each other `` battle buddies '' .  the 101st has had more than 40 soldiers killed over the summe .
 2 bodies recovered off coney island <sec> two went missing on fourth of july .  bodies of willie tom , 44 , and celine fu , 29 , were discovered friday afternoon .  several onlookers saw the pair riding together on a personal watercraf .
 epa to set limits on chemicals in drinking water <sec> the agency will set a national standard for perchlorate in water .  an estimated 4 % of water systems contain the chemical .  the epa will also set regulations on a group of other chemical .
 alabama judge not guilty of sexual abuse of inmates <sec> ex-judge herman thomas acquitted of sexual abuse , attempted sodomy , assault .  judge says he brought inmates to his office to mentor them .  lawyer : `` he was trying to get them to do right , to be productive citizens .
 hong kong student leader joshua wong ends hunger strike <sec> hong kong teenage protest leader ends hunger strike .  joshua wong said it was `` only way '' to get government to agree to talks .  strike was seen as an attempt to rally a flagging movemen .
 when to take a sleeping pill <sec> one in four americans takes a sleep aid every year , organization says .  some studies say cognitive behavioral therapy works as well as pills .  expert : otc sleep aids are best for people with occasional sleep problems . .  never drink alcohol and then immediately take a sleep ai .
 mother charged in death of quadriplegic girl <sec> new : adoptive mom charged with murder of quadriplegic girl , 9 .  lorrie thomas also was child 's biological aunt .  shylea had not been seen in six weeks , was reported missing tuesday .  body was found in mothballs and trash bag at michigan storage facilit .
 dozens killed as russian plane carrying hockey team crashes <sec> the crash is `` a catastrophic loss to the hockey world , '' nhl commissioner says .  eleven of 45 people on board the plane were foreigners , russian officials say .  russian official says two survived crash in yaroslavl , northeast of moscow .  the plane crashes on takeoff from yaroslavl airport bound for minsk , belaru .
 severe russian drought forces grain export ban <sec> the russian government has banned grain exports until december 1 .  the drought is the country 's worst in nearly 40 years .  russia is the world 's 3rd largest exporter of whea .
 shields up ! scientists work to produce 'star trek ' deflector device <sec> nasa 's curiosity mission to mars revealed that astronauts on a round-trip would face high radiation levels .  scientists at the uk 's rutherford appleton laboratory are working on a radiation shield for astronauts .  a model has been tested inside a fusion reactor which produces a plasma like that of the solar wind .  the team are hoping to test their concept in space in the next five year .
 disney tightens up resort disability program <sec> able-bodied people were reportedly using disney 's disability policy .  disney ca n't require that people prove their disability .  the new policy wo n't allow almost immediate access to the ride .
 date krumm fails in bid to make history <sec> kimiko date krumm fails in her bid to become the oldest winner of a wta tour event .  the 40-year-old beaten by thailand 's tamarine tanasugarn in the japan open final .  ana ivanovic defeats switzerland 's patty schnyder to win the wta event in lin .
 'american idol ' favorite overcomes tourette 's , asperger 's <sec> james durbin appeared on the 10th season of `` american idol '' .  durbin was bullied by his peers , causing him to drop out of high school .  singer says his wife and child `` balance '' him , keep him motivate .
 westminster dog show : a brief history <sec> the westminster dog show debuted in 1877 .  terriers have won the most best in show award .
 skin cancer drug reverses alzheimer 's in mice <sec> `` they saw very positive and robust ... effects in the mice , '' an alzheimer 's official says .  researchers found improvements in mice 's memories after they got the drug .  the lead researcher cautions that not all good results in mice are seen in human .
 zhou yongkang aides expelled <sec> ji wenlin , yu gang , tan hong have ties to powerful former head of domestic security , zhou yongkang .  the three officials have been expelled from communist party for corruption and adultery .  china watchers : corruption is widespread in china , new laws are neede .
 court papers : 92 interrogation tapes destroyed by cia <sec> disclosure marks first time the specific number of tapes has been made public .  tapes made in 2002 showed interrogations of two suspected al qaeda leaders .  tape destruction is under investigation by federal prosecutor .  aclu had filed motion to hold cia in contempt of court for destroying tape .
 texas gop senate primary heads to runoff <sec> lt. gov . .  david dewhurst fails to get 50 % of primary vote .  that forces a runoff with tea party favorite ted cruz .  sec reports put spending in the hotly contended race at $ 31.6 millio .
 africans reach out to obama via text messages <sec> more than 5,000 messages sent to obama during his visit to ghana .  despite widespread poverty , africa has a vibrant cell phone market .  three african journalists from south africa , senegal , kenya will vet questions .  obama will address the questions on african radio stations and via web vide .
 any website can be a dating site <sec> people meet and date on myspace , facebook , tumblr , foursquare and other sites .  americans now spend about a quarter of their online time using social networks .  do n't compliment incessantly , repeat yourself or keep flirting online too lon .
 google lets you custom-print millions of books <sec> google book search is letting readers turn digitized texts back into paper copies .  google scans millions of books and turns them into searchable documents .  books can be printed on demand by a special machine in about 4 minutes .  the machine is only in a few dozen bookstores so fa .
 scandal threatens to overshadow pope 's final days <sec> new : vatican awash in scandal amid preparations for pope benedict xvi 's retirement .  on sunday , a british newspaper reported four men accused o'brien of abuse .  italian publications report allegations of priest blackmail by male prostitutes .  benedict retires thursday , the first pope to resign in nearly 600 year .
 democrats incredulous over bush 's account of iran report <sec> democratic presidential candidates blast the president for his rhetoric against iran .  president bush said iran 's nuclear program risked `` world war iii '' .  new assessment says tehran stopped nuclear weapons program in 2003 .  biden says bush `` incompetent '' if he did n't know about new assessment earlie .
 israeli airstrike kills 3 hamas military leaders <sec> new : an israeli airstrike hits people digging a grave in a cemetery , health officials say .  hamas says a bombing in rafah kills 3 senior leaders of the qassam brigades .  israel says two of the dead were responsible for `` major terror attacks against israelis '' .  one of them played a `` major role '' in the capture of an israeli soldier in 2006 , the idf say .
 indian court lifts travel ban on italian envoy after marines ' return <sec> the two italian marines arrived back in india last month .  they are accused of killing two indian fishermen last year .  rome had initially refused to send the marines back from voting in elections .  the indian supreme court said the italian ambassador had assured they would retur .
 australian teen accused of pot possession in indonesia <sec> the teen 's attorneys are trying to help him avoid prison .  he was arrested last week , police say .  australian officials say they 're working to get the boy hom .
 waldorf , montessori boom in china <sec> chinese parents seeking alternatives to rote learning in state-run schools for their young children .  holistic education philosophies affect not only the student , but the student 's family lifestyle as well .  lack of regulation over new alternative schools may become a proble .
 the perseid meteor shower ... now appearing in the sky above you <sec> the best view of the perseid meteor shower is after midnight until just before sunrise .  the annual sky show happens when earth passes near comet swift-tuttle 's path .  bright streaks are `` interplanetary dust '' burning up as it collides with our atmosphere .  the meteor show is entertainment for most , but a research chance for nas .
 islamists claim election advantage as vote count continues in morocco <sec> new : the islamist justice and development party wins more votes than any other party .  new : observers call the election transparent , while faulting the relatively low turnout .  new : hillary clinton congratulates morrocans on the `` successful '' elections .  constitutional reforms were approved by referendum in jul .
 hurricane jimena closes in on mexico 's baja peninsula <sec> new : tropical storm erika forms in eastern atlantic , national hurricane center says .  jimena 's maximum winds fell to 135 mph , but storm is still a category 4 .  the storm 's center is forecast to come ashore on thursday morning .  hurricane warning covers most of the southern half of the baja peninsul .
 letterman , cbs sign 'late show ' deal through 2015 <sec> talk show host has been on late-night tv since 1982 .  he moved from nbc to cbs in 1993 .  letterman : `` i needed a little more time to fully run the show into the ground .
 obama calls for israel 's return to pre-1967 borders <sec> new : romney says obama threw israel `` under the bus '' .  president obama formalizes a longstanding but rarely expressed u.s. position .  a palestinian state must be viable , while israel must be secure , obama says .  netanyahu rejects israel 's withdrawal from existing population center .
 angelina jolie , other actresses who went behind the camera <sec> angelina jolie will be directing and producing her next film .  drew barrymore has been producing flicks since 1995 .  sofia coppola became the third woman nominated for best directo .
 gop to have its share of stars , too <sec> gop convention to include celebrities , some performing , others visiting .  rage against the machine , which played in denver , colorado , also in twin cities .  art installations reportedly to express nonpartisanshi .
 if judged by the numbers , ukraine 's military loses war with russia <sec> russia 's armed forces number 774,500 ; ukraine has just 139,000 , a report says .  acting defense minister said to believe ukraine does n't have the military force to prevail .  ukraine 's government has seen its main threats as internal destabilizatio .
 global warming hits antarctica , study finds <sec> common belief that antarctica is getting colder debunked by new report .  evidence that western antarctica is warming , offsetting eastern antarctic cooling .  satellite data used to determine that west antarctica warmed in last 50 years .  antarctica is n't warming at the same rate everywhere , according to researc .
 obama on rape comments : they 'do n't make any sense ' <sec> president barack obama weighs in on comment by gop senate candidate .  richard mourdock : even when life starts with rape , it is a `` gift from god '' .  comments fuel fight to gain women voters in close presidential race .  democrats want mitt romney to stop endorsing mourdoc .
 man featured in 'chicagoland ' shot in drive-by <sec> lee mccollum jr. was injured in a drive-by shooting on saturday and is recovering .  the former gang member became a student leader at his southside chicago high school .  mccollum 's goal is to attend college and get out of chicag .
 cristiano ronaldo signs new deal at real madrid <sec> cristiano ronaldo agrees new five year deal at real madrid .  'i hope to retire here ' says portuguese star .  ronaldo has been joined at real by gareth bale .  bale succeeded ronaldo as world 's most expensive playe .
 arctic drilling opponents win round in court <sec> the u.s. `` has no business letting shell continue '' after ruling , lawyer says .  u.s. used `` unrealistically low '' oil estimates to ok shell 's arctic leases , court says .  the company plans to resume drilling off northwestern alaska this summer .  opponents urge the obama administration to reconsider shell 's permit .
 apparently this matters : weed fairy leaves free pot <sec> a woman calls herself the weed fairy , and leaves free pot on street posts .  she recently posted about 50 fliers taped with free weed in seattle .  the weed fairy 's twitter handle is @ danksyappleweed , but her real name is yeni sleid .
 cameron : nato goals in afghanistan are 'achievable ' <sec> new : cameron says a wikileaks reference to a lack of troops in the past is trueafghan president hamid karzai expresses his gratitude for britain 's support .  british troops could start heading home by the end of 2011 .  nato 's goal is to turn over security operations in afghanistan before 201 .
 iran : do n't ignore the dangers ( opinion ) <sec> lawrence haas : nuclear deal would strengthen iranian regime at home .  nothing of late suggests tehran will change for better after a nuclear deal , he say .
 nelson , young , mellencamp celebrate 25th farm aid <sec> dave matthews and steven tyler join the benefit 's founders for the all-day anniversay show .  capping off the night was the eleven-hour concert 's biggest surprise : steven tyler .  mellencamp says nelson should be awarded a nobel peace prize for his devotion to farmer .
 stiller and rock : it 's nice not to bathe for work <sec> `` madagascar '' stars return for `` madagascar : escape 2 africa '' .  chris rock : `` any job where you do n't have to bathe is '' good .  ben stiller : it 's nice to be in something your kids can enjoy .  stiller , rock , david schwimmer , jada pinkett smith do characters ' voice .
