 jihadi terror suspect could face tough odds in court <sec> man from bangladesh charged with attempting to detonate bomb outside federal reserve building .  peter bergen : jihadists arrested as a result of many law enforcement sting operations .  he says they have n't succeeded in getting acquittals by using the entrapment defense .  bergen : jihadist terrorism cases have declined steadily since 200 .
 date krumm reaches japan open final <sec> kimiko date krumm makes japan open final after beating third seed shahar peer .  date krumm now aiming to succeed billie jean king as oldest player to win wta title .  ana ivanovic reaches first final in 19 months at generali ladies linz event in austri .
 blatter to enlist boateng in fifa 's fight against racism <sec> fifa to work with players like kevin-prince boateng in fight against racism .  soccer 's governing body joined with united nations to discuss racism in sport .  ac milan 's boateng walked off in a match after suffering racial abuse from crowd .  fifa president sepp blatter says 2022 world cup can only be moved on qatar 's reques .
 u.s. intelligence briefing : taliban increasingly effective <sec> `` situation is serious , '' warns intelligence briefing on taliban in afghanistan .  `` security incidents '' up to 500 per week in 2009 , from 40 per week five years earlier .  detainees say taliban trying to distance themselves from al qaeda , the briefing says .  cnn obtained the december briefing by top u.s. intelligence official in afghanista .
 from a voyage of discovery to a real ocean odyssey <sec> plastiki expedition co-ordinator matthew grey recalls early days of the project .  joined the plastiki as a crew member in samoa on june 14 heading for australia .  finding ways to make a boat from plastic bottles took years of trial and erro .
 rep. tom lantos of california dies at 80 <sec> new : secretary of state calls rep. tom lantos `` a true american hero '' .  lantos was only holocaust survivor to serve in congress .  california congressman disclosed last month he was suffering from cancer .  lantos had said he would not seek re-election to 15th term in hous .
 twitter 'surrenders ' to tourette syndrome <sec> the surrender your say project seeks to raise awareness about tourette syndrome .  twitters users gave up control of their feeds to the project for 24 hours .  during that time a program posted real verbal tics to twitter , mimicking the syndrom .
 opinion : helping syrian rebels a dangerous risk <sec> rand paul : u.s. has a habit of picking the wrong sides in mideast conflicts .  paul : first , u.s. supported gadhafi in libya ; switched sides to support rebels .  we do n't know who the rebels in syria are , he says .  paul : we must also consider how rebels might treat syrian christian .
 death toll in the collapse of a nigeria church guesthouse rises to 70 <sec> official : 131 people have been rescued from the rubble of the collapsed guesthouse .  67 of those killed were south africans , south africa 's president says .  rescuers are still looking for survivors , an official say .
 mourners honor victims of iranian election violence <sec> iran by wracked by dissent since disputed presidential vote last june .  results led to hardline president mahmoud ahmadinejad 's re-election .  neda soltan became emblematic of harsh government response after she was shot dead .  mourners paid respects to neda at beheshteh zara cemetery in southern tehra .
 brazile : what sanctity of marriage means <sec> donna brazile : vast majority of young americans support same-sex marriage .  brazile : public figures who support gays have been hesitant to make beliefs public .  brazile : justice kennedy rules federal ban unfairly treats children of same-sex couples .  court ruling shows marriage important enough to apply to all equally , she say .
 dr. conrad murray 's lawyer hints at defense strategy <sec> lawyer : dr. murray did not give jackson fatal overdose .  murray admits using propofol to help jackson sleep .  lawyer : someone else could have caused jackson 's death .  autopsy report said it is unlikely jackson injected himsel .
 prosecutors seek death for exiled tunisian strongman <sec> ben ali has been in exile in saudi arabia since his overthrow .  he is being tried in absentia on charges he ordered police to fire on demonstrators .  several former officials in his government are awaiting a military court 's verdic .
 the pregnancy hunger games <sec> humor writer bunmi laditan : expectations of new moms to bounce back are farcical .  kate middleton and kim kardashian have displayed svelte physiques soon after pregnancy .  laditan : in a 'hunger games'-style competition , new moms would need to get fit quickl .
 divorce , gosselin style , for 'jon & kate ' <sec> jon and kate gosselin 's divorce is playing out before the public .  they join a growing list of celebs whose marital woes have been documented .  celebrity lawyer says it is sometimes hard for stars to listen to advisers .  professor : gosselins can be a cautionary tale for viewer .
 facebook knows its users are human <sec> facebook stops calling members `` users '' and switches to `` people '' .  it also has an empathy team to help advertisers humanize customers .  empathy team helps employees and advertisers see the site from users ' point of vie .
 opinion : why syrian electronic army attacks western media <sec> on tuesday afternoon , the new york times website went down for several hours .  james lewis : syrian electronic army launched the attack to protest the west .  he says the group of `` patriotic hackers '' dislike u.s. media portrayal of al-assad regime .  lewis : some audiences in the mideast enjoy seeing western institutions humble .
 thai red shirt leader dies <sec> new : maj. gen. khattiya sawasdipol has died , hospital officials say .  more casualties brings number of dead to 35 since thursday .  government offices closed ; number of embassies shut increases .  thailand extends state of emergency to five more provinces , 22 in tota .
 punk meets islam for new generation in u.s . <sec> a handful of muslim punk bands have emerged in the last few years .  a fictional portrayal of a muslim punk scene helped set the real-world stage .  some conservative muslims disapprove of the suggestive and irreverent lyric .
 marine dies during california training exercise <sec> marine 's amphibious assault vehicle submerged .  the incident occurred at camp pendleton .  marine 's name was not released frida .
 north korea threatens to strike without warning <sec> new : north korea says it will strike `` without any notice '' .  tensions have been increasing steadily on the divided peninsul .
 paul ryan a gift to both campaigns <sec> both sides got what they wanted in mitt romney 's choice of paul ryan as his running mate .  conservatives celebrate ryan 's selection ; choice helps shore up some support for romney .  democrats quick to attack ryan 's selection as proof of romney 's conservative vision .  political experts say both sides will battle over how to introduce ryan to american publi .
 prosecutor to seek death penalty in salon shooting <sec> scott dekraai 's attorney says he is considering a change of venue request .  prosecutors file eight first-degree murder charges and one attempted murder count .  prosecutors will seek the death penalty against dekraai , of huntington beach .  authorities say dekraai and his ex-wife , among the killed , were fighting over custody of a so .
 mysterious photo found in dog 's collar <sec> a stray pit bull was found in south carolina .  animal shelter workers discovered an old photo in the dog 's collar .  the man in the photo , and his connection to the dog , remain a myster .
 robert mcfarlane under suspicion for representing sudan <sec> mcfarlane `` surely violated no laws , '' his attorney says .  fbi agents search apartment of robert mcfarlane , who was nsa from 1983 to 1985 .  sudan has been under strict sanctions and a trade embargo for nearly 20 years .  mcfarlane has not been charged and is cooperating , u.s. attorney spokesman say .
 her job is to help you die a 'good death ' <sec> jena johnson works as an end-of-life counselor .  she wants to make sure people know they have choices at the end of their lives .  study : more than a quarter of americans have given little or no thought about wishes for dying .  brittany maynard 's death has helped spark a national conversatio .
 ben affleck was right about slave-owning ancestor <sec> ben affleck admits he asked pbs show `` finding your roots '' to avoid mentioning his slave-owning ancestor .  dean obeidallah says the actor and the show were right to leave the detail ou .
 rogue minutemen leader held in fatal home invasion <sec> woman , two men allegedly posed as federal agents in home invasion .  arizona man targeted because trio thought he was a drug dealer , police say .  raul flores , daughter , 9 , shot dead ; wire calls 911 .  among trio of suspects are woman with ties to minutemen group .
 retailers post customer 'bill of rights ' after profiling allegations <sec> macy 's and barneys new york among stores to post `` bill of rights '' .  four people have cited racial profiling in new york city department stores this year .  `` profiling is an unacceptable practice and will not be tolerated , '' the document reads .  document expected to be posted in department stores and on their websites this wee .
 lgbt donors back president obama , big time <sec> a cnn analysis of obama 's biggest fundraisers shows about one in every 16 is openly gay .  gay fundraisers have raised more than $ 8 million for the obama campaign .  similar figures are not available for the romney campaig .
 last-gasp vermaelen goal earns arsenal crucial win <sec> a last minute thomas vermaelen goal sees arsenal defeat newcastle 2-1 .  the win sees arsenal close gap to third-placed tottenham to just one point .  getafe claim a 2-1 success at villarreal in the spanish primera liga on monday .  dutch giants psv eindhoven sack coach fred rutten following a run of defeat .
 get out of house with chinese drywall , doctor tells family <sec> florida family is `` sick on a weekly basis , '' physician says .  million-dollar home smells like rotten eggs .  chinese-made drywall has `` volatile sulfur compounds , '' study found .  dream home now worth nothing , owner say .
 why annie lennox is ready to move on <sec> new annie lennox cd is a best-of collection ; it 's her last album with sony .  lennox says she 's changed a great deal from the eurythmics days .  singer very much involved in aids prevention , motherhood issue .
 police : homeless man admits bludgeoning florida counselor to death <sec> new : police find the `` murder weapon , '' described as a hatchet or small ax .  david-israel zenon murillo is accused of killing his counselor in central florida .  he was arrested after police found out he was trying to sell the victim 's coins .  murillo told reporters that the victim got `` what was coming to him .
 are bad movies so awful ? <sec> hollywood has long history of bad movies , but few paid attention until '70s .  harry medved one of the leaders in calling attention to film badness .  `` mystery science theater , '' `` cinematic titanic , '' `` rifftrax '' invite participation .  some bad movies have long afterlif .
 mind your language : what words not to use at a football game <sec> liverpool issue a list of banned discriminatory terms to employees .  the list contains words relating to race/religion , sexual orientation , gender and disability .  anti-racism organization kick it out launches an app allowing fans to report abuse .  kick it out was first established in 199 .
 seven tips for safer online shopping <sec> check your address bar for `` https '' before entering payment information .  when shopping from mobile devices , use trusted apps and wifi networks .  always turn on the passcode protection for your mobile devices .  if an online deal sounds too good to be true , it probably i .
 washington nationals shut down star pitcher during playoff run <sec> stephen strasburg is finished for the year .  he was 15-6 with a 3.16 era . .  he recorded 197 strikeouts .  the nationals want to keep ace from reinjuring his ar .
 background checks on gun sales : how do they work ? <sec> few americans understand how background checks actually work .  for some republicans , the idea of expanded record-keeping is a deal breaker .  the background check system is linked to several databases managed by the fbi .  since 1998 , almost 2 % of background checks have been denie .
 'downton abbey ' premiere breaks ratings record <sec> at least 10.2 million viewers tune in sunday to season 4 premiere .  that 's up from 7.9 million at the start of `` downton 's '' season three .  pbs executive says the show has become a post-holiday traditio .
 thai riot police clash with protesters <sec> new : shield-wielding riot police clash with protesters early monday morning .  pm declares state of emergency in bangkok and surrounding area .  protesters storm the country 's interior ministry and attack pm 's ca .
 israeli police : missing american 's body found in forest <sec> new jersey official says death of aaron sofer , 23 , may have been accidental .  search for missing american in israel ends with discovery of his body in jerusalem-area forest .  the yeshiva student was reported missing last friday while hiking , police sa .
 newlyweds turn back clock on deforestation <sec> newlyweds in indonesia plant trees under program to replenish forests .  couples plant 10 trees ; if they divorce , they must plant 50 others .  indonesia 's landscape has been devastated by massive deforestatio .
 'abdc ' judge jc chasez talks boy bands and tonight 's drake performances <sec> wednesday 's episode of `` america 's best dance crew '' will be performances of drake songs .  `` drake is a great change-up , '' said judge and former nsync member jc chasez .  chasez said there 's no room for an nsync reunion right no .
 obama should listen to bill clinton <sec> president obama has actively embraced bill clinton for help on raising money and gaining voters .  michael takiff : obama needs clinton in his campaign , clinton craves political relevance .  he says four years ago , obama drove the former president crazy .  takiff : whatever his feelings toward bill clinton , obama should listen to hi .
 f1 test driver susie wolff : it 's incredibly physical driving at 280 km/ph <sec> susie wolff was hired as a development driver for williams f1 in april .  she has raced in six dtm championships , finishing ahead of david coulthard and ralph schumacher in 2010 .  she is bidding to become one of only a handful of female drivers in motorsports top divisio .
 iran urges yemen 's neighbors to stay out of rebellion <sec> yemen 's sunni government , shiite houthi rebels have fought intermittently for years .  yemen has accused shiite-dominated iran of supporting the rebels .  yemen said it had seized an iranian ship near its territorial waters .  some worry yemen could be stage for proxy struggle between iran , saudi monarch .
 colorado wildfire destroys more than 100 homes <sec> the fire has scorched more than 52,000 acres west of fort collins , colorado .  it is 15 % contained .  a 200-acre spot fire flares nearb .
 and the top 10 cnn heroes of 2009 are ... <sec> top 10 cnn heroes revealed hourly on october 1 starting at 1 p.m . .  et .  `` cnn heroes : an all-star tribute '' will celebrate work of this year 's honorees .  anderson cooper is the host of the global telecast on thanksgiving , 9 p.m . .  et .  vote now for the cnn hero of the year at cnn.com/heroe .
 shootings cast pall over 'dark knight rises ' blockbuster weekend <sec> `` the dark knight rises '' was one of the most eagerly awaited summer blockbusters .  experts say it 's too soon to tell if friday 's attack will keep fans away .  studio pulls trailer showing men attacking movie theater with machine gun .
 ethiopian troops remain in somali capital <sec> ethiopian troops yet begin to withdraw from key positions in somali capital .  ethiopians had agreed to withdraw from some bases by friday .  they were supposed to do so under a peace agreement designed to end conflic .
 opinion : rio games ideal stage to highlight planet 's survival <sec> fernando meirelles says the rio games will be an opportunity to show brazil 's energetic potential .  he says the center of attention should be brazil 's natural resources and the importance they have for the world .  brazil 's rainforest is increasingly critical to the fragile balance of the planet 's climate , says meirelles .  meirelles : `` it could be the olympics of the future -- a real planetary event . .
 cnn student news - november 13 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 midterms : politics of fear is n't working ( opinion ) <sec> ruben navarrette : seeing political ads may be the scariest part of halloween this year .  he says candidates in both parties are resorting to politics of fear to turn out voters .  navarrette : some have warned , with no evidence , of immigrants with ebola and isis ties .  he says efforts to frighten women into voting for democrats in colorado do n't seem to wor .
 woman charged in france over babies ' bodies <sec> police free husband , saying he knew nothing of wife 's pregnancies .  bodies of eight infants were found in village in northern france .  woman charged with voluntary manslaughter .  neighbors say couple are in their mid-40s ; former mayor `` shocked .
 pay attention to netanyahu 's policies , not his apology <sec> rula jebreal : netanyahu showed his views during the closing days of the campaign .  she says he favors policies that deny israel 's arab citizens equal right .
 microsoft backtracks on xbox one sharing policies <sec> microsoft has updated two controversial policies for its xbox one game console .  people will be able to play disc-based games without going online .  the changes came after sony mocked the limitations , which do not exist in the ps .
 isaac 's path : empty towns , busy shelters , memories of katrina <sec> shrimpers find refuge in river .  hundreds of `` resilient '' residents pack shelter near new orleans .  grande isle , louisana , a tropical ghost tow .
 reports : pfizer near deal to buy wyeth <sec> `` it is our policy not to comment on rumor or speculation , '' wyeth rep says .  pfizer was not immediately available for comment .  pfizer said this month it was cutting up to 8 percent , or 800 jobs , of its r & d staf .
 cherie blair : 'keep gender equality in u.n. development goals ' <sec> with millennium development goals to expire , u.n. high level panel will meet to discuss post-2015 goals .  cherie blair wants gender equality to remain on u.n. global development goals .  she argues progress has been made , but more must be done to combat inequalit .
 executions drop in '07 as states rethink death penalty <sec> death penalty information center : 42 people have been put to death this year .  that 's down 57 percent from 1999 level , when 98 inmates were executed .  figure partly due to states questioning the constitutionality of lethal injection .  texas leads the nation in executions this year , according to dpi .
 total lunar eclipse coming <sec> the total eclipse will only last 4 minutes and 43 seconds .  people west of the mississippi river will have the best view .  parts of south america , india , china and russia also will see the eclips .
 inter confirm benitez appointment <sec> inter confirm rafael benitez as their new coach .  benitez has signed a two-year deal with the european champions .  the spaniard left liverpool last mont .
 world cup : uruguay striker luis suarez banned for four months <sec> uruguay striker luis suarez banned for nine international games and four months .  suarez guilty of biting italian defender giorgio chiellini .  forward has already been banned for biting twice at club level .  fifa says luis suarez can appeal decisio .
