 move over barney , new dog moving into white house <sec> president-elect obama promises his daughters a puppy .  white house has a history of president pets -- from dogs to tiger cubs .  president bush had three dogs and cat , president clinton a dog and ca .
 it 's not cool to like rush . that 's ok <sec> rush fans are used to being dismissed for their love of the band .  there are many different kinds of rush fans .  rush fans have mixed emotions about the rock and roll hall of fam .
 vogue editor tells chinese designers , 'stand up for yourselves ' <sec> angelica cheung is editor-in-chief for vogue china .  journalist has seen rise of china 's homegrown fashion designers since magazine 's launch nine years ago .  designers and consumers are maturing and going beyond the allure of well-known logos , she says .  challenge is for young chinese designers to move beyond influence of other .
 cranberries not done yet , says singer o'riordan <sec> singer dolores o'riordan says cranberries were on hiatus .  o'riordan just released new solo album .  new footwear for doc martens-wearing singer : gem-encrusted converse .
 brazil supreme court starts massive corruption trial <sec> 38 defendants are accused of using public money to pay bribes to lawmakers .  the first government of president luis inacio lula da silva was in place at the time .  brazilian media is calling it `` the trial of the century .
 exclusive : passenger says she warned crew about man in disguise <sec> nuray kurtur-balas says `` elderly '' man had the hands of `` a 20-year-old kid '' .  a flight attendant said the man did nothing wrong , she says .  air canada : the crew took `` necessary measures .
 woman pleads guilty to pushing man onto subway track <sec> man was pushed into the path of subway train in queens in december 2012 .  woman originally charged with murder as a hate crime pleaded guilty to manslaughte .
 chris froome : 'it 's our burden ' to prove cycling is clean <sec> chris froome says current generation have to prove that cycling is now a clean sport .  briton describes the challenge as `` our burden '' .  2013 tour de france winner believes questions will continue for the `` foreseeable future .
 detroit police treating two pairs of deaths as linked <sec> new : backpage.com cites `` at least 15 different websites '' linked to the investigation .  the bodies of two women were found in the trunk of a burning car .  the bodies of another two women were found in a car trunk 6 days earlier .  detroit police say three of the four women had links to online ad .
 if you do n't want to hear an edgy joke , do n't listen <sec> gilbert gottfried : during a stand-up comedy show , daniel tosh made jokes about rape .  gottfried : a woman objected . .  comics make jokes ; people can decide to laugh , not laugh , leave .  he says people criticized his jokes after 9-11 ; aflac fired him for making japan tsunami jokes .  gottfried : media , internet like to blow things up ; comedians ' job to find line , step ove .
 a yazidi family 's horrifying tale of escaping isis <sec> the shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago , made up of 4,000 tents and counting .  the vast majority of the camp 's occupants are from the town of sinjar and fled an isis assault .  but ahlam , her children and their grandparents were taken captiv .
 mariah carey on her most revealing song <sec> superstar singer was honored over the weekend by bmi .  she said `` close my eyes '' from her 1997 album was introspective .  carey said new single `` triumphant '' inspired partly by husband 's health scar .
 200-year-old shipwreck discovered in northern gulf of mexico <sec> scientists believe the wooden shipwreck dates back to the 19th century .  a rare type of stove , cannons and stacked muskets were on the ship .  exploration used new technology .  the wreck was originally detected during an oil-and-gas survey by shel .
 spacex dragon berthed at iss <sec> the spacex dragon was successfully `` tamed , '' the iss commander says .  the capsule will spend about 18 days at the iss and bring back scientific experiments .  one of the capsule 's 9 engines died during launch monda .
 bratton : no grievances protest to de blasio at funeral <sec> fellow officers to say goodbye to det . .  wenjian liu at a funeral home in brooklyn on sunday .  do n't carry out an `` act of disrespect '' against anyone , police commissioner says in memo .  at the funeral for rafael ramos , some officers turned their backs on mayor bill de blasi .
 longtime gop sen. arlen specter becomes democrat <sec> pennsylvania republican has been in the senate for five terms .  move would give democrats 60-seat majority if franken takes office .  republican party chief rips into specter .  republicans have been angry over his support of stimulus pla .
 thailand offers tourists chance to win a new face <sec> thailand tourism authority launches contest offering free facial surgery .  contest only open to non-thai women between 25 and 45 years of age .  an estimated 920,000 to 1.2 million medical tourists came to thailand in 201 .
 schalke second as bayern fire again <sec> schalke move to within a point of german bundesliga leaders bayer leverkusen .  kevin kuranyi and jan moravek score in second half of 2-0 win at werder bremen .  fourth-placed bremen suffer first league defeat since the opening day of the season .  bayern munich claim third place , two points behind leverkusen , after crushing bochum 5- .
 bill murray to voice baloo in 'the jungle book ' <sec> bill murray cast as baloo , according to reports .  directed by jon favreau , the movie will be live-action .  the cast also features christopher walken , lupita nyong'o and ben kingsle .
 'life black box ' website lets chinese users send data after death <sec> in china , new websites let internet users leave digital imprints after death .  `` life black box '' has 360,000 users , with many in their 30s and 40s .  other popular websites act as public memorials for the decease .
 coney island hot dog eating champ proposes , wins again <sec> reigning king of world 's most famous hot dog eating contest proposes before contest .  joey chestnut downs 61 hot dogs in 10 minutes .  he secures eighth consecutive title , falls short of record .  in women 's contest , miki sudo inhales 34 dogs to eclipse former cham .
 thai beauty queen steps down after 'red shirts ' slur <sec> thai beauty queen renounces title , accused of hateful remarks against government supporters .  weluree ditsayabut won the miss universe thailand beauty pageant last month .  she reportedly called for red shirt supporters to be `` executed '' .  weluree apologized for `` careless '' comments ; resigned for mother 's sak .
 guardiola hits out at mourinho as clasico tensions build <sec> barca coach josep guardiola has hit back at comments made by jose mourinho .  the real madrid coach accused guardiola of criticizing referees when they are right .  guardiola said he can not compete with mourinho in the media .  the two teams meet in the european champions league semifinals on wednesda .
 trekking savannah to deliver maasai nomads ' vaccines <sec> getting vaccines to wandering maasai tribes in tanzania can take days .  about 8 % of tanzanians do not receive basic life-saving vaccines .  gavi alliance partners ' forum to focus on children 's access to life-saving vaccines . .  tanzania to launch new vaccines to prevent pneumonia and diarrhe .
 7 killed after flooding ravages parts of northern italy , officials say <sec> new : the death toll rises to seven and a state of emergency is declared .  348 italian military personnel are dispatched to help in flood-ravaged areas .  cinque terre town is `` isolated , accessible only by sea , '' its mayor says .  the storms have caused transportation problems across liguri .
 kidnapped boy found safe in las vegas <sec> cole puffinburger , 6 , was found safe late saturday in las vegas , police say .  puffinburger was abducted from his home wednesday by three armed men .  police arrested boy 's grandfather , clemons f. tinnemeyer , on friday .  police believe kidnapping may have been retaliation by drug dealer .
 economy deals homeless youth support center double whammy <sec> more young people using center but resources are drying up .  orion center director says demand for services has increased 50 percent .  center provides homeless young people with support , training programs .  one young woman came just to eat but now considers herself success stor .
 martha stewart denied uk visa but hopes to visit soon <sec> british media report that martha stewart denied visa because of criminal convictions .  claims surfaced after stewart reportedly failed to show up for meetings in uk .  chairman of martha stewart living says she `` loves '' uk , hopes situation is resolved .  stewart served five months for lying to investigators about stock sale in 200 .
 s. korea : north korean leader executes 15 officials <sec> south korean lawmaker quotes intelligence officials as saying kim jong un countenances no disagreement .  official reportedly executed for expressing dissatisfaction with forestry program .  four member of unhasu orchestra also reportedly execute .
 bomb blast kills 8 at nigerian medical school <sec> a bomb goes off in the parking lot of a medical school in kano , nigeria , police say .  a suspect is in custody , but a motive for the attack is not clear , police say .  boko haram terrorists have targeted kano , nigeria 's second-largest city , in the pas .
 youngest suspect allegedly fired shot that killed nfl 's taylor <sec> new : the 17-year-old suspect allegedly fired the fatal shot .  new : eric rivera jr. will be moved to a miami-dade facility wednesday , attorney says .  three adult suspects in sean taylor slaying on suicide watch .  taylor died after being shot in home invasion last wee .
 senior sources : democrats set to exclude gop from final health care deliberations <sec> democratic sources say republicans could use senate rules to slow final passage .  congressional leaders have to merge an $ 871 billion senate bill and $ 1 trillion house bill .  many observers believe final version will look more like conservative senate bill .  financing , public option are key sticking points between house , senate version .
 new zealand captain mccaw fit for rugby world cup semifinal <sec> richie mccaw is declared fit for new zealand 's rugby world cup semifinal .  all blacks captain has been struggling with a foot injury throughout the tournament .  wales make one change to their team ahead of last-four tie against france .  france coach marc lievremont names an unchanged team for saturday 's matc .
 fresh clashes between japanese whalers , environmental activists <sec> the two sides trade accusations over who caused ships to collide .  the incident follows a previous high seas clash a week ago .  environmental groups face off each year with japan 's whaling vessel .
 amanda knox prosecutor : we had a strong case <sec> new : sentence makes no sense , co-defendant 's lawyer says .  knox , her former boyfriend raffaele sollecito sentenced for meredith kercher 's murder .  appeals mean convictions not final , italian prosecutor says .  meredith kercher 's sister : `` it 's not ever going to be the same .
 fears rakhine extremists could drive aid agencies out of myanmar state <sec> there are fears ngos could be expelled from myanmar 's volatile rakhine state .  medecins sans frontieres was banned following protests by extremist rakhine nationalists .  the government backs their allegations that the ngo favors rohingya muslims .  advocates for the persecuted rohingya fear the move is part of a push to drive them ou .
 hillary clinton 's 7 favorite midterm campaign lines - cnnpolitics.com <sec> hillary clinton is shaping her campaign speech , including some recyclable lines .  clinton 's stumping for democrats has focused on women and the middle class .  clinton often says that the candidate she backs is the `` right leader at the right time with the right plan '' .  also familiar : `` it 's as though the other side wants to cast an air of amnesia .
 is snowden worth the risk ? latin america weighs pros and cons <sec> venezuelan and bolivian leaders have offered edward snowden asylum .  nicaragua 's president has said he 'll give it `` if circumstances permit '' .  some countries have much to lose , others have more to gai .
 why mitt romney wants in on 2016 ( opinion ) <sec> gloria borger : romney seemed uninterested months ago , but now he 's looking at it seriously .  he likes his chances in the very crowded gop presidential fiel .
 police barricade istanbul 's main square <sec> new : video shows men using machete , stick .  government wo n't allow `` illegal '' gatherings , interior minister says .  witnesses reported use of water cannons and tear gas .  court overruled parts of taksim development project , including plans to rebuild barrack .
 texas police : prisoner who stabbed detective killed days after escape <sec> alberto morales , 42 , was shot early saturday .  he escaped from custody monday , after allegedly stabbing a detective .  authorities tracked morales to a wooded area near where a home was burglarize .
 impeachment trial begins for illinois governor <sec> impeachment trial proceedings for illinois gov . .  rod blagojevich begin .  illinois governor says impeachment trial is `` unconstitutional '' .  blagojevich scheduled multiple television appearances monday .  blagojevich accused of scheming to sell barack obama 's ex-senate sea .
 after 5 years in exile , ex-president musharraf sets return to pakistan <sec> pervez musharraf says he 'll fly to karachi on march 24 to lead his party in elections .  he 's been in self-imposed exile since resigning as president in 2008 .  pakistani authorities confiscated his property ; he 's accused of not protecting benazir bhutt .
 'a frenzy of looting ' seen in haiti 's capital <sec> incidents of looting are becoming more widespread across port-au-prince .  u.n. officials hope to send more troops , officers to help respond .  haiti 's police force is limited after earthquake killed or injured many officers .  cnn 's anderson cooper said looters plan on selling items late .
 lowe 's pulls advertising from tlc 's 'all-american muslim ' <sec> `` all-american muslim '' follows five muslim families in michigan .  lowe 's says the show has become a `` lightning rod '' .  the company 's decision is decried by cair and a cast membe .
 brazilian star neymar out of world cup due to injury <sec> new : argentinian star lionel messi says : `` i hope you recover very soon , friend ! '' .  neymar fractured a vertebra during brazil 's world cup win , team doctor says .  he is out for world cup semifinal and , if brazil beats germany , the final .  one brazilian fan says , `` it 's like we have lost today .
 ferguson , n. charleston : 2 police killings , 2 outcomes <sec> protests in south carolina have been calm compared to the violence in ferguson .  north charleston 's mayor says hundreds of body cameras will be on officers .  it took six days for ferguson police to identify darren wilson , who was not wearing a camer .
 syria-bound russian cargo ship loses insurance <sec> u.s. officials believe the ship is carrying weapons to syria .  the vessel is currently off the north coast of scotland , tracking data shows .  u.s. officials are also tracking a russian military cargo ship , also believed en route to syri .
 cops : husband shot soccer mom as she chatted on webcam <sec> police : meleanie hain shot by husband , scott , in pennsylvania home .  he then shot himself to death , police said .  friend heard gunshots over webcam , saw scott hain firing .  meleanie hain brought loaded gun to daughter 's soccer game in 200 .
 obama taps ge chairman to chair new white house economic group <sec> the white house creates the president 's council on jobs and competitiveness .  jeffrey immelt , the ceo and chairman of general electric , will lead the group .  the u.s. unemployment rate lingers between 9 % and 10 .
 '60s rocker paul revere dies at 76 <sec> band recorded the hits `` kicks , '' `` hungry '' and `` indian reservation '' .  revere was born in nebraska , died at his home in idaho .  the raiders appeared on american bandstand and other tv shows .  revere was knicknamed `` the madman of rock 'n ' roll .
 opinion : how big pharma rips you off on drugs <sec> the supreme court probably will decide in june on federal trade commission v. actavis .  arthur caplan , zachary caplan : big pharma has kept prescription drug prices high .  caplans : the court 's decision will affect our escalating national health care bill for drugs .  they say the supreme court should end pay-for-delay and encourage market competitio .
 bad laws would hurt good drones <sec> ryan calo : like pilot 's claim , we are going to hear more reports of drones in u.s. skies .  people are fearful of drones because they are used in war and surveillance , he says .  calo : privacy law does n't cover most uses of drones , so many want to change laws .  he says potential creative uses of drones are endless and bad laws could prevent the .
 muddy waters cloud search for airasia flight qz8501 <sec> family member : `` even up until now , i ca n't accept it '' .  official : one large object initially believed to be from the plane is from a ship .  divers report zero visibility as they search the bottom of the java se .
 how amazon could save the u.s . postal service <sec> internet has hurt the postal service , but could also be its savior .  amazon could go to same-day shipping , and use u.s . .  postal to do it .  usps has a pilot program , metro post , that does just tha .
 apple cakes save home from foreclosure <sec> new jersey actress turned to baking apple cakes to avoid foreclosure .  the idea came from brainstorming with a consumer credit counselor .  she resolved to sell 100 cakes in 10 days at $ 40 each to pay mortgage , debts .  so far , she 's sold about 200 cakes , attracting the attention of an internet retaile .
 commentary : stalking has become an epidemic <sec> jane velez-mitchell : new study says 3 million-plus americans are stalked .  she says most victims do n't report the crime to law enforcement .  velez-mitchell : few cases wind up being resolved by police and court action .  she says we need to do counseling and victims need to come forwar .
 u.s. cables : mubarak still a vital ally <sec> a cnn analysis of secret cables published by wikileaks reveals u.s. frustration .  u.s. has concerns over economic reform , mubarak 's lack of succession planning .  cables also reveal washington sees egypt as an important and -- until now -- stable all .
 u.s. orders new safety upgrades at nuclear plants <sec> nuclear regulatory commission requires changes at 31 plants .  nrc wants enhancements to help contain damage from any accident .  reactors are similar in design to fukushima plant in japan .  earthquake , tsunami caused meltdown at fukushima in 201 .
 iolanda balas <sec> olympic record : 2 gold medals .  during that period she also set 14 world records raising the bar to 1.91m .  her long legs were ideally suited to the `` scissors '' style favored by athletes .  high jumper ; born december 12 , 1936 , in timosoara , romani .
 ye wechong makes tour history as china showcases young talent at home <sec> ye wocheng becomes youngest european tour player in history at the china open .  the 12-year-old finishes first round on seven over par and in danger of missing cut .  chinese 16-year-old dou zecheng signs for an impressive two-under-par 70 .  golf 's global authorities back decision not to disqualify tiger woods at the master .
 chelyabinsk meteor tinted by ancient crashes <sec> the space rock that blew up over russia had been darkened by ancient crashes .  `` dark asteroids are harder to detect because they reflect less light , '' scientist says .  the meteor injured about 1,500 people when it crashed to earth in february .  scientists have found about 100 pieces , the biggest of which is about 11 pound .
 ryanair pilots raise safety concerns <sec> ryanair , europe 's largest budget airline by revenue , declined to comment on the survey on sunday .  more than 1,000 captains and first officers at ryanair -- more than one-third of the total number of pilots at the company . .  it also found 94 per cent believed an inquiry is needed into the impact of ryanair 's employment practices on safet .
 telecom firm pushed back on nsa data collection , papers show <sec> telecommunications company challenged nsa 's data collection , papers show .  the newly released documents show firms pressed u.s. to prove legality in 2010 .  the companies had been criticized for not protecting customers ' privac .
