 hopes high for somalia 's new islamist president <sec> moderate islamist is new leader of war-torn somalia .  moderate leader has chance to form inclusive government , analyst says .  radical islamist group still controls parts of somalia .  with departure of ethiopian troops , radical islamists lose rallying cr .
 can you believe this traffic ? health consequences of a long commute <sec> despite the perils of a long commute , most people in the united states drive to work .  impatience -- if not handled early on -- can turn into resentment and anger , experts say .  long commutes linked to high blood pressure and higher body mass index , study find .
 silicon valley housing crisis a sign of larger problem <sec> cnn 's john sutter told the story of the `` poor kids of silicon valley '' .  hud secretary julián castro : our shortage of affordable housing is a national crisis that stunts the econom .
 24-year-old cancer victim inspires after death <sec> maire kent had cardiac sarcoma , a rare and aggressive form of cancer .  she made a plan to send her ashes on a tiny boat from the great lakes to the atlantic .  filmmaker keith famie documented the boat 's journey and how strangers helped out .  `` i promised her that we 'd get her there . .  and we did , '' famie say .
 military , music marked temple suspect 's path to wisconsin <sec> wisconsin killing suspect fronted a white-supremacist rock band .  page talked about a race war while in the army , former comrade says .  he drifted from colorado to both coasts after discharge , settling in north carolina .  he moved to the milwaukee area in recent months , former neighbors and landlord sa .
 as hiv epidemic grows , florida city grapples with fear and denial <sec> hiv/aids is like `` hush-hush '' says one man who tested positive this year .  advocates say they ca n't post red ribbons on their offices because of stigma .  new hiv infection rates are increasing in northern florida cit .
 do n't add benefit cuts to troops ' sacrifices <sec> jonathan raab : veterans day more about survival than victory for many of today 's troops .  he says returning troops face long recovery even as budget woes raise threat of benefit cuts .  he says military service is much more taxing and traumatic than a civilian 's work .  raab : americans should remember veterans ' sacrifices after decade of wa .
 former oil executive named archbishop of canterbury <sec> new : church leaders welcome justin welby 's appointment .  welby will become the titular leader of the world 's 77 million anglicans .  `` to be nominated to this post is both astonishing and exciting , '' he says .  archbishop-elect says he will vote for women bishops , opposes gay marriag .
 is chick-fil-a turnout a preview of november ? <sec> timothy stanley : chick-fil-a dustup so preposterous it almost seems a brilliant sales gimmick .  he says u.s. has odd tendency to turn statements of principle into a nationwide movement .  he says it might be pre-election warning : culture wars can be blended with economic worries .  stanley : chick-fil-a protest support could preview voter turnout if romney plays it righ .
 economist dambisa moyo : china can transform africa <sec> dambisa moyo is a zambian economist , investment strategist and author .  she 's been arguing for years that international aid stifles africa 's development .  essential is to focus on what china can do for africa , she says .  moyo says capital , labor and productivity will help spur africa 's economic growt .
 see the ufo ? no ? try squinting . squint harder <sec> nasa recently deployed live webcams on the international space station .  they are there to give people a nice view of the earth .  ufo enthusiasts have used the cameras to spot alleged ufos .  they look like specks and blur .
 japanese hunters capture rare albino dolphin <sec> japanese fishermen have captured a rare albino dolphin and killed 11 other dolphins .  activists speculate the rare dolphin will be sold for up to $ 500,000 to be displayed in captivity .  locals defend the hunt , a long-held tradition in japanese town of taij .
 soccer players ' union fifpro to launch match-fixing hotline <sec> worldwide soccer players ' union fifpro launches project to combat match-fixing .  players will be able to report any illegal approaches or behavior via an online tool .  fifpro also to raise awareness of the problems among players , coaches and referees .  match fixing cases in south africa and italy have emerged recentl .
 more probes as 180,000 west virginians still told not to use water <sec> new : more people are told they can use water ; more than 180,000 still under `` do not use '' order .  a state legislator says `` there will definitely be a change '' after last week 's chemical spill .  thousands of gallons of a compound used to clean coal poured into the elk river .  `` this whole series of events is unacceptable , '' lawmaker say .
 mass slaughter shocking , but not surprising <sec> foust : sunday 's mass murder is not a new outrage for afghanistan .  u.s. soldier slaughtered 16 afghans in their homes during early hours .  u.s. officials say it was the work of a lone gunman who is now in custody .  foust : u.s. lacks political strategy for afghanistan after pullou .
 rafael nadal and novak djokovic reach rome masters final <sec> rafael nadal and novak djokovic take alternative routes to rome final .  spaniard a straight sets winner over bulgaria 's grigor dimitrov .  djokovic slugs it out over three sets with milos raonic .  serena williams to play home favorite sara errani in women 's fina .
 miracle of bible stopping bullet was a myth , police say <sec> a dayton public transit bus driver said a bible in his pocket stopped bullets .  police believed his story in february , saying 'intervention ' saved his life .  after reviewing dna and ballistics evidence , they demystified the miracle story .  but bus driver rickey wagoner says he did n't li .
 'the big lebowski ' : now preserved for all time <sec> the national film registry has added 25 more titles .  that list includes classic comedies like `` the big lebowski '' .  there are now 650 movies in the film registr .
 rip excessively loud tv commercials <sec> a new rule mandates that ads maintain the same volume as tv shows .  it stems from the commercial advertisement loudness mitigation , or calm , act .  political ads must compl .
 gold ! find near shore worth $ 250k <sec> treasure hunters find 48 gold `` escudo '' coins in wreckage of spanish galleon .  the entire fleet of 11 ships was sunk by a hurricane in 1715 .  the oldest coin bears the date 1697 .  the coins have an estimated value of nearly $ 250,00 .
 opinion : creating an aids-free generation by starting at home <sec> we continue to struggle with an unabated hiv epidemic in the united states .  communities of color are disproportionately affected by the virus .  we must fight the disease -- not the people who have it , say amfar representative .
 lyon reach agreement to sign gourcuff <sec> lyon reach an agreement with french league rivals bordeaux to sign yoann gourcuff .  the former french champions to pay 22 million euros for the french midfielder .  gourcuff played for france at the world cup finals in south africa and has won 24 caps .  juventus have registered an interest in signing italian striker antonio di natal .
 u.s. launches 'major operation ' in afghanistan <sec> 4,000 american troops , 650 afghans involved in operation khanjar .  it focuses on helmand river valley , hotbed of taliban violence .  operation 's size and scope are `` very significant , '' official say .
 biden on obama at start of second term : 'totally simpatico ' <sec> biden says he 's comfortable with most recent role as deal closer .  vice president says running against obama in 2008 helped forge relationship .  one of obama 's biggest roles will be trying to get obama 's guns agenda through congress .  some of biden 's candor has n't gone over well with white house staf .
 3 spotify apps for music geeks <sec> moodagent lets a user pick music according to a mood .  fellody helps find other users who share music taste .  seatgeek shows when bands are coming to a user 's are .
 father fears he may never see his son imprisoned in iran <sec> mother appeals publicly to president ahmadinejad for amir hekmati 's release .  former u.s. marine is unaware his father is dying of brain cancer .  `` that 's my last wish , to hug him and kiss him , '' his father says .  `` they forced him '' to confess to espionage , his mother says . .  `` that 's not true .
 super typhoon haiyan : 'it is like a tsunami has hit ' <sec> paula hancocks are crew are the first international news team to reach tacloban .  hancocks : debris and destruction everywhere .  relief efforts are at an early stage .  roads are inaccessible , hard for authorities to gauge full impact of stor .
 beyonce : forbes ' most powerful celebrity <sec> forbes magazine names beyonce the world 's most powerful celebrity .  she made an estimated $ 115 million in the past year .  her husband jay z placed sixth on forbes lis .
 japan marks 1 month since deadly quake , tsunami <sec> new : powerful aftershock hits one month after deadly quake .  japan observes a minute of silence for disaster victims .  the quake has left more than 13,000 dead and 14,000 missing .  the crisis at a damaged nuclear plant is yet to be resolve .
 cher defends son chaz bono against 'bigots ' <sec> cher has taken to twitter to defend bono 's decision to join `` dancing with the stars '' .  `` thanks for all your support mom , '' bono tweeted .  bono is the series ' first transgendered contestan .
 mit wins $ 40,000 prize in nationwide balloon-hunt contest <sec> mit team was first to discover the locations of 10 balloons scattered across u.s . .  contest tested use of web-based techniques to achieve time-critical tasks .  challenge was announced on anniversary of first message sent on internet 's precursor .  darpa : winning team discovered balloons ' locations less than nine hours after launc .
 high turnout in separatist ukraine vote <sec> new : rebel prime minister wins in self-proclaimed people 's republic of donetsk .  russian foreign ministry considers the vote valid .  exit polls show more than 500,000 people voted in luhansk .  the ukrainian government and western countries have criticized the election .
 police : at least 87 dead in mass shooting , bombing in norway <sec> new : at least 80 people killed in utoya island shooting .  new : a police spokesman says the death toll may rise on the island .  7 killed , 90 people hospitalized after the blast in oslo .  the man in custody is a blond , 32-year-old norwegia .
 same-sex marriages in idaho put on hold <sec> an arkansas judge paves way for same-sex marriages .  circuit judge says he is remedying harm .  a federal appeals court stays a ruling that would allow such marriages in idah .
 $ 1.5 million payout for woman beaten by california cop <sec> an officer was caught on videotape beating marlene pinnock , a great-grandmother .  she reaches a $ 1.5 million settlement with the california highway patrol .  the officer involved has resigned as part of the settlement , the agency say .
 ebola comment on u.s. airways 845 ; men in hazmat suits <sec> a man on u.s. airways flight 845 made a comment about having ebola .  the plane was met by officials in hazmat suits .  as they escorted him from board , social media video recorded him .  he tells them that he was joking , that he is `` not from africa .
 puerto rico fire linked to faulty gas tank monitoring system <sec> storage tank fire at the caribbean petroleum corp. has been investigated .  tank overflowed , creating vapor cloud that ignited , officials say .  fbi says the explosion was an industrial accident , not terrorism or sabotag .
 indonesia has a history of bombings <sec> in 2002 , a bombing at two night clubs on the island of bali killed 202 people .  bombing blamed on jemaah islamiyah , a terror group with ties to al qaeda .  in 2003 , the same jw marriott hotel attacked friday was bombed , killing 12 .  presidential spokesman says indonesia has made strides in addressing terroris .
 most disapprove of pope 's handling of abuse scandal , poll finds <sec> 59 percent of american catholics polled have favorable view of pope .  but 56 percent disapprove of how he has dealt with abuse reports .  allegations against church have piled up across europe recentl .
 standard chartered pays $ 340m to settle money laundering charges <sec> standard chartered pays $ 340m to settle allegations of money laundering for iran .  u.s. regulators accused the london-based group of concealing 60,000 transactions with iran .  standard chartered is accused of helping iran avoid sanctions by concealing $ 250b of transactions .  the group refuted the charges , saying 99.9 % of transactions complied with regulation .
 house gop : defund obamacare or shut government down <sec> house gop pushes bill tying government funding to end of obamacare funding .  gop plan locks in current spending levels and prioritizes spending if debt ceiling is n't raised .  democrats have said they will not negotiate over obamacare or the debt ceiling .  negotiating over the debt ceiling `` ca n't be a recipe for government , '' obama warn .
 the spirit of ... adventure <sec> italian mountaineer reinhold messner has inspired others to seek adventure .  psychologist dr. james thompson says adventurers tend to be more extroverted .  women in their 40s are leading the charge towards adventure .  insurers say `` nifty fifties '' are seeking adventures once the kids have left hom .
 my 'green limo ' is saving the world <sec> john leguizamo thinks urban biking is a winner all-around .  it cuts carbon emissions , saves time , improves health .  new york added 200 miles of bike lanes , saw 45 percent increase in bike commuting .  added benefit : `` you learn to curse in every language .
 u.s. flights to central african republic set to start thursday <sec> u.s. military airlifts of burundi forces expected to begin thursday .  the dropoffs in bangui , the capital , expected to be short due to violence .  u.s. president barack obama calls for the country to reject violence .  the central african republic is wracked by internal conflic .
 drone strike hits pakistani tribal region <sec> a drone attack occurs in north waziristan , a military official says .  the pakistani authorities are still trying to determine the number of casualties .  north waziristan is widely believed to be a haven for insurgent groups .  a parliamentary report has called for an end to u.s. drone strikes in pakista .
 how to help the victims of the colorado massacre <sec> the aurora victim relief fund has been created to help victims of the colorado massacre .  several nonprofit organizations are providing direct support to those affected .  friends and family members have established various funds to help individual victim .
 police ask residents for information in virginia tech student 's death <sec> person responsible for death said to be familiar with area where remains were found .  morgan harrington last seen at concert in october , when she was separated from friends .  harrington 's skeletal remains were found on 700-acre farm about 10 miles from concert site .  fences , streams , terrain would make land difficult for stranger to negotiate , authorities sa .
 can we fix a hyper-partisan congress ? <sec> mickey edwards : do n't be surprised at the hyper-partisan nature of congress .  edwards : congress ' inability to deal with the nation 's challenges can be fixed .  he says the problem begins with how people are elected to congress in the first place .  edwards : we 've created a system that rewards incivility and punishes cooperatio .
 italian appeal court acquits berlusconi in sex case <sec> prosecutors said berlusconi had sex with underage dancer called `` ruby the heart-stealer '' .  berlusconi appealed his 2013 conviction and milan 's court of appeal acquitted him friday .  judge : one alleged act `` did not take place '' ; the facts of another `` do not constitute a crime '' .  acquittal can be appealed to italy 's supreme court , which would make a final rulin .
 rival libyan militias battle for tripoli airport <sec> national airline announces airport will be closed until july 17 .  fighting is threatening civilians with violence happening also along airport road .  brigades from zintan have controlled the airport since 201 .
 saudi women slam dunk sports taboo <sec> saudi women are banned from playing sport in public , but attitudes are slowly changing .  a basketball team in jeddah has drawn growing numbers of women over the past decade .  they say growing awareness of the health benefits of sport are helping to change attitudes .  saudi arabia recently said it would allow women athletes to compete at the olympic .
 car bomb hits u.n. cars , kills 2 near mogadishu 's airport <sec> four others were wounded in the attack , officials say .  al-shabaab claims responsibility for the attack .  mortar rounds fired on mogadishu wednesday , authorities sa .
 nevada stops defending ban against same-sex marriage <sec> series of court rulings prompt nevada to stop defending ban against gay marriage .  the state 's arguments `` are no longer sustainable , '' says attorney general .  governor adds the state 's `` case is no longer defensible in court , '' spokeswoman says .  lambda legal , whose clients challenged ban , praises state 's decisio .
 abuse victims report long-term poor health , depression <sec> nih : domestic violence is the most common cause of injury to women ages 15 to 44 .  study : abused women more likely to have depression , anxiety , joint pain .  calling a domestic violence hot line is a good first step for a victi .
 holiday movies 2013 : a guide <sec> the holiday movie season zeroes in on family , greed and corruption .  anticipated films range from biopics to musical dramas .  celebrated directors like spike jonze , the coen brothers and scott cooper release new film .
 report : 2 spanish journalists kidnapped in syria arrive home <sec> the two journalists embrace family and friends during a joyous reunion in madrid .  the men were abducted in september .  their captors are believed to be linked to an al qaeda-backed group .  el mundo reports their release but does n't go into detail about how they were free .
 do n't dismiss the fighting irish <sec> south bend , indiana , native terence moore : players come to notre dame `` to be great '' .  irish remain relevant , despite lack of national championship for 23 years , he says .  several notre dame players are speculated as future high picks in the nfl draf .
 opinion : for class of 2013 , a cold shower <sec> ruben navarrette : last year a graduation speaker told students `` you 're not special '' .  he says the viral talk rightly targeted millennial generation as privileged , entitled .  navarrette gives 10 tips for a rewarding life and career .  he says young people should get to really know their parents , explore life outside comfort zon .
 wikileaks cable : saudi oil estimates may have been exaggerated <sec> u.s. cables from saudi arabia in 2007 were released by wikileaks .  former aramco executive predicted a slow decline in saudi oil output after 2020 .  sadad al-husseini disagreed with estimate of as many as 300 billion barrels of reserves .  2009 cable cites analysts who say nuclear power is kingdom 's only recourse to meet deman .
 the new hollywood ? cape town takes on tinseltown <sec> cape town film studios has lured some of hollywood 's biggest names to south africa .  movies shot there include `` chronicle , '' `` dredd '' and `` safe house '' .  government offers incentives to foreign movie maker .
 attacks by afghan troops on nato soldiers rising , but motives complex <sec> attacks spark fears that the taliban are infiltrating the afghan forces .  military analysts and intelligence officials say the reality is more complicated .  an analysis concludes that combat stress provoked 36 % of the attack .
 lawmaker : va wait-list , cover-up allegations 'tip of the iceberg ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> house veterans affairs committee chair says more to come in va scandal .  house speaker says he 's getting closer to calling for va secretary shinseki to step down .  va officials do n't show up for a meeting with house committee on scandal .  va secretary eric shinseki has not offered to resign , aims to reassure veterans in statemen .
 minister : knifing suspect known to french intelligence <sec> french interior minister says the suspect was on the radar of intelligence services .  the man , identified as moussa coulibaly , was known to have become radicalized .  suspect flew to turkey last week but was turned back , a turkish official sai .
 south african official lied about semenya gender tests <sec> president of athletics south africa admits that he lied about gender tests .  national sports body had denied it agreed to tests on runner before berlin race .  leonard chuene apologizes in aftermath of controversy over caster semenya .  e-mails reveal that team doctor had advised not allowing her to compet .
