 5 stunning places to see penguins <sec> november through march is prime season for penguin viewing .  from argentina to australia , penguin tours allow travelers to see them in the wild .  responsible tours to see penguins support conservatio .
 twin suicide attacks kill 12 tribesmen in yemen <sec> the tribesmen are part of a small force fighting al qaeda .  in one of the attacks , a suicide bomber shakes hands with the fighters before detonating .  clashes in the province have been ongoing since ma .
 u.s. seeks to 'reset ' relations with russia <sec> united states , russia want to `` reset '' relations after years of tension .  secretary of state hillary clinton gives `` reset '' button to russian counterpart .  text on button actually translates to `` overcharged '' .  both countries want to renegotiate strategic arms reduction treat .
 mario cantone marries his partner of 20 years <sec> comedian mario cantone and his partner jerry dixon tied the knot .  cantone and dixon , a musical theater director , married after 20 years together .  `` it was beautiful , just my family there , '' cantone sai .
 hurricanes churn in atlantic and pacific <sec> local newspaper reports 80 % of households without power .  hurricane gonzalo slams bermuda with powerful winds , heavy rain , and high surf .  national hurricane center says gonzalo wind gusts top 115 mph .  hurricane ana in the pacific strengthens into category 1 stor .
 4 marines killed at camp pendleton during range maintenance operation <sec> the four marines were working on range area known as zulu black used for live-fire drills .  but the deaths did n't occur under such live fire , a military source says .  it 's possible that unexploded ordnance suddenly detonated , the source says .  in march , seven marines were killed when a mortar round exploded in nevad .
 stoner on pole for portugal motogp race <sec> casey stoner will start first on the grid for sunday 's motogp race at estoril .  world champion sets the fastest time in saturday 's qualifying session .  australian heads a front row of teammate dani pedrosa and cal crutchlow .  championship leader jorge lorenzo is fourth while valentino rossi is nint .
 cnn student news : daily discussion <sec> use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories .  today 's daily discussion includes the media literacy question of the da .
 4-year-old boy dies as storms pummel mid-atlantic and south <sec> 4-year-old boy dies in richmond , virginia .  new : tornado hit area northwest of atlanta , national weather service says .  tornado spotted in maryland , national weather service says .  flooding reported in lansing , michigan ; storm damage reported in indiana , ohi .
 ukraine try to entice shevchenko back into soccer as national coach <sec> andriy shevchenko invited to take charge as coach of ukraine national team .  former chelsea and ac milan star retired after an 18-year career after euro 2012 .  the 36-year-old captained ukraine 56 times and scored 56 goals in 111 game .
 nasa collaboration encourages young women to pursue science <sec> nasa collaborating with recording artist mary j. blige .  a public service announcement begins running this week on nasa tv .  the collaboration encourages women to reach for the star .
 north korea : reality vs. the world according to dennis rodman <sec> dennis rodman calls north korean dictator kim jong un `` a very good guy '' .  human rights watch says kim has had little effect on north korea 's dismal rights record .  rodman calls on journalists to visit north korea and see for themselves .  north korea 's propaganda machine severely restricts medi .
 mandela to skip world cup opening after great-grandchild dies in wreck <sec> mandela played key role in bringing world cup to south africa .  great-granddaughter died in wreck after world cup kick-off concert .  driver charged with drunk driving , police sai .
 james 'whitey ' bulger defense : taxpayers will foot the bill <sec> james `` whitey '' bulger has been convicted of racketeering and been linked to killings .  $ 800,000 was found in his home . .  judge assigned him tax-funded lawyers .  including outstanding attorney 's fees , bill is nearly $ 2.7 millio .
 tracy morgan returns to nashville to apologize for anti-gay rant <sec> new : `` i did n't know , i did n't mean it , '' morgan says about his anti-gay rant .  new : `` i do n't have a hateful bone in my body , '' morgan says .  new : gay man who was in the audience during the rant accepts morgan 's apology .  his remarks , delivered june 3 , become public after an audience member posts them onlin .
 gop leaders gather in arizona , ready to embrace romney <sec> republican national committee is meeting in arizona this week .  what looked like an anxious gathering now turning into a mitt romney pep rally .  romney will speak friday at a luncheon ; john mccain will be at summit , too .  republicans will also examine their primary rules that resulted in extended contes .
 saving kids , one hoop at a time <sec> isiah thomas : in chicago , kids want jobs , schools and safety , not lives of crime .  thomas : basketball gives kids an alternative to finding sense of safety and belonging in gangs .  sports break down barriers ; thomas ' life was set on the right track by basketball .  thomas and mayor emanuel want to expand a basketball league for at-risk kid .
 de blasio tops ny mayoral primary ; weiner distant fifth <sec> anthony weiner 's rollercoaster campaign comes to quiet end in primary loss .  bill de blasio seeks to avoid runoff for democratic nomination .  disgraced former gov . .  eliot spitzer also loses bid for new york city comptrolle .
 why u.s. intervenes in iraq but not syria ? <sec> islamic state cruelty has fumed in syria , too , along with government atrocities .  but complex entanglements would make it more difficult to act there than in iraq .  in syria , the government would fight against the u.s. ; in iraq they are partner .
 plus-size models give si 's swimsuit edition more curves <sec> sports illustrated 's swimsuit issue features a size 12 model .  robyn lawley is one of seven si rookies in the 2015 issue .  american women average a size 1 .
 state media : 1 killed in border shooting <sec> new : mexico : the violence sparks `` serious doubts about the use of lethal force '' .  notimex : a u.s. border patrol agent shoots and kills an adolescent .  border patrol : an agent opened fire in response to rock-throwing .  the fbi is investigatin .
 why does andy kaufman still fascinate ? <sec> internet buzzed this week after reports that andy kaufman might be alive .  kaufman 's brother ultimately said he felt he was victim of hoax .  people want to believe because `` it would be the longest joke ever told .
 robots succeed , cut well pipe ; oil gushes into gulf <sec> oil spill spreads to mississippi , alabama .  u.s. begins criminal investigation into oil spill .  spill makes a third of gulf off-limits to fishing .  bp puts cost of spill response at $ 1 billio .
 'gilligan 's island ' professor , actor russell johnson , dead at 89 <sec> johnson played the iconic role of professor roy hinkley on `` gilligan 's island '' .  johnson worked up until his death , signing autographs over holidays .  he was `` just a positive and nice guy , '' his agent says .  johnson , 89 , was an army air forces veteran of world war i .
 11 north koreans missing after cargo ship sinks <sec> 11 north koreans are missing after mongolian-flagged cargo ship sinks .  ship sank near coast of south korea .  three north korean sailors have been rescued , 2 bodies have been recovere .
 young girl found alive among bodies in france <sec> new : britain 's prime minister laments the `` terrible killings of ... the british family '' .  three of the four adults killed , one a cyclist , were shot in the head , a prosecutor says .  a girl suffered fractures to her skull and was shot in the shoulder , he adds .  a younger girl was found alive and unharmed in the car where three adults were kille .
 500,000 pack daytona beach for bike week <sec> bike week in daytona beach , florida , began friday and ends sunday .  bike week caters to a wide demographic of people .  bike week and biketoberfest generate $ 650 million , official say .
 more women harness power of fantasy <sec> women tend to fantasize about being the object of desire while in bed .  `` fifty shades of grey '' may have helped women discover the power of fantasy .  fantasizing can spur both sexual desire and arousal , research shows .  sharing fantasies with your partner means you feel confident in your relationshi .
 celebrations erupt in libya amid news of gadhafi 's death <sec> celebrations erupt in the libyan cites of tripoli and sirte .  drivers , ships sound their horns as celebratory gunshots are fired .  outside a hotel , staffers dance and wave libyan flag .
 pietersen puts england in charge as india 's bowlers toil <sec> kevin pietersen scores 202 not out as england declare at 474-8 against india .  tourists replay with 17-0 in their first innings on day two of opening match at lord 's .  pietersen had resumed on 22 overnight in the 2,000th test match in cricket history .  he survived early scare when umpire 's decision was overturned after he was caught ou .
 new england patriots added to wrongful death suit against aaron hernandez <sec> the new england patriots are being sued along with aaron hernandez .  the families of two slain men want to prevent payments to hernandez .  aaron hernandez has pleaded not guilty to three murder charge .
 the laws of sexual attraction <sec> sex therapist dr. laura berman : `` we are innately all puppies in heat '' .  says woman are attracted to men by their smell .  psychologist lisa debruine says men find ovulating women more attractive .  the higher a woman 's voice , the more attractive men find her , expert say .
 the buffett rule is going nowhere <sec> the buffett rule is designed to make sure those who make over $ 1 million pay more tax .  edward mccaffery : the idea has three fatal flaws .  he says that even if it 's enacted , it would n't really affect namesake warren buffett .  mccaffery : real reform can be achieved with a progressive consumption ta .
 thailand flooding : fear brings people together <sec> thailand 's monsoonal flooding is the worst in decades .  fears spread that bangkok will drown .  torrents of water gush through hard-hit auytthaya .  people help one another on streets where deadly clashes took place last yea .
 india , pakistan to begin new round of talks to build trust <sec> new : pakistani foreign minister arrives in india .  officials from two sides are set to meet in new delhi .  no breakthrough is expected .  india , pakistan are likely to agree to boost kashmiri trad .
 ex-citadel counselor worked with kids for a decade before scandal <sec> louis neal reville faces three counts of criminal sexual conduct with a minor .  he also faces three counts of lewd act on a minor .  reville had pursued career in child-related work .  he had worked as a camp counselor at the citade .
 dying careers and thriving careers : the jobs of tomorrow <sec> technological advances are changing the jobs market , says alan townsend .  postal service has been hit by new technologies and increased automation .  data and information management is a huge growth area , he says .  townsend says key to navigating the jobs market is to be versatile and adaptabl .
 fourth of july tv marathons : catch tnt 's 'dallas ' from the beginning ! <sec> the 4th of july offers lots of opportunity to watch tv .  several series will have holiday marathons .  there will also be two tribute marathons to andy griffit .
 10 things to know before visiting macau <sec> it 's the gambling capital of the world , but there are plenty of ways to spend your winnings or forget about your losings .  macanese cuisine combines chinese and portuguese styles .  macau is the world 's most densely populated place .  residents have one of the world 's highest life expectancy rate .
 secret service countersnipers hunt for real snipers <sec> countersniper teams to be out in force across washington for inauguration day .  `` they will be familiar with every potential threat , '' director says .  the secret service formed the elite unit in 1971 .  homeland security chief says agency is prepare .
 reality tv producer asks for bail while judge decides extradition <sec> new : a bail hearing is set for november 29 for briuce beresford-redman .  new : his lawyer says the extradition process could take a year .  new : `` there is no happy ending here , '' victim 's sister says .  bruce beresford-redman allegedly asphyxiated his wife at a cancun resor .
 the word obama wo n't dare say <sec> lz granderson : president obama proposes jobs bill but avoids word `` stimulus '' .  republicans are attacking it as another stimulus , granderson says .  obama might as well call it what it is -- and defend it , he says .  granderson : republicans are wrong ; the stimulus averted a depressio .
 fbi on guard against terrorist cyber attacks <sec> fbi director : terror groups are becoming more `` cyber savvy '' .  the bureau is working to stay ahead of the threats , he says .  robert mueller met with senators behind closed doors to provide more detail .
 australian cricketer phil hughes dies <sec> south australia batsman was fatally injured when hit by a `` bouncer '' .  25 year old had been in a coma since being operated on earlier this week .  ball somehow evaded the cricketer 's helmet as he swiveled to play a shot .  australian prime minister 's office : his death is a very sad day for cricke .
 bin laden 's son to father : change your ways <sec> bin laden 's son , omar , says his father should change his ways .  omar bin laden split with his father in 2000 ; says he has n't heard from him since .  omar bin laden says he does n't believe his dad is a terrorist .  `` i do n't think 9/11 was right personally , '' the son sai .
 hybrids trick out , plug in <sec> san francisco garage converts hybrid vehicles to plug-in electric power .  for $ 7,500 , luscious garage converts prius , mariner , escape models .  how will battery-powered vehicles change the nation 's fuel infrastructure ? .  electric cars do n't pollute , but much u.s. electricity comes from fossil fuel .
 paula deen , change your diet <sec> andrew weil : paula deen has type 2 diabetes , says it wo n't change way she cooks .  instead she is a paid spokeswoman for a diabetes medication ; a shame , he says .  he says the food she makes can be made in more healthful way ; she should set example .  weil : she and food network have responsibility to promote healthy eating , prevent diabete .
 fbi concerned about apple , google encryption <sec> apple and google announce encryption programs designed to protect customers ' privacy .  fbi director worries this will `` allow people to place themselves above the law '' .  privacy issues have been at the forefront since the edward snowden leak .
 airman deployed to haiti , died in quake <sec> air force lt. col. ken bourland was among those killed in january 's haiti earthquake . .  bourland died inside the quake-ravaged hotel montana .  bourland 's wife went to haiti to stand near where her husband was last seen alive .  peggy bourland says she 's `` unsure '' what the future hold .
 lawsuit alleges mansion hanging was murder , not suicide <sec> the san diego county medical examiner ruled rebecca zahau 's death a suicide .  zahau 's family did a private investigation after officials would n't press criminal charges .  lawsuit accuses boyfriend 's brother , ex-wife and ex-wife 's twin of plotting her death .  zahau died two days after her boyfriend 's son suffered a fatal fall in the same hom .
 new snowden leak : nsa program taps all you do online <sec> new leak says nsa program essentially makes all you do online trackable .  edward snowden provided training materials for xkeyscrore program .  program allegedly lets agents hunt database with no prior authorization .  nsa says there are checks and it 's only used lawfully for foreign intel target .
 n.j. to vote on bill to let illegal immigrants pay in-state tuition <sec> democratic backer : students `` should pay the same as their counterparts '' .  gop critic : bill discriminates against some u.s. citizens .  to qualify , immigrants must be enrolled , must apply for legal status or say they 'll do s .
 sleeping in caves : italy 's 'spiritual ' hermit hotels <sec> for centuries , matera , italy 's rock crypts and maze of grottoes have been home to `` troglodyte '' outcasts living in inhuman conditions .  now many of the caves have been converted into upscale `` spiritual hotels '' .  matera is a unesco world heritage site , and picked as the 2019 european capital of cultur .
 egypt 's military oks abdel-fattah el-sisi for presidential run <sec> new : military council says choice is el-sisi 's , but it highly encourages his candidacy .  field marshal abdel-fattah el-sisi is expected to announce soon whether he 'll run .  the army chief was defense minister when the military ousted president morsy last year .  candidates can officially declare themselves next mont .
 there 's nothing virtual about cyber attacks <sec> bob greene : six banks apparently were hacked recently , cutting customer access to money .  he says for many `` cyber '' is like `` virtual '' -- intangible , not real . .  more and more , that 's not true .  he says as aspects of our lives bound to digital world , we 're vulnerable to cybercrime .  greene : officials agree we 're inadequately protected , and cyberattacks are up . .  it 's rea .
 first gay premier takes helm in iceland <sec> new : johanna sigurdardottir sworn in sunday .  sigurdardottir was social affairs minister in outgoing cabinet .  predecessor haarde resigned after the collapse of iceland 's main banks .  she has been a member of iceland 's parliament for 30 year .
 crane continues to dangle over manhattan <sec> police have cordoned off the area around the base of the one57 building on west 57th street .  the arm is swaying atop the building , which remains under construction .  as gusts of up to 60 mph barreled through new york , the crane was damaged monda .
 william and kate to visit canada after wedding <sec> the trip is the first to be announced for after the couple marries in april .  they 'll travel across much of canada over the course of nine day .
 cuba 's long-delayed communist party congress set for april <sec> cuba 's last communist party congress was in 1997 .  the meetings are used to set policy .  the congress also will determine if fidel castro will stay on has head of the party .  he renounced all other government titles after stepping down in 200 .
 cheltenham gold cup : outsider lord windermere wins after inquiry <sec> jim culloty becomes fourth person to win cheltenham gold cup as jockey and trainer .  his outsider lord windermere , ridden by davy russell , triumphs after long inquiry .  stewards rule he did not cause sufficient interference to second-placed on his own .  meeting 's leading jockey ruby walsh earlier taken to hospital after a fal .
 in lebanon , protests erupt as prime minister is named <sec> the new premier says he is not hezbollah 's man and asks for time .  outgoing prime minister saad hariri calls for calm amid angry protests .  supporters of hariri 's accuse hezbollah of attempting a takeove .
 mother in 'kids for cash ' scandal says she got justice <sec> former juvenile judge mark ciavarella was sentenced to 28 years in prison .  sandy fonzo says her son killed himself after receiving an unjust sentence from ciavarella .  `` he was never the same , '' she says about her son after his detentio .
 opinion : sure , christie 's team did wrong , but jersey dems are as bad <sec> lisa camooso miller says democrats are playing politics with new jersey bridge scandal .  miller : leading democrats want to make christie 's downfall their legacy .  miller : christie deserves our thanks , not scor .
 scientists use dna to map where historical populations mixed <sec> genetic admixure : when people from different groups interbreed .  there have been many instances of this happening .  researchers used dna to track historical mixin .
