 israeli film turns focus on hamas leader 's murder <sec> new film focuses on unsolved murder of hamas leader in dubai hotel in 2010 .  police believe mahmoud al-mabhouh was killed by team of foreign agents .  dubai police said they were 100 % certain that the mossad was behind plot .  director of `` the javelin '' says he is trying to offer an alternative storylin .
 from star trek to siri : how the machine-reading revolution will dictate future <sec> ibm 's watson system defeated the human champion on `` jeopardy ! '' .  in february 2011 -- surprising the world .  but that feat was a precursor to what is being called a `` machine-reading revolution , '' which is underway now .  microsoft co-founder paul g. allen and entrepreneur oren etzioni reveal five ways it will change how you live .  they say it will impact on how we find a hotel , follow our favorite sports team and receive medical advic .
 americans airlifted from south sudan city racked by violence <sec> new : obama warns further u.s. action is possible .  `` u.s. citizens and citizens from our partner nations '' were flown out , official says .  u.n. says 62,000 people displaced by violence .  south sudan violence has spread from capital juba farther north in one wee .
 violence against sub-saharan africans reported in libya <sec> sudanese tell u.n. refugee agency of rape and forced removals .  the agency is `` alarmed '' by the accounts .  thousands of migrants remain at tunisian and egyptian borders .  the u.n. is able to truck emergency food into eastern liby .
 behind the scenes : internet police out in force for the olympics <sec> internet access remains erratic for journalists in beijing covering the olympics .  many sites about tibet and spiritual group falon gong are deemed `` subversive '' .  china promised no restrictions on journalists when it bid for the games .  documents show ioc agreements were based on china 's domestic law .
 coffee drinking linked to longer life <sec> daily cup may lower risk of dying from chronic diseases such as diabetes .  nih followed 400,000 men and women for 13 years , during which 13 % died .  in the study , both regular and decaf were associated with a lower risk of dyin .
 aaron hernandez taken to hospital <sec> aaron hernandez spent less than a half hour at a hospital in massachusetts .  federal privacy law does n't allow hospital to disclose why hernandez was there .  hernandez is in jail awaiting his first-degree murder charge .  he 's accused in the shooting deaths of three men in 2012 and 201 .
 cursing , beer and a popped chute as flight attendant quits <sec> new : nypd 's kelly : 'strange way to quit ' your job .  source : jet blue waits 25 minutes to report incident .  police arrest flight attendant at his home in queens .  flight attendant , passenger had words while plane was movin .
 justices : chemical weapons charges out of bounds in love-triangle case <sec> carol anne bond challenged her conviction on a federal chemical weapon charge .  she used poisons to try to get back at a woman who had an affair with her husband .  the case touches on the conflict between federal and state power .
 tensions remain , 20 years after gulf war <sec> iraq invaded kuwait in 1990 , and the u.s. led a counteroffensive in january 1991 .  baghdad continues to pay reparations to its neighbor .  iraq 's government spokesman says enough is enough .  about 1,000 people who disappeared have never been foun .
 iranian diplomat kidnapped in pakistan <sec> diplomat was kidnapped and his bodyguard killed in peshawar , northwest pakistan .  authorities believe he was kidnapped while traveling from his home to consulate .  on wednesday , gunmen shot and killed an american aid worker in peshawa .
 uconn skeptics can shut up now <sec> steve rushin says uconn had to defend title , winning streak and dominance in sport .  uconn thwarts critics ' complaints the team is just too good , rushin says .  women 's teams , unlike men 's , are required to carry flag for their entire gender , he says .  rushin : the uconn women are one of sports history 's most dominant team .
 the return of fall out boy <sec> fall out boy has been on hiatus since 2009 .  the group 's new album is called `` save rock and roll '' .  the band has a new song with rapper 2 chain .
 opinion : questions to ask for new year <sec> eric liu : i 've been working with creative thinkers who are mining the meaning of a good life .  liu : this new year 's , resolve to reflect on your life .  here are a list of questions to ask yourself , including who are your influences , aspirations .  liu : the questions were originally developed for young people , but they 're really for al .
 turkey shuts border to syria <sec> u.s. officials : fate of rebel commander salim idris is uncertain .  opposition spokesman calls the move `` a temporary measure '' .  aid consists of wood , medical items , non-military equipment like generators , he say .
 opposition : fierce fighting closes damascus airport for second day <sec> road to the airport opens , but the internet is still down , the opposition says .  rebels and syrian forces battle in oil-rich deir ezzor .  at least 106 people have been killed in fighting across syria on friday , opposition says .  rebels taking the airport would be 'psychological ' blow to the regim .
 can christianity survive in the middle east ? <sec> christianity has long roots in the middle east , starting with the birth of jesus .  expert : their numbers have fallen in recent decades and should continue to fall .  there are exceptions , like migrant workers flooding gulf states like saudi arabi .
 obama details conservation action plan <sec> president calls for creating a 21st-century conservation ethic .  the plan includes fully funding the land and water conservation fund .  a new conservation service corps would provide outdoor jobs for young peopl .
 # busted : ellen 's oscars selfie switcheroo <sec> ellen degeneres tweeted pics via phone from oscars sponsor samsung .  but backstage , degeneres was also tweeting from an iphon .
 cnn student news transcript : january 14 , 2010 <sec> learn about the devastation caused by a massive earthquake in haiti .  find out why google is pulling the plug on self-censorship in china .  understand how students can help their communities by getting diplomas .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 strike from syrian plane reported near border with turkey <sec> no casualties were reported after two bombs hit fields near the syrian village of atimah .  bombing sent hundreds of civilians running for safety in an area considered a haven .  nato team is expected to consider deployment of patriot anti-aircraft missiles at border .  tensions rose in the summer when syria brought down a turkish jet , killing two peopl .
 nypd boosts security for new year 's eve <sec> official : thousands of police will patrol times square on new year 's eve .  the event comes after two nypd officers were killed december 20 .  security for the huge party has been beefed up amid threat .
 cambodia orders probe into suspected hiv outbreak <sec> cambodia prime minister orders probe into mass hiv infection in a remote village .  health officials say 106 test hiv positive , with over 800 seeking to be tested .  villagers accuse an unlicensed doctor of using contaminated needles .  stay calm and do n't spread rumors , says health ministe .
 ronaldo out of portugal 's playoffs <sec> real madrid 's injured star forward cristiano ronaldo will not be fit for world cup playoffs .  the 24-year-old was named in portugal squad for matches against bosnia-herzegovina .  coach carlos queiroz selected him despite real 's objections due to his ankle problems .  real let ronaldo travel to portugal for tests , where it was confirmed that he could not pla .
 universal orlando roller coaster gets stuck high above park <sec> new : a park visitor says some stranded riders were `` sitting straight back '' .  hollywood rip ride rockit stops due to a technical glitch around 7 p.m. , spokesman says .  most riders are taken off , though the fire department is called in to get the remaining few .  the coaster is billed as orlando 's tallest , reaching 17 stories hig .
 attorney : sarkozy under formal investigation in campaign funding case <sec> nicolas sarkozy served as france 's president between 2007 and 2012 .  two months after he left that post , authorities raided his home and office .  an investigative judge has placed him under formal investigation for breach of trust , his attorney says .  sarkozy is accused of taking advantage of an elderly l'oreal heiress to fund a campaig .
 suspect in 'south park ' threats pleads guilty <sec> the former brooklyn resident , also known as younus abdullah mohammad , pleaded guilty .  the muslim convert faces a maximum of five years in jail for each of three charges .  morton is the co-founder of revolution muslim , a radical group based in new york city .  he threatened writers of `` south park '' over an episode depicting prophet mohammed in a bear sui .
 romney : president needs prayers of people of all faiths <sec> romney : freedom requires religion , just as religion requires freedom .  romney says he wo n't confuse religion and politics .  romney : 'my convictions will indeed inform my presidency ' .  speech is being compared to jfk 's 1960 speech about catholicism , politic .
 congressman proposes 2-year ban on bills about internet <sec> rep. darrell issa proposes halt to federal web regulations .  issa , a web-freedom advocate , posted draft of a bill online .  he was an outspoken critic of the stop online piracy ac .
 cnn student news - november 17 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 north korea : sanctions a declaration of war <sec> north korea says sanctions applied against it will be `` declaration of war '' .  pyongyang ready to `` mercilessly punish anyone '' who applies pressure .  u.n. has condemned north korean rocket launc .
 demjanjuk 'was victim , ' nazi atrocity trial told <sec> demjanjuk , a retired autoworker from ohio , denies any role in the holocaust .  he says he was a prisoner of war during conflict , not a camp guard .  demjanjuk , 89 , moved to germany after losing legal fight against deportatio .
 bowe bergdahl : strong , well-rounded and easy to talk to , friends say <sec> bowe bergdahl grew up in idaho , was home schooled .  he did n't like cars so he rode his bike a lot , even in poor weather .  former boat captain in alaska remembers him as good worker under tough conditions .  family issues statement calling for bergdahl to stay stron .
 syria 's war : cnn 's nick paton walsh reflects on front line reports <sec> cnn 's nick paton walsh reflects on his reporting from syria 's front line .  paton walsh won emmy for outstanding writing in reports from syria and afghanistan .  paton walsh on aleppo in 2012 : `` people did n't really know where the front lines were .
 tropical storm bertha soaks caribbean <sec> new : bertha still has 45 mph winds .  new : it is centered 60 miles from santo domingo , dominican republic .  new : storm left nearly 40,000 people without power in puerto rico .  storm is not expected to hit the continental u.s .
 is egypt headed for islamist rule ? <sec> isobel coleman says egyptian vote a roller coaster ; unclear how big a role islam will play .  military 's disqualifications of candidates raise question about election 's fairness , she says .  she says secularist amir moussa , a front-runner , faces challenge from islamist candidate .  coleman : votes for muslim brotherhood 's morsi could mean trouble for minorities , wome .
 coroner : ohio boys ' deaths a homicide-suicide <sec> two boys , ages 9 and 12 , were found shot dead in jackson , ohio , on wednesday .  the coroner says the incident was a homicide-suicide .  but it is not known whether the deaths were accidental or intentional .  boys lived with grandparents , were unsupervised when the shooting occurred , coroner say .
 mother of odin lloyd testifies in aaron hernandez trial <sec> mother of victim in aaron hernandez murder trial identifies photos of son .  ursula ward last saw son in 2013 : `` i just saw his beautiful pink gums smiling at me across the street '' .  former nfl star hernandez has pleaded not guilty in the death of odin lloy .
 cruise to trace titanic 's route on centennial of ship 's sinking <sec> the titanic memorial cruise is to set sail in april 2012 , 100 years after the sinking .  it will depart from southampton , england , on april 8 , just as the titanic did .  the trip will end in new york , where the titanic was heade .
 obama to make first visit to korean demilitarized zone <sec> new : u.s. fighter jet crashes in south korea ; pilot safely ejects .  president obama visits south korea next week for a nuclear security summit .  while there , he plans to make his first visit to the demilitarized zone .  north korea 's announcement of a satellite launch has increased tensions in the regio .
 'saturday night live ' best host poll : and the winner is ... <sec> ew.com hosts a best `` saturday night live '' host poll .  readers chose justin timberlake as the best host this year .  he beat out melissa mccarthy , who came in second plac .
 tiger seeks 'home ' success as he announces pga tour triple-header <sec> golf star tiger woods will play three pga tour events in the next month .  the former world no . .  1 will line up in arizona next week , where he has won three times .  woods will then make his debut at the honda classic in florida , near where he lives .  woods is set to play at the cadillac championship , where he is an eight-time champio .
 google : 'government surveillance is on the rise ' <sec> google 's transparency report shows increase in government requests for private data .  u.s. made 7,969 requests for users ' google data in the first six months of 2012 .  google pushing for an overhaul of the ecpa law which allows warrantless data request .
 obama , castro finally meet face-to-face - cnnpolitics.com <sec> u.s. president obama , cuban president raul castro meet in panama city .  the two nations -- only 90 miles apart -- have been at odds for more than 50 year .
 family watches 'miraculous survival ' of woman fighting flesh-eating bacteria <sec> the medication aimee copeland is given leads her to forget what has happened .  she may lose her fingers .  doctors have already amputated one of her legs and part of her abdomen .  her father promises they will one day celebrate her ability to breathe on her ow .
 guantanamo lawsuit : end forced feedings before ramadan <sec> lawyers for four detainees at guantanamo bay file a federal lawsuit .  they ask for a speedy hearing as islam 's fasting month of ramadan approaches .  they seek an end to the forced feedings of captives who are on hunger strike .
 top republicans slam u.s.-china climate deal - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sen. mitch mcconnell criticizes u.s.-china deal as more of obama 's `` ideological war on coal '' .  sen. jim inhofe says deal unfair and knocks chinese pledge as `` hollow and not believable '' .  under the agreement , the u.s. will cut its 2005 level of carbon emissions by 26-28 % by 2025 .  china vows to peak carbon emissions output , produce more energy from renewable sources by 203 .
 spain : footballers and agent held in cocaine bust <sec> two professional footballers and agent among 11 accused of drug smuggling .  spanish police accuse group of bringing in cocaine from argentina .  suspected leader of group was identified as zoran matijevic , a football agen .
 after three days , still no sign of missing fbi agent <sec> new : fbi , local police scale back mountain search for missing agent .  bloodhounds tracked stephen ivens in the area of the verdugo mountains .  ivens , 35 , may have been distraught and suicidal , an fbi spokeswoman says .  the fbi says the missing agent works on `` national security-type cases .
 ex-detroit mayor kilpatrick gets 28 years in prison <sec> judge : long prison sentence necessary `` to insulate the public from his behavior '' .  kilpatrick was found guilty of using bid rigging , extortion and nonprofit funds to enrich himself .  kilpatrick was detroit mayor from 2002 until he resigned in 2008 .  he apologized in court thursda .
 banksy confirms artwork is his , gives bristol boys ' club blessing to sell it <sec> the artwork was spray-painted on the wall of the club last month .  club leader says being given the banksy artwork is like winning the lottery .  the club will auction it to raise funds to help young people in the city of bristo .
 river crests , but north dakota flood fight far from over <sec> new : river levels at minot begin their slow retreat , a nws forecaster says .  `` it 's disheartening , '' says resident steve knab .  3,000 to 4,000 homes have been affected by floodwater in minot .  the souris river has topped its record crest from 188 .
 blog of suspected teen terrorist reveals path to isis <sec> an australian teen suspected of an isis suicide bombing left behind a purported blog .  it traces his path to radicalization , seeking to destroy the democratic west before finding islam .  police say he planned attacks in his hometown of melbourne before abandoning the plo .
 my encounter with anti-latino racism <sec> nick valencia says a woman yelled racist words at him at a concert in atlanta .  he 'd been speaking spanish to new acquaintances ; her treatment left him speechless .  growing anti-latino sentiment in u.s. is aimed at both immigrants and citizens , he says .  valencia : i 'm third-generation mexican-american ; human , like my new friends . .  and i 'm hom .
 why nigerians are no longer content with 'suffering and smiling ' <sec> tolu ogunlesi found 'god-ordained destiny ' mindset used to stop nigerians from uprising .  but to his surprise , recent protests against the fuel price hike proved something different .  the arab spring has inspired nigerians to express their opposition , said ogunlesi .  ogunlesi also pointed out that the internet is key in directing public opinion in nigeri .
 24 people killed during clashes in syria , rights group says <sec> new : president bashar al-assad has passed the `` point of no return , '' says an israeli minister .  24 people are killed during clashes in syria , a rights groups says .  the violence coincides with an arab league deadline .  international pressure has been mounting against al-assa .
 imprisoned 'dating game killer ' gets more time in '70s deaths of 2 women <sec> rodney alcala is already on california 's death row , convicted of killing 4 women and a girl .  he faces two new 25-years-to-life sentences in the '70s deaths of two women in new york .  weeping judge : `` this kind of case , i have never experienced , and i hope to never again '' .  in 1978 , alcala was a winning bachelor on the television show `` the dating game .
 android dominated smartphone sales in 2012 <sec> reports : android , apple make up vast majority of global smartphone sales .  samsung was the top phone maker in 2012 thanks to its popular galaxy devices .  new blackberry and windows phone 8 devices are just now winning over new user .
 news international whistleblower 's death 'non-suspicious , ' police say <sec> new : sean hoare 's death was declared `` non-suspicious '' after an autopsy .  hoare told the new york times the phone hacking included celebrities ' phones .  his death comes amid a widening scandal around rupert murdoch 's media empir .
 gadhafi military hurt , but prospect of stalemate looms , official says <sec> new : the opposition lacks a detailed plan , a senior u.s. official says .  a third of gadhafi 's armor has been destroyed , another senior u.s. official says .  but the u.s. assessment is that a stalemate is emerging .  `` neither side has the wherewithal to move , '' the official say .
 'angry ' manchester united fan kills four in bus attack , police say <sec> man drives minibus into a crowd celebrating barcelona 's champions league win .  the manchester united supporter was angry after his team 's defeat in final .  nigerian police confirm that 10 people were also injured in the attack .  man was arrested after incident that took place in the town of ogb .
 can a genetic test predict parkinson 's , als ? <sec> this new method of genetic testing can help determine who 'll get als , parkinson 's and one day may lead to tests that can predict other disease .
 dirty money ? check your wallet <sec> almost 60 % of europeans believe cash is the dirtiest item they touch .  an oxford university study found an average of 26,000 bacteria on bank notes .  last year , employees of a u.s. store were hospitalized after handling methamphetamine tainted cash .  health officials advise basic hygiene - wash hands and avoid eye , nose and mouth contact after touching cas .
 book it : l.a. style for less <sec> artistically inclined custom hotel guests can borrow art supplies .  bungalows and villas at the los feliz lodge have stocked kitchens .  hollywood heights hotel is within three blocks of the walk of fam .
