 trees provide 'free subsidy ' for nature , study finds <sec> nearly 5 billion tonnes of carbon absorbed by undisturbed tropical forests .  study found that trees in forests are getting bigger .  new carbon sink discovered in africa that mops up 1.2 billion tons of co2 .  ipcc says each year humans emit 32 billions tons of co .
 durban : the coolest city in s. africa you 've never seen <sec> durban 's beachfront was completely redeveloped for the 2010 world cup and features a new boardwalk .  the sharks board offers ridealongs on net fixing trips and also lays on public shark dissections .  the oyster box is one of the best places in the city for sundowner .
 cnn student news - september 9 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 crown jewels sparkle in major new exhibition for diamond jubilee <sec> britain 's crown jewels contain some of the most famous precious stones in the world .  the collection has been worn by members of the british monarchy for generations .  jewels kept in tower of london , watched over by yeomen warders , or `` beefeaters '' .  new-look exhibition unveiled just in time for queen elizabeth ii 's diamond jubile .
 ohio man convicted for three murders in craigslist job ad killings <sec> richard beasley is found guilty on 26 charges .  he could face the death penalty , cnn affiliate reports .  he was convicted of killing three men who answered an online a .
 nintendo 's new 3ds : gaming is just the beginning <sec> nintendo 3ds may be the greatest hoax ever perpetrated , says steinberg .  steinberg : nintendo wo n't say directly , but system is portal for loads of 3-d multimedia .  the system will play 3-d versions of premium game franchises like `` street fighter .
 oscar pistorius charged with murder in steenkamp death <sec> oscar pistorius is indicted in a valentine 's day shooting death .  monday would have been the 30th birthday of reeva steenkamp , his dead girlfriend .  pistorius says he mistook her for a home invader when he shot her in february .  the olympic sprinter 's trial will begin in march 2014 , a prosecutor say .
 if we betray afghan women , the taliban win <sec> daisy khan : a key measure of u.s. success in afghanistan will be extent of women 's rights .  khan : if girls ca n't go to school , women ca n't reach goals , nothing will have changed .  women must be in talks to fight forcefully for rights , she says , especially for schooling .  khan : women must vote , go to school , and imams must promote women 's right .
 alleged taliban charged in u.s. court for afghan attack <sec> a federal grand jury indicted irek ilgiz hamidullin for 2009 attack on an afghan base .  hamidullin is a russian citizen who allegedly fought for the taliban and haqqani network .  he faces 12 charges , including terror support and attempted murder of a u.s. citizen .  `` this is very unusual , '' a legal expert says of the cas .
 tokyo sees high quake probability , scientists warn <sec> forty-two million people live in tokyo metropolitan area .  institute : tokyo faces 70 % probability of m-7 quake within four years , 98 % chance within 30 years .  government puts 70 % probability of magnitude-7 quake in region within 30 years .  march 11 quake and tsunami left more than 15,700 dead , government say .
 world 's most visited palaces and castles <sec> each day , tens of thousands of visitors pour through beijing 's forbidden city to see the 178-acre walled compound .  the largest and most famous museum in the world got its start as a palace . .  hint : it 's in pari .
 cnn exclusive : one conservative 's dramatic reversal on gay marriage <sec> ohio conservative sen . .  rob portman is changing his stance on gay marriage .  a driving force in his decision was his son , who revealed to him that he is gay .  the republican senator has voted against same-sex marriage many time .
 singer gloria estefan sings beloved american 'standards ' <sec> gloria estefan 's new album `` the standards '' was released september 10 .  estefan shares why she wanted to do an album of classic american songs .  the singer reveals what she learned after a life-threatening acciden .
 opinion : 'duck dynasty ' network 's hypocrisy <sec> ruben navarrette : phil robertson 's role in future `` duck dynasty '' shows unclear .  he says the network that airs the show is continuing to profit from it .  new episodes are to be aired in january , and there 's a holiday marathon .  navarrette : network gains from the robertson persona , which it helped creat .
 grinding it out : the uphill battle for american rugby <sec> behind the scenes , rugby serves an american passion for a worldwide sport .  rugby teams face challenges , from finding a field to funding .  rugby players connect with the game and each other through powerful camaraderi .
 cnn student news - october 7 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 first medical tourism awards tout top treatment trips <sec> worldwide medical tourism industry said to be growing by up to 25 % each year .  the international medical travel journal has staged its first annual award ceremony recognizing best treatment centers .  malaysian facilities scooped three awards , winning in hospital , dental and fertility clinic categorie .
 france 's oil refineries reopen after strikes <sec> new : all of france 's 12 oil refineries have reopened after several strikes ended friday .  new : a total spokesman says it will take a week for facilities to produce oil again .  production had been halted at the refineries during protests over national pension refor .
 ntsb : inhofe 's son reported engine out before plane crash <sec> perry inhofe radioed that one of his engines was out , plane had control problems .  the twin-engine aircraft went down north of the tulsa international airport .  inhofe , an orthopedic surgeon , was the son of sen. james inhof .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> sheikh ahmed bin saeed al-maktoum , chairman of emirates airlines .  al-maktoum , who is at the heart of dubai 's aviation industry , on the economic downturn .  plus , the huge investment potential in northern iraq , despite the risk .
 officer killed , police chief injured in oregon bank explosion <sec> new : officer died after bomb detonates in oregon bank .  new : police chief , bomb technician also injured in explosion .  police originally called to investigate suspicious package at bank .  earlier , police checked a bomb threat called into nearby ban .
 justice department : six guantanamo detainees arrive in palau <sec> the uyghurs -- muslims from southern china -- went to south pacific island nation saturday .  7 uyghurs still at guantanamo bay ; u.s. wo n't send them back to china , citing torture concerns .  the 13 uyghurs were accused of receiving weapons and military training in afghanistan .  china says returning uyghurs wo n't be mistreated , warns other countries not to take the .
 strauss-kahn accuser slaps ny post with libel lawsuit <sec> the accuser has filed a libel lawsuit against the new york post and 5 of its reporters .  the newspaper reported that the woman was a prostitute .  a spokeswoman for the new york post said `` we stand by our reporting .
 sutter : the pangolin trade must stop now ( opinion ) <sec> iucn says all eight species of pangolin are threatened by illegal trade .  the scale-covered mammals are traded for their scales and meat .  john sutter reported on the pangolin trade in southeast asia earlier this year .  sutter : the pangolin 's survival may rest on it being seen as `` sassy and cool .
 clinton : kyrgyzstan base closure decision 'regrettable ' <sec> new : russia says it will help transport u.s. nonmilitary cargo to afghanistan .  united states uses kyrgyz base as a route for troops and supplies in afghanistan .  kyrgyz president says procedures had been initiated to close base .  move follows news of a multimillion-dollar aid package from russi .
 mount everest climbers ' thoughts on their sherpas , not on the mountain <sec> new : six companies have canceled planned expeditions for 2014 .  the ice came crashing down in a flash , american climber says .  his sherpa guide shoved him behind an ice block but did not duck himself .  selfless sherpas spent hours taking down bodies on helicopters and cable .
 stacey dash 's remarks hurt gop with blacks ( opinion ) <sec> black republican stacey dash , an actress , called louisiana blacks freeloaders .  dash said blacks are `` uneducated , '' `` feel worthless '' under president obama .  conservative crystal wright says that 's no way to get blacks to join the gop .  wright says republicans , including black republicans , need to stop racist comment .
 recession leaves bitter taste for italian coffee makers <sec> in 2012 , consumers in italy , europe 's second biggest importer of coffee , drank 5.6kg per person .  italians are choosing to buy their coffee on the shelves rather than ordering cappuccinos in the local cafes .  galindo believes the single-serve devices may change consumption patterns in europ .
 house passes act to make pay-discrimination suits easier <sec> president obama has promised to sign lilly ledbetter fair pay act .  act would alter time limit for pay-discrimination suits , makes them easier to file .  limit would be based on date of most recent unfair paycheck , not the first .  act named for woman whose discrimination victory was overturned in 200 .
 should i vaccinate my baby ? <sec> parents have concerns about possible vaccine and autism link .  doctors from centers for disease control say vaccine schedule is flexible .  sears schedule recommends spreading vaccines out over time .  looking at family history can give clues as to whether your child is at ris .
 dust exposure after 9/11 linked to high asthma rates <sec> health survey looked at 46,000 adults five to six years after 9/11 attacks .  adults who were expose to intense dust clouds developed asthma at higher rates .  23 million americans have asthma , which causes airway swelling and inflammatio .
 louisiana residents rush to protect homes , escape from looming floods <sec> new : a parish official orders evacuation , cites `` the fear of the unknown '' .  new : a mississippi levee engineer says the next few days will be `` stressful '' .  the army corps of engineers plans to open one-fourth of the morganza spillway 's floodgate .
 san francisco edges out silicon valley <sec> some of the world 's biggest tech firms are moving into san francisco .  14 different companies signed leases for more than 97,000 square feet worth of space and property in 2014 .  real estate firms say san francisco has more to offer the employees of tech firm .
 who is va nominee bob mcdonald ? <sec> president obama is expected to nominate bob mcdonald to head the va .  he led procter & gamble during the great recession .  he was forced out of his job after four years but received high marks from some .  he has donated exclusively to republican candidate .
 judge awards $ 17.8 million to family of military jet crash victims <sec> don yoon lost his wife , two infant daughters and mother-in-law in the crash .  the family had sought $ 56 million from the federal government .  the jet crash happened in december 200 .
 france deports 2 islamic radicals , will expel 3 more <sec> an islamic militant and imam are sent back to their home countries .  deportation proceedings have started or will be launched against three others .  president sarkozy said last week a crackdown on islamic militants had started .  the crackdown follows the killing of seven people by a suspected islamic militan .
 special effects pioneer ray harryhausen dies at 92 <sec> ray harryhausen was master of stop-motion animation .  harryhausen influenced many moviemakers , including george lucas and peter jackson .  his combination of animation and live action often highlight of movies .  movies included `` one million years b.c . '' .  and 1981 version of `` clash of the titans .
 australian olympic swimmers in hot water after gun photo <sec> two australian olympic swimmers ordered to take down controversial gun photo from facebook .  photo shows nick d'arcy and kenrick monk each holding two guns in a u.s. gun shop .  swimming australia said it does not condone the posting of inappropriate photos onlin .
 thousands flee as pakistan attacks militants <sec> civilians flee north waziristan as planes strike militants .  60,000 flee , reports a u.n.-supported news agency .  the government says schools will available to shelter civilians .  seven people killed when gunmen opened fir .
 bruce springsteen honored by musicares in star-studded ceremony <sec> bruce springsteen was named musicares ' person of the year .  all-star concert and fundraiser benefits the recording academy 's philanthropic arm .  the boss ups ante , offers guitar lesson , motorcycle ride and his mom 's lasagna .  among tribute-makers : neil young , elton john , sting , patti smith , john legen .
 police are back at hernandez home <sec> authorities back at aaron hernandez home .  police seek another person in connection with slaying .  source : police have found car linked to 2012 killings and believe hernandez was renting it .  bail is denied again for hernandez , who faces a first-degree murder charg .
 6.4-magnitude quake hits southern taiwan <sec> 6.4 quake rocks southern taiwan at about 0120 gmt .  aftershocks follow ; no immediate reports of deaths .  quake hits northwest of taitung , on the southeast coast .  residents in southern taiwan report blackouts ; train services disrupte .
 strong earthquake rattles japan <sec> three people dead , at least 84 injured after earthquake hits japan .  u.s. geological survey reports 7.0 magnitude quake on japanese island of honshu .  quake struck at around 8:43 a.m. saturda .
 boehner : house gop immigration lawsuit 'an important step ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> house speaker john boehner confirmed the gop lawsuit against obama 's immigration actions .  boehner also defended his decision to invite israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu to speak in march .  he said he plans to remain as speaker : `` i 'll be here for a while . .
 buffalo braces for 'toxic brew ' of flooding as 7 feet of snow start to melt <sec> the buffalo area braces for flooding and brutal winds that could knock down power lines .  be ready to evacuate , gov . .  andrew cuomo tells people at risk for flooding .  `` it 's not water , '' cuomo says . .  `` it 's a toxic brew . .  it has sewage in it ; it has runoff in it . '' .  strangers are coming to help clear some of the mammoth snowfal .
 opinion : the minister and putin : good cop , bad cop <sec> alexander motyl : putin belligerent about ukraine as his minister signs accord .  motyl : despite putin hard line , geneva statement is a major step down by russia .  accord says illegal armed groups must be disarmed ; illegally seized buildings returned .  motyl : it seems that if you talk tough and act tough , putin may just possibly liste .
 michelle obama 's urban chic heads to d.c . <sec> fashion watchers : michelle obama makes strong fashion statement .  some clothes are j . .  crew , h & m , white house/black market or target .  one of her favorite designers is maria pinto of chicag .
 3 teens charged in massachusetts bullying case plead not guilty <sec> sean mulveyhill , kayla narey and austin renaud enter pleas through their lawyers .  phoebe prince 's body was found hanging the stairway leading to her family 's apartment .  schools superintendent defends administrators ' handling of the matter .  superintendent gus sayer : `` she did n't reveal to people what she was being subjected to .
 fumes provide scare in argentine capital <sec> a container fire releases fumes originally feared to be toxic .  officials say the fumes posed little risk to the population .  the incident causes some disruptions in buenos aire .
 college student missing near syracuse , new york <sec> new : authorities looking at cell phone records .  simultaneous prayer vigils are held .  college student disappears while on thanksgiving break .  searchers are looking for jenni-lyn watson near syracuse , new yor .
 what google 's +1 means for facebook <sec> google 's +1 buttons will be in google search ; clicking them will require a google profile .  google commands 12.6 % of the annual $ 10.1 billion in u.s. online ad spending .  if google get more people to create profiles , it could increase the accuracy of its targetin .
 benetton boss : germany needs europe <sec> the head of benetton says europe 's southern economies should not be discounted .  alessandro benetton says germany needs europe just as much as europe needs germany .  he thinks southern countries should be encouraged to behave bette .
 karzai reflects on relationship with united states <sec> afghan president says airstrikes have strained dealings with washington .  latest incident is said to have killed 100 civilians wednesday .  karzai critical of how aid money is distributed to his nation .  he emphasizes importance of `` peace process '' with taliba .
 a good deal for the military and young illegal immigrants <sec> margaret stock : armed forces expect to face another recruiting crisis as economy recovers .  dream act could help both undocumented young people and the military , she says .  stock : those brought to u.s. as kids could serve in u.s. military in a path to citizenship .  this allows high-achieving young people to enlist rather than be deported , she write .
 as genocide raged , general 's pleas for help ignored <sec> in 1994 , romeo dallaire was leading a u.n. peacekeeping force in rwanda .  the canadian lieutenant general warned his bosses that a slaughter was imminent .  instead of sending reinforcements , the u.n. eventually ordered dallaire to withdraw .  he refused what he calls an `` immoral '' order and ultimately left africa a broken ma .
 body might be that of last washington landslide victim <sec> it 's been four months since a rain-saturated hillside in washington state gave way .  search crews have been digging through deep mud and debris .  forthy-three people are believed to have been killed in the march slid .
 flow of illegal immigrants slows , pew center finds <sec> illegals still arriving , but at lower rate , pew hispanic center study says .  u.s. economy 's ills , stricter immigration enforcement thought responsible .  30 percent of immigrant population is undocumented , researchers report .  economic downturn hits non-citizen immigrants harder , separate study say .
 scientific studies : more babies are being breast-fed <sec> cdc says that 79 % of u.s. babies born in 2011 were breast-fed .  extreme weather kills 2,000 americans each year , cdc report says .  when switching tasks , brains of children with autism show less connectivity , study say .
 'i watched a man be executed ' : football heals liberia 's war scars <sec> laces helps poor children in liberia to change their lives through football .  the organization promotes positive role models and aims to fight corruption .  its feeding program assures a free meal for every child after a game .  the scheme helps children and their coaches to overcome the trauma of civil wa .
 'rhoa ' husband apollo nida shows up for prison <sec> new : apollo nida posted a video just before walking into prison early thursday .  there was `` an incident '' with nida at his atlanta home , his wife 's publicist says .  nida was ordered to report to a federal prison in kentucky on wednesday .  his fraud scheme stole millions from at least 50 people over four years , a prosecutor say .
 legal fight brews over 'farrah 's story ' <sec> documentary `` farrah 's story '' is a `` gonzo trip , '' ryan o'neal says .  producer claims he was robbed of creative control .  craig nevius : `` i have been banned from talking to or seeing farrah '' .  o'neal spokesman : `` we hope and we pray '' fawcett does not learn about lawsui .
 ryanair 's 5 'cheapest ' money-saving schemes <sec> ireland 's budget airline has made a profitable habit out of incensing passengers .  carrier says it will remove some lavatories from its planes to make room for extra seats .  ryanair has not announced a date to implement the plan .  previous announcements : charging for lavatory use , standing-room-only optio .
 there 's proof : sunscreen reduces skin aging <sec> photoaging is skin wrinkling , spotting and loss of elasticity caused by sun damage .  regular sunscreen use protects against photoaging , researchers find .  it 's the first study to quantify sunscreen 's anti-aging propertie .
 saudi arabia says farewell to king abdullah <sec> king abdullah has been buried in riyadh .  the kingdom quickly appointed his brother salman to the throne .  new king speaks of need for unity , solidarity among followers of isla .
