 kevin costner wins suit filed by stephen baldwin over oil cleanup machines <sec> baldwin and a businessman sued , alleging costner had fooled them into selling stock .  baldwin 's attorney , james cobb , said he was disappointed with the decision .  `` they were really smart , '' costner said of jurors , `` ... they saw the truth of the story '' .  the oil separation technology was developed in the 1990s by a company created by costne .
 review : kindle paperwhite is king of the e-readers <sec> review : kindle paperwhite keeps amazon at top of the pile for e-readers .  there 's a little light bleeding at screen bottom , but overall feel makes up for it .  paperwhite uses only touchscreen with no physical buttons .  e-reader is $ 120 with ads or $ 140 withou .
 here comes the new king ( er , prince ? ) of twitter <sec> as of friday afternoon gaga had 46,000 more followers than bieber .  according to twitter counter , bieber will pass gaga on sunday around 4:30 p.m . .  et .  lady gaga dethroned britney spears in 2010 -- back when 5 million followers was a big dea .
 mapping the masters at augusta national <sec> augusta national hosts the 78th masters tournament starting on april 10 .  australia 's adam scott is defending champion following dramatic play-off win in 2013 .  course is one of the most picturesque and challenging 18 holes in the worl .
 christmas by the numbers <sec> holiday sales are expected to be up 4.1 % over last year .  62 % of americans attend a religious service on christmas or christmas eve .  the availability of frankincense is expected to decline by 90 % in the next 50 year .
 drug kingpin coke pleads guilty to racketeering , assault <sec> christopher coke pleas guilty to two charges in racketeering and assault .  he faces a maximum of 23 years in prison ; sentencing is set for december 8 .  76 people died in a gun battle during a failed attempt to arrest coke in may 201 .
 'slow avalanche ' gobbles road , homes in san diego <sec> san diego mayor declares state of emergency ; white house , governor offer aid .  officials were investigating the shifting earth in the area for weeks .  residents can return to 75 of the 111 evacuated homes thursday , mayor says .  `` we watched the trees snapping and cracking , '' says one evacuated residen .
 'romney ' and 'obama ' take 12,000 ft. leap from airplane <sec> two high-flying acrobats jump in romney and obama masks .  they 're out to promote a parachute competition .  the u.s. parachute association 's national skydiving championships start oct. 2 .
 conan and etsy.com popular with artists <sec> conan o'brien , etsy.com part of hottest trends in crafting right now .  in 2010 , the u.s. craft and hobby industry was at $ 29.2 billion .  56 % of u.s. households craft at least once a yea .
 google+ rolls out new look <sec> google says it will introduce a variety of new features to its social network in the next few days .  google plus boasts more than 170 million users since its june 2011 launch .  a dedicated hangouts page has also been added to the site so people can have quick acces .
 mother 's day poems : a guide <sec> poets have long written about their mothers or to their mothers .  robert louis stevenson : poem tells mother to hear `` the little feet along the floor '' .  julia kasdorf 's poem tells how her mother taught her to comfort those in mourning .  rudyard kipling 's poem said his mother would love him even if he were hange .
 f1 drivers ' hearts beat 190 times a minute in races <sec> formula one drivers ' hearts beat up to 190 times a minute during races .  heart rate is above most other athletes , making aerobic fitness very important .  drivers have to deal with forces of up to 5gs during race .
 forget an essay -- earn a scholarship with a tweet <sec> kfc offers a $ 20,000 scholarship for the student who tweets the best picture .  in a sign of the times , tweets have replaced essays for some scholarship contests .  university of iowa gave $ 38,000 scholarship for best tweet from prospective mba studen .
 world bank downgrades china 's growth forecast <sec> world bank cuts china 's economic growth forecast in 2009 to 6.5 percent .  reduction is down a full percentage point from november 's projection .  last week , chinese premier projected nation 's economy would grow by 8 % in 2009 .  china has seen a sharp decline in demand for its exports since novembe .
 birdwatchers twitching with excitement over new species <sec> birdwatchers discover previously unknown species of bird in cambodia .  the cambodian tailorbird was photographed near a construction site in phnom penh .  the rare find indicates there may be more species yet to be discovered in the region .  until now , 50 years of human conflict had made parts of indochina off-limits to bird watcher .
 government appeals court ruling blocking stem-cell research funding <sec> new : `` embryonic stem cell research is a top priority , '' white house says .  the appeal warns delays will hurt people waiting for cures .  the obama administration had pledged to appeal an august 23 ruling .  that decision found that destroying human embryos violated federal la .
 blatter : i knew about 'illegal ' payments <sec> fifa president blatter admits he knew about payments to former fifa officials .  blatter says he did n't think there was an offense at the time .  fifa has set up an ethics committee since the revelations emerged .  the swiss court is investigating fifa for `` disloyal management .
 justices at odds over patents for human genes <sec> oral arguments held on case involving nine patents held by biotech firm .  myriad genetics isolated two types of material linked to hereditary risk for two cancers .  conventional patents are held as the exclusive intellectual property of the inventor .  question is whether products of nature should be treated similarly under the la .
 u.n. investigators back in syria to probe more chemical weapons claims <sec> three premises have been agreed upon for a security council resolution , source says .  the team will try to determine if a chemical weapons attack took place in khan al-asal .  syria says 25 people were killed there in march .  the u.n. has already confirmed a chemical weapons attack near damascu .
 orlando not spared by economic slump <sec> resort mecca orlando , florida , feels the pinch of economic slowdown .  disney world reports it will have to lay off employees .  consignment store bucks trend ; business good there .  city officials say upcoming medical development will add 10,000 job .
 review : android takes big leap with galaxy nexus <sec> the galaxy nexus was born from a collaboration between google and samsung .  it 's the first phone with the latest version of android , called ice cream sandwich .  the u.s. version for verizon wireless does not work with google walle .
 at least 40 dead after boat sinks off tripoli <sec> a boat sank off the coast of tripoli sunday killing at least 40 people .  50 others were rescued and an unspecified number remains missing .  the boat was carrying illegal migrants trying to reach europe .  libya has asked europe for help dealing with the `` serious problem '' of illegal migratio .
 tea party promises wo n't last <sec> julian zelizer says anti-d.c. candidates promise to change the ways of the capital .  he says president obama did n't deliver the political reform he promised .  republicans elected in 1994 also abandoned anti-washington promises , he says .  zelizer : getting things done in washington requires compromis .
 farc rebels blamed for deadly bogota bombing <sec> explosion in upscale bogota neighborhood kills two people and wounds 20 .  colombian president alvaro uribe condemns farc rebel group for blast .  eleven pounds of explosives reportedly used in front of blockbuster video stor .
 former suspect in natalee holloway case wanted in peruvian murder case <sec> new : chilean authorities on manhunt for joran van der sloot .  joran van der sloot suspected in peruvian killing .  stephany flores ramirez , 21 , found dead in hotel room .  van der sloot was suspect in natalee holloway cas .
 schwartzel shoots sizzling 61 to share joburg open lead <sec> defending champion charl schwartzel in a three-way tie for the lead at joburg open .  he shoots 10-under 61 to be level with compatriot garth mulroy and england 's jamie elson .  they are chased by fellow south africans james kingston , thomas aiken and tyrone mordt .  the u.s. pga tour event in hawaii is also affected by bad weathe .
 rising river forces mexico-texas bridge closings <sec> international bridge i and colombia bridge connect u.s. , mexican cities .  both will be closed because of high levels in rio grande .  they are two of four bridges connecting laredo with nuevo laredo .  the rio grande is expected to crest at nearly 39 feet thursda .
 why did n't flight 370 's emergency beacon work ? lack of signal buoys hope <sec> malaysia airlines flight 370 had four beacons , or emergency locator transmitters .  one was designed to activate on impact , but satellites did not receive a distress signal .  the lack of a distress signal boosts hopes of passengers ' familie .
 report : outkast to reunite at coachella 2014 ? <sec> reports suggest that outkast will end their hiatus next year .  sources told billboard that coachella will be the start of several reunion appearances .  reps for outkast did not immediately respond to rolling stone for commen .
 philippines lifts martial law , ordered after massacre <sec> reports : order lifting martial law was due to be effective at 9 p.m. ( 8 a.m . .  et ) saturday .  authorities have said the november 23 massacre in maguindanao province was a politically motivated .  at least six members of politically-powerful ampatuan family in the area were arrested .  maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly muslim mindana .
 drone is obama 's weapon of choice <sec> peter bergen : obama 's drone campaign shifts to taliban militants , not al qaeda leaders .  bergen : obama has stepped-up drone attacks as a key part of national security policy .  drone strikes deeply resented in pakistan , he says , but campaign there is waning .  yemen in the sights now , he says , as obama ahead of romney on national securit .
 school boy 's wildlife-tracking website helps tourists spot big beasts <sec> nadav ossendryver , 16 , has created wildlife-tracking website latest sightings .  it uses crowdsourcing to gather information about animals in kruger national park .  the website has grown to have over 33,000 members , says nadav .  latest sightings does not display any rhino sighting .
 relatives plead for safe return of virginia girl , 12 <sec> new : relatives plead for girl to come home .  police release photos of a blue tent , tattoos .  a felony abduction warrant is issued for jeffrey scott easley .  the death of the girl 's mother is considered a homicid .
 huckabee promises 'very important announcement ' on show - cnnpolitics.com <sec> mike huckabee told his tv viewers and emailed his supporters that he was ending his show and considering a 2016 bid .  huckabee said his presidential consideration put fox news in a tough position so he decided to halt his program .  fox news confirmed the announcement saturday that this evening 's show will be huckabee 's las .
 wozniacki , zvonareva through to new york semis <sec> top seed caroline wozniacki progressed to the semifinal of the u.s. open with 6-2 7-5 win over dominika cibulkova .  last year 's runner up in new york needs to win title to reclaim world number one sport .  dane will play vera zvonareva of russia who beat estonia 's kaia kanepi in straight sets .  kim clijsters and venus williams will meet in the other semifina .
 congress , give doolittle raiders their medal <sec> bob greene : the four remaining doolittle raiders are planning a final reunion on saturday .  now in their 90s , the famed wwii bomber pilots will crack a bottle of fine cognac for a toast .  for their perilous tokyo mission , they deserve congressional gold medal , he says .  greene : frank sinatra got one , why not them ? .  congress , can you at least do this right .
 federer overcomes del potro in cincinnati <sec> roger federer has beaten juan martin del potro at the western and southern open .  wimbledon semifinalist jo-wilfried tsonga defeated croat marin cilic .  there were also wins for nicolas almagro and viktor troick .
 new fire at kenya airport after large parts destroyed in massive blaze <sec> the fire appears to restart early thursday in the arrivals area .  a cnn correspondent sees smoke and a small fire that seems to be growing .  wednesday 's fire at nairobi 's airport destroyed large parts of the international terminal .  no casualties have been reporte .
 wh : civilians standards do n't apply to isis mission <sec> white house says new rules to reduce civilian deaths from drone strikes do n't apply to isis battle .  officials say u.s. is taking steps to prevent civilian casualties in iraq and syria .  obama has said that civilian deaths are a part of every wa .
 opinion : bias vs bigot : cuban is no sterling <sec> michaela angela davis calls cuban 's comments clumsy , but tepid next to sterling 's .  cuban , she said , acknowledged inherent prejudices while sterling denies them .  sterling 's character was formed in an america battling the birth of the civil rights era , she says .  davis : it pays for sterling to be racist , so it would be better for him just to own up to i .
 can you pray away gay ? <sec> one writer recalls his childhood experience praying he was n't gay .  his parents struggled to understand and accept his sexuality .  gallup : more than 50 percent of americans now accept gay relationships .  study says 78 percent of americans now believe gays should be allowed to serve in the militar .
 the race is on for flying car start ups <sec> the technology to give us the world 's first affordable and easily pilotable flying car is almost here .  start-ups are already moving their prototypes forward but which will be the template for the future is up for grabs .  krossblade aerospace is developing a vertical take-off and landing flying car it says will carry five passengers .  aeromobil from slovakia has already produced a working prototype that was unveiled in vienna last mont .
 rally urges change in israeli leadership <sec> group one million hands sponsors event in tel aviv .  they want to see a new prime minister .  israeli elections come march 1 .
 ebay removes purported holocaust memorabilia from site , apologizes <sec> world jewish congress ceo : `` it is outrageous , disgusting and disrespectful '' .  report : ebay removes 30 items after a newspaper 's investigation .  mail on sunday : concentration camp uniform , star of david armbands were for sale .  spokesman : `` we are very sorry that these items have been listed on ebay .
 government accuses activist of fabricating photo in bahrain <sec> ali isa saqer , 31 , died at a detention center on saturday .  a leading human rights activist posted images of a man identified as saqer .  the photographs show what he says is evidence of torture .  the government says the activist fabricated the imag .
 apparently this matters : crossfit for toddlers <sec> a gym in long island city is now offering crossfit for toddlers .  some people think it 's too expensive and snobbish .  two classes a week for a month costs $ 28 .
 david letterman last shows ' guests named <sec> `` the late show with david letterman '' concludes may 20 .  letterman 's guests will include oprah winfrey and bill murray .  stephen colbert takes over the slot september .
 california begins same-sex marriage ceremonies <sec> weddings will continue over the weekend .  the first couple to marry are kristin perry and sandra stier .  they were plaintiffs in the lawsuit before the u.s. supreme court .  ring bearer is elliot perry , 18 , one of the couple 's twin son .
 tibetan sets himself on fire in front of shrine in nepal <sec> `` the whole of his body is burnt , '' a police spokesman says .  the man doused himself in petrol and set himself on fire near a shrine .  dozens of tibetans have self-immolated in recent years to protest chinese rul .
 rainout : thompson 'not giving up ' speed-record dreams <sec> danny thompson hoped to break land speed record for piston engine .  speed week at bonneville salt flats was canceled saturday because of bad weather .  thompson vows to return with challenger 2 , which he built .  he is the son of the first american to break the 400 mph mar .
 uk arrests man in assassination attempt on spanish king <sec> new : spain 's deputy pm says the suspect 's current role in the eta is under investigation .  the police will continue to pursue eta members wherever they go , rubalcaba says .  the man is suspected of being a member of the basque separatist group eta .  the alleged assassination attempt occurred in 199 .
 if students fail history , does it matter ? <sec> national test results show fewer than one-fourth of students are `` proficient '' in american history .  some question whether it 's worth teaching , and whether it helps students find jobs later .  educators say history teaches students how to research and make well-informed decisions .  students say history teaching should be reframed , made more fu .
 crimea remarries -- but that divorce will be messy <sec> there are issues when you divorce one country and join another , writes cnn 's tim lister .  the biggest headache is geographical : crimea has no land border with russia .  there are still thousands of ukrainian troops based in crimea -- seen as their home .  currently atms in crimea still dispense hryvnia , the ukrainian currenc .
 greece 's samaras insists politics and football do n't mix <sec> giorgios samaras says greece players will ignore political innuendo over germany match .  greece face the germans in euro 2012 quarterfinal in gdansk on friday .  governments of the two nations have clashed over greece 's debt .  samaras believes team spirit is greatest asset for unfancied greek sid .
 battered but not beaten , zimbabwe farmers seek justice <sec> farmers kidnapped , beaten days after election for challenging land confiscation .  dozens of farmers appeal to 14-nation tribunal for relief from zimbabwe land grabs .  ben freeth recalls being beaten with a shambock , a whip made of hippo hide .  mike and angela campbell -- 75 and 67 -- still recovering from june beatin .
 azarenka , williams to meet in u.s. open final <sec> victoria azarenka into final of u.s. open for the first time .  world no.1 azarenka beats maria sharapova 3-6 6-2 6-4 .  serena williams defeats italy 's sara errani 6-1 , 6-2 .  contest will be williams ' sixth u.s. open fina .
 what makes a youtube video funny ? google wants to know <sec> google has created an algorithm that scores videos based on user feedback , other info .  users can vote on youtube 's top finishers in a `` comedy slam '' .  researcher : `` humor preference is subjective , perhaps even more so than musical taste .
 scene in sydney : grenades and gunfire <sec> explosions and gunfire heard as police storm sydney cafe , ending siege .  police move in after more hostages escape .  high-profile attack in sydney 's central business district unprecedented .  streets usually bustling with city workers , tourists and shopper .
 sandy 's impact : state by state <sec> sandy has killed at least 40 people in the united states .  motorists line up at service stations for blocks in new jersey town .  president obama to tour damage in new jerse .
 pope offers 150 homeless people tour of vatican <sec> approximately 150 homeless people invited to tour vatican city .  the visit , organized by office of papal charities , includes stops to museums , sistine chape .
 obama still fighting for those who are hurting <sec> lz granderson : in chicago , obama directed faith-based group to help displaced workers .  he says obama not perfect , but his early choices showed will to help those in need .  he says there are good reasons for another term : jobs numbers , housing prices .  lz : romney shows up in home states in election ; obama has record of helping other .
 michelle obama meets with mandela in south africa <sec> new : the south african trip underscores the nation as viable partner , expert says .  the visit will further raise profile of the obamas on the continent .  the first lady and family are scheduled to visit neighboring botswana frida .
 obama on isis in syria : 'we do n't have a strategy yet ' <sec> report claims james foley was waterboarded by isis captors .  no point in asking congress for action without having a plan , obama says .  `` we do n't have a strategy yet '' to deal with isis in syria , he says .  militant group says it executed hundreds of syrian soldier .
 british retailer admits bra boob <sec> marks & spencer is ending its surcharge on larger lingerie .  retailer takes out adverts admitting `` we boobed '' .  campaigners argued that the higher prices of the bigger bras was unfai .
