 airlines ground planes as monster snowstorm moves in <sec> airlines cancel thousands of flights for tuesday .  air traffic comes to a halt in some places .  dallas-fort worth international airport reopens after shutting down for several hours .  hundreds of flights canceled at chicago 's o'hare internationa .
 canada aids cruise ship stuck in the arctic ocean <sec> the canadian coast guard is ferrying passengers from the ship .  the are being taken to a small town on the shore of the arctic ocean .  some 128 passengers and roughly 69 crew members are thought to be on board .  the ship ran aground an unmapped rock on frida .
 tackling poverty in nation 's capital , one bed at a time <sec> for five years , rita taylor and her two daughters were homeless .  a friend referred taylor to a wider circle , a d.c.-area nonprofit .  mark bergel founded a wider circle , which provides furniture and household goods .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2014 cnn heroe .
 vettel dominates opening australian gp <sec> reigning champion sebastian vettel wins season-opening australian gp in melbourne .  lewis hamilton finishes second with vitaly petrov a career best third in his renault .  sauber pair sergio perez and kamui kobayashi disqualified from seventh and eighth .  the 23-year-old vettel was claiming his 11th victory in just his 63rd grand pri .
 isis is forcing a 'moment of truth ' ( opinion ) <sec> wesley clark : u.s. must respond to isis threat , but with coordinated regional response .  he says u.s. can support islamic friends in region threatened by isis , but ca n't fight their war .  he says isis has sights on states like jordan , lebanon ; it could well seize saudi arabia .  clark : u.s. involvement only helps recruit jihadists . .  mideast nations facing their moment of trut .
 kenyan pair dominate the london marathon with convincing wins <sec> wilson kipgang wins men 's race at london marathon .  kipgang finishes over two minutes clear of former winner martin lel .  mary keitang claims women 's title in kenyan record .  over 37,000 runners took part in 32nd staging of rac .
 aazis richardson , 16 , charged in cabbie vincent darbenzio 's killing <sec> aazis richardson , 16 , allegedly shot driver vincent darbenzio , 47 , prosecutor says .  teen thought driver was taking a longer route to increase the fare , prosecutor says .  `` i just told him take this way ; he did n't want to listen , '' teen told cnn affiliate wnep .  the public defender 's office , who is representing richardson , could not be reache .
 ticketmaster-live nation talks raise concerns <sec> ticketmaster , live nation reportedly in merger talks .  two companies have huge share of concert business .  bruce springsteen mad about ticketmaster snafu ; congressman hears from citizen .
 intelligence chatter , prison breaks cause heightened security <sec> new : zawahiri message no . .  2 : 'do something ' .  `` these seem like dots that ought to be connected , '' a cnn analyst says .  19 u.s. diplomatic posts around the world will be closed through saturday .  intelligence intercepts , the end of ramadan and prison breaks contribute to the aler .
 did group of artists predict ukraine crisis ? <sec> the biggest-ever exhibition of ukrainian art has opened in london .  many of the artworks seem to predict the unrest of 2014 .  some artworks even include scenes of invasio .
 grappling with loss and uncertainty in australia 's fires <sec> wildfires to be unpredictable in australia 's most populous state .  uncertainty for residents who live in blue mountains .  more than 200 homes have been lost in fire .
 china to launch manned spacecraft in mid-june <sec> the spacecraft and its carrier rocket were moved to a launch platform saturday .  female astronauts may be among the three-person crew , xinhua reports .  final selection will be decided `` on the very last condition , '' xinhua cites official as saying .  china hopes to build a space station , conduct a manned mission to the moo .
 14 beautiful literary-themed hotels <sec> the new yorker was founded in the algonquin hotel .  radisson sonya hotel in saint petersburg was inspired by `` crime and punishment '' .  l'hotel in paris was made famous by oscar wilde , who lived and died at the hote .
 u.s. to hold first talks with north korea since kim jong il 's death <sec> u.s. envoy glyn davies is scheduled to meet with a north korean official in beijing .  they will discuss north korea 's willingness to suspend its nuclear program .  the death of kim jong il disrupted a deal for a suspension in return for food ai .
 brazil launches 6th operation aimed at crime across borders <sec> 7,500 troops are going to brazil 's northwest borders for a two-week operation .  drug and arms trafficking and smuggling are among the crimes targeted .  the operation also brings medical and dental services to the local population .
 'entourage 's ' jordan belfi on the 'scary truth ' <sec> jordan belfi plays acting agent adam davies on the hbo show `` entourage '' .  belfi has played ari gold 's nemesis on the show since the first season .  `` i think he 's the kind of agent that i 'd certainly like to have , '' belfi says of davies .  a little something about coming story lines : belfi says adam might get lloy .
 friend could n't determine if charlie sheen was inebriated <sec> plastic surgeon says he was groggy when he got call .  sheen tells friend he 's in pain .  surgeon tells sheen 's assistant to dial 91 .
 sasha baron cohen to bring saddam novel to big screen <sec> `` the dictator '' is inspired by `` zabibah and the king '' .  `` zabibah '' is said to be an allegory for the u.s. invasion of iraq in 1991 .  `` the dictator '' is scheduled to be released in may 2012 , paramount say .
 making fuel out of thin air <sec> german company created process to turn carbon dioxide from air into liquid fuel .  theory has been around since 1970s , but implementation too costly until now .  process requires ultra-high temperatures , industrial production a long way off .  technique could also be used to store electricity captured from wind , solar powe .
 russia should hand out life bans to 'racists ' <sec> russia should impose life bans on anyone found guilty of racist abuse in football .  call comes from leading anti-apartheid activist danny jordaan .  jordaan led south africa 's successful 2010 world cup bid .  argues there should be `` no compromise '' on the issue of racist abuse in footbal .
 afghan president visits city at center of anti-taliban push <sec> afghan president tours marjah , site of massive operation to take control from taliban .  next goal is to win support of population , u.s. general says .  elsewhere in afghanistan , about 50 killed in battle between two rebel groups .  two nato service members killed in separate incident .
 juarez gang leader admits killings <sec> arturo gallegos was arrested saturday .  he is the leader of the aztecas gang in juarez .  police say he was behind 80 percent of the killings there over the past 16 month .
 andy murray to wed girlfriend kim sears <sec> andy murray and his girlfriend kim sears to wed , his management confirms .  the briton makes amends for tweet gaffe when he announced a post-wimbledon wedding .  but murray splits from coaches jez green and dani vallverdu .  spanish world no . .  3 rafael nadal is the only unmarried member of men 's `` big four .
 october on inside the middle east <sec> a special edition of ime focusses on the women of the middle east .  rima maktabi travels to cairo to meet the renowned egyptian author and feminist , dr. nawal sadawi .  in iraq meanwhile , ime meets two baghdadi women helping to rebuild their countr .
 italian navy rescues 233 migrants from mediterranean boat <sec> new : greece 's coast guard rescues 85 migrants in a separate operation .  the italian navy rescues 233 migrants from an overcrowded boat in high seas .  the migrants are being taken to a port on the italian island of sicily , the navy says .  tens of thousands embark on the risky crossing each year in the hope of reaching eu soi .
 courier 's choices : who will be u.s. open champions ? <sec> u.s. open next month pivotal in deciding player of year in 2012 .  four different winners of men 's grand slams and the olympic singles crown .  u.s. davis cup captain jim courier picks novak djokovic to retain men 's title .  he believes serena williams overwhelming favorite for women 's crow .
 this student 's created a batman outfit - and it works <sec> 21-year-old student jackson gordon has designed and built a functional batsuit .  made with money raised on kickstarter , the outfit has received a prestigious endorsemen .
 author seeks to prove murderer is innocent <sec> jeffrey macdonald 's wife and two daughters were murdered in 1970 .  a military inquiry recommended he not be tried for the killings , citing a lack of evidence .  he was later tried and convicted in criminal court and is serving a life sentence .  today , a new book by filmmaker errol morris seeks to prove macdonald 's innocenc .
 isis : obama knows he ca n't fix iraq ( opinion ) <sec> president obama orders u.s. military strikes in iraq , humanitarian assistance .  aaron miller : despite the moves , obama will not take a more aggressive stance .  he says president sees his legacy as one of ending foreign wars , not renewing them .  miller : obama saw how bush 's efforts in iraq proved counterproductiv .
 nine of 11 england terror suspects released <sec> border officials want men deported despite lack of evidence to charge them .  agency : we want to remove men `` on grounds of national security '' .  men had been held in association with alleged terror plot in northern england .  widespread arrests made after police official photographed with name of suspect .
 famu band to return to the field after hazing suspension <sec> drum major robert champion died after being beaten in a hazing incident .  the school 's famed marching 100 band was suspended after his death .  it will perform in september in orlando , and at other games during the seaso .
 journalists hacked missing teen girl 's phone , lawyer charges <sec> new : private investigator jailed over phone hacking apologizes to anyone hurt by his acts .  ford pulls its advertising from british newspaper while the claims are investigated .  the victim 's family is `` horrified '' by the police report their phones were hacked .  news international executives met with police over the claim , saying they are `` shocked .
 feds target violent gangs , arrest 1,300 <sec> immigration and customs sweep part of initiative started in 2005 .  arrests took place over three-month period in 23 cities .  of those arrested , 374 face criminal charges ; the rest will be deporte .
 amanda knox 's ex speaks at retrial for murder of meredith kercher <sec> new : raffaele sollecito implores judges `` to really look at reality '' .  he is not a witness and any statement would not be under oath .  he and knox were acquitted in 2011 , but the case is back before an appeals court .  knox has stayed in the united states ; she says she 's afraid to return to ital .
 egypt 's muslim brotherhood to boycott runoff vote <sec> new : the largest opposition group is protesting irregularities in the first round .  the muslim brotherhood finds its parliamentary presence reduced to zero .  the united states has criticized the elections .  the irregularities did not affect the results , an election official say .
 blame affairs on evolution of sex roles <sec> stephanie coontz : male politicians repeatedly step into illicit sex situations . .  why ? .  she says at one time they were encouraged . .  now infidelity scorned , but old habits persist .  she says in an unequal history , men learned to expect adoration ; women to admire men 's power .  coontz : retro pattern persists , draws men to young adoring women , women to older me .
 iran threatens to stop imports from south korea over oil halt <sec> south korea is the first major asian consumer of iranian oil to stop imports .  seoul 's decision follows an insurance ban by the eu on tankers carrying iran 's crude .  tehran says it may respond by deciding to `` fully stop importing korean goods '' .  western powers are using sanctions to pressure tehran over its nuclear progra .
 how to live , and die , like steve jobs <sec> steve jobs lived by a set of values that shaped everything he did , pete cashmore writes .  jobs , despite his financial success , was frugal .  jobs questioned authority his entire life , even choosing to drive without license plates .  he saw death as having positive aspects , referring to it as `` nature 's change agent .
 wilfried bony joins manchester city <sec> wilfried bony joins manchester city from swansea city .  the ivorian will join up with his new team after the forthcoming africa cup of nations .  the ivory coast football federation tweeted a picture of bony holding a city shir .
 how inequality hurts romney 's happiness <sec> jason marsh : romney 47 % comment bothered many as attack on most vulnerable .  but , he says , research shows wealthy like romney have impaired social emotional skills .  more money linked to less generosity , empathy , few social connections , less happiness .  marsh : inequality may be self-perpetuating ; rich less likely to feel compassion for poo .
 the secret jihadi smuggling route through turkey <sec> smugglers are helping would-be jihadis travel across border from southern turkey to syria .  one tells cnn the rate of those making crossing has tripled since chemical attacks .  'hamza ' tells cnn he is happy to be going to syria to become a martyr .  turkish officials say they are intensely involved in the fight against terroris .
 rogers : we 'ought to rethink ' gitmo policy <sec> the pentagon transferred six guantanamo bay detainees to uruguay , it announced sunday .  house intelligence committee chairman mike rogers says the move should be reconsidered .  rogers says previously released prisoners have re-engaged in terroris .
 former hostage reunited with her 'beautiful ' children <sec> betancourt , children call attention to hostages still held by colombia rebels .  betancourt to travel to france on thursday night , official says .  colombian president alvaro uribe calls rescue operation `` an honor to humanity '' .  colombian military infiltrated farc leadership , defense minister say .
 statue of liberty 's crown reopens for visitors <sec> monument in new york harbor closed since 9/11 attacks .  thirty people make climb to reopened crown .  `` this is a celebration of america , '' interior secretary say .
 world welcomes 2012 with cheers , celebrations <sec> crowds erupt in cheers , kisses and hugs as the giant ball drops .  from london to samoa , the world ushers in 2012 .  fireworks lit up the sky over london 's river thame .
 u.s. warns on small planes , but says no plots known <sec> small planes and `` violent extremists '' could be a danger , u.s. warns .  authorities have no `` current , credible information '' of a specific plo .
 steve miller says new album takes him back to music he grew up with <sec> `` bingo ! '' .  features interpretations of b.b . .  king , jimmie vaughan tracks .  `` i wanted to get some material and make it my own , '' steve miller says .  album has `` lots of lead guitar and cool guitar parts '' .  with growth of internet , audiences today `` are really hipper , '' he say .
 boehner : impeachment talk a dem 'scam ' to raise money <sec> boehner says talk of impeachment coming from dems and white house .  he says house gop has no plans to impeach obama over executive actions .  sarah palin and other conservatives are pushing for such a step .  boehner , however , is suing the president over obamacar .
 owen pounces on group 1 success with brown panther <sec> ex-england striker enjoys his biggest-ever horse-racing win at irish st leger .  brown panther stuns a stellar field including aidan o'brien-trained leading light .  owen describes the horse as 'the apple of my eye ' and targets ascot glory next .  trainer tom dascombe hails perfect ride by jockey richard kingscote on boar .
 joe biden to visit japan , china as air zone dispute smolders <sec> state department says u.s. military and government planes wo n't recognize zone .  biden will visit japan , china and south korea during an asian visit .  his trip comes as the region has been roiled by china 's new air defense zone claim .  u.s. officials say biden 's visit is aimed at voicing concern but also reducing tension .
 desperate japanese head to 'suicide forest ' <sec> forest with stunning views of mount fuji is also known as place to die .  counselors now roam aokigahara forest , hoping to help the desperate .  suicides in japan were 15 percent higher in january than a year earlier .  officials fear more people will kill themselves amid the tough econom .
 pentagon document lays out battle plan against zombies - cnnpolitics.com <sec> pentagon planners draw up disaster plans to deal with different contingencies .  planners created an attack by the walking dead to plan for large-scale operations .  tactics include `` concentration of all firepower to the head , specifically the brain .
 man dies trying to escape burning ferry in adriatic sea <sec> number rescued climbs to 201 ; there are 276 still on board .  at least one person is dead after jumping off norman atlantic ferry .  the norman atlantic was carrying almost 500 people and more than 200 vehicles .  heavy winds and rough waters hindered rescue effort .
 soldier slain on london street was a machine gunner , drummer , dad <sec> drummer lee `` riggers '' rigby , 25 , was a machine gunner who became a recruiter .  `` he was a real character '' in the infantry , his commanding officer says .  as a drummer , he stood outside the royal palaces .  he was also the father of a 2-year-old son , jac .
 solange knowles speaks on jay z elevator fight <sec> solange knowles speaks about her elevator fight .  she says she and her family are at peace with what happened .  she also says she and her sister stick by one another `` no matter what .
 miley cyrus ' 'homeless ' vma date faces arrest in oregon <sec> an arrest warrant was issued for jesse helt in 2011 , a corrections official says .  helt stopped checking in with probation officer after criminal trespass conviction , he says .  cyrus : `` you 've chosen to go after jesse instead of covering '' the youth homelessness issue .  helt could spend a year in jail for his probation violation , the official say .
 trial of two former cops in beating death of homeless man nears end <sec> kelly thomas , 37 , died after being beaten by fullerton police department officers .  two former officers are on trial in his death .  manuel ramos is charged with second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter .  jay cicinelli is charged with involuntary manslaughter and use of excessive forc .
 feds investigate stuck accelerators on mazdas , fords <sec> nhtsa has received nearly 100 reports of stuck gas pedals .  ford and mazda issued some recalls for the problem in 2004 .  problem suspected in one death , nine injurie .
 suu kyi 's son leaves myanmar after long-awaited reunion <sec> suu kyi was released from house arrest on november 13 .  they had been separated for a decade .  the political activist has spent most of the past 20 years under house arrest or in priso .
 second suspect arrested in airport dry ice explosions <sec> a second lax contract workers is arrested in connection with recent blasts .  the first suspect pleaded not guilty to two counts of possession of a destructive device in a public place .  41-year-old miguel angel iniguez , was the first suspect 's supervisor .  no injuries were reported from the blast .
 prison mug shot reveals a different phil spector <sec> new : newly released photo taken at state prison intake center on june 5 .  music producer serving 19 years to life for 2003 slaying of lana clarkson .  actress was found shot dead in foyer of spector 's california mansion .  jury deadlocked at first trial , spector convicted of second-degree murder at retria .
 round-the-world sailing 'a drug ' for record-breaking yachtswoman <sec> britain 's dee caffari is one of the world 's great sailors .  the 41-year-old introduced to sailing by late father , but mother has water phobia .  she was first woman to sail non-stop , single-handed around globe in both directions .  caffari currently heading all-female crew in volvo ocean round-the-world rac .
 j.k. rowling revealed as secret author of crime novel <sec> j.k. rowling secretly wrote `` the cuckoo 's calling '' .  the publisher pretended the author was robert galbraith , a former soldier and police officer .  it 's been `` wonderful to publish without hype or expectation , '' rowling says .  sales on amazon spiked 507,000 % after the news brok .
 5 things you might not know about jfk 's assassination <sec> president john f. kennedy was assassinated on november 22 , 1963 .  his assassin , lee harvey oswald , was shot and killed while in police custody .  investigations over the decades revealed countless facts -- and new questions about the cas .
