 the clinton 'announcement ' you were n't waiting for <sec> clinton supporters received an email from hillary clinton with the subject line `` announcement '' .  the announcement was not related to would-be clinton 's 2016 presidential bid .  the email detailed how the clintons would triple any donations given to the foundation before 201 .
 world cup : death threats over luis suarez injury <sec> luis suarez facing race against time to be fit for 2014 world cup .  uruguay striker underwent minor surgery on knee thursday .  suarez suffered injury during liverpool 's final-day victory over newcastle .  newcastle 's paul dummett receives death threats on twitte .
 pennsylvania trooper dies in shooting ; one wounded <sec> one trooper is conscious after being shot .  pennsylvania crime stoppers offers a $ 50,000 reward to help find suspects .  police have named the two officers shot in an ambush .  one trooper died from gunshot wound .
 can tiger woods crack the u.s. open 's 'graveyard of champions ? ' <sec> san francisco 's olympic club has earned a reputation as the graveyard of champions .  golf 's last 14 majors have been won by 14 different players .  tiger woods is bookies ' favorite after recent memorial win at muirfield village .  woods aiming to move to within three wins of jack nicklaus ' record of 18 major .
 opinion : the republican budget is an assault on the middle class <sec> rep. steve israel argues that the latest gop budget hurts middle-class americans .  israel : families will be paying more in taxes while corporations get huge tax cuts .  senior citizens , he says , will pay more as gop budget reopens prescription doughnut hol .
 qantas considers suing rolls-royce after engine fire <sec> new : australian court grants qantas permission to pursue legal action .  new : qantas says it has already started discussions with rolls-royce .  officials issue a safety recommendation about the rolls-royce engine .  the problem could have been a factor in last month 's qantas fir .
 police raid brazilian slums <sec> two slums are targeted in an operation aimed at cleaning up crime before the world cup .  more than 2,000 police and troops push through the streets of two shantytowns .  there are no reports of deaths of injurie .
 casey anthony 's release draws near <sec> new : `` i hate casey anthony '' facebook page contains threatening posts .  casey anthony is due to be released from jail sometime sunday .  an attorney for her says she does not know what anthony will do .  she was acquitted of murder and child neglect charges in the death of her daughter , cayle .
 chamber 'all in ' for roberts in kansas race <sec> the u.s. chamber of commerce is endorsing kansas sen. pat roberts .  roberts is trailing independent candidate greg orman in the key rac .
 uk ready to send more troops to afghanistan <sec> britain is ready to increase troop numbers in afghanistan , army chief says .  richard dannatt told the times up to 2,000 more could be sent .  army waiting for formal request by u.s. government , he say .
 cyrus kabiru 's spectacular glasses 'give trash a second chance ' <sec> cyrus kabiru is a kenyan self-taught sculptor and painter .  he crafts artworks from found objects he collects in the streets of nairobi .  he is best known for his series of eye-catching handmade spectacles .  kabiru has been invited to speak at ted2013 conference and has shown his work around the worl .
 authorities : david copperfield 's accuser charged with lying to police <sec> woman charged with prostitution and making a false accusation in another case .  lacey carroll accused david copperfield of sexually assaulting her two years ago .  lawyer : `` developments vindicate mr. copperfield , '' prove `` what he has said all along .
 fbi interviews detail saddam hussein 's fear of iran , wmd bluff <sec> saddam hussein calls iran a factor in keeping u.n. inspectors out of iraq .  hussein described osama bin laden as a `` zealot , '' said he never met him .  he said the united states used september 11 attacks as justification to attack ira .
 ancient tennessee paintings illustrate native beliefs <sec> paintings and carvings stretch across tennessee 's cumberland plateau .  one of them dates back 6,000 years , university of tennessee researcher says .  the images may be a composition of `` enormous scale , '' he says .  they reflect a three-tiered view of the world by the native americans of the southeas .
 michael jackson 's mom : 'i want to know what really happened ' <sec> jackson matriarch katherine jackson : `` a lot of the facts that have been said are not the truth '' .  michael jackson 's `` not here to speak for himself , '' his mother says .  `` my son was a very good person , '' jackson 's mother testifies .  expert says jackson would have earned $ 1.5 billion from touring and sponsorshi .
 czech republic beat argentina to reach davis cup final <sec> czech republic make davis cup final for second consecutive year .  a 3-0 defeat of argentina in prague wrapped up on saturday with doubles victory .  canada lead serbia 2-1 in belgrade after a five-set doubles victory on saturda .
 oldest dna taken from neanderthal who fell into well <sec> scientists in southern italy have known about him since 1993 .  researchers worried that rescuing the bones would shatter the .
 giant x-rays reveal innards of guns , cars , planes <sec> nick veasey uses x-ray machines to take revealing photos of large metal objects .  the british photographer has snapped guns , cars , planes and robots .  veasey : with objects as with people , `` it 's what 's on the inside that counts .
 bo xilai anticipates imprisonment in letter to family <sec> disgraced communist party leader reiterated his innocence in letter to family .  bo referenced his father , a revolutionary , who was himself imprisoned .  the former party chief in chongqing was sentenced to life in prison on sunday .  found guilty of bribe-taking , embezzlement and abuse of powe .
 prince to the rescue of child shepherds in the 'sky kingdom ' <sec> in lesotho , around a third of school-age boys work as herd boys .  boys as young as five can spend a year away from their families .  lesotho 's prince seeiso and britain 's prince harry started charity sentebale to help the .
 jankovic and ivanovic set up all-serbian clash at indian wells <sec> serbian duo jelena jankovic and ana ivanovic will play for a place in quarterfinals .  the former world no . .  1 's both won third round matches at indian wells in straight sets .  oz open champion kim clijsters progresses despite dropping second set to sara errani .  world no . .  3 vera zvonareva is knocked out by slovakia 's dominika cibulkov .
 activist : egypt 's leaders label female protesters 'prostitutes ' <sec> egyptian-american journalist mona eltahawy says she was beaten ; sexually assaulted by riot police .  she has a broken left arm and broken right hand .  egypt 's only female presidential candidate alleges sexual assault by army sunday .  activist : for years mubarak 's regime was torturing women , harassing wome .
 brubeck : jazz master with big heart <sec> gene seymour : dave brubeck , a good guy and masterly jazz musician , died wednesday .  brubeck led iconic jazz ensemble in '50s , 60s ; crossed onto pop charts with `` take five '' .  seymour : brubeck gained popularity from campus tours ; known for unusual time signatures .  seymour : he was humble , had infectious sense of play , lured fans to simple joy of jaz .
 dhs now collecting 10 fingerprints from foreign travelers <sec> the new 10-print system was rolled out in late november at dulles .  the program , known as us-visit , had previously used only two fingerprints .  the 10-print policy will extend to all international airports late in 200 .
 microsoft 's deal with nokia : cheap bet or looming disaster ? <sec> what does microsoft see in nokia , a business whose share of the smartphone handset market is sliding ? .  the answers to this question vary , jim boulden writes . .  but there is potential for this to be a win for both .  microsoft will need to figure out a way to tap the cheaper smartphone market .  it will need to do this while also ensuring the two companies are merged -- not an easy tas .
 ice skating bear kills russian circus hand <sec> ice skating bear kills man during rehearsals at russian circus .  bear dragged circus administrator dmitry potapov across the ice by his neck .  russian state circus company troupe were preparing for `` bears on ice '' .  russia has a long-standing tradition of training bears to perform trick .
 poll : majority against free trade <sec> new cnn/opinion research corp . .  poll released tuesday .  it suggests the free trade issue may pose a problem for mccain .  poll : 51 percent of americans view foreign trade as a threat to the econom .
 yemen says 6 al qaeda leaders killed <sec> group 's military commander killed in airstrike , yemen says .  qassim al-raimi was target of raid .  five other al qaeda operatives also killed , yemen says .  copters hunt for two who survived rai .
 ebola outbreak outpacing response : expert <sec> who warns 10,000 ebola cases per week possible in west africa by end of year .  peter piot co-discovered ebola virus in 1976 , concerned about outbreak response .  piot has warned of 'unimaginable catastrophe ' if the virus becomes lodged in a mega-cit .
 australian begins daunting 100-mile swim to florida <sec> new : `` i think it will all work out well , '' chloe mccardel says before she begins swim .  endurance swimmer will try to cover 100 miles from cuba to florida .  sharks , jellyfish , currents among the obstacles mccardel may face .  if successful , she 'll set a world record for longest unassisted swi .
 can there be a morning after in a war without end ? <sec> bob greene says years from now , many may not remember 9/11 . .  will the war even be over ? .  he says remembrances are moving but ca n't be expected to bring resolution to attacks .  he says world war ii ended with a surrender ; no such thing is expected in this war .  greene : on monday u.s. will still be wishing for tranquillity , even as event fades into histor .
 fonda : jackson bought neverland after visiting my ranch <sec> jane fonda on her father : if there had been prozac , our lives would have been different .  fonda on ted turner : `` i 'm so proud of him . .  he 's done so much good work in the world '' .  she hopes barack obama gets re-elected .  fonda on gop candidates : `` i get depressed and scared when i look at the republican debates .
 why are protesters furious with brazil 's president ? <sec> cnn 's shasta darlington , who lives in sao paulo , explains who protesters are and what they want .  demonstrators are angry about a massive scandal involving state oil company .  protesters also are incensed about a stumbling econom .
 pretzel bag narrows search for child abuser to u.s . <sec> a man sexually abuses a girl in four videos posted on the internet , authorities say .  a pretzel bag available only in the u.s. and canada narrows the search , ice says .  the bag is seen in the videos from which five images of the suspect are taken .  danish authorities say they found the videos , made in april , earlier this mont .
 huntelaar double helps milan go second <sec> klass-jan huntelaar scored twice as ac milan beat udinese 3-2 on friday .  the result lifts milan up to second place in the table , eight points behind leaders inter .  borussia moenchengladbach beat nuremberg 2-1 to move up to 11th in bundeslig .
 ebola death toll rises as its reach spreads past africa <sec> more than 900 people have died in west africa because of the outbreak .  american nancy writebol 's family ''encouraged by her condition '' .  president obama says u.s. concentrating on public health approach .  spanish priest who contracted the disease in liberia will be flown to madri .
 study : people with lots of facebook friends more likely to be narcissists <sec> those with narcissistic tendencies exploit facebook to get feedback they need , study finds .  users that self-promote themselves on the site show signs of narcissistic behaviors .  men tend to promote themselves in the `` about me '' description , while women use picture .
 biden promises 'new tone ' in u.s. foreign affairs <sec> vice president addresses security conference in munich , germany .  obama administration values international alliances , he says .  biden promises to consult with russia on placement of missile defense .  u.s. will `` act aggressively against climate change , '' ask help to fight terroris .
 eating disorders : not just for the young <sec> diane butrym 's eating disorder developed after she was diagnosed with cancer .  butrym may not fit the stereotype of an eating disorder patient , but she 's not exceptional .  eating disorders still `` in the closet '' for adult women .  these women have said they feel dissatisfied with their bodie .
 fda : nutrition labels getting a makeover <sec> the food and drug administration is proposing changes to nutrition labels .  new labels make calorie counts easier to read and highlight added sugar .  fda also wants to change required serving sizes in some products , such as soda .  proposal will undergo 90-day comment period , may be implemented next yea .
 commentary : fan gets town 's special tribute <sec> bob greene : bill sauer was a dedicated fan of his small-town football team .  he says sauer had cerebral palsy and a challenging life .  greene : sauer was n't a football star , a millionaire or a politician .  he says town paid him extraordinary tribute by naming stadium after hi .
 the smooth , unstoppable dick clark <sec> gene seymour : it seemed that dick clark would defy physical laws , last forever .  clark was known for new year 's show , but more so for `` american bandstand '' .  seymour : show was a must-see for kids in the '50s and '60s ; it endured even till the '80s .  seymour : clark was smooth and with staying power ; his loss points out our vulnerabilit .
 report : russian judge denies parole for pussy riot member <sec> nadezhda tolokonnikova , one of 3 arrested pussy riot members , had asked for parole .  state news : a judge denies it , saying she broke prison rules and has n't expressed regret .  pussy riot staged a performance protesting russia 's leaders in 2012 in a moscow church .  activists have decried the arrest and conviction of the punk band 's member .
 uk house of lords suspends 2 over corruption claims <sec> lord taylor of blackburn and lord truscott barred for corruption charges .  they allegedly agreed to take cash to influence specific legislation .  they will not face criminal charges , london 's metropolitan police sai .
 pakistan charges doctor who helped find osama bin laden with murder <sec> dr. shakil afridi has been charged with murder in connection with a 2006 surgery .  pakistan has accused afridi of working with the cia to verify osama bin laden 's whereabouts .  u.s. special forces killed the al qaeda leader an an abbottabad compound in may 2011 .  the state department is calling on pakistan to ensure afridi receives a fair tria .
 pakistan 's supreme court invalidates politicians ' amnesty <sec> pakistan 's supreme court declares amnesty protecting politicians is unconstitutional .  politicians , including president asif ali zardari , were protected from corruption , criminal charges .  amnesty , passed in 2007 under then-president pervez musharraf , expired last month .  as president , zardari still has immunity from prosecutio .
 leading through crisis : powerful woman in finance <sec> christine lagarde managing director of the international monetary fund ( imf ) .  she is leading the imf during a period of scandal and global economic crisis .  evidence is being gathered to prove the importance of women to the economy .  being the first women to lead the imf brings responsibility but also hope for women to follow in her footstep .
 commentary : beer wo n't heal this wound <sec> bob greene : not all police-citizen disputes can be healed by a `` beer summit '' .  he says 1968 chicago police veterans held a reunion this year .  he says their publicity sparked protesters , who held a rally nearby .  greene : more than 40 years later , the sides have n't found common groun .
 cover story : what is bonnaroo ? <sec> bonnaroo will bring more than 80,000 people to manchester , tennessee .  the festival becomes a unique destination with a comedy theater , cinema and more .  ben and jerry 's created bonnaroo buzz , a light coffee and malt ice crea .
 nfl fans chant for football , boo the commissioner , and hope <sec> nfl fans boo commissioner and chant for football at nfl draft .  league 's labor battle is being fought in the courts .  players have won early legal victories , which may be helping them stay united .  a test of their unity could come in september , when they 'd start missing paycheck .
 clashes continue in ukraine after it pulls out of talks with eu <sec> police respond with batons and tear gas .  ukraine 's president , viktor yanukovych , is in a tight spot .  russia is pressuring him to not join the eu .  the eu wants him to release his bitter political opponen .
 fire protection aboard freight aircraft unsafe , ntsb says <sec> `` the current approach is not safe enough , '' the head of the ntsb says .  in '07 , faa said fire-safety upgrades too expensive based on cost/benefit analysis .  ntsb : industry has focused little on developing fire-resistant containers .  three cargo plane disaster probes yielded recommendation .
 va assistant secretary : 'my crew thought i was dead ' <sec> american warrior does n't leave a fallen comrade behind , va official says .  l. tammy duckworth : va funding increase will improve care and benefits .  goal is to have zero veterans homeless in five years , duckworth says .  duckworth : electronic records system will speed claims and reduce error .
 haitian kids allegedly taken by americans reunited with families <sec> 32 of 33 children taken home by at least one parent wednesday .  10 americans were arrested with kids at dominican border in late january .  authorities still working to verify parents of remaining gir .
 lax shooting : the latest on shooter , victims and a too-late warning <sec> an injured officer says he was shot while trying to help an elderly man move to safety .  lapd provides timeline for welfare check at suspect 's home .  suspect paul ciancia , 23 , is in critical condition and could face the death penalty .  police responded to family concern , arrived at ciancia 's apartment shortly after he lef .
 india hopes for glow after gloom as commonwealth games open <sec> commonwealth games kick-off with lavish ceremony .  whole national teams had threatened to pull out of the huge sports event .  new delhi 's poor say police have ordered them out of sight .  the games are a chance for india to shine on the global stag .
 lawmaker stabbed to death in maldives <sec> police are investigating the killing of a lawmaker early tuesday .  he is the first legislator to be assassinated in the island nation .  the death comes amid a period of political turmoil in the maldive .
 broken heart no more : old boat sails turned into uplifting art <sec> ali lamu turns old fishing material and recycled items into artwork and handicrafts .  the handmade creations are mostly made by old dhow sails , or 'tanga ' in swahili .  the artisans paint thoughtful messages on the creations promoting love and peace .  clients can buy ali lamu 's offerings from a small boutique on the island or onlin .
 nadal poised for chile comeback double <sec> former world no . .  1 rafael nadal reaches singles final in chile comeback tournament .  spaniard will seek his 37th clay-court title as he faces horacio zeballos in vina del mar .  nadal can complete a chilean conquest in the following doubles final on sunday .  roger federer to return to action this week as he defends his title in rotterda .
 once upon a time , a liberal republican was a star <sec> michael wolraich : in 1968 , charles percy was a rising gop star who fought urban poverty , nixon .  emerging new right toppled percy and other liberal republicans , he writes .  wolraich : percy 's career shows how a diverse gop became lock-stepped in ideolog .
 afghanistan helicopter crash victims returned to u.s . <sec> five of the victims were from the army .  four were from the navy , three of them navy seal .
 world seeks answers as syria civil war evolves <sec> obama says more information is needed before a decision on syria .  a rebel spokesman says recent blasts were set up by the government to garner sympathy .  state-run tv calls tuesday blast a `` terrorist explosion ; '' no one has claimed responsibility .  the blast took place a day after the prime minister survived a bombing on his motorcad .
 it 's david letterman 's comedy world <sec> letterman 's comedic style has always been different .  his late-night shows were often unpredictable .  stephen colbert will replace him this yea .
 william wegman : why dogs are such a draw <sec> william wegman 's latest picture book `` flo & wendell explore '' features photos and paintings .  the book was inspired by wegman 's weimaraner puppies , flo and topper .  `` you really fall in love with them taking their pictures , '' wegman says .  fans often bring their dogs to meet wegman at speaking engagement .
