 freighter crew safe after riding out hurricane ike <sec> new : tugboat reaches stranded freighter .  ship 's crew of 22 endures night without power in gulf of mexico .  coast guard , air force had to abandon rescue because of poor conditions .  authorities onshore find it too dangerous to respond to calls for hel .
 indonesia aims to halt deforestation <sec> deforestation reached 1.17 million hectares per year , between 2003 and 2006 .  the u.n. program , reducing emissions from deforestation , has indonesia as one of its pilot countries .  in january 2011 , indonesia begins a two-year ban on any new clearing of forest .
 united states reveals 'specific ' threats to olympic games <sec> chairman of the house intelligence committee complains about cooperation .  austrian team receives threatening letter .  russian president vladimir putin in sochi three days before the winter olympics open .  organizers are scrambling to get everything ready for the game .
 'shocking ' or 'lawful ? ' patriot act at center of verizon controversy <sec> new : `` at what point do citizens stand up and say this is the tipping point ? '' .  professor asks .  new : there 's been no `` single other publicly disclosed order '' with such far-reaching effects .  the obama administration is accused of going too far in using the patriot act .  section 215 in the law gives fbi `` pretty broad authority , '' former u.s. prosecutor say .
 after arab spring , an eu winter ? <sec> one by one , leaders in europe 's troubled economies are falling , says sophia kalantzakos .  kalantzakos : will each country 's new government face even stronger opposition ? .  coalition governments alone will not be sufficient for people to get on board , she says .  a pan-european plan that will unite the continent should be urgently under way , she say .
 michael brown and focus on police brutality ( opinion ) <sec> like unarmed eric garner , iris baez 's son was killed by police in an illegal chokehold .  there 's been an uproar after an officer in missouri shot and killed an unarmed michael brown .  iris baez : police who kill unarmed people of color often get away with slap on wrist .  baez : justice and good community relations call for zero tolerance for police brutalit .
 china observes national day of mourning for mudslide victims <sec> new : death toll rises to 1,239 .  at least 38 people are missing in fresh landslides in sichuan province .  china has been hit hard this summer 's torrential rains .  flags will fly at half staff and no public entertainment will be allowed sunda .
 haiti police ill-equipped to handle crisis <sec> u.s. ambassador : haitian police represents `` first line of law and order , '' then u.n. forces .  `` u.s. forces are standing by to provide security as needed , '' ambassador adds .  national police chief says thousands of officers injured , killed or missing .  police department is bring in troops from other parts of haiti , police chief add .
 virgin america passenger recounts hours spent on tarmac <sec> five-hour flight lasts more than 10 after severe weather diverts it .  situation on virgin america 404 turned ugly when crew lashed out , passenger says .  virgin america apologizes , says passengers were able to deplane .  effective april 29 , airlines have to pay fines for tarmac delays of more than 3 hour .
 mcafee 's hasty , secret exit from belize ends in guatemalan detention <sec> john mcafee could be deported to belize on thursday , a guatemalan official says .  guatemalan immigration authorities detain him a day earlier .  his lawyer files a request for asylum with the guatemalan governmen .
 mother of deceased 'baby hope ' identified through dna <sec> body of unidentified child -- named baby hope by police -- was found on july 23 , 1991 .  authorities able to identify the mother through tip , dna .  no arrests have been mad .
 al qaeda leader calls for afghans to rise up against western troops <sec> the message is the second in a week from the al qaeda leader .  it runs more than 11 minutes long .  the message was posted to jihadist websites wednesda .
 house dems worry about cash challenge <sec> outside democratic groups are n't spending the kind of cash the party expected .  republican groups rolled out ad buys worth $ 3.7 million in recent days against four house democrats .  many democratic groups more focused on keeping control of the senat .
 for obama , it 's still the economy <sec> obama touts manufacturing gains at a steel plant in indiana .  democrats hope to drive economic message ahead of midterm .
 bayern turn to cas after losing ribery 's european appeal <sec> european football 's governing body uefa dismisses franck ribery 's appeal .  bayern munich midfielder now set to miss champions league final on may 22 .  the german club say they will now appeal to the court of arbitration for sport .  ribery was given a three-match ban after his red card in the first leg of the semifina .
 up from the mine , 52 years ago <sec> melissa fay greene writes about canada mine collapse that captured world 's attention .  20 men were trapped in darkness with no high-tech gear to free them , unlike chile miners .  social structure formed ; soon , a black man took lead , in contrast with his aboveground status .  greene : miners rescued , racial division resurfaced too ; fellowship dissolved in dayligh .
 somali pirates free british yacht couple <sec> paul and rachel chandler were seized from their yacht last year .  `` they are physically and mentally doing well , '' a local leader says .  it is unclear whether a ransom was paid for their releas .
 woman opens heart to man who slaughtered her family <sec> basket weaver 's husband , five children were hacked and clubbed to death .  one of killers was neighbor , caught up in hatred of rwanda 's genocide .  but now , victim and perpetrator share lunch , forgiveness and a future .  president paul kagame says rwanda is healing , moving beyond 1994 genocid .
 celebrating moms who rock <sec> these six women represent the mothers who work selflessly each day .  starla jones broke a family legacy of neglect and abuse .  brooke scollin was a gestational carrier for her cousi .
 novak djokovic survives goffin scare on rain interrupted day in paris <sec> world no . .  1 novak djokovic through to second round of french open in paris .  poor weather disrupts day three with some matches switched to wednesday instead .  home favorite marion bartoli edges tense three-set encounter with olga govortsova .  bernard tomic , florian mayer and alejandro falla retire from their first round matche .
 12 quirky college donations -- with strings <sec> some colleges have received or turned down donations with strange strings attached .  heiress leaves $ 2.5 million to school that must find homes for her 150 dogs .  donor 's scholarships requires students to place flowers on his grave .  swarthmore college could have received up to $ 3 million if it cut sports progra .
 debt fallback plan gains momentum as gop plans symbolic votes <sec> new : white house spokesman says all the leaders in the talks agree on the need for a deal .  congress will vote this week on the gop `` cut , cap and balance '' plan , aides say .  obama will veto the gop `` cut , cap , and balance '' plan if it reaches his desk .  the united states must raise its $ 14.3 trillion debt ceiling by august 2 or risk a defaul .
 2014 world cup draw : host brazil plays croatia in opening game <sec> brazil will kick of the 2014 world cup against croatia .  world champions spain face netherlands in repeat of 2010 final .  bosnia to take on argentina on debut tournament .  u.s. coach jurgen klinsmann to face native german .
 five questions : joe pantoliano at the democratic convention <sec> pantoliano is co-founder of the advocacy group no kidding , me too .  `` sopranos '' actor has new film about mental illness .  he says he has met with obama and mccain camps to discuss issue .  pantoliano has n't decided whom to vote for in novembe .
 how to have a mate and not put on weight <sec> trainer tracy anderson not surprised study says women with partners gain weight .  when people partner , she says , they get lax in eating , fitness habits .  sticking to rational diet , exercise plan and including mate key to staying slim , she says .  anderson : moving in together ? .  start fitness program no .
 10 quirkiest hotels in latin america <sec> hotels shaped like volcanoes or built in old passenger jets among more unusual accommodation available in latin america .  the lapa 's nest tree house in costa rica features rooms perched above the rainforest floor in a guanacaste tree .  the floors , ceilings and even the beds in bolivia 's palacio de sal are constructed out of sal .
 u.s. defense department ca n't account for billions for iraq , audit finds <sec> new : the u.s. is keeping iraq out of the loop on some projects , report says .  new : the u.s. embassy in iraq disagrees with that complaint .  the defense department ca n't account for about $ 2 billion in past spending , report says .  the department acknowledges a `` records management issue .
 voice of elmo quits after underage sex lawsuit filed <sec> `` kevin clash preyed on vulnerable teenage boys , '' the accuser 's lawyer says .  `` i am looking forward to resolving these personal matters privately , '' clash says .  suit claims clash `` persuaded , induced , coerced or enticed '' a 15-year-old into sex encounters .  it was filed a week after another accuser recanted a similar clai .
 latin american drug cartels find home in west africa <sec> guinea-bissau , fifth-poorest nation in the world , is called africa 's first narco-state .  officials : at least nine latin american drug cartels have set up bases in west africa .  west africa has little law enforcement , making it easier for traffickers there .  more money can be made selling drugs to europe than to the u.s. , officials sa .
 yemen : saudi airstrike hit school <sec> saudi military official accuses iran of training and arming rebels .  yemeni officials say school hit by airstrikes ; one source says three students killed .  noncombatants are caught up in yemen 's fightin .
 alex thomson : meet sailing 's 'david beckham ' <sec> alex thomson on the perils of sailing around the world and his one near-death experience .  briton had to be rescued by his nemesis mike golding , breaking his arm in the process .  thomson is preparing for his latest treacherous adventure at the end of the year .  in the sailing-obsessed vendee region of france , he is treated like david beckha .
 indian army tries to reach flood victims <sec> indian army troops use helicopters , boats to deliver supplies , rescue villagers .  new : survivor says he lost wife , children , parents , nine brothers .  india says more than 2 million affected , 225,000 homes destroyed by flooding .  ninety-five relief shelters and 44 health-care camps set u .
 ahmadinejad : jesus would stand with oppressed <sec> iranian president ahmadinejad to deliver christmas message on british tv .  ahmadinejad : if jesus was alive he would defend oppressed , fight injustice .  channel 4 has broadcast alternative to queen 's traditional message since 1993 .  network : relations between west , iran central role to world affairs in 200 .
 apple hints at 'exciting new product categories ' <sec> ceo tim cook : apple sees potential in some `` exciting new product categories '' .  observers see those remarks as evidence apple is making `` smartwatch , '' possibly a tv .  cook 's comments also suggest apple wo n't announce a major new product until this fal .
 affidavit : chandra levy suspect kept her photo in his cell <sec> new : affidavit says suspect kept a magazine photo of chandra levy in prison cell .  new : witnesses say suspect known as `` chuckie , '' like demonic movie doll .  an arrest warrant for ingmar guandique was signed tuesday .  levy disappeared in may 2001 ; her body was found a year late .
 tracking your body with technology <sec> many mobile apps are available to track eating , fitness , mood .  some people order medical tests to track biomarkers .  scientist larry smarr is using himself as an experiment in self-tracking .  extreme analyzing of blood , stool is n't recommended for everyon .
 leading women celebrates girls in stem : twitter chat <sec> how do we get girls into science , tech , engineering and math ? .  join our twitter chat with experts on oct 9 at 5pm gmt .  send in photos of girls rocking science , best featured on sit .
 lemaitre sprints to 100m gold as chambers misses on medal <sec> christophe lemaitre claims gold medal in 100m at european championships .  the 20-year-old sprinter clocks winning time of 10.11 seconds in barcelona .  britain 's mark lewis-francis handed silver medal in four-man photo finish on 10.18 .  jason smyth , the first legally blind athlete to compete , was fourth in lemaitre 's semifina .
 'mad men ' returns to lowest premiere in years <sec> `` mad men 's '' ratings were n't the greatest .  the second episode of amc 's `` turn '' had 1.9 million viewers .  `` game of thrones '' stayed strong with 6.3 million viewer .
 boy scout den leader dismissed for being a lesbian <sec> jennifer tyrrell was dismissed by her boy scout troop for being a lesbian .  tyrrell is now engaged in a campaign with the change.org .  u.s. supreme court overturned new jersey law requiring troop readmit gay scout master .  the girl scouts of america has a decades-old policy of nondiscriminatio .
 mississippi lawmakers pass controversial immigration bill <sec> the state 's house of representatives passed the bill thursday .  it now goes to the senate for approval .  the southern poverty law center opposes the measure .  it follows a wave of similar measures across the sout .
 traveling in style <sec> cnn goes to hollywood to get to grips with traveling in style .  top hollywood stylist shares tips on how to co-ordinate a wardrobe on the road .  two business travelers road test some stylish luggage on a trip to malt .
 police probe for anti-muslim motive in fire at london somali center <sec> the somali community center was extensively damaged .  graffiti apparently written by a far-right group was found on the building , police say .  police will boost patrols in the area , a senior officer say .
 in dagestan , a bomb wounds a government minister <sec> dagestan is in the turbulent caucasus region .  the minister suffered from minor injuries .  similar attacks killed his predecessor .
 antarctic ship trapped in sea ice should be rescued by friday <sec> new : a chinese icebreaker is about 15 miles ( 24 kilometers ) away from the vessel .  the first of three ice-breaking rescue ships should reach trapped vessel by friday .  `` between the three of them , we 're hoping to get out relatively quickly , '' leader says .  `` everyone is fine , the vessel is safe , '' expedition leader tells cnn via skyp .
 suspect in fatal new york cab crash charged with vehicular manslaughter <sec> suspect in fatal crash charged with vehicular manslaughter .  julio acevedo is accused in a wreck that killed nathan and raizy glauber and their son .  raizy glauber was pregnant , and the baby was delivered by cesarean but died .  acevedo was driving at nearly 70 mph , twice the speed limit , authorities sa .
 the maker of the dallas cowboys ' logo has died <sec> iconic coach tom landry hired jack eskridge before the cowboys ' first season .  the team needed a logo , and eskridge , the equipment manager made one .  he was a pro basketball player , his obituary say .
 dolphin dies after collision during sea world trick <sec> collision with another dolphin proves fatal to sea world animal .  dolphins were in center of lagoon , away from guests , when collision happened .  park statement calls collision `` an unfortunate , random incident .
 man arrested at heathrow airport on terrorism charges <sec> 19-year-old was man arrested at london 's heathrow airport .  the man was arrested on suspicion of preparing for terrorist acts .  scotland yard said arrest is not in response to any immediate risk or threa .
 defense secretary to u.s. troops in iraq : 'i want to make damn sure you 're protected ' <sec> defense secretary leon panetta says negotiations to keep u.s. troops in iraq is ongoing .  iraq 's leadership has agreed to keep american forces in iraq , but wo n't grant legal immunity .  panetta says any agreement must include legal protections for u.s. troops .  panetta made the comments during a meeting with american sailors in naples , ital .
 death of bin laden brings healing to old wounds <sec> the bible clearly justifies the killing of bin laden , a megachurch pastor says .  american muslims hope his death will lead to reconciliation .  widow : `` i feel better ... like i can start a new chapter in my life '' .  a college student shaves a friend 's hair into the letters `` usa .
 howard dean : i hope hillary clinton becomes president <sec> `` i am a huge hillary clinton fan , '' former vermont governor and dnc chairman says .  handicapping 2016 gop field , dean says clinton would `` mop the floor '' with rand paul .  dean says anyone who runs against clinton will have an `` uphill climb .
 police defend response to binghamton mass shooting <sec> authorities defend police response ; two funerals held sunday .  guns found at scene registered to suspected shooter , authorities say .  suspect was taking english classes , also upset at losing job , police say .  gunman kills 13 people , then self at binghamton , new york , immigration cente .
 who 's in charge ? no easy answer to that in mariupol , ukraine <sec> an easy calm has settled over mariupol , a city in the eastern part of ukraine .  separatists battled government supporters last month for control .  the strife has mostly come to an end , but no one seems to know who 's running the city .  key players in the drama are the city steelworker .
 'sex ' and 'romance ' inspire richard gere 's boutique hotel <sec> richard gere and carey lowell have a boutique hotel in upstate new york . .  the movie star couple 's 'luxury inn ' includes a yoga studio , bar , restaurant and cafe .  lowell says the hotel was designed to create an intimate , relaxed experienc .
 quest for success : be the hero of your career <sec> our careers are a hero 's journey -- a call to adventure , argues whitney johnson .  accepting the call to a new adventure may involve taking a demotion or pay cut , she says .  to be the hero in your own story , seek out the right kind of mentor .
 skybus becomes third airline this week to close <sec> low-cost carrier cites high price of jet fuel .  ata and aloha also closing after bankruptcy filings .  skybus says passengers can seek refunds from credit card firm .
 patagonian farmer follows herd instincts <sec> brian byrnes travels to the tip of south america to meet a pioneering family of farmers .  richard fenton employs `` holistic herding '' of sheep to improve yield for business and land .  continuing grazing on same land causes desertification of fragile grasslands .  fenton is part of a network which promotes sustainable methods to other farmers in south americ .
 ukrainian holocaust survivors forced to flee again <sec> international fellowship of christians and jews has brought 600 jews to israel since december .  the margolin family is among them ; their home in eastern ukraine was bombe .
 obama meets with mandela 's family in south africa <sec> new : president obama speaks with young africans at a town hall-style meeting in soweto .  obama meets with family members of nelson mandela in johannesburg .  ex-south african president f. w. de klerk suspends a european visit due to mandela illness .  obama 's trip will include a stop at robben island , where mandela spent time in priso .
 41st president george h.w . bush hospitalized <sec> president obama sends his well wishes for recovery .  george h.w . .  bush is the father of 43rd president george w. bush .  he is a republican and also served as vice president under ronald reagan .  bush `` senior '' is also known for his bravery as a navy pilot in world war i .
 undocumented student found guilty of driving without a license <sec> 22-year-old jessica colotl became a lighting rod in immigration debate this year .  the conviction carries maximum of 12 months in jail .  her lawyer says colotl will appeal the decisio .
 how google+ compares to facebook <sec> google is beginning to roll out a new social network called google+ .  google+ packs many of the same features as facebook but adds video chat .  the video chat feature puts the spotlight on whoever is talking the loudes .
 the 10 prettiest dresses of 2012 <sec> jessica chastain looks beautiful at `` madagascar 3 's '' cannes premiere .  keira knightley wore erdem to the los angeles premiere of `` anna karenina '' .  julianne moore took a risk at the 2012 emmy award .
