 navy catapults drone from aircraft carrier <sec> the launch from the uss george h.w . .  bush is called a `` watershed event '' .  the drone landed at an air station in maryland after a 65-minute flight .  the navy hopes to land a drone on a carrier this summe .
 state department criticizes iran for persecuting religious minorities <sec> state department concerned over iran 's ongoing persecution of baha'is , christians .  u.s. report claims iranian government creates `` threatening atmosphere '' for religious groups .  president mahmoud ahmadinejad decries west for ignoring monotheis .
 ryan seacrest 's home 'swatted ' <sec> seacrest joins a growing list of celebs `` swatted '' in recent months .  russell brand , rihanna , tom cruise are recent `` swatting '' targets .  `` swatting '' is a hoax 911 call that sends police rushing to the scene .  los angeles police are training to identify the prank call .
 new grandparents flee with family ; fire destroys home <sec> hundreds of homes are destroyed ; one family watched their home burn on tv news .  bill and karen moreau tried to flee to family home , but family had to leave that house , too .  they are staying a hotel with their 8-day-old grandchild .  officials : black forest fire has scorched close to 16,000 acres and killed at least two peopl .
 j-lo to 'cover up ' for jakarta <sec> promoter : dancer 's clothes will cover men 's chests , women 's cleavage .  sexual dance moves will have to resemble laughs , promoter adds .  near-sellout concert comes nearly six months after lady gaga canceled jakarta show .  lopez to perform in kuala lumpur , malaysia , on sunda .
 it 's a 'new ' day for taking back sunday <sec> taking back sunday 's new album is `` new again '' .  band 's previous album came out three years ago ; group happy to recharge .  group 's had some rough experiences , including knocking out bassist matt ruban .
 toshiba 's 13-inch excite : does the world need a tablet this large ? <sec> toshiba 's 13-inch excite tablet runs on google 's android 4.0 operating system .  the excite will weigh 2.2 pounds and measure only 0.4 inches thick .  the tablet sports a 1,600ã—900 screen resolution , a micro-usb port and a micro-hdmi por .
 internet addiction linked to adhd , depression in teens <sec> study found boys were at a higher risk of internet addiction than girls .  doctor : treatment for addiction can not involve simply abstaining from the internet .  internet addiction may be not as widespread in the u.s. as in asian countries .  it could become one of the most chronic childhood diseases in america , doctor say .
 americans kidnapped in egypt reunited with family , church group in israel <sec> new : michel louis says he offered himself as a hostage when gunmen took a parishioner .  new : `` we put our faith on god and he do n't let us down , '' louis says .  kidnappers seized the hostages friday , released them three days later .  the abduction occured in egypt 's sinai regio .
 ted nugent agrees to plea deal over illegal killing of black bear in alaska <sec> ted nugent agrees to plead guilty to a federal misdemeanor count .  nugent violated alaska state law by killing a bear , just days after he wounded another one .  he was charged with a federal count for transporting the dead bear .  nugent agrees to pay a $ 10,000 fine and serve two years probatio .
 woman needs 4 organs to survive <sec> doctors predicted molly pearce would n't live past her first year .  she lost all four organs after a negative reaction to a blood transfusion .  pearce says she `` at least wanted to try '' to get better .  flood sisters kidney foundation of america tries to find pearce a dono .
 brad pitt on love , sex and fatherhood <sec> brad pitt gave a candid interview to parade magazine .  says he stands by not marrying angelina jolie until it 's `` legal for everyone else '' .  actor says he loves being a father to six childre .
 cnn vote count : constituents drown out obama <sec> lawmakes who plan to vote against military action say their constituents oppose it .  the number of those who plan to vote `` no '' grew significantly over the weekend .  obama will take his pitch to capitol hill on tuesday to try to find more `` yes '' vote .
 george zimmerman 's wife pleads guilty to perjury charge <sec> shellie zimmerman will be on probation for one year .  she must also file a letter of apology to presiding judge .  she was accused of lying during a bond hearing for her husband in 201 .
 eto'o hat-trick helps inter thrash werder <sec> samuel eto'o scored a hat-trick as inter milan thrashed werder bremen 4-0 .  tottenham are awarded three penalties in their 4-1 victory over dutch side fc twente .  schalke and lyon both record victories in group b over benfica and hapoel tel avi .
 five detained as investigators probe deadly russian nightclub fire <sec> at least five people detained in relation to fire that engulfed russian nightclub .  109 people were killed when a performance artist juggled cold-flame pyrotechnical maces .  around 130 people were injured , with dozens were in critical condition .  shocked residents placed flowers outside the burned club in memory of the victim .
 new york tv anchor resigns after wife-choking accusation <sec> rob morrison was accused of choking his wife , ashley morrison of cbs moneywatch .  rob morrison : `` i need to put all of my time and energy '' into doing right by family .  `` family is my first and only priority right now , '' former wcbs anchor say .
 the return of jihadist commander 'mr . marlboro ' <sec> jihadist moktar belmoktar appears to be back on the stage .  he had claimed responsibility for a deadly attack on an algerian gas facility .  in video , he trains fighters and pays tribute to fallen commande .
 source : jail time at heart of collapse of plea talks in edwards case <sec> john edwards insisted on `` minimal '' impact on his youngest kids , source says .  justice department wanted six months ' jail time , newspaper reports .  ex-candidate indicted on charges of breaking campaign finance law .
 ben ali 's nephew appeals sentence ; tunisian appeals court doubles it <sec> trabelsi was sentenced in may to a two-year term .  he is still to be tried as part of cases filed against ben ali and his relatives .  the former tunisian president has been sentenced to 36 years in prison .  the ousted leader and his wife are living in saudi arabia and were tried in absenti .
 o'brien makes history in ireland victory <sec> ireland 's kevin o'brien scores the fastest ton in cricket world cup history .  o'brien takes just 50 balls to reach three figures in ireland 's three-wicket win .  ireland fight back from 111-5 to reach 329-7 with still five balls remaining .  ireland 's victory marks the highest second innings run chase in world cup histor .
 video released of deadly police shooting in tulsa <sec> `` slip and capture '' explains why deputy shot suspect , investigator says .  sheriff 's office says a reserve deputy thought he had pulled out a taser .  instead , he shot the suspect , who later died at a local hospita .
 snowden meets with rights groups , seeks temporary asylum in russia <sec> snowden has not yet submitted an asylum application , migration chief tells russian media .  white house says russia is giving `` a propaganda platform '' to edward snowden .  obama , putin discuss security , bilateral issues including snowden .  half a dozen rights group representatives meet with him at sheremetyevo airpor .
 how to ride hong kong 's tram system <sec> hong kong 's trams have been riding the rails for 110 years .  a tram ride is one of the best ways to experience hong kong .  numbers 120 and 169 are special trams to look out for .  trams heading through chun yeung street in north point pass through a wet marke .
 london tips from cnn cameraman 's point of view <sec> the london eye offers the best views of the city , cnn cameraman says .  gordon ramsay 's restaurant petrus is excellent for a special occasion .  double-decker bus tours are a good way to get an overview of the cit .
 cricketer warne engaged to actress hurley <sec> australian cricket legend shane warne and actress elizabeth hurley have become engaged .  couple confirme news on their twitter pages , saying : `` thanks for all your congratulations '' .  warne , 42 , proposed to hurley , 46 , on friday at st. andrews in scotlan .
 david bowie to release album of new songs - producer <sec> david bowie will release another album featuring new material , producer tony visconti reveals .  visconti played down any suggestion that bowie might tour the new material .  bowie released `` the next day , '' his first music for a decade last year , without warnin .
 nearly all british troops pulling out of iraq <sec> almost all british troops in iraq are being pulled out .  agreement that allows them to be there expires on friday .  only about dozen british troops will remain to help train iraqi polic .
 south korea to stage 2010 f1 grand prix <sec> south korea will stage its first formula one grand prix in 2010 , fia announce .  the korean grand prix is set for october 17 in a 19-race formula 1 calendar .  season opens in bahrain on march 14 and the final race takes place in brazi .
 obama wants new approach after shutdown <sec> president obama says nation ca n't `` degenerate into hatred '' .  republican split on display after shutdown debacle .  the government is funded through january 15 and the debt ceiling through february 7 .  new : aide to ted cruz says senator not ruling anything in or out on another possible shutdow .
 george bush picks jeb over 'sister-in-law ' hillary - cnnpolitics.com <sec> former president george w. bush says hillary clinton is his 'sister-in-law ' .  bush said he thinks his brother , jeb , would win a presidential contest against clinto .
 new twisters kill 5 in tornado traumatized oklahoma , storms move east <sec> storms move east , causing damage in missouri and illinois .  a mother and child were killed in the oklahoma storms , an official says .  at least 71 others were injured in oklahoma .  oklahoma city covered in flood water .
 'insider ' attack takes life of british soldier in afghanistan <sec> new : six other isaf soldiers are wounded , official says .  the attack occurred on a patrol base in helmand .  the deceased soldier 's family has been informed .  more than 50 died last year in similar attack .
 vietnam 's first mcdonald 's opens in ho chi minh city <sec> vietnam 's first mcdonald 's restaurant opened in ho chi minh city on february 8 .  restaurant opened by business man nguyen bao hoang , who once worked in a u.s. mcdonald 's .  vietnam already home to american fast food chains like subway , burger king , kf .
 pope holds outdoor mass despite typhoon <sec> pope francis celebrates outdoor mass in stormy weather .  typhoon mekkhala could also make another mass , on sunday , a wet , windy service in manila .  francis to meet with survivors of 2013 's super typhoon haiya .
 returning to tacloban months after haiyan 's fury <sec> typhoon haiyan hit the philippines in november , devastating towns such as tacloban .  cnn 's andrew stevens returns to the city almost seven months on .  landscape littered with wrecked cars , torn-down trees slowly replaced by signs of rebuildin .
 uk pm david cameron mobbed by protesters in sri lanka <sec> sri lanka is hosting the commonwealth heads of government meeting .  it follows criticism of sri lanka 's human rights record after long civil war with tamil rebels .  the prime ministers of canada , india and mauritius opted not to attend .  british prime minister david cameron said he would attend to focus attention on sri lank .
 unicef : ukraine crisis hurting 1.7 million children <sec> unicef : more than 1.7 million children in ukraine face `` extremely serious '' situation .  many families are without safe water , sanitation and access to schooling , u.n. agency says .  147 schools are currently closed in parts of the donetsk region where fighting continues .  `` harsh winter conditions have made the impact of the crisis more acute , '' says unicef officia .
 2013 : the state of the startups <sec> in 2013 , the startup world is competitive , fragmented and fast moving .  internet-enabled devices , wearable tech are hot trends .  motion control and other new ways of interacting with computers also emerging .  with cnn 10 : startups , cnn tech highlights emerging companie .
 taliban behind attack that killed 3 americans <sec> the attacker is also killed .  the americans were contractor .
 - cnn.com <sec> prince harry joins british military exercises in california and arizona .  as `` captain wales , '' he is flying apache helicopter gunships .  he saw combat in afghanistan in late 2007 and early 200 .
 typhoon maysak barrels toward the philippines <sec> maysak has sustained winds of more than 130 mph but is expected to weaken .  it 's forecast to hit the philippines during the easter weeken .
 pentagon shooter had history of mental health problems <sec> john patrick bedell 's family says `` actions were caused by an illness '' .  bedell appears to have railed against government repeatedly on internet .  officials say bedell , 36 , shot 2 officers outside pentagon before being fatally shot thursda .
 adrian peterson plays through pain of son 's death <sec> nfl running back plays two days after learning a son had died .  adrian peterson said he never thought about sitting out sunday 's game .  `` god wants good to come from it , '' fox sports reported peterson said in a text message .  peterson 's minnesota vikings lost 35-10 to the carolina panthers in sunday 's gam .
 monument to bush shoe-throwing shines at iraqi orphanage <sec> fiberglass , copper sculpture of shoe thrown at former president bush unveiled .  orphans help artist build the $ 5,000 sculpture displayed at the orphanage .  director : monument is a gift to next generation to remember heroic action .  orphans who helped build shoe `` were the victims of bush 's war , '' director say .
 chinese court rejects appeal by disgraced former top official bo xilai <sec> new : bo interrupted and angered judge during court session , source tells cnn .  court rejects bo xilai 's appeal against his conviction and life sentence .  ruling ends one of china 's messiest political scandals .  bo was found guilty of all three charges brought against him by the prosecutio .
 190 pounds lost , she finished a triathlon <sec> annette miller was selected to be a part of 2013 fit nation triathlon challenge program .  miller lost 100 pounds before joining the program and close to another 100 during it .  miller and her teammates completed the nautica malibu triathlo .
 five credit cards every traveler should consider <sec> put your spending power into a credit card program that values your thirst for traveling .  chase sapphire preferred is best for globetrotters .  continental airlines onepass plus chase mastercard suits those flying united/continenta .
 india welcomes myanmar military leader <sec> gen. than shwe is on a five-day trip to india .  the countries have strong diplomatic and economic ties .  bilateral trade between india and myanmar has soared to almost $ 1 billion .  the junta leader 's visit comes after u.s. asks india and other neighbors to push for refor .
 what happened the night trayvon martin died <sec> george zimmerman shot and killed trayvon martin on february 26 .  new details released thursday show how police crafted their case .  martin was pronounced dead minutes after police arrived .  zimmerman had a bloody nose and head , photographs sho .
 serena romps to fifth wimbledon title against brave radwanska <sec> serena williams wins fifth wimbledon crown .  american beats agnieszka radwanska of poland 6-1 5-7 6-2 .  radwanska battles respiratory illness to extend the american .  williams sisters claim their fifth doubles title at wimbledon late .
 prosecutors focus on victims , crime scene at anthony sowell trial <sec> anthony sowell has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity .  during opening statements , the prosecution showed pictures of the scene .  the defense said there is no evidence to prove sowell committed the killing .
 gay pride groups appear at u.s. military academies <sec> after repeal of `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' policy , cadets are reaching out , forming alliances .  norwich university has lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender , questioning and allies club .  in december , u.s. coast guard cadets formed a gay-straight alliance group at the academy .  at the u.s. military academy at west point , cadets are forming a spectrum student grou .
 iran says it 's implementing interim nuclear deal <sec> u.s. and eu suspend some sanctions for 6 months .  all voluntary steps will be done by monday evening , iran says .  iran struck the deal in november in exchange for lighter sanctions from western powers .  state media : iran starts eliminating its stockpile of higher levels of enriched uraniu .
 the dingle peninsula : escape to pure ireland <sec> rick steves writes european travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows .  his tv series , `` rick steves ' europe , '' airs on pbs stations .  steves ' company , europe through the back door , conducts european tour .
 your football team needs you ! <sec> have you got what it takes to be a reporter for your favorite team ? .  as part of cnn 's coverage we want fans to talk about their clubs -- click on the badge below to sign up .  if you keep up with the latest news and have opinions we want to hear the .
 dream debut for rickie lambert to win football 's oldest rivalry <sec> england beat scotland 3-2 in friendly international at wembley .  winner scored by rickie lambert on his debut at 31 years of age .  paraguay hold germany in six-goal thriller in kaiserlautern .  argentina win 2-1 in italy with gonzalo higuain scoring opene .
 ignore the publicity whores <sec> dean obeidallah : there are people who always seek attention and the spotlight .  obeidallah : do we really need to hear another ridiculous comment from them ? .  statements made by people in power -- or those seeking it -- ca n't be ignored , he says .  obeidallah : next time we hear these people spew their garbage , let 's walk awa .
 'lipstick on a pig ' : attack on palin or common line ? <sec> new : barack obama slams republicans for `` lies '' and `` swift boat politics '' .  obama said tuesday `` you can put lipstick on a pig , but it 's still a pig '' .  mccain camp says line was an attack on palin ; obama camp says it was not .  many politicians have used the line ; former mccain adviser used it in her book titl .
 the lowdown on nfl draft <sec> top college talent is selected in nfl draft .  over 250 players are selected by 32 teams -- in reverse order according to the previous year 's standings .  the draft is held in new york city 's radio city music hall .  event hugely popular with nfl fan .
 'rock stars do n't need oil , ' neil young says <sec> young is on a concert tour to protest oil sands projects .  the canadian prime minister 's spokesman says even rock stars need oil .  young says he does n't need it for his `` lincvolt '' modified lincol .
 rand paul dives back into ferguson debate - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rand paul wrote a column for time following the decision in ferguson .  he said that politicians are to blame in ferguson and elsewhere .  individuals , he argued , are ultimately responsible for their own fate .  his comments are part of his aggressive minority outreac .
 australia to announce new search area for missing mh370 <sec> new : malaysian police : a report about a pilot being the prime suspect is wrong .  australia transport safety bureau will announce a new search area wednesday .  analysts have been re-evaluating satellite dat .
 opinion : what it will take to stop the gaza carnage <sec> aaron miller and josh nason : three elements are needed for a cease-fire .  they say both sides need to have urgency about ending the gaza clash .  an acceptable agreement and a mediator also must be in place , they say .  authors : hamas is looking for some way to claim a victory from the confrontatio .
