 joint hosts gabon open with victory <sec> joint hosts nation gabon defeat niger 2-0 in africa cup of nations group c .  pierre-emerick aubameyang and stephane nguema score the goals for gabon .  tunisia defeat north african rivals morocco 2-1 in monday 's other group matc .
 cnn student news - october 21 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 experimental spacex rocket self-detonates over texas <sec> the rocket self-destructed as a safety measure .  it 's a common practice in the aerospace industry .  the experimental f9r can land on its feet and is designed to be reusable .  reusable rockets could be useful for travel to mars -- and back agai .
 fbi : 'sovereign citizens ' fraudulently taking over foreclosed homes <sec> fbi says `` sovereign citizens '' do n't recognize most government authority .  more are moving into foreclosed homes in the atlanta area .  agency , center link members to criminal act .
 german , french leaders meet ahead of crisis summit <sec> the european union is considering a drastic overhaul of its powers .  french president nicolas sarkozy hosts german chancellor angela merkel .  they disagree on how much authority the eu should have over national budgets .  ireland is set to unveil new budget-cutting measure .
 meet rich froning , crossfit 's fittest man on earth <sec> rich froning secured his fourth consecutive title as fittest man on earth .  froning : our bodies were n't made to sit on a machine and do single joint movements .  crossfit also includes running , swimming , rowing and bikin .
 gertrude baines , world 's oldest person , dies at 115 <sec> gertrude baines dies at age 115 , was world 's oldest person .  baines credited longevity to god , not drinking or smoking .  baines was oldest african-american to vote for president obam .
 four boys killed in roof collapse as storms batter spain , france <sec> new : in france , woman on respirator dies when home loses power .  six people killed elsewhere in spain in separate incidents .  stormy weather hits spain , france , with winds of up to 99 mph .  electricite de france : power lost to 1.2 million home .
 investigation into possible leaks in michael jackson case <sec> vivid descriptions of jackson 's corpse are published by tabloid newspapers .  l.a. officials ask sheriff to conduct preliminary inquiry .  a sheriff 's spokesman did not say what prompted the request .  the coroner 's office is investigating the cause of jackson 's june 25 deat .
 hong kong occupy central protests : five things to know <sec> pro-democracy activists launch a campaign to `` occupy '' the city 's financial district .  their goal is to pressure china into giving the former british colony full universal suffrage .  not everyone shares the activists goal but many residents are unhappy .  china says that hong kong does not enjoy `` full autonomy .
 judge denies , for now , plea to move trial of smart kidnapping suspect <sec> brian david mitchell 's attorneys say the trial should be moved .  mitchell is set to stand trial november 1 .  a judge ruled earlier this year that mitchell is competent to stand trial .  his wife is cooperating with authoritie .
 former israeli prime minister ehud olmert convicted in bribery scandal <sec> a judge says ehud olmert took bribes from a developer while he was mayor of jerusalem .  the developer had been previously convicted of bribing olmert and other officials .  sentencing is set for april 2 .
 zakaria : iran regime has become a 'naked dictatorship ' <sec> zakaria says most likely that iran regime will reassert order , for now .  but , he says , iran has lost facade of islamic and democratic political ideals .  best strategy on iran 's nuclear program could be to do nothing , he says .  zakaria says until west hears back on offer for talks , it does n't need to get engage .
 immigration lawsuit revives dream act debate <sec> ten immigration agents challenge the administration over halting some deportations .  legal analyst jeffrey toobin : the lawsuit has no legal standing .  at issue is a move to allow children of illegal immigrants to study and work in america .  opponents of the policy call it backdoor amnest .
 report : executions rise in 2013 , china tops the list <sec> amnesty study says executions jumped by 15 percent in 2013 .  china executed more people than rest of world combined .  a dramatic rise in executions was reported in iran and iraq .  there 's no evidence capital punishment deters crime , report say .
 campaign money : reveal corporate donations ( opinion ) <sec> lisa gilbert : more than a million have commented on sec regulation of political spending .  she says it 's vital that corporations disclose political contributions they make .  political donations can clash with stockholders ' views and put brands at risk , she says .  gilbert : sec should give priority to issuing a rule that requires corporate disclosur .
 7 low-cost gifts to keep mom healthy on mother 's day <sec> forget conventional flowers and chocolate , try healthy gifts for mother 's day .  give the gift of ( your ) time and support at the doctor 's office .  rather than artery-clogging brunch , spring for a visit with nutritionis .
 kenya mall attack : additional suspect arrested <sec> kenya 's interior minister says 9 people tied to mall attack are in custody .  authorities have interviewed 156 witnesses so far , he says .  lenku : there are no missing persons reports ; red cross said 59 are missing .  he calls a u.s. advisory on kenya `` uncalled for , unnecessary and unfriendly .
 hackers stole data on pentagon 's newest fighter jet <sec> intruders got access to joint strike fighter info through contractor computers .  hackers also gained entry to air force 's air traffic control systems .  officials insist that no highly classified information was taken .  f-35 lightning ii jet is designed to be used by all branches of militar .
 saudi journalist sentenced to 60 lashes <sec> journalist rosanna al-yami works for network that aired show on taboos .  man 's sexual boasts on show led to five-year prison sentence .  journalist was n't involved in setting up tv episode , lawyer says .  saudi authorities shut down network 's offices in jeddah and riyadh after interview aire .
 an emotional fight over land for flight 93 memorial <sec> hijacked united flight 93 crashed in pennsylvania during the 9/11 attacks .  national park service says it needs to start construction soon .  emotional debate on eminent domain has thrown a wrench in the plan .
 rosetta comet chaser close to 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko <sec> if successful , the rosetta mission will be the first to orbit and land on a comet .  scientists hope to learn more about the composition of comets .  the robotic lander philae is due to touch down in november .  could comets have brought water to the earth ? .  rosetta may help answer the questio .
 cat sanctuary intern 'was living her dream , ' her father says <sec> new : victim 's father says he had `` premonition ... .  i would get a call like this , '' just not so soon .  new : `` everybody loved '' dianna hanson at the big cat sanctuary , an official there says .  the lion opened a gate and got into a main enclosure , killing the woman , the coroner says .  the intern killed by the lion died of a `` broken neck '' and `` did not suffer , '' he add .
 india drug exec charged after sterilization deaths <sec> official : the head of mahawar pharmaceuticals and his son are arrested .  executive allegedly tampered with and destroyed evidence , the official says .  twelve who died after surgeries took an antibiotic from the company , he says .  the surgeon is charged with negligence , attempted culpable homicid .
 new al qaeda document sheds light on europe , u.s. attack plans <sec> it was written by younis al-mauretani , a senior al qaeda planner .  he is believed to have been behind an ambitious plan to hit `` soft '' targets in europe .  he proposed that al qaeda recruits take jobs with companies transporting gasolin .
 michael jackson tapes reveal his soul , former adviser says <sec> former confidant 's book based on 30 hours of interviews with michael jackson .  jackson told rabbi shmuley boteach he was still `` scared of my father to this day '' .  jackson said brooke shields `` was one of the loves of my life '' .  king of pop said father would strip him naked and beat him , according to boo .
 one year on : has the olympics left a legacy ? <sec> comres poll : 22 % of the public feel the games have had a positive impact on the local economy .  in the second-quarter , the u.k. grew by 0.6 % , double the rate of expansion for the first three months of 2013 .  mayor of london boris johnson said that the success of the olympics and paralympics has spurred investmen .
 9/11 museum documentary stirs controversy on eve of opening <sec> national september 11 memorial museum in new york opens thursday .  a seven-minute museum film entitled `` the rise of al qaeda '' is controversial .  the use of words such as `` jihad '' and `` islamist '' is criticized by muslim americans , others .  `` no one will ... think that we are indicting an entire religion , '' museum president say .
 'someone could get hurt ' : q & a ; with drew magary <sec> drew magary is known for his rants as a contributor for deadspin and gq .  magary has written a parenthood memoir called `` someone could get hurt '' .  he says he 's matured and calmed down in the course of becoming a fathe .
 employing the fun theory <sec> swedish advertising agency created viral videos called 'the fun theory ' .  shot on streets of stockholm , turned public stairwell into a piano keyboard .  another video turned a bottle bank into an arcade gam .
 serb ex-president cleared of war crimes <sec> u.n. tribunal clears ex-serb president milan milutinovic of war crimes .  milutinovic , 4 other top serbs officials face charges of crimes against humanity .  allegations centered on serb-led campaign in kosovo in 199 .
 girl , 9 , details rape in congo to photographer <sec> un : 200,000 women , girls raped in democratic republic of congo in last 12 years .  photographer sherrlyn borkgren met a girl who detailed being raped by soldiers .  `` two soldiers nabbed her , put a bag over her head and pulled her into the bushes '' .  aid worker : congo `` is one of the worst places in the world to be a woman or girl .
 gazprom : russia 's most powerful company <sec> russia 's gazprom one of world 's most powerful energy companies .  gazprom controls 20 percent of world 's natural gas reserves .  russian government owns controlling stake ; company made $ 61b last year .  kremlin has used gazprom to exert influence over former soviet state .
 government , bp spar over size of oil leak <sec> white house aide , bp official differ on who gave initial estimates on size of leak .  browner says bp had financial incentive to downplay size of leak .  bp official says estimate figures came from government satellite imaging .  congressman says bp has proven to be untrustworth .
 'hand of god ' rock being sold on ebay <sec> idaho man places `` hand of god '' rock for sale on ebay .  paul grayhek says hand-like formation appeared in his backyard during lent .  winning bidder on ebay would get `` exclusive rights '' to roc .
 uganda bombings : why the world should care <sec> somali militants claim reponsibility for bomb attacks that killed dozens in uganda .  uganda possibly targeted because of its activities in somalia .  al-shabaab group has issued previous threats against uganda .  analysts say there could be global implications for businesses across afric .
 'sopranos ' actress dies at 46 <sec> denise borino-quinn played the wife of mob boss johnny sacramoni .  she got the part in an open casting call in 2000 .  the cause of death was cance .
 plane spotters seek 'wayne 's world ' thrills <sec> countless plane spotters travel the globe photographing aircraft .  maho beach on st. maarten may be the most famous spotting destination .  other popular spots include jfk , lga , lax , manchester uk .  tips from expert : carry id , wear a smile , stay off airport ground .
 can u.s. apply lessons learned from 'war on terror ' in nigeria ? <sec> uk , u.s. have denounced boko haram 's abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls in nigeria .  richard dowden says their reaction has given the militant group the publicity it craves .  nigeria 's government has long ignored the area where boko haram is based , he says .  he says necessary development there is a bigger task than any military interventio .
 mexico seizes utility company <sec> new : service wo n't be interrupted as another company will take over , officials say .  officials cite high operation costs and losses , and labor liabilities for raid .  company ensnared in a labor dispute between federal officials and a union .  500 police officers seized the company 's facilities in mexico cit .
 after cutting force by half , crime-ridden camden rehires 50 cops <sec> facing a $ 26.5 million budget gap , camden laid off police and firefighters .  the january layoffs took 168 officers and 67 firefighters off the payroll .  now , the city is rehiring 50 of those officers with money from a state fund .  the mayor says a long-term budget solution is still neede .
 sochi 's formula for the future : 'fantasy ' becomes reality <sec> f1 chief bernie ecclestone backs russian president vladimir putin 's way of working .  sochi hosts russia 's inaugural grand prix in october 2014 .  sochi gp promoter oleg zabara says $ 330 million spent on circuit .  track site in 2010 `` was a big hole , '' says german track designer hermann tilk .
 motorist thanks man who pulled him from milwaukee sinkhole <sec> `` the road just went out from under me , '' driver says .  mark pawlik was walking past thursday evening when he saw suv disappear .  lance treankler suffered only cuts and bruise .
 man allegedly uses stun gun on fans at jets game <sec> new : procedures for pat downs were in effect , stadium official says .  three men were hurt in an upperdeck scuffle at metlife stadium .  police say leroy t. mckelvey was able to sneak a stun gun into the stadium .  video posted on youtube apparently captures the aftermath of the alleged attac .
 golf stars getting younger : chinese 12 year-old to make history <sec> a 12-year-old chinese golfer will become youngest european tour player .  ye wocheng finished third at a qualifier for may 's china open .  guan tianlang will become the youngest player in masters history .  the 14 year-old played at last year 's china ope .
 international leaders push for military intervention in mali <sec> ecowas chairman calls for `` immediate deployment of international troops '' .  the meeting included officials from the eu , u.n. and west african states .  mali was plunged into chaos in march after a military ruler overthrew the presiden .
 'hot putter ' snedeker one of four wild card picks by u.s. captain love <sec> u.s. ryder cup team for match against europe finalized .  jim furyk , steve stricker , brandt snedeker and dustin johnson wild card picks .  snedeker will be fourth ryder cup rookie in team for match at medinah later this month .  europe hold the trophy after home win at celtic manor two years ag .
 protests , boycott calls as anger grows over russia anti-gay laws <sec> usa track and field says the iaaf has guaranteed athletes wo n't be hit by the law .  there are concerns that gay athletes , visitors at the sochi winter olympics may be at risk .  protesters plan to dump russian vodka to protest the new anti-gay propaganda law .  international olympic committee : russia assures it that the law wo n't be applie .
 global swine flu deaths top 1,100 <sec> who : swine flu deaths up 338 in recent days to 1,154 in total worldwide .  who : virus spreads in 6 weeks as far as most viruses spread in 6 months .  u.s. plans to vaccinate nearly 160m americans ahead of winter `` flu season '' .  glaxosmithkline has signed deals to provide 291 million doses of vaccine this yea .
 co2 levels hit new peak at key observatory <sec> carbon dioxide levels have reached historic high at hawaii observatory .  carbon dioxide changes climate and drives acidification of the ocean , experts say .  scientists expected this carbon dioxide level but say it 's a warning sig .
 police : islamist militants hijack bus in kenya at dawn , kill dozens <sec> gunmen asked passengers to recite quran verses , official says .  official : those who could not were sprayed with bullets .  this is one of the busiest travel seasons in the country because of the holidays .  the bus was heading from mandera , near the somali borde .
 most twitter users access service from their phones , study says <sec> 54 % of twitter users access the social media service through their mobile phone , study shows .  new pew study did not examine which types of phones mobile tweeters use .  it said that 16 % of college-educated adult internet users are on twitter .  it also said that 25 % of adult african-americans who use the internet are on twitte .
 90-year-old woman battles to save turkey 's loggerhead turtles <sec> turkey 's dalyan delta was used as the backdrop for the 1951 film `` the african queen '' .  june haimoff , who came to dalyan in the 1970s , was instrumental in blocking plans to build a hotel complex .  haimoff , known as kaptan june among locals , has dedicated her life to saving the local loggerhead turtle .
 sketch released of man suspected of assaulting sorority alumnae <sec> plano , texas , police distribute composite sketch of the sexual assault suspect .  four women in their 50s and 60s were allegedly attacked while at home alone , police say .  they were all alumnae of the delta sigma theta sorority .  the alleged attacker , black and in his 30s or 40s , knew personal info about his victim .
 mr and mr : tasmania set to back same sex marriage <sec> tasmanian parliament will introduce the same-sex marriage bill this week .  tasmania could become the first state in australia to legalize same sex marriage .  pm julia gillard , opposition leader tony abbott say marriage is vow between man and woman .  robbie moore and matt hastings have faced much prejudice but now hope to marr .
 flavors of india , america at obamas ' first state dinner <sec> dinner in honor of indian premier will take place on white house south lawn .  floral arrangements intended to pay homage to the indian peacock .  dinner reflecting indian and american flavors uses herbs from white house garde .
 unlocking new smartphone becomes harder saturday <sec> unlocking smartphone bought after saturday illegal without carrier 's permission .  unlocking is no longer exempt under the digital millennium copyright act .  older phones purchased before this saturday can still be unlocked anytim .
 brrrr ! a wintery cold snap has rolled in over midwest and northeast <sec> temperatures in the midwest are 10 to 15 degrees colder than average , weather service says .  a belt of freeze and frost is covering a swath from missouri to pennsylvania .  early freezing temperatures could endanger crops in the midwest and southeast .  the first pitch in first game of the world series cut through cold ai .
 pat sajak catches heat for global warming tweet <sec> pat sajak provokes firestorm with tweet .  `` i now believe global warming alarmists are unpatriotic racists , '' he posted .  some react with reason , others with ridicule .  sajak says he was just jokin .
 malawi gay couple jailed for indecency , unnatural acts <sec> new : sentence `` sends a strong , unacceptable message , '' amnesty says .  gay couple found guilty of gross indecency , unnatural acts jailed for 14 years .  they were charged under malawi 's colonial-era sodomy laws .  the malawi law society said prosecution driven by prejudic .
 'game of thrones ' author : why he wrote the red wedding <sec> george r.r . .  martin explains why robb had to die .  he said reactions have been both positive and negative .  martin said it was the hardest scene he ever had to writ .
 meles zenawi , ethiopia 's premier and key u.s. ally , dies at 57 <sec> obama praises meles zenawi 's `` unyielding commitment to ethiopia 's poor '' .  he supported `` everything the united states wanted to do against terror , '' an expert says .  critics point out his efforts to stifle political opposition and silence journalists .  he came to power as part of a guerrilla insurgency against a dictato .
 cholera outbreak could hurt haiti 's rice production <sec> farmers are afraid to harvest in paddies they believe are contaminated .  a reduced rice crop could lead to food shortages .  some aid groups call the cholera response in haiti inadequat .
 opinion : why do we care more when white women are in peril ? <sec> lisa bloom : americans are obsessed with the perils of young , attractive white women .  she says titillating stories such as the arias , knox and cleveland cases draw coverage .  she says a huge number of black men tried for crimes ignored , as are crimes against nonwhites .  bloom : a nation of equals must focus on worthy cases regardless of race or gende .
