 touring ho chi minh city in a retro vespa mob <sec> american steve mueller started a tour company in ho chi minh city offering tours on vespa .  mueller says it 's the best way to see the city and beyond , riding side by side with locals .  scooters are driven by experienced local drivers with tour guide and mechanic accompanying each tou .
 delta captain locked out of cockpit <sec> delta captain was locked out of cockpit .  co-pilot safely landed the aircraft without assistanc .
 zelaya says he nixed proposal for new honduras president <sec> former leader returned to country this week , has been staying in embassy .  i 'll stay here in the brazilian embassy as long as it takes , '' he says .  de facto president says zelaya wo n't be removed from embassy .  new leader begs media to come cover `` the real true country .
 u.s. reveals secret plans for '60s moon base <sec> `` project horizon '' proposed a leap beyond the soviets in the space race .  the u.s. army said a military base on the moon was a `` requirement '' .  military officials considered the detonation of a nuclear device near the moon .  the military outpost was to have bulldozers , cabins , nuclear power plant .
 idaho lab says 17 workers exposed to radiation <sec> the exposure happened at the idaho national laboratory .  workers were exposed to low-level radiation from plutonium , the lab says .  they were transported to an on-site medical center and are undergoing evaluation .  there is no risk to the public or environment , the lab say .
 'm ' word on lips of mj fans vying to get inside doctor 's trial <sec> fans throng courthouse for trial of michael jackson 's doctor .  conrad murray charged with manslaughter , not murder , in death of pop star .  people from france , spain and australia vie for precious few seats inside .  some dress in mj 's honor , read psalms and chant `` justice for michael .
 ashley judd pressing charges against twitter trolls <sec> ashley judd says she was attacked by twitter trolls after a critical tweet about basketball .  judd , an actor and women 's rights advocate , has vowed to press charge .
 meet the man who started # nbcfail <sec> steven marx , 48 , is credited with starting the # nbcfail meme .  marx , a web designer from illinois , says he does n't deserve much credit .  he found it annoying that he could n't watch the games live online .  the meme has become a major thread of online conversatio .
 thousands of crocodiles rescued from smugglers in china <sec> chinese police intercepted more than 3,600 crocodiles near china-vietnam border .  it is believed the animals were headed to restaurants in nearby guangdong province .  the siamese crocodiles are near extinction in the wild , though they are bred in captivity .  southern china provinces made up nearly 70 % of all chinese animal trafficking last yea .
 romney did obama a huge favor <sec> david frum : conservatives have pushed for a more ideological approach to the campaign .  he says that in paul ryan , conservatives get their wish but it may come back to haunt them .  by picking a running mate with a plan to change medicare , romney gives obama an issue .  frum : ryan 's long-term fiscal fix does nothing to deal with the causes of current economic slowdow .
 loving life in paris ' empire of the dead <sec> beneath the streets of the french capital lies a hidden , macabre parisian playground .  the catacombs are also the last resting place for six million people .  adventurous parisians use the underground network as a place to party and relax .  one said : you are free to invent yourself again , to be somebody els .
 pentagon allows coverage of war coffins <sec> defense secretary robert gates says families will have final say on each coffin .  group says , `` military families were not consulted nor their wishes honored '' .  another family group says it `` appreciates the sensitivity '' of the secretary .  gates ordered review after president requested info on longstanding ba .
 real madrid win cuts barcelona 's lead <sec> real madrid reduce barcelona 's lead at the top of the primera liga to three points .  madrid come from behind to secure a hard-fought 2-1 victory at almeria .  cristiano ronaldo scores a stunning goal to bring madrid back into the gam .
 fbi asks for help to find missing boy <sec> dominick arceneaux last seen by an aunt tuesday in chidester , arkansas .  fbi says it has made an `` exhaustive search '' of nearby white oak lake .  investigators looking at sex offenders in area and have found boy 's father .  special agent : `` we have not ruled anyone out at this point .
 u.s. diplomat in ethiopia found dead <sec> u.s. embassy says a criminal investigation is under way .  authorities found brian adkins dead over the weekend .  u.s. official says it was adkins first tour of duty as a foreign service officer .  there were no apparent threats against adkin .
 weekly paper seeks medical marijuana dispensary reviewer <sec> weekly publication westword in denver , colorado , marijuana-dispensary reviewer .  paper wants to cover `` burgeoning medical marijuana scene '' says web editor .  colorado is one of 14 states where medical marijuana is legal by state law .  federal law still bans its us .
 report : bahraini authorities detail terror suspects ' ties to iran <sec> new : state-run iranian media describes the report as `` anti-iran political theater '' .  bahrain announced saturday that 5 alleged `` terrorist cell '' members had been arrested .  a prosecutor 's spokesman offers details sunday to official media on the alleged plotters .  the suspects had ties to iran 's revolutionary guard and basij , the state report say .
 bodies of u.s. couple killed in st. maarten are handed over to relatives <sec> new : the suspect , who was due in court tuesday , will now appear wednesday .  new : no reason was given for why the appearance was rescheduled .  the suspect `` heavily resisted '' arrest ; he and a police officer were `` wounded '' .  michael and thelma king of south carolina were found dead in their st. maarten hom .
 nine is the magic number for mass wedding in taiwan <sec> 163 couples marry at the same time , for auspicious reasons .  thursday was the ninth day of the ninth month of the 99th year since the founding of taiwan .  the number nine is auspicious in chinese , because it sounds like the word `` longevity .
 how does the atkins diet measure up against others ? <sec> bottom line : atkins can help you lose weight , but few people are able to maintain meaningful long-term weight loss with i .
 american held in solitary escapes tripoli prison <sec> matthew vandyke had been in solitary confinement since march .  he was arrested in the libyan city of brega .  he was freed wednesday along with hundreds of others from a prison in tripoli .  the baltimore resident is a freelance journalist and write .
 somalia fighting kills at least 39 civilians <sec> roadside bomb strikes african union peacekeepers , au mission says .  officials : civilian deaths occurred on road between presidential palace , airport .  mogadishu deputy mayor , au spokesman disagree over cause of civilian death .
 opinion : why fugitives would surrender to chuck stone <sec> elmer smith remembers chuck stone , legendary philadelphia journalist , who died april 6 .  stone was known as a thorn in the side of police and an advocate for the little guy .  stone was a tuskegee airman and a founder of national association of black journalist .
 by the numbers : social security <sec> 222,488 -- number receiving social security benefits in 1940 , less than 1 % of the population .  56 million -- number receiving social security benefits in 2011 , about 18 % of the population .  $ 778 billion -- expected amount that social security will pay out in benefits in 2012 .  40,000 -- people who claimed ssn 078-05-1120 after finding it on a sample wallet inser .
 pakistani taliban vows to kill bin laden doctor <sec> the taliban says the doctor is no . .  1 on its hit list .  a tribal court judgment says shakeel afridi had ties to lashkar-e-islam .  officials disclosed earlier that the doctor was convicted for spying .  he was accused of helping find osama bin laden through a fake vaccination progra .
 kenya shuns calls for independent tribunals on post-vote violence <sec> violence hit kenya after december 2007 vote , more than 1,300 people were killed .  commission has said kenya 's judiciary is not credible enough to try suspects .  critics say the kenyan government is not putting its citizens ' needs first .  kenyan president says the nation should pursue healing and reconciliatio .
 explosions erupt for second consecutive night in tripoli <sec> new : some residents of yefren are said to be living in caves .  libyan government official accuses nato of striking a secondary school .  no confirmation from nato .  woman says she waited three days on line for ga .
 the winning formula for success ? <sec> study shows `` expert '' leaders win twice as many f1 races as their rivals .  the study looked at every formula one race from 1950-2011 .  claims made by the study even translated into other businesses outside of motorsport .  red bull boss christian horner is an example of a successful former drive .
 boy finds forgotten gun , accidentally shoots self in head <sec> boy , 12 , found .25-caliber gun in box in closet .  police have not charged anyone in relation to incident .  florida law prohibits leaving a loaded firearm where minor can access it .  prosecutor : `` sometimes , the injury of a child is more severe '' punishmen .
 review : 'this is where i leave you ' <sec> comedy `` this is where i leave you '' misses the mark .  the script is smarmy and filled with clichã©s .  jason bateman and tina fey rise above the material , but not the rest of the cas .
 feed your hungry babies , pope tells mothers in sistine chapel <sec> pope francis baptizes 32 babies in sistine chapel on sunday .  pope tells mothers to feed crying babies during the ceremony if they want .  19 new cardinals from around the world named sunday .  pope , elected last march , is known for embracing humble way of lif .
 'secret agent ' is on a mission : spreading kindness <sec> laura miller has been giving anonymous gifts of kindness for the past year .  she recently revealed herself as `` secret agent l '' to expand her charitable efforts .  her project has spread to cities worldwide with the help of `` affiliated agents .
 cyprus : a mediterranean island rebuilding after crisis <sec> cyprus is starting to rebuild after its banking collapse a year ago , and 10 billion euro bailout .  the island nation 's finance minister harris georgiades says the situation `` is bad '' .  as the country tries to recover , it is also dealing with its relationship with russia .  russia , now being ostracized by the west , is a significant investors in cypru .
 boston bombing suspects ' dagestan connection <sec> suspected boston bomber tamerlan tsarnaev visited dagestan last year .  dagestan is an impoverished russian republic in the north caucasus region .  radical islamist groups warring against russia are active , have deep roots in dagestan .  rajan menon : life in dagestan can be chaotic , violent and shor .
 opinion : how ukraine crisis could pull u.s. to war <sec> graham allison : geneva deal on de-escalation in ukraine a ray of hope .  he says unless terms are implemented and conflict reversed , civil war still a threat .  he says west does have an interest in stalling russia-coaxed incursions .  allison : if latvia , part of nato , were next , u.s. could be compelled to enter conflic .
 police : officer under review after punching incident caught on camera <sec> new : officer did nothing wrong , officers guild says .  new : `` he was defending himself , '' union president says .  incident referred to office of professional accountabilit .
 siblings wanted in bank robbery , shootout arrested after chase <sec> new : charges filed after high-speed chase in colorado .  police call the brother , sister and half-brother `` the dougherty family '' .  a federal arrest warrant ties them to an armed bank robbery in georgia .  they are suspects in the attempted murder of a florida police officer during a shootou .
 plaxico burress pleads guilty to lesser weapons charge <sec> former wide receiver pleaded not guilty to other charges earlier this year .  plaxico burress will serve two years in prison , two years supervised release .  ex-new york giant accidentally shot himself in the leg november 29 , 2008 .  burress was not licensed to carry a pisto .
 airport screening for 'flying while muslim ' <sec> nafees syed : millions face extra screenings at airports for having `` funny names '' .  syed says she has been singled out for extra screening because of muslim head covering .  she writes that racial profiling violates the u.s. constitution and is ineffective .  syed : we need to know one another and stop procedures that make us more afrai .
 flight 370 search area shifts after 'credible lead ' <sec> australian authorities direct satellites to capture images of new area .  four search aircraft are currently over the new search area .  analysts say shift in search area could show investigators are closing in .  search area shifts after a `` new credible lead '' about the plane 's spee .
 lipitor loses patent , goes generic <sec> doctor : generic drugs tend to be significantly less expensive .  more than 17 million people have been prescribed lipitor , pfizer says .  the fda grants drug companies exclusive rights for a period of time .  after that , other companies can make the same dru .
 u.n. troops reinforce congolese army in regional capital <sec> u.n. spokesman : extra troops reinforcing regional capital on border with rwanda .  m23 rebels have threatened to take over the town .  one unit is congolese elite battalion trained by u.s. troop .
 11 things you 'll fight over this thanksgiving <sec> many people have strong opinions about how things should be done on thanksgiving .  nobody wants to squabble on a holiday , but some family feuds are inevitabl .
 man arrested for stealing part of paul walker porsche wreckage <sec> one man has been arrested , another is making arrangements to surrender .  authorities say a part from the 2005 porsche carrera gt was stolen .  it was taken off the back of a tow truck that was hauling away the burnt wreckage .  paul walker died when the sports car he was riding in crashed and caught on fir .
 justice breyer 's d.c. home hit by burglary <sec> the may 4 burglary occurred when no one was in breyer 's washington home .  no court-related materials were taken , a court spokeswoman says .  in february , breyer , his wife and a guest were robbed while vacationing in the caribbean .  a man was arrested in that robber .
 world 's most scenic airport approaches ? <sec> poll shortlists most impressive airport landings .  views of cities , mountains and islands all figure .  sochi -- the winter olympics city -- is one topical inclusio .
 first irene , then sandy : jersey city recovers , again <sec> last year , hurricane irene flooded jeff spangler 's jersey city home .  today , he 's dealing with the aftermath of superstorm sandy .  last year , the city 's drainage system was the focus of a lawsuit brought on by the ep .
 boston marathon bombing trial : survivors testify <sec> father describes the moment when he realized 8-year-old martin richard would n't survive .  the second day of the boston marathon bombings trial is underway .  survivor jeff bauman recounts how he lost his legs in the attac .
 dwyane wade and gabrielle union among celeb weddings <sec> three celebrity weddings took place over the weekend .  gabrielle union and dwyane wade wed in miami .  singer donnie wahlberg and jenny mccarthy tied the knot in chicago .  ashlee simpson and evan ross reportedly married in connecticu .
 heavy rains , landslides kill at least 37 in guatemala <sec> the death toll could reach 100 , national emergency agency says .  30 people are injured and 23 missing , says emergency official .  president alvaro colom declares a national emergency .  the rains come several months after tropical storm agatha lashed the natio .
 firefighter dies after ice bucket challenge accident <sec> capt . .  tony grider died saturday of burn-related injuries , authorities said .  another injured firefighter was released from the hospital tuesday , official said .  an electricity arc shocked firefighters on extension ladder , police chief said .  firefighters were dumping water on college students ; no students were injure .
 indonesians to finally get the reel thing <sec> in february major hollywood studios stopped distributing films to indonesia .  government taxes led to a protracted dispute with the country 's movie distributors .  some indonesians have been visiting neighboring singapore to see the latest film .
 romney visits storm-ravaged louisiana , obama on his way <sec> new : what 's left of isaac is headed toward the ohio river valley .  new : mississippi lake 's levels are dropping , so a breach may not be needed .  romney says his louisiana trip was to `` to learn and ( draw ) attention '' to people 's plight .  obama , who will visit monday , vows the federal government will help those sufferin .
 oil spill 'still a disaster ' for parts of gulf , allen says <sec> former coast guard adm. thad allen : `` a steady hand at the tiller '' needed for cleanup .  `` if you 're sitting in barataria bay , it 's still a disaster , '' he says .  relief well expected to be complete in mid-august .  oil still washing ashore in parts of louisian .
 for some employers , 'immigration reform ' means cheap labor <sec> david frum : immigration `` reform '' is a deliberately ambiguous phrase .  for some employers , immigrants represent a source of cheap labor , he says .  frum : big wave of immigration coincides with decline in labor 's share of economy .  america does n't have a labor shortage , but wages may be too low , he say .
 100 days to go : is london ready for the 2012 olympics ? <sec> wednesday marks 100 days to go until the opening ceremony of the london olympics .  london will become the first city to host the olympics three times in the modern era .  venues are on schedule and within budget ; tickets sales have been strong .  london 's aging transport system and security are two of the major issues remainin .
 hockey player : what does n't kill you ... <sec> chris rumble 's music video at seattle children 's hospital went viral .  rumble was diagnosed with leukemia at the age of 22 .  rumble now plays ncaa division i ice hocke .
 russia 's adoption ban harms kids <sec> russia has banned americans from adopting russian orphans .  laura jean : world leaders should not use children as political pawns .  she says orphanages are institutions ; they are poor substitute for parents .  jean : russia should lift ban so that orphans have a better chance to find familie .
 fbi details how bombing suspect 's friends took , trashed backpack <sec> three friends of boston bombing suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev are charged in federal court .  affidavit shows actions , communications after boston suspects ' photos went out .  the friends went to tsarnaev 's dorm , found a backpack with fireworks with the powder out .  they took this backpack and threw it away , the affidavit released wednesday state .
 teachers union memo 'prays ' for governor 's death <sec> internal memo asks god to take new jersey gov . .  chris christie .  `` it was inappropriate , '' union president acknowledges .  governor says teachers should be ashamed .  amid budget crisis , christie has proposed severe cuts to educatio .
 from capri to brisbane : one family 's 302-day sailing odyssey <sec> mike and judy ryan sailed the world with their three young children . .  they traveled through the mediterranean to the red sea , the indian ocean and the pacific .  highlights : orangutans , land-diving natives and impossibly beautiful coastline .
 american teacher killed by student in iraq <sec> the killing took place at a christian school in northern iraq .  the student fatally shot himself after killing the teacher , mayor says .  the u.s. embassy says it 's trying to confirm the identity of the victi .
 opinion : 'silent night ' in schools is ok <sec> danny cevallos : a new york school district edited lyrics of `` silent night '' .  he says courts have delved into issue of singing christmas carols in schools .  first amendment does n't bar all religion from schools , but courts have set guidelines , he says .  cevallos : `` silent night '' is fine for a school choir in most case .
 addicted to your smartphone ? 10 signs you might be <sec> online quiz allows people to assess if they have a problem with their smartphone use .  90 % overuse or misuse their devices , according to center for internet and technology addiction .  about 10 to 12 % are addicted to their smartphones , says organization 's director .  61 % sleep with their smartphones in their bedrooms , according to new surve .
