 uribe : betancourt rescuers used red cross <sec> new : .  president alvaro uribe says one red cross symbol was used in hostage rescue .  photos from military source show man wearing bib with red cross logo .  such misuse of symbol could be violation of geneva convention .
 fire , rain make for bizarre daytona 500 <sec> a massive fire delays the race for two hours .  matt kenseth claims the checkered flag .  the race was pushed back twice due to rain .  four of the previous 53 races have been shortene .
 official says nelson mandela on life support ; zuma cancels trip <sec> new : south african president cancels thursday 's trip to mozambique .  mandela is now on life support , an official says .  family collects some of the items left outside the hospital by well-wisher .
 quake hits northwest china ; 89 dead <sec> china quake death toll rises to 89 , state media reports .  the red cross society of china is sending tents and supplies .  hundreds reported injured across a number of counties .  fears rescue efforts may be hampered by recent heavy rain , more forecas .
 teacher accused of taking elementary student 'bondage ' photos <sec> the young students `` did n't realize they were victimized , '' an investigator says .  children were told they were playing a game , may have been spoon-fed semen .  in classroom photos , students had `` eyes blindfolded and mouths covered , '' officials say .  mark berndt , a 30-year teaching vet , is charged with child molestatio .
 ghosts stay clear of 'haunting ' actress <sec> `` the haunting in connecticut '' had a successful opening weekend at box office .  virginia madsen , who stars in film , likes `` things that go bump in the night '' .  madsen , best known for `` sideways , '' took motherly role over young co-star .
 family of missing american student hires private investigators <sec> missing-person posters appearing in madrid and on spanish media .  austin taylor bice , 22 , was last seen outside a madrid disco february 26 .  bice 's father has come from the u.s. and says he plans to stay `` as long as i need to .
 opcw : only 11 % of chemical weapons removed from syria <sec> number falls well short of meeting february 5 deadline .  a new round evacuations are set to begin in the old city of homs .  a syrian government official says little progress has been made in the talks .  british investigators search a home tied to the aleppo prison bombing , report say .
 are we headed for a bay of pigs in iran ? <sec> gary sick : sanctions against iraq , cuba harmed the whole population , not just leaders .  sick : sanctions against iran causing anti-americanism and ruining ordinary lives .  16 years of iran sanctions changed nothing , he says , amount to war in all but name .  sick : when sanctions get harsher and harsher and do nothing , war becomes inevitabl .
 crossing racial lines : meeting friends they never had <sec> students from former segregated schools of 1959 unite in macon , georgia .  `` i never dreamed of this moment , '' says ruby dean dupree mayes .  michael cass : `` i 'm glad we 've left the past behind '' .  the group hopes to set example for elders of other southern citie .
 remembering 'fudgie ' : shy man to confident soldier <sec> spc . .  marlon jackson was killed when a roadside bomb detonated in iraq in 2003 .  marlon is remembered by his cousin as a shy , introverted young man .  marlon became more confident after joining the army .  marlon 's life influenced his cousin , juarez , to work as software engineer in defense industr .
 china 's lunar probe lands on moon <sec> chang'e-1 ends its 16-month mission with controlled collision on moon surface .  xinhua : second stage involves sending second probe to practice soft landings .  third stage involves landing of rover .  china becomes only third nation to send manned spacecraft into orbi .
 police investigated abuse case weeks before mom allegedly killed kids <sec> new : classmates and others in tampa are mourning the two teens killed .  police probed alleged abuse involving julie schenecker in fall , records show .  a police spokeswoman says schenecker detailed a plan to kill her kids in writing .  police say schenecker admitted killing her two kids because they were `` mouthy .
 who 's your daddy now , luke ? disney + star wars = quite a mouse-ful <sec> disney agreed to acquire lucasfilm for $ 4.05 billion , which will give it control of the `` star wars '' franchise .  mashups of disney and star wars elements have gone viral on the internet , and are spreading in cnn 's comment .
 wimbledon : rafael nadal succumbs to teen nick krygios <sec> rafael nadal knocked out by australian teenager nick krygios .  maria sharapova beaten in three sets by angelique kerber .  roger federer to face compatriot stanislas wawrinka .  serena williams retires from doubles with viral illnes .
 heavy snow claims eight lives in northern japan <sec> woman and her children found dead in their snow-trapped car .  four other people in hokkaido prefecture froze to death during weekend .  high-speed train derailed in blizzard conditions in akita prefectur .
 u.s. slaps new sanctions on syria , extends those against hezbollah <sec> u.s. says syrian refiner aided iran , hezbollah militant group supported syrian regime .  at least 180 people were reported killed friday , including 75 in aleppo .  uk says it will provide $ 7.8 million for aid such as medical , communication supplies .  iran calls a meeting about the syrian crisis a succes .
 new york boating accident kills 4 , injures 2 <sec> the accident takes place near red hook , new york .  the boat hits a concrete footing in the wate .
 why reputation is the currency of the future <sec> reputation is crucial to the new `` sharing economy , '' argues heather schlegel .  airbnb , uber , lyft and ebay all depend on trust .  schlegel says reputation will soon be transferable from one platform to anothe .
 point/ counterpoint : examining the 5 key themes from obama 's speech <sec> the president treads the line between diplomacy and a possible military strike .  obama says syrian president bashar al-assad 's regime must be held accountable .  some fear the diplomatic path is just a stall tactic .  the united states ca n't look the other way in syria , the president say .
 international media demand that egypt release detained journalists <sec> authorities arrested trio from al jazeera english on december 29 ; they 've been held since .  egyptian authorities say the journalists met illegally with the muslim brotherhood .  the islamist movement was declared a terrorist group last month .  nearly 40 journalists from 29 media groups sent a letter to authorities to demand releas .
 review : 'godzilla ' might make you feel like a kid again <sec> writer says `` godzilla '' feels like two movies scotch-taped together .  the film stars bryan cranston and aaron taylor-johnson .  the director 's previous film was 2010 's low-budget `` monsters .
 what makes a movie quote so quotable ? <sec> no one can plan or guess about which movie quotations will become much repeated .  screenwriter william goldman says the writer is mostly likely thinking about the story .  quotes are a shorthand , evoking a whole movie -- and the memories of that fil .
 al qaeda changing , training , plotting <sec> westerners reveal details of life fighting , training with al qaeda .  an american says he passed information on new york transit to al qaeda .  they stories tell how the terror group survived and changed after 9/11 .  but it appears al qaeda 's training structures have one goal , another 9/1 .
 u.s. , china vow action on climate change <sec> president obama , chinese leader pledge to work to reduce carbon emissions .  move comes before u.n . .  climate change conference in denmark .  china and u.s. are largest producers of greenhouse gases .  obama , chinese president hu jintao do n't offer a timetabl .
 mentor gave me confidence to succeed <sec> denzel washington credits boys and girls club and a director with helping , mentoring him .  washington says the staff at the club he attended insisted kids take education seriously .  the club helps reduce high dropout rate by mentoring kids in out-of-school time , he writes .  one-on-one intervention , he says , and programs give youth confidence , motivatio .
 steven spielberg 's 'e.t . ' coming to blu-ray , and it 's walkie-talkie free ! <sec> in the 2002 re-release of `` e.t . '' .  steven spielberg switched out the rifles held by the police with walkie-talkies .  spielberg himself even admitted he regretted making the changes .  in the 30th-anniversary blu-ray edition of the film , those walkie-talkies are no mor .
 opinion : education makes life worth living <sec> unesco releases a report that shows education can radically transform people 's lives .  mariane pearl : education is the most efficient weapon to combat world 's pressing problems .  she says if all women had a primary education , child mortality could fall by a sixth .  pearl : it is education that makes life worth living ; we should all never stop learnin .
 marc anthony files for divorce from jennifer lopez <sec> marc anthony files divorce papers in los angeles superior court .  the couple announced they were ending their marriage in july .  the singers wed in 2004 ; it was the third marriage for lopez and the second for anthon .
 france e. coli outbreak sickens seven children <sec> all the children affected have cases of hemolytic uremic syndrome , a form of kidney failure , related to e. coli infection .  french health authorities have linked the e. coli outbreak to frozen ground beef .  the manufacturer has been asked to recall products connected to the infection .  officials say there is no link to the recent deadly e. coli infection centered in german .
 92-year-old outsells beatles to top uk charts <sec> vera lynn is oldest living artist to have a number one album .  92-year-old made her name as `` forces ' sweetheart '' during world war ii .  hits include `` we 'll meet again , '' and `` white cliffs of dover .
 this winter 's heavy snow , ice send cities on a search for salt <sec> salt shortages are hitting cities across the country , particularly in the midwest and northeast .  federal rules have delayed delivery of a 40,000-ton pile of salt to new jersey .  some governments are using brine instead of salt , and others have used sand-salt mixtures .  costs of snow removal are much higher now than in previous year .
 germany humbled by poland in euro 2016 qualifier <sec> poland defeat germany in euro 2016 qualification match-up .  goals from arkadiusz milik and sebastian mila secure 2-0 victory .  result marks poland 's first ever win over german .
 phelps suspended from competition , dropped by kellogg <sec> usa swimming suspends michael phelps from competition for three months .  kellogg co. says it wo n't renew its sponsorship of phelps .  announcements follow publication of photo showing phelps smoking from bong .  sheriff 's office says it is investigating whether phelps smoked marijuan .
 opinion : putin 's pr blitz - win or lose ? <sec> tara sonenshine : putin op-ed not surprising : russia has long tried to build its popularity .  putin attentive to polls on views of russia , tries to stem persistent negative portrayals , she says .  she says oddly , russia keeps doing negative things and trying to get positive press .  sonenshine : op-ed has provoked many ; russia does n't mind ; putin enjoys tweaking u.s .
 6 killed in russian plane crash <sec> an antonov an-148 aircraft crashes in belgorod region .  an emergency official says the victims were crew members .  report : an aircraft factory was testing the plane before it was delivere .
 washington governor issues moratorium on executions in the state <sec> gov . .  jay inslee says he is suspending executions while he is in office .  inslee says the death penalty is inconsistently applied in washington .  state law gives inslee the authority to stop death warrants from being issue .
 men charged with plotting to kill obama <sec> plot included killing 100 african-americans , beheading 14 , officials say .  plot was to end with attempt to kill obama while wearing white , police say .  law enforcement sources sees no evidence men could pull off plot .  federal prosecutors charge daniel cowart , 20 , and paul schlesselman , 1 .
 madrid plane burst into flames after runway skid <sec> video of spanair md-82 which crashed in madrid shows plane got off the ground .  video shows plane bursting into flames after runway skid , source says .  dna tests will be used to identify victims from madrid air crash .  153 people died when spanair flight crashed wednesday during takeof .
 fitness tools that tap the power of your friends <sec> people who connect with friends on fitness tracking tools tend to be more active .  tightly knit , supportive communities have popped up for apps like runkeeper and tools like fitbit .  connections help remind people to work out and keep them motivate .
 five reasons to visit malawi now <sec> malawi means `` flames of fire '' in the local language .  lake malawi has over 1,000 species of fish , 99 % unique to the region .  of the 15 million people that call the country home , 85 % live in rural area .
 russia warns of civil war if ukraine uses force over eastern revolts <sec> ukrainian , russian , us and eu ministers will meet next week .  ukraine 's security service claims hostages have been released .  u.s. navy warship heads to black sea in support of eastern european allies .  russia 's foreign ministry says any use of force in eastern ukraine `` could lead to civil war .
 bus accident kills at least 13 in bolivia <sec> police : driver lost control of the bus , which crashed into roadside boulders .  at least 26 people were injured .  bus driver and 18 others were being treated at a hospital , the government says .  fatal bus wrecks are not rare in mountainous bolivi .
 death toll in thai explosion climbs to 4 <sec> police point to anti-government protesters in bomb blast .  police are investigating an explosion in suburban bangkok .  investigators are combing the blast sit .
 boston prosecutors to release 'craigslist killer ' file <sec> district attorney to file for dismissal after suspect markoff 's suicide .  prosecutors expect to release their file on markoff `` within the next few weeks '' .  the former medical student killed himself in jail august 1 .
 report : venezuela 's state-run refineries afflicted by mismanagement <sec> venezuela 's state-run oil company under scrutiny after a weekend fire kills 42 people .  an engineer 's report in march finds problems in major and routine maintenance .  oil company faces `` severe mismanagement and underinvestment , '' analyst says .  president hugo chavez is up for re-election in octobe .
 clinton 's farewell marred by embassy bombing - cnnpolitics.com <sec> kerry sworn in , first trip likely to include stops in egypt and israel .  clinton cites turkey attack as example of challenges in the world .  clinton visited 112 countries and flew almost 1 million miles in four years .  at 65 , clinton faces questions about whether she 'll run for president in 201 .
 angry voters could affect both parties <sec> republicans energized after upset in massachusetts .  `` republicans have the advantage of strong emotions , '' expert says .  gop could hurt chances in midterms if primaries go to more extreme candidates , expert says .  both parties need to clarify message , show why the other is wrong , psychologist say .
 vettel honored to be part of f1 history <sec> f1 world champion sebastian vettel proud of history-making year with red bull .  german dominated as he set a series of records to claim his second world title .  world rally champion sebastian loeb also received his trophy at fia ceremony .  french driver clinched an eighth successive title for dominant citroen tea .
 iraqi vp visits qatar despite travel ban <sec> the iraqi vice president is scheduled to meet with top qatari leaders .  vice president tariq al-hashimi is wanted on terrorism charges in iraq ; he denies the charges .  iraq 's prime minister says no arab countries should host the wanted vice president .  al-hashimi 's office says he will visit other countries , then return to kurdista .
 trustees : penn state president removed , paterno out immediately <sec> trustees dismiss spanier , remove paterno as head coach immediately .  man tells anderson cooper of uncomfortable moments with sandusky .  u.s. department of education investigating penn state .  `` with the benefit of hindsight , i wish i had done more , '' paterno say .
 8 amazing outdoor music venues <sec> beautiful music with an outdoor setting to match is one of summer 's can't-misses .  colorado 's red rocks amphitheatre is one of the united states ' most stunning venues .  the pritzker pavilion in chicago 's millennium park marries architecture and acoustic .
 for new hampshire gop , extremism is n't all that popular <sec> answers that win applause in iowa living rooms might not work as well in new hampshire .  religion is n't as central to life in new hampshire , where social conservatives hold limited sway .  limitations on government are important to many new activists in the granite stat .
 colorado fire tops 55,000 acres , could spread with hot , windy weather <sec> the high park fire destroys at least 181 homes .  the blaze has burned more than 55,000 acres so far , fire officials say .  more than 1,600 firefighters are battling the flames .  agriculture secretary : the fire is one of thousands burning nationwid .
 airlines take flight again as ash cloud moves off australia <sec> qantas resumes most flights wednesday .  ash cloud comes from the june 4 eruption of chilean volcano .  the cloud stranded australian flights more than a week ago .  new zealand flights are cancelled indefinitel .
 sheriff finds social media clues in 4 west virginia slayings <sec> sheriff : a man killed his ex-girlfriend , a man she was dating , a business rival and a business partner .  jody lee hunt apparently killed himself with pistol used in the killings , sheriff says .  text and social media provided clues to authorities , sheriff says .  hunt had a criminal history and served time for abduction , firearms violation .
 as snowden seeks asylum , u.s. bides its time <sec> `` time is our friend , '' a senior administration official says .  nsa leaker snowden faces u.s. espionage charges .  he 's now in moscow , which seems eager to send him on his way .  snowden has asked ecuador for asylum ; the u.s. has warned against granting i .
 south korea : world 's next sailing giant ? <sec> south korea has made a successful bid to participate in the 2013 america 's cup .  the move reflects a rapidly growing interest in the sport over the past decade .  founder attributes popularity to changes in work laws allowing for more leisure tim .
 when it comes to energy waste , tech is hero and villain <sec> a greater percentage of home energy use comes from electronics these days .  an average home has 24 pieces of consumer technology , says industry group .  set-top boxes , which play and record cable tv , are among the bigger energy suckers .  department of energy is considering regulations to make those boxes more efficien .
 deadly train-car collision in baltimore <sec> a car and train collide in baltimore .  both occupants of the car were killed .  no one on the train was injured .  the transit administration says the car went around a lowered gate ar .
 r-e-s-p-e-c-t ! conservatives say they need it in shutdown debate <sec> conservative republicans want their voices heard in congress .  gop rep. michael grimm : caving to the senate again `` sets a bad precedent '' .  the tea party wing demands anti-obamacare provisions in a deal .  frustration over the shutdown heats up the political rhetori .
 archbishop of canterbury slaps episcopal church for openly gay bishops <sec> the episcopal church in los angeles recently consecrated an openly gay bishop .  the archbishop of canterbury warned that divisions in the church would widen .  he urged a diminished role for the episcopal church for violating `` promises '' .  conservatives say he did n't go far enoug .
 fbi : top 10 fugitive captured in mexico <sec> sought in connection with 2000 attack on two los angeles , california , officers .  emigdio preciado jr. , captured friday in hills near yagos , mexico , fbi said .  preciado 's identifying tattoos had been surgically removed , said fbi .  mexican police and fbi agents confirmed his identity through fingerprint .
 a cruise is a safe and healthy vacation <sec> bud darr objects to op-ed that criticized cruise industry .  he says the industry is heavily regulated and monitored under maritime laws .  cruise ships entering u.s. ports must be examined by coast guard , he says .  despite headlines and criticism , fires and illnesses are rare on ships , darr say .
