 something in the water ? beckham off as four see red in evian <sec> david beckham sent off as paris saint-germain beat evian 1-0 .  the veteran midfielder had only been on the pitch six minutes before being dismissed .  three other players given their marching orders in an ill-tempered finale .  psg can wrap up the french ligue 1 title this weeken .
 summer rewind : looking back at 1964 <sec> decades later , summer memories are wrapped up in the songs , movies and beach reads .  fifty summers ago , the beatles , beach boys and supremes dominated the charts .  `` mary poppins '' and `` the unsinkable molly brown '' were summer film favorites in 1964 .  the stuff of summer in 1964 : the schwinn sting-ray and kodak instamati .
 police : jobless father kills family , self <sec> one of man 's three sons was fulbright scholar and honor student at ucla .  officer speaks of man `` who just got stuck in ... absolute despair '' .  father had mba in finance but seemed to have been unemployed for months .  police : man left three letters , including one taking responsibility for shooting .
 'abenomics ' brings hope and skepticism to japan <sec> prime minister shinzo abe 's new economic program is dubbed `` abenomics '' .  many are skeptical about whether this is the solution for japan 's malaise .  some fear the boost to the country 's stock markets could produce a bubble .  1980s collapse followed decades of growing stock , property price .
 with ferguson , it 's not what you think ( opinion ) <sec> jason johnson : leaks about grand jury investigation in ferguson stir discussion .  he says image many have of ferguson , missouri , is as a poverty-ridden community .  johnson says ferguson is a suburb where many black residents live middle-class lives .  johnson : the truth is that ferguson is reacting to the failures of its police departmen .
 stevens concedes alaska senate race <sec> new : `` it is apparent the election has been decided , '' stevens says .  new : gov . .  sarah palin congratulates begich , praises stevens .  democrat bested stevens by 3,724 votes , according to posted results .  anchorage mayor had roughly 48 percent of vote vs. 47 percent for steven .
 gop : do n't rig the vote , rock it ( opinion ) <sec> rock the vote recently launched a campaign to push back against voting restrictions .  eric liu : republicans who restrict voting may win now , but party suffers long term .  he says a confident party does n't work in a cynical way to shrink the electorate .  liu : the next america is waiting to be made , gop should embrace all peopl .
 exploring namibia 's pristine skeleton coast <sec> only 800 people a year allowed to visit bleak but beautiful region .  skeletons from whaling industry litter shoreline -- hence the macabre name .  wildlife watching mostly small scale here , not africa 's usual big game .  human inhabitants , namibia 's last pastoralists , eat only mea .
 yemen opposition welcomes u.n. call for power transfer <sec> the security council calls for an `` orderly '' transition .  the president was badly hurt in a june assassination attempt .  saleh 's supporters want their president to serve out his ter .
 regular flu has killed thousands since january <sec> swine flu getting focus , but so far it 's not deadly in united states .  since january , more than 13,000 have died of complications from seasonal flu .  worldwide annual death from the flu estimated between 250,000 and 500,000 .  about 9 out of 10 flu deaths are among people older than 6 .
 manchester city starts summer spending spree with signing of everton 's rodwell <sec> rodwell becomes city 's first big signing of the summer after completing $ 19m deal .  the 21-year-old could end up costing city $ 26m depending on various clauses .  boss roberto mancini could start rodwell in premier league opener against southampton .  england midfielder hoping to win his third international cap against italy on wednesda .
 freed aid workers arrive at u.s. military base in italy <sec> jessica buchanan and poul thisted arrive at a naval air station in sicily .  they were rescued wednesday by u.s. military forces in somalia .  the navy seal unit that killed osama bin laden participated in the mission .  kidnappers seized the aid workers in octobe .
 hambycast : jazz and politics in the 'zombie runoff ' <sec> sen. mary landrieu lost her runoff race to gop challenger bill cassidy on saturday .  landrieu 's supporters put on a brave face until the en .
 ex president loses lebanon poll <sec> former lebanese president amin gemayel loses by a few hundred votes .  candidates will replace legislator pierre gemayel and lawmaker walid eido .  both were allies of u.s.-backed lebanese government and opponents of syri .
 say it ai n't so ... is there a global wine drought ? <sec> world is facing a significant wine shortage , according to morgan stanley report .  industry experts release global production report countering morgan stanley findings .  old world wines continue to stabilize after poor harvests in recent years , say expert .
 after a swimming start , guppies jump , researchers find <sec> u. of maryland researchers say they 've witnessed never-before-seen behavior in fish .  guppies jump by swimming backwards , then changing direction and launching .  the biology professor and lecturer say the fish can jump eight times their body length .  the best human long jumper ever , mike powell , jumped nearly five times his heigh .
 cnn student news - february 27 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 nascar 's busch wo n't face charges <sec> delaware department of justice wo n't pursue charges against nascar driver kurt busch .  busch has denied committing domestic abuse against ex-girlfriend patricia driscoll .  but busch must stay away from driscoll for one year , according to family court rulin .
 k-9s , volunteers , police search in west virginia for 3-year-old girl <sec> aliayah lunsford , 3 , was last seen by her mother and sister early saturday , police say .  her mother could n't find her , running out of gas three hours later as she drove looking .  a sheriff 's lieutenant says thus far , `` we have n't come up with anything .
 high-ranking general defects from syrian military <sec> new : activist says brig . .  gen. manaf tlas does n't plan to join the opposition at present .  tlas was perhaps the most senior sunni in bashar al-assad 's regime , scholar says .  tlas was disgusted with the killing of sunnis , a western official says .  the tlas family knows `` how the place is wired , '' a syria expert say .
 training for a tri : what i wish i 'd known <sec> stacy mantooth was an avid fan of the sport of triathlon before joining cnn 's fit nation .  he 's training for his first triathlon and has learned a lot about the do 's and don'ts .  mantooth is sharing his knowledge with family and friends who are training with hi .
 tornado recovery work begins in alabama <sec> new : storm killed 2 people ; the father of the younger victim recalls his daughter .  alabama governor tours hard-hit communities .  five schools in jefferson county remained closed after storm .  storms come less than nine months after a tornado outbreak that killed 243 in alabam .
 'sister survivors ' : latinas band together in breast cancer battle <sec> hispanics have a lower cancer incidence and mortality than whites and blacks .  this phenomenon is part of what is called the `` hispanic paradox '' .  financial and linguistic barriers in the hispanic community can hinder treatmen .
 lawyer : russia charges detained estonian with espionage <sec> lawyer for detained estonian security officer eston kohver says he 's charged with spying .  if convicted in a russian court , he could face up to 20 years in prison , lawyer says .  estonia says the officer was abducted while on estonian soil .  russia says it detained the security official in its northwest pskov regio .
 can top luxury brands survive downturn ? <sec> next week cnn focuses on some of the biggest names in luxury goods .  we ask ceos of top brands how they plan to battle economic downturn .  conflicting reports over whether luxury brands are immune to effects of recessio .
 israeli , arrested at airport , is suspect in michigan killings <sec> elias abuelazam , 33 , is in custody in atlanta , georgia , in connection with five killings .  the suspect was trying to board a delta flight to tel aviv , israel , officials say .  police say a total of 18 stabbings in michigan , virginia and ohio are linked .  five people died in the attacks in michiga .
 grammys : the winners list <sec> sam smith wins best new artist , best pop vocal album .  beyonce now has 20 grammys , passing aretha frankli .
 the danish agent , the croatian blonde and the cia plot to get al-awlaki <sec> danish newspaper says agent morten storm offered to help find al-qaeda cleric anwar al-awlaki .  the plot involved finding the cleric a western wife , putting a tracking device in her suitcase .  the plot was apparently foiled when the woman left the suitcase behind .  al-awlaki was later killed in a u.s. drone strik .
 'copper ' : bringing 1864 new york to life , grit and all <sec> bbc america 's new show `` copper '' focuses on new york 's turbulence in 1864 .  it is the channel 's first original scripted series .  `` copper '' explores both the slums of five points and the glamor of fifth avenu .
 ohio-born student missing in syria ; marks 2nd american this month <sec> obada mzaik , a dual american and syrian citizen , went missing on january 3 .  the 21-year-old student was born in columbus , ohio ; he was in syria with his brother .  he is at least the second american citizen to have gone missing in syria this month .  mzaik 's family back in the united states is now fearing the wors .
 opinion : not all texans love a good execution <sec> texas has executed about 500 people since the 1980s , more than any other state .  james moore says the death penalty in texas is infected with racism .  blacks make up fewer than 12 % of texans , but they 're 37 % of its executions .  moore : as texas ' population diversifies , sentiments are shifting about death penalt .
 obama , where is the recovery ? <sec> john thune : two years ago this week , obama claimed that economy will improve .  thune : today , americans are still waiting for the recovery .  he says republicans have a better plan : repeal health care law , stop tax hike , cut spending .  thune : road to real recovery is not doubling down on the failed policies of the past few year .
 is the olympics worth more than google ? <sec> report says the olympics is the second biggest brand in the world .  games lags well behind leader apple but is above google .  however , sports business analyst says they can not be compared .  he argues that brand value is more than just a financial concep .
 costa rica tops list of 'happiest ' nations <sec> costa rica beats out dominican republic as `` happiest '' place in world .  independent british group claims costa ricans have world 's highest life satisfaction .  central american nation also praised for its environmental effort .
 man in custody in six slayings in tennessee , alabama <sec> new : man taken in custody by tennessee authorities in six slayings .  new : suspect identified as jacob lee shafer , who faces murder charges , tbi says .  new : authorities say an undientified man has confessed to the killings .  five bodies were found at two homes in tennessee ; one victim in alabam .
 'gatsby ' shines , but 'iron man 3 ' leads box office <sec> `` the great gatsby '' had a magnificent $ 51.1 million debut at the box office .  but that number was n't large enough to overcome `` iron man 3 '' .  that movie came in first place with $ 72.5 millio .
 britain and europe 's poshest music festivals <sec> eton-educated british pm david cameron spotted at `` poshstock '' festival .  are mud-splattered headbanger fests under threat ? .  yurts and hempseed smoothies among ingredients of these upscale get-togethers .  interval chat might include world 's best tax-free haven .
 u.s. paves way for sanctions over ukraine , europe threatens to do same <sec> president obama signed an executive order allowing sanctions .  the sanctions would be aimed at russians and ukrainians threatening ukraine .  visa bans are already in effect for some russian and ukrainian officials .  new : europe to suspend talks with russia on visas , threatens other economic step .
 hoffenheim claim third successive win <sec> hoffenheim keep up their dream start to the german bundesliga season .  the league leaders secure their third straight victory with a 2-0 win over schalke .  an isaac vorsah header and a late manuel neuer own goal ensured the hosts ' victory .  schalke , who gave a debut to klaas-jan huntelaar , have now lost all three matche .
 gunman hijacks greyhound bus in north carolina <sec> new : suspect charges with a single count of kidnapping .  the bus was traveling to raleigh , north carolina .  the gunman approached the bus driver and allowed many passengers to get off the bus .  police were trying to determine a motive for the inciden .
 venus and serena out of wimbledon doubles <sec> venus and serena knocked out of ladies ' doubles at wimbledon .  williams ' sisters beaten by russians elena vesnina and vera zvonareva .  it is venus and serena 's first defeat in the doubles at wimbledon since 200 .
 faa to close 149 regional airport control towers , spare 40 others <sec> transportation secretary calls it `` difficult choices that we have to make '' .  faa administrator says agency with work with affected airports to ensure safety .  controllers ' group says closures will hurt `` overall margin of safety for our entire aviation system '' .  among towers are two built with federal stimulus money and open less than a yea .
 'three cups of tea ' : served with a grain of salt ? <sec> a cbs `` 60 minutes '' investigation alleges the book 's stories are not true .  the author says , `` i stand by the information conveyed in my book '' .  `` three cups of tea '' spawned a charity and efforts to improve girls ' education in pakistan and afghanistan .  the book is an international publishing succes .
 ukraine bends on protest law , offers amnesty <sec> new : `` no time should be lost '' in defusing crisis , biden tells yanukovych .  government pledges amnesty , end to anti-protest laws .  jailed yulia tymoshenko calls on opposition to stand firm .  the ukrainian parliament will hold a special session tuesda .
 opinion : six questions for 2014 <sec> julian zelizer says 2014 will begin with some major questions on washington 's agenda .  will immigration reform fly ? .  will control of either house of congress change ? .  who will win the gop civil war ? .  and how will obamacare fare under continuing attacks ? .  zelizer : 2014 will also shed light on the issues and candidates likely to shape the 2016 rac .
 can putin tackle russia 's bloated state ? <sec> putin 's decision to stand again as russian president is no big surprise , says commentator .  andrew wilson says markets and investors are unlikely to be impressed by move .  he asks : can putin stop capital flight out of russia ; guarantee stability in caucasus .  and will putin be able to curb bloated state that has grown unwieldy under oil money .
 5 studies : the longer you sleep , the weirder your dreams <sec> average bmi has stayed the same for americans , but our waist size is expanding .  consuming artificial sweeteners make some mice glucose intolerant , leading to diabetes .  teens are doing fewer illicit drugs , a national survey find .
 world 's 10 most romantic movie locations <sec> travelzoo 's list of romantic movie sites takes in almost eight decades of film history .  kenya 's ngong hills grabs the top spot with `` out of africa '' .  london ? .  venice ? .  san francisco ? .  rio ? .  nope .
 cdc looking into possible norovirus outbreak on cruise ship <sec> cdc : 114 passengers and 10 crew on holland america ship had vomiting and diarrhea .  federal health officials boarded the ship when it arrived in florida on saturday .  hundreds aboard two cruise ships in the caribbean fell ill with norovirus last month .  the veendam got a failing grade from cdc inspectors in septembe .
 u.s. officials : cia kills top al qaeda terrorist in pakistan <sec> new : abu laith al-libi was killed by a missile from an airplane , officials say .  al-libi plotted attacks against u.s. and coalition forces , officials say .  source : libyan behind 2007 february bombing of bagram air base .  official : al-libi `` not far below the importance '' of osama bin laden , his top aid .
 skydiver participating in world record attempt falls to her death <sec> police identified the skydiver as diana paris of berlin , germany .  she was part of a group of 222 skydivers trying to do a jump that changed formation in air .  she had 1,500 jumps before thursday .  group says it will try again but will honor her by leaving her spot in formation ope .
 opinion : pot is legal and sky has n't fallen <sec> leonard frieling says pot is legal in two states and the sky has n't fallen .  of colorado , he says : sales tax revenues will bring millions , and crime is down .  lack of bank service causes problematic cash economy , he says .  government , civilians and industry are cooperating for experiment to wor .
 mom opens family-friendly tattoo shop <sec> mother of three malissa booth saw a need to open a family-friendly tattoo shop in her area . .  as tattoos become more mainstream , she wanted to create a welcoming space for people . .  she shared her story of how she entered the tattooing industry with cnn ireport .
 fans question what is behind te'o girlfriend hoax <sec> new : `` te'oing '' -- picturing a person with an imaginary girlfriend -- becomes a fad .  some are questioning whether the girlfriend story was made up for publicity .  `` i ca n't believe that it could be , '' says eddie george , a heisman trophy winner .  te'o says he was the victim of a `` sick joke .
 'in a world ' voiceover master dies at 68 <sec> don lafontaine did voiceovers for thousands of films .  voice specialist best known for `` in a world ... '' lead to trailers .  lafontaine also appeared in geico a .
 is america ready for marijuana moguls ? <sec> `` high profits '' follows the owners of a recreational marijuana dispensary .  the cnn original series airs sundays at 10 p.m. e .
 'american sniper ' widow pens letter to husband <sec> taya kyle posted the letter on their 13th wedding anniversary .  `` american sniper '' is the highest-grossing war movie .  a man was found guilty in kyle 's death in februar .
 no relief from heat wave in the south , north <sec> heat wave hits many southern states this week .  scorching high temperatures are in the forecast over the weekend in the north .  little relief is expected next week .  extreme heat indices are expected to reach up to 116 degrees in minneapoli .
 james holmes called university 9 minutes before shooting , attorney says <sec> new : holmes called a university switchboard nine minutes before he allegedly opened fire .  holmes , 24 , is accused of killing 12 people in a theater shooting in aurora , colorado , last month .  he is charged with murder and attempted murder and faces two weapons charge .
 ruling party urges calm after mandela 's hospitalization <sec> `` madiba is 92-years-old and no longer a young man , '' a spokesman says .  the former president 's foundation says he 's in good spirits .  his last public appearance was in the summe .
 '867-5309 ' number for sale on ebay <sec> man selling his `` 867-5309 '' phone number on ebay .  digits made famous by 1982 tommy tutone hit song .  along with phone number , auction winner will get dj busines .
 close encounter with pluto getting under way <sec> earth 's first probe to pluto is beginning its long approach with the icy world .  new horizons will let us see the tiny planet for the first time ; it will arrive at pluto in jul .
 bangladesh : body search continues amid retaliation fears <sec> 72 bodies found floating in a river or in three mass graves inside rifles ' compound .  fifty of the dead were confirmed to be army officers .  standoff started wednesday when rifles troops rebelled against commanders .  more than 160 were inside bangladesh rifles headquarters when mutiny erupte .
 facebook testing disappearing posts <sec> facebook users might be able to schedule expiration times for their posts .  facebook says it 's doing a small test of the feature .  delete times would range from one hour to seven day .
