 what if abortion became a non-issue ? <sec> herman cain 's comments on abortion brought him heavy criticism .  david frum says abortion may be the hottest social issue , but it may not always be so .  he says american politics was riven by debate over alcohol for generations .  changing social views and behavior may greatly lessen abortion issue , he say .
 friend tipped off police to whereabouts of escaped florida inmates <sec> new : video shows u.s. marshals storming men 's motel room .  men held on one count each of escape , due back in court friday .  the men were freed using forged documents , authorities say .  both had been sentenced to life without parol .
 how doctors do harm <sec> america ranks 50th in life expectancy and american life expectancy is decreasing .  we should be both ashamed and furious about our health care system , brawley says .  we focus on treating people after they get sick instead of preventing disease , he say .
 florida 'loud-music ' murder trial 's verdict evokes mixed reactions <sec> closely watched trial drew comparisons to trayvon martin case .  florida state attorney : `` it was too long before victims ' voices were heard '' .  jordan davis ' mother , lucia mcbath : `` we 're so very happy to have just a little bit of closure '' .  michael dunn 's lawyer said his client was `` in disbelief '' at verdic .
 at least 38 die in mudslide on portuguese island of madeira <sec> new : portuguese military has dispatched five teams to help with search and rescue efforts .  new : weather has substantially improved , civil protection official says .  madeira hit by heavy downpours overnight , triggering mudslide that killed at least 38 .  unknown number of people , perhaps dozens , are missing , official tells cn .
 gary glitter gets 16-year sentence for child sex abuse <sec> gary glitter is sentenced to 16 years in prison after being convicted of child sex abuse .  the former `` glam rocker '' has been prosecuted previously on sex abuse charge .
 woman on business trip disappeared from hotel <sec> pamela biggers was last seen in panama city , florida , on january 27 , 2008 .  the 52-year-old from huey , alabama , was on a business trip .  she talked to husband on phone , went to dinner with colleague before vanishing .  know something ? .  call 850-747-4700 . .  a $ 20,000 reward is offere .
 f1 leader alonso ignores talk of red bull team orders <sec> fernando alonso is not concerned about possible red bull team orders in sunday 's season finale .  red bull drivers mark webber and sebastian vettel can still win the world championship .  vettel would not comment on whether he would help second-placed webber in abu dhabi .  lewis hamilton is also still in with an outside chance of taking the world crow .
 how giant tunnels protect tokyo from flood threat <sec> japan 's `` water discharge tunnel '' complex drains floodwater into edo river .  underground complex is higher than five-story building , stretches nearly four miles .  system 's heart is four turbines powered by jet engines similar to those in boeing 737 plan .
 frostbite forces ranulph fiennes to quit antarctic expedition <sec> ranulph fiennes pulls out of attempt to cross the antarctic in winter .  british adventurer suffers frostbite after trying to fix a ski binding .  the expedition viewed as last great polar challenge .  rest of team will continue on 4,000 km journey without fienne .
 egypt sentences american ngo workers to jail <sec> kerry : the u.s. is `` deeply concerned '' about the result of `` a politically-motivated trial '' .  becker , the one american who stayed to face charges , says he 's reviewing appeal options .  prosecution `` had a chilling effect '' on human rights groups , activist says .  in all , 43 ngo workers , including several americans , were charge .
 analysis : four more years of war in afghanistan <sec> bergen says there has been a strategic shift in the obama administration policy towards afghanistan .  united states will maintain combat troops in afghanistan until december 2014 .  nato will continue to have some kind of role in afghanistan , likely advising and training units of the afghan army , into 2015 and beyond .
 71 get life sentences for torching egypt church <sec> 2 minors were sentenced to 10 years in prison , in addition to adults getting life .  52 of the 73 defendants were sentenced in absentia .  the virgin mary church was burned along with dozens of others in august 201 .
 workers told , ditch local languages for english <sec> more companies mandating english as their corporate language , says harvard business school professor .  japanese company rakuten is among those that have gone `` english only '' .  expert says employees can experience performance anxiety while making transition to englis .
 autopsy : newborn 's mother died from 'homicidal violence ' <sec> new : heather snively 's baby was cut from her stomach , authorities say .  korena roberts , 28 , is charged with murder in snively 's death .  cops find snively 's body in roberts ' crawl space .  police called to roberts ' house for report of baby in distress ; baby could n't be save .
 cody simpson leads # happysoundslike playlist <sec> simpson helped curate the playlist to celebrate the un 's international day of happiness .  he will mark the day by performing at the sxsw festival .  fans are encouraged to share the songs that make them happ .
 5 reasons why the ipad was made to keep parents sane <sec> the ipad a great tool for business needs , it 's also the secret weapon of parenting .  the app that my kids seem to prefer is the `` jack and the beanstalk '' interactive book .  in terms of car-ride ipad savers , i 'd have to suggest the instant classic `` paper toss .
 review : the black keys ' 'el camino ' <sec> `` el camino '' is black keys ' awesomely down-and-dirty seventh album .  the new album trades the soulful stylings of `` brothers '' for harder-driving , faster-riffing rock & roll .  the opener , ''lonely boy , '' is all quick-shimmying drums and raunchy guitar .
 sports memorabilia nets millions in nyc auction <sec> `` shoeless '' joe jackson 's 1911 bat goes for nearly $ 1 million at auction .  babe ruth 's pocket watch , given to him after the 1923 world series , nets $ 717,000 .  the gloves muhammad ali wore when he beat sonny liston in go for $ 836,500 .  the auction was held at the ukrainian institute of america in new york cit .
 chinese coal-mining city is world 's most polluted <sec> the city of linfen has a permanent toxic smog hovering over the city .  air quality there is the equivalent of smoking three packs of cigarettes a day .  linfen produces and consumes large amount of coa .
 dozens killed in argentine storm , floods <sec> new : 48 deaths are reported in the city of la plata .  new : president declares three days of national mourning .  earlier , eight deaths were reported in buenos aires .  officials call it a storm without preceden .
 britain 's prince philip treated for blocked artery , report says <sec> new : prince philip is said to have undergone a procedure for a blocked coronary artery .  new : he will remain at the hospital for observation , the press association reports .  earlier , he complained of chest pains , a buckingham palace spokeswoman said .  philip , 90 , has been married to queen elizabeth ii for 64 year .
 chile 's mining minister : rescue on track for early november <sec> new : prototypes of cages to be used to hoist the men to the surface to be reviewed .  new : crews are betting on which of three drilling efforts will lead to rescue .  chile 's mining minister : rescue by early november or earlier is possible .  lead hole for plan b expected to break through to cavern this weeken .
 how to id covert cop cars <sec> ford crown victoria is the most popular police car currently in production .  chevy impalas blend in with traffic , but can hit 140 mph .  dodge magnum wagon sprints from 0-60 mph in under six seconds .  police say a ford mustang shelby gt500 intimidates speeder .
 palestinian statehood issue coming to a boil at u.n . <sec> new : obama completes meeting with abbas .  the palestinian leader says he does not expect the u.n. to act immediately .  argentina 's president : `` non-inclusion of palestine ... will create greater insecurity '' .  france 's president says a veto could spark violenc .
 teacher describes how he stopped shooting <sec> teacher says he promised students he 'd protect them if something happened .  david benke tackled gunman , but says he wishes he 'd done it earlier .  suspect bruco strongeagle eastwood , 32 , held on $ 1 million bail .  shooting takes place two miles from columbine high school , scene of 1999 rampag .
 cristiano ronaldo injured as real madrid title bid falters <sec> cristiano ronaldo limps off during real madrid 's draw at valladolid .  ronaldo lasted just nine minutes of 1-1 draw .  sergio ramos had fired visiting side ahead .  real four points off leader atletico with two games remainin .
 white house tries to combat drug demand with rehab <sec> drug court supporters say program is more effective than jail time .  biden stresses the importance of drug courts in announcing new drug czar .  obama vows crackdown on drug war but says stopping all drug flow is unrealistic .  legalizing marijuana is not an option , white house say .
 somali president defies al-shabaab by attending an event in mogadishu <sec> somali president attended a hotel opening in mogadishu 's militant occupied outskirts .  he was targeted by al-qaeda-linked group al-shabaab on his second day in office .  the president tells cnn that al-shabaab `` no longer call the shots in mogadishu .
 arrest after real estate agent beverly carter vanishes <sec> new : sheriff spokesman says there were text messages sent from missing agent 's phone .  lewis arrested in case of missing real estate agent , police say .  police say he left hospital sunday after wrecking his car .  volunteers resume their search for beverly carte .
 'weed wars ' star on politics , activism and wellness <sec> steve deangelo stars in the discovery channel reality series `` weed wars '' .  the show is about harborside health center , the world 's largest medicinal-cannabis dispensary .  deangelo says he and his show have had a positive effects on the views about cannabi .
 passengers contacted after woman with measles goes through 3 airports <sec> the infected passenger traveled from europe to the united states .  health officials are contacting those who may have been exposed to viral disease .  a different confirmed measles case in boston was woman who flew from franc .
 anti-piracy bill meets web-freedom backlash <sec> bill to fight online piracy being hit by huge web-freedom backlash .  the stop internet piracy act is intended to protect u.s. intellectual property .  web-freedom advocates say it 's too broad and could be used to shut down legit sites .  google , facebook are among web fixtures opposed to the pla .
 brooklyn man convicted of killing id theft victims <sec> dmitriy yakovlev was accused of killing two people and stealing their identities .  he faces life in prison after his conviction by a federal jur .
 how hawks ceo levenson 's email on race was discovered <sec> hawks ' general manager was accused of a racially insensitive remark .  the gm was punished ; his comment triggered the probe that led to levenson email .  levenson wrote that he wanted white cheerleaders and music familiar to whites .  he also said `` white fans might be afraid of our black fans , '' the owner acknowledge .
 heavy snow snarls travel in northern europe <sec> new : germany 's frankfurt airport , a major european hub , cancels 700 flights .  eurostar suspends its high-speed train services tuesday because of bad weather .  bus and train services to airports in paris start to recover after snow disruption .  motorists are stranded in southeast england as snow and ice paralyze road .
 hitler sought 'cordial relations ' with uk <sec> hitler wrote the letter 16 months before he became chancellor and seized power in 1933 .  andrew roberts : `` appeasement was his central message until the outbreak of war . '' .  delmer was the berlin correspondent of the daily expres .
 a war is raging against free speech <sec> frida ghitis : a recent anti-islam video became an inescapable topic at the united nations .  ghitis : some leaders say we should limit free speech to prevent insults to religions .  she says calls for anti-blasphemy laws should alarm democracy advocates .  ghitis : president barack obama is right to defend free speech and u.s. should push for i .
 police release composite photo of boy buried in playground sand <sec> boy found friday at alvarado park buried under sand in playground .  police say nobody has been reported missing , nobody has claimed body .  nobody knows name of boy dubbed `` baby justice '' or `` baby angel '' .  no cause of death for boy who may be native american or hispani .
 policeman detained in china after allegedly hurling baby on the ground <sec> a policeman in china 's henan province has sparked outrage by throwing a baby to the ground .  state media reported the off-duty officer had been drinking with friends before the incident .  a 2-year-old was killed in beijing in july in a similar inciden .
 from 'la serenissima ' to bunga bunga : how italy fell into a coma <sec> bill emmott : `` good italy and bad italy '' represent spit personalities of troubled country .  in 1950s , italy was europe 's `` emerging economy '' and a pioneering center for design .  old demons , including corruption and bloated public pensions , nearly bankrupted italy .  today italy 's biggest problem is the country 's refusal to take responsibility and chang .
 pakistanis get brief window to flee fighting <sec> curfew relaxed from 6 a.m. until 2 p.m. local time in swat valley , malakand .  taliban `` digging trenches , laying mines '' in disputed western city , expert says .  pakistan wants to push taliban south so it can encircle militants , expert says .  some 1.5 million people have been displaced by 10 months of fightin .
 analysts : more libyan bloodshed could prompt u.s. , nato intervention <sec> libyan leader moammar gadhafi has pledged to fight the rebellion to martyrdom .  analysts say u.s. military intervention is a remote thought for now .  but if bloodshed spirals out of control , u.s. may be likely to join a nato interventio .
 busts target synthetic drug makers , sellers <sec> federal , state and local authorities arrested more than 150 people since january .  hundreds of thousands of packaged synthetic drug packages seized , dea say .
 cybersecurity bill fails in senate <sec> the bill would have given the government three paths to fend off cyberattacks .  sen. lieberman : `` this is a moment of disappointment that i really can not conceal '' .  opponents argued it would have allowed too much government interventio .
 talk of peace does n't slow flow of blood , rockets <sec> new : palestinian death toll rises to 649 , israeli troop deaths up to 29 .  u.n. school shelled a second time ; aid agency blames israel .  `` stop fighting , start talking , '' u.n. secretary-general tells palestinians , israeli .
 blasts erupt near syrian ministry ; clinton in russia for meeting <sec> opposition groups release thursday casualty figures .  a damascus blast injured at least three people .  u.s. secretary of state hillary clinton will attend a meeting on syria , an official says .  red cross says its teams ca n't reach civilians trapped in hom .
 confiscated art returned after deal to probe nazi looting claims <sec> a stunning art collection confiscated from cornelius gurlitt has been returned to him .  he has agreed to return works to their owners if it 's proven they were stolen by the nazis .  gurlitt says he inherited the collection from his father and was unaware any were suspect .  the huge art trove was found in his munich apartment by german tax authorities in 201 .
 try 'old man ' haircut for misbehaving kids <sec> a georgia barber is giving the attention-getting haircut for free .  facebook and instagram posts go vira .
 the novel america needs in 2013 <sec> mark bauerlein : today 's 20-somethings want to stretch out their adolescence .  bauerlein : we need a comic novel that exposes the habits of `` pre-adults '' as ludicrous .  he says books have the power to fortify attitudes .  bauerlein : only all-out comedy or satire can show that pre-adults ' behavior is backwar .
 total lunar eclipse gives heavenly show <sec> the eclipse was visible to north america , greenland and iceland .  the united states wo n't see another total lunar eclipse until 2014 .  the last lunar eclipse to happen on the day of the winter solstice was in 1638 .
 british comedian rik mayall dead at 56 <sec> british actor and comedian rik mayall is dead at 56 .  mayall is best known for starring in tv series `` the young ones , '' `` blackadder '' and `` bottom '' .  he had lead role in movie `` drop dead fred , '' playing imaginary friend of phoebe cates .  comedian survived a near-fatal quad bike accident in 199 .
 it 's foolhardy to jeopardize iran talks <sec> 47 republican senators last week sent an open letter to iran 's leadership .  steve cohen and lawrence wilkerson say iran talks are at a critical stag .
 the afghan voice that wo n't be silenced <sec> popular afghan singer aryana sayeed has received death threats for dressing liberally .  sayeed says she 's targeted for advocating women 's rights .  a poll ranked afghanistan as the most dangerous place in the world for women in 2011 .  in the 1950s to 1970s , however , afghan women could walk the streets in skirts and heel .
 egypt 's new president to pick woman , christian vps <sec> a cairo court overturns a rule allowing the military to arrest civilians .  mohamed morsi 's adviser says he will pick a woman and a christian as vice presidents .  morsi has begun assembling a new government .  ahmed shafik will establish a new political party in egypt , his office say .
 somali lawmaker killed in al-shabaab attack <sec> islamist group al-shabaab claims responsibility .  lawmaker and a security guard killed in drive-by shooting .  mohamed mohamud hayd is third lawmaker to be killed in mogadishu this year .  second lawmaker injured in thursday 's attac .
 mubarak witness : no order to shoot protesters <sec> official : police were told to use tear gas , not live ammunition or automatic weapons .  the judge repeatedly clears the court due to bickering between lawyers , state tv says .  major clashes break out between police and protesters .  hosni mubarak faces a possible death penalty if convicte .
 trial of police official 's son turns cause célèbre <sec> goldkorn : web uproar focused on whether li will get light sentence or freedom .  li was reported to be drunk after running over two female students .  one died , another was injured .  li reportedly shouted , `` my daddy is li gang , '' a local deputy police chie .
 federal judge rules 2 patriot act provisions unconstitutional <sec> judge : search warrants issued without showing probable cause .  attorney seeks ruling after being wrongly linked to '04 madrid train bombing .  his suit says secret searches of house , office violated fourth amendment rights .  as part of suit settlement , he retained right to challenge parts of patriot ac .
 nasa not sure where space junk will come down <sec> pieces of the satellite will crash back to earth friday .  nasa ca n't predict the exact location of where they 'll hit .  in 1979 , skylab fell from orbit and some pieces hit australi .
 the scandalous art dealer who defined swinging london <sec> a strong , sweet smell of incense : a portrait of robert fraser pays tribute to the top london art dealer .  the pace london exhibition , curated by brian clarke , features artists represented , admired or known to fraser .  fraser was best known for being arrested with mick jagger and keith richards for drug possession in 196 .
 new photos celebrate 'earth from space ' <sec> `` earth from space '' is a book of photos that emphasizes the beauty of our planet .  the book contains more than 150 high-resolution images , shot from orbiting satellites .  the satellite photos incorporate infrared light and show unexpected color .
 boom for budget beds <sec> growth of budget hotels has been three times that of overall hotel market .  demand is strong among tourists and business travelers in europe u.s. and china .  boutique budget brands have helped raise the profile of the economical optio .
 administration criticized over oil spill estimates <sec> new : government officials says response since april mitigated problems .  panel 's staff said the government response undermined public trust .  report indicates the white house office refused to air worst-case figures .  the april 20 explosion claimed 11 lives , resulted in millions of barrels of oil going into gul .
