 duck-and-cover time for mars spacecraft <sec> comet siding spring to fly close to mars .  nasa will move its orbiters to dodge comet dust .  a fleet of space probes will observe the come .
 combat troops could be out of iraq within 19 months <sec> new : decision to be announced friday at camp lejeune , official says .  obama to approve 19-month time frame , military sources say .  during campaign , obama pledged to get troops out within 16 months .  pentagon said to be looking at exit routes through jordan , kuwai .
 spain : 12 held on terror charges <sec> those held suspected of providing cover for fugitives from madrid train bombings .  charges also cover involvement in financing and recruiting islamic terrorism .  madrid train bombing took place on march 11 , 2004 , killed 191 people .  the subsequent trial ended in 2007 with the convictions of 23 me .
 obama 's support slips ; controversies , sluggish economy cited <sec> new polls suggest president 's standing with americans continues to erode .  latest approval rating stands at 45 % , according to cnn poll of polls .  anxiety and skepticism over healtcare law and sluggish economy appear to contribute to declin .
 donald sterling purportedly says jealousy behind racist comments <sec> donald sterling 's wife vows to fight any effort to force her to sell , attorney says .  radaronline releases another purported audio recording of sterling .  the clippers owner allegedly says he was jealous that v. stiviano was with black men .  `` i 'm trying to have sex with her . .  i 'm trying to play with her , '' man purported to be sterling say .
 pedrosa holds off lorenzo in brno to cut motogp title gap <sec> honda 's dani pedrosa wins czech motogp in brno .  pedrosa cuts lead on title leader jorge lorenzo to 13 points .  yamaha 's lorenzo finished second after last lap duel .  cal crutchlow of britain on podium for first tim .
 shrimp-based invention new step in plastic <sec> harvard researchers have developed plastic made of shrimp shells , silk .  so-called `` shrilk '' can be hard or flexible .  substance is also biodegradabl .
 swiss star senderos in talks with everton <sec> philippe senderos in talks to leave arsenal and join english rivals everton .  switzerland defender wants regular first-team action ahead of 2010 world cup .  senderos spent an injury-hit loan spell with italy 's ac milan last season .  the 24-year-old joined arsenal in 2003 from swiss club servett .
 sri lankan president receives response to scathing u.n. report <sec> sri lanka produces a 400-page response to u.n. allegations that it committed war crimes .  the u.n. report says the government used `` widespread shelling '' that killed many civilians .  sri lanka 's response will be presented to parliament , though the president did not say when .  the country 's civil war ended in may 2009 after the government declared victor .
 unc fake class scandal and ncaa 's response wind their way to d.c . <sec> a congressman questions the ncaa 's decision not to sanction unc in fake class scandal .  a student-athlete group files complaints with the department of education over `` paper classes '' .  unc has sought new investigation since exposure of low literacy among athlete .
 live nation 's 'no service fee ' tickets do carry fees <sec> live nation promotion does n't mention narrow definition of a `` service fee '' .  company says no service fees charged from 12:01 a.m. to 11:59 p.m. wednesday .  spokesman tells cnn : fans will still pay parking , facility or charity fees .  billboard writer says `` people get a little ticked off '' when they see the charge .
 kidnappers holding 60 mine defusers in afghanistan <sec> the landmine crew of afghan natives was on its way to clear areas of herat province .  the abductors took the workers , their vehicles and their equipment to a village .  then the workers were forced to go into the mountains .  eight of the abducted fled ; tribal leaders are being called on to help release those still hel .
 rivers ' doctor denies 'unauthorized procedure ' <sec> new : clinic says it made changes requested by accreditation group after rivers ' death .  dr. gwen korovin `` categorically denies '' what a source tells cnn .  the source says that korovin joked that rivers would 've thought selfie was funny .  korovin is well known for helping celebrities with voice troubl .
 new health care changes are only the beginning <sec> several key health care reform provisions go into effect thursday .  the number of uninsured in the united states increased by 17 percent between 2008 , 2009 .  new plans include free screenings and immunization .
 body found after plane crash off puerto rico <sec> coast guard launches search missions for five still missing after plane went down .  divers find man 's body near shore of quebradillas , puerto rico .  search complicated by the roughness of the area , u.s. coast guard official says .  six onboard private plane returning to puerto rico from dominican republi .
 families 'in limbo ' after russian adoption ban <sec> josh and jenni johnston told orphan anastasia they would return for her .  the new jersey couple has no idea how the new law will affect them .  their faith , sympathy for special-needs children led them to look for hiv-positive orphan .  mother of child adopted from russia says bill will hurt orphans in need of home .
 new investigation launched into prostitution scandal <sec> the homeland security acting inspector general announces an investigation .  the secret service and u.s. military are already conducting their own reviews .  twenty-four people are linked to the scandal : 12 from the secret service and 12 from the military .  the incident happened before a presidential trip to the summit of the americas in colombi .
 dozens killed in iraqi pilgrimage suicide bombing <sec> suicide bomber kills at least 40 people and injures 70 in baghdad .  dead included many iranians who were marking shia holy period of ashura .  the bomber was a woman wearing an abaya , a robe-like dress , official say .
 philippines volcano eruption likely soon <sec> `` hazardous explosive eruption is possible within days , '' philippine authorities say .  more than 220 volcanic quakes and tremors have been recorded in recent days .  more than 30,000 people fled their homes last week ahead of an expected eruption .  last major eruption of mayon volcano was in 199 .
 never-kissed woman wows cowell -- and cyberspace <sec> 47-year-old british charity worker wows simon cowell with singing .  clip of susan boyle singing has become a youtube sensation .  boyle , from west lothian , scotland , said she wanted to be a professional singe .
 tagging teen drivers for their protection <sec> research finds putting restrictions on young drivers lowers accident rates .  some countries require new drivers to post warning signs on their cars .  mother of teen invents magnets for cars that warn , caution newly licensed .  identifying teens lets police enforce restrictions such as number of passenger .
 opinion : why google developed glass <sec> astro teller : the way technology interacts with us is ready for a serious overhaul .  teller : google glass is meant to seamlessly integrate our digital and physical lives .  he says when a technology reaches a point of invisibility , it has reached ultimate goal .  teller : google glass , if we evolve it the right way , should become a 10x improvemen .
 japanese nuclear plant to go off line after pm 's warning <sec> chubu electric company says it is shutting down reactors at the hamaoka nuclear plant .  ventilating the reactor building at fukushima daiichi will allow employees to work there longer .  an earthquake and tsunami hit the nuclear facility on march 11 .  reactor workers and nuclear safety officials measure radiation at the plan .
 new yorkers stuck with syrupy smell , but can breathe easy <sec> new york finally identifies mysterious maple syrup-like smell that first arose in 2005 .  mayor bloomberg says new jersey factory processing fenugreek seeds is source .  new york , new jersey officials say residents will have to tolerate the benign smel .
 north korea threatens 'a sea of fire ' upon south korea <sec> north korea makes 'sea of fire ' threat after south korea holds exercises .  the south stages one-year anniversary exercises near yeonpyeong island .  a year ago , the north shelled the island , killing two marines and two civilian .
 ohio school shooter shows contempt , no remorse during sentencing <sec> prosecutor says victims ' families kept composure .  `` you are evil , '' mother of wounded victim tells lane .  during hearing , lane obscenely gestures at victims ' families .  he wore a `` killer '' t-shirt at sentencin .
 mike birbiglia joins 'orange is the new black ' <sec> the comic will appear on season 3 .  birbiglia appeared in `` the fault in our stars '' .  there is no info on who he will portra .
 final tally shows yanukovich wins ukraine election <sec> vote count shows yanukovich won ukraine 's presidential election .  official declaration yet to come amid a refusal from rival tymoshenko to accept defeat .  officials from tymoshenko 's party say she has evidence of election fraud .  the osce hailed the election as `` professional , transparent and honest .
 saudi arabia reports 4 new coronavirus cases <sec> saudi arabia reports four new cases of a novel coronavirus , or ncov .  three of the patients are still being treated , and the fourth was discharged from a hospital .  more than half the confirmed cases of ncov so far have resulted in the patient 's deat .
 travel + leisure names 2014 world 's best cities <sec> annual list looks to japan to name world 's best city .  travel + leisure magazine awards based on a survey of readers , with destinations , venues and services rated .  kyoto replaces longtime winner bangkok , which dropped out of top 10 following political turmoi .
 shuttle blasts off for final hubble fix <sec> space shuttle atlantis blasts off monday on final visit to the hubble space telescope .  it 's been seven years since nasa 's last hubble servicing mission in 2002 .  astronauts will complete five grueling space walks some 350 miles up in space .  in its 19 years in orbit , the hubble has changed our understanding of the univers .
 diplomat arrested in iran on car sex charge <sec> diplomat said to have been in `` indecent sexual relation '' with woman in car .  swiss embassy staffer was seen with woman `` in an obscene situation '' .  incident occurred after diplomat promised to marry the woman , reports sai .
 report : iran arrests alleged mi6 spy working for britain in iran <sec> the accused spy was arrested in southeastern iran 's kerman province , news agency says .  the man allegedly met with british intelligence officers 11 times , isna reports .  the uk foreign office says it does not comment on intelligence matter .
 vatican warns of papal ticket scams <sec> some tour operators are claiming to sell tickets for the beatification of john paul ii .  no tickets are needed to attend the ceremony may 1 , vatican emphasizes .  2 million pilgrims are expected to flock to st. peter 's square for the ceremon .
 storms blast southern michigan , leave many without power <sec> some 29,000 are without power in calhoun county , michigan .  severe weather hit battle creek 's business and residential area , emergency director says .  450 flights were canceled in chicag .
 from bridal shop to ebola ward : who is amber vinson ? <sec> amber vinson 's uncle says she was n't told not to travel , got ok to fly .  he says she felt fine in ohio ; an official says she was achy , fatigued .  the 29-year-old nurse is hospitalized with the deadly ebola virus .  she is described as a straight-a student and a sweethear .
 obama mentor admits sharp criticism of sotomayor , others on high court <sec> constitutional scholar laurence tribe said sotomayor could have a `` negative impact '' .  he also was critical of three other justices and some being considered for appointment .  his comments were in a letter to obama in may 200 .
 uk orders 10,000 taser guns to arm police <sec> police officers across england and wales to armed with taser stun guns .  guns fire barbed darts charged with enough electricity to stun a person .  decision to roll out tasers across england and wales follows pilot program .  human rights group criticizes plan to use `` potentially lethal electrical weapons .
 icp : hate us , do n't hate the fans <sec> insane clown posse 's new album , `` mighty death pop '' was released august 14 .  juggalos attended the gathering , a music festival in rural illinois last weekend .  icp 's founders said it plans to sue fbi for labeling its fans a gang .  ' '' this is the government 's way of telling us what you can listen to , '' violent j sai .
 ask fifa boss sepp blatter your questions <sec> your chance to quiz the boss of global soccer , the head of fifa , sepp blatter .  blatter , president of fifa since 1998 , is leading body through fourth world cup .  cnn will speak to blatter in an exclusive interview in zurich , on 29 march -- add your questio .
 liver transplant donor fight is brewing <sec> there is a shortage of liver transplant donors in the united states .  only 6,000 of nearly 16,000 people on waiting list get a liver transplant each year .  there are big regional differences in how many will get a transplan .
 uae : terrorists attacked oil tanker <sec> state agency says attack was terror-related .  at first , united arab emirates officials had denied terror link .  tanker was targeted while passing through strait of hormu .
 love match . rory helps caroline at msg tennis exhibition against maria sharapova <sec> rory mcilroy turns his hand to tennis at an exhibition event in new york .  new golf no.1 'wins ' rally against russian superstar maria sharapova .  sharapova beats mcilroy 's girlfriend 6-3 6-4 .  andy roddick beats roger federer 7-5 7-6 at madison square garde .
 peru approves first step toward extradition of joran van der sloot <sec> new : an attorney predicts joran van der sloot will be extradicted within three months .  a formal extradition request has not yet been submitted .  van der sloot was sentenced to 28 years in prison in peru for a murder there .  he is charged with extortion in alabama in connection with the natalee holloway cas .
 michelle obama steals the show in copenhagen <sec> obamas in copenhagen making a pitch to bring 2016 olympics to chicago .  first lady talks about her roots on chicago 's south side , father 's battle with ms .  `` i am dreaming of an olympic and paralympic games in chicago , '' she said .  international olympic committee will announce winner after 12:30 p.m . .  et .
 u.s. report : mexico should focus on cops , not military <sec> the majority staff of the senate foreign relations committee releases a report on mexico .  it concludes that the focus should be on training police and judiciary .  the report says the largely military effort has been ineffective or counterproductiv .
 letting go <sec> meloney dunning is the winner of real simple 's `` life lessons essay contest '' .  dunning 's newborn suffered an intra-vencular hemorrhage .  dunning held her son in her arms as he die .
 tuskegee airmen deaths leave few to carry on 'legacy ' <sec> two tuskegee airmen died in los angeles last week .  the airmen were pioneering african-americans .  perhaps about are 200 still alive , says historia .
 obama talks economy , football in pre-super bowl interview <sec> obama says the fourth-quarter economic dip was `` self-inflicted '' .  `` washington can not continually operate under a cloud of crisis , '' he tells cbs .  in the pre-super bowl interview , obama says he wants to make football safe .
 apple ceo : google glass a 'difficult ' product <sec> `` from a mainstream point of view , this is difficult , `` apple ceo tim cook says of google glass .  cook spoke tuesday night at a tech conference in suburban los angeles .  google glass is a piece of computing hardware wrapped around the face .  it has been distributed to its first group of beta testers in the real worl .
 ukraine : shells hit school , bus , killing 9 <sec> shells hit a school and a public transit bus in rebel-held donetsk , ukraine , officials say .  wednesday was first day of school year in donetsk , rebels say .  regional authority blames rebels , who blame ukrainian militar .
 opinion : what we should have learned from the 'watergate babies ' <sec> julian zelizer : the last few reformers elected after watergate are retiring .  their key message : cleaning up government should precede policy changes .  zelizer says barack obama promised change in 2008 but largely abandoned the effort .  he says u.s. needs to rein in lobbyists , regulate campaign donations , remove secrec .
 could a warming world lead to pocket-sized sheep ? <sec> study of wild sheep in scotland suggests climate change making them smaller .  authors of report suggest that climate change can override natural selection .  wild soay sheep in remote outer hebrides closely studied since 198 .
 mob burns kenyans seeking refuge in church <sec> new : red cross : 120 people have been reported dead , 1,000 injured .  international observers have called into question kenyan election results .  witnesses : mob set fire to church and burned people to death .  the vote was marred by allegations of vote-rigging by both of the main partie .
 behind the scenes : amanpour 's notes from north korea <sec> north korea assignment is `` holy grail '' because country is closed off to real world .  amanpour covered the new york philharmonic 's historic concert in pyongyang .  north koreans have no internet , no freedom of travel or freedom of expression .  official : philharmonic playing both national anthems was act of `` political courage .
 decorated boston police officer shot in the face <sec> boston police officer john moynihan is released from the hospital .  video shows that the man later shot dead by police in boston opened fire first .  moynihan was shot in the face during a traffic sto .
 opinion : how nixon 's scandal still hurts america <sec> julian zelizer : the watergate scandal had a devastating effect on american politics .  we still live in the era of watergate , the scandal still reverberates today .  he says current politics is filled with accusations , scandals with the suffix `` gate '' .  watergate created a climate where americans do n't really trust governmen .
 white supremacist leader killed in south africa <sec> far-right leader terreblanche was bludgeoned and stabbed to death .  two of terreblanche 's farm workers have turned themselves into police .  terreblanche best known for trying to block south africa 's effort to end apartheid .  his death comes amid a time of heightened racial polarization in the countr .
 new bin laden raid fallout for u.s. , pakistan ? <sec> pakistan may charge a doctor with treason for helping u.s. officials find osama bin laden .  case creates new strains in already troubled u.s.-pakistan relationship , analysts say .  the united states may have little ability to help the docto .
 debate analysis : palin spoke at 10th-grade level , biden at eighth <sec> language monitoring service says palin spoke at 9.5 , biden at 7.8 .  candidates tied at sentences per paragraph and letters per word .  higher grade level does n't mean a better sentence , expert say .
 social media both friend and foe for china 's new leaders <sec> beijing blows hot and cold on social media and its role as a forum for public debate .  home-grown sites like weibo are valued as a controllable tool .  facebook , twitter remain blocked amid fears they could become hotbeds of dissent .  current atmosphere of relative tolerance is likely to continue under china 's new leader .
 myk manon 's specialty : restoring electricity after disaster <sec> engineers fly from u.s. to dominican republic 4 days after quake , drive to haiti .  they find 4 power plants off line , power lines down , 56-ton transformers off their bases .  before the quake , only 60 % of capital 's residents had electricity ; 40 % nationwide .  with scant safety supplies and tools , team and haitians restore service to 25 % of customer .
 violent protests flare in rio de janeiro 's copacabana beach <sec> protesters in copacabana took to the streets after a dancer was found dead , state media reported .  demonstrators told brazilian media they blame police for the death .  security officials say the dancer 's injuries appear consistent with a fall .  the clashes come as authorities step up security before the world cu .
 woman who triggered jetliner scare being sent back to france <sec> lucie zeeko merigot will be sent home rather than charged , prosecutors say .  woman had told flight crew a device was implanted in her .  merigot was booked after us airways flight 787 made an unscheduled stop in maine .  she faced a court appearance wednesday afternoon , federal prosecutors sai .
