 octuplet mom 's doctor faces license revocation hearing <sec> new : suleman has 29 embryos she could still use .  medical board says doctor placed a dozen embryos in nadya suleman .  doctor was allegedly `` grossly negligent '' in treating suleman .  suleman already had six children when she gave birth to octuplet .
 massive pumps departing u.s. for japan nuclear plant <sec> the pumps are being loaded friday onto russian cargo jets .  they will leave from atlanta and los angeles .  they 'll be used at japan 's crippled fukushima daiichi nuclear plan .
 opinion : facebook rejects rape culture . can you ? <sec> soraya chemaly : horrid images of women abuse on facebook sparked drive for change .  she says facebook was not effectively enforcing own rules ; women bore brunt of abuses .  she says moderators ' gender bias to blame , but it 's rooted in our larger culture of misogyny .  chemaly : facebook addressing problem ; hopefully cultural tide will start to shift as wel .
 helping your family does n't have to mean you ca n't retire <sec> six in 10 americans older than 50 provide financial support to family .  the vast majority of them do not expect anything in return for the money .  but many do not make financial plans that incorporate helping older relatives .  family is still important to americans , even as the economy improve .
 iowa governor says chris christie 's pig veto was 'good decision ' <sec> new jersey gov . .  chris christie announced friday he would veto a bill banning pig gestation crates .  iowa gov . .  terry branstad praised christie 's decision in a press conference monday .  christie is considering a 2016 presidential bi .
 clinton announces funding for palestinian refugees <sec> secretary of state hillary clinton made comments at world refugee day .  u.s. is largest source of support for refugees , victims of conflict internationally , clinton said .  clinton said the u.s. providing $ 1.7 billion last yea .
 mexico 's president-elect focuses on economy during u.s. visit <sec> mexico 's president-elect meets with u.s. president barack obama .  enrique pena nieto says he wants to reshuffle the priorities the countries share .  there is potential for more trade , manufacturing and energy deals , he says .  pena nieto takes office as mexico 's president saturda .
 motorists could see $ 3 gas at pumps by christmas <sec> gas prices increase by nearly four cents .  a gallon of gas is nearly 28 cents higher than last year .  prices could reach $ 3 per gallon by christmas , survey publisher say .
 biofuels take to the skies in airline tests <sec> continental airlines used biofuel mix in 737 jet test flight .  virgin atlantic and air new zealand have also tested biofuels in their aircraft .  biofuel blends in aviation fuel could go into service in three to five year .
 antarctica rescue : chinese ship stuck in ice too <sec> new : xue long icebreaker is beset by ice and ca n't move .  chinese ship 's helicopter helped rescue 52 passengers thursday .  xue long 's captain says no assistance is needed and vessel will try to break free .  australian icebreaker carrying the rescued people chugs toward bas .
 n.y. mayor wants to extend term limits , run again <sec> michael bloomberg asking city council to change two-term limit so he can run again .  mayor credited with helping new york recover after september 11 , 2001 .  first elected just two months after the attacks , he spent millions on campaign .  before becoming mayor , bloomberg was billionaire businessma .
 easyjet moscow route will attract business travel <sec> easyjet boss mccall estimates about one third of passengers on the flight from london to moscow .  mccall -- who was appointed ceo in july 2010 -- says the biggest challenge is cost advantage .  `` our biggest cost after fuel is airports , '' says chief executive carolyn mccal .
 10 unique things about cyprus <sec> legend says aphrodite , goddess of love , is a cypriot .  the island 's national symbol is a sheep -- a very shy one .  cyprus is home to what may be the world 's oldest wine .  its astounding roman mosaics are among the best preserved anywher .
 schedule tracks first lady during lewinsky affair <sec> documents shed light on clinton 's schedule during affair and resulting scandal .  papers also document her involvement in policy , specifically health care reform .  more than 11,000 documents cover nearly 2,900 day .
 cuba to do away with dual currency system <sec> cuba has two currencies : the cuban peso , cup , and the hard currency convertible peso , cuc .  most cubans are paid in the cup ; purchases of most goods require the cuc .  the change is to be a gradual process , the cuban communist party newspaper granma say .
 federal court to take up alabama teen 'rape bait ' case <sec> federal appeals court says it will hear case of girl , then 14 , used as rape bait .  in 2010 , teacher 's aide used jaden in failed attempt to catch alleged sexual predator .  `` i just felt like i was set up by the teachers , '' says jaden , now 19 years ol .
 helene weakens to tropical depression <sec> helene weakens to a tropical depression .  it pours rain on an area recovering from a recent hurricane .  mexico discontinues all tropical storm warning .
 no men allowed at turkish football match <sec> as many as 43,000 mostly female fans watch fenerbahce play manisaspor in istanbul .  male fans had been banned because of a pitch invasion last july .  turkish football has been mired in a match fixing scandal .  club vice-president ali koc tells cnn 's pedro pinto the match was `` historic .
 report : china trying to crack u.s. computers , buy nukes <sec> pentagon : chinese military expanding its navy , investing in weapons .  officials worry china is trying to hack into u.s. military computers .  `` intrusions '' have already happened , officials say , though info was not classified .  pentagon : china 's lack of transparency makes it hard to know the extent of activit .
 after outcry over map of gun permit holders , newspaper hires armed guards <sec> a newspaper in suburban new york published an online map of handgun permit-holders .  the publication triggered strong response , including e-mails .  an editor at the paper reported one e-mail to police .  the resulting police report confirms private armed guards were hired by the pape .
 suspect in celebrity hacker case 'sorry for all of this ' <sec> new : suspect says , `` i am very sorry for all of this '' .  christopher chaney says he was not attempting to sell private information he got from celebrity accounts .  victims include scarlett johansson , mila kunis , christina aguilera .  the celebrity hacker suspect is ordered to appear in a los angeles court on november .
 garcia-lopez continues top form in japan <sec> thailand open champion guillermo garcia-lopez continues his fine run of form .  he sees off saw off sixth seed feliciano lopez 7-6 6-4 to move into the last eight .  czech radek stepanek and russian dmitry tursunov also through to the last eigh .
 northern lights seen farther south than usual <sec> the northern lights are seen as far south as atlanta and memphis , tennessee .  the display typically happens once every three or four years .  the light show is caused when a solar flare interacts with the earth 's magnetic fiel .
 police hunt taxi clue to russian banker 's london shooting <sec> former russian banker german gorbuntsov shot outside his home in east london .  attacker was reportedly armed with a sub-machine-gun ; gorbuntsov is critically ill .  police want to speak to taxi driver who dropped victim off shortly before attac .
 death toll rises in mexican border city shooting <sec> a prosecutor says 14 people were killed and 14 others were injured .  authorities are investigating the backgrounds of the victims .  mexico 's national human rights commission is sending a team to the neighborhoo .
 can botox aid stroke victims ? <sec> bottom line : botox can help stroke victims ease a painful side effec .
 carey mulligan : how 'gatsby ' era women inspired me <sec> the great gatsby portrays glamorous , decadent women of 1920s american society .  who were the real women of `` the great gatsby '' era ? .  carey mulligan , isla fisher & elizabeth debicki tell cnn who inspired their character .
 nerds and jocks getting along ? <sec> what happens when nerds and jocks share atlanta for labor day weekend ? .  fairy wings and vampire fangs or football jerseys and face paint , everyone is in costume .  dragoncon and the chick-fil-a kickoff game offer events across downtown atlanta .  over 100,000 nerds and jocks could be in downtown atlanta at the same time this weeken .
 parents plead for return of missing missouri 10-month-old <sec> lisa irwin was last seen asleep at her home at 10:30 p.m. monday .  police say it appears someone came in through a window .  lisa 's parents : please drop her off in a safe plac .
 opinion : record cold does n't disprove global warming <sec> adam sobel : we 've seen coldest weather in about 20 years in much of the u.s . .  he says the fluctuations of normal winter weather patterns are to blame .  sobel : the effects of global warming are seen in more frequent high temperatures .  global warming is real and serious , but it 's more gradual than seasonal shifts in climate , he say .
 suspected pirates turned over to yemen <sec> new : video supports danish navy 's explanation that it rescued men .  danish navy says its warship rescued seven men found in powerless skiff .  it says they were found approximately 75 nautical miles off coast of yemen .  yemen disputes navy 's account , says its coast guard rescued the suspected pirate .
 hillary clinton subtly swipes at mitt romney over auto bailout <sec> hillary clinton knocks those who wanted to `` let detroit go bankrupt '' .  clinton argued the decision would have `` let manufacturing just wither away '' .  mitt romney famously wrote an oped titled `` let detroit go bankrupt '' in 2008 .  the oped was used effectively against romney during his failed 2012 presidential ru .
 ambassador : trip signals obama 's ties with israel <sec> israeli ambassador : barack obama making first trip to israel as president .  michael oren says trip will reinforce israel 's legitimacy and reassure the nation .  obama will inspect anti-missile battery and visit grave of father of zionism , he says .  oren : israel will demonstrate its appreciation for u.s. support for mideast peace and securit .
 mystery photo challenge : where in the world is this port ? <sec> the answer is hong kong .  check the mainsail page for future photo challenge .
 rugby sevens : from butcher 's shop to sport 's top table <sec> rugby sevens started in the scottish borders town of melrose in 1883 .  a butcher called ned haig came up with idea to raise money for his local club .  fiji and new zealand have both won the sevens world cup twice .  sevens will be a part of the 2016 olympics in rio de janeir .
 finance minister steps down amid dispute with medvedev <sec> russian finance minister kudrin steps down over differences with medvedev .  medvedev has already signed the order dismissing kurdin .  the economist has been credited with helping russia weather the global downtur .
 states crack down on pet abuse to protect women <sec> 18 % to 45 % of women remain with an abuser in fear of what he may do to a pet upon leaving .  21 states have enacted laws to include pets in domestic violence protection orders .  ahimsa house in atlanta looks after pets for domestic violence victims until they find housing .  71 % of women report their batterer had injured , killed or threatened a pet to exert contro .
 iwc 's shame : japan 's whale slaughter <sec> junichi sato , colleague face charges after finding corruption in japan 's whaling industry .  sato : he and toru suzuki were held , questioned , often taped to chairs , for 23 days .  sato says japan uses guise of `` scientific research '' to slaughter whales .  sato : as iwc does nothing , iceland , norway and japan kill 30,000 whale .
 'tell somebody , ' if you 're thinking of suicide , says general <sec> brig . .  gen. stephen j. townsend spoke to troops about suicide problem .  do n't hesitate to seek medical attention for a psychological injury , he says .  suicide bad for soldiers , families , units , army , country , says general .  fort campbell 's suicide rate , highest in army , `` is not a good statistic , '' says genera .
 man decapitates 5-year-old sister in front of officer <sec> kerby revelus had an arrest history involving domestic violence , police say .  they say he killed sisters , 5 and 17 , but police saved another sibling , age 9 .  police chief : `` it 's hard to imagine that kind of tragedy , that kind of horror .
 cost only security problem at jackson memorial <sec> new : city of los angeles taking donations for security efforts via its web site .  crowds do not meet police expectations ; as many as 15,000 wait outside .  security at the event is expected to cost from $ 2 million to $ 4 million .  no police reports were filed in relation to the service , police sa .
 opinion : tackling the military 's insider threat <sec> peter bergen : the washington navy yard shootings not an isolated case .  there has been a string of cases of veterans and service people attacking military targets .  bergen says it 's good that defense department is reviewing flaws in security .  bergen : one issue that slipped through the cracks was status of contractor .
 battle to contain arizona wildfire continues , but some can return home <sec> new : light winds monday night keep smoke at bay .  but the fire has now burned 706 square miles .  residents are returning to springerville , eagar .  officials say the blaze is 10 % containe .
 king abdullah 's legacy : 5 things to know <sec> king abdullah had a reputation as a reformer , but his record disappointed some .  he faced stiff opposition to reform from religious conservatives within the kingdom .  some credit his commitment to education and economic reform as his key legac .
 oculus chief : we want 1 billion people in virtual reality <sec> oculus ceo : we want a virtual-reality world with 1 billion people in it .  brendan iribe says facebook deal was attractive because of network 's size .  he says gaming is still important , but vr will transform social .  iribe was speaking at techcrunch disrupt in new yor .
 high price derails some u.s. bullet trains <sec> wisconsin , ohio lose $ 1.2 billion in high-speed rail funds .  officials question whether it 's still possible to build big .  4,700 jobs would be created , outgoing governor said .  `` the estimates , i think , are woefully optimistic , '' says governor-elec .
 lou scheimer , producer of 'fat albert ' and 'he-man , ' dies at 84 <sec> scheimer was a pioneer in saturday morning cartoons such as `` superman '' .  his filmation studio later produced `` fat albert , `` he-man '' and `` she-ra '' .  scheimer 's voice appeared on some cartoons .  dreamworks bought the filmation library last yea .
 armenian cave yields what may be world 's oldest leather shoe <sec> 5,500-year-old leather shoe found in armenian cave .  footwear may have been left as offering .  in 2 years since shoe was found , leather has hardene .
 hms victory : world 's oldest warship to get $ 25m facelift <sec> hms victory is the world 's oldest commissioned warship .  british defense authorities have awarded a £16 million ( $ 25m ) contract to revamp the ship .  much of the restoration will be done by hand using traditional specialist skill .
 five guantanamo detainees transferred <sec> three of the detainees are sent to georgia .  the other two are sent to slovakia .  the five were approved for transfer by a task force that looked at security risk .  one detainee is a yemeni who had been held for more than 10 year .
 pakistani province in mourning after blasts kill scores <sec> new : baloch insurgents are blamed for one attack ; sunni militants , for a double-bombing .  police say the death toll from the bomb blasts in quetta has risen to 97 .  a separate attack in the swat valley kills 21 people .  a three-day mourning period begins in the restive province of balochista .
 airline industry group slashes profit forecast for 2011 <sec> oil prices , political unrest and natural disasters are to blame for revised numbers .  earthquake in japan affecting profitability for asia-pacific and north american carriers .  political turmoil is affecting profitability in the middle east and africa .  industry group has slashed profit forecast once already in 201 .
 google glass users fight privacy fears <sec> google glass users have faced some negative reactions from businesses and strangers .  most people are curious , but many have privacy concerns about the wearable devices .  though they both have cameras , the reaction to glass is different than smartphone .
 oil hits alabama , mississippi barrier islands <sec> new : large patches of oil offshore .  new : nearby mississippi island also hit .  protective booms cover only part of the alabama island .  feds checking out spill , coast guard adm. thad allen say .
 former mexican president pushes for pot legalization <sec> with legalization , vicente fox says , `` we avoid the violence '' of the drug trade .  he says marijuana production and distribution should be in the hands of businessmen .  a former microsoft executive says he plans to create a national cannabis brand .  the former mexican president says he is n't involved in the business , but supports i .
 man who threatened 'south park ' creators gets 25 years in prison <sec> new : a `` south park '' episode depicting mohammed in a bear suit upset chesser , documents say .  new : chesser admitted posting show writers ' addresses and urging readers to `` pay them a visit '' .  chesser tried to join a militant group in somalia .  he faced a maximum of 30 year .
 discover a shopper 's heaven in malmo <sec> swedish clogs and traditional wooden toys make great souvenirs .  if you 're in to eco-friendly shopping , head to drottningtorget .  find gifts for people who are impossible to buy for at design torget .  for fashion-forward apparel , check out local designers like robert & bla .
 'the interview ' : welcome to the troll age ( opinion ) <sec> jeff yang : films have often helped shape course of history .  uncertainty still surrounds sony hack , yang says .  but it may mark the emergence of a new chapter in geopolitics , he say .
 cameron raves about planned 'avatar ' sequels <sec> `` avatar '' sequels will be `` bitchin ' , '' says james cameron .  director and producer working on films ' scripts in new zealand .  `` avatar '' is top-grossing film of all time .  sequels are due in 2016 and thereafte .
 chinese condom maker wants to go global <sec> china condom maker safedom is looking to go global , aiming at industry giant durex .  the company , majority-owned by its founder , has grown rapidly in its short lif .
 israel : palestinian attacks jewish family with acid <sec> new : israel releases a photo of the car in which the acid attack occurred .  a palestinian attacked the family and a hitchhiker they were picking up , the idf says .  the suspect is a 44-year-old palestinian who 's been involved in `` hostile '' activities , idf says .  scattered protests take place in west bank over death of palestinian ministe .
 beyond the dmz : tweeting from north korea <sec> jean h. lee may have been the first person to send a mobile tweet from north korea .  the country last month launched a new 3g wireless network , available only to foreigners .  lee , of the ap , is the only u.s. reporter granted regular access to the secretive nation .  she spoke saturday at the south by southwest interactive festival in texa .
 televangelist long to take time off after divorce filing <sec> new : church insisted long is not stepping down .  eddie long blames the pressures vanessa has faced as pastor 's wife .  vanessa long said she is proceeding with divorce , despite a church statement that she was withdrawing it .  long settled a lawsuit by young men who said he pressured them into sexual relationship .
 the thorny business of sea urchins <sec> the domestic popularity of sea urchins has grown considerably in recent years .  maine is grappling with the demand and conservation efforts .  urchins are wanted at restaurants for their prized roe , called un .
