 pervez musharraf to face treason charges in pakistan <sec> pervez musharraf returned to pakistan this year after a self-imposed exile .  he is the former president and military chief of the country .  he could face death if convicted of treason .  his spokeswoman says he believes his name will be cleare .
 australia : over 170 sharks caught under controversial cull program <sec> some 50 large sharks killed under culling scheme in australia 's largest state .  western australia government says the program helps improve beach safety and adds to scientific research .  according to conservationists , there is no evidence the policy has been successful .  the western australia government wants to extend the program for three more year .
 toni nadal courts controversy with 'old-fashioned ' views on female coach <sec> toni nadal queries appointment of gala leon garcia as spain 's davis cup team captain .  rafa 's uncle says choosing a woman to captain could cause issues in dressing room .  the 53-year-old also says `` a woman just as capable as a man '' and that he 's `` no sexist '' .  andy murray , who is coached by amelie mauresmo , tweets support to garci .
 sweden 's princess lilian dies at the age of 97 <sec> princess lilian dies in stockholm at the age of 97 .  born in wales , the divorcee married prince bertil in 1976 .  due to succession problems , the couple waited three decades to get married .  she was the oldest member of the swedish royal family at the time of her deat .
 obama 's weapon : a dose of homecoming king charm <sec> a president ca n't be effective without being liked , marketing professor says .  obama 's ratings as a person are higher than those of his policies .  obama 's ceremonial role of being u.s. homecoming king affects u.s. image abroad .  too early to tell if polling will be a trend or `` just a blip , '' politics professor say .
 texas democrats : judge who said obama could trigger civil war should quit <sec> democrats call for county judge tom head 's resignation .  the county republican chief offers head `` moral support '' .  head says obama will try to cede u.s. sovereignty to the u.n . .  the warning was linked to a push for taxes , cnn affiliate kjtv reporte .
 road to nowhere : could drones be the highways of the future ? <sec> matternet and aria are exploring the possibility of dense drone networks that could deliver goods to remote areas .  the idea is to connect regions or towns where roads are unreliable or do not reach .  preliminary vehicle tests have already taken place in haiti and the dominican republi .
 be careful when diagnosing your ailments online <sec> according to a pew report , 80 % of internet users have looked up health info online .  sites like mayo clinic and others curated by doctors are safer .  it 's better to be cautious in online forums of non-experts .  internet information does not replace a second opinio .
 nra 's video game smacks of hypocrisy <sec> nra releases shooting video game rated for ages 4 and up for free download .  christopher ferguson : nra condemned video game industry less than a month ago .  ferguson says the nra does n't even take its own claims seriously .  as queasy as the app is , video games do not cause more violence , he say .
 ron paul 's money plan is far from golden <sec> ron paul won the presidential straw poll at the cpac conference .  david frum says part of paul 's appeal is his advocacy of basing dollars on precious metals .  he says the gold standard made the downturn of the 1930s into the great depression .  the markets wo n't take seriously any revival of the gold standard , he say .
 review : 'the darkest hour ' is thrill-less <sec> the space invaders of this surprisingly thrill-less moscow-set thriller are invisible .  it 's clear from early on that these characters are as indistinct and lazily rendered .  but when the script switches genres it loses whatever momentum it ha .
 band 's parody helps keep auto-tune alive <sec> cnn talks with andrew gregory , one of the people behind `` auto-tune the news '' .  the gregory brothers use the technology to alter voices of news-makers .  gregory says katie couric has a good auto-tune voice , but sean hannity does n't .  he plans to use the `` i am t-pain '' auto-tune app in a live performanc .
 blunt force trauma killed woman struck by ray <sec> new : woman suffered brain injury , multiple skull fractures , medical examiner rules .  spotted eagle ray leaps from water , strikes woman on boat , officials say .  victim was 55-year-old woman from michigan .  spotted eagle ray weighed 75 to 80 pounds , official say .
 political turmoil flares in iraq as u.s. pulls out <sec> new : nuri al-maliki 's spokesman links the vice president to a bombing .  the deputy prime minister 's job is on the line after controversial comments , report says .  request comes after word that the iraqiya bloc wo n't participate in parliament .  iraqiya , of which al-mutlaq is a member , claims al-maliki is trying to consolidate powe .
 sony pictures faces lawsuits over security breach <sec> sony pictures faces lawsuits following security breach .  four suits say sony should have expected and prepared for a cyberattack .  previous security breaches had occurred as early as april 2011 , the suits say .  medical records , tax forms and social security numbers were put on the interne .
 ntsb criticizes washington metro over 2009 crash <sec> a federal report criticizes the safety record of washington 's subway system .  the ntsb report blames a 2009 crash that killed nine people on faulty track circuits .  washington metro officials failed to conduct a test that would have discovered the proble .
 severe storm in alaska whips cold weather to east coast <sec> the remnants of super typhoon nuri will bring severe weather to alaska .  the storm will send a ripple of frosty air to the east coast next week .  temperatures will be 20 degrees below average on the east coast .  alaska will see strong winds , huge waves and heavy rain and sno .
 scotland 's new mythical beasts to rival loch ness legacy <sec> the kelpies in central scotland are the world 's largest pair of equine sculptures .  at a total cost of $ 8 million , each horse towers 30 meters above the ground .  the work of sculptor andy scott , they pay tribute to scotland 's industrial heritage .  kelpies are part of a wider project to regenerate the area at a cost of $ 70 millio .
 grandma is a senior citizen mean girl <sec> howie kahn 's grandmother takes control of her senior residence in suburban detroit .  `` i allow some of the men here to flirt with me , '' she says .  mobility is the most obvious social signifier .  grandma : `` i 've learned compassion here . .  i smile at everyone now .
 opinion : do we want an america that wrecks families ? <sec> chris marquardt visited a privately run immigration detention center in georgia .  he says it was clear that families with u.s. citizens were broken due to detention process .  people who commit civil violations are treated as criminals , he says .  marquardt : immigration reform needs to include provisions to protect familie .
 zlatan ibrahimovic delivers : swedish striker to be honored on stamps <sec> zlatan ibrahimovic set to adorn a new range of stamps in sweden .  the swedish national football team captain nominated for 2013 ballon d'or .  the paris saint-germain striker is also up for the goal of the year award .  ibrahimovic has already had a giant burger named after him in pari .
 imam behind controversial new york islamic center speaks <sec> abdul rauf said he wants to promote `` harmony and understanding '' .  he spoke sunday to a bahraini newspaper .  rauf is on a state department sponsored trip of the middle eas .
 why u.s. , israel are n't neatly aligned on iran <sec> aaron miller : last week 's meeting was the best between obama , netanyahu .  still , he says the two men do not get along well , and their nations view world differently .  he says israel , always threatened , will always opt for preemption over patience .  miller : biggest change is obama 's focus on preventing iranian nuclear weapo .
 uk must pardon 49,000 convicted homosexuals <sec> campaign grows to force uk government to pardon 49,000 men convicted under anti-gay laws .  lgbt campaigner chad griffin says story of ww2 codebreaker alan turing reminds us we can not ignore history .  griffin : work turing did helped defeat fascism , and yet in return , uk government took away his freedo .
 'independence day 2 ' casts 'survivor 's remorse ' star jessie usher <sec> jeff goldblum set to reprise his role in `` independence day 2 '' .  liam hemsworth and jessie usher also cast in key roles .  sequel will be released 20 years after the original box office smash about an alien invasio .
 china shoots up rankings as science power , study finds <sec> china moves from sixth place to second in the publication of science articles .  the united states remains on top , but its dominance is slipping .  china 's influence is n't growing as fast as its output .  the findings come from the royal society in britai .
 sochi 2014 : paralympian matthias lanzinger learns to ski again <sec> matthias lanzinger underwent leg amputation after crashing heavily on the world cup circuit .  austrian skier gave up hope of skiing again but is now targeting medals at the sochi paralympics .  a three-time medallist at this year 's world championships , lanzinger is a strong contender .  to this day , he still can not watch back the accident - `` i do n't see any benefits at all .
 manny pacquiao : 'i cried when i saw the devastation ' <sec> manny pacquiao says he was moved to tears by footage of typhoon haiyan .  the filipino boxer remained in his philippines training camp during the typhoon .  pacquiao to face american brandon rios in macau , china on saturday .  pacquiao has lost just five of his 61 professional fight .
 postal service eyes closings , overhaul of retail approach <sec> the u.s . .  postal service considers closing low-use post offices .  the service will detail a plan for joint retail ventures with grocery stores , others .  the list of possible closings is subject to appeal and revie .
 painting sold for $ 5,212 in 2013 now worth millions <sec> john constable painting was sold in 2013 for $ 5,212 .  `` salisbury cathedral from the meadows '' fetched $ 5.2 million this week .  experts at rival auction houses disagree on the painting 's authenticit .
 grudge sparked teddy bear crisis <sec> disgruntled ex-employee said teacher let class name teddy `` mohammed '' .  sources : sarah khawad trying to shut down khartoum 's unity high school .  briton gillian gibbons convicted of insulting religion released from jail .  gillian gibbons taken to british embassy in khartoum to await flight hom .
 ballerinas hoping to dance their way out of poverty <sec> program run by ballet manila gives opportunities to children from slums .  students are given chance to join the company , full-time .  many students have to support families that live in most deprived area .
 cnn exclusive : george w. bush on aids mandela , snowden and his legacy <sec> the former president tells cnn that snowden has hurt u.s. security .  he refrains from criticizing obama , who he says has a `` hard job '' .  nelson mandela 's legacy `` will last for a long time , '' bush says .  he says he bears no grudge against mandela for iraq criticis .
 martin kaymer holds on to claim players championship at sawgrass <sec> martin kaymer wins at tcp sawgrass after dramatic final days play .  german won by one stroke from jim furyk .  rain delay meant kaymer was playing in the dark by the time he finished his roun .
 romney 's lame response on bullying allegations <sec> paul waldman : running for president means people will delve deep into your past .  he says romney likely alarmed by article alleging he bullied a boy when he was a teen .  he says romney said he did n't recall , expressed regret . .  for other boys there , it was vivid .  waldman : romney missed a chance to convince skeptical voters that he has empath .
 british bank actions in libor scandal called 'disgraceful ' <sec> a parliamentary report was issued on saturday .  the committee cites a `` deeply flawed culture '' .  the management `` turned a blind eye to the culture of the trading floor '' .  diamond took issue with attack on culture but called traders ' acts `` reprehensible .
 congress wants a voice on syrian chemical weapons response <sec> top cabinet officials brief members of congress .  history shows presidents can launch military action without approval .  consult with us first , both republicans and democrats tell obama .  house intelligence chairman says obama is trying to consul `` on the cheap .
 eddie murphy : why he 's quitting family movies -- and may return to stand-up <sec> actor eddie murphy said that his days of making family movies may be over .  murphy has n't performed stand-up since the late 1980s but has thought about trying again .  murphy addressed reports that he stormed out of the oscar .
 furor over pics of taliban in dead soldiers ' kit <sec> photos of taliban in the uniforms of dead french soldiers provokes outrage .  magazine paris match features photos of taliban and their commander .  10 french troops were killed and a further 21 injured in an ambus .
 bright eyes ' 'the people 's key ' review <sec> it 's been almost a decade since bright eyes ' epic 2002 album was released .  it established conor oberst as the newest of the new dylans .  oberst spent the 2000s abjuring big statements , choosing to scale down his soun .
 scientist : north korea likely has more nuclear facilities <sec> hecker visited the yongbyon nuclear plant in 2010 .  the scientists estimates north korea has as many as 8 plutonium bombs .  pyongyang recently agreed to allow inspectors back in in exchange for food aid .  it also agreed to halt nuclear and missile testin .
 bruyneel leaves radioshack <sec> bruyneel leaves role as general manager of radioshack following usada report .  belgian was armstrong 's team manager between 1999-2005 .  bruyneel to fight charges in hearing before independent judge .  fabian cancellera admitted he may no longer be able to work with bruynee .
 rains too much even for weather-toughened gulf coast <sec> storms caused 38 deaths since sunday ; 67-year-old woman killed in florida .  tornado that struck mayflower and vilonia , arkansas , sunday was an ef-4 .  alabama official : residents scrambled to rooftops as water rushed in .  national weather service : the rainfall at pensacola 's airport set a recor .
 oprah winfrey tops forbes list <sec> oprah winfrey is back at no . .  1 on forbes ' list of the 100 most powerful celebrities .  the media mogul had slipped to no . .  2 for the past two years .  she 's not the highest earner on the list , but fame scores and social networking helped .  lady gaga came in at no . .  2 , while steven spielberg was no . .  3 on the lis .
 does anyone care about the emmys ? <sec> the emmy awards often fall short of capturing fan excitement for certain shows .  with more choices of what to watch -- and when -- many quality shows get overlooked .  still , the emmys appeal to many viewer .
 massachusetts teen indicted on new charge of raping teacher <sec> philip chism , 15 , is indicted on additional count of aggravated rape .  the massachusetts teenager is charged with murder in the death of a teacher .  the body of algebra teacher colleen ritzer was found in a school bathroom in october .  a handwritten note saying , `` i hate you all , '' was found near the teacher 's bod .
 holyfield wants one more shot at undisputed heavyweight title <sec> evander holyfield extends his illustrious career into a fourth decade with las vegas victory .  the 47-year-old wins minor wbf heavyweight title , beating francois botha , 41 .  american says he still hopes to be undisputed world heavyweight champion .  britain 's wba titleholder david haye expected to take on one of klitschko brother .
 kentucky derby hats are this photographers favorite subject <sec> the kentucky derby is held the first saturday in may .  photographer john mcgraw has been going for 20 years .  the hats are the big draw , he says .  got a great derby hat photo ? .  send it to ireport .
 u.s. destroys tons of ivory ; puts $ 1 million bounty on traffickers <sec> new : it 's the first time the u.s. has offered such a reward , john kerry says .  new : in addition to the reward , colorado wildlife officials destroyed six tons of elephant ivory .  new : the united states is the second-largest retail market for illegally acquired ivory , after china .  profits from wildlife trafficking are between $ 8 billion to $ 10 billion a yea .
 yemen-based al qaeda group claims responsibility for parcel bomb plot <sec> al qaeda in the arabian peninsula says it will spread the package-bomb idea to others .  the group also says it is responsible for the september crash of a ups cargo plane .  two explosives-laden packages bound for the u.s. were intercepted abroad last wee .
 pazzini late show keeps inter in touch <sec> inter milan beat cesena 2-1 with two goals in injury time .  napoli retain grip in third as they beat genoa 1- .
 indiana religious freedom restoration act : what you need to know <sec> indiana is under fire for the religious freedom restoration act .  critics say it discriminates against the lgbt communit .
 scholar found ways to cope , but 'a prison is a prison ' <sec> haleh esfandiari says she read , walked , wrote a book in her mind while in prison .  scholar arrived home thursday after iran forbade her to leave for eight months .  iranian government never said why they released esfandiari from jail last month .  wilson center : ayatollah 's letter marked first-ever response to american leade .
 instagram wants photos to be seen beyond '10-hour ' window <sec> `` we 're going to see instagram evolve in really interesting ways , '' co-founder says .  ceo kevin systrom said instagram will introduce `` channels '' to organize data flow .  instagram hopes to curate older content and become more timeless .  facebook acquired instagram , a mobile photo-sharing app , for $ 1 billion in apri .
 george zimmerman : god is 'the only judge that i have to answer to ' <sec> nearly two years after he killed trayvon martin , george zimmerman speaks to cnn .  he says he hopes to become an attorney `` to stop the miscarriage of justice '' .  with paintings , zimmerman says he 's hoping to `` provide a decent lifestyle '' for his family .  `` i do n't watch news anymore , '' he says when asked about michael dunn 's cas .
 champion lorenzo sets motogp points record <sec> jorge lorenzo wins the valencia grand prix for his ninth victory of motogp season .  new world champion sets record for points scored in a season of 383 .  valentino rossi finishes third in final race for yamah .
 hong kong tycoon , ex-official found guilty <sec> property tycoon thomas kwok found guilty on misconduct charge .  his brother , also co-chair of famous hong kong property company cleared of all charges .  their company , sun hung kai , built some of the tallest buildings in the city 's celebrated skyline .  former hong kong government official convicted on several counts of misconduct in public offic .
 severe turbulence injures five <sec> flight from houston to new york struck by severe turbulence .  five on board were injured .  flight was diverted to lake charles regional airport in louisian .
 twitterers : take responsibility for your reckless claims <sec> latest battle in twitter war is being fought over lord alistair mcalpine case , says andrew keen .  mcalpine considering suing prominent twitter users who falsely alleged he was a pedophile .  keen : those with many twitter followers are as liable under libel law as media companies .  tory lord is right to pursue new media aristocrats who sullied his reputation , keen add .
 europe : u.s. , china must match climate change goals <sec> u.s. and china have not offered to go far enough to combat climate change , a top eu official says .  15th meeting of the conference of parties begins monday in copenhagen .  summit aim to strike deal on successor to 1997 kyoto protocol .  a look at the scientific debate on global warming on tonight 's campbell brown , cnn 8 p.m. e .
 terrorism , kidnapping among top fears for today 's youth <sec> study : most common fear among young people in grades 7 to 12 is being raped .  terrorist attacks , having to fight in a war , shootings , murders were also common .  expert : local news affects children 's fears ; many atlanta children fear tornadoes .  some fears have a good role to play in helping to promote cautio .
 fashion 's peacock : designer roberto cavalli <sec> florence-born fashion designer roberto cavalli is known for his bright , sexy clothes .  he is the grandson of impressionist painter giuseppe rossi and the son of a tailor .  his clothes are adored by celebrities like gwyneth paltrow and victoria beckham .  cavalli 's extravagant lifestyle includes color-coordinated yacht , cars and helicopte .
 fbi reopens 1959 case of missing 4-year-old <sec> fbi says it has a new lead in a 50-year-old cold case .  danny barter , 4 , is believed to have been taken by a stranger .  boy went missing during a family camping trip in perdido bay , alabama .  fbi says someone was overheard talking about the boy 's abductio .
 obama vows renewed ties with asia <sec> in speech , obama renews u.s. ties with japan , reaches out to china .  obama : rise `` of a strong , prosperous china can be a source of strength '' .  u.s. president urges north korea to return to six-party denuclearization talks .  obama 's asia tour includes japan , singapore , china and south kore .
