 bush : 'this government does not torture ' <sec> president bush defends methods used to interrogate terror suspects .  says questioning of detainees necessary to obtain intelligence to protect nation .  secret memo allowed methods like simulated drowning , n.y. times report .
 friends , family remember ohio school shooting victims <sec> the last time domenick iammarino saw his grandson was at christmas .  daniel parmertor loved computers and skiing .  russell king jr. was studying alternative energy .  demetrius hewlin worked out at the gym , cleveland newspaper report .
 'angels & demons ' actors : what controversy ? <sec> tom hanks stars in `` angels & demons , '' a sequel to `` the da vinci code '' .  fellow cast mate ewan mcgregor says latest film is a standalone .  like earlier film , `` angels & demons '' has been attacked for mix of fact and fiction .  catholic league president : `` it 's all a lie .
 boston bombing suspects planned times square blasts , bloomberg says <sec> new : a congressman says suspects `` likely '' planned boston attacks , then changed plans .  new : russia voiced concerns to the u.s. about one suspect , his mother , sources say .  police : suspect told investigators he and his brother decided `` spontaneously '' to bomb nyc .  dzhokhar tsarnaev , 19 , was `` more lucid '' the second time he was interviewed , police sa .
 staffers fired shots to break up florida prison brawl , officials say <sec> new : staffers had to fire shots to break up large-scale fight , officials say .  eight inmates wounded , one by gunshot , at prison complex in florida , officials say .  officials : fight happened at coleman federal correctional complex 's recreation yard .  no staff members were hurt during the brawl , spokeswoman say .
 chinese passion , fury fuels anti-japanese attacks <sec> passion and anger merges in chinese street protests .  protesters directing anger towards japan over disputed islands .  japan bought what it calls the senkaku islands from private owner .  china has long claimed it owns the islands , calls them diaoy .
 dutch youth lives under shadow of holloway case 5 years later <sec> alabama teenager natalee holloway disappeared in 2005 on aruba .  joran van der sloot arrested twice , never charged .  critics see youth as privileged playboy .  has told conflicting stories in holloway cas .
 syrian rebels begin to challenge al-assad 's command of skies <sec> rebels make progress against syrian air might .  still , much of their weaponry is outdated .  they are producing instructional videos for use of military hardwar .
 decapitated bald eagle found in louisiana ditch <sec> a bald eagle with its head cut off is found in a drainage ditch in northeastern louisiana .  bald eagles are federally protected ; killing one could bring fines and jail time .  a hotline number is available for people who have information about the inciden .
 gunman 's neighbor arrested in connection with firefighter ambush <sec> new : the woman was a neighbor of the gunman who ambushed firefighters .  dawn nguyen of rochester , new york , faces charges of filing a falsified business record .  nguyen 's attorney was not immediately available to commen .
 les paul 's black beauty electric guitar to be auctioned <sec> the black beauty is being sold by tom doyle , the late paul 's longtime friend and engineer .  he hopes it ends up a good music museum , perhaps in cleveland or seattl .
 actor offers reward for stolen picture of dennis hopper <sec> the photo was snatched from a los angeles art gallery .  actor jason lee said he took the picture .  lee starred in the tv show `` my name is earl .
 obama approves extension of expiring patriot act provisions <sec> three key patriot act provisions were to expire at midnight thursday .  president obama directs the use of an autopen to sign the measure .  the house and senate pass the measure to extend the provisions for four years .  the senate vote is delayed by a dispute fueled by newcomer rand pau .
 german worker kidnapped in nigeria <sec> the engineer was abducted from a road project , police say .  police had no immediate `` clear suspicions '' .  boko haram is not known to have previously orchestrated kidnappings of foreign workers .  violence last friday in kano killed more than 200 people , according to community leader .
 younger candidate challenges venezuela 's hugo chavez <sec> on sunday , venezuelans will vote for president .  longtime leader hugo chavez is vying for a fourth term .  his challenger is 40-year-old henrique capriles radonski .  observers have expressed concern about post-election instabilit .
 review : drake 's 'take care ' <sec> `` take care '' is what drake does best : collapsing many moods onto one vast emotion .  like most hopeless romantics , he favors the illusion of infinite promise over the reality .  the canadian singer-rapper introduced his melancholy-player persona on 2010 's platinum `` thank me later .
 11 great riverfront towns <sec> the beale street landing project in memphis will further open up the waterfront .  kitesurfing and farm-to-table dining keep visitors happy in hood river , oregon .  great falls , montana offers lewis and clark history lesson .
 officials : fort hood shootings suspect alive ; 12 dead <sec> suspect in shootings wounded but alive , army official says .  army : suspect is maj. nidal malik hasan , a psychiatrist .  senator : hasan was `` upset '' about scheduled deployment to iraq .  shooting happened in building that is one of last stops before soldiers deplo .
 raul bids farewell to real madrid ; guti signs for besiktas <sec> raul leaves spanish giants real madrid after 18 years at the club .  the 33-year-old says he is heading for either germany or england .  raul joined real madrid in 1992 and is the club 's leading scorer with 323 goals in 741 games .  he is also spain 's all-time leading scorer with 44 goals in 102 game .
 court appearances due in massive border smuggling bust <sec> operation in plain sight deals `` serious blow '' to smugglers , homeland security official says .  eight hundred agents and officers from nine agencies mobilized in arizona .  owners , employees of 5 arizona shuttle services are among those taken into custody .  saying u.s. sends `` mixed messages , '' raids ' timing draws ire of immigration group officia .
 massa given all-clear by ferrari to begin comeback bid <sec> injured f1 star felipe massa passes series of mental and physical tests .  the brazilian driver can begin training following minor surgery this week .  massa suffered horrific head injuries after a freak accident in hungary in july .  ferrari expected to drop his struggling replacement luca badoe .
 opinion : are clouds gathering for christie ? <sec> bridgegate has hit new jersey gov . .  chris christie 's national prospects hard .  his response to the scandal seem credible in the short term , says errol louis .  louis : the strategy was never quite plausible ; christie has a hands-on reputation .  louis : pushback from a former aide and fired education commissioner is damagin .
 ferrari unveil new f10 formula one car <sec> ferrari unveil their new car , the f10 , for the 2010 formula one season .  the italian manufacturer hopes the car will see them return to the front of the grid .  two-time world champion fernando alonso partners felipe massa this seaso .
 allies see day of heavy loss in afghanistan <sec> six u.s. marines die in a helicopter crash , a u.s. military official says .  french troops are killed by an afghan soldier were unarmed at the time , an official says .  president nicolas sarkozy : france may bring troops home early if security is n't restored .  nato chief rasmussen pays tribute to four french soldiers killed in afghanista .
 prince lands in trouble over girlfriend visit <sec> prince william drops in at girlfriend 's house using raf chinook .  ministry of defense says operation was standard training procedure .  newspaper says the landing has angered some in the militar .
 opinion : why would a mother kill her babies ? <sec> sara west : case of utah mom accused of killing her babies recalls 2001 andrea yates case .  she says public shocked by such cases , always asking how mothers could kill their children .  west : expert identified five reasons , including spousal revenge , acute psychosis .  prevention is hard , but mental heath treatment can help , west say .
 deripaska : market slump after fed stimulus wind-back hint 'emotional ' <sec> deripaska has dismissed the markets rout following the fed 's stimulus announcement this week as `` very emotional '' .  deripaska said the reaction on russian markets was `` disproportionate '' to the country 's economic situation .  the fed 's hints it would dial back its cheap money program come as russia expects a loosening of economic polic .
 death toll rises from bangladesh building collapse <sec> the death toll from the bangladesh building collapse is up to 1,119 .  some unclaimed bodies have been buried .  the nine-story building collapsed april 24 .  a 19-year-old mother was pulled from the wreckage alive on frida .
 austerity is china 's new year resolution -- by order <sec> new leader xi jinping rolls out decrees aimed at changing officials ' working style .  officials across china are told to stop hosting elaborate banquets , celebrations .  analysts say the statement reflects xi 's desire to win back trust in the government .  public discontent growing over rampant corruption , growing gap between rich and poo .
 government will not open bhopal plant as memorial <sec> state had planned to temporarily open the plant to the public .  officials : plan scrapped due to rule about influencing elections .  victims ' advocates say plan was publicity stunt .  4,000 people die in the bhopal disaster in december 198 .
 why the world is ignoring congo war <sec> vava tampa : why does crisis in syria get extensive media coverage , but not the killing in congo ? .  m23 is the newest militia gang terrorizing the local population .  conflicts in dr congo estimated to have claimed more than 5.4 million live .
 study the use of nanoparticles in food <sec> andy behar : some foods contain tiny , engineered particles called nanomaterials .  behar : nanoparticles might pose health risks , since they have adversely affected mice .  he says not enough studies have adequately demonstrated the safety of nanoparticles .  behar : with an emerging technology such as this , companies have to be carefu .
 reports : maddie taken by pedophile ring <sec> portuguese police case file reveal more leads in madeleine mccann disappearance .  email from british police suggests madeleine taken by pedophile ring .  ring followed three-year-old girl before snatching her , reports clai .
 official : u.s. attempt to rescue foley , others failed <sec> globalpost ceo says the captors originally asked for 100 million euros in ransom .  foley 's family received a limited number of messages from them .  several dozen u.s. troops from elite units participated in a failed rescue , a u.s. official says .  the u.s. operation killed several isis operatives , the official say .
 dane cook : half brother in jail after 'terrible betrayal ' <sec> comedian dane cook appears on thursday 's `` larry king live '' .  half brother darryl mccauley accused of embezzling millions from comedian .  mccauley was cook 's manager ; arrested in december , he 's pleaded not guilty .  in one case , mccauley accused of forging a $ 3 million dollar chec .
 mystery unfolds over discarded barrel with mexican artifacts <sec> nick dimola finds mexican artifacts worth thousands in trash barrel .  barrel belonged to deceased abstract artist clinton hill .  mexican government claims it owns artifacts , seeks their return .  dimola says he wants to donate artifacts to museums across u.s .
 italy high court to weigh amanda knox case friday <sec> italy 's highest court to consider verdict in 2007 murder of british student meredith kercher .  high court says jury will take case on frida .
 deadly standoff ends at afghan hotel ; hostages freed after several hours <sec> pentagon says the attack `` bears all the hallmarks '' of the haqqani network .  the u.s. embassy condemns the attack and praises afghan forces .  militants kill 15 civilians , a police officer and three security guards , police chief says .  it 's the latest in a string of high-profile strikes this wee .
 shifting sands for dubai 's property dream <sec> dubai 's construction boom has slowed in recent months due to economic slowdown .  new financial concerns over dubai world debt repayments add to uncertainty .  former dubai resident jim krane questions the wisdom of some construction project .
 boehner condemns steve king remarks , says immigration reform harder <sec> rep. steve king made controversial remarks about citizenship , undocumented immigrant children .  house speaker rebuked colleague at news conference , calling comments `` deeply offensive '' .  king doubles down , says his remarks were not offensive ; criticizes boehner .  fate of immigration reform legislation uncertain in congres .
 in central kabul , tension ripples amid taliban assault <sec> new : four afghans are injured at the embassy , a spokeswoman says .  three of four attackers in the building have been killed , the interior ministry says .  an isaf spokesman says the situation has calmed down .  a u.s. embassy worker calls the assault `` well-coordinated .
 many flights soar over conflict zones <sec> planes also fly over iraq , afghanistan and other countries where bullets fly .  the faa does tell u.s. carriers not to travel over some areas , issues warnings for others .  cnn aviation analyst says airlines can go above and beyond government regulations .  commercial pilot says captains work with dispatchers , can request adjusted rout .
 bipolar disorder and the creative mind ( opinion ) <sec> kay jamison : williams suicide has raised issue of link between creativity and depression .  she says studies show bipolar people disproportionately represented in creative jobs .  she says some who are bipolar are fluent , original thinkers eager to create meaning from chaos .  but , she says most creative people not mentally ill . .  this illness not romantic , so difficul .
 debate swirls over mubarak legacy <sec> hosni mubarak ruled egypt for nearly 30 years , surviving would-be assassins , ill health .  he was a major player in mideast politics , helping enforce the camp david accords with israel .  mubarak did n't allow political dissent , and had a questionable economic track record .  mubarak 's fall signals the start of a new era in arab politic .
 dogs go to heaven ? do n't believe it ( opinion ) <sec> heidi schlumpf : news reports said pope told boy dogs go to heaven ; report proved untrue .  story went viral because it fit pattern of pronouncements many expect of pope francis , she says . .  claims are that paul vi said something more like that , not francis , she says . .  either way ... .  ... catholic catechism clear : animals do n't have immortal souls for heaven entry , she say .
 duchess of cambridge 's first official portrait unveiled <sec> duchess of cambridge 's first official portrait , by artist paul emsley , unveiled in london .  catherine , who is expecting her first baby , posed for the picture last year .  she is a patron of the national portrait gallery , where the painting will be shown .  reaction to the portrait has been mixed ; many on twitter claim it is unflatterin .
 judge warns lindsay lohan of possible jail time <sec> new : the judge tells lohan if she pleads , `` you are going to jail , period ! '' .  new : `` i get the impression you 're not going to accept the da 's offer , '' the judge says .  the lapd charged lohan with stealing a necklace from a jewelry store .  lohan entered a `` not guilty '' plea on february .
 chad and niger launch offensive against boko haram <sec> troops from chad and niger launch offensive against boko haram .  the offensive is part of a coordinated regional campaig .
 boeing 787-9 dreamliner makes its first appearance <sec> boeing completed and rolled out first dreamliner 787-9 over the weekend .  fuel-efficient new plane awaits flight and delivery .  air new zealand will receive the first 787-9 in mid-201 .
 russian bombers spotted near california last week <sec> military officials say four bombers and a refueling plane involved .  they first flew near alaska and then two were seen within 50 miles of california .  the planes never entered u.s. airspace , but did breach a coastal identification zone .  the russian planes were intercepted by u.s. fighter jet .
 north korea wants to be a 'country of mushrooms ' <sec> `` let the strong wind of fish farming blow across the country ! '' .  `` play sports games in an offensive way , the way the anti-japanese guerrillas did ! .
 atletico madrid agrees deal for barcelona 's villa <sec> barcelona reach an agreement with atletico madrid for sale of david villa .  the deal is worth up to $ 6.5 million over the next three years .  villa is the highest goalscorer in the history of the spanish national team .  former barca defender eric abidal joins monaco on a three-year contrac .
 uk foreign secretary william hague resigns in reshuffle <sec> new : hague 's successor will be philip hammond , until now the uk defense secretary .  william hague had served as uk foreign secretary for the past four years .  prime minister david cameron announced a major government reshuffle on monday .  hague will be leader of the house of commons until next year 's general electio .
 'we are not out of the woods ' with new flu , cdc warns <sec> cdc reported higher levels of flu activity than the average for mid-may .  health officials warn disease is likely to continue and contribute to more deaths .  initial data shows hospitalized patients had underlying medical condition .
 james corden new host of 'late late show ' <sec> james corden will replace craig ferguson on `` the late late show '' .  reports in august suggested that the british actor and comedian would do so .  he is n't exactly a household name in the u.s. , but he does have hosting experience .  he 's also worked across film , tv and theate .
 qatar and uae buy european football clubs <sec> qatar and uae 's wealth make them big players in football .  the middle east has spent $ 1.5billion on european football .  is football the next silicon valley .
 glimpses of normalcy amid reminders of horror <sec> newtown 's seven public schools were closed monday as first victims were buried .  steady stream of mourners walked down main street to pay their respects .  many flocked to newtown general store , a deli that has long served as a community hub .  first weekday after massacre was just the beginning of a long healing proces .
 rolling stone : phil collins admits suicidal thoughts <sec> singer phil collins says he believes that he may have lived past lives .  his time is now spent working on his gigantic collection of artifacts from the alamo .  neck injury has left him unable to hold drum sticks , sign his signature .  `` i would n't blow my head off , '' collins says . .  `` i 'd overdose or do something .
 cnn student news transcript : march 22 , 2010 <sec> examine the importance of the number 216 in the u.s. house .  hear how technology helps scientists predict flood patterns .  search the african rainforest for an endangered ape species .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 source : gisele bündchen has a boy <sec> sources told people that gisele bundchen and tom brady have had a baby boy .  the couple got married february in a private ceremony in los angeles .  the child is the first for the brazilian model ; the second for brad .
 mower season means risks for eyes , toes , fingers <sec> 100,000 people in u.s. suffered lawn mower accident injury in 2006 .  most victims are 25-64 ; more than 22 percent of injuries involve wrist , hand , finger .  wear protective goggles , gloves , boots , long pants ; never mow barefoot , in sandal .
 hannah anderson rescued after suspect dimaggio killed in idaho <sec> new : 16-year-old hannah anderson is reunited with her father .  `` they did n't fit , '' a horseback rider says of seeing hannah and her alleged abductor .  the teenager is rescued in the idaho wilderness .  an fbi tactical agent shot and killed suspect james dimaggi .
 black eyed peas shoot music video in japan , urge help <sec> black eyed peas use video to push fans to red cross website .  linkin park designs t-shirts to raise money for japan relief .  lady gaga offers a wristband .  celebrity twitter accounts spread the messag .
 review : 'footloose ' is a snappy , superior cover version <sec> craig brewer 's `` footloose '' is a fun remake of the 1984 classic .  wormald does n't eclipse bacon 's performance , but he 's an attractive actor .  because he 's cast real dancers , brewer does n't have to slice and dice the choreograph .
