 daily stampede of chinese 'grey traders ' angers hong kong <sec> every day thousands of mainland chinese go to hong kong to buy goods .  they 're paid by agents to meet demand for non-chinese , cheaper products .  residents near the border complain that they 're a nuisanc .
 knut 's half-brother is fully adorable <sec> a baby polar bear made his debut in germany this weekend .  he is the half-brother of knut , the famous polar bear who died in 201 .
 food poisoning : what you need to know <sec> meat , fruit and vegetables can all pose a risk of foodborne illness .  cases of campylobacter illness are on the rise , according to the cdc .  chicken and ground beef top an organization 's `` risky meat '' list .  care during food preparation is essentia .
 mubarak faces possible execution , egyptian official says <sec> egypt 's former president is accused of ordering protesters shot .  the crime carries the death penalty , and courts will not hesitate to use it , egypt 's justice minister says .  hosni mubarak is in good health , the minister says .  mubarak was forced from office by protesters after more than 30 years in powe .
 larry king to be honored with lifetime achievement emmy <sec> the television academy honors king 's `` influential '' 50-year career .  the first `` larry king live '' aired on cnn in june 1985 .  the legendary talk show host conducted more than 50,000 interview .
 green burials : a dying wish to be 'home for fish ' <sec> eco-minded companies in death care industry offer `` green '' funerals .  dying woman had her ashes added to an artificial reef off florida coast .  ceo of eternal reefs : `` we 're the surf and turf of natural burial . '' .  1.6 million tons of concrete , 827,060 tons of toxic fluid buried in united states yearl .
 mccain defends '100 years in iraq ' statement <sec> mccain : referred to a military presence like u.s. has in japan , germany , south korea .  `` it 's not a matter of how long we 're in iraq , it 's if we succeed or not , '' mccain said .  sen. hillary clinton : `` i want them home within 60 days of my becoming president .
 cnn student news transcript : march 23 , 2010 <sec> find out what comes next after the passage of a health care reform bill .  learn about a proposal that would change how student loans are funded .  follow the steps that led to a showdown between china and google .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 gop roars back to take u.s. house ; democrats cling to senate majority <sec> an energized conservative electorate helps republicans to historic gain in midterms .  republicans nab at least 60 more house seats , based on cnn analysis of exit poll data .  senate majority leader harry reid defeats republican sharron angle in nevada .  president obama calls house minority leader john boehner to congratulate hi .
 another taliban leader captured in pakistan <sec> mullah abdul salam arrested last week , according to afghan , u.s. sources .  salam is believed to be the taliban commander for kunduz province .  comes days after taliban 's reputed second-in-command was arrested .  taliban fighting nato-led push into area they control in helman .
 justin bieber : from tween sensation to adult icon <sec> justin bieber is one of many celebs who 've grown up under the proverbial microscope .  `` i think i 'll make a smooth transition from a teen star to an adult star , '' he said in 2011 .  2013 is already shaping up to be that fateful transition time in bieber 's caree .
 ex-boyfriend accuses tennis star capriati of punching , stalking him <sec> police report : jennifer capriati had a run-in with an ex-boyfriend at a florida gym .  police say he accuses her of repeatedly punching him and having stalked him previously .  capriati 's camp calls his account an `` overexaggeration , '' says she 'll be vindicated .  inducted into the tennis hall of fame in 2012 , capriati won three grand slam title .
 uk deploying 1,200 extra olympics troops <sec> new : the new deployment means 18,200 troops will guard the olympics .  the government was already deploying 3,500 military personnel to cover shortfalls .  security contractor g4s has said it ca n't supply the number of guards it promised .  british lawmakers forced the g4s chief to concede security was a `` shambles .
 in albuquerque , protesters clash with police <sec> protesters enraged by what they call police brutality , koat reports .  u.s. justice department , fbi are probing police-involved shooting earlier in march .  affiliate : albuquerque mayor praises how police handled protes .
 louisiana bank standoff : second hostage dies , hospital says <sec> laden mcdaniel is the second of the bank hostages to die .  police identify the dead hostage-taker as fuaed abdo ahmed .  police : ahmed shot both hostages as police stormed the building they were in .  one hostage was freed earlier in the evenin .
 do you suffer from internet fatigue ? <sec> cnn talks with researcher about how people today use phone and internet .  some high-tech people feel conflicted about their gadgets .  research group says 7 percent of u.s. adults fit this category .  about 14 percent of adults do n't have cell phones or internet access , pew say .
 fantasia barrino confirms pregnancy rumors <sec> `` god has given me this child and i do n't have to hide it , '' barrino says .  her manager denied pregnancy rumors earlier this year .  fantasia did not say when she 's due or who 's the father .  the singer revealed her pregnancy during a jacksonville , florida , show sunda .
 yale alum 's gift stirs reaction in china <sec> gift is the largest ever pledged to yale 's management school .  part of lei 's gift will help provide scholarships for chinese students , yale says .  nearly 49 percent of votes indicated there is nothing wrong with lei 's gif .
 survivors : 'one step closer to closure ' <sec> survivor jeff bauman stresses `` we will never replace the lives that were lost '' .  a man who was at the finish line is glad dzhokhar tsarnaev is now a `` convicted killer '' .  `` justice has been served today , '' says a once wounded police office .
 opinion : has putin broken international law ? <sec> karen alter : obama says putin violated international law ; putin wants to make it look otherwise .  she says putin argues ukraine asked for help . .  and russia veto would let it block u.n. response .  she says russia rejects much of international law 's jurisdiction . .  it 's not much help here .  alter : lawsuit from ukraine likely would n't fare well , but threat helps channel russia respons .
 fraternity closes ole miss chapter after racial incident <sec> a noose and confederate emblem were found on a statue of james meredith .  meredith was the first black student admitted to ole miss .  the incident marked `` the beginning of an intensified period of review , '' the fraternity says .  ceo says he wants sigma phi epsilon to be `` a different kind of fraternity .
 midwesterners brace for possible record flooding <sec> red cross official : `` there 's a lot of u-haul trailers sitting in driveways ready to go '' .  forecaster : flooding in kentucky and missouri could eclipse records set in 1937 .  illinois and kentucky governors warn of the potential for `` historic flooding '' .  police evacuate parts of butler county , missouri , after a levee breaks ther .
 epic flooding in balkans raises fears about landmines surfacing <sec> damage is in the billions of euros , according to first day of assessment in bosnia .  eu warns of massive ecological damage from flooding after thousands of landslides .  at least 13 people in serbia and 13 in bosnia and herzegovina are dead after epic flooding .  the red cross says shifting landmines could endanger rescuers and resident .
 french shrug at petraeus ' adultery <sec> matthew fraser : the french do n't see what 's all the fuss is in the petraeus scandal .  fraser : it 's impossible to imagine a french leader resigning because of adultery .  he says the french are baffled at american prurience and `` puritanism '' .  fraser : in france , politicians can betray spouse without being suspected of screwing voter .
 giffords still in icu , but surprising doctors at new hospital <sec> doctor : giffords `` does not need as much assistance as we had anticipated '' .  she will remain in icu while fluid is drained off her brain .  the rehabilitation process is expected to take 4 to 6 month .
 champions league : real madrid survives lugodorets scare <sec> real madrid eke out a narrow away win over bulgarian minnows ludogorets .  karim benzema scored the winner with 13 minutes left after real had gone behind .  danny welbeck grabs a hat-trick as english side arsenal beat galatasaray 4-1 .  arda turan 's late goal seals 1-0 win for spanish champions atletico madrid over juventu .
 australia splits hairs over curly dicks and titswobbles <sec> australia 's geographical names board proposes tightening rules .  names considered offensive , like titswobble drive , could be changed .  some proposals are rejected for practical reasons , others are just strange .  board has moved to simplify names but removing some apostrophe .
 pressure for action grows along with piles of trash on madrid streets <sec> hotel , shop owners calling for intervention in madrid street cleaners strike .  the city may call in national workers to do the job municipal workers have not .  peruvian businessman : `` it 's very sad . .  the city looks absolutely dirty '' .  the strike erupted after word of 1,134 jobs cuts , with salary reductions for those remainin .
 sri lankan diplomat says rights criticism a 'proxy propaganda war ' <sec> sri lanka is hosting the biannual commonwealth heads of government meeting ( chogm ) .  the prime ministers of canada , india and mauritius have said they will not attend .  it follows criticism of sri lanka 's human rights record after its 26-year war with tamil rebels .  sri lanka 's high commissioner to the uk blames the criticism on a `` proxy propaganda war .
 five reasons the ferguson police chief is in hot water <sec> chief thomas jackson is expected to step down , according to officials .  the chief and the mayor say the reports are not true .  jackson fell under intense scrutiny in the wake of the death of michael brown .  he 's apologized but said he has no plans to resig .
 energy drinks linked to alcohol problems <sec> the amount of caffeine in most energy drinks is comparable to that in 1 to 2 cups of coffee .  it 's unclear whether energy-drink consumption is directly linked to alcohol problems .  energy drinks generated about $ 5 billion in u.s. sales in 200 .
 record skydive attempt from stratosphere postponed <sec> new : another attempt could happen this week , perhaps thursday .  felix baumgartner hopes to be the first person to break the sound barrier without a vehicle .  risks include low temperatures , thin atmosphere and a possible loss of consciousness .  baumgartner will have only a space suit , helmet and chute for the 120,000-foot jum .
 reports : missing u.s. reporter held in syria <sec> the washington post says austin tice is being held in damascus .  tice , 31 , has n't been heard from in two weeks .  he reported for the post , mcclatchy newspapers , and others .  his family is pleading for his releas .
 'let 's all play hollow the leader ... ' <sec> julia gillard replaced kevin rudd as prime minister in 2010 after he lost labor party support .  comparisons drawn with contest between bob hawke and paul keating more than 20 years ago .  rudd was brought back as foreign minister and portrayed himself content serving gillard .  but the australian media have speculated he may challenge for the party leadershi .
 uk military : women could soon take close combat roles <sec> uk military says women could join units engaged in close ground combat as soon as 2016 .  but research is needed first into the potential impact on women 's health .  defence secretary : `` roles in our armed forces should be determined by ability not gender '' .  the pentagon announced steps last year to open up combat roles to wome .
 arab-american leaders push census participation <sec> arab-americans fear census information may be used against them , leader says .  `` here is a chance to tell the whole world we exist , '' arab-american leader says .  national census return rate is 52 percent as of april .
 obama signs order to close guantanamo bay facility <sec> president obama signs orders to close detention facility , ban torture .  sen. john mccain issues statement supporting facility 's closure .  some congressional republicans slam `` politically correct '' security policies .  gop congressman says he 's worried about where to house detainee .
 cnn student news - september 5 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call . .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 what u.s. should do about iran <sec> william cohen : longtime mideast observers baffled by reports of the plot .  he says if iran 's leaders were n't aware , then they have a serious problem .  iran officials must hold those involved accountable for their actions , he says .  cohen : u.s. , saudis can take variety of steps to increase pressure on ira .
 interstellar iceland : exploring deep space 's double <sec> iceland 's vast svinafellsjokull glacier was used as film set for the new `` interstellar '' movie .  svinafellsjokull lies at the foot of vatnajokull , said to be the largest glacier outside of polar regions .  ice at the foot of the glacier can be up to 200 years ol .
 a new reason to stay off the web at work <sec> procter & gamble bans pandora , netflix for its 129,000 employees .  company : audit showed tens of thousands of minutes on the sites each day .  as mobile and cloud computing expand , bandwidth has grown more preciou .
 michele bachmann and muslim witch hunts <sec> haris tarin : american muslims in public life face constant scrutiny over loyalty .  tarin : but michele bachmann , four others take conspiracy theory to an extreme .  he says bachmann witch hunt indicts hillary clinton 's longtime adviser huma abedin .  tarin hopes this is a tipping point , when politicians stop tolerating this bigotr .
 pentagon security clearance holders owe $ 730m in taxes <sec> findings raise security concerns for the u.s. government .  officials say employees and contractors with financial problems are top targets of foreign intelligence agents .  study comes as u.s. seeks ways to tighten access to classified informatio .
 world 's corals reefs are vanishing , report says <sec> the world has lost almost one fifth of its coral reefs , according a new report .  climate change , overfishing and coral mining all are contributing to destruction .  in some parts of indian ocean up to 60 percent of reef life has die .
 richard iii : new battle looms over final resting place <sec> the city of york says it should be the final resting place for the remains of richard iii .  the 15th-century monarch 's remains were discovered beneath a parking lot in leicester .  leicester 's mayor says richard will be reburied in nearby leicester cathedral .  scientists said monday that dna testing had confirmed the skeleton was that of richard ii .
 critics question 'pay-as-you-go ' approach <sec> approach requires congress to balance spending increases with equal savings .  republicans question timing of announcement -- after months of spending .  a key democrat says obama could have tough time keeping promise to halve deficit .  blue dog democrats applaud `` pay-as-you-go '' as responsible and necessar .
 post-soviet nations to form military force <sec> seven nations agree to form rapid-reaction force .  russian media say force will fight terrorism , respond to disasters .  it will be based in russia under a single command .  report comes after kyrgyzstan says it will close u.s. bas .
 climate change is real <sec> chris field : superstorm sandy gave the eastern seaboard a pounding .  he says rising sea level has greatly complicated problem of protecting coastline .  storm tracks outside tropics moving further from the equator , he says .  field : one key to disaster planning may be that the future wo n't look like the pas .
 'they burned my heart ' : observer shares syrians ' stories <sec> human rights watch interviewed syrians who said families had been executed .  one woman talked about finding her son 's body , tortured , in a cemetery .  the group interviewed 65 witnesses and victims in late april .  interviewer said what he heard and saw constitutes war crime .
 toledo mayor michael collins suffers cardiac arrest <sec> a woman pulled mayor michael collins from his car and performed cpr .  the city council president has been sworn in as acting mayo .
 case challenges pennsylvania 's ban on same-sex marriage <sec> a county clerk has given nearly 100 same-sex couples marriage licenses .  pennsylvania has a ban on same-sex marriage .  the state department of health is taking him to court to try to make him stop .  the case could lead to a reversal of the state 's version of the defense of marriage ac .
 rafael nadal admits 'i had doubts ' before u.s. open triumph <sec> rafael nadal won 13th grand slam title at the u.s. open .  closing on the all-time record of 17 held by arch rival roger federer .  victory comes after early exit at wimbledon to steve darcis .  nadal has been troubled by knee tendon problems in recent year .
 why amazon would be smart to give away the kindle <sec> amazon is in a unique position to hasten the change in the publishing industry .  selling e-readers at any price might just become an obstacle to selling more e-books .  the kindle price has fallen steadily anyway since it came on the marke .
 smell test key on music copyright ( opinion ) <sec> jury has found that 'blurred lines ' drew on marvin gaye 's 'got to give it up ' .  danny cevallos : music infringement presents a tricky questio .
 apple 's siri is becoming a better conversationalist <sec> despite ads showing john malkovich yukking it up , some users are n't happy with siri .  but siri , the voice-activated `` personal assistant , '' will get an upgrade this fall .  next version of apple 's mobile operating system will feature enhanced siri functions .  the new siri will retrieve sports scores and make restaurant reservation .
 will.i.am has game -- like , literally <sec> will.i.am visits nasa for rocket launches and works with nonprofits such as first .  he also serves as intel 's director of creative innovation .  the pop star helped microsoft design the kinect that powers the dance gam .
 coroner adjourns inquest into baby 's 'dingo death ' <sec> inquest adjourned into death of baby believed to have been killed by dingo .  azaria chamberlain disappeared from a tent 31 years ago .  her mother , lindy , claimed her baby had been taken by a dingo .  crown prosecution convinced a jury she was guilty of murde .
 100 die in vietnam flash floods <sec> flash floods and landslides kill at least 100 people in vietnam .  disasters triggered by tropical storm .  forecasters fear additional casualtie .
 cnn student news transcript : june 3 , 2011 <sec> hear about the impact of deadly tornadoes that hit massachusetts .  find out why u.s. nutrition guidelines are getting a new icon .  look back at some of the biggest stories from this school year .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 opinion : do n't mess with the jukebox <sec> new smartphone apps let people control jukeboxes from their seats .  bob greene says the classic jukebox experience includes the stroll to the machine .  greene : jukeboxes glowed and bubbled , flashed and blinked , gave a come-hither wink .  a good jukebox is certainly worth getting up from your seat , he say .
 official : man in afghan security uniform kills 3 u.s. troops <sec> analyst says `` green-on-blue '' attackers are split between infiltrators , disgruntled security .  gunman in afghan uniform killed 3 u.s. troops on a special operations forces mission .  in another incident , the british defense ministry said one of its soldiers died .  six civilians died in a roadside mine blast in helman .
 amputees in liberia find hope in football <sec> many members of liberia 's amputee football team had lost the will to live .  they were recruited by a counselor working to rehabilitate former fighters .  coach paul tolbert : `` they are men who bring pride to this nation '' .  photos were taken by war photographer christopher morris for the icr .
 incredible pics capture symmetry of iran 's mosques <sec> mohammad reza domiri ganji is a physics student from iran who takes photos inside mosques .  ganji 's staggeringly beautiful images show a side of iran seldom seen outside the country .  the 23-year-old 's camera skills are largely self-taught from internet tuition video .
 swiss couple released in pakistan <sec> the husband and wife say they escaped from the taliban , the pakistan military says .  the two were kidnapped in july .  the pakistan taliban say the group released the coupl .
