 'honey boo boo ' ratings rise to series high <sec> tlc 's `` here comes honey boo boo '' is gaining in popularity .  the third week premiere on wednesday had 2.3 million viewers .  that episode 's ratings were the highest of the seaso .
 black cherokees exercise hard-won right to vote <sec> john stremlau : cherokee nation called in carter center to observe its election for chief .  adding to power struggle was the right of freedmen ( black cherokees ) to vote , he says .  freedmen , cherokee members of african origin , fought and finally won right to vote .  stremlau : restricting voting rights to ethnic cherokees is an affront to democrac .
 berlusconi : 'i 've never paid a woman ' <sec> 72-year old denies paying for sex in interview with italian magazine chi .  berlusconi accuses model patrizia d'addario of being paid to spread accusations .  berlusconi and wife veronica lario to divorce after 19 years of marriage .  despite the swirl of scandal berlusconi remains popular in ital .
 biggest celebrity engagement rings <sec> movie producer michael todd proposed to elizabeth taylor with a 30-carat diamond .  jay-z proposed to beyonce with an 18-carat diamond ring ; the couple married in 2008 .  ick cannon proposed to pop diva mariah carey with a 17-carat emerald-cut pink diamon .
 october 's 5 must-read books <sec> oprah.com 's picks for october reads .  `` lives other than my own '' shows how even the most self-obsessed can find grace and joy .  `` the forgotten waltz '' reminds that love can be miraculous and still destroy everything in its pat .
 opinion : china , the world remembers tiananmen massacre <sec> june 4 marks the 25th anniversary of the tiananmen square massacre .  sophie richardson : when will china 's leaders stop whitewashing the event ? .  she says beijing 's tactics of suppression and crackdown breed discontent .  richardson : brave chinese activists are still trying to defend human right .
 'war horse ' creators ' incredible life-size puppets <sec> basil jones and adrian kohler are the co-founders of the handspring puppet company .  they 've created the life-sized horse puppets for award-winning play 'war horse ' .  the south african duo have created some of their country 's most successful theater piece .
 soccer legend pele leaves hospital <sec> pele spent 15 days in the hospital .  he jokes that he has three hearts so he was never in danger of dying .  pele is considered one of the top two soccer players of all time .  he began his soccer career in the late 1950 .
 teachers among 50 arrested in child sex sting <sec> police : the men thought they were chatting with children .  suspects were in fact talking to undercover officers .  they were arrested when they drove to a florida home .  three teachers and a janitor were among those arreste .
 cops , kids attend cockfight , humane society says <sec> undercover footage shows kids , officers at cockfight , animal rights group says . .  cockfighting is illegal `` cruel blood sport , '' humane society manager says .  kentucky state police investigating , governor say .
 director of 'paradise lost ' trilogy dies <sec> bruce sinofsky 's documentaries covered a range of topics .  he took up the noted case of convicted `` west memphis three '' .  sinofsky , 58 , co-directed film about heavy metal band metallic .
 kristen bell : 'veronica mars ' could be my whole life <sec> kristen bell visited comic-con for `` veronica mars '' movie .  fans raised $ 5.7 to fund the film through kickstarter .  `` i like that fans are my boss , '' she told cn .
 u.s. man in hot water in dubai over parody video <sec> an american citizen is imprisoned in uae .  his family says he 's facing charges for a parody video he made .  shez cassim has been unable to be released on bail .  his next hearing is december 1 .
 volcano looms over iditarod dogs <sec> dog sled kennel is near volcanic mount redoubt in alaska .  animals are in training for grueling iditarod dog sled race .  dogs will have to be moved to avoid falling ash from volcano .  hardware store manager says air masks selling briskl .
 seth macfarlane wo n't host oscars : 'my suggestion is joaquin phoenix ' <sec> seth macfralane says he 's out as 2014 oscars host .  `` family guy '' creator says he ca n't make work with schedule .  he had a tongue-in-cheek suggestio .
 michael brown 's blood found in officer 's car , on gun <sec> officer 's testimony helps him , but `` he is not out of the woods yet , '' analyst says .  a leading activist finds account of officer 's testimony `` so hard to believe '' .  brown supporters are so angry that st. louis area may `` burn , '' activist warns .  report : evidence does not indicate any civil rights violations so fa .
 owner of colorado dog sled business charged with animal cruelty <sec> dan maceachen faces eight counts of animal cruelty .  he is scheduled to appear in court on tuesday .  his attorney questions the motives of maceachan 's critic .
 mexican police : drug gang leader says he ordered 1,500 killings <sec> police : jose antonio acosta hernandez says he targeted police , officials , rivals .  acosta has been a reputed top leader in la linea , the armed branch of the juarez drug cartel .  mexican authorities say they worked with the dea to capture him .  federal police link him to some of the most notorious violence in juare .
 egyptian general admits 'virginity checks ' conducted on protesters <sec> 17 women were arrested at a march 9 protest in cairo , after mubarak 's ouster .  a senior egyptian general says some of them were subject to `` virginity checks '' .  he says it was done so that they would n't claim later they had been raped .  one woman allegedly targeted had said , `` they wanted to teach us a lesson .
 imaging gear would give soldiers 'terminator'-like vision <sec> the pentagon 's darpa unit unveiled a camera system that can project a 3-d image .  you 'd be able to see all around you , including behind yourself , and zooming in at will .  an `` integrated weapon sighting '' function locks your gun on your target when acquire .
 is it the end of an era for black universities ? <sec> lawmaker says combining black colleges with white ones will cut costs .  historically black university president says that move would end hbcus .  these institutions pride themselves on building relationships , president says .  lawmaker says combination would ease racial tensions as wel .
 florida couple 's slaying was a contract hit , source says <sec> new : escambia county sheriff says theory is not off the table .  prosecutor does not deny theory is under scrutiny ; calls robbery `` prime motive '' .  source : prosecutors believe most suspects thought they were pulling off robbery .  alleged mastermind plotted hit on byrd and melanie billings , source say .
 ted turner no fan of nuclear power , but it beats coal <sec> environmentalist says nuclear power is costly , dangerous .  but alternative energy not ready for prime time yet , he says .  u.s. government not in strong position to help , turner says .  world needs to spend more on health care , u.n. funding , he say .
 aubameyang leads borussia dortmund to win in league opener <sec> pierre-emerick aubameyang scores three goals in borussia dortmund 's league opener .  robert lewandowski nets the other as part of a 4-0 win at augsburg .  newly promoted hertha berlin puts six goals past eintracht frankfurt .  in ligue 1 , radamel falcao scores in his league debut for big-spending monac .
 fantasia barrino gives birth to a son <sec> `` i feel so blessed , '' barrino says .  the singer also has a 10-year-old daughter .  the singer revealed her pregnancy during a florida sho .
 the appropriation of paul walker <sec> paul walker 's fame has increased since his death .  fans complained when an ad featuring walker ran right after his death .  a coffee shop apologized after marking tip jars with walker movie name .
 project brabham : can fan funding bring back an icon to formula one ? <sec> project brabham aims to bring back the brabham team to motorsport .  the project is relying on crowdfunding to raise the money needed .  former f1 world champion sir jack brabham founded the brabham tea .
 impossible art : mind-bending , 3-d printed masterpieces <sec> 3-d printing is opening new avenues for artists .  the van gogh museum is printing 3-d replicas of iconic paintings .  even victoria 's secret has embraced the technolog .
 11 killed in baghdad , kirkuk attacks <sec> new : suicide bombing in kirkuk kills 5 , wounds 17 , police say .  two deadly blasts hit predominantly shiite neighborhoods in baghdad .  mosul also was hit by bombings ; 9 were wounded .  29 died in violence wednesday in kirkuk and baghda .
 taking a roller coaster ride back in time at coney island <sec> cyclone roller coaster debuted in june 1927 .  coney island fixture starts with 85-foot drop .  riders on saturday paid the original 25-cent far .
 broncos , jets work out tebow trade <sec> new : `` he 's a great competitor , '' jets official says .  tebow will hold special place in broncos history , elway says .  deal earlier hit snag over money , espn reports .  the broncos signed free agent star quarterback peyton mannin .
 mexican actress lorena rojas dies after cancer battle <sec> she had been fighting cancer since 2008 .  rojas starred in more than a dozen soap opera .
 3 suspected islamist terrorists arrested in france <sec> three suspects are arrested in a joint french-spanish operation , spanish officials say .  the arrests are a follow-up to raids last august in southern spain .  those raids turned up evidence that led to the arrest .
 why drone strikes are the enemy of peace <sec> president obama acknowledged -- for first time -- human toll of drone attacks .  fawaz gerges : u.s. `` war on terror '' and drone strikes fuel home-grown radicalization .  recent attackers unified not by ideology , but core grievances , real or imagined - gerges .  deescalating `` war on terror , he says , could remove sources of disillusionment for muslim teen .
 will obama be a clinton -- or a carter ? <sec> gloria borger says president obama 's discussion of economy fell flat .  she says the change message , which worked well for obama in campaign , is old by now .  obama is visible but is n't connecting with public the way bill clinton did , borger says .  key test for obama will be after midterms as he deals with new congress , she say .
 victims of australian child abuse scandal look for peace <sec> top australian catholic spoke at inquiry into allegations of institutional child sex abuse .  cardinal george pell acknowledged church covered up abuse of minors over several decades .  australian premier julia gillard last year called for a wide-ranging , nationwide inquir .
 'talking dead ' host chris hardwick 's father dies <sec> his father dies of an apparent heart attack .  the father was a hall of fame bowler .  billyu hardwick had appeared on his son 's podcas .
 no criminal prosecution of holder for contempt <sec> the justice department cites the president 's executive privilege in the case .  the u.s. house cited attorney general eric holder for contempt of congress .  democrats protested the contempt citation as a political move .  the dispute involves documents in fast and furious failed weapons crackdow .
 lady gaga avoids trial ; settles pay dispute with former assistant <sec> details of the deal were not revealed in court papers filed to end the case .  a trial had been set for trial in new york next week .  the former personal assistant sought $ 350,000 in back pay from lady gaga .  jennifer o'neill claimed she worked `` 24/7 '' for gag .
 google+ trumps facebook in customer satisfaction <sec> new survey ranks google+ as the most-liked social network .  google+ scored 78 of 100 , while facebook scored 61 .  the data come from the american customer satisfaction inde .
 review : 'rush ' hits a few potholes <sec> film is based on real-life rivalry between formula one racing legends .  chris hemsworth plays james hunt and daniel brühl stars as niki lauda .  directed by ron howard , the movie 's at its best when it 's on the track .  off the track , the film hits a few pothole .
 can china become a melting pot ? <sec> khanna : everywhere you look in urban china , you see foreigners : traders , merchants , students .  china has become a global center of economic gravity and a demographic magnet .  foreigners are considered an essential part of achieving the 'chinese dream .
 hezbollah blames u.s. for all terrorism <sec> `` american terrorism is the source of every terrorism , '' hezbollah chief says .  hassan nasrallah unveils group 's new `` manifesto '' .  `` all countries keen on peace '' should help `` liberate jerusalem , '' nasrallah says .  u.s. , israel list hezbollah as a terrorist organizatio .
 and for my next trick ... . <sec> alex thomson renowned for his daredevil yachting stunts .  thomson 's mast and keel walks were big hits on youtube .  the 40-year-old briton targets victory in 2016 vendee globe .  he does not rule out doing another stunt in the futur .
 super pacs a disaster for democracy <sec> super pacs get unlimited funds from super rich , corporations , unions to spend in elections .  fred wertheimer : super pacs reportedly raised $ 181 million in two years , half from 200 people .  super pacs push citizens to sidelines , he says , by buying a candidate 's election .  super pacs must be required to disclose donors and expenditures , wertheimer say .
 new law makes tanning beds off-limits to most california teens <sec> california 's governor signs a law barring those ages 14-18 from using tanning beds .  the law is the most restrictive of any state , though brazil banned tanning beds altogether .  the bill 's author says it will `` help save lives and prevent unnecessary suffering '' .  a who agency has classified tanning beds as 'carcinogenic to humans .
 opinion : how to fix our cities <sec> foley and zimmer are concerned that u.s. cities big and small are failing to keep up with change .  economic opportunity , education and poverty issues are growing , they say .  detroit , hartford , san diego and pittsburgh have different problems with different solution .
 electrical fire caused dreamliner to lose power , boeing says <sec> new : an electrical fire cause the plane to lose power , boeing says .  new : the crew relied on backup systems to land the aircraft .  the crew was testing fire prevention system .  boeing says no new flights will be scheduled for no .
 private warhol collection stolen from l.a. home <sec> thieves made off with 11 andy warhol pieces from a private residence last week .  multimillion-dollar collection had been displayed in businessman 's dining room .  one of the works was a portrait of the businessman , richard weisman .  $ 1 million reward offered for information leading to art 's recover .
 chenoweth giving animals a voice <sec> kristin chenoweth started a nonprofit that works with local animal shelters .  maddie 's corner is named after chenoweth 's dog , who is named after late actress madeline kahn .  chenoweth : i grew up in oklahoma around a lot of animals , they inspire m .
 same-sex marriages resume in california after court gives ok <sec> kristin perry and sandra stier wed at san francisco city hall .  they do so after a federal appeals court lifts an order banning same-sex marriages .  the u.s. supreme court paved the way for the move with a ruling wednesday .  prop 8 supporters say those cheering `` should be ashamed .
 man killed in pamplona 's running of the bulls <sec> victim was a 27-year-old spanish man from the madrid area .  tragedy happened during annual running of the bulls in pamplona , spain .  death the first since 22-year-old american was gored to death in 199 .
 colin powell , foot soldiers battle america 's dropout 'catastrophe ' <sec> willie thornton , 48 , runs a dropout prevention program in rural alabama .  thornton is trying to lower the school 's dropout rate ; he mentors 70 at-risk students .  study : 53 percent of black students , 57 percent latinos graduate within four years .  retired gen. colin powell says minority dropout rate is a 'catastrophe .
 ivan reitman will not direct 'ghostbusters 3 ' <sec> ivan reitman produced and directing previous two films .  he said decision was partly due to death of harold ramis .  sony is shooting for early 2015 to fil .
 3 children killed in knife attack on chinese school <sec> a man stabs 8 children and a teacher at a primary school in hubei province .  three of the children die , the other victims are hospitalized .  the attacker then commits suicide by jumping off a building .  new : initial investigation suggests man 's daughter was not allowed to attend clas .
 top local cop arrested in missing 43 mexican students case <sec> officials tell families of missing students about the arrest after a day of protests .  families reject official accounts and demand proof .  cesar nava gonzalez had been on the run since the students disappeared , authorities say .  nava allegedly helped round up the 43 students and hand them over to a drug gan .
 julian assange to edward snowden : 'go to latin america ' <sec> wikileaks founder julian assange slams secret surveillance programs .  he describes them as `` bulk , arbitrary , driftnet fishing '' .  he praises the man who leaked a story about them , edward snowden .  assange has been holed up in the ecuadoran embassy in london for almost a yea .
 indian activist channels river of dissatisfaction over corruption <sec> new : police reportedly remove conditions on fast , hazare adviser says .  authorities detained anna hazare as he planned a hunger strike to push for anti-corruption measures .  prime minister says arrests before protest were justifie .
 kate middleton baby pregnant <sec> prince william , duchess of cambridge expecting first child .  catherine is daughter of self-made millionaires from rural england .  catherine met prince william when both were at university in scotland .  william and catherine 's child will be next in line to british throne after willia .
 suicide attack in kabul kills 3 troops <sec> strike was carried out with a vehicle-borne improvised explosive device .  the nationalities of the service members were not immediately available .  `` indirect fire '' struck the u.s. embassy in kabul earlier this week .  the united states and afghanistan are working on a security pac .
 surprising facts about the goodyear blimp <sec> goodyear began making blimps in 1917 .  wind is a blimp 's worst enemy ; pilots control blimps with an odd steering wheel .  goodyear blimps have an auto-deflating system in case of emergencies .  goodyear plans an upgrade to faster , longer zeppelin nt airships in 201 .
 luxor balloon disaster 'blow ' for egyptian tourism <sec> nineteen people -- mainly foreign tourists -- died in a ballooning disaster in luxor on tuesday .  egypt 's international tourism industry has been negatively affected by the 2011 revolution .  analysts say that figures for 2012 showed there had been a slight recovery in the industry .  they say the ballooning disaster is a blow to egyptian efforts to grow touris .
 woman falls down elevator shaft at boston 's fenway park <sec> new : the woman was not moving when she was found , fire department spokesman says .  a woman falls down an elevator shaft at fenway park .  rescuers shut off power to the elevator to prevent movement .  the woman suffered serious injurie .
 train like a jockey : the boot camp producing winners <sec> the british racing school at newmarket runs a fitness boot camp for jockeys .  jockeys focus on core , legs and upper body strength but aim to avoid muscle mass .  jockey martin lane trains six days a week and races every day in the summer .  success in races depends 90 % on horsepower and 10 % on jockey abilit .
