 suspect named in beating of blind man in philadelphia <sec> mustafa guyton , 29 , is accused of aggravated assault .  he allegedly punched , kicked and stomped the 33-year-old victim .  the assault was caught by a surveillance camer .
 police search new jersey home of man accused in etan patz death <sec> new : new york police obtain search warrant in boy 's 1979 disappearance case .  rosemary hernandez ' lawyer : `` she feels strongly that the confession is unreliable '' .  pedro hernandez is charged with the second degree murder of 6-year-old etan patz .  hernandez admitted choking the boy after luring him into a basement , police sa .
 'girls ' among emmy newcomers as nominations announced <sec> hbo leads all networks with 81 emmy nominations .  there were some snubs , including louis c.k . .  's fx series `` louie '' .  the prize for best drama series looks to be a wide-open race .  the hbo comedy `` girls '' has divided both critics and viewer .
 gay conservatives target democrats in ad campaign <sec> goproud cites the campaign as a first .  the group will air ads against frank , pelosi and boxer .  the ads will air on bravo and lifetime cable channel .
 jason mraz 'wo n't give up ' <sec> jason mraz 's fourth album , `` love is a four letter word , '' has been released .  the break-up theme is front-and-center on `` i wo n't give up , '' the lead single .  `` it 's an album of love songs , but not just through the filter of romanticism , '' mraz tells cn .
 coast guard investigating potential oil spill in mississippi river <sec> two barges strike bridge near vicksburg , mississippi , and one leaks oil .  the barge that was leaking was carrying 80,000 gallons of oil .  the coast guard is not sure about how many gallons were spilled .  no one injured in accident ; mississippi river was closed for 16 mile .
 opinion : clothes , not human beings , belong in closet <sec> apple ceo tim cook publicly acknowledged his homosexuality last week .  olumide femi makanjuola says decision to do so is not easy , whoever and wherever you are .  makanjuola : announcement a reminder that clothes , not human beings , belong in the closet .  `` i look forward to a day when a powerful african ceo publicly acknowledges that they are lgbt .
 musician bill champlin leaves chicago <sec> singer-songwriter-keyboardist champlin joined chicago in 1981 .  he 'll tour in autumn to promote new solo album `` no place left to fall '' .  grammy-nominated keyboardist lou pardini will replace champlin .  group formed in 1967 and was named the big thing , then chicago transit authorit .
 yosemite wildfire burns area the size of chicago , threatens homes <sec> the rim fire has burned more than 160,000 acres in california .  a top priority is stopping the fire from spreading further in yosemite national park .  evacuating residents say they 're worried about their homes .  official : `` we 're going to do everything in our power to protect '' yosemit .
 can scandinavia cool the internet 's appetite for power ? <sec> some companies have begun operating large data centers near the arctic .  the area is attractive because of its low electricity prices and high levels of renewable energy .  internet related activity accounts for an ever increasing share of the world 's energy usag .
 how to build your personal brand <sec> developing a personal brand can be a great strategy for job seekers .  a personal brand is what makes you stand out .  decide what you want your personal brand to say about you .  the internet is a good place to establish both visibility and a strong personal bran .
 witnesses say 1 dead in yemen protest ; no immediate confirmation <sec> new : hospital officials give no immediate confirmation that a demonstrator is killed in aden .  three sanaa university students were hurt after a protest there .  yemen has seen six days of clashes between pro- and anti-government crowd .
 chinese mothers cash in on formula scare by selling human milk <sec> some mothers in china have begun selling their excess breast milk online .  fears about the safety of infant formula have prompted mothers to seek an alternative .  the sale of breast milk occupies a legal gray area in china .  sales of breast milk also occur in other countrie .
 algeria crisis is a wakeup call for america <sec> americans , others have been taken hostage by islamist militants in algeria .  frida ghitis : the hostage crisis is a warning that militants must be pushed back .  she says war has been raging in neighboring mali , with extremists gaining ascendency .  ghitis : the u.s. should aid the mali government and help stabilize that part of the worl .
 friend charged in arkansas bank attempt involving elderly couple <sec> police say paul bradley forced a friend 's wife to attempt a bank robbery .  `` i had coffee with him all last week , '' her husband said .  the woman told tellers she had a bomb strapped to her ankle when she went in .  their assailant wore a mask and said little , so they were unable to identify their attacker at firs .
 pentagon report : china 's military expanding its capabilities <sec> pentagon report : china 's missile development `` shifting balance of power in region '' .  beijing 's lack of transparency could lead to unintended conflict , report says .  cessation of talks between nations ' militaries partly to blame , u.s. admiral says .  report : cyber warfare capability among the few areas of china 's `` truly global '' reac .
 aaron hernandez told me he 's innocent , team owner says <sec> aaron hernandez is charged with first-degree murder in the slaying of odin lloyd .  patriots ' owner testifies that hernandez was always respectful with hi .
 do you remember your mom 's phone number ? <sec> lz granderson : i had n't manually turned off tv in years .  granderson : i suspect technology has turned us into automated idiot savants .  he asks how many people can dial their loved ones ' phone number from memory ? .  granderson : technology has gone from assisting us in our lives to taking over our live .
 queen elizabeth ii released from hospital <sec> new : britain 's queen elizabeth ii is now out of king edward vii 's hospital .  gastroenteritis is an inflammation of the lining of the stomach and intestines .  the illness can cause dehydration and kidney problems in the elderly , a doctor says .  elizabeth ii was hospitalized `` as a precautionary measure , '' buckingham palace say .
 at least 65 die in attack at recruitment center in northern iraq <sec> police say the attacker targeted police recruits .  tikrit is nearly 100 miles north of baghdad .  recruitment centers have been frequently attacke .
 lorenzo clinches first 2011 pole at estoril <sec> reigning motogp champion claims fourth consecutive pole at estoril circuit .  marco simoncelli starts sunday 's race in second ; dani pedrosa finishes qualifying in third .  valentino rossi finishes qualifying down in ninth positio .
 darren wilson 's testimony stayed largely the same <sec> three interviews with darren wilson are now public .  his story followed the same lines when told to detectives , the grand jury and abc .  witnesses corroborate and dispute what he said .  evidence from police logs , crime scene supports much of the story but questions remai .
 opinion : did lincoln start the 'war of christmas ' ? <sec> david frum : lincoln , like many in 1834 , did n't observe christmas as an official holiday .  he says in late 19th century , americans began to observe christmas as a public holiday .  early americans kept a sharp separation of church and state , frum says .  frum : `` war on christmas '' flap a reaction to a perceived threat to folkway , not religio .
 opinion : samsung galaxy s iii wo n't be for everyone <sec> miles : samsung galaxy s iii is the phone for the flag bearers .  the device offers all the technology you could wish for in a smartphone , he says .  it has the power to take on the iphone 4s and any phone that comes out during the year .  but its might and expertise is likely to be too much for people who just want a phone , says mile .
 legendary folk singer pete seeger dies at 94 <sec> pete seeger dies of natural causes in a new york hospital , his family says .  his career spanned more than 70 years , often courting controversy .  he is known for songs like `` where have all the flowers gone .
 the day after , tornado survivors ' harrowing stories <sec> mom waited for three hours for news that her boys were alive .  kids and parents in parking lot search for each other .  national guard rescuers look for their own loved ones , to .
 gun store nixes mark kelly 's ar-15 purchase <sec> arizona gun store says it has refunded the money .  kelly is the husband of former rep. gabby giffords .  giffords was shot in the head in tuscon two years ag .
 nadal progresses at indian wells ; soderling suffers shock defeat <sec> rafael nadal eases into last 16 at indian wells by beating u.s. qualifier ryan sweeting .  two-time champion meets indian qualifier somdev devvarman for a quarterfinal spot .  robin soderling suffers surprise defeat to german world no . .  35 philipp kohlschreiber .  juan martin del potro , sam querrey and tommy robredo also progress to round fou .
 putin announces split : 'we have different lives ' <sec> russian president , ex-wife announce split on state-run tv .  `` we almost do n't see each other , '' vladimir putin tells russia 24 .  lyudmila putin says she does n't like to be in public .  the pair have two adult childre .
 obama touts stimulus success with highway projects <sec> new : president obama : `` projects are consistently coming in under budget '' .  stimulus dollars have funded 2,000 transportation projects , officials say .  administration says savings will stretch $ 48 billion stimulus budget for infrastructure .  officials did n't give overall estimate of money saved from competitive bid .
 four hot reads for fall <sec> some of the biggest names in publishing are back on the shelves this fall .  an iraq war veteran is winning rave reviews for his first novel .  j.k. rowling 's first novel since the harry potter series is finally here .  michael ennis makes machiavelli and da vinci crime solvers in a new nove .
 new orleans saints had bounty program to injure opposing players , nfl says <sec> new : nfl : the program was administered by then-defensive coordinator gregg williams .  new : he reportedly apologizes and says he 'll never be involved with such activity again .  new : nfl : head coach sean payton was aware of the allegations and failed to stop the program .  both the individuals involved and the club could be punishe .
 seattle times bans use of 'redskins ' <sec> seattle times becomes latest paper to stop using the name ''redskins '' .  sports editor : `` the most controversial name in sports wo n't appear again '' in print or online editions .  kansas city star , san francisco chronicle , the oregonian do n't use the word eithe .
 report : torture , starvation rife in north korea political prisons <sec> testimony reveals realities of daily life in n korean political prisoner camps .  amnesty says the camps could contain as many as 200,000 inmates .  there are fears of a crackdown as the country heads towards a change of leadershi .
 swiss deny england in qualifier as rooney gets new hair <sec> england held 2-2 at home by switzerland in absence of suspended wayne rooney .  manchester united striker reveals that he used his time off to get a hair transplant .  group g leaders england level on points with montenegro , held 1-1 by bulgaria .  groups b and h have three-way ties at the top of the points standing .
 vandals paint swastikas on walls of jewish holy site <sec> it is unclear when the graffiti was sprayed on the walls of the tomb .  joseph 's tomb is in the northern west bank city of nablus .  it is under palestinian authority rul .
 new 'star wars ' trailer released <sec> the new `` star wars : episode vii -- the force awakens '' trailer is released .  a fan gathering in los angeles featured the cast and a droid .  the movie comes out december 1 .
 make schools safe for girls everywhere <sec> jennifer buffett : girls everywhere want to go to school to get a better future .  buffett : sadly , pursuing an education can be dangerous as girls encounter violence .  she says on the first united nations international day , make girls ' safety a priority .  buffett : we can do our part to help girls by making sure schools are harmless place .
 the screening room 's top 10 life-affirming movie moments <sec> films full of life-affirming moments include `` casablanca , '' `` silent running '' .  `` it 's a wonderful life '' tops list from `` the screening room '' .  list by no means complete ; send us your .
 psst ! ... broadway tickets for cheap <sec> general rush tickets and ticket lotteries are available to last-minute buyers .  two popular musicals offer onstage seating at a fraction of the standard prices .  lincoln center theater offers $ 20 tickets for high school and college student .
 opinion : google privacy ruling could change how we all use the internet <sec> europe 's top court said google is responsible for data it links to .  a data protection expert says the court ruled in favor of privacy and individual rights .  for google , this result creates a headache , and potentially huge costs , paul bernal write .
 the biggest scandal in washington <sec> julian zelizer : the flood of money into u.s. politics is a scandal .  he says money from powerful interests prevents rational choices on budget cutting .  it helps explain why wall street got bailed out , and u.s. homeowners did n't , he say .
 kevin has a family : a same-sex couple 's remarkable journey <sec> story of a same-sex couple personalizes family as supreme court readies for arguments .  baby was found abandoned in a new york city subway station .  'papa ' and 'daddy ' wed on the anniversary of meeting -- but they were already a family .  the family lives a quiet life in manhatta .
 man carries assault rifle to obama protest -- and it 's legal <sec> video shows man with an assault rifle slung over his shoulder at phoenix protest .  arizona law has nothing in the books regulating assault rifles .  secret service : man considered no threat to president , who was nearby .  man carrying rifle : `` i think that people need to get out and do it more .
 bush writes of anger , resolve after sept. 11 attacks <sec> his blood was boiling after the 9/11 attacks , former president writes .  bush said response to hurricane katrina clouded his second term .  he feared news of 1976 dui arrest would cost him the 2000 electio .
 ohio investigators probe shootings possibly tied to craigslist ad <sec> one man told police he was shot after answering a craigslist ad for an ohio job .  nine days later , a body is found in a shallow grave near the shooting site .  2 other bodies found friday may be linked to the same ad , authorities say .  the son of one victim says his father was `` stoked '' about the online job offe .
 fire in southern california prompts evacuations <sec> new : the fire is estimated at 5,000 acres , up from 300 earlier .  some 450 firefighters are working the blaze , located in riverside count .
 isis abducts scores of christians in syria , groups say <sec> violence continues in region , including bombings that kill 21 in baghdad .  assyrian rights advocate : women , children and elderly are among the scores abducted .  official : u.s. sending thousands of rifles , scopes , magazines , helmets to iraqi .
 'we will destroy isis ' : iranian militia vows to fight <sec> iran 's elite quds force is training , advising and supporting iraqi shia militias in their fight against isis . .  iranian officials say they would like better cooperation with the u.s. , but say trust between the nations is lackin .
 honduras earthquake leaves six dead <sec> eighty homes destroyed , another 175 damaged , official says .  original quake centered about 200 miles ( 320 km ) north of the capital , usgs says .  quake centered 27 miles ( 43 km ) from roatan , popular scuba diving destinatio .
 how brushing your teeth lowers your risk of cancer <sec> cdc : about 60 % of oropharyngeal cancers are related to human papillomavirus .  poor oral health is an independent risk factor for oral hpv infection , study finds .  white men have the highest rates of hpv-related throat cance .
 why does sochi 2014 matter ? <sec> are you debating whether to engage with sochi 2014 ? .  maybe these 10 reasons will warm you to the event that just loves to be cold .  'it 's about peace and getting together with a bunch of people '' .  `` it makes your armchair all the more safe and comfortable .
 can biofuels solve america 's oil crunch ? <sec> cnn.com crew to drive from california to georgia on biodiesel fuel .  biodiesel fuel is made from chemically modified vegetable oil .  follow road trip on cnn.com live and on cnn.com 's sci-tech blog .  crew to offer green road trip tips ; vote on possible destinations her .
 cowell gets egged during 'britain 's got talent ' finale <sec> woman throws five eggs in general direction of simon cowell .  cowell takes off jacket after incident .  ew reports she was in the orchestra on stage when she began tossing egg .
 a cause that unites the left and right <sec> van jones : america locks up far too many of its citizens , and there 's a bipartisan effort to change that .  he says president obama , the koch brothers , newt gingrich , cory booker and others agree on i .
 annan : iran has 'role to play ' for syrian peace <sec> an opposition group recorded at least 68 deaths tuesday .  the united states calls iran 's behavior in syria `` destructive '' .  annan visited bashar al-assad in damascus .  the envoy is now in iraq , meeting with its prime ministe .
 u.n. tackles noncommunicable diseases , world 's leading killer <sec> u.n. members vow to reduce diabetes , heart disease , cancer .  36 million people died from noncommunicable diseases worldwide in 2006 .  such diseases are greater threats than transmissible diseases in nearly every region .  3 of every 5 people die from noncommunicable diseases , u.n. head say .
 drake wins on 'saturday night live ' <sec> rapper drake hosted and performed on `` snl '' january 18 .  it was also new cast member sasheer zamata 's debut .  drake impersonated several stars , including jay z and lil wayne .  critics were pleasantly surprise .
 mccurry wins battle against mcdonald 's <sec> david-and-goliath match-up in fast food world sees mccurry defeat mcdonald 's .  mcdonald 's claimed that the `` mc '' in mccurry trampled on its trademark .  mccurry owner p. suppiah : `` we 're very relieved -- much , much relieved .
 gingrich : gop , emphasize gain , not pain <sec> newt gingrich : democrats see an opportunity to win back control of the house .  he says republicans will be painted as opponents of entitlement programs .  gingrich : gop should n't look for a deal to rein in entitlement spending and raise taxes .  gingrich : agenda should be a future of innovation in contrast to past government failure .
 bay bridge reopens ahead of schedule <sec> new : bridge `` is safer than when we closed it on friday , '' official says .  california bridge closed last week for scheduled retrofitting .  workers discovered `` significant crack '' on east span of bridge .  about 280,000 vehicles travel san francisco-oakland bay bridge dail .
 tobacco companies sue to thwart federal panel , claiming bias <sec> new : fda spokesman says that the agency generally does n't comment on litigation .  r.j. reynolds and lorillard file a lawsuit friday in u.s. district court in washington .  the tobacco firms question the objectivity of a key federal advisory panel 's members .  committee is set to issue a report on the safety of menthol cigarettes in marc .
 twitter account of pistorius ' brother hacked , falsely posting media availability <sec> pistorius family expresses relief upon his being freed on bail .  twitter account of carl pistorius is hacked , a family rep says .  tweet falsely states that olympian oscar pistorius was giving interviews .  pistorius , freed on bail on a murder charge , is n't speaking to media , rep say .
 obama not pushing to pass immigration reform this year <sec> obama does not expect immigration reform to come this year , press secretary says .  administration will start looking into possible solutions soon , officials say .  administration dismisses idea that the move will put pressure on obama 's agend .
