 nyc loses appeal to ban large sugary drinks <sec> new york appeals courts rules that city 's ban on large sugary drinks is illegal .  decision says board of health `` exceeded scope of its regulatory authority '' .  industry group praises the decision , says ban was unfair to small businesses .  mayor bill de blasio : `` we can not turn our backs on the high rates of obesity and diabetes .
 2 missing skiers found dead after colorado avalanche <sec> new : search team works to remove bodies of two dead skiers from mountain .  mountain snowpacks are `` teetering on the brink of critical mass , '' avalanche center warns .  the avalanche occurred saturday evening in central colorado .  the hospitalized skiers suffered injuries such as a broken leg and a broken ankl .
 tech guru lowe back in the fast lane <sec> paddy lowe cleared to join mercedes from mclaren on june 3 .  lowe to work alongside team principal ross brawn as executive director ( technical ) .  williams deputy team principal says finances more important than race result .  claire williams also describes valtteri bottas as a future world champio .
 ex-egyptian president 's son , known for 1980s revolt , dead <sec> khaled abdel nasser was the oldest son of president gamal abdel nasser .  he was accused of organizing a revolt in egypt in the 1980s .  he tried and acquitted in connection with the deaths of two israeli diplomats in egyp .
 an insider 's guide to mexico city <sec> espacio escultórico at mexico 's biggest university campus has a relaxing collection of sculptures .  stick to the tacos and tequila as if you were anywhere in mexico .  zinco bar , on cinco de mayo street downtown , has great jazz music , cheerful crow .
 incident at white house puts drones into focus <sec> a drone crashed monday on white house grounds .  peter bergen : american fleet of drones a harbinger of an important tren .
 coding and red bull : facebook holds all-night hacking session <sec> at facebook , all-night hacking will greet initial public offering of stock .  the company 's 31st `` hackathon '' lets employees work on pet projects .  facebook chat and the `` like '' button came from earlier hackathon .
 defending champion wozniacki eases into copenhagen quarterfinals <sec> caroline wozniacki into quarterfinals of wta tournament in copenhagen .  top-seeded dane beats pauline parmentier of france 6-2 6-1 .  second seed angelique kerber taken to three sets by anne keothavong .  olga govertsova into third round of barcelona ope .
 katey sagal : peg bundy to motorcycle mama <sec> katey sagal 's series about cyclists , `` sons of anarchy , '' is out on dvd .  sagal says being a mother has given her insight into her major roles .  she hears rumors about `` lost , '' but nobody 's told her anything personall .
 man charged with murder in kansas doctor 's death <sec> new : physician says future of slain doctor 's clinic is unknown .  scott roeder , 51 , charged with first-degree murder , aggravated assault .  he is accused of killing wichita doctor george tiller on sunday .  preliminary hearing is set for june 1 .
 saudi agent in bomb plot held uk passport , source says <sec> new : the mole studied arabic in yemen to draw al qaeda 's attention , analyst says .  new : saudi agents smuggled him out of yemen and separately retrieved the bomb , he says .  the man was a british citizen of saudi descent who had fallen in with jihadist sympathizers .  al qaeda 's yemeni branch has `` a whole outfit '' targeting u.s. , source say .
 liverpool lose injured gerrard for a month ; nani blow for united <sec> liverpool captain steven gerrard is sidelined with a groin injury for four weeks .  midfielder picked up problem in his side 's win over epl rivals chelsea on february 6 .  england star also ruled out of his country 's euro 2012 qualifier against wales .  manchester united 's nemanja vidic returns for fa cup quarterfinal against arsena .
 five scenarios : health care options before the justices <sec> the election-year rulings will guide how americans receive medical care .  they will also set boundaries for how government regulation can affect a range of social areas .  an 1867 law could play a pivotal role .  the government 's key lawyer fielded more than 100 questions from the benc .
 soldier 's letters give first-hand look at spanish flu pandemic <sec> u.s. soldier survived spanish flu pandemic not once , but twice .  1918 spanish flu ravaged military camps where soldiers trained for wwi .  letter says camp put `` under quarantine to prevent an epidemic of spanish influenza '' .  martin `` al '' culhane in letter told his brother to keep infection secret from rest of famil .
 american who aided mumbai terror attack sentenced to 35 years <sec> david headley receives sentence that prosecutors recommended .  he faced up to a life sentence for conviction related to the deadly 2008 mumbai attack .  prosecutors say headley has cooperated with government efforts to combat terrorism .  headley is accused of attending terrorism training camps and plotting attack .
 report : microsoft collaborated closely with nsa <sec> a new report from the guardian newspaper claims microsoft willingly collaborated with the nsa .  report : microsoft allowed feds to circumvent its encryption system to spy on users .  microsoft says it turns over data on customers only in response to legal requests .  microsoft : we do `` not provide any government with blanket or direct access to ... any microsoft product .
 memorable hotel suites <sec> a hotel 's suite is often its most desired room and the epitome of hospitality .  london 's corinthia hotel 's penthouse is the largest two-bedroom hotel residence in the city .  hotel suite views are luxe : everything from desert beauty to arabian horses enhance the room .
 staples announces in-store 3-d printing service <sec> a new service will allow customers to print 3-d objects at staples office-supply stores .  the printers generate objects using reams of paper that are cut , stacked and glued together .  staples easy 3d will launch in the netherlands and belgium in the first quarter of 201 .
 violence mars philippines elections <sec> new : killing of three people at mayoral candidate 's house under investigation .  polls open and will close at 6 p.m. local time .  voters choose a new president , vice president and 17,000 other positions .  philippine national police ( pnp ) on nationwide full alert since last wee .
 2 dead , 21 hurt in tour bus wreck <sec> bus carrying senior citizens returning from casino trip in iowa overturns in minnesota .  minnesota official : `` all 23 people on board were either injured or killed '' .  at least 10 ambulances , several medical helicopters rush to the scene .  weather conditions were good when the bus lost control on interstate 90 near austi .
 supreme court overrules bush , oks texas execution <sec> mexican national jose medellin convicted of murder of two texas girls .  international court concluded medellin was denied access to his consulate .  president bush asked texas to give medellin new court hearing .  supreme court supports texas ' refusal , says bush ca n't force new hearin .
 spain nets a ton of cocaine in floating backpacks <sec> spain seizes dozens of submersible backpacks full of cocaine .  they had been used to smuggle drugs along the mediterranean coast .  five people were arrested in two cities as part of the prob .
 taylor swift : dating is last thing on my mind <sec> swift says she ca n't picture how she can date right now .  she says men do n't want what comes with her fame .  swift has dated several famous me .
 cuban president says economic changes will help sustain socialism <sec> the president says the aim is to make socialism `` irreversible '' .  `` there will be no going back , '' castro says .  cuban officials expect its economy to grow 3.1 percent in 201 .
 2 dead , 36 hurt by tornado at virginia campground <sec> new : the national weather service confirms an f1 tornado in virginia .  new : police say a jersey city , new jersey couple died when a tree fell on their tent .  new : 36 people were hospitalized , including the son of the slain couple .  photos show overturned campers and a downed tree on one vehicl .
 legends we lost in 2014 , by christiane amanpour <sec> newspaper editor ben bradlee was a giant of journalism , a real lion , writes amanpour .  `` he was mesmerizing in the sheer breadth of his knowledge and his lifetime experience '' .  conductor lorin maazel brought hope and the sound of beautiful music to north kore .
 obama adviser mistakes 4-star general for waiter <sec> obama adviser asks no . .  2 army general for wine .  he laughs it off .  military black-tie outfit looks like server 's unifor .
 venezuelan lawmaker warns opposition to steer clear of chavez strongholds <sec> lawmaker : opposition candidate machado 's event provoked gunfire .  freddy bernal , a close chavez ally , says the ruling party has no need to resort to violence .  machado accuses the venezuelan government of being complicit with criminals .  a pro-democracy advocate says the government should condemn the attac .
 albuquerque , justice department reach deal over police brutality <sec> u.s. department of justice and city of albuquerque agree on police reforms .  the city agrees to allow independent monitor and court to oversee reforms .  agreement follows justice report on deadly practices and brutality by albuquerque polic .
 ronaldo and higuain put madrid back top <sec> real madrid defeat racing santander 2-0 to return to the top of spanish table .  cristiano ronaldo and gonzalo higuain score the goals that lift real above barcelona .  valencia consolidate third place in the table with a comfortable 3-0 win over osasuna .
 militant islamist groups destroy shrines in mali <sec> militants in troubled mali attack religious shrines .  timbuktu resident says gunmen fired warning shots in the air .  the incident was the second in several weeks .  the tombs are hundreds of years ol .
 india overtakes china as world 's biggest arms importer <sec> india 's business accounted for 10 % of the global arms market between 2007-2011 .  focused on the modernization of its armed forces with the purchase of fighter jets , warships .  china has become a bigger exporter of weapons as its defense industry has expanded .  china and india have been increasing defense spending as their economies gro .
 ukraine crisis : 5 possible directions in ukraine <sec> top officials in the west , russia and ukraine seek an end to the crisis .  possible end games include everything from war to russian retreat .  the most likely outcome involves russia retreating with condition .
 mayweather tells pacquiao : let 's get it on <sec> floyd mayweather has challenged manny pacquiao to a fight on may 5 .  mayweather was sentenced to three months in jail for domestic violence in december .  the american received permission to delay reporting to jail in order to fight in may .  but pacquiao says he would prefer to finally face his rival at the end of the mont .
 will physical books be gone in five years ? <sec> the physical book 's days are numbered , author nicholas negroponte says .  `` the physical medium can not be distributed to enough people , '' he says .  negroponte founded one laptop per child in 200 .
 madonna stalker caught after escaping from mental hospital <sec> new : detectives will determine whether robert dewey hoskins will face new charges .  hoskins was under a court order to receive treatment at a mental hospital .  he left the hospital on february 3 , police say .  he served 10 years in prison for stalking madonn .
 guinea 's first free election praised for transparency <sec> voting democratic and inclusive , carter center says .  west african country ruled by authoritarian , military governments for decades .  demonstrators against most recent coup massacred by military , u.s. and human rights group say .  more than 150 killed , scores raped in september protes .
 michigan student with down syndrome may get to keep playing sports <sec> eric dompierre has down syndrome and plays high school football and basketball .  a michigan school rule would prevent him from playing his senior year because of his age .  schools are expected to vote on a proposal that would allow for a waiver under certain circumstance .
 winston churchill 's blood to be auctioned <sec> blood reportedly taken from the former british prime minister will be auctioned on march 12 .  duke 's auction house says the blood was taken during a hospital stay in 1962 .  nurse drew the blood and kept it after the hospital was going to dispose of i .
 transforming lion killers into 'lion guardians ' <sec> leela hazzah wanted to help when she learned lions in egypt were extinct .  she has since devoted her life to lion conservation in africa .  her nonprofit turns warriors who have a tradition of killing lions into lion protector .
 hunting heats up : 6 spots in the u.s . <sec> hunting makes connection between the live animal and meat , says `` meat eater '' host .  hunting wild pigs , pheasants , geese , ducks , grouse are all popular right now .  big game requires permits and a longer lead tim .
 her son had williams syndrome ; she pushed for full life <sec> carrie mcgee 's son alex was diagnosed with williams syndrome at 5 months old .  williams syndrome is a rare genetic disorder that can cause developmental delays and learning disabilities .  mcgee quit her job as a hospital executive to care for her so .
 amazing stories of liquor legends <sec> capt . .  morgan married his own cousin , plundered cuba and won a knighthood .  jack daniel died after losing a fight with a ... safe ? .  which best-selling bourbon whiskey was originally called `` old tub ? '' .  gin-maker tanqueray descended from three-generations of clergyme .
 11 killed in wrong-way wrecks in florida , california <sec> two drivers headed the wrong way on highways led to fatal collisions , law enforcement says .  in florida , five people , including the wrong-way driver , were killed in tampa .  in california , a wrong-way driver was arrested after a collision killed six in two vehicle .
 after the rescue : a yazidi family 's harrowing flight to escape isis <sec> far fewer yazidis are trapped than previously feared , officials say .  sisters aziza and dunya hamid escape mountain in a helicopter rescue .  cnn 's ivan watson tracked them down at a makeshift shelter in zakho .  they found out their father , who stayed behind , was saf .
 last of 11 charged with felony hazing in famu case turns herself in <sec> new : lasherry codner , 20 , bonded out of orange county jail after turning herself in .  authorities had said days earlier that they had been in contact with her family in georgia .  11 people are accused of hazing in the death of robert champion , a florida a & m band membe .
 how 6 people accidentally found a fortune <sec> man buys martin johnson heade painting for $ 30 and sells it for $ 1.2 million .  woman with metal detector found crucifix priced at more than $ 63,000 .  arkansas park is the only diamond site in the world that 's open to the public .  possible jackson pollock painting bought for $ 5 may be worth $ 100 millio .
 flood leaves boulevard of broken dreams <sec> the a & w in cedar rapids was doug ward 's life for 30 years until last year 's flood .  almost a year later , the drive-in sits in ruins , the root beer mugs still muddied .  the drive-in has been a landmark in the time check neighborhood since 1948 .  it will cost upward of $ 1 million to rebuild or change location .
 suicide attacks on military base kill 7 in yemen <sec> ansar al sharia , an al qaeda affiliate , claimed responsibility .  medical officials said the death toll could ris .
 iraq museum pays smugglers for looted treasures <sec> selmani museum in kurdistan is paying smugglers to return looted treasure .  controversial move as international museum community do n't usually buy back artifacts .  unesco says paying for stolen objects can encourage looting to continu .
 face time with prince turki bin faisal al saud <sec> mme speaks with saudi prince turki al-faisal at the jeddah economic forum .  saudi expansion from 2000 onwards several times larger than 1970s oil boom .  emphasis on education , employment for saudi arabia 's young population .  prince turki : `` people have come around to embrace change in the kingdom .
 feds to judge : give snipes maximum penalty <sec> federal prosecutors urge judge to sentence wesley snipes to 3 years .  prosecutors also want to fine snipes $ 5 million .  justice dept . .  wants to use snipes as example to deter tax fraud .  snipes was charged with conspiracy , was acquitted of most serious charge .
 spill could close part of mississippi river for days <sec> ninety-eight miles of mississippi river closed from new orleans southward .  closure could last days , but cleanup could take weeks , coast guard says .  more than 400,000 gallons of fuel oil spilled after tanker , barge collide .  river is major route for cargo between midwest , gulf of mexic .
 indian prime minister calls games crisis meeting <sec> new : the indian home minister sets deadlines for games work .  manmohan singh will meet the sports and urban development ministers .  new : cyclist geraint thomas the latest star athlete to pull out .  concerns voiced about facilities in games village and securit .
 girl , 9 , laid to rest as murder suspect , 15 , appears in court <sec> 15-year-old suspect accused planning , carrying out murder of 9-year-old .  elizabeth olten disappeared after returning home from friends house in missouri .  olten , 9 , and suspect had played together before , family spokeswoman says .  judge will be deciding whether to charge suspect as an adult or juvenil .
 queen 's horse estimate fails drugs test <sec> the queen 's horse estimate fails a drugs test .  estimate won the 2013 gold cup at ascot in front of monarch .  the five-year-old filly tests positive for morphin .
 designer galliano goes on trial over anti-semitic remarks <sec> john galliano testifies he was taking `` a lethal mix '' of sleeping pills .  it was `` 'just an argument in a bar , '' one alleged victim says .  galliano says he ca n't recall making abusive comments .  galliano faces six months in jail and a fine of 22,500 euros if convicte .
 thailand travel warnings issued as thousands of protesters gather <sec> despite anti-government protests , bangkok residents remain calm , unconcerned .  more than 20 nations issue warnings for citizens to avoid political gatherings .  some tourists did n't even realize there were protests taking place in bangko .
 stevie wonder named un 'messenger of peace ' <sec> stevie wonder to promote united nations ideals and activities in new role .  wonder 's welcome broken up by alarm ; he cracked a joke .  other messengers of peace include george clooney , michael douglas , yo-yo m .
 intelligence chief replaces inspector general <sec> inspector general edward mcguire is being replaced as dni 's internal watchdog .  maguire 's departure comes after blistering report critical of dni .  report details turf battles within intelligence community , financial mismanagemen .
 california beach goes heavy on the anchovies <sec> millions of anchovies swarmed the surf off la jolla shores , ca . .  no school this large has been so close in 30 years .  the causes are likely fluctuating oceanic temperature .
 u.s. copters support iraqis fighting isis <sec> u.s. helicopter gunships support iraqi troops battling isis , military sources say .  it 's unclear whether militants got past the perimeter of the base housing u.s. forces , a pentagon spokesman say .
 the worst referee decisions in football ? <sec> incident in manchester united-tottenham game puts spotlight on refereeing decisions .  female official in brazil awards goal after ball boy puts shot into visiting team 's net .  french referee embarrassed after world cup incident involving luis fabiano .  englishman finally sends off player after giving him three yellow card .
 girl dies after being tossed from bridge ; father held <sec> defendant repeatedly says he wants to `` leave it in god 's hands '' .  father faces murder , aggravated assault , aggravated fleeing counts .  officer watches driver stop and throw a child off bridge , affidavit say .
