 african voices : ian khama <sec> botswana 's president ian khama talks to cnn on 'african voices ' .  former military general and son of botswana 's first president .  botswana is one of africa 's success stories although hiv and aids are rif .
 the spirit of music : is the protest over ? <sec> protest songs date back to 14th-century britain and the peasants ' revolt .  bob dylan represented the protest song culture in the 60s and 70s .  marvin gaye carried protest into soul ; public enemy took it to hip-hop .  bob geldof claims the protest song no longer has power to effect chang .
 bangladesh tries again to oust nobel laureate from bank post <sec> the government says muhammad yunus was removed as general manager .  but grameen bank says he was not fired .  yunus pioneered microcredit and won a nobel peace prize in 2006 .  his supporters say the government is out to get hi .
 taliban still a major threat 8 years later <sec> eight years since u.s. forces overthrew the taliban leaders of afghanistan .  but the war against the taliban insurgency is bloodier than ever .  kabul residents rarely complain about the taliban , often rail against afghan state .  security will be on minds of voters at polls august 20 , afghan journalist say .
 navy is changing the way it prepares for storms <sec> the uss wasp is one of america 's largest amphibious ships .  it has a full-sized flight deck , a dock inside its stern and a hospital deck .  `` what you are seeing is lessons learned , '' says rear adm. kevin scot .
 pele uncorks champagne 's fifa presidential bid <sec> jerome champagne launches bid for fifa presidency .  frenchman is former fifa deputy secretary general .  ran sepp blatter 's successful 2002 reelection campaig .
 chinese ships carry out patrols around islands at center of dispute with japan <sec> new : all the chinese ships have left the area , japan says .  tokyo says it has protested the `` illegal act '' with chinese authorities .  tensions between japan and china are high over a group of disputed islands .  japan controls the islands , but china claims they are part of its territor .
 official : company in kansas city explosion lacked work permit <sec> one person died , others were injured in a blast at a kansas city , missouri , restaurant .  the explosion came after a worker laying cable damaged a 2-inch gas line .  a city official says the worker 's company did n't have a permit for the excavation .  those who do such work without permits could get up to 6 months in jail , he say .
 lawmaker : 'do n't ask-do n't tell ' can be repealed in year <sec> bill would allow gays to openly serve in the u.s. military .  during run for presidency , barack obama said he would repeal `` do n't ask-do n't tell '' .  bill sponsor : new policy could pass in first year of obama administratio .
 iraq : blackwater staff to face charges <sec> iraqi government to file charges against blackwater staff , official says .  iraqi government accuses blackwater staff of shooting civilians to death .  unclear how iraqi courts will try to bring the contractors to trial .  u.s.-drafted provisional authority regulations shield contractors from iraqi law .
 cnn fact check : a day after libya attack , obama described it as 'acts of terror ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> `` it took the president 14 days '' to describe benghazi attack as a terror act , romney says .  `` no acts of terror will ever shake the resolve of this great nation , '' obama says a day after attack .  obama reiterates the stance a day later at another even .
 syria : diplomatic deadlock , deaths go on <sec> `` we do n't have any idea how to make these guys go away , '' a diplomat says of regime .  `` in the immediate future , '' he adds , `` there is not going to be a western intervention in syria '' .  analysts : the american public has little appetite for involvement in another middle eastern conflict .  the growing specter of a civil war in syria has policymakers worrie .
 calm returns after protests rock anaheim <sec> the fbi will review the shootings to assess whether a civil rights inquiry is warranted .  two men are shot over the weekend , but it was manuel diaz ' killing that sparks protests .  diaz ' family files a $ 50 million lawsuit , saying he committed no crime .  anaheim police arrest 24 after tuesday night 's protes .
 vet-turned-congressman : end 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' <sec> new : amid wars , decision should not be hasty , joint chiefs chair says .  `` we can not afford to wait any longer '' to change policy , congressman says .  president clinton signed law in 1993 after it was introduced by colin powell .  family of dead seaman says they believe he was killed because he was ga .
 opinion : alternative healing or quackery ? <sec> nontraditional therapies can be valuable , but sometimes cross a line .  dr. paul offit says some alternative therapists promote `` magical thinking '' .  any drug or therapy that has a positive effect can have a negative effec .
 amazon launches new game studio <sec> amazon launches its first social game for facebook .  a new amazon game department could be competition for zynga .  `` living classics '' is a literature-based game where you click on moving object .
 sevilla beat cursed benfica on penalties in europa league final <sec> sevilla defeat benfica 4-2 on penalties to win the europa league in turin .  the spanish side join an elite group of teams to have lifted the european trophy three times .  benfica 's european curse continues as the portuguese club have now lost eight european finals .  spain will win all european trophies in 2014 as real madrid and atletico madrid contest champions leagu .
 opinion : four lessons from nixon 's failed presidency <sec> a film based on home movies by nixon aides airs on cnn at 9 p.m . .  et thursday .  julian zelizer says the film is a reminder of key lessons from nixon 's presidency .  he says watergate showed dangers of executive power , need for investigative reporting .  zelizer : in watergate , an energized congress showed effectivenes .
 instagram hits 27 million users , says android app coming 'soon ' <sec> photo-sharing app instagram has almost doubled its user base since december .  instagram ceo says an android version of the app is in private bet .
 lufthansa pilots begin four-day strike <sec> new : estimated 4,000 pilots at german airline lufthansa begin four-day strike .  the pilots union says strike focuses on pay and conditions issues .  the company says the union is trying to interfere in management decisions .  lufthansa flies to 80 countries with its main hub being frankfurt , german .
 former california city manager sentenced to 12 years for corruption <sec> the former city manager of bell , california , will repay $ 8.8 million in restitution .  robert rizzo and other convicted former officials stole nearly $ 11 million from the city .  rizzo and those convicted officials `` looted at will , '' prosecutors said .  the public corruption case drew attention for its big theft in such a small cit .
 clinton embarks on wide-ranging asia trip <sec> the trip begins in the cook islands for the regional pacific islands forum .  she then heads to indonesia , beijing , east timor and brunei .  clinton will end the trip at the apec summit in russia .  u.s. official : the trip is meant to highlight a u.s. focus on the entire regio .
 senate passes budget bill that includes iraq war funding <sec> new : the roughly $ 555 billion budget measure passed 76-17 .  democrats failed to tie war funding to plan to withdraw u.s. troops from iraq .  bill has nearly 9,000 earmarks worth $ 7.4 billion , watchdog group says .  measure now goes back to house for approval in its revised for .
 landrieu 's defeat gives gop ninth seat this cycle <sec> rep. bill cassidy , a republican , won louisiana 's runoff saturday night .  he becomes the ninth gop pickup in the senate this election cycle .  incumbent democrat sen. mary landrieu campaigned through saturda .
 'supporter for sale ' finds new home at spurs <sec> ben dudley put his support up for auction after cardiff city were rebranded .  a winning bid of $ 1,324 sees him support tottenham hotspur next season .  bids on ebay came from melbourne , new york and seattle .  dudley 's father has always supported tottenha .
 funeral service planned for ohio school shooting victim <sec> funeral service will be held saturday for daniel parmertor .  parmertor , two other students were killed at chardon , ohio , high school .  grief counselors and police were at the school on friday .  t.j. lane was charged thursday with three counts of aggravated murde .
 family twice told son was dead -- except he was n't <sec> a young man is killed in a car crash late wednesday in juneau , alaska .  state troopers , then juneau police tell justin priest 's parents he 's dead .  news site : the parents go to their son 's house , and he opens the door .  juneau police chief : `` it was our mistake , and we are sorry .
 review : 'summer ' one of the best of the year <sec> `` ( 500 ) days of summer '' is absolutely wonderful , says ew .  film is about an 18-month relationship , but avoids pitfalls of formula .  joseph gordon-levitt and zooey deschanel are outstandin .
 phil mickelson wins british open at muirfield with late charge <sec> american phil mickelson wins the british open at muirfield by three shots .  a final five-under-par round of 66 helped the left-hander to his first british open title .  swede henrik stenson was second with ian poulter , lee westwood and adam scott third .  tiger woods dropped back to joint sixth on two over for the tournament with a final round 7 .
 stowaway afghan spider kills family dog <sec> uk family forced from home as poisonous insect hitches in from afghanistan .  camel spider believed to have stowed away in soldier 's luggage .  family blames creature for death of pet dog cassi .
 craigslist killing suspect seemed 'all-american ' <sec> procedural not-guilty plea entered in craigslist slaying case .  suspect philip markoff has been suspended from boston university med school .  evidence suggests that victim julissa brisman `` put up a fight , '' prosecutor says .  markoff also charged in connection with an april 10 robber .
 retracing a summer of terror -- and freedom <sec> new documentary captures recollections of freedom summer civil rights veterans .  film by macarthur `` genius grant '' fellow reveals clash of idealism , casual brutality .  `` no one felt like he was going to make it out alive , '' says one voluntee .
 'so long , ebb and flow ' : nasa crashes probes into moon <sec> grail probes ebb and flow crash into a mountain near the moon 's north pole .  the site is named for the late american astronaut sally ride , who died in july .  the probes have been diligently mapping the moon and collecting evidence this yea .
 war of words heats up china , japan tensions <sec> tensions between china and japan have been heightened in recent weeks .  the focal point of their spat is an island chain in the east china sea that both claim .  china warned that japanese threat to shoot down its unmanned drones an act of war .  former japanese pm fukuda : time to act now to overcome differences , find common groun .
 review : john mellencamp 's 'no better than this ' <sec> his 25th album , `` no better than this , '' is musical storytelling for hard times .  mellencamp has never sounded looser or easier on a record .  he 's at his best when he turns hardscrabble struggle into rock & rol .
 suicide bomber kills 3 soldiers in lebanon <sec> three soldiers are killed in a suicide car bomb attack at a checkpoint .  prime minister calls it a `` repugnant terrorist act . '' .  hezbollah has also condemned the attack as a terrorist act .
 japanese volcano erupting ; no evacuations issued <sec> mt . .  shinmoe 's last eruption was in july .  some residents evacuated voluntarily , but have returne .
 bolt leads jamaica to new relay record <sec> jamaica set a new world record in the final of the men 's 4x100m relay in daegu .  usain bolt leads jamaica home in a time of 37.04 seconds with france second .  britain 's mo farah makes up for his 10,000m disappointment by winnng the 5,000m .  the final day of the world championships sees united states top medals tabl .
 snowstorm an early test for bill de blasio , new york city 's new mayor <sec> weather seen as the first challenge to a new mayor pushing a progressive agenda .  mayor bill de blasio : `` i had a great night ; it was not the most sleep-filled night '' .  `` we are working in all five boroughs equally , '' de blasio , said at a garage in queen .
 new wonder woman draws mixed reaction <sec> wonder woman 's new look was seen at comic-con on saturday .  the color scheme is darker than the classic costume .  fan reaction has been mixe .
 police review death of rolling stones founder brian jones <sec> sussex police confirm they are reviewing information on brian jones ' death .  rolling stones founder was found dead in his swimming pool in july 1969 .  inquest found `` death by misadventure , '' although questions remained .  investigative journalist has handed documents , other material to polic .
 natalie westling is painting fashion red <sec> natalie westling , 17 , is being called fashion 's new `` it girl '' model and `` one to watch '' .  westling is walking in london fashion week this week ; she walked in new york as well .  new york legislature now classifies models under 18 as child performers .  westling dyed her hair red for the marc jacobs spring 2014 ad campaig .
 africa 's secret weapon : the diaspora <sec> african diaspora can boost continent 's prosperity , says amini kajunju .  they can dispel myths about africa and help shape foreign policy , she says .  skilled diasporan professionals are investing in afric .
 woman faces federal charges after allegedly stealing meatballs <sec> housekeeper is accused of trying to steal a bag of frozen meatballs .  estelle casimir has pleaded not guilty .  manager says casimir tried to sneak the meatballs out , claiming the bag was garbage .  if convicted , she could face up to two years in jail and a $ 2,000 fin .
 obama urges students to work hard , stay in school <sec> president obama speaks to students about education 's importance .  `` there is no excuse for not trying , '' obama says .  secretary of education arne duncan says speech not unprecedented .  some school administrators did not show speech ; others let teachers decid .
 roman gladiator cemetery found in england <sec> archeological dig finds bodies showing teeth marks , injuries from weapons .  experts say clues point to gladiators buried in cemetery .  'highly unlikely that this individual was attacked by a tiger as he was walking home from the pub ' .  israeli archeologists announced the discovery of a huge cache of religious objects about 3,500 years ol .
 at least 7 die as bus overturns near hoover dam <sec> bus passengers were chinese nationals , officials say .  the dead lay in body bags on the roadway near the overturned bus .  tour bus overturns on u.s. route 93 , heading from las vegas to arizona .  hospital says as many as 15 victims being flown to las vega .
 cuban revolutionary commander dies of heart attack <sec> cuban revolutionary juan almeida died of a heart attack friday evening .  almeida , 82 , was a vice president and member of the central committee .  he was among only a few black leaders in top government posts .  almeida fought with the castros at the start of their campesino-led revolutio .
 china 's bo xilai faces off with ex-police chief key to his downfall <sec> bo trial wraps up third day saturday in jinan .  the former top official has mounted a tough defense against bribery charges .  so far , bo has stolen the show , attacking prosecution 's case and ridiculing testimon .
 high court blocks wisconsin voter id law <sec> coalition of private groups had asked high court to intervene .  justices alito , scalia and thomas opposed the order .  the issue could affect wisconsin 's race for governor .  judge in texas also strikes down state 's voter id la .
 south korea : north korea fires 2 ballistic missiles <sec> south korean official : 2 short-range missiles are fired from north korea .  south korea 's military is monitoring the situation closely , the official add .
 democracy can thrive in africa <sec> as a boy , jarreth merz witnessed violent coup in ghana .  his family left for europe , but he returned in 2008 to film ghana 's election .  after close vote and a runoff , a winner was declared and power transferred .  merz : election helped show that democracy is viable in afric .
 deported bin laden widows , daughters leaving for saudi arabia <sec> bin laden family members leaving for saudi arabia .  a pakistani judge ordered them deported for living there illegally .  three widows , two daughters among those leavin .
 recording of mother 's voice used in search for autistic new york teen <sec> new : `` my message to my son is that i love him and we 're going to find him , '' mom says .  new : attorney says school officials took at least 45 minutes to call police after teen left .  the message is being played from the speakers of police cars and other search vehicles .  avonte , 14 , was last seen leaving his long island city school on october .
 teen girls coding their way to a brighter future <sec> many girls in nima , one of accra 's poorest slums , receive little or no education .  achievers ghana is a school funded by the community to give the next generation a better chance of success .  girls are being taught to code by tech entrepreneur regina agyare , who believes her students will go fa .
 george w. bush tells jay leno : not worried how history will judge <sec> bush is glad to no longer be president .  the former president has stayed quiet , because he does not want to criticize obama , he said .  he joked with leno about the comedian 's tv show coming to an end this spring .  bush made a gift to leno of a portrait of the comedian that he painted himsel .
 suspect in gay sailor 's death commits suicide <sec> sailor charged in death of gay sailor found dead in brig , officials say .  officials believe jonathan campos asphyxiated himself .  seaman august provost was shot , killed during sentry duty in jun .
 new york city on sale <sec> new york 's first-ever hotel week means lower room rates .  restaurant week celebrates its 20th anniversary next year .  theater lovers can score two-for-one tickets during broadway wee .
 survivor : german firm 's apology for birth defects drug 'not enough ' <sec> new : campaigner says drug manufacturer should offer compensation as well as apology .  children whose mothers took thalidomide during pregnancy were born without limbs .  the drug was taken by women to counter morning sickness in the 1950s and 1960s .  drugs firm gruenenthal expresses regret , says 50-year delay is result of its `` silent shock .
 the kills 'need to be part of the world ' <sec> the kills are alison mosshart and jamie hince .  the pair are known for both their music and personal lives .  they also produce artwork and photos for their cd jacket .
 mandela 's unusual tributes : bird , nuclear particle named after him <sec> a woodpecker is officially named australopicus nelsonmandelai .  'paravanda nelson mandela '' in singapore is also named after the former president .  in britain , a nuclear particle is also named after him in britai .
 whistle-blower : health care industry engaging in pr tactics <sec> wendell potter is a former vice president at insurance giant cigna .  potter says insurance companies use key buzzwords as scare tactics .  potter also testified on his company 's practice of 'purging ' .  cigna spokesman denies claims that the company engages in patient purgin .
 'dazed and confused ' director takes in murderer <sec> in 1996 , bernie tiede killed rich texas widow and hid her in a freezer .  the bizarre case became subject of film `` bernie '' .  film 's director , richard linklater , is letting tiede use an apartment he owns .  victim 's granddaughter : `` it seems like we 've forgotten about my grandmother .
 minister creflo dollar asks for $ 60 million for a jet <sec> link to video asking church members to pledge goes to error page .  the preacher wants to buy a new jet , as his current one is more than 30 years old .  the jet would be used to help spread the gospel , dollar say .
