 kanye west 's 'fame kills ' tour meets swift death <sec> kanye west 's tour with lady gaga canceled two weeks after being announced .  three-month , 34-show tour across u.s. and canada was to start next month .  west told jay leno he was planning to take time off in wake of mtv embarrassment .  concert promoter live nation says refunds will be give .
 benedict cumberbatch to read richard iii funeral poem <sec> richard iii 's remains will be reinterred thursday in leicester cathedral .  oscar-nominated benedict cumberbatch -- a distant relative -- will read poem at service .  long-lost skeleton was discovered beneath a parking lot in august 201 .
 rangel seeks federal probe into n.y. friendly-fire police deaths <sec> officer omar edwards of nypd killed in friendly fire incident last month .  edwards , who is black , was shot by white officer who did n't realize he was fellow cop .  rep. charles rangel asks justice department to look into police training , practices .  new york gov . .  david paterson has set up task force to look at issue statewid .
 new fears for timbuktu in mali conflict <sec> french forces are fighting the remaining islamists in timbuktu , mali .  timbuktu is a unesco world heritage site of huge cultural significance .  islamists have repeatedly targeted timbuktu 's ancient burial sites .  unesco has called for the protection of the ancient city of timbukt .
 why is a documentary on smog taking china by storm ? <sec> two-hour documentary on china 's air pollution goes viral .  documentary shot by former tv anchor after birth of child .  film generated ferocious debate , took censors by surpris .
 arrest elsa ! police seek comic relief from bitter cold <sec> police in kentucky put out an apb for the snow queen on facebook .  about this time of winter , law enforcers often seek comic relief against the col .
 analysis : why sanctions are n't working in myanmar <sec> china , thailand , india , singapore have lucrative deals with myanmar 's junta .  expert says sanctions have little impact on myanmar economy .  experts recommend freezing personal assets of the ruling generals .  such a move would need asean support ; but asean prefers soft diplomac .
 5 questions about the justin bieber case <sec> justin bieber 's arrest thursday raises several questions .  bieber , 19 , told police he had been drinking , smoking pot .  bieber is a canadian citizen ; could arrest hurt his u.s. status .
 taxes , end obamacare : house republicans unveil summer wish list <sec> house republicans want to roll back regulation , dismantle `` obamacare '' .  none of these measures will likely become law , but are election-year manuevering .  congress must act by the end of the year to avoid dire fiscal consequence .
 inter end drought with win over chievo <sec> late goals from walter samuel and diego milito earn inter milan first win in eight serie a games .  napoli score six against cagliari to move up to fourth place .  bundesliga match between stuttgart and kaiserslautern ends goalles .
 city removes actual fork in the road <sec> a retired teacher put a giant fork in the road .  the city of carlsbad removed it the next day .  neighbors want it put back .  cnn first heard about this story through photos shared on irepor .
 messi returns to haunt arsenal as barca triumph ; shakhtar thump roma <sec> barcelona beat arsenal 4-3 on aggregate to reach champions league quarterfinals .  lionel messi scores twice and xavi once as barca win 3-1 at the camp nou .  arsenal incensed at robin van persie 's dismissal for kicking the ball away .  shakhtar donetsk beat roma 3-0 in ukraine to go through 6-2 on aggregat .
 neo-nazis attack anti-racism demonstrators in sweden <sec> 40 neo-nazis confronted 200 anti-racism demonstrators in stockholm on sunday .  28 of the right-wing extremists were arrested after throwing bottles , stones at the protesters .  four people were injured , including two police officers .  police says the suspects will likely be released sunday night pending tria .
 opinion : 'my income makes me feel _______ ' <sec> cnn ireport asks readers to say how their income makes them feel .  the assignment follows a series by john sutter on income inequality .  sutter reported on the `` most unequal place in america '' .  he says the war on poverty should morph into a war on inequalit .
 neighbor accuses bieber of 'battery and threats ' <sec> new : bieber source : `` they exchanged words , '' but there was no physical contact .  a neighbor calls deputies about bieber tuesday morning .  investigators are looking at witness statements to decide whether bieber should be charged .  bieber lives in an exclusive community near michael jackson 's childre .
 new grammys ad # leftswipedat tackles teen smoking <sec> an anti-smoking music video will capitalize on popularity of dating apps among teens .  a 60-second spot was to be showcased during the grammys .  survey : teen cigarette use down , but teens do n't view social smoking as very harmfu .
 usda orders recall of 143 million pounds of beef <sec> about 37 million pounds of the meat went to school lunch programs .  usda official : there is `` remote probability '' beef could cause illness in humans .  westland/hallmark meat packing company employees accused of cattle abuse .  hidden video shows animals unable to walk being dragged , carried by forklift .
 boy 'glad ' he spoke out after hearing racial slurs at pennsylvania swim club <sec> a boy recalls hearing a mostly white club 's members talking about day campers .  his account of that 2009 incident was later fodder for a justice department lawsuit .  `` marcus did n't know racism existed '' before the episode , his mother says .  the now defunct club recently reached a settlement , including payments to camper .
 week of charlie hebdo massacre ends with standoffs <sec> week of terror ends with charlie hebdo attackers killed .  separate violent standoffs thrust jittery nation into a new crisis .  president francois hollande : `` france is not done with threats .
 obama 's syria dilemma : becoming the president he did n't like <sec> president obama won support in the 2008 election with his criticism of the war in iraq .  obama is not the first president to become involved in a difficult international conflict .  how the operation in syria unfolds will affect obama 's legacy in the white hous .
 childhood traumas resurface as lebanon bleeds again <sec> cnn 's octavia nasr : will lebanon 's brief renaissance be snuffed out ? .  nasr says lebanon 's key power players have n't changed since 1980s .  nasr : current struggle threatens to set lebanon back 20 year .
 8 drown in flash floods in australia <sec> new : 72 people are now missing in latest australia flooding .  eight people have been confirmed dead and 11 injured , police say .  prolonged flooding in northeast australia has affected at least 200,000 people .  toowoomba is queensland 's biggest inland cit .
 at memorial service , a celebration of maya angelou 's voice <sec> memorial service celebrates life and work of maya angelou .  michelle obama : `` she celebrated black women 's beauty like no one had ever dared to '' .  oprah winfrey : `` the loss i feel i can not describe '' .  bill clinton : `` god loaned her his voice .
 is thailand safe for tourists ? essential info for travelers <sec> on thursday , thailand 's military announced it had taken control of the government in a coup .  military imposed an overnight curfew between 10 p.m. and 5 a.m. in bangkok .  air passengers with arrival and departure flights scheduled during the curfew are permitted to trave .
 rights group : scores of anti-government activists arrested in syria <sec> an official of a human rights group describes a `` wave '' of arrests across syria .  at least 117 anti-government activists and intellectuals were arrested , the official says .  `` we were able to confirm only 117 ... we expect the number to be a lot higher , '' he add .
 world bank raises horn of africa aid to $ 1.88 billion <sec> the u.n. hosts a mini-summit on drought and famine in the horn of africa .  three-quarters of a million people are `` at imminent risk of starvation , '' said the u.n. chie .
 storm-battered town hit twice in a year <sec> harvest , alabama , has a history of coping with tornado damage .  town residents are trying to recover after apparent tornadoes leveled parts of harvest .  residents were still repairing their homes from last year when the storms hit .  55 % of alabama was hit by the storms last april , authorities sa .
 obama 's fly-fishing trip is apt metaphor for health care pitch <sec> cnn white house producer : fly-fishing is a metaphor that fits obama 's presidency .  beginning anglers desire to catch bigger and bigger fish , expert says .  obama is in the `` big fish '' stage of his presidency , shawna shepherd writes .  delicate processes of political success are like casting , reading the water , etc .
 ex-syrian ambassador calls for foreign military intervention <sec> a u.s. official says defector 's claims about al qaeda cooperation are `` consistent '' .  nawaf al-fares , former syrian ambassador to iraq , is the highest-ranking diplomatic defector .  `` i tried to convince the regime ... to change its treatment of the people , '' he says .  syria denies accusations of massacres and attacking civilian .
 visiting the new south africa <sec> south africa is a beautifully diverse country .  take a lengthy stop in cape town , a drive up the garden route and a safari .  explore south africa 's diverse cuisine to round out the experienc .
 passion for dinosaurs leads to major discovery <sec> tyler lyson discovered a 25-foot-long dinosaur fossil with skin in 1999 .  check out the ypwr blog to meet this week 's featured young person .  ireport.com : do you know someone who rocks ? .  let us kno .
 football first xi : best goals ever <sec> football fanzone presents a rundown of the 11 best goals of all time .  included are some great individual goals and some great team goals .  let us know what you think by commenting in the sound off bo .
 jonas brothers : it 's over for now <sec> the jonas brothers have broken up , people reports .  kevin jonas tells magazine the group is `` over for now '' .  the news follows the band 's earlier tour cancellatio .
 artisan shop lets you buy a piece of authentic africa <sec> aromas of zanzibar sells clothing and accessories crafted in vibrant african prints .  all products are made on site by local artisans , using only locally sourced materials .  the shop is the brainchild of former hotel assistant manager rizwan janmohame .
 poll : de blasio popular in nyc before police shooting <sec> de blasio was viewed positively by most new york city residents ahead of police shooting .  mayor is less popular statewid .
 suspect : 'i finally know who mailed the anthrax letters ' <sec> `` i finally know who mailed the anthrax letters , '' bruce ivins allegedly wrote to himself .  court documents reveal more details about allegations he threatened co-workers .  ivins ' attorney : documents prove nothing .  authorities say ivins mailed anthrax letters that killed five people in 200 .
 google designing android for intel chips <sec> google will make future versions of android for intel chips .  android currently works with processors designed by arm .  intel has struggled to break into the smartphone marke .
 hostage standoff at post office is over <sec> new : armed , disabled man wheeled himself out of a virginia facility , taken into custody .  standoff began wednesday afternoon ; number of hostages was uncertain .  man entered wytheville , virginia , post office and fired a shot , mayor say .
 suicide blast kills 3 in peshawar , pakistan <sec> a suicide blast has killed 3 and injured 13 in peshawar , pakistan .  the attack struck a convoy from pakistan 's frontier corps .  police said a high ranking army officer was the target of the attack but he is saf .
 jelena jankovic : on top of the tennis world <sec> serbian tennis star is world number one ; looking to win first grand slam tournament .  moved from family in belgrade to train in florida at just 12-years-old .  gaining reputation as one of the hardest working players on the tou .
 city pays $ 1 million to mother of homeless man beaten to death by police <sec> a wrongful death suit is pending against the city .  kelly thomas , 37 , who was homeless , was beaten last year in fullerton , california .  officer manuel ramos and cpl . .  jay patrick cicinelli are charged in the death .  they have pleaded not guilty to the charge .
 guinea leader survives attack <sec> attack occurs thursday in the nation 's capital , conakry , official says .  camara seized power in a coup in december 2008 .  in september an opposition demonstration was marred by violence .  at least 157 people were killed , women raped , human rights groups sa .
 benedict cumberbatch 's old-school engagement <sec> benedict cumberbatch is engaged to sophie hunter .  the couple revealed the news with a simple newspaper notice .  on twitter , there 's been a string of broken heart .
 feds : chicago-area man charged over attempted terrorist attack <sec> the man allegedly tried to detonate a car bomb at a chicago bar .  undercover fbi agents monitored the entire alleged plan , the agency says .  the fbi says the man is a u.s. citizen who wanted to carry out jihad .  the man made an initial court appearance in federal court saturda .
 facebook is tweaking your news feed <sec> facebook is tweaking your news feed to put popular older posts back on top .  on an average day , people only see 300 of the 1,500 posts from their friends and pages .  your most recent likes , comments and other actions determine what posts you see .  facebook : `` this update does a better job of showing people the stories they want to see .
 janet jackson : michael tribute is 'too difficult for me ' <sec> michael jackson 's youngest sister confirms she will not attend the wales concert .  jackson 's mother and four siblings plan to attend the october 8 tribute .  brothers jermaine and randy jackson object to a show during the conrad murray tria .
 feidin santana , shooting witness , fears retribution <sec> witness who took video of shooting said when he arrived officer was on top of walter scott .  feidin santana says walter scott did n't take michael slager 's taser .  santana said he never saw officers perform cpr before he left the scene to go to wor .
 samsung chairman announces resignation <sec> samsung group chairman lee kun-hee announces resignation , apologizes .  lee 's decision comes a few days after his indictment amid corruption investigation .  lee was indicted for tax evasion and breach of trust .  prosecutors say indictment relates to a plan to transfer control of the firm to his so .
 mom kills her children , herself at florida home <sec> new : tonya thomas called three of her wounded children home and shot them again , killing them .  in all , thomas killed her four children before shooting herself , police say .  children 's father does n't live with the family ; police say he 's distraught .  authorities received calls about past incidents at the home , including a `` domestic incident .
 martin guitars : 175 years of sound <sec> c.f . .  martin guitars has been producing instruments since 1833 .  guitars have been played by icons from hank williams to eric clapton .  `` you have to get the feel of the wood , '' veteran employee says .  owner says that each guitar coming out of the factory is uniqu .
 press freedom : is beijing losing control of the narrative ? <sec> foreign correspondents falling foul of chinese authorities as they take a tougher line .  many face bureaucratic harassment with work visas not renewed .  risks far greater for chinese nationals who can be continually harassed or jailed .  but enterprising reporters are using internet , social media to play the censor .
 commentary : judge sotomayor is not a racist <sec> sherrilyn ifill : the charge of being a racist is a taboo in much of society .  critics of sotomayor have called her racist for one sentence in a speech , ifill says .  she says judge was honestly examining how judges make their decisions .  ifill says impartiality is always a work-in-progress for judge .
 a 'literary miracle ' crowned by oprah <sec> eileen pollack : there was concern about uwem akpan 's application to a writing program .  she says he fit in well and his talent soon became evident .  akpan 's blessed with great talent for hearing people and with poetic writing ability , she says .  his book of stories about african children has been selected by oprah 's book clu .
 house passes food safety bill to send to obama <sec> the house votes 215-144 for final approval .  a constitutional error in the bill 's origination force a second round of approval .  the bill includes the biggest overhaul of the food safety system since 193 .
 japan asian cup star kagawa out for rest of season <sec> shinji kagawa to miss rest of bundesliga season with a foot injury .  kagawa picked up injury in japan 's asian cup semifinal win over south korea .  his borussia dortmund team lead the german standings by 11 point .
 pennsylvania coach accused of cover-up in alleged rape of player <sec> coach alicia colon is charged with multiple felonies , including hindering an investigation .  rafael gomez-echavarria is charged with rape .  the alleged rape took place in august , but was n't reported until late october .  no arrests have been made , police sa .
 fernando alonso : last chance saloon for formula one gunslinger ? <sec> fernando alonso is widely expected to leave ferrari at the end of the season .  the spaniard has been with the italian f1 team since 2010 .  alonso won back-to-back drivers ' championships in 2005 and 2006 .  the u.s. grand prix takes place in austin , texas on sunda .
 cholera deaths near 2,000 in zimbabwe <sec> world health organization says 1,937 people have died since outbreak in august .  cholera epidemic comes as zimbabwe faces worst economic crisis .  expert : failure to import adequate stocks of water-treating chemicals behind disease .  cholera has spread to neighboring countries south africa and botswan .
 volcano grows japanese island <sec> an eruption on the tiny volcanic island of nishinoshima formed a small islet .  that islet has merged with its neighbor and continues to develo .
 britain cites 'imminent danger ' in failed rescue in nigeria <sec> envoy cites `` imminent and growing danger '' in explaining failure to inform rome sooner .  ambassador william hague speaks to italians to `` explain events '' .  italy says britain 's failure to consult it before the rescue bid is `` inexplicable '' .  abductors seized the men in northwestern nigeria in ma .
 pakistanis get brief window to flee fighting <sec> curfew relaxed from 6 a.m. until 2 p.m. local time in swat valley , malakand .  taliban `` digging trenches , laying mines '' in disputed western city , expert says .  pakistan wants to push taliban south so it can encircle militants , expert says .  some 1.5 million people have been displaced by 10 months of fightin .
 uk beef products tested as horsemeat found in lasagna ; sweden also acts <sec> new : sweden 's 3 largest retailers pull packaged lasagna suspected of horsemeat .  findus france pulls three products because of horsemeat discovery .  tests on findus beef lasagna samples reveal horsemeat , uk inspectors say .  uk firm findus pulled the lasagna , made by a french supplier , from stores monda .
 scottish singer 'gobsmacked ' by overnight stardom <sec> new : youtube sensation credits late mother for inspiration to perform .  susan boyle wowed audience , judges on `` britain 's got talent '' .  boyle says , `` i would n't want to change myself too much '' .  unexpected star grabs spotlight with more than 15 million web view .
 barcelona battle to victory in absence of lionel messi <sec> sunday 's 1-0 win at malaga keeps barcelona top of la liga .  defender adriano scores only goal in absence of lionel messi .  atletico madrid also on six points after 5-0 thrashing of rayo vallecano .  winning starts in italy for new coaches at inter , napoli and rom .
