 u.n. official calls for investigations in rising ivory coast violence <sec> u.n. human rights official cites attacks by ouattara forces against certain villages .  guillaume ngefa : alleged perpetrators `` must be identified , pursued and punished '' .  government skeptical : `` most of these allegations are supported only by interviews '' .  other human rights groups have made recent statements about rising violenc .
 snowden , assange , greenwald , dotcom vs. nz pm john key <sec> nsa leaker edward snowden accused nz pm john key of misleading public over spying .  he was speaking at an event organized by kim dotcom billed as the election 's `` moment of truth '' .  dotcom is battling extradition on u.s. copyright charges and has formed a political party .  dotcom was the subject of unlawful surveillance by a nz intelligence agenc .
 landrieu , cassidy spar in final senate debate <sec> incumbent sen. mary landrieu , a louisiana democrat , faced-off against gop candidate rep. bill cassidy during a debate monday .  landrieu trails cassidy by double-digits in recent polling .  cassidy has effectively tied landrieu to deeply unpopular president barack obam .
 live bombs haunt orlando neighborhood <sec> more than 100 bombs and rockets have been found on orlando school property .  neighborhood was built around a world war ii bombing range .  army corps of engineers is conducting a $ 10 million cleanup .  residents are outraged : `` it 's incomprehensible .
 new delhi gang-rape suspects charged with murder , rape , kidnapping <sec> police file charges against the accused men in a new delhi court .  they are alleged to have raped a woman on a bus , leaving her with fatal injuries .  the victim 's father says he supports naming a tougher anti-rape law after her .  bar association leaders in the district where it happened urge lawyers not to take defendants ' cas .
 beck talks faith in rally coinciding with anniversary of king 's speech <sec> america today begins to turn back to god , conservative talk show host glenn beck tells the crowd .  the `` restoring honor '' rally is unfolding on the same day and place as king 's `` i have a dream '' speech .  critics say the event dishonors the civil rights movement .  the rev . .  al sharpton and other civil rights leaders are marching in a rally just a few miles awa .
 10 more airports tapped for baggage screening upgrades <sec> department of homeland security says stimulus money can be stretched .  dhs identified 10 additional airports to receive in-line baggage screening systems .  updated screening process is more efficient than stand-alone machine .
 commentary : republican strategy of deny , delay and do nothing <sec> paul begala : republicans are adopting strategy of blocking action on economy .  he says they have denied the extent of the problem and delayed action .  begala : some in gop adopt a callous attitude that we should do nothing .  still , he says , some republicans outside washington see the need to ac .
 arrest warrant issued for rapper gucci mane <sec> the man tells police he tried to begin a conversation with the rapper .  the attack leaves the man with a gash , police says .  gucci mane is now wanted for aggravated assaul .
 'baby joseph ' likely to have surgery within days , hospital says <sec> the child has a deteriorating neurological condition .  he 's at an american hospital which expects to perform a tracheotomy .  his canadian doctor and his parents disagreed on his treatment .  the case attracted the attention of pro-life group .
 mother fears 'stinky neighborhood ' caused son 's cancer <sec> `` stinky neighborhood '' in houston is near huge petrochemical complex .  located near the houston ship channel , it has a high rate of leukemia .  its residents are mostly hispanic and mostly poor .  professor says poor bear brunt of environmental burden .
 it 's a girl for british pm cameron and wife <sec> david and samantha cameron announced the birth tuesday .  the girl weighed 6 pounds , 1 ounce .  the baby had been expected in septembe .
 why medicaid expansion is key part of health reform <sec> aaron carroll : it 's not true that medicaid is a universal health care program for all poor people .  carroll : medicaid has a chance to become a full safety net under the affordable care act .  but states are free to say no to the medicaid expansion under the health care law , he says .  carroll : we 'll have to make compromises , but first let 's see if law will be stripped dow .
 shaquille o'neal to receive doctorate degree <sec> shaquille o'neal gets a doctorate in education from a florida university saturday .  he graduates with a 3.81 grade point average .  `` this is for my mother , who always stressed the importance of education , '' he say .
 yahoo launches axis 'search browser ' <sec> yahoo launches axis , a `` search browser '' with a focus on mobile .  axis returns search results as thumbnails of the actual web pages .  yahoo currently has about 16 % of the web search market .  google and microsoft 's bing also are working on innovation .
 real stay in touch with barcelona <sec> real madrid win 3-2 at valencia to remain five points behind spanish leaders barcelona .  substitute defender ezequiel garay heads late winner as all five goals come in second half .  fellow argentine gonzalo higuain twice put real ahead against third-placed valencia .  barcelona win catalan derby against espanyol thanks to controversial penalt .
 'where 's waldo ' ... but for science <sec> online project aims to help protect rhinos and other wildlife in namibia .  players are asked to spot wildlife in digital photos shot by drones .  cnn 's john sutter talks with patrick meier , an organizer .  meier says participating makes him `` feel like a digital indiana jones or sherlock holmes .
 jonathan fleming , wrongfully convicted in n.y. , to sue for $ 162m <sec> jonathan fleming , 52 , files notice of claim for $ 162 million lawsuit against city , police , prosecutors .  fleming was wrongfully convicted in 1989 killing and spent nearly 25 years in prison .  review of fleming 's case supports his alibi that he was in florida when slaying occurred .  fleming , released in april , currently has no permanent home or job , lawyer say .
 elizabeth edwards loses battle with cancer <sec> new : edwards says forgiveness is a difficult topic for her .  she hid the possibility she had cancer from her husband during the 2004 campaign .  she met her future husband while they both studied law at the university of north carolina .  her cancer returned in 200 .
 chelsea handler 's topless photo fight <sec> comedian chelsea handler 's topless photo was pulled from instagram .  handler posed atop a horse like russian president vladimir putin .  some have said the company 's nudity policy is unfair to wome .
 tornado takes 'mrs . bonnie , ' animal lover <sec> bonnie turner ran an 86-acre georgia farm with her husband .  husband , in critical condition , screamed her name during weekend tornado .  she was thrown some 50 feet and died during this weekend 's storm .  bonnie loved animals , providing refuge for dogs , donkeys , goats and horse .
 haitians seek refuge , face uncertainty <sec> 140 haitians have crossed the u.s.-canada border since the haiti earthquake .  some haitians are seeking refuge based on a u.s. policy revised post-quake .  one refugee 's attorney says his client is confused and just wants to be with his famil .
 school shooting : shattering the sense of safety <sec> places that were considered safe are turning into crime scenes .  that friday 's shooting happened in an elementary school was especially hard to take .  the newtown tragedy turned everything upside down , said a psychologist .  some people cope with this kind of tragedy by thinking it ca n't happen to the .
 duchess of cambridge makes last appearance before baby <sec> duchess of cambridge makes last official appearance , due to give birth next month .  kate and prince william have a son , georg .
 study : organic food not more nutritional <sec> new study finds organic foods are not necessarily more nutritious .  the organics market in u.s. to exceed $ 25 billion in sales this year .  organic farming is becoming more popular in countries like indi .
 stimulus money kept americans off the street , study finds <sec> the estimated u.s. homeless population has remained basically flat , researchers say .  but a rise in people sharing housing is `` not a good sign , '' an advocate says .  about $ 1.5 billion in stimulus money helped keep people in homes , she say .
 5 surprising moments from anderson 's talk with madonna <sec> madonna says her new project is one of the biggest things she 's ever done .  her `` art for freedom '' project is inviting the world to share their thoughts on the concept .  the singer has very personal reasons for reaching ou .
 air france plane did not break up in flight - report <sec> air france plane that crashed in june `` did not break up in flight , '' officials say .  airbus a330 was unable to fly on autopilot at the time of the crash .  investigators will search for data recorders until july 10 , investigator says .  plane wreckage believed to be on atlantic seabed , around 4,500 meters dee .
 jury selection drags on in casey anthony case <sec> new : several people are struck as viable jury pool candidates .  new : attorneys and the judge have rejected potential jurors for financial hardship and bias .  opening statements could begin this week .  anthony is accused of killing her daughter and then lying to investigator .
 deep freeze fails to deter pro-west demonstrators in kiev , ukraine <sec> eu foreign policy chief catherine ashton meets with ukraine 's president , opposition .  viktor yanukovych says both police and protesters are to blame for violence .  president says he wants good relations with both russia and europe .  masked men raid opposition party 's headquarters , its leader say .
 how foreign policy hits close to home <sec> foreign policy is the focus of the third and last presidential debate monday night .  safety , security have always been important issues to the american public .  decisions on afghanistan , iran , syria might have a major impact on the military .  china 's policies are having a direct effect on u.s. economy , job .
 no office required : successful at-home startups <sec> at-home startups prove commercial facilities are n't required for success .  outkast , google , microsoft , spanx and other famous names started in homes .  paula deen 's kitchen bag-lunch operation led to her media empir .
 rapper rick ross back at hospital <sec> new : rick ross reportedly suffers a seizure .  new : the event marks his second medical emergency of the day .  a source tells cnn another incident happened aboard a delta flight .  the rapper was alert when rescue workers met him , the source say .
 indian activist tells protesters : 'your revolution has energized me ' <sec> hazare 's youtube video warns he may extend fast another week .  hazare will fast in ramlila maidan , a public ground in new delhi .  indian pm singh says his government acknowledges the right to peaceful protests .  amnesty calls on u.s. president obama to urge singh to allow the protest .
 latinos to protest obama 's immigration policies <sec> actions are expected in 10 u.s. cities .  protesters want an immediate end to the secure communities program .  obama won two-thirds of the hispanic and latino vote in 200 .
 u.s. official : no evidence north korean leader is dead <sec> posts on china 's version of twitter claim kim jong un was assassinated .  a senior u.s. official says intelligence shows no evidence the rumor is true .  kim jong un assumed leadership of the country following his father 's death in decembe .
 penthouse founder bob guccione dies of cancer <sec> penthouse magazine founder bob guccione dies at 79 .  he had fought long battle with cance .
 budget resolution 'a major accomplishment , ' negotiators say <sec> house and senate dems say president obama 's goals addressed in resolution .  democratic leaders urge pay-as-you-go system that obama has emphasized .  senate and house are each expected to vote on the budget resolution this wee .
 venezuela 's chavez heads home after medical tests in cuba <sec> chavez announced in june that he has cancer .  he has undergone treatment in both venezuela and cub .
 congress investigates air leak , possible safety lapses at cdc lab <sec> a february air leak at a high-security cdc lab draws congressional scrutiny .  the cdc says `` at no time '' were workers or the public in danger .  a house panel wants to know whether there are `` additional concerns or incidents .
 ivf 'co-pioneer ' robert edwards dead at 87 <sec> robert edwards helped develop the ivf technique .  the world 's first `` test-tube baby '' was born as a result of his work .  an estimated 5 million babies have been born thanks to iv .
 west indies suffer cricket world cup shock <sec> ireland pull-off a memorable four-victory against west indies in their world cup opener .  the irish have a history of shock results in their brief history in the tournament .  west indies , meanwhile , are a series in disarray after a series of row .
 nokia siemens says it did n't help iranian government spy <sec> iranian accuses the telecom company of helping the iran government spy .  nokia siemens says the suit is filed against the wrong party , on the wrong premise .  company says it halted all work related to monitoring centers in iran in 200 .
 u.n. withdrawing staff from scene of unrest in western myanmar <sec> new : authorities threaten to censor reporting by non-government media .  violence in western myanmar has killed at least 17 people in recent days .  a state of emergency has been declared after clashes between muslims and buddhists .  `` anarchic actions are becoming widespread , '' says president thein sei .
 are your politics rooted in your genes ? <sec> political scientists study whether some political identity is rooted in dna .  theory : political leanings related to the way individuals process information .  one study found differing brain activity as liberals , conservatives processed info .  no democrat or republican gene ; environment a huge facto .
 trial date set for alabama man accused of killing wife on honeymoon <sec> david gabriel `` gabe '' watson faces murder and kidnapping charges .  his then-wife , tina , died in 2003 while the two were diving near the great barrier reef .  watson 's attorneys have said alabama authorities `` manipulated a grand jury .
 it 's ok to watch world cup while the world burns <sec> frida ghitis : is it ok to watch world cup games while the world is in strife ? .  she says people everywhere take a break to bask in the emotion of the games .  there 's a long history of sport being a harmless way to express rivalries , she says .  ghitis : it 's just a game , but the emotions are rea .
 argentine court allows abortions in rape cases <sec> abortion is illegal in argentina .  the supreme court ruled that it is permitted in cases of rape .  the ruling clarifies an 80-year-old statut .
 al qaeda group said to claim jakarta hotel bombings <sec> group claiming to be `` al qaeda in indonesia '' purportedly claims responsibility .  bombs at two jakarta hotels killed nine people , including two presumed bombers .  `` american lackeys and stooges '' were targets , statement say .
 golden gabby : how a mother 's love drove olympic champion <sec> gabby douglas was a double olympic gold medalist at london 2012 .  hails her mother and former olympian dominique dawes as inspiration .  the 17-year-old says she has grown to cope with celebrity lifestyle .  american wants to use her profile to inspire the next generation of star .
 gop lawmakers offer 'practical ' health care reform plan <sec> rep. mark kirk says gop proposal would be far cheaper than senate plan .  plan keeps government out of `` decisions made by you and your doctor , '' kirk said .  preliminary review of senate plan finds it would cost about $ 1 trillion over 10 years .  robert gibbs says bill still being drafted ; `` has many twists and turns to go .
 pacific northwest wildfires char a million acres <sec> wildfires cover 942,247 acres in the pacific northwest on sunday .  the 21 large fires are the most the region has seen at one time , an official says .  health officials in washington and idaho warning smoke creates unhealthy ai .
 cnn student news - december 12 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call . .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 pilot said 'this is fun ' before fatal blackwater crash <sec> pilots took dangerous run through canyon , according to testimony .  account heard in hearing on blackwater 's performance in iraq , afghanistan .  waxman : '' it 's more than pilot error . .  there ought to be corporate responsibility '' .  plane crashed in november 2004 , killing all six on boar .
 suze orman : 'thank god , they bailed out aig ' <sec> suze orman : it 's good that federal government stepped in to save aig .  nation 's economic woes stem from total irresponsibility , orman says .  orman says it 's not a good time to enter stock market .  orman warns other financial institutions could go unde .
 'miracle material ' chips away at silicon dominance <sec> new research at uk university demonstrates how graphene-based computer chip might look .  `` miracle material '' discovered at manchester university in 2004 .  russian physicists who discovered graphene awarded nobel physics prize in 2010 .  strongest , most conductive material in the world will revolutionize a range of products , scientists sa .
 barney frank not seeking re-election in 2012 <sec> frank says his new district boundaries contributed to his decision to retire .  frank , a democrat , was first elected to the house from massachusetts in 1980 .  a prominent liberal , he co-authored the dodd-frank financial reform bill .  frank , an openly gay member of congress , was reprimanded by the house in 199 .
 what if there were no minimum wage ? <sec> bob greene asks : what would life in u.s. be like if there were no minimum wage .  for most of u.s. history , there was no minimum wage ; it started in 1938 under fdr .  obama wants to raise it . .  others , like speaker boehner , oppose it as costly to business .  greene : with minimum wage nation tells workers : what you do has value worth protectin .
 talks planned as hong kong protest numbers shrink <sec> student protest leaders and hong kong 's chief secretary will meet friday , official says .  anti-occupy protesters and student demonstrators face off in the admiralty area .  numbers have dwindled at pro-democracy protest sites around hong kong .  `` at first , i supported them , but then i started to think they are being selfish , '' one woman say .
 u.s. capitol evacuated after small plane enters airspace <sec> norad jets escort the plane to airport in mount airy , north carolina .  u.s. capitol , the library of congress and the supreme court evacuated , police said .  the evacuation was ordered after authorities were unable to immediately contact the pilot .  the faa is looking into why the pilot entered restricted airspace without authorizatio .
 u.s. announces new airport security measures <sec> new : policy of extra scrutiny for those from 14 mostly muslim countries dropped .  new rules to deal with `` real-time , threat-based intelligence , '' homeland security chief says .  air security measures will replace ones added after failed christmas day attac .
 will europe 's new 'fiscal compact ' work ? <sec> daniel gros is the director of the centre for european policy studies in brussels .  advised committee which developed original plans for the economic and monetary union .  if members adhere to deficit limits , new pact signals 'fundamental change ' .  test could soon come if ratings agencies follow through on credit warning .
 ukraine protests : 5 things you need to know <sec> ukraine protests are the country 's largest in nine years .  the country finds itself split between closer ties with the eu and cooperating more with russia .  the country is heavily dependent on russian gas , especially during its bitter winters .  russia says the situation in ukraine is a `` domestic issue .
 iconic yahoo billboard coming down after 12 years <sec> a famous yahoo billboard in san francisco may come down by next month .  the retro-themed billboard was erected in 1999 during the dot-com boo .
