 midwest hit hard by extreme winds , flash floods <sec> new : storm prompts evacuation of 36 residents from assisted-living facility .  new : authorities assessing damage , with thunderstorms still likely in illinois .  new : weather contributes to nearly two-hour delays at chicago 's o'hare airport .  at least 3 children are injured when a bus rolls over near rockford , illinoi .
 from my home to the house : how to fix the fiscal cliff <sec> congress and president obama have until december 31 to come to avert the fiscal cliff .  ireporters say congress can learn a thing or two about budgeting the country 's finances .  one possible projected consequence of the fiscal cliff is rising taxes for many americans .  some ireporters urge congress to work with only the money it has , stop borrowing mone .
 opinion : will venezuela abandon chavismo ? <sec> david frum says recent protests highlight weakness of venezuela regime .  he says nicolas maduro does n't possess the charisma of hugo chavez .  frum : venezuela 's economy is struggling ; regime wo n't find it easy to buy suppor .
 tribunal rules , but mexican presidential candidate refuses to concede <sec> new : mexico 's electoral tribunal declares enrique pena nieto as president-elect .  new : he is expected to take office on december 1 .  andres manuel lopez obrador says he will not accept the ruling .  he calls for a demonstration in mexico city 's main squar .
 5 ways microsoft 's surface may be better than an ipad <sec> from early showing , microsoft 's surface tablet could be superior to the ipad in some ways .  a built-in keyboard and trackpad will make surface easier for some to use .  it has usb ports , making printing and external storage simpler .  no price or release date has been announced for the surface , unveiled monda .
 new rules in uruguay create a legal marijuana market <sec> uruguay is the first country to regulate legal production , sale and consumption of marijuana .  new rules legalizing the marijuana market take effect tuesday .  president jose mujica backed the law and says it will harm drug traffickers .  the law does n't give foreigners the right to smoke or even buy the dru .
 pakistan mulling when to deport bin laden family members <sec> the detention of the widows and daughters of osama bin laden has ended .  a pakistani judge ordered that they be deported once they had served the sentence .  pakistan says it is waiting for responses from yemen and saudi arabia .  the yemeni authorities say pakistan is `` stalling .
 car rental companies offer status symbols by the day <sec> car rental companies are increasingly offering high-end vehicles .  these rentals are often used for impressing someone else .  the luxury cars for rent include ferraris , lamborghinis and bentleys .  high-end vehicles often come with added perks like chauffeur service .
 madeleine mccann 's mother says she felt violated by murdoch paper <sec> new : kate mccann says a tabloid showed no respect for her `` as a mother or human '' .  new : james murdoch resigns from the boards of some news corp. subsidiaries .  british government-backed inquiry was set up in response to revelations of phone hacking .  attention focuses on murdoch papers , but hugh grant accuses another paper of hackin .
 paul oliver 's suicide is latest in a string among former nfl players <sec> high school coach says everyone is stunned by paul oliver 's suicide .  the university of georgia coach vows to `` do whatever we can to help '' paul oliver 's family .  oliver leaves behind a wife and two children .  suicides of some other nfl players have involved brain injurie .
 why is isis so successful at luring westerners ? <sec> isis has a penchant for producing slick videos that resemble trailers for hollywood action movies .  analyst : many recruits lack a sense of belonging ; some want a lavish afterlife by dying as a `` martyr '' .  hundreds from the uk , canada , france and the u.s. are suspected of going to join isi .
 isner triumphs again in rematch of wimbledon marathon <sec> john isner and nicolas mahut clash again in repeat of longest match in tennis history .  american wins again , this time in nine fewer hours in first-round match .  the 26-year-old triumphs 7-6 ( 7-4 ) 6-2 7-6 ( 8-6 ) before daylight fades .  he earns a second-round meeting with spanish 16th seed nicolas almagr .
 arkansas tv anchor dies days after attack <sec> katv morning anchor anne pressly was 26 .  she was severely beaten in her little rock , arkansas , home monday .  police said she was attacked during burglary .  her father suspects she may have been targete .
 opinion : a decade of action needed to end human trafficking <sec> millions of people fall victim to human trafficking , says yury fedotov .  the world has made progress in reducing this profitable crime , he says .  fedotov : many countries have passed legislation against trafficking .  he says improvements coming too slowly ; a decade of action is neede .
 driver : my prius took me for a ride <sec> `` i pushed the gas pedal ... and it just stuck there , '' said jim sikes .  sikes had to get help from the california highway patrol to stop his car .  a toyota spokesman said the automaker had been notified of the inciden .
 teen years risky for kids with seizure disorder , expert says <sec> seizures in teenagers can be caused by dozens of disorders , genetics .  seizure said to have caused the death of jett travolta , 16 .  family has linked seizures to kawasaki disease ; experts say it 's unlikel .
 the tea partiers are half right <sec> amitai etzioni : tea party correct that government not responsive to majority .  he says they are right to be disgusted by washington deals that grant special favors .  he says tea party movement is wrong about the solution .  gutting government is not the answer ; getting it on the right track is , says etzion .
 biya declares candidacy for october elections <sec> president paul biya has been in power since 1982 .  dozens of candidates are registered for the election .  the opposition has criticized the country 's election board for alleged cronyis .
 fast-food chains adapt to local tastes <sec> u.s. food chains adjust menus to local tastes in restaurants overseas .  asia is the fastest-growing market for american fast food .  in india , kfc serves a chickpea burger with thousand island dressing .  in japan , mcdonald 's offers a teriyaki mcburger with seaweed shaker frie .
 officials challenge mayor 's account of christie administration tactics <sec> new : hoboken mayor dawn zimmer provides letters she believes backs up her case .  new : `` it was a progression of pressure , '' she tells cnn 's `` anderson cooper 360 '' .  new jersey lt. gov . .  kim guadagno says accusations by hoboken mayor are `` illogical '' .  gov . .  chris christie 's office played politics with sandy funds , zimmer say .
 judge orders ex-edwards aide to turn over sex tape <sec> new : senator 's former aide has until 2 p.m. to turn over video .  andrew young claims he has tape of edwards having sex with pregnant woman .  edwards admitted fathering a child with mistress , has separated from wife elizabet .
 to pick a pope , learn lessons from business world <sec> brian frawley : cardinals choosing new pope could learn from business world .  he says organizations sometimes elevate people in no . .  2 positions to top spot .  frawley : choosing benedict , who served his predecessor well , turned out to be a mistake .  frawley : a leader must master strategy , communications , administration , other skill .
 justices appear hesitant as they hear arguments over same-sex marriage <sec> california 's ag says she did n't defend proposition 8 because it 's unconstitutional .  the supreme court heard 80 minutes of arguments on california 's same-sex ban .  justices seemed reluctant to embrace sweeping same-sex marriage right , analyst says .  on wednesday , justices hear arguments on the federal defense of marriage ac .
 age , not a knife , changed ali lohan 's face , her publicist says <sec> publicist : lindsay lohan 's sister `` has never had any type of plastic surgery in her life '' .  apparent changes in her face raised questions online .  a normal growth spurt `` changed the composure of her face , '' the publicist say .
 rep. grimm pleads guilty but wo n't resign from congress - cnnpolitics.com <sec> new york rep. michael grimm pled guilty to tax evasion but said he would remain in congress .  prosecutors asked a judge to give the lawmaker between 24 and 30 months of jail time .  there is no rule against felons serving in congress , but little precedent for it eithe .
 court throws out new air pollution rules <sec> the regulations sought to limit contaminants released by `` upwind states '' .  a u.s. appeals court panel said the epa exceeded its authority .  federal officials will rewrite the regulation .
 eileen brennan , who starred in 'private benjamin , ' dies <sec> eileen brennan , who earned an oscar nod for `` private benjamin , '' is dead at 80 .  brennan was known as brassy character actress .  she appeared in `` the sting , '' `` clue '' and many tv serie .
 cnn student news transcript : december 6 , 2010 <sec> find out why president obama 's trip to afghanistan did n't go as planned .  hear how tariffs would be affected by a u.s.-south korea trade agreement .  consider how a social experiment challenges one school district to unplug .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 golf greats compete to design 2016 olympic course <sec> jack nicklaus , greg norman , gary player among eight finalists to design olympic course .  rio olympic organizers scheduled to award design contract friday .  golf returns for 2016 games , was last played in 1904 .  competition will be for male and female competitor .
 stylish digs along the oregon coast <sec> a handful of fashionable hotels have opened along oregon 's northern coast .  the cannery pier hotel in astoria sits on a pier in the columbia river .  ocean point inn & spa in arch cape is housed in a renovated beach hous .
 mcmorris : a broken va is abandoning our veterans <sec> rep. cathy mcmorris rodgers says the dysfunction in the va is unacceptable and inexcusable .  she tells the story of two brothers who failed to get adequate treatment after service .  nearly 30 % of veterans return from war with some kind of service-related disability .  she supports a bill to allow veterans to seek outside care from private practitioner .
 opinion : why healthcare.gov has so many problems <sec> the new insurance exchange site , healthcare.gov , has technical problems .  steven bellovin : large-scale software projects are hard ; glitches are common .  he says testing for errors and changing requirements contribute to delays or failures .  bellovin : good project management is a remarkably large part of the effor .
 brett butler books next tv gig on cbs soap <sec> brett butler will a neighbor in an upcoming episode of `` the young and the restless '' .  butler is the former star of the abc comedy `` grace under fire '' .  she wrapped production may 1 on `` anger management .
 mexico earthquake alarm could save thousands <sec> grillo is a device that aims to bring a low-cost earthquake warning system to the masses in mexico .  a number of major fault lines are situated along mexico 's pacific coast .  some say a widespread program of public education is required so people know what to do when seismic activity occur .
 north korea dubs kim jong un 'supreme commander ' <sec> an editorial calls for the son of the late kim jong il to lead the country `` to eternal victory '' .  the title could point to son 's `` imminent rise '' as head of the military .  kim jong il died one week ago ; the country is in a transition perio .
 oktoberfest : 200 years of downing beer <sec> the annual festival of beer takes place in munich , germany .  it began as a marriage celebration for crown prince ludwig .  organizers : around 6 million liters of beer will be consumed this yea .
 flight 1549 's missing engine pulled from hudson river <sec> missing engine recovered from hudson , hauled to new jersey riverbank .  video shows at least two passengers jump off plane 's wings into chilly hudson river .  single feather and evidence of `` soft-body impact damage '' found on plane .  us airways flight crash-landed in river after reportedly hitting flock of bird .
 did ocean device capture flight mh370 's end ? <sec> an australian university is studying underwater listening devices to help find the jet .  early in the search , the u.n. said it had not detected any explosions or crashes from its sensors .  `` it 's not certain if there was an impact we would detect it , '' says seismic acoustic analyst .  an re-examination of data relating to air france 447 could not detect crash signals from under wate .
 pushcart classes help break gang chain <sec> efren peñaflorida was bullied by gangs in high school in the philippines .  now his dynamic teen company offers an alternative to gangs through education .  since 1997 , some 10,000 members have taught more than 1,500 children in slums .  vote now for the cnn hero of the year at cnn.com/heroe .
 attorneys : sandusky 's adopted son says he 's also a victim <sec> jurors deliberate until 9:30 p.m . .  et ; they 'll reconvene friday morning .  adopted son of jerry sandusky says he was prepared to testify .  three more criminal counts have been dropped against jerry sandusky .  at least 6 accusers spent the night in the sandusky home , his wife testifie .
 turkey purges police force <sec> new : news agency says officers removed in ankara and at least nine other turkish cities .  most of the purged police `` were appointed to the traffic unit , '' state broadcaster reports .  the mass reassignments come amid reports of new police raids in a corruption case .  firings , reassignments began after police detained dozens in anti-corruption case last mont .
 day after clashes , bangladesh capital eerily calm <sec> national news agency bss puts the count at 14 dead .  among them are three police officers , a paramilitary trooper and a 12-year-old boy .  police declare no rallies can take place all day monday in dhaka .  in narayanganj , a city near the capital , islamists torch vehicles and fight polic .
 pakistani airstrikes kill at least 21 militants <sec> one strike kills 10 and another kills 11 in remote villages in north waziristan .  strikes target militant hideouts in volatile tribal area .  militants targeted were members of the pakistan taliban , sources sa .
 house dems : panetta testified cia has misled congress repeatedly <sec> letter from 7 house democrats to cia director leon panetta posted on web site .  in letter , they say panetta testified cia repeatedly misled congress since 2001 .  earlier , rep. nancy pelosi had said cia misled her ; panetta rebutted statement .  cia spokesman : panetta stands by rebuttal statement involving pelos .
 hands-on with the new playstation vita <sec> sony 's playstation vita gaming device hits u.s. stores wednesday .  vita allows for eight different applications to run simultaneously .  the front has a touchscreen and two analog joysticks , a first for a portable gaming device .  our verdict : vita is a promising device whose success will depend on quality of its game .
 $ 23 million bond set for teacher accused of 'bondage ' photos of kids <sec> new : a public defender represents mark berndt , a 30-year teaching vet .  the chilling accusations are a stunning betrayal for many parents .  officials : the children were told they were playing a game .  about 10 kids seen in the more than 400 images have yet to be identifie .
 feds : alex rodriguez paid cousin $ 900k to keep quiet <sec> alex rodriguez paid his cousin $ 900,000 in return for his silence , prosecutors say .  the cousin 's lawyer says money was a settlement for a breached employment agreement .  court papers link the cousin to a clinic at the center of baseball 's doping scandal .  the cousin introduced rodriguez to the founder of the clinic , the documents sa .
 canadian doctor charged in alleged ped scheme <sec> four drug-related charges brought against canadian sports dr. anthony galea .  charges relate to use of actovegin , a potentially performance-enhancing drug .  galea has treated several athletes , including golfer tiger wood .
 nigerian leader rescinds ban on national soccer team <sec> ban on nigeria 's national football team is rescinded by african country 's president .  world governing body fifa had given nigeria a monday deadline to overturn decision .  president goodluck jonathan had banned all nigerian national teams for two years .  he was furious after super eagles ' poor showing at the world cup in south afric .
 syria 's presidential election : how fair can a vote be in a war zone ? <sec> president bashar al-assad widely expected to be returned to power in tuesday election .  west and syrian rebels say large swathes of war-torn country wo n't be able to vote .  nearly 3 million have fled syria ; another 6.5 million have been internally displaced by war .  opposition presidential candidate says election only valid if at least 50 percent of country vote .
 facebook 's mark zuckerberg prefers underdogs <sec> facebook ceo mark zuckerberg favors `` underdogs '' and entrepreneurs .  apple and google have struggled to make apps that work well with facebook .  small companies can freely build apps that work with faceboo .
 blackberry : 'we 've now restored full services ' <sec> new : blackberry says service has been fully restored globally .  customers say the outage has disrupted business and personal lives .  backup systems did not perform as expected , an executive says .  millions of people around the world were unable to send , receive message .
 mancini anticipates aguero swoop as tevez talks continue <sec> roberto mancini has suggested manchester city could move for striker sergio aguero .  but mancini said any move for the 23-year-old could depend on carlos tevez .  tevez is currently the subject of negotiations between city and corinthians .  goalkeeper shay given has completed his move to aston villa on a five-year dea .
 bp says no decisions have been made on changing management <sec> bp says despite media speculation , no decisions have been made about ceo .  the company 's board is scheduled to meet monday night .  hayward has been in the crosshairs of criticism since the beginning of the gulf oil gusher .  congressman says the gulf will spend years recovering from hayward 's `` failed leadership .
 jeanne cooper , 'young and the restless ' matriarch , dead <sec> jeanne cooper played katherine chancellor on `` young and the restless '' .  cooper played role for 39 years .  actress is mother of actor corbin bernsen .  `` she was in peace and without fear , '' bernsen tweete .
 falklands oil disappointment for uk company <sec> desire : `` oil may be present in thin intervals but reservoir quality is poor '' .  argentina and uk at odds over ownership of south atlantic islands .  falklands government says it has `` every right '' to develop hydrocarbons industr .
 gunmen kill 15 in mexican bar , prosecutors say <sec> prosecutors said at least 10 gunmen stormed the chihuahua bar friday night .  among the dead were two journalists .  the gunmen were dressed in police uniforms , state prosecutors sai .
 opinion : the 'stupid party , ' revisited <sec> bobby jindal once warned the gop to stop being the `` stupid party '' .  he says democrats now need to heed that advice .  he points to changes in the rollout of obamacare and delays in the individual mandate .  he argues the obama administration thinks americans are `` delusional '' or `` dimwits .
 india swaps ice for rice in new bucket challenge <sec> # icebucketchallenge morphs into # ricebucketchallenge in india .  viral campaign has seen donations for als exceed $ 70 million .  journalist is urging indians to give rice instead of wasting water .  original challenge sees participants douse themselves in icy wate .
 review : 'i am legend ' a taut thriller <sec> three years after a medical breakthrough , something is wrong in new york .  will smith is cool and unflappable as he takes on flesh-eating mutants .  version of richard matheson 's sci-fi novel flags at the end but mostly goo .
 u.s. to let tech companies release more surveillance data <sec> issue involves u.s. surveillance requests for customer data ; controversy arose from snowden leaks .  microsoft , google , yahoo , facebook and linked-in sued the government .  they want to show their customers how many requests come in for information .  government and companies reach an agreement to resolve difference .
 spain edge past stubborn italy to create dream final with hosts brazil <sec> spain beat italy 7-6 on penalties after semifinal ends goalless after 120 minutes .  world cup winners will now meet hosts brazil in sunday 's confederations cup final .  italy have chance to seal third place against uruguay on sunda .
 davis cup : roger federer and stanislas wawrinka crash to doubles defeat <sec> switzerland 2-1 down ahead of reverse singles in davis cup quarterfinal at home to kazakhstan .  andrey golubev and kazakh debutant aleksandr nedovyesov win saturday 's doubles rubber .  winner of the tie in geneva will play great britain or italy in the semifinals .  defending champion czech republic progresses with 3-0 win in japa .
 earth , wind and water : ethiopia bids to be africa 's powerhouse <sec> ethiopia is launching numerous renewable energy projects .  ashegoda wind farm will be one of continent 's biggest .  grand renaissance dam could generate 6,000 mw of electricity .  ethiopia plans to export energy to neighboring countrie .
