 visitation , service set for second ohio school shooting victim <sec> demetrius c. hewlin is one of three killed in an ohio school shooting .  a visitation is scheduled for monday afternoon at a chardon funeral home .  a funeral service is scheduled for tuesday .  accused school shooter t.j. lane heads back to court tuesda .
 macklemore 'pops some trash ' on sesame street <sec> macklemore raps with oscar the grouch on sesame street .  the song about trash is a spoof on his grammy-winning hit `` thrift shop .
 arraignment for 8 current , former bell , california officials postponed <sec> new : bail reduced for three defendants .  arraignment delayed until late october .  high salaries in bell sparked outrage in july .  defense attorney says case is about politic .
 prom photos 'a snapshot of who we were ' <sec> this prom season , expect dresses , limos , dinners -- and , like always , photos . .  photographer mary ellen mark 's new book , `` prom , '' includes images from proms around u.s . .  ireporters share stories of finding true love in their prom date .
 police : man ran down 'too westernized ' daughter <sec> police : man struck daughter , her friend with vehicle on tuesday in arizona .  man thought daughter , 20 , was n't living according to family 's iraqi values , police say .  woman has life-threatening injuries , police say .  police seek faleh hassan almaleki , 4 .
 7 reasons eric cantor lost <sec> not long ago , cantor was seen as the tea party voice within house leadership .  to some , cantor embodied the arrogance of power .  cantor gets blamed for being in washington on election day , not in his district .  dave brat made up for the fund-raising shortfall by rallying his staunchest supporter .
 man charged with killing california teen pleads not guilty <sec> john albert gardner iii accused of raping , killing teen who disappeared last week .  police : remains found in park tuesday believed to be those of the teen , chelsea king .  king , 17 , was last seen at school ; her car , with cell phone inside , was found at park .  gardner is a registered sex offender , authorities sa .
 israel 's foreign minister resigns amid charges <sec> new : avigdor liberman hints that if charges are settled he may return to political arena .  liberman is to be charged with breach of trust and fraud ; he denies wrongdoing .  his party , yisrael beiteinu , is the second biggest in the governing coalition in israel .  israel is due to hold elections on january 2 .
 massive transplant effort pairs 13 kidneys to 13 patients <sec> new : renee patterson met her donor , leslie wolfe , on monday .  patterson joined program that connects patients with willing donors .  patterson 's friend donated kidney to compatible recipient ; she got stranger 's kidney .  11 of 13 people in the huge kidney criss-cross were minoritie .
 tourism vision turns toxic in california 's imperial valley <sec> a vision of luxury in the 1950s , southern california `` riviera '' is now a `` fetid bouillabaisse '' .  developers did n't foresee pollution that has killed millions of fish in the salton sea .  squatters , toxic debris and `` apocalyptic '' landscape are all that remain toda .
 india 's slum children raise their voices through music <sec> faith gonsalves , 26 , founded a music and arts program for underprivileged children in delhi .  gonsalves : music is a powerful tool for children 's development ; raises awareness of poverty .  delhi 's formal education system has gaps when it comes to music and arts , she says .  in six years , at least 600 children and 200 musicians have participated in the progra .
 england flooding kills 1 , more rain on way <sec> new : more rain , flooding forecast for sunday .  flood alerts posted across england and wales after days of rain .  a falling tree kills a woman in southwestern england .  cameron pledges help for the stricken regio .
 ebola outbreak : get up to speed <sec> new : texas health worker reports fever friday , preliminary positive test for ebola on saturday .  airport screenings started saturday at jfk airport in new york .  spokesman : us airways followed cdc guidelines after health scare on dominican flight .  hotel closed in macedonia after sudden death , ministry say .
 champion jockey dettori remorseful after accepting drug ban <sec> french racing authority bans frankie dettori for six months over positive drug test .  jockey accepts the decision and vows to rebuild his reputation when he returns .  father of five regrets having let down his family and fans , dettori 's lawyer says .  he will have to undergo further testing before he can start racing again in ma .
 family receives wrong body after mother 's death on caribbean vacation <sec> margaret porkka , 82 , died during a family vacation in st. maarten .  her daughter , lisa kondvar , arranged to have her body transferred to new jersey .  at the wake , the family discovered the wrong body had been sent .  kondvar is now seeking answers about what happened to her mother 's remain .
 djokovic defeats troicki in all-serbian clash ; del potro survives scare <sec> world no . .  1 novak djokovic into the second round of the dubai tennis championships .  djokovic defeats fellow serbian victor troicki 6-1 6-4 in just over an hour .  the 25-year-old won three consecutive titles in dubai between 2009 and 2011 .  juan martin del potro saves three match points in victory over marcos baghdati .
 the story behind carter 's north korean trip <sec> carter likely to repeat his 1994 tactic : give the north korean leader respect .  a carter trip to pyongyang has been in the works for weeks , professor says .  restarting talks with the united states is north korea 's top goal , he say .
 which celeb should be the mystery gop convention speaker ? <sec> the latest rnc schedule notes that the convention will hear remarks from someone .  a single unnamed source reportedly said clint eastwood is the surprise guest .  the success of any tightly scripted , live event is measured in ratings , ticket sales and buz .
 norway 's thor hushovd claims world road race crown <sec> norway 's thor hushovd wins men 's world road race title in melbourne .  hushovd wins bunch sprint at end of thrilling 262.7km race .  alberto contador says he is `` very optimistic '' he will be cleared in doping scanda .
 specter faces hostile audience at health care forum <sec> sen. arlen specter of pennsylvania addresses raucous crowd 's concerns .  one man storms out after he says he failed to obtain card allowing him to speak .  senator angered by `` vicious , untrue rumor '' that sick seniors will be `` written off .
 climate talks bog down in rich-poor split <sec> `` science is telling us we need to do more , '' ban ki-moon tells climate conference .  warsaw conference split between developed and developing nations .  developing nations want more support for adapting to a warming worl .
 storms snarl traffic , batter midwest and northeast <sec> new : at least six dead from weather-related incidents , including two children .  new : national weather service says mobile tornado was an ef2 .  airports , drivers see lengthy delays as snow , wind affect northeast .  little rock digs out from a christmas record snowfal .
 voting closes on facebook policy changes , only 299 million votes short <sec> an open vote on facebook policy changes closes after a week .  it received only .2 % of 300 million votes needed for results to be binding .  facebook must now decide whether it will go ahead with the updates .  proposed changes include doing away with the voting system , changing how data is share .
 snoop dogg fined for pot in norway <sec> snoop dogg pays 12,000 kroner ( nearly $ 2,000 ) for carrying 8 grams of marijuana .  rapper also paid a fine for having more cash than allowed without it being declared .  he is in norway to perform thursday night at the hove festiva .
 egypt declares el-sisi winner of presidential election <sec> obama plans to speak with el-sisi `` to advance our strategic partnership '' .  election commission : ex-military chief abdel fattah el-sisi wins with 96 % of the vote .  his opponent 's campaign says its representatives were attacked and detained .  opponent : `` the announced results are an insult to the intelligence of the egyptians .
 boston buried in snow ; new storm for northeast <sec> `` mother nature makes the rules , '' says massachusetts gov . .  charlie baker .  boston logan airport is open , but most flights have been canceled .  schools will close monday and tuesday in some areas , including bosto .
 opinion : is ryan wooing hispanics for 2016 ? <sec> ruben navarrette : in chicago visit , rep. paul ryan speaks in favor of immigration reform .  he says many in gop oppose senate bill ; latinos know ryan has record of backing reform .  is chicago trip kickoff of 2016 hispanic outreach efforts ? .  it could help , if he follows up , he says .  navarrette : rubio , bush others likely to do same . .  in latino outreach , little things mean a lo .
 new reasons to love the old south <sec> the trip through nashville and florence is lined with one-of-a-kind american treasures .  the creative heritage of the old south is alive and thriving in tennessee and alabama .  evocative products like denim and peaches reach couturish heights in the modern sout .
 28 killed as ferry sinks in bangladesh <sec> overcrowded ferry capsizes in bangladesh , killing at least 28 people .  boat had capacity of 1,500 , but was overcrowded with about 2,000 people .  they were traveling from capital dhaka to their homes in bhola for muslim festival of eid al-adh .
 bryan brothers complete golden slam <sec> record-breaking brothers win third wimbledon doubles title to capture golden slam .  brothers now hold all four major doubles titles and the olympic title .  four-set win over 12th seeds dodig and melo is 91st tour victory of careers .  su-wei hsieh and shuai peng win women 's doubles titl .
 'anonymous ' claims about shakespeare ignore history <sec> new film 'anonymous ' claims shakespeare did not write works attributed to him .  wells : claims shakespeare was a fraud fly in the face of historical evidence .  classes questioning authenticity of shakespeare now taught at universit .
 'farewell , discovery ' as shuttle ends its final mission <sec> new : the shuttle landed just before noon et .  discovery 's first launch was august 30 , 1984 .  discovery has logged more than 148 million miles in orbi .
 today , we are all american sikhs <sec> valarie kaur 's sikh grandfather faced discrimination when he came to u.s. 100 years ago .  sikhs could not be citizens then , she says , and have struggled to live as free americans .  kaur : turban shows commitment to god and service but marks sikhs for hate crimes .  kaur : americans are not ignoring violence against sikhs and are rallying in suppor .
 video shows man shot by police in new jersey <sec> a new jersey police officer shoots and kills a passenger in a car .  the car had been pulled over for allegedly running a stop sign .  two officers are on leave after firing on the man , who got out of the car with his hands in front of hi .
 park ji-sung makes history <sec> ji-sung park could become the first south korean to play in the final .  park was dropped from the entire squad for last year 's final .  manchester united will travel to seoul for close-season tour .  park moved to united from dutch side psv eindhove .
 12 deaths reported in syria as government promises democracy <sec> opposition group reports 12 deaths wednesday in various syrian cities .  one man died under torture , an opposition group says .  the syrian government says 14 people were `` martyred '' by `` armed terrorist groups '' .  u.n. security council members are circulating a draft resolution calling for sanction .
 revolt : the kindergartners take over the interview ! <sec> kindergarten is a major milestone for any girl or boy .  we tried to interview six kids about to enter kindergarten .  the interview turned out to be harder than questioning a head of stat .
 new rankings : world 's best cruises <sec> bargain prices mean now is best time to take a cruise vacation , says u.s. news & world report .  crystal cruise 's `` symphony '' takes top spot for best luxury cruise ship rankings .  singles should book silversea 's `` silver spirit .
 china detains monk over tibetan immolations <sec> chinese police detain ethnic tibetan monk and his nephew .  accuses pair of goading people into setting themselves on fire .  police say they acted on the instructions of dalai lama and his followers .  self-immolations over chinese treatment of tibetans increasing in frequenc .
 car bomb explodes outside french embassy in tripoli <sec> libyan deputy prime minister : the french ambassador said he will not leave tripoli .  two french security guards and a 13-year-old girl are injured .  the car bomb destroys the front wall of the embassy and shatters windows nearby .  the attack comes 7 months after four americans were killed at a consulate in benghaz .
 georgia law allows guns in some schools , bars , churches <sec> pastor says he will not allow guns in atlanta church , blasts politicians behind bill .  hundreds attended deal 's signing ceremony , some openly carrying handguns .  law will allow georgians to carry guns into some bars , churches and government buildings .  critics say law takes state `` out of mainstream , '' while proponents call it `` meaningful .
 seinfeld : carlin was 'the total package ' <sec> jerry seinfeld : george carlin `` one of the mount rushmore guys '' in comedy .  lewis black recalls carlin phoning him out of the blue to pick him up .  famed comedian dies of heart failure at age 7 .
 rebekah brooks formally charged in uk eavesdropping scandal <sec> rebekah brooks is charged on 3 offenses at a london police station , police say .  she posts bail and is scheduled to next appear in court on september 3 .  brooks is a former editor of the news of the world and ceo of news international .  she is one of several former news corp. employees facing charges in the cas .
 outgoing mississippi governor pardons four killers <sec> new : david gatlin , joseph ozment , charles hooker and anthony mccray are released .  new : all were serving life sentences in murder cases .  the four served as trusties at the governor 's mansion during haley barbour 's term .  families of the victims express outrage at the pardon .
 michelle obama and beyonce : bffs <sec> first lady michelle obama and singer beyonce are friends .  beyonce may appear at obama 's 50th birthday party .  not everyone is happy about their relationshi .
 sweden ready to 'use anything ' to expose mystery sub <sec> helicopters , battleships and minesweepers hunt for vessel .  emergency radio call picked up by swedish military , report says .  radio transmissions sent to russian enclave on baltic sea , report says .  russia denies any vessel in swedish water .
 french boat bound for gaza 'stuck ' in greece , organizers say <sec> the dignite al karama is trying to break israel 's blockade of gaza .  the greeks say it will not be given permission to go to gaza .  israel says its control of gaza 's borders is to keep weapons out of the hands of palestinian militant .
 mastering the mental game <sec> sports psychologist dr morris pickens has coached the last two major winners .  stewart cink , lucas glover and zach johnson have all benefited from his skills .  pickens : `` for tiger , mental strength has always been part of his game .
 the fate of four gm brands <sec> with gm facing economic troubles , some car owners may be worried .  hummers will continue under warranty , parts available at other dealers .  saab is reorganizing to become a separate , independent business entity .  sources at gm officially state that pontiac is secur .
 panasonic tv delivers impressive picture <sec> as a 32-inch lcd tv , the panasonic tc-32lx85 is a good overall performer .  it 's one of the better models at its size in the entry-level , 720p-resolution category .  model delivers surprisingly impressive hd picture quality for a small-screen lcd .  but standard-def images look softer than norma .
 african women look within for change <sec> gbowee : international groups , governments `` have failed the women of this world '' .  gbowee led liberian women to confront then-president taylor to reach peace deal .  kidjo : women have real power but must learn to use it .  u.n. secretary-general announces members of guinea probe commissio .
 youtube tries to fix its comments <sec> youtube is trying to fix its comments with a new system that ties all accounts to google+ .  video creators will have the power to block specific users and offensive words .  previously , the best fix when comments got out of control was to turn them off completely .  the update will roll out in the coming month .
 'flickers ' of al qaeda in libyan opposition , u.s. nato leader says <sec> but no evidence of major presence , official says .  he sees `` more than reasonable '' chance gadhafi will leave powe .
 blind man uses his ears to see <sec> daniel kish teaches a technique to help blind people `` see '' with their ears .  kish clicks his tongue and listens for that sound to bounce off of objects .  he says those returning echoes act like `` dim flashes of light '' .  kish is founder of world access for the blind , which teaches `` echolocation .
 five ios 8 features you 'll love <sec> ios 8 , apple 's new mobile operating system , rolled out wednesday .  it 's two days before the iphone 6 and 6 plus hit stores .  new features include a major keyboard update .  continuity lets you share documents between apple device .
 mexican driver sergio perez to leave mclaren after just one season <sec> mexican driver sergio perez is to leave f1 team mclaren at the end of 2013 season .  perez to depart british-based team after only one season at their stable .  the 23-year-old is currently 12th in the standings with a best grand prix finish of 5th .  reports claim mclaren young driver kevin magnussen will be his replacemen .
 got $ 5,000 ? you could dunk the olympic basketball <sec> more than £3,000 ( $ 4,709 ) has been bid for the basketball used in the men 's olympic final won by the u.s . .  organizers say the money raised so far has helped subsidize the costs of torches and torchbearers .  locog says nearly 2,000 items have been put up for sale .  even a farmer 's sickle from the pastoral scene at the opening ceremony is being auctione .
 pakistani man gets more than 4 years in prison in terror case <sec> irfan ul haq , 37 , and two others are nabbed in 2011 in a federal sting .  he pleaded guilty to conspiracy to provide material support to the pakistani taliban .  the u.s. considers the pakistani taliban a foreign terrorist organizatio .
 sri lanka ready to 'go for gold ' <sec> seven athletes will compete for sri lanka at the beijing olympics .  sydney olympic medallist susanthika jayasinghe is biggest hope .  susanthika jayasinghe , anuruddha ratnayake top nation 's medal hope .
 q & a : science behind deadly waves <sec> powerful storm waves uncommon in the mediterranean .  wind , ocean current , and shape and depth of sea floor can contribute .  storm waves not connected to recent tsunamis caused by chile quak .
 egyptian vp vows changes to appease protesters <sec> new : u.s. president barack obama says he wants a representative government in egypt .  elbaradei : if mubarak does n't leave , his `` regime would retrench '' .  ideas discussed include a possible end to emergency laws after 30 years .  some protesters say the representatives meeting with suleiman do n't represent the .
 along the mississippi , signs of recovery and stormy forecasts <sec> new : 2 casinos reopen in tunica , mississippi .  new : severe storms are forecast this weekend along parts of the mississippi .  experts : it will take until mid-june for floodwaters to recede in vicksburg .  the mississippi river first rose out of its banks on april 3 .
 hate with a beat : white power music <sec> lonnie nasatir : tattooed men pump fists in front of nazi flags at white power music concerts .  nasatir : this music a part of white supremacist movement subculture since 1970s .  for supremacists , the music reflects attitudes toward hate they already have , he says .  concerts do n't attract a lot of people , he says , attempts to recruit are not truly successfu .
 ranieri sacked by greece after humiliating defeat <sec> greece sacks coach claudio ranieri .  departs after 1-0 home defeat to faroe islands .  greece has just one point from four euro 2016 qualifying games .  ranieri took over after greece 's successful 2014 world cup campaig .
