 charles taylor 's defense to counter prosecutor sentencing recommendation <sec> the former liberian president was convicted of war crimes .  prosecutors say he deserves an 80-year sentence for the conviction .  taylor aided fighters in a civil war in neighboring sierra leon .
 long captivity brought many lows , ex-hostage betancourt says <sec> ingrid betancourt says she favored death over captivity at one point .  she was kidnapped in 2002 and rescued in 2008 .  she described herself as a bit of a troublemaker during her captivity .  betancourt admits she was not the most popular captiv .
 the myth of the 'monster ' pedophile <sec> don mcpherson met jerry sandusky at penn state , had great respect for him .  he says if it 's true sandusky raped boys , it would fit profile of a pedophile .  pedophiles are not monstrous misfits , he says , they are often pillars of community .  penn state had a lot to gain by upholding a clean sports reputation , he write .
 analysts : political impact uncertain after cia contractor freed <sec> cia contractor raymond davis was charged with killing two pakistani men .  he was released after a purported seven-figure sum was paid to victims ' families .  `` blood money '' is allowed under a sharia practice called diyat , or compensatio .
 youssif meets spidey , gets hero hug <sec> boy on meeting spider-man : `` it was my favorite thing '' .  youssif also met spongebob , lassie and an orangutan at universal studios .  dad : `` other than my wedding day , this is the happiest day of my life .
 decisive action or imagery : gun control and the power of political symbolism <sec> gun violence recommendations are expected from vice president biden on tuesday .  the proposals are expected to contain substantive and symbolic ideas to curb gun violence .  presidents use symbolism to shift public opinion or affect larger political or social chang .
 obama announces he supports same-sex marriage - cnnpolitics.com <sec> `` i believe marriage is a relationship between a man and a woman , '' mitt romney says .  `` no president could have done this 10 years ago , '' barney frank says .  the president says it is important for him to affirm support for same-sex marriage .  he previously said his approach had been `` evolving .
 john king : obama must make case against change <sec> stakes for obama 's speech are higher after two prime-time performances .  democratic pollster : `` this convention is now a home run derby '' .  targeting in charlotte differs from the messaging in denver four years ago .  thursday night , obama 's challenge is to sell his road ma .
 iran 's president makes 1st state visit to lebanon <sec> ahmadinejad meets with lebanon 's president .  he is also expected to meet with members of hezbollah .  u.s. secretary of state hillary clinton expresses concern about tri .
 report : tunisian islamist leader captured in libya <sec> tunisian state media says libyan and american forces captured abu iyadh .  a pentagon spokesman say u.s. forces were not involved .  ansar al sharia in tunisia denies the islamist group leader 's arres .
 virginia mom will stay in jail until trial on isis-related charges <sec> heather coffman is accused to trying to help people go to syria to fight with isis .  investigators say an undercover fbi agent gathered information in the case .  feds : coffman claimed she had experience connecting recruits with isis facilitator .
 opinion : zimmerman trial is about race <sec> roxanne jones : we have all been duped in the trayvon martin case .  jones : this case was never `` open and shut '' as the martin family attorney said earlier .  she says race still matters deeply in our courtrooms , just as it does in our nation .  jones : in zimmerman trial , the prosecution appears to be lying low and taking punche .
 judge accepts theater shooting suspect 's insanity plea <sec> a package holmes sent to his psychiatrist will be processed as evidence .  james holmes will be taken to a mental health center for evaluation .  he faces murder and other charges in a july shooting at an aurora , colorado , movie theater .  trial is set for 201 .
 pakistan general urges nato to contain taliban <sec> nato 's afghanistan commander meets with a top pakistani general , pakistan says .  pakistan wants nato to stop the taliban from crossing the border , an officer says .  pakistan and the united states have an uneasy relationshi .
 amanda knox 's aunt says hearing verdict was 'gut-wrenching ' <sec> janet huff : `` it was terrible , it was gut-wrenching just to hear them say it '' .  amanda knox , former boyfriend , convicted of murdering british student meredith kercher .  aunt says seeing people applaud verdict outside court made her sick .  huff says knox 's parents are `` shattered , they are not doing great .
 five things virginia election is telling us about national politics <sec> democrats made ken cuccinelli 's conservative views on women 's issues a focus .  virginia governor 's race is rare one in which democrats are outspending republicans .  cuccinelli campaign hoping it can mobilize enough of its base to save victory .  governor 's race gave bill and hillary clinton a gateway back into campaign politic .
 nbc news shuts down hyperlocal site everyblock <sec> everyblock plotted a mix of commercial , government and nonprofit feeds .  the site was an experiment in data and mapping based journalism .  everyblock was started in 2008 and had sites for 19 cities .
 did woman , 91 , die because of traffic delays in n.j. bridge scandal ? <sec> new : woman 's daughter says she believes her mom was dead at the house .  a new jersey legislator wants feds to investigate death of woman , 91 .  `` endangering people 's lives -- that 's not politics , '' democrat says .  gridlock delays paramedics reaching woman in cardiac arrest , ems chief say .
 the obama doctrine : inarticulate or disengaged ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> hillary clinton called obama 's guiding foreign policy principle too simplistic .  obama did n't take the former secretary of state 's criticism personally , an adviser says .  those within his inner circle admit the president has had problems articulating his polic .
 3 dead after thousands protest in rare egypt outpouring <sec> new : egypt 's official news agency reports 49 people were injured .  protest organizers say they hope to capture tunisia 's regional momentum for change .  organizers chose january 25 -- police day and a national holiday -- to hold protests .  international human rights groups ask security forces not to crack down on protester .
 grudge sparked teddy bear crisis <sec> disgruntled ex-employee said teacher let class name teddy `` mohammed '' .  sources : sarah khawad trying to shut down khartoum 's unity high school .  briton gillian gibbons convicted of insulting religion released from jail .  gillian gibbons taken to british embassy in khartoum to await flight hom .
 judge 's widow testifies at death penalty hearing <sec> new : officer 's daughter : `` he did n't deserve to die . .  he did not do anything wrong '' .  `` i hope the love of my life did not suffer , '' judge 's wife says .  judge 's daughter feels as `` heartbroken and as lonely '' as day father was shot .  nichols could be sentenced to the death penalt .
 fluke : why this election is so personal <sec> sandra fluke says stakes are high in the election , which is extremely personal for her .  fluke : attacks on me brought home how easily women 's rights can be taken away .  romney is anti-middle class and anti-women , she says , and panders to extremists .  fluke : we need to support obama , who has the vision and values for a better americ .
 new york governor on 2010 bid : 'i 'm blind but i 'm not oblivious ' <sec> david paterson 's approval ratings are below 20 percent ; he met obama last week .  it 's been reported that white house urged him not to run for re-election in 2010 .  `` i realize that there are people who do n't want me to run , '' paterson says sunday .  if paterson loses , it could adversely affect down-ticket race .
 muhammad ali released from hospital <sec> muhammad ali was getting follow-up care for a urinary tract infection , a spokesman says .  his 73rd birthday is saturday .  his family thanks fans for support and well wishe .
 seal who says he killed bin laden fears retribution <sec> ex-navy seal robert o'neill says he fired shots that killed osama bin laden .  o'neill says he 's concerned he 'll face prosecution for publicly telling his story .  he says value of sharing details with families of 9/11 attack victims makes risk worthwhil .
 state battles intensify on access to guns <sec> with president obama 's gun control effort stalled , states address the gun issue .  there is a recall election , a call to void federal laws , a toughening of gun laws .  overall , the gun lobby is winning `` the policy battle , '' a liberal commentator say .
 how to master mobile advertising <sec> sessionm is redefining mobile advertising with customer rewards .  users are encouraged to interact with adverts , with their engagement being rewarded .  the company currently works with over 1,000 app developer .
 fewer airline passengers but more crowded planes await holiday travelers <sec> a projected 43.3 million air travelers will fly on u.s. carriers .  that 's a 1 % drop from the same period last year .  on the busiest days , flights will be filled to at least 85 % capacit .
 condemned georgia inmate gets reprieve <sec> new : justices reject appeal of mental retardation claim .  warren hill had been scheduled to die by injection monday evening .  georgia 's supreme court halted the execution monday afternoon .  hill 's lawyers argue changes to georgia 's execution protocol need revie .
 australia approves carbon emissions tax <sec> bill to introduce carbon tax on country 's biggest polluters passed by australian senate .  carbon price fixed at aus $ 23 from july 1 2012 before moving to flexible pricing in 2015 .  prime minsiter julia gillard decribes vote as `` history making '' .  opposition leader tony abbot says tax will threaten jobs and raise taxe .
 chris cornell throws down <sec> chris cornell 's new album is `` scream '' .  former soundgarden , audioslave front man working with producer timbaland .  rock star life takes work , cornell says .  singer once threw amplifier out window to sample old-school rock star activit .
 general accused of sex assault must pay over $ 20,000 ; no jail time <sec> jeffrey sinclair must forfeit $ 20,000 in pay , get a reprimand , pay over $ 4,000 for travel fraud .  the brigadier general says afterward that `` the system worked '' .  he 'd earlier pleaded guilty to some charges ; others including sodomy were dropped .  accuser 's lawyer says sinclair 's `` slap on the wrist '' is `` a travesty .
 picture this : the world 's tiniest fisheye camera <sec> a welsh student has invented a key-ring sized digital fisheye camera .  the little cyclops measures in at just 4cm long and 2cm high .  inventor greg dash only plans to release 1,000 of the devices before moving on to other product .
 this month on inside the middle east <sec> discover treasures from across the islamic world at the doha museum .  find out what is on the minds of university students in the middle east .  ime reports from mecca as millions celebrate the hajj and eid al-adh .
 eight pakistani soldiers killed in cross-border attack <sec> the attack was carried out by more than 100 taliban fighters from afghanistan , officials say .  at least 15 taliban fighters are killed in ensuing firefights .  the attacks are the latest in a series of cross-border assault .
 guitar , studio wizard les paul dies at 94 <sec> les paul , guitar and studio innovator , has died at 94 .  paul 's innovations included a solid-body guitar , multitrack recording .  paul had several hits with ex-wife mary ford in early '50s .  b.b . .  king : `` he was the founding father of modern music .
 the big swindle : in lotteries , the poor are the biggest losers <sec> at least two people will share the $ 648 million jackpot from tuesday 's mega millions lottery .  most who play know they have little chance of winning anything .  just : lottery playing by poor a hail mary investment strategy , a ray of hope among the hopeles .
 rescuers search for atlanta tornado victims <sec> new : at least 20 homes flattened by tornado in atlanta .  apartment building collapses as tornado hits atlanta .  search for survivors amid apartment debris could take days .  at least 15 people injured , hotel evacuated during stor .
 saudi blogger freed from jail , colleague says <sec> new : friend says blogger `` in good spirits '' and spending time with family .  fouad al-farhan detained in december by saudi government for his blog .  al-farhan was held because he supported reform advocates , a blog says .  saudi government accused him of supporting terrorism through his blo .
 poll : u.s. split on obama 's immigration move <sec> a new poll out from quinnipiac university finds a split on approval of obama 's immigration plan .  thirty-five percent of americans , a new high , believe those here illegally should be required to leave .  at 39 percent approval , obama is nearing his all-time low approval rating of 38 percen .
 apologetic german soccer team offers refunds <sec> more than 600 supporters watch their team suffer its sixth loss in seven games .  energie cottbus are second from the bottom in its league 's ranking .  the team will announce details of how fans can receive a refund on their ticke .
 videos of pows a staple of war propaganda <sec> army pfc . .  bowe bergdahl was captured nearly three weeks ago in afghanistan .  sen. john mccain is considered one of the most famous prisoners of war .  video of captured soldiers in iraq painted a picture of rogue captor .
 the bugler 's final 'thank you ' <sec> long island bugler plays taps at as many military funerals as he can attend .  shortage of buglers led congress to permit recordings of taps to be played .  leo dileo has played at 3,000 funerals for the new york army national guar .
 'gone with the wind ' dress sold for $ 137,000 at auction <sec> collector says he bought the outfit as it was about to be thrown away .  vivien leigh wore it in several key scenes in the 1939 movi .
 analysis : is obama bluffing about afghanistan pullout ? <sec> negotiations between the u.s. and afghanistan over post-2014 troop levels have deteriorated .  those who have dealt with afghan president karzai say it 's sometimes 'like dealing with a child ' .  the u.s. planned to leave some residual force in place to fight insurgents and train afghan forces .  the u.s. planned to leave troops in iraq after the war but pulled all out after talks stalle .
 10 years on , taliban holds key to afghan peace <sec> killing of former afghan president , burhanuddin rabbani , dealt a blow to peace advocates .  rabbani was also the chairman of president hamid karzai 's high council for peace .  some analysts say this was an attempt to eliminate one of the few credible , ethnic opposition leaders .  tajiks and other minorities will never now accept a government dominated by majority pashtun .
 at 90 , billy graham remains 'america 's pastor ' <sec> graham turns 90 on friday ; large birthday celebration planned for next week .  tens of thousands of people have left birthday greetings for the evangelist .  graham has preached to more than 215 million people in person .  graham 's family says his mind is sharp and he 's in good physical shap .
 campaign role ups pressure on chelsea clinton to talk to media <sec> chelsea clinton steps up her role in her mother 's campaign .  the clintons have always shielded their daughter from the media spotlight .  ex-first daughter , who soon turns 28 , will campaign in hawaii for tuesday caucuse .
 silicon valley is no meritocracy for minorities <sec> hank williams : techcrunch founder recently called silicon valley a meritocracy .  this started twitter spat with indian-american entrepeneur , who says it 's not so .  williams : for minorities trying to connect with mentors in tech field , playing field uneven .  williams : less than 1 % of venture capital went to digital startups of blacks in 201 .
 air travelers , others speak out on passenger bill of rights <sec> unofficial capitol hill hearing addressed concerns over long tarmac delays .  bill sponsored by sen. barbara boxer would allow fliers to deplane after three hours .  former american airlines ceo spoke in support of three-hour limit .  another witness said routine delays are more pressing issu .
 when are gop candidates going to take on herman cain ? <sec> gloria borger : herman cain seems to know little about national issues , presidency .  she says he has n't adequately dealt with allegations of sexual harassment .  cain seemed to have little sense of u.s. policy on libya , borger says .  borger : other gop candidates should challenge cain on his lack of fitness for candidac .
 'glee ' says goodbye to cory monteith <sec> `` glee '' says goodbye to cory monteith and his character on thursday .  there was no mention of how his character died .  monteith 's real-life girlfriend played his love on the sho .
 syrian opposition opens embassy in qatar <sec> syrian opposition opens its first embassy in doha , qatar .  the opening comes a day after opposition leaders got a seat at arab league summit .  that decision angered syria 's governmen .
 miss california usa prejean dethroned <sec> new : prejean tells billy bush she thinks gay marriage answer was reason for firing .  `` better late than never , '' perez hilton says of carrie prejean 's firing .  prejean was miss california usa , controversial due to statements , topless photos .  runner-up tami farrell will take over as miss california us .
 argentine president cristina fernandez released from hospital <sec> spokesman : `` due to her excellent recovery she will be released from the hospital '' .  argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner underwent surgery tuesday .  last weekend doctors diagnosed her with a subdural hematom .
 'monument quilt ' creates safe space for rape survivors <sec> the monument quilt consists of more than 250 stories from survivors of rape and abuse .  the brainchild of activist group force , monument quilt is visiting 13 cities this summer .  force helps community groups display quilt , hold quilt-making workshops .  the goal of the project is to create healing spaces by and for survivor .
 u.s. recognizes libyan rebels ' authority <sec> gadhafi asks libyans to `` trample '' on the u.s. announcement .  he says he 's wildly popular in libya and derides `` traitors '' .  hillary clinton states the new policy at libya contact group meeting in turkey .  the transitional national council is a main organization for the oppositio .
 'mad men ' tries to make emmy history <sec> `` mad men '' could set a record with a fifth straight win for best drama series .  while it 's the most nominated show , the amc series has yet to win an acting emmy .  abc 's `` modern family '' will try to repeat its domination of the comedy category .  kathy bates , who recently revealed she had a double mastectomy , will presen .
 el paso school a haven along violent border <sec> 70 percent of lydia patterson institute 's students commute from mexico .  students , parents say school provides sense of security in contrast to juarez , mexico .  lydia patterson institute has admitted 25 new students from mexico this year .  school founded as sanctuary for families fleeing mexican revolutio .
 spanish granny dubbed 'world 's oldest blogger ' dies <sec> spanish grandmother became internet sensation after she starting blogging at 95 .  maria amelia lopez wrote about her life and modern politics .  her popularity saw spanish prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero drop b .
 it all adds up for edward sharpe and the magnetic zeros <sec> the zeros ' second album `` here , '' hit no.5 on the billboard 200 chart .  the band 's name does not mean what some fans believe .  the frontman says the music creates itsel .
 elmore leonard , writer of sharp , colorful crime stories , dead at 87 <sec> elmore leonard mastered snappy dialogue and clever plots .  he has racked up many awards and won widespread praise for his work .  before he embarked on crime writing , he wrote western .
 douglas kennedy acquitted in n.y. hospital case <sec> kennedy had been accused of twisting one nurse 's arm and kicking another nurse in january .  he tried to leave the maternity ward of a suburban new york city hospital with his newborn son .  the nurses ' attorney could not be immediately reached for commen .
