 why 'android fragmentation ' is n't so bad <sec> localytics claims that android fragmentation might be becoming less of a issue .  screen size and resolution are also key variables for creating android apps .  nearly three-fourths of android app usage came from devices running on `` gingerbread .
 islamist rivals in syria find common enemy in coalition <sec> the two most powerful islamist groups in syria have spent months killing each other .  now , u.s. and allied airstrikes could have an unintended consequence .  isis and al qaeda affiliate al-nusra could find a common enemy : the u.s.-led allied effort .  `` we ca n't fight on the crusaders ' side against a muslim . '' .  says an al-nura commande .
 pakistani government makes history : 5 years of political survival <sec> pakistan has had three military coups .  next , a caretaker government will oversee elections .  the milestone has come with a price .  musharraf has said he will return this mont .
 opinion : give more visas to foreign-born workers <sec> michael beckerman : our immigration system stifles innovation and entrepreneurship .  beckerman : the scarcity of h-1b visas creates major roadblocks for u.s. companies .  he says many unfilled jobs require highly skilled foreign workers who need visas .  beckerman : retaining the best and the brightest is critical to our economic recover .
 oprah interview wo n't reduce sanctions against armstrong , officials say <sec> new : reporter says armstrong needs competition , fans ' love .  `` there are a lot of people still lying , '' one-time teammate says .  oprah winfrey tells cbs that lance armstrong acknowledges doping .  world anti-doping agency calls on armstrong to testif .
 lawyers : u.s. faces suit on syphilis tests in guatemala <sec> lawyers say about 700 guatemalans were infected with syphilis .  the u.s. intentionally infected the guatemalans to study the effects of the disease .  the united states has apologized for the testing , which was more than 60 years ag .
 commentary : proud to be a 'wise latina ' <sec> maria hinojosa : my daughter and i are wearing `` wise latina '' t-shirts .  she says sonia sotomayor has helped erase insecurity for many .  she says mccain 's opposition to sotomayor 's nomination was a mistake .  hinojosa : political impact of latino population is likely to gro .
 on the comeback trail with help from the clintons <sec> former rep. marjorie margolies lost her seat 20 years ago after backing bill clinton on budget .  chelsea clinton is her daughter-in-law , so she has a unique link to the former first family .  and bill and hillary are working to help her out in her political comeback bid .  but there 's a fine line in gauging how much of the clintons is enough in a political campaig .
 house gop passes border bill -- likely to no effect <sec> the gop-led house passes an immigration bill by a 223-189 vote .  democrats , including president obama , have criticized the measure .  senate failed to push through its version and left town for the month of august .  with no legislation , obama will act on his ow .
 commentary : transgender people are everywhere <sec> donna rose : chastity bono highlights transgender presence in hollywood .  rose says transgender people are in all walks of life .  she says they face obstacles to expressing their real identity .  rose : transgender people accept and celebrate who they ar .
 herve renard leaves zambia for sochaux , sunderland appoint gus poyet <sec> herve renard leaves position as zambia coach to take over at sochaux .  renard led zambia to africa cup of nations glory in 2012 .  english premier league club sunderland appoint gus poyet as manager .  sunderland sit bottom of the table with one point from seven matche .
 ebola crisis : who are the heroes ? ( opinion ) <sec> robert klitzman : as fear of ebola grips the nation , i think back on how hiv/aids scared the world .  klitzman : it is a scary time to be a doctor or nurse ; health professional are at the front lines .  he says doctors without borders , in particular , has emerged for its inspiring heroism .  klitzman : despite eroding morals in health care , we still have many dedicated professional .
 messi misses penalty as brazil defeat argentina <sec> brazil defeat argentina 2-0 in beijing friendly .  diego tardelli scores twice to give a selecao victory .  lionel messi misses penalty just before half tim .
 zimmerman 's wife arrested , accused of perjury <sec> shellie n. zimmerman makes bond .  she is accused of perjury regarding testimony about family finances .  her husband is charged with second-degree murder in the death of trayvon marti .
 chinese national 'captured ' fighting for isis <sec> iraqi army has captured islamic state in iraq and syria fighter from china , report said .  if true , he would be first chinese national caught fighting with isis militants .  one chinese commentator assumes the man is uighur , a muslim minority group .  beijing has stepped up efforts to appease local dissatisfaction and curb violenc .
 '21 jump street ' : a fast , cheeky interpretation of the original <sec> `` 21 jump street '' morphs into an action comedy with a tonal complexity .  what this interpretation sacrifices in teachable moments , it makes up for in intelligent giddiness .  channing tatum has got bust-out talents as a really funny , self-aware comic acto .
 ceo gives part of his bonus to employees <sec> lenovo ceo gave $ 3 million of his bonus to employees .  about 10,000 junior level workers received about $ 314 each .  lenovo had a `` record-setting year '' in fiscal year 2011/201 .
 colombian rebels open door for talks <sec> the farc 's new leader suggests a `` hypothetical negotiating table '' .  the rebel group has been at war with the government since the 1960s .  it has suffered a series of setbacks in recent year .
 death row inmate seeks new trial <sec> new : the arkansas supreme court is likely to decide in two or three weeks .  damien echols is appealing his conviction for the murders of three cub scouts in arkansas .  he spoke to cnn from death row about new evidence that supports his claim of innocence .  echols ' appeal rests heavily on dna tests that do n't link him to the crime scen .
 army officers join cairo protest <sec> new : two egyptian officers are forced to leave the square , a witness says .  the number of demonstrators swells as the muslim brotherhood joins in .  groups are seeking prosecution of former president hosni mubarak .  mubarak 's chief of staff has been arreste .
 spanking is n't child abuse ; it 's common sense ( opinion ) <sec> ruben navarrette : i 'm against child abuse . .  who is n't ? .  but i 'm not against spanking .  navarrette : spanking is an acceptable way to discipline a child , as long as you follow the rules .  he says too many kids in america today do n't respect their parents - that 's the real threat .  navarrette : many kids do n't fear any kind of authority , and this will not serve them well in lif .
 michael jackson announces 'curtain call ' concerts <sec> michael jackson announces 10 concerts at london 's o2 arena .  jackson called the performances a `` final curtain call '' .  reclusive star rarely seen since acquittal on child molestation charges in 2005 .  rumors of financial difficulties , health problems have swirled around sta .
 obama announces afghanistan troop withdrawal plan <sec> new : senior administration officials say planning for the drawdown began in january .  romney , huntsman question obama 's decision .  president obama announces all 33,000 `` surge '' troops to leave by september 2012 .  the withdrawal will begin next month , with 10,000 troops leaving afghanistan this yea .
 8 irresistible indoor hotel pools <sec> the water club at borgata in atlantic city has three indoor pools .  views of the alps make swimming extra-spectacular at the w verbier in switzerland .  the natural surroundings of peru 's sacred valley inspired tambo del inka 's indoor poo .
 australian prime minister proposes tax to pay for flood damage <sec> money to pay for flood damage will come from spending cuts , delayed spending and a tax .  tax would raise $ 1.8 billion and would be levied for a year .  more than 3 million people have been affected by recent floods .  the government will be investing billions of dollars to help queensland , national treasurer say .
 sanctions on russia : would world cup boycott hit harder ? <sec> european leaders are discussing further economic sanctions against russia .  the united states and europe targeted 28 russian and ukrainian officials .  tight economic links between russia and the eu could mean sanctions hurt both side .
 townsend : london police out in force for g-20 security <sec> cnn national security contributor talks about police presence at g-20 summit .  overwhelming presence of police is key , frances townsend says .  police aim to protect dignitaries , keep streets open , allow peaceful protest .
 report : madagascar rivals strike power-sharing deal <sec> involves ousted president marc ravalomanana , incumbent andry rajoelina , former leaders didier ratsiraka and albert zafy .  under the deal , rajoelina will serve as president along with two new co-presidents .  ravalomanana had pledged to reject any accord that allowed his successor to be the sole leader of the countr .
 official : sergeant on desk duty during probe over boston images <sec> sgt . .  sean murphy will be on desk duty pending an internal investigation .  murphy told boston magazine he did n't like a rolling stone cover picturing dzhokhar tsarnaev .  boston magazine published images it said murphy provided showing tsarnaev 's captur .
 glaswegians dazed by pub helicopter crash <sec> locals in glasgow stunned by crash of a police helicopter into a busy pub .  accident killed at least nine people and left at least 14 seriously injured .  richard quest says no one pushed to escape ; instead they set up human chains .  rescue is dangerous since wrong move could bring down the rest of the buildin .
 immigration detainee release under fire <sec> ice 's decision to release immigrant detainees because of budget cuts is being criticized .  republicans say the move puts the public at risk .  white house says it had no input in the decision .  an immigrant talks about his releas .
 disgraced chinese politician bo xilai to go on trial this week <sec> source close to bo xilai 's family reject charges against him .  the chinese politician is accused of bribery , embezzlement and abuse of power .  his wife has been convicted of murder , serving suspended death sentenc .
 what is china 's pla doing in hong kong ? <sec> protesters gathering close to hong kong garrison of the people 's liberation army ( pla ) .  pla garrison abides by local hong kong laws , though it can help maintain order if asked .  memories are still fresh of 1989 and the brutal crackdown of tiananmen protests .  estimates put number of pla troops stationed in hong kong at around 6,00 .
 living without a pulse : engineering a better artificial heart <sec> scientists at the texas heart institute are working to create a permanent artificial heart .  the new heart device propels blood through the body , rather than pumps it .  two magnetic fields control the blades ' oscillations , which rotate about 2,000 times a minut .
 houthi protesters killed in yemen , official says <sec> several houthis were killed , dozens wounded in violence tuesday .  interior ministry says shots came from armed protesters in crowd .  houthis are protesting oil subsidy reform , current governmen .
 opinion : four dead boys : this is what war looks like <sec> lz granderson : 4 boys killed while playing on gaza beach attacked by israeli forces .  lz : we weep , but should consider : u.s. has inflicted this kind of collateral damage , too .  he says we tend not to feel responsible for distant carnage inflicted for u.s. interests .  lz : we should remember our visceral reaction today next time our politicians beat war drum .
 cuban official : u.s. should lift trade embargo - cnnpolitics.com <sec> u.s. delegation in havana will begin negotiations on repairing five decades of strained relations .  in last few weeks , president obama has eased u.s. restrictions on cub .
 heimaey : the icelandic town frozen in time by a volcano <sec> iceland 's heimaey island was evacuated in 1973 when the eldfell volcano exploded .  houses buried by the volcano have now been excavated and preserved in a new museum .  helga jonsdottir , who fled the volcano as a child , now runs a cafe on the islan .
 cdc : 3.4 million inhalable h1n1 vaccine doses available soon <sec> inhalable vaccine available only between ages 2 and 49 ; not for pregnant women .  some flu shots will be available in early october as well .  new h1n1 has not changed much from earlier virus , officials say .  21 states are now reporting widespread flu activit .
 10 calming wellness retreats <sec> ananda , india : renowned for its ayurvedic healing programs , yoga and meditation . .  six senses zighy bay , oman : located in the musandam peninsula , with mountains on one side , beach on the other . .  spa eastman , canada : one of the country 's top spas , and affordable , too .
 u.s. judge oks noriega extradition to france <sec> new : judge issues `` certificate of extraditability '' ; noriega 's lawyer vows to fight .  france wants him extradited to serve a money-laundering sentence .  ex-panamanian dictator is set to get out of federal prison september 9 .  lawyers have argued he should be returned to panam .
 opinion : obama 's 'best-looking ' remark was sexist <sec> president obama referred to kamala harris as the best-looking attorney general .  ruben navarrette : the president 's comment is inappropriate .  he says the remark objectifies a professional woman , and is unlikely to be said about a man .  navarrette : obama is n't getting much criticism , partly because there is selective outrag .
 rossi pips lorenzo to win catalunya motogp <sec> world champion valentino rossi claims thrilling victory in catalunya motogp .  the italian pips pole-sitter jorge lorenzo on final lap in barcelona on sunday .  rossi , lorenzo and third-placed casey stoner level at the top of the standing .
 how steve jobs saw the future <sec> nancy koehn : steve jobs is rightly celebrated for products he introduced .  she says jobs ' central insight was that we live in transformative times .  jobs knew technology enabled everyone to do what only a few could do before , she say .
 los angeles puts up $ 1 million reward for dorner <sec> lapd beefs up security at grammy awards as a precaution .  new : slain riverside officer identified as 11-year veteran michael crain .  los angeles puts up $ 1 million reward for dorner 's capture and conviction .  dorner claims lapd racism cost him his job and declared war on the departmen .
 ukraine billionaire petro poroshenko leads in early election results <sec> poroshenko says russia needs to help bring peace to eastern ukraine .  russian fm lavrov says russia respects choice but has some concerns about vote .  gunbattles break out at donetsk airport as troops try to clear out separatist gunme .
 bubba wonder shot key to pair of career firsts <sec> bubba watson wins wgc tournament in shanghai .  beats tim clark at first hole of sudden death playoff .  first wgc and overseas tournament success for the american .  overnight leader graeme mcdowell finishes in group one bac .
 review : 'wo n't back down ' <sec> `` wo n't back down '' is about the quasi-disaster that is today 's american public education system .  gyllenhaal brings a bit too much movie-star-as-working-class-mom radiance to her role .  in a brilliantly felt and thought-out performance , viola davis plays veteran teacher non .
 contractor charged with murder after philadelphia building collapse <sec> new : prosecutor : `` this arrest is not the end of the grand jury 's investigation '' .  griffin campbell is charged with six counts of third-degree murder .  the contractor also faces involuntary manslaughter and reckless endangerment charges .  the building 's wall collapsed on a salvation army store in june , killing six peopl .
 1 year after mine collapse , survivors confront life after fame <sec> friday is the one-year anniversary of the chile mine collapse .  four of the miners are at the opening of a new exhibit at the smithsonian .  fame for them has faded in chile , one miner says .  abroad , a movie is in the work .
 runner-up in mexico 's presidential election filing legal challenge <sec> andres manuel lopez obrador is refusing to concede in the presidential election .  he says he is filing a legal challenge because of allegations of vote-rigging .  election officials : enrique pena nieto won 38.21 % of the votes , to lopez obrador 's 31.59 % .  the results remain unofficial until the country 's electoral tribunal ratifies the .
 anc expected to fend off challenges in south african elections <sec> the economic freedom fighters party says vote was not fair .  the anc is expected to retain power , but opposition parties could erode its majority .  president jacob zuma has been dogged by scandal .  `` many are hoping that the anc will get a scare , '' a commentator say .
 senior al qaeda cleric killed in yemen drone strike <sec> harith bin ghazi al-nadhari was senior cleric for al qaeda in the arabian peninsula .  he and three others were killed in yemen 's shabwa province , aqap say .
 africa 's hottest new fashion designers <sec> bellanaija.com writer jennifer obiuwevbi charts the change in african fashion design .  designs from the continent have diversified in shape and style over the years .  african fashion houses now pioneer international catwalk trends , she say .
 baby with 'bucket list ' dies <sec> `` avery 's passing this quickly came as a complete shock to all of us , '' her dad writes .  doctors told her parents she would not live past 2 .  a blog created by her parents includes a `` bucket list '' for avery .  avery 's blog went viral , drawing millions of page view .
 diplomats talk amid fierce fighting in key libyan city <sec> new : two opposition helicopters attack in ajdabiya .  the rebels appear to have averted a major setback there .  an african union committee plans to meet opposition leaders in benghazi this weekend .  former u.s. lawmaker weldon leaves libya with a letter but no meeting with gadhaf .
 south african artist changing lives with street murals <sec> street artist , freddy sam , hopes to bring about social change through his projects .  he 's transforming the poor suburb of woodstock , cape town with murals .  the artist also runs a creative workshop at a local orphanag .
 families turn mh370 grief into action <sec> jack 's elder sister is one of the passengers missing on malaysia airlines flight 370 .  he has taken leave of his job to join other mh370 relatives searching for answers in beijing .  on monday , jack received a text announcing `` none of those on board survived '' .  he and other passengers have joined forces to push for more information and proo .
 chris christie : snooki hater ? <sec> david bianculli notes gov . .  chris christie is in news for `` jersey shore '' decision .  christie denied show tax credit because it fed `` misperceptions '' about state .  bianculli says pols have weighed in before , but why `` shore '' and not `` sopranos '' ? .  bianculli : maybe new policy should be tax credits for quality shows , fines for tacky one .
 gang triggerman honored with 'scarface ' hat <sec> graveyards in mexican town show tributes to gang leaders and hitmen .  `` lupito , '' who a relative said loved hitman life , was killed when he was 21 .  cartel bosses are buried in mausoleums surrounded by bullet-proof glass .  followers pay bands , leave tributes including cocaine at shrines to cult heroe .
 singapore teen charged for youtube rant <sec> singapore teenager arrested over comments about late leader in youtube video .  criticisms over jailing teenager and restriction on freedom of speec .
 ashton kutcher , demi moore : are they splitting ? <sec> ashton kutcher and demi moore are currently on different coasts .  the pair also spent their sixth wedding anniversary apart .  moore , 48 , has been in new york city to promote `` five .
 'kick-ass 2 ' : not your average sequel <sec> `` kick-ass 2 '' cast and director do n't reveal too much about the film 's actual plot .  actors who portray kick-ass , hit-girl and red mist appear via satellite .  jim carrey withdrew his support from the movie because of its extreme violence .  `` this is not a rinse-and-repeat sequel , '' says director-screenwriter jeff wadlo .
 mlb pitcher battles cancer , never quits <sec> jon lester won game 4 of the world series for the boston red sox after battling cancer .  lester and his wife have started a nonprofit to raise money for pediatric cancer research .  the organization is called nvrqt , for `` never quit , '' and can be found at www.nvrqt.or .
