 previously secret torture memo released <sec> previously secret justice department memo released thursday .  18-page memo heavily redacted ; 10 of 18 pages blacked out .  only a few paragraphs legible on the other pages .  doj authorized the cia to torture prisoners , says aclu officia .
 opinion : civil rights groups should have refused sterling 's money <sec> carol costello : donald sterling made charitable gifts to civil rights groups .  she says he had history of housing discrimination , but organizations took his money .  some say they will keep the money while local naacp says it will return it , she says .  costello : is it a betrayal for these groups to take his money .
 tv crew in ferguson : police violated press freedom <sec> the al jazeera crew said they identified themselves as journalists .  a videographer says tear gas , rubber bullets were fired from an armored vehicle .  crew says police actions with tv equipment may have been effort to protect i .
 'being the stork ' for orphans ' new families <sec> `` carried in our hearts '' includes interviews with parents and children joined through adoption .  actress mary-louise parker shares moment she met daughter .  international adoptions have dropped 60 % from their peak in 2004 .  there are more than 150 million orphans around the world , unicef say .
 feds : 'knockout ' attack was a hate crime <sec> alleged attacker will be in court friday afternoon for detention hearing .  his attorney says his client has bipolar disorder .  victim suffered two jaw fractures and was hospitalized for days , complaint says .  in separate case , new york police charged a knockout suspect with a hate crim .
 unity marks solemn , familiar ceremonies on 9/11 anniversary <sec> new : mitt romney calls for a strong military , opposes spending cuts .  political leaders cite unity in response to the 9/11 attacks .  americans pause to remember a day of horror .  at the u.s. capitol , lawmakers stand together in tribut .
 world water day : an end to global thirst is in sight <sec> chief exec of ngo wateraid says clean water for everyone on planet achievable by 2030 .  clean water a `` foundation of human development '' says barbara frost .  new wateraid interactive explores how clean water can transform communities .  interactive visits alakamisy , a remote area of madagascar that wateraid helped in 201 .
 cnn student news transcript : october 29 , 2010 <sec> examine the billions of dollars spent on the u.s. midterm elections .  explore the challenges of distributing medical supplies in haiti .  learn about the great depression and one event that helped start it .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 tiger woods a doubt for the u.s. masters ? <sec> tiger woods could miss the u.s. masters .  woods has withdrawn from the arnold palmer invitational .  back problems have been troubling 38-year-old .  says it is too early to make decision about august .
 commentary : ahmadinejad 's problem with women <sec> fawaz gerges : iranian election likely to turn on local issues , not foreign policy .  iran 's economy in trouble due to lower oil prices , inflation , joblessness , he says .  women think ahmadinejad has broken his promises to them , gerges says .  gerges : women and young people have been key factors in past vote .
 'please have mercy , ' wife begs kidnappers <sec> felix batista last seen in saltillo , mexico , on december 10 .  u.s.-based security expert answered phone call , met people outside restaurant .  ex-fbi hostage negotiator offers advice on how to avoid kidnappers .  mexico has seen a sharp rise in kidnappings over the past yea .
 oil spill prompts china to beef up port safety <sec> an injection of desulfurizer is blamed for the explosion .  the desulfurizer is strongly oxidizing .  workers are scrambling to prevent the spread of oil in the yellow se .
 iraq , turkey butt heads , block flights over debt dispute <sec> iraq claims turkey has banned iraqi flights from landing .  turkey denies making such a decision .  the dispute is over money owed by an iraqi oil company to turke .
 parents of gay rutgers student who committed suicide may sue school <sec> rutgers university student tyler clementi committed suicide in september .  he jumped off a bridge after his sexual encounter with another man was streamed online .  clementi 's parents have notified the university they may sue the school .  rutgers says it is not responsible for the student 's deat .
 family grieves for seven on airasia qz8501 <sec> family mourns the loss of seven loved ones on airasia flight qz8501 .  mother and daughter 's bodies were retrieved ; funeral to be held on friday .  relatives are still waiting for the five other members who were on board the fligh .
 obama to propose changes to medicare and social security in new budget <sec> obama pushed this plan before in talks with house speaker john boehner .  official : plan would include $ 400 billion in savings to medicare over 10 years .  budget `` will show how we can invest in the things we need to grow our economy , '' official say .
 obama : 'i 've got to take responsibility '' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama : `` the buck stops right here at my desk '' .  obama says he wants to become a better salesman to push policy forward .  obama says the one message he took away from voters : they 're tired of d.c. dysfunctio .
 iraq says u.s. congressman , delegation not welcome in country <sec> u.s. embassy in baghdad distances itself from rep. dana rohrabacher .  report : rohrabacher asks iraq to consider repaying the u.s . .  iraqi official : congressman 's remarks are personal and do not reflect broader u.s. polic .
 new pope , old pope meet for lunch <sec> video shows francis and benedict exchanging warm greetings , praying together .  vatican : meeting was `` a moment of profound and elevated communion '' .  the new pontiff and pope emeritus benedict xvi had lunch at castel gandolfo .  vatican says this is a first , since a new pope is usually picked after the death of his predecesso .
 medal of honor recipient gets new title : dad <sec> staff sgt . .  salvatore giunta earned the medal of honor in november 2010 .  his wife rosemary had a baby girl last week , giunta 's mother says .  the baby has special privileges as the daughter of a medal of honor recipien .
 witness : 'carnage ' in misrata <sec> a witness says coalition planes are circling overhead but not striking .  gadhafi 's forces are advancing in all directions , the witness says .  the libyan government claims to control misrat .
 bowe bergdahl , an adventurer and gentleman <sec> bowe bergdahl tough under adverse circumstances , friends say .  he took ballet lessons , never owned a car , loved travel and adventure .  he was captured by the taliban in afghanistan on june 30 , u.s. officials sa .
 dortmund extend bundesliga lead <sec> japan midfielder shinji kagawa and paraguay forward lucas barrios score in second half .  dortmund unbeaten since opening day of the season , with 10 wins from 12 games .  second-placed mainz will try to reduce the deficit in saturday 's home clash with hannover .  defending champions bayern munich 15 points adrift ahead of sunday 's matc .
 cnn poll : majority says raise debt ceiling <sec> americans do n't think tying obamacare to debt ceiling hike a good idea , cnn/orc poll .  nation 's ability to borrow more money to pay its bills expires in mid-october .  survey indicates a majority of the public would blame republicans if debt ceiling not increased .  president barack obama said he will not negotiate with congress on debt ceilin .
 the top three things the gop should do right now are ... <sec> we asked readers to list three things the gop should do right away , and got more than a dozen numbered lists .  ten of the best lists are featured here ; some readers commented with ideas for democratic party .  what do you think ? .  share your thoughts in the comments below or post a video on cnn irepor .
 as new android tablets approach , app development ramps up <sec> the launch of the xoom tablet from motorola mobility is scheduled for late february .  google began asking developers to start testing apps for the tablet-optimized android .  the new documentation details how a gadget with no physical buttons will wor .
 kim jong un named marshal of north korean army <sec> new : the move appears intended to emphasize kim 's position of power , analyst says .  he is already known as the supreme commander of the army .  the regime has recently announced a number of changes to the military 's top ranks .  it has removed the former army chief from all his posts citing `` illness .
 four things we learned from government shutdown - cnnpolitics.com <sec> amid our deprivations during the shutdown , we appreciate our national parks .  the party of lincoln seems to be a house divided .  ouch , the u.s. economy lost $ 24 billion .  like a hollywood horror film , there 's going to be a seque .
 u. of oklahoma fraternity shuttered after racist chant <sec> `` sooners are not racists . .  they 're not bigots , '' university president tells cnn .  rapper waka flocka flame `` disgusted , '' cancels upcoming show for saes .  national chapter quickly closed fraternity as school president said ties `` severed .
 jason rezaian of washington post charged in iran <sec> family of correspondent detained by iran calls on iran to respect its laws .  jason rezaian holds dual american and iranian citizenship .  iran has not given a reason for his arrest or specific charges .  he has been the washington post bureau chief in iran since 201 .
 controversial sheriff fighting for career ? 'hard to say , ' republican says <sec> arizona 's sheriff joe arpaio is sued by the justice department for latino discrimination .  it 's the first suit in the department 's 18-year history in civil police reform work .  `` it 's hard to say '' if arpaio 's career is on the line , a republican spokesman remarks .  latinos in arizona are a growing political forc .
 one suicide every 40 seconds : who report <sec> landmark who report estimates one suicide in the world every 40 seconds , or 800,000 a year .  the document estimates a global average of 11.4 people in 100,000 took their own life .  men are almost twice as likely as women to take their own lives , the report found .  high-income countries had a slightly higher suicide rate than poorer countrie .
 50 yards from nature 's fury <sec> cnn 's aaron brodie chases tornado with reed timmer of `` storm chasers '' .  they study radar and drive from oklahoma to kansas .  they race to stay ahead of what they think is a gustnado moving at 50 mph .  monster cloud of dust becomes roaring tornado as it sends debris floating through the ai .
 apple fixes iphone battery issues <sec> ios 5.0.1 was released to update and fix issues that drained the iphone 's battery .  users of apple 's iphone 4s and other ios 5 operated phones reported shorter battery lives .  apple admitted that ios 5 had battery performance issue .
 emerging rugby nations closing on world 's elite <sec> canada , georgia and the u.s. are emerging as leading contenders in world rugby .  georgia are building on their reputation for being competitive and physical .  the u.s. eagles are a tight cohesive outfit that display deep national prid .
 apple patent uses 3-d gestures to control an ipad <sec> on future ipads , you may be able to control your tablet from across the room .  3-d gestures could be in geometric shapes , symbols , letters or patterns .  apple could be working on an integrated projector for idevices .  older iphones may not have enough processing power for the gesture-capturin .
 taiwan police clash with students protesting chinese trade deal <sec> riot police disperse protesters who stormed taiwan 's executive building .  student protesters occupying government buildings call for controversial trade deal to be scrapped .  taiwan 's president defends the pact as beneficial to the economy .  protesters call on universities to hold strikes until demands are me .
 l.a. firefighters escape as truck sinks into hole <sec> los angeles firetruck nearly swallowed by sinkhole tuesday morning .  firefighters in truck were responding to flooding call when incident happened .  two firefighters escaped truck through windows ; no injuries reporte .
 spieth : u.s. golf 's new kid on the block <sec> u.s. teenager jordan spieth is the new kid on the block .  spieth is youngest winner on pga tour in 82 years after john deere classic success .  the 19-year-old will compete at the british open this week .  victory moves spieth up to 59th in the world and secures invites to major tournament .
 teen 's quest for amazon 'medicine ' ends in tragedy <sec> kyle nolan , 18 , traveled to the amazon seeking ayahuasca , but never returned .  ayahuasca is a psychedlic brew that some say can help with mental stress .  nolan 's mother agreed to speak to cnn hoping her son 's story could help others .  go inside an ayahuasca ceremony on sunday 's `` this is life with lisa ling at 10 .
 1 dead after tornado near tulsa , oklahoma <sec> `` it looks like there 's been a little war zone around here '' .  national weather service : there are preliminary reports of 7 tornadoes .  `` it looks like there 's been a little war zone around here , '' oklahoma resident say .
 massa risks dispute with new teammate alonso <sec> felipe massa backtracks on claim fernando alonso knew of renault 's plans .  the brazilian driver forced to clarify comments on the official ferrari web site .  massa had said his new teammate was aware of renault 's singapore strategy .  alonso won the 2008 race after teammate nelson piquet crashed deliberatel .
 syrian security forces arrest prominent opposition figure <sec> new : white house press secretary condemns syrian government .  at least 10 security forces were killed in homs , state news agency says .  21 civilian deaths across syria on friday , activist said .  opposition figure riad seif is arrested , his wife say .
 japan 's sporting schedule hit in aftermath of quake disaster <sec> sporting fixtures are cancelled across japan following earthquake and tsunami .  world figure skating championships scheduled in tokyo this month are postponed .  all j-league football matches are called off for the rest of the month .  japanese football association may cancel international friendlie .
 connelly gets 'the drop ' on readers in new novel <sec> author michael connelly 's 24th novel , `` the drop , '' comes out tuesday .  it is the 18th novel to feature his character harry bosch .  connelly is celebrating 20 years as a novelis .
 ninth arrest made in bikers ' clash with suv driver <sec> jason brown , 40 , faces charges of first degree gang assault and assault .  motorist alexian lien was beaten by bikers after bumping one with his suv , police say .  brown is seen on video allegedly hitting lien with his helmet , court documents sa .
 ex-blackwater guards charged with manslaughter <sec> a 35-count indictment charges each of five former guards .  ex-guards from blackwater worldwide surrender to authorities in utah .  a sixth blackwater guard has pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter .  ex-guards are charged in 2007 shootings that killed 17 iraqi .
 a lesson in bathroom lighting <sec> do n't cut corners providing different types of light a bathroom needs .  designers say you need light to perform tasks and lights to create mood .  bath lighting should be at least 150 watts .  make safety a priority -- electricity and water are in close proximit .
 saudi prince found guilty of murdering aide <sec> prince shows no remorse , police say after the verdict .  he admitted killing his aide , but says he did n't intend to .  bandar abdulaziz died after a severe beating caused swelling of the brain .  witnesses speculated that the prince and aide had a gay relationship , but his lawyer denies i .
 sweden snags top prize in eurovision song contest <sec> swedish singer loreen wins for her song `` euphoria '' .  the contest was held in azerbaijan , amid controversy .  singers from 26 countries took part in the fina .
 cosmetic change , but no real reform , in north korea <sec> reclusive north korea opens a little for the 60th anniversary of the korean war armistice .  an asia expert calls it `` an early summer charm offensive '' .  north korea 's young leader needs aid due to food shortages before the harvest .  even benefactor china is fed up with north korean tactics that increase regional tensio .
 disabled kids show host draws criticism , praise <sec> bbc says it is receiving complaints about tv host cerrie burnell .  some say burnell , who was born with one hand , is scaring children .  burnell says she wo n't let criticism bother he .
 measuring influence online : a q & a ; with klout 's ceo <sec> klout is a web service that examines online influence based on `` one 's ability to drive action '' .  the most effective means for increasing one 's klout score is consistency .  big things are in store for users this year such as new tools that increase transparenc .
 get ready for other wedding of the year <sec> kardashian 's four-hour-long tv special will air on e ! .  in two parts on october 9-10 .  photographers : a high-quality photo of her in her dress could sell for more than $ 50,000 .  people nabbed the exclusive story and photos for an unknown amoun .
 clinton , rice break bread , discuss top diplomatic job <sec> secretary of state invites sen. hillary clinton to dinner at her washington home .  such dinners allow for exchange of important information , ex-secretary of state says .  bill clinton releases names of sponsors of clinton global initiative in hong kon .
 navy pays a penny to get rid of carrier <sec> the former uss saratoga is to be recycled in texas .  the aircraft carrier served more than 38 years in the navy .  the former uss forrestal was towed to texas for recycling earlier this yea .
 flooding displaces nearly 700 people in nigeria <sec> the flooding began last month in the lagos region .  flood victims will be moved to relief camps .  official asks residents to help limit the damage while water subside .
 amanpour to return to cnn <sec> new : abc : stephanopoulos will return to `` this week , '' continue at `` good morning america '' .  christiane amanpour will host a nightly news broadcast on cnn international .  cnn worldwide president : her return is part of a `` unique arrangement '' with abc news .  amanpour says she is `` thrilled and honored '' by the opportunit .
 marine first u.s. military casualty in isis campaign <sec> marine cpl . .  jordan l. spears , 21 , went missing on wednesday .  `` so there 's no question '' marine 's death related to isis operations , kirby says .  spears has been declared dead by the navy after rescue efforts failed .  his death has not yet been classified , kirby say .
 air force osprey crash at florida base injures five <sec> new : development of the osprey was nearly scrapped in 1989 .  a cv-22 osprey crashed at hurlburt field 's eglin range , the air force says .  five crew members are injured , a spokeswoman says .  the osprey , a tilt-rotor aircraft , flies like a plane and lands like a helicopte .
 jeb bush can win it all ( opinion ) <sec> julian zelizer : jeb bush may be republicans ' strongest candidate for 2016 .  he says bush can get support of gop donors and unite the party .  bush has conservative credentials while also appealing to larger electorate , he says .  he says bush may face opposition over economy and baggage over bush nam .
 kerry : north korea must stop 'bucking history and common sense ' <sec> john kerry says unilateral action by north korea would be too costly .  he says north korea must honor the commitments it has made .  he spoke at the end of a three-day trip focused on denuclearization .  monday is a major holiday in north kore .
 iran out of peace conference on syria , so geneva talks still on <sec> ban is `` deeply disappointed '' by iran 's statements , his spokesman says .  iran says it wo n't attend geneva talks if it has to accept `` preconditions '' .  syrian opposition and the united states had called for iran 's invitation to be rescinded .  the goal of talks is to set up a transitional government to end the violenc .
 lpga tour : 'incredible ' inbee park beats no . 1 lydia ko <sec> inbee park wins lpga tour event in singapore on sunday .  south korean denies no . .  1 lydia ko her third successive victory .  ko finishes second , with former no . .  1 stacey lewis third .  park has now played 92 holes without dropping a sho .
