 cnn student news transcript : december 9 , 2009 <sec> consider why a proposal for unused bailout money is causing controversy .  learn about some security challenges facing u.s. troops in afghanistan .  hear how a program helps young people prepare for green-collar jobs .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 bolivian police mutiny over pay , other issues <sec> bolivian police demand higher pay , pensions .  protests include burning of documents , rock throwing .  the government is in negotiations with the officer .
 favorite on-screen work nemeses <sec> small screen stars take feuds with coworkers to a new level .  jim halpert constantly pulls pranks on dwight schrute in `` the office '' .  rosie o'donnell quit over a feud with elisabeth hasselbeck on `` the view .
 gulf coast beaches update <sec> all of florida 's beaches are open , including tourist hot spots panama city and pensacola .  swimming , fishing not advised in waters from florida-alabama line to perdido key .  health officials have issued advisory against swimming in alabama gulf waters .  oil affecting more than 45 miles of louisiana coast , but most of its coast is unaffecte .
 'dr . phil ' renewed for three more years <sec> `` dr. phil '' has been renewed by stations in 77 % percent of the country through the 2016-17 season .  the show airs on 13 cbs-owned stations , including in the top 5 markets like new york , los angeles , and chicago .  `` i 'm excited to continue my dynamic partnership with leslie moonves and my cbs family , '' dr. phil sai .
 germany 's lahm retires from international football <sec> germany captain philipp lahm retires from international football .  30-year-old will continue to play for club side bayern munich .  lahm made 113 appearances for germany over 10 year international caree .
 vonn crashes to miss out on world cup wins record <sec> elisabeth goergl wins world cup super-g at val d'isere .  beats compatriot and olympic champion anna fenninger into second place .  lindsey vonn crashes out but is not injured .  marcel hirscher claims men 's giant slalom at alta badi .
 mama was n't always right : 9 updated health rules <sec> clean plates are misleading -- let kids stop eating based on appetite , not plate .  children ca n't harm their eyes by sitting close to tv , but can get headaches .  mom was right about this : reading in the dark can cause eyestrai .
 'it 's too darn cold ' : historic freeze brings rare danger warning <sec> new : freeze death toll rises to 15 , most in traffic accidents .  too cold for chicago zoo 's polar bear , but not for some minnesotans .  polar vortex brings deep freeze from great lakes to deep south .  extreme wind chills mean exposed flesh can freeze in as little as five minute .
 australian couple : we were told down 's baby would die <sec> australian couple say they were told male twin , gammy , would die .  boy is now seven months old and in the care of his thai surrogate mother .  couple said they were scared the surrogate would change her mind about the girl .  surrogate accused couple of abandoning down syndrome boy in favor of healthy siste .
 parts of texas town of 1,400 evacuated as fires approach <sec> new : wind-driven fire had grown to 8,000 acres saturday night .  two homes and one business destroyed , hundreds threatened in wheeler .  wind gusts up to 60 mph hampered helicopters and other firefighting vehicle .
 friend of slain lottery winner arrested on accessory charges <sec> dorice moore says she helped manage abraham shakespeare 's lottery winnings .  shakespeare 's remains were recently found buried under concrete slab .  authorities : moore tried to convince shakespeare 's family that he was still aliv .
 bachmann boasts of having a 'titanium spine ' <sec> new : bachmann says she has n't misled anyone despite erroneous statements .  minnesota legislator says her family did n't benefit from almost $ 300,000 in federal funds .  bachmann supports both state rights and a constitutional amendment on gay marriage .  she will announce her candidacy for president on monday in iow .
 michael jackson 's mom must testify again , aeg lawyer says <sec> aeg live lawyers want another chance to question katherine jackson in death trial .  lawyer : jackson 's mom will be asked `` about the absurdity of the damages '' she wants .  judge : any mother would say `` no amount of money would substitute for the loss of a son '' .  wrongful death trial closing arguments could be heard next wee .
 how 'africa 's oprah ' conquered a continent <sec> meet mo abudu , the talk show host portraying a very different africa .  glamorous presenter heads ebony life tv network , based in nigeria .  dubbed the 'african oprah ' due to huge popularity , growing media empire .  born in 1960s britain , struggled against prejudic .
 artist to create massive obama portrait near barcelona beach <sec> cuban-american artist plans to finish work before u.s. elections .  500 tons of material will cover 2.5 acres of beachfront .  democratic presidential candidate is `` larger than life , '' artist says .  project also aims to address issue of `` trying to find heroes .
 adriatic ferry fire : all passengers off ship , 10 dead <sec> death toll rises to 10 after fire on ferry in adriatic sea .  all passengers evacuated ; ship 's commander leaves vessel .  more than 400 people had been on board stricken vesse .
 for hostage warren weinstein 's daughter , bergdahl backlash sparks fear <sec> american aid worker warren weinstein is being held by al qaeda .  alisa weinstein says she 's worried backlash over bergdahl could hurt her father 's case .  she says she wants to know what the u.s. government is doing to bring him home .  `` they have shown with this exchange that ... if they want to , they can do this , '' she say .
 quake survivors pack roads , stores outside hard-hit area <sec> stocks of food , water and gasoline are running thin in the quake zone .  power outages idle japan 's sleek `` bullet trains '' .  transit shutdown paralyzes tokyo after the quak .
 the many challenges of replacing eric holder <sec> attorney general eric holder announced his resignation thursday .  holder is a close friend of president obama .  november elections could complicate the nomination and confirmation process .  white house officials say they 're confident whoever is chosen will have bipartisan suppor .
 sanctions empty tehran 's poshest properties <sec> luxury apartments in tehran are lying empty despite investors looking to buy .  iran 's economy has been heavily affected by international sanctions .  buyers are hoping prices go down and sellers are hoping prices go u .
 pope celebrates mass in angola , preaches reconciliation <sec> new : pope expresses `` deep sorrow '' at deaths in stampede at his saturday event .  about 1 million gather in civil war-torn angola to hear pope benedict xvi .  mass was in english and portuguese , the language of former colonial rulers .  benedict , who has been in africa since tuesday , returns to rome on monda .
 joshua komisarjevsky found guilty in connecticut home invasion case <sec> petit calls the verdict `` a relief , '' describing komisarjevsky as `` a lying sociopathic personality '' .  `` i personally felt this case was a case about sexual predation , '' petit says .  sentencing phase of the trial is set for 10 a.m. edt on oct. 24 .  as the verdict is read , the victims ' family members weep openl .
 hot in harbin : world 's most spectacular winter festival opens <sec> harbin ice and snow festival kicks off january 5 .  festival gets more extravagant each year .  replica of iceland 's hallgrimskirkja church made with 12,000 meters of ice .  fest attendance 28.5 million visitors over past two year .
 russia 's medvedev backs putin for another presidential run <sec> new : putin says medvedev should be the next prime minister if the party is reelected .  putin sets out goals for russia 's economic growth .  putin previously served as president from 2000 to 2008 .  presidential elections will be held in march , after a parliamentary ballot in decembe .
 vladimir putin : why he 's no peacemaker ( opinion ) <sec> yuri yarim-agaev : the west 's response to putin 's ukraine policy has been murky .  he says some are looking to putin as a potential peacemaker in ukraine battle .  author : putin is the cause of the ukraine conflict and should be treated that way .  he says the west needs to take a much firmer stance against russia 's action .
 24 last-minute halloween costumes for kids <sec> make last-minute halloween costumes from cupcake liners and coffee filters .  star-shaped stickers and colored tape can transform regular clothing .  never underestimate the power of felt and pipe cleaners on hallowee .
 miss america , julie chen and the beauty of choice <sec> tv host and anchor julie chen reveals she had plastic surgery to advance her career .  the first indian-american was crowned miss america on a platform of diversity .  aarti virani says both women reflect an evolving american beauty rooted in choic .
 how to help after the superstorm <sec> hurricane sandy wreaked havoc on millions of people as it made landfall monday .  relief groups are working to take care of those affected .  there are ways you can help from wherever you are .  if you choose to donate , make sure the charity is legitimat .
 ashes of 'star trek ' actor on private rocket <sec> james doohan played scotty in the original `` star trek '' television series .  his ashes are among those of 320 people in orbit on a rocket .  the rocket eventually will burn up when it falls back into earth 's atmosphere .  some of mercury 7 astronaut gordon cooper 's ashes also are on boar .
 europe 's best city beaches <sec> european city beach locations may surprise you -- vienna for a swim , anyone ? .  original lido in venice , and much-imitated paris plages seine-side beaches , are highlights .  amsterdam 's urban beach is predictably laid back , with a summer-long part .
 cnn poll : is the u.s. hawkish or dovish ? <sec> a new cnn poll indicates half of americans self-identify as foreign policy doves .  slightly less , 45 % , describe themselves as hawks .  two-thirds of americans still consider president obama a dovish commander in chief .  obama has ordered airstrikes in seven countrie .
 cnn student news - november 20 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 obama : clinton 's 'obliterate ' iran statement too much like bush <sec> hillary clinton earlier in week said the u.s. could `` obliterate '' iran for attacking israel .  obama shot back sunday , saying her stance is like bush 's `` cowboy diplomacy '' .  clinton stood behind her statement , saying iran would face `` massive retaliation '' .  the democratic candidates are sparring hard days before two states primarie .
 uneasy truce in town at heart of central african republic unrest <sec> the number of african union troops will rise from 3,500 to 6,000 , france says .  french troops have arrived in the war-torn northern city of bossangoa .  a ceasefire between rival muslim and christian militias brings some respite there .  aid group medecins sans frontieres says refugees urgently need international hel .
 pentagon proposes training moderate syrian rebels <sec> plan envisions u.s. forces training and equipping only certain members of the syrian opposition .  the idea surfaced after august 21 chemical weapons attack in syria the u.s. blames on regime .  no specifics on troops or other aspects , but officials envision any training taking place near syria .  though , plan has run into trouble as emphasis shifts from military response to diplomatic effor .
 curiosity opening martian frontier ? <sec> meg urry says this weekend , curiosity , nasa 's roving robotic laboratory , landed on mars .  curiosity will try to tell whether there 's been life on mars , where conditions different from earth .  she says curiosity made tricky mars landing , now will take pictures , collect information .  urry : rocks on mars can give up clues about whether any life has existed ther .
 lesson from lincoln : mr. president , you 're talking too much <sec> lincoln did n't even get top billing at gettysburg ceremony honoring civil war dead .  keynoter edward everett spoke for two hours at gettysburg , lincoln for about two minutes .  obama answered a question at a thursday news conference for six full minutes .  modern speeches done by committee show how all writers want to get their points acros .
 sarkozy health scare : what is vasovagal syncope ? <sec> sarkozy 's nerve condition , vasovagal syncope , affects about three percent of people .  it is often associated with stress and anxiety and can lead to low blood pressure .  former u.s. president george w. bush had the condition after choking on a pretze .
 prince harry visits the bahamas <sec> the bahamas is prince harry 's second stop in a 10-day caribbean tour .  the 27-year-old prince is celebrating the diamond jubilee of queen elizabeth ii .  jamaica and brazil are harry 's next two destination .
 man , 37 , arrested in probe of ricin-laced letters in washington state <sec> new : matthew buquet will stay in custody until at least next tuesday , fbi says .  the 37-year-old threatened to `` injure and kill '' a federal judge , an indictment alleges .  tests showed ricin was found with the threatening letter , the fbi says .  he was arrested wednesday afternoon in washington stat .
 old postcard a mystery in the mail <sec> missive from montana mailed in 1962 arrives at destination in 2009 .  ohio recipient determines sender was popular newspaper writer .  mark on card indicates it was recently sold , antiques dealers say .  late correspondent collected quarter of a million cards , niece say .
 bombs dropped near south sudan refugee camp <sec> new : south sudan president accuses sudan of `` military invasion '' .  white house `` strongly condemns '' attack near yida refugee camp .  at least 2 bombs were dropped , says spokesman for u.n. head .  an undetermined number of casualties has resulted , a u.n. official say .
 mighty maze lands crystal globe after meribel victory <sec> tina maze wraps up world cup overall title with nine events still to go .  maze claims eighth win of the season by taking super-combi at meribel .  slovenian set to break the magical 2,000 point barrier for the season .  alexis pinturault of france wins men 's giant slalom in garmisc .
 hingis tests positive for cocaine <sec> martina hingis says she tested positive for cocaine at wimbledon .  the former world number one says she has never taken drugs .  hingis says she is quitting top class tennis for the second tim .
 obama : no one 'more qualified ' than shinseki to head va <sec> obama picks retired gen. eric shinseki for veterans affairs secretary .  shinseki known for stance against rumsfeld on troop numbers to succeed in iraq .  his comments infuriated some bush officials ; he retired a few months late .
 imam decries militias , clashes in sadr city <sec> new : shiite cleric , also a prominent political figure , speaks against violence .  u.s. military : woman who detonated bomb pretended to be pregnant .  u.s. drone crashes in southern iraq , military says .  iraqi lawmakers in tehran to show evidence of iran 's support for militia .
 opinion : the women you do n't know -- yet <sec> march is national women 's month .  four members of congress are pushing for a national women 's history museum .  they say that as the story of our country is told , women have tended to be left out of the tellin .
 nadal crashes out of french open to soderling <sec> four-time defending french open champion rafael nadal crashes out .  top seed beaten in four sets by sweden 's robin soderling in paris .  britain 's andy murray powers into quarterfinals with straight sets wi .
 chicago official asks chick-fil-a to clarify gay marriage stance <sec> a chicago alderman says chick-fil-a 's president contradicts what executives told him .  the alderman says the execs assured him donations to anti-gay groups will stop .  company president dan cathy said friday there is no change in practices .  cathy 's comments on marriage stirred controversy earlier this yea .
 barrios earns world cup place after paraguay switch <sec> argentina-born striker lucas barrios named in paraguay 's 23-man world cup squad .  young mexico midfielder jonathan dos santos misses out on place in world cup squad .  three-cap defender ariel garce named in argentina 's 23-man squad for world cup .  brazil coach dunga omits ronaldinho and adriano from 23-man world cup squa .
 mainz make ground on german leaders <sec> mainz consolidate second place with a 3-0 victory at home to nuremberg .  the club close the gap on bundesliga leaders borussia dortmund to four points .  dortmund host bottom club borussia monchengladbach on saturday .  nuremberg suffer third successive defeat to remain in 10th place in the tabl .
 contractor will have 300 days to search for malaysia flight 370 <sec> australia seeks bids from private companies for next phase of search .  the chosen contractor will have 300 days to cover a vast swath of ocean .  authorities are still determining the exact search area in the indian ocean .  an australian official says he remains `` cautiously optimistic '' the plane will be foun .
 'stormin ' norman ' schwarzkopf , lauded gulf war commander , dies <sec> new : colin powell says schwarzkopf 's leadership inspired a nation .  schwarzkopf once told larry king that he hated war .  schwarzkopf commanded u.s. led-coalition forces during the 1991 gulf war .  he was decorated combat veteran of the vietnam wa .
 police : suspected robber fleeing scene in car kills woman , 3 kids <sec> donta cradock , 18 , allegedly fled scene of motorcycle robbery in silver pontiac .  police chase ends when car hits home , killing latoya smith , 3 kids .  `` he struck with such force that it knocked the concrete steps loose , '' police say .  cradock and accomplice face motorcycle theft charges ; others pendin .
 crowd-funding site kickstarter hacked ; ceo urges password changes <sec> usernames and other information was compromised on kickstarter , the site said .  no credit card information was stolen in the breach , the website said .  law enforcement notified kickstarter of the breach wednesday , a news release sai .
 the changing culture of sxsw interactive <sec> sxsw interactive evolves from small , community-driven event into a huge industry happening .  from 2009 to 2010 , sxsw 's attendance jumped from nearly 11,000 to just under 15,000 .  in 2007 , a tiny service nobody had heard of called twitter used the fest as a launching ground .  as the festival grows , it tries very hard to be both sprawling and intimat .
 behind the scenes : training for a triathlon <sec> `` 6-pack '' had swim strokes and running form analyzed at florida training center .  could you do a 28-mile bike ride ? .  the cnn fit nation team did .  the group also did its first open-water swim in the ocean in new wetsuit .
 desmond tutu cancels travel due to cancer <sec> new : `` these issues are par for the course , '' desmond tutu says on facebook .  the nobel peace prize winner cancels his travel for december ; no word on future plans .  daughter : he 's not in crisis but recovering at home from new medication .  tutu won the nobel peace prize for his part in ending apartheid in south afric .
 was 9/11 safety precaution a flaw ? <sec> juliette kayyem : now we know co-pilot brought down germanwings plane ; this shows need for structural changes to post 9-11 security .  she says airlines must devise new ways to allow secure access to cockpits ; better evaluate mindset of pilots ; rethink what is `` terror .
 boeing 's 787 , as innovative inside as outside <sec> long-awaiting boeing 787 dreamliner promises to `` wow '' passengers , analyst says .  innovative lighting , airy quality , bigger windows , less turbulence among 787 benefits .  airlines may modify features after buying planes , but public should still be pleased .  in nine months , japan 's all nippon airways will start first 787 passenger flight .
 texas executes 500th inmate since 1976 <sec> mccarthy 's thanks her supporters in her last statement .  mccarthy is pronounced dead at 7:37 p.m . .  et , authorities say .  kimberly mccarthy , 52 , was convicted of murdering her 71-year-old neighbor .  texas leads the country in executions , but more states are dropping capital punishmen .
 florida man pleads not guilty in slaying of teen in loud music dispute <sec> michael dunn entered his plea during a hearing monday at the duval county , florida , jail .  dunn case has been compared to the `` stand your ground '' case involving trayvon martin 's death .  `` there are no comparisons to the trayvon martin situation , '' dunn 's lawyer says .  dunn said he felt threatened by the teens , but no guns were found inside their ca .
 fda : female sex drive drug needs more research <sec> flibanserin is a drug that showed positive results in clinical trials .  the fda has declined to approve this drug .  the drug 's promoters have appealed that decision .  the fda requested more study of the dru .
