 george zimmerman trial in death of trayvon martin starts <sec> new : jury selection in the trial of george zimmerman started monday .  he faces a murder charge in the death of 17-year-old trayvon martin .  defense attorneys say zimmerman acted in self-defense .  the case has sparked protests and ignited a national debate about race and gun law .
 after nearing all-time high , gas prices on the decline <sec> the average u.s. price is $ 3.91 per gallon .  that 's a drop of just over 9 cents from may 6 .  the all-time record is $ 4.11 in july 200 .
 casey anthony ordered back to orlando in check fraud case <sec> new : anthony 's lawyer calls the order a `` fraud , '' seeks to disqualify judge .  amended court documents say anthony should report within 72 hours .  she was sentenced to probation in 2010 after pleading guilty to check fraud .  there was an apparent misunderstanding about when the probation was to be serve .
 jason aldean announces burn it down 2015 tour dates <sec> jason aldean announces 2015 dates for burn it down tour .  tour will hit 23 cities , starting in greenville , south carolina , on february 12 .  tyler farr and cole swindell will open for aldea .
 father of missing boys charged with parental kidnapping <sec> new : authorities charge the father of 3 missing boys with parental kidnapping .  investigators say they `` do not anticipate a positive outcome '' for the michigan boys .  police : the boys ' father has no relationship with a mystery woman he describe .
 u.n. panel : sri lankan government attacked civilians <sec> the panel finds that the military shelled civilians in no-fire zones .  the government denounces the report , which was leaked to a newspaper .  the report says both the government and the rebels committed war crimes .  the government fought a long and bloody battle with the tamil tiger .
 schwarzenegger says he 'screwed up , ' hopes to win shriver back <sec> arnold schwarzenegger opens up about the affair with his family 's housekeeper .  the former governor says he still loves maria shriver and wants to win her back .  he describes her as `` the most perfect wife .
 reforming nigeria 's '419 ' email scammers <sec> microsoft organized the 'alternatives to cybercrime ' event in nigeria .  adeolu adewunmi founded street skills to rehab former `` 419 '' email scammers .  '419 ' scammers range from 15-year-olds to the university-educate .
 chelsea seal historic league/cup double <sec> chelsea complete a league and fa cup double after beating portsmouth 1-0 at wembley .  didier drogba 's long-range free-kick proves the difference between the two sides .  the match sees both sides miss penalties and chelsea hit the woodwork five time .
 a sanctuary for malawi 's broken wildlife <sec> each year , thousands of wild animals fall victim to poaching .  the lilongwe wildlife center houses over 200 animal victims .  the center helps rehabilitate animals back into the wil .
 authorities arrest suspected leader of a mexican drug cartel <sec> police say he operated a drug route between mexico and the united states .  the state department has offered a $ 5 million reward for his captur .
 the boys are back : rapping golfers return with 2.oh <sec> the golf boys return with second single `` 2.oh '' .  their first video `` oh , oh , oh '' has nearly six million views on youtube .  group consists of bubba watson , hunter mahan , ben crane and rickie fowler .  proceeds from the video will be donated to the organization `` charity : water .
 ex-president 's funeral warms korea relations <sec> south korea bade farewell to former president kim dae-jung .  kim won the nobel peace prize in 2000 for fostering better relations with the north .  report : top unification officials of the rival nations met saturday .  north korean delegation in seoul to mourn the death of kim dae-jun .
 nyu invites chen to be visiting scholar <sec> new york university wants chinese activist to work with its law programs .  china says chen can apply to study abroad `` like other chinese citizens '' .  u.s. embassy staff had a chance to meet with chen , secretary clinton says .  chen says he wants to go to the united states to `` recuperate .
 guinness record-setting mural offers relief in war-torn syria <sec> world 's largest mural made from recycled materials is 720 square meters .  built by a team of six artists in upscale neighborhood in damascus , syria .  made from broken mirrors , car parts , ceramic and other pieces of scra .
 tabitha karanja : beer boss who took on drinks giant <sec> tabitha karanja is the chief executive of keroche breweries .  the company is the first kenyan-owned beer manufacturer .  karanja calls for a change in culture to help create more female entrepreneur .
 hitler 's art attracts big sale prices <sec> hitler collection sells at auction for almost $ 120,000 .  one painting sold for almost $ 15,000 -- more than six times the expected price .  auction in shropshire , england includes nazi memorabili .
 controversy surrounds obama 's faith office <sec> bush faith office allowed religious groups to discriminate in hiring .  during campaign , obama said federal money should n't go to discriminatory groups .  obama faith office 's position on the issue is unclear so far .  religious , secular groups take stands on both side .
 jaded no . 1 azarenka crashes out of french open <sec> top-ranked victoria azarenka beaten in last-16 clash by slovakia 's dominika cibulkova .  world no . .  1 loses to the 15th seed for only the second time in nine encounters .  cibulkova , a semifinalist in 2009 , will next face u.s. open champion sam stosur .  german 10th seed angelique kerber also in last eight along with italy 's sara erran .
 why we 're all stuck in the digital transit zone with snowden <sec> snowden is stuck in the transit zone in moscow , watched by russian security services .  keen : presumably it is his fate to be watched for the rest of his life wherever he ends up .  keen says we are with him , as we embrace devices that monitor all our activitie .
 opinion : 'how do you know who to discriminate against ? ' <sec> mississippi is the latest state to consider a `` gay jim crow '' law .  sutter : ignorance and fear promote that sort of legislation .  he says proponents would rather think of gay people as invisibl .
 octuplets ' births surprise california doctors <sec> babies may be u.s. 's second set of live-born octuplets , california hospital says .  doctors expected seven babies , did n't know of eighth until delivery .  octuplets delivered by caesarean section monday morning .  three require breathing assistance ; next seven days will be critical , doctor say .
 abducted mexican mayor 's body found , government says <sec> new : his bound and blindfolded body was found with signs of torture , notimex says .  edelmiro cavazos leal was kidnapped early monday , officials say .  nuevo leon state has been the site of much drug cartel violence .  mexican president felipe calderon lamented the mayor 's slayin .
 is crimea gone ? annexation no longer the focus of ukraine crisis - cnnpolitics.com <sec> secretary of state kerry cites defusing tensions and setting up talks as goals .  kerry does n't mention crimea by name after meeting with russian counterpart .  russian troops near the ukraine border now the main topic .  kerry 's bottom line : `` no decisions about ukraine without ukraine .
 stakes rise as drug war threatens to cross border <sec> sinaloa , gulf cartels battle for control of drug routes across u.s. border .  the turf war has spurred record death tolls with gunbattles , beheadings .  u.s. is doubling number of agents at border , spending $ 700 million .  agents , analysts compare situation to '90s battle against colombian cartel .
 cavendish chasing down 'the cannibal ' <sec> mark cavendish won the fifth stage of the 2013 tour de france .  cavendish has now won 24 stages -- 10 fewer than record holder eddy merckx .  australia 's simon gerrans retained yellow jerse .
 analysis : why gun controls are off the agenda in america <sec> another month , another shooting spree in in the u.s . .  but after previous murderous rampage , american attitudes do n't change much .  americans are most heavily armed people per capita , with yemen a distant second .  mann : world thinks of u.s. when apparently ordinary people use guns for grotesque violenc .
 'race row ' nobel winner suspended <sec> nobel laureate biologist james watson suspended from job after comments .  watson said in interview that black people less intelligent than whites .  he has apologized for the controversial remarks , denounced as racis .
 police seek killer in coastal carolina university shooting <sec> police say they do n't yet have a suspect or a description of one .  counselors and ministers are on hand as classes resume , school says .  anthony darnell liddell , 19 , died tuesday in the shooting at coastal carolina universit .
 turkish troops bomb northern iraq after pkk clashes <sec> air operation was conducted on the pkk 's `` hiding positions '' .  pkk , kurdistan workers ' party , said it sustained no casualties in the operation .  air attack follows clashes blamed on pkk that killed at least 15 turkish soldiers .  the central iraqi government has labeled the pkk a terrorist organizatio .
 ireporters share memories of meeting desmond tutu <sec> ireporters wish desmond tutu a happy 80th birthday .  many share their memories and pictures of the charismatic peace activist .  tutu is remembered for his `` kindness '' and `` sense of humor .
 patient exposed to ebola arrives in u.s . <sec> new : nih is testing ebola vaccine , now has patient who was exposed to the virus .  patient is a u.s. doctor who volunteered in ebola treatment center in sierra leone .  the doctor is at the clinic for observation , research and will be in isolation .  nih says safety measures are in place to protect other patients and the publi .
 oldest known bible goes online <sec> handwritten codex sinaiticus is more than 1,600 years old .  includes two books not part of official new testament .  discovered in a monastery in sinai desert in egypt more than 160 years ago .  scholar named constantine tischendorf recognized its significance in 184 .
 lapd to review firing of ex-cop it 's hunting <sec> `` i do this not to appease a murderer . .  i do it to reassure the public , '' the chief says .  in his manifesto , dorner claims racism in the police department cost him his job .  the search for dorner in the san bernardino mountains entered its fourth day .  border agents are searching cars crossing into mexico for signs of dorne .
 uk girls get nine months for ghana drugs <sec> british teens sentenced to nine months in prison for trying to smuggle cocaine .  the duo , both 16 , were arrested in ghana on july 2 , 2007 at accra 's airport .  girls unlikely to serve whole sentence as have been in jail more than 6 month .
 obamacare will help drive down health care costs <sec> the supreme court has upheld the constitutionality of the individual mandate .  jill horwitz and helen levy : now it 's time to focus on key goal of controlling health care costs .  affordable care act contains provisions that can improve health care system , they say .  horwitz , levy : court 's decision opens a new chapter in our history as we try out new polic .
 official : american arrested in syria <sec> new : consular access has not been provided , a state department official says .  abdelkader chaar , 22 , is a medical student in syria , says his uncle .  the family has not been told why chaar was arrested .  the united states is in touch with syrian authoritie .
 mississippi mayor , wife arrested on katrina fraud charges <sec> gulfport , mississippi , mayor `` will continue working to rebuild our city '' .  mayor gregory brent warr , says he pleaded not guilty .  indictment : couple received $ 222,798 `` for which the defendants are liable '' .  couple , released on bond and ordered to court april 6 , face up to 210 year .
 2 kidnapped syrian bishops remain missing <sec> two prominent syrian orthodox bishops have been missing for two days .  the opposition and the government each blame others for the kidnapping .  another bishop tells the vatican news service that money , not politics , is the motivatio .
 key questions about rick perry 's border plan <sec> texas gov . .  rick perry is deploying national guard troops to the border .  former heads of border patrol and the national guard say the plan will have limited impact .  the plan is expected to cost texas taxpayers $ 12 million per mont .
 ten years and $ 489m on , amsterdam 's rijksmuseum reopens <sec> amsterdam 's rijksmuseum reopens after a 10-year , $ 489 million rebuilding project .  queen beatrix of the netherlands opens gallery -- one of her final duties before abdicating .  the new-look rijksmuseum showcases 8,000 works of art spanning 800 years of dutch history .  at its heart is rembrandt 's `` night watch , '' which the original museum was built aroun .
 preview of jackson documentary premieres sunday <sec> star 's sister janet will help open mtv awards show , in celebration of his life .  fans can also preview documentary online .  film will be shown worldwide for two weeks starting in octobe .
 snow , rising waters usher in spring in parts of midwest <sec> red river waters forecast to rise another foot this weekend in minnesota , north dakota .  state of emergency declared in oklahoma in anticipation of snow storm , governor 's office says .  meteorologists forecast 2 to 6 inches in the texas , oklahoma panhandles through saturda .
 steve jobs ' e-mail to fan : 'life is fragile ' <sec> steve jobs was n't always forthcoming about his health issues .  near the end , he began to speak more openly about death in e-mails .  apple co-founder said throughout his life that he did not fear deat .
 vergara , upton top 'most desirable ' list <sec> sofia vergara tops askmen.com 's 2012 list of most desirable women .  kate upton and rooney mara ranked second and third .  angelina jolie and jennifer aniston did not make the list this yea .
 israeli settlers burn palestinian home , cars <sec> after 3 illegal shacks removed , settlers get violent , police say .  police stoned , roads blocked , tires burned .  palestinian official asks for international hel .
 clinton visits young nation of east timor , misses husband 's speech <sec> east timor is a young country still facing economic and political challenges .  clinton is the first u.s. secretary of state to visit since independence .  her schedule means she misses her husband 's democratic convention speech .  she is in east timor after a difficult visit to china on tuesday and wednesda .
 ryan o'neal : andy warhol portrait of farrah fawcett 'is mine ' <sec> farrah fawcett left her art collection to her alma mater , the university of texas .  university is suing ryan o'neal for an andy warhol portrait of fawcett .  actor testifies the portrait belongs to him and is countersuing the university .  jury hears about `` falling out '' after fawcett found o'neal in bed with another woma .
 stephen baldwin fights kevin costner in court <sec> baldwin says costner , others tricked him into selling stock just before its value would rise .  bp placed $ 52 million order for oil separators 4 days after baldwin committed to selling his stock .  costner 's company developed the machines to separate spilled oil from water in the 1990s .  both actors must attend each day of the federal tria .
 in yemen , u.s. citizen killed by mortar strike <sec> jamal al-labani is believed to be the first american killed in current violence in yemen .  he was on his way back from mosque prayers when he was hit in the back by shrapnel , his family said .  he went to yemen in february in hopes of bringing his wife and baby back to the u.s .
 twitter bumps up log-in security after hacks <sec> twitter has added a two-step login option to make users ' accounts more secure .  the move comes after multiple high-profile hacks .  the ap , burger king , jeep and the wall street journal are among recent hacking victims .  security pro says many of those targeted wo n't use the new too .
 new heart , new hope : golfer compton achieves pga tour dream <sec> golfer erik compton will tee off as a fully-fledged pga tour member on thursday .  compton has already had two heart transplants but has still reached top of the sport .  he won the mexico open in 2011 to seal his lifelong dream of playing on the pga tour .  compton says golf has helped keep him alive through his many years of health problem .
 cnn exclusive : photos show reeva steenkamp 's transformation <sec> pictures show reeva steenkamp as aspiring model and established cover girl .  friend and photographer says early images show steenkamp 's `` natural beauty '' .  later picture shows steenkamp 's very personal tattoo , `` only god will judge me '' .  steenkamp shot dead by boyfriend oscar pistorius ; he says he mistook her for intrude .
 search for missing d.c. girl intensifies <sec> police search park where man at center of probe was seen .  8-year-old relisha tenau rudd disappeared last week from a homeless shelter .  an arrest warrant was issued for kahlil malik tatum , who is wanted in wife 's murde .
 prosecutor : what elizabeth smart would say <sec> new : the appeals court lifts the stay , denying the defense request for a mistrial .  it 's unclear when the trial will resume .  smart has not extensively discussed the details of her captivity .  the prosecutor says she was raped daily and degrade .
 monument to bush shoe-throwing shines at iraqi orphanage <sec> fiberglass , copper sculpture of shoe thrown at former president bush unveiled .  orphans help artist build the $ 5,000 sculpture displayed at the orphanage .  director : monument is a gift to next generation to remember heroic action .  orphans who helped build shoe `` were the victims of bush 's war , '' director say .
 at comic-con , movies go big or go home <sec> fans preview entire movie `` scott pilgrim vs. the world , '' at comic-con .  movie studios are employing dancing girls , scavenger hunts , iphone apps and more .  the `` harry potter '' franchise will make first appearance at comic-con this yea .
 mandela family grave spat : grandson out of legal hot water <sec> report : nelson mandela grandson admitted to reburying mandela 's deceased children .  16 family members filed charges and had the remains transferred to nelson mandela 's property .  mandla mandela was also charged with bigamy , south africa press agency reported .  sapa : prosecutors dropped all charges , citing lack of evidenc .
 taliban claim responsibility for bomb plot against pakistan tv anchor <sec> new : the pakistani taliban say they planted the bomb .  a bag containing explosives is found attached to hamid mir 's car .  he is an anchor on the television station geo tv 's prime time broadcast .  `` i will not stop telling the truth , '' mir says following the attemp .
 rnc chairman condemns controversial obama song <sec> rnc chairman mike duncan says he is shocked by `` barack the magic negro '' .  duncan says controversy `` clearly does not move us in the right direction '' .  campaign advisor chip saltsman sent cd to rnc members for christmas .  saltsman is running to replace duncan as leader of republican part .
 sick skipping care because of cost , survey says <sec> survey finds 24 % of respondents skip medical care when they 're sick or injured .  largest groups affected by high prices : uninsured and people between 28 and 44 .  deloitte survey also finds people shopping around for best prices .  other trends : walk-in clinics in drug stores and medical tourism in cheaper nation .
 disgruntled workers tell how they quit jobs <sec> a jetblue flight attendant quit his job by yelling profanities and sliding down the plane 's emergency chute .  the attendant , steven slater , is being hailed as a hero by some people .  cnn readers and ireporters shared their stories about quitting .  some of the quitters simply walked out during their shift .
 world 's tallest water slide finally open <sec> world 's tallest water slide to open in kansas city , kansas .  it features a 168-foot plunge with top speeds of 50 miles per hour .  head designer : `` it was great fun , but it was actually terrifying . .
 five myths about your gasoline taxes <sec> shin-pei tsay and deborah gordon : infrastructure suffers from congressional inaction .  gas tax funds range of economy-bolstering transportation projects , they say .  the gas tax is a good way to invest in america , they sa .
