 report gives answers to mass bird deaths in arkansas <sec> as many as 5,000 birds fell out of the sky in beebe , arkansas .  experts say the red-winged blackbirds died of blunt force trauma .  in an unrelated case , 500 birds died in a nearby cit .
 guatemala 's anti-impunity commissioner thinks big <sec> ivan velasquez is the new commissioner for a u.n.-backed anti-impunity commission .  he vows to go after ties between drug traffickers and political parties .  velasquez did the same as a judge in colombia .  his work makes some officials uncomfortabl .
 anti-isis coalition grows , but challenges remain <sec> new : airstrikes happening in syria and iraq , u.s. defense official says .  denmark joins anti-isis coalition , which now includes more than 50 countries .  the fight may last years , say british prime minister and u.s. officials .  experts : airstrikes so far have been successful , though isis has likely adapte .
 how to grow the perfect tomatoes <sec> all-america selections tests new tomato varieties all across the country .  tomatoes grow best in full sun and well-drained soil rich in organic matter .  wide spaces between plants assure air circulation and discourage diseases .  tomato plants need 1 to 1 ½ inches of water weekly , if not supplied by rai .
 malawi : deadly floods menace tens of thousands <sec> flooding in malawi has forced 200,000 people from their homes , aid organization says .  estimates of the number killed in the floods range from dozens to more than 170 .  another tropical cyclone due to arrive sunday could bring greater floodin .
 u.s. , japan , south korea to meet soon over crisis <sec> new : white house spokesman says china has an obligation to rein in north korea .  government ministers from south korea and japan will attend the december meeting .  china has also proposed resumed six-party talks .  north korea says current military drills could lead to `` all-out war any time .
 telling kids about past drug use : good or bad idea ? <sec> president obama told a group of teens he got high when he was their age .  we asked parents if they would tell their kids about their drug and alcohol use .  many parents said they 'd be honest , especially if family has a history of addiction .  how much to share is an individual decision , one parenting expert sai .
 'baby joseph ' transferred to u.s. hospital <sec> the child has a deteriorating neurological condition .  his canadian doctor and his parents disagreed on his treatment .  the case attracted the attention of pro-life group .
 feds allowed grenade parts across border <sec> prosecutors allowed grenade parts to flow across the border with mexico , according to a new ig report .  mexican and u.s. authorities planned a sting , but lost track of the suspect who sold the grenade parts .  grenade hulls were used in violent attacks by mexican cartels , but are available in the u.s. in military supply store .
 the 'silent victims ' of incarceration : coping with parents in prison <sec> more than 2.7 million children in america live with a parent in prison , says a recent study .  in some countries , children even have to live in prison with their parents .  these children often become depressed and angry ; some repeat the cycle of crime .  top 10 cnn hero pushpa basnet and others are reaching out to support these kid .
 hackers pirate pbs website , post fake story about tupac still alive <sec> new : a group creates a pbs.org page titled `` free bradley manning . .  ( expletive ) frontline ! '' .  the group admits to hacking into pbs servers after watching `` wikisecrets '' .  the lulz boat also posts the purported passwords of journalists and pbs station information .  pbs acknowledges the hack monday mornin .
 4 things christie said the morning after the midterms <sec> chris christie appeared on five morning news shows on wednesday .  he leads a campaign group that works to elect gop governors , which had big success tuesday .  christie said he still has n't made a decision on 201 .
 canine competitor 'poisoned ' at crufts dog show <sec> three-year-old irish setter jagger died suddenly after competing at crufts dog show .  an autopsy revealed poison sewn into cubes of beef in his stomach .  `` we ca n't fathom why anyone would do this , '' owner-breeder dee milligan-bott tells cn .
 japanese mayor apologizes to u.s. over sex industry suggestion <sec> toru hashimoto does n't apologize for his `` comfort women '' comments .  he says they were taken out of context .  he retracts a remark urging u.s. military personnel in japan to use the sex industry more .  his comments this month provoked international outrag .
 elizabeth warren : middle class falling behind <sec> elizabeth warren : u.s. middle class , once richest in world , has fallen behind other nations .  warren : washington puts rich and powerful first and leaves working people behind .  minimum wage is n't enough to keep employed mom and baby out of poverty , she says .  warren : we strengthened the middle class before and can do it again by putting people firs .
 leaked cable suggests american diplomats told to gather intelligence <sec> cable : clinton directed diplomats to ascertain names , addresses and credit card numbers .  the cable was sent to 33 embassies and some u.n. mission offices .  state department denies diplomats were doing double dut .
 'avengers ' stars apologize after sexist joke <sec> chris evans and jeremy renner get in hot water after a joke made about `` avengers '' character black widow .  renner called scarlett johansson 's character a `` slut '' and evans referred to her as a `` whore '' .  the actors issued an apology on thursda .
 investigation narrows in case of missing texas cheerleader <sec> polly klaas ' father joins search for teen .  hailey dunn , 13 , has been missing since december .  her mother 's boyfriend is the focus of the investigation .  both mother , boyfriend have failed polygraph test .
 hollywood reporting legend army archerd dies <sec> army archerd died of a rare form of mesothelioma , a type of lung cancer .  he was the first journalist honored with a star on the hollywood walk of fame .  archerd was president and founder of the hollywood press club .  he began writing for daily variety in 195 .
 slum tourism : visitors see the 'real ' jakarta <sec> ronny poluan leads tours of a jakarta slum to show visitors the 'real ' capital .  tours cost about $ 34 -- half of that goes to poluan , the other half to the locals .  some critics say the tours exploit the poor and teach them to rely on handouts .  tour covers a market , soy bean cake and tofu factories , meeting resident .
 putin arrives in crimea for victory day amid ukraine crisis <sec> health officials say at least seven people killed and 39 more injured in clashes in mariupol .  ukraine 's acting interior minister says about 20 militants killed , 4 detained in mariupol .  `` we will overcome all the difficulties , '' says russian president vladimir putin .  putin watches as warships and military aircraft take part in displays in sevastopol , crime .
 obama flies to europe with a warning for putin <sec> obama 's trip is meant to reassure eastern europe that putin does n't have free pass .  militant islamists ' gains in iraq and syria also cause for concern for nato members .  summit was originally scheduled to address afghanistan 's future when troops leav .
 search for airasia flight qz8501 slowed by weather <sec> seven bodies recovered ; 2 have arrived in the city where the plane began its journey .  an official says sonar may have found wreckage ; search chief says plane not found yet .  strong wind , heavy rain and big waves hamper search operation .  the wreckage is `` soul destroying , '' airasia ceo say .
 media meanness : when the nastiness goes too far <sec> howard kurtz : ny times ' slash-and-burn review of restaurant fed appetite for meanness .  he says media , politicians take advantage of public 's interest in nasty attacks .  kurtz : public figures from donald trump to members of congress revel in nastiness .  he says media players such as bill o'reilly , rush limbaugh , ed schultz take par .
 germany 's mighty mittelstand <sec> the mittelstand is the german name for the country 's 3.5 million small and medium sized businesses .  these often family owned companies currently make up around 60 % of the german workforce .  most mittelstand companies tend to produce niche products for the manufacturing and engineering market .
 police arrest sixth member of family accused of child sex abuse <sec> new : darrel mohler , another relative , charged with two counts of rape friday .  five relatives were arrested tuesday after six people accused them of abuse .  more alleged victims have come forward since initial arrests , police say .  allegations date from the mid-1980s through at least the mid-'90s , the sheriff sai .
 this dude looks like ( famous ) ladies <sec> paolo ballesteros is an actor and makeup artist .  he hosts the filipino show `` eat bulaga '' .  his instagram account has more than 750,000 follower .
 what iran talks critics get wrong ( opinion ) <sec> talks are continuing over iran 's nuclear program .  jacqueline shire : a nuclear deal is just the beginnin .
 opinion : an accident , then war with north korea ? <sec> wesley clark : what if war is triggered by accident or some kind of miscalculation ? .  clark : the recent bellicose rhetoric from north korea raises the possibility .  however , north korea has a history of using extreme words to scare opponents .  clark : the u.s. and south korean deterrent remains strong ; odds are there wo n't be wa .
 activist : rape of women , girls a weapon of war in congo <sec> human rights watch : 200,000 women , girls raped in eastern congo since 1998 .  condition of women more dire as the army fights armed groups in the country .  more than 5 million die in congo from disease , hunger resulting from fighting .  congo has taken some measures to try to curb the sexual violenc .
 florida sheriff : son decapitated mother over 'nagging ' <sec> florida man calls 911 to report his brother just decapitated their mother .  police found maria suarez cassagne 's decapitated body alongside garbage cans .  sheriff 's office said son was angry over mother 's `` nagging .
 california may have to cut prison population by 40 percent <sec> overcrowding has created unconstitutional conditions , judges conclude .  gov . .  arnold schwarzenegger immediately promised to appeal the case .  those who would be released would be very low risk , says head of prison law offic .
 the $ 200m match decided by defensive error as qpr back in epl <sec> queens park rangers promoted to english premier league .  10-man qpr beats derby county 1-0 in playoff at wembley .  bobby zamora scores injury time winner .  game reputed to be worth $ 200m to the winne .
 british company : we did n't bug ecuador 's embassy <sec> ceo : accusations that a company bugged ecuador 's embassy are `` completely untrue '' .  ecuador says a hidden recording device was found inside its london embassy .  the `` spy microphone '' was placed in an electrical outlet , the foreign minister says .  he calls for british authorities to assist in ecuador 's investigatio .
 pakistan seeks 3 in malala shooting , minister says <sec> pakistan 's interior minister says teen activist 's assailants were `` two young boys '' .  `` obviously , they had done their homework , '' malik says .  malala yousufzai is recovering from a head wound in a british hospital .  malik calls her `` the pride of pakistan .
 valentine 's day , by the numbers <sec> will you buy cards , flowers , candy or jewelry for valentine 's day ? .  in south korea and japan , women give men candy on valentine 's day .  6 million people are expecting or planning a valentine 's day marriage proposa .
 police : n.y. man attacks daughter with acid <sec> jerome lynch is accused of throwing acid in his daughter 's face .  she reportedly suffered burns over 50 % of her body .  a motive for the attack is unknown , says the man 's niec .
 new york public schools to have muslim holidays off <sec> school chief : muslim families should n't have to weigh school vs. religious observances .  bill de blasio had pledged to change the school calendar during his mayoral campaign .  new york city 's public schools already observe jewish and christian holiday .
 gadhafi killed in crossfire after capture , libyan pm says <sec> libyan prince happy there is now a `` free country '' .  government wanted gadhafi to be taken alive , diplomat tells cnn .  anti-gadhafi messages spray painted at pipe where he was found .  libyan liberation to be formally announced saturda .
 cold temps further endanger florida 's manatees <sec> cold has killed at least 5 percent of west indies manatees this year , 280 in all .  wildlife official : manatees ca n't cope when water is colder than 68 degrees .  manatee are already endangered , and 2009 known deaths were a record 429 .  necropsy lab official says she fears more may die in spring from lingering effects of col .
 impressive porto power through to europa league semis <sec> portugal have three teams through to the semifinals of the europa league .  porto lead the way with a 5-2 thrashing of spartak moscow for a 10-3 aggregate win .  villarreal are the only non-portuguese side through after they thrashed fc twente .  braga and benfica will face each other in an all-portuguese semifinal clas .
 red cross worker remembers japan 's vulnerable survivors <sec> francis markus worked for the ifrc in japan after the march 11 earthquake and tsunami .  recognized the elderly were perhaps the most vulnerable of the survivors .  many had been evacuated from area around quake-damaged fukushima nuclear plant .  much frustration over when they will be able to move from temporary housing complexe .
 pakistan foils suicide terror plot , minister says <sec> new : suicide bomber in northwestern pakistan kills at least three , authorities say .  new : suspect blew himself up after running out of bullets in gunfight , police say .  pakistani authorities say they stopped plot on government buildings .  three men plotted to carry out attacks , says interior minister rehman mali .
 miami manager guillen returns to dugout after 5-game suspension <sec> `` it 's been a tough couple of days , '' miami manager ozzie guillen tells reporters .  guillen had been suspended by the marlins for comments he made praising fidel castro .  anti-castro sentiment is strong in miami 's cuban-american population .  at gametime , fans seem more focused on baseball , not controvers .
 f1 'spygate ' : $ 100m fine for mclaren <sec> mclaren fined $ 100m and docked of all world championship points for 2007 .  mclaren ordered to submit details of its 2008 car to the fia for scrutiny .  mclaren to launch appeal , subject to content of fia statement .  mclaren drivers allowed to keep their championship point .
 high court refuses to hear appeal of woman on death row <sec> british woman asserts her innocence ; her legal team calls her original trial flawed .  linda carty made public plea to british citizens , asking them to intervene .  state corrections officials can now proceed with setting an execution dat .
 greek leader suggests political extremists set fires <sec> new : greek government declares a state of emergency for the entire country .  new : death toll revised to 44 for fires sweeping southern greece .  european union says 30 member countries have offered hel .
 priest in gay porn probe leaves parish <sec> father martin mcveigh says he showed `` offending imagery '' to parents .  parents said they were `` horrified '' and demanded action against him .  he will take a sabbatical leave before returning to another parish .  the irish catholic church is accused of abusing children over many decade .
 canadian lawmakers vote to dissolve government , call elections <sec> the house of commons votes 156-145 in favor of a no-confidence motion .  the vote means the nation 's conservative government will be dissolved .  elections will be held to form a new governmen .
 stylish federer brushes murray aside <sec> roger federer brushes andy murray aside 6-4 6-2 in atp world tour final group match .  world number two goes top of group b ; soderling and ferrer play tonigh .
 opinion : does hillary clinton have to be so boring ? <sec> sally kohn : at cnn 's town hall , hillary clinton was cautious and at times compelling .  she says the former secretary of state took a centrist stance at odds with growing populism .  kohn says she does n't find clinton 's points of view exciting or inspiring , as were obama 's .  kohn : being safe might be the price of winning the white house for clinto .
 better safe than sorry or # snowperbole ? <sec> some americans fear a `` crying wolf '' effect .  `` better safe than sorry , '' new york mayor bill de blasio says .  a cnn meteorologist explains what the forecasts left ou .
 memorial day marks ties between uss cole attack and 9/11 <sec> storied navy destroyer visits new york for first time since 2000 suicide bombing .  al qaeda operation killed 17 sailors and wounded 37 more in yemeni port .  eleven months later , al qaeda destroys new york 's world trade center .  commander dennis farrell : `` we stand on the shoulders of those who came before us .
 women take lead in building mosque in turkey <sec> for possibly first time in history , women take lead in building mosque in turkey .  one of leaders of project to build sakirin mosque is decorator zeynep fadillioglu .  sakirin mosque was commissioned by wealthy turkish arab famil .
 is north korean leader kim jong un lying low ? <sec> north korean state tv says kim jong un is `` suffering from discomfort '' .  north korea 's kim jong un does not attend a prominent state meeting .  speculations are rampant that kim has health problems because of his limping .  kcna shows that kim 's last public appearance was on september .
 spain arrests four accused of attempting to export equipment to iran <sec> officials say technology could be used to make missile parts or enrich uranium .  sanctions prohibit export of certain machinery to iran .  iranian , three spaniards face charges and possible prison sentence .
 clinton : new israeli settlements a 'set back ' for peace with palestinians <sec> new : the uk calls israeli settlements in the west bank and east jerusalem illegal .  new : israel has approved construction and zoning for future construction , an official says .  secretary of state hillary clinton says u.s. position on new israeli settlement is clear .  she says they `` set back the cause of a negotiated peace .
 u.s. ca n't force democracy on egypt <sec> anthony cordesman : democracy needs experienced political parties and leaders .  cordesman : egypt had no real democratic center at the ready to make democracy work .  cutting off u.s. aid to egypt wo n't be that significant to the military , cordesman writes .  he says the u.s. needs to help develop democracy that comes from within egyp .
 oldest world war ii vet richard overton , 107 , honored by obama <sec> richard overton , 107 , volunteered in world war ii and went to pacific islands .  president obama , audience of 4,000 honor overton at arlington national cemetery .  overton has his vices : `` i drink whisky in my coffee . .  sometimes i drink it straight .
 summer in lapland , land of the midnight sun <sec> the sub-arctic region of lapland is not as unusual a summer destination as it might seem .  between may and august the otherwise inhospitable terrain opens up with green expanses and midnight sun .  skiing in shorts and t-shirt , sleeping in an ice hotel and 24-hour golf among reasons to visi .
 nato names october 31 as early end date for libyan mission <sec> `` we did what we said we would do , '' nato chief says .  a decision on a definitive end date will be made next week .  nato confirms a strike by its aircraft likely contributed to gadhafi 's capture .  officials : coalition forces ' seven-month mission is drawing to an en .
 commentary : leadership key to preventing genocide <sec> madeleine albright , william cohen co-chair genocide prevention task force .  the panel 's final report will be released next week after a year of work .  leadership indispensable in preventing genocide , albright and cohen say .  also key : early warning , preventive diplomacy , military , international action , they sa .
 q & a ; : 'my brother my sister ' <sec> molly haskell recounts her brother 's transformation into a woman in her new memoir .  ellen hampton , formerly john `` chevey '' haskell , came out as transgender at age 59 .  hampton had facial reconstruction and gender reassignment surgery .  haskell says there was emotional fallout , but their relationship stayed clos .
 opinion : is chris christie presidential ? <sec> gloria borger : on paper , christie seemed a strong candidate for 2016 .  she says george washington bridge scandal raises questions about his temperament .  every major politician has enemies , but issue is how you deal with them , she says .  borger : if christie is perceived as vindictive , that weakens his claim to presidential calibe .
