 peter king : the man behind muslim hearings <sec> rep. peter king is chairman of the house homeland security committee .  he is holding controversial hearings regarding muslims in the united states .  the hearings focus on what king calls the radicalization of muslims in the u.s . .  `` these hearings are absolutely essential , '' king say .
 cdc investigating salmonella outbreak in 42 states <sec> at least 388 people infected with strain of salmonella since september 3 .  type of salmonella called typhimurium hospitalized approximately 69 people .  cdc has not identified what food or foods might be causing this outbreak .  consumers urged to thoroughly cook meat , poultry and eggs , wash produc .
 india 's hazare begins anti-corruption fast after leaving jail <sec> new : anna hazare begins a hunger strike in front of big crowds in new delhi .  the veteran anti-corruption activist refused to leave jail until police conditions were eased .  he is holding the two-week hunger strike as part of an anti-corruption protest .  campaigners want tougher legislation to deal with graft indians face in daily lif .
 nation 's bridges , roads still 'structurally deficient ' <sec> mercedes gorden was driving across the i-35w bridge when it collapsed in 2007 .  group : repairs would cost nearly $ 10 billion every year for the next 20 years .  transportation secretary : federal approach to transportation is broken .  minnesota has spent $ 390 million repairing , replacing bridges , mndot say .
 george lucas ties the knot <sec> george lucas and mellody hobson wed .  a representative for lucas says they married at skywalker ranch in california .  in a twitter post , actor ron howard describes the wedding as `` beautiful .
 freelance cameraman provides a rare glimpse into homs <sec> cameraman gives a rare glimpse of fighting in the city of homs .  `` my eye ! .  my eye ! '' .  shouts a wounded man .  estimates put military defectors ' strength at more than 1,000 in hom .
 beauty and the trash in india <sec> students from university of southern california go to india to improve quality of life .  team teaches locals how to prevent oral cancer , one of top 3 cancers in india .  littering a problem for old and young in india , says student .  student believes in teaching youth about proper trash disposa .
 the cyber warrior 'princess ' who guards google <sec> parisa tabriz is the 31-year-old computer whizz paid to hack into google .  the self-styled 'security princess ' finds bugs in the software before attacker .
 miley upholds mtv vmas tradition <sec> miley cyrus stunned viewers at sunday 's mtv vmas .  but the 20-year-old is far from the first to pull off such a stunt .  the vmas are known for their outlandish performances .  and , cyrus has increasingly worked to shed her disney imag .
 fall tv fashion : outfitting 'revenge ' <sec> costume designer jill ohanneson outfits the cast of abc 's `` revenge '' .  ohanneson : emily and victoria sometimes have 10 changes each per episode .  a lot of modifying takes place -- from necklines to sleeve lengths , ohanneson sai .
 scolari `` obliged '' to win world cup for brazil <sec> luiz felipe scolari returns for a second spell as brazil coach .  scolari led brazil to victory at the 2002 world cup in japan and south korea .  the former portugal coach replaces the sacked mano manezes .  usa 94 winning coach carlos alberto parreira also returns as technical directo .
 'action plan ' to boost bangladeshis ' worker safety is unveiled <sec> a labor package is to be submitted to parliament .  garment factories are to be inspected .  hundreds more inspectors are to be hire .
 second oarfish washes ashore in california <sec> the first oarfish carcass was found off catalina island october 13 .  a dead 14-foot-long oarfish washes ashore in oceanside , california , on friday .  noaa scientists take the second carcass for study .  sightings of the huge deep-sea creatures are rar .
 q & a ; : why zimbabwe elections matter <sec> zimbabweans head to the polls in a hotly-contested election .  president robert mugabe seeks to extend his 33-year rule .  his main rival is the current prime minister morgan tsvangirai .  results of the election are expected within five day .
 prince philip gets birthday visit from the queen <sec> britain 's prince philip turned 92 on monday .  a palace spokesman said he was doing well after abdominal surgery .  he 's been hospitalized several times recently , including for bladder infection .
 prognosis 'uncertain ' for fall victim at boston 's fenway park <sec> elisabeth scotland remains in serious condition after fall at boston 's fenway park .  a lawyer for her family says `` her prognosis is uncertain '' .  scotland fell at red sox game on the day of her graduation from boston universit .
 doctor tells youssif : we 'll make you a lot better <sec> burned iraqi boy will undergo eight to 10 surgeries in coming months .  youssif 's medical treatment in california follows cnn story about him .  youssif remains cautious around doctor but eventually warms up .  by the end of first visit , the boy , 5 , and doctor shake hand .
 world cup : police probe after fan breaches england dressing room <sec> england 's fa complains after fan enters team 's dressing room .  'no serious harm done , ' england official says .  princes william and harry had just left the room , reports say .  south african police are investigatin .
 oprah , ashton kutcher mark twitter 'turning point ' <sec> new : ashton kutcher : `` it 's really about everyday people having a voice '' .  new : kutcher : i realized i could use twitter to `` effectively change the world '' .  oprah winfrey , ashton kutcher taking twitter 's popularity to new heights .  kutcher beat cnn early friday in a race for 1 million followers on the sit .
 officials : lindsay lohan a suspect in burglary , but no charges planned <sec> cash , house keys , sunglasses and a credit card holder were missing , the report says .  the alleged victim `` had a longstanding relationship '' with lohan , the prosecutor says .  `` lindsay is glad this matter has been cleared up , '' her publicist says .  she remains on probation for a shoplifting conviction from last yea .
 trash palaces : the spectacular houses built from scrap <sec> from islands to hotels and treehouses , ideal homes from waste materials .  madrid cathedral built single-handed from scrap over 50 years by ex-monk .  new york city dumpsters adapted for homeless people .  british project based on thousands of toothbrushes and videotape .
 alonso : ferrari needs a different 2012 <sec> fernando alonso says his formula one team ferrari needs a 'very different ' 2012 .  alonso had a disappointing year finishing fourth in the drivers ' championship .  spaniard is a two-time winner of the title but was never in contention in 2011 .  alonso says ferrari 's performance across the season only rates as a 'five or six .
 scoot : traffic lights that are aware of pedestrians <sec> london to trial traffic lights that count the number of pedestrians waiting for the `` green man '' .  known as `` scoot , '' it will adjust the walk time at lights .  more people waiting at a crossing means they will get more time to cross the road .  the scoot system already regulates london 's traffic flows and has cut delays by 12 .
 my open source cure for brain cancer <sec> salvatore iaconesi : i was diagnosed with brain cancer at the age of 39 .  he says he decided to put his medical records online , invite world to help find a cure .  more than 200,000 people have visited site ; many have provided valuable information , support .  iaconesi : i 'm following a complex set of therapies before deciding on surger .
 8,100 south african mine workers fired <sec> workers at a gold fields limited mine had been on strike since august .  many returned to work this week ; those who did n't are fired .  the fired workers have 24 hours to appea .
 atlanta falcons star running back arrested on suspicion of drunk driving <sec> michael turner is charged with dui , speeding on interstate 85 near atlanta .  he was arrested around 4 a.m. tuesday after a monday night football win over denver .  officers say turner was driving at 97 mp .
 latest developments in the royal baby watch <sec> william and catherine lookalikes prompt a flutter of excitement outside hospital .  the media debate catherine 's likely due date as the wait for the royal baby continues .  the queen does n't mind if the baby 's a boy or a girl -- she just wants it to arrive soon .  poll suggests britons want the royal heir to lead a normal life -- including a regular jo .
 blind music pioneer fires up nigeria 's modern sound <sec> cobhams asuquo is one of nigeria 's leading music producers , song-writers and musicians .  the blind music pioneer has won several awards for his work .  he has collaborated with internationally renowned talent such as asa and dare .
 mast cell disease : 'bubble girl ' is allergic to life <sec> brynn duncan has mast cell disease , which causes her to be allergic to almost everything .  duncan has a feeding tube and is on constant doses of antihistamin .
 back home , american talks about time in north korean custody <sec> merrill newman , 85 , returned to the united states this weekend .  he speaks to the santa cruz sentinel newspaper in california .  newman says he was fed traditional food and kept in a hotel roo .
 nypd officer rafael ramos saw streets as his ministry <sec> police honor guard takes ramos ' casket into church .  rafael ramos , 40 , saw being police officer as `` god 's work , '' chaplain says .  he was about to graduate from a 10-week lay chaplaincy program .  ramos and officer wenjian liu were gunned down while in patrol ca .
 china to launch first moon mission next month <sec> china will launch an unmanned lunar probe in december .  chang'e-3 will release a solar-powered rover on the moon 's surface .  the probe may interfere with a nasa lunar dust study , u.s. scientist say .
 steve jobs ' yacht impounded over pay dispute <sec> apple co-founder steve jobs ' yacht impounded in pay dispute .  designer philippe starck says he 's owed nearly $ 4 million .  the venus cost more than $ 137 million , is 260 feet lon .
 'whirling dervishes : ' music , rhythm and belief united <sec> the order of the mevlevi , a sufi sect from the 13th century , are known as `` whirling dervishes '' .  mevlevis aim to act as a bridge between god and humankind through the practice of `` sema '' .  in a prayer-induced trance , they turn , one arm reaching for the sky and one arm down .  turkey banned the order in 1925 but has since eased restrictions , allowing public worshi .
 mexico arrests alleged leader of kidnapping cell <sec> serafin medina-angel was arrested in tijuana , mexico , on september 1 .  he is accused of targeting mexican citizens on their way to the united states .  medina-angel is charged with three counts of kidnappin .
 30 killed in ongoing ethnic clashes in southern pakistan <sec> 60 motorcycles were burned sunday , police say .  police blame the rampant violence in karachi on ethnic and political rivalries .  more than 1,000 people have been killed this year .  three political parties are in a bitter power feu .
 what is meerkat ? <sec> meerkat launched february 27 but has caught on quickl .
 al qaeda priority : western targets <sec> return of alleged western militants to europe sparked belgian antiterror operation .  documents indicate u.s.-born militant passed details of new york transit to al qaeda .  recruits allegedly chatted about potential targets while in pakistan .  such conversations illustrate al qaeda 's continued desire to inflict mass casualtie .
 child found alive after plane crashes in sea <sec> new : three bodies found ; french sending team to help search and rescue .  a 5-year-old boy recovered alive from yemeni jet crash in indian ocean .  jet was carrying more than 150 people to island of comoros from yemen .  crash occurs as plane tries to land at airport , official say .
 duerson brain tissue analyzed : suicide linked to brain disease <sec> dave duerson had classic pathology of cte and no evidence of any other disease .  cte has been found in the brains of 14 of 15 former nfl players thus far .  duerson suffered a minimum of 10 known concussions during the course of his caree .
 6 charged with sorority hazing <sec> members of sigma gamma rho at rutgers charged with aggravated hazing .  one woman sought medical attention for non-life-threatening injuries , police say .  sorority chapter is suspended by university and by its national headquarters .  alleged hazing occurred at university student apartment building , police sa .
 'the flash : ' what 's the verdict ? <sec> the cw 's `` the flash '' premiered tuesday .  the network is hoping to have another success on par with `` arrow '' .  critics have been largely positiv .
 opinion : a reality check on tesla <sec> consumer reports said tesla model s performed better than any car they 've tested .  michael harley : without question , tesla is an innovative and awe-inspiring electric car .  harley : but tesla has issues too , such as its high cost and dearth of charging station .
 iconic bagel shop closure to leave hole in new yorkers ' hearts <sec> new york 's famous h & h bagels will close on sunday .  residents are saddened by its loss .  the famed bagel shop may be best known for its stint on `` seinfeld '' .  h & h has a second location on west 46th street that will remain ope .
 'game of thrones ' : jj murphy , new cast member , dies <sec> murphy was set to appear in `` game of thrones '' .  he was to play ser denys mallister on the show .  producers said they wo n't recast the rol .
 costas ' call to disarm : nfl has gun culture problem <sec> nbc sportscaster bob costas says he felt need to address gun issue .  costas told piers morgan he wished he had time on halftime show to elaborate on concerns .  costas : `` the culture of the league increases the likelihood of abhorrent behavior '' .  guns increase likelihood of something bad happening , costas say .
 nigeria : kidnapped girls 'pawns ' ( opinion ) <sec> boko haram has reportedly agreed to free more than 200 schoolgirls who were kidnapped earlier this year .  boko haram has muscled its way onto global stage by mimicking terrorist actions of others , richard joseph says .  president goodluck jonathan would benefit politically from any deal , he say .
 family of ebola victim duncan holds service <sec> tsa officer who patted down ebola patient amber vinson in cleveland is now watching for symptoms .  doctor calls allegations of lax care due to patient 's status and race `` remarkably insulting '' .  belize refuses to let dallas lab supervisor aboard cruise ship come ashore .  she is symptom free , but state department wanted to fly her back to the u.s .
 syfy developing superman prequel series 'krypton ' <sec> `` krypton '' will focus on superman 's grandfather .  the network is working with `` man of steel '' writer david s. goyer .  other comic-to-tv projects have met with succes .
 who really killed bin laden ? <sec> peter bergen : member of seal team 6 disputes esquire account of bin laden raid .  he says there are doubts about the story the `` shooter '' told to esquire .  bergen : killing was team effort , may not have been connected to bin laden gun in the roo .
 massa extends ferrari deal until 2012 <sec> felipe massa extends his contract with formula one team ferrari .  massa will drive with italian team until end of 2012 season .  the brazilian is currently seventh in the drivers ' championshi .
 germanwings crash : mom , daughter among 3 u.s. victims <sec> third american killed on germanwings flight identified as robert calvo .  state department says three americans were on the plane .  co-workers , friends in shock at deaths of mother and daughter from virgini .
 charlotte dujardin and valegro set dressage world record <sec> charlotte dujardin and horse valegro post dressage world record .  the new mark of 87.740 eclipses the pair 's previous record of 87.129 .  dujardin delights home crowd at olympia horse show in londo .
 romney 's pick of ryan as his running mate energizes conservatives , opponents <sec> new : ryan learned leadership at a young age , romney says .  ryan wrote a gop budget plan , which seeks to revamp entitlement programs .  biden welcomes ryan to the race , which he says will provide `` clear choice .
 case closed : no charges filed over chile mine collapse <sec> a regional prosecutor says there is n't enough evidence to file charges .  outraged miners say they 'll appeal the decision .  an attorney for the mine 's owners says the company is not responsible .  miner : `` this was done ... by the negligence of man .
 purported e-mails suggest paterno may have altered decision not to report abuse <sec> penn state officials failed to report a 2001 incident involving jerry sandusky .  e-mails suggest joe paterno may have played a role in that decision .  paterno died in january ; the family attorney says paterno never interfered with probe .  source : penn state was researching its legal obligation to report inciden .
 'spanic , ' 'grexit ' and europe 's flying money <sec> money is moving around europe amid nervousness about the solvency of banks .  deutsche bank is soliciting the money of spaniards as the spanish government struggles .  contagion that caught up greece is spreading to cypress .  a european union summit at the end of june will be important for the future of the eur .
 norway massacre could have been avoided , report finds <sec> new : the prime minister says he will not resign over the report .  police had not trained for a terror attack , the investigation found .  no one imagined a sole attacker could cause such devastation , the report says .  anders behring breivik does not deny killing 77 people in norway last summe .
 michael brown shooting : who 's who in ferguson <sec> several leaders have tried to help ease tensions in the wake of the death of michael brown .  the list starts with the police chief whose officer shot brown on august 8 .  on wednesday , a prosecutor 's team will seek to present the facts of the case to a grand jury .  even the u.s. attorney general has stepped into the response effor .
 afghanistan : green-on-blue attacks show there 's no easy way out <sec> more than 50 coalition troops have been killed in `` insider attacks '' in 2012 .  attacks -- by afghan police and soldiers -- have damaged trust between the two forces .  taliban using green-on-blue attacks as propaganda .  gohel : anti-islam video may provoke further attack .
 real reply to barca with madrid derby win ; blow for ac milan title bid <sec> barcelona remain five points clear of real madrid after both teams win on saturday .  la liga champions barca cruise to a 2-1 victory at home to getafe .  real respond by beating atletico by the same score in the madrid derby .  italian serie a leaders ac milan suffer a shock 1-0 defeat at sicilian club palerm .
 was tutankhamun 's beard broken off and glued back on ? <sec> a conservator tells state-owned ahram online that the beard broke off during cleaning .  he says it was stuck back on with epoxy , which `` was not a proper material to use '' .  museum director denies claims of damage , tells ahram a committee will inspect the mas .
 cnn student news transcript : april 20 , 2011 <sec> look back at a devastating oil spill that started exactly one year ago .  examine a new threat facing coalition forces fighting in afghanistan .  consider a challenge from cnn to volunteer 11 hours of your time in 2011 .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 senate votes to extend foreign surveillance law <sec> the law has helped authorities prevent terrorist plots , says a senator .  but `` it 's something with enormous potential for abuse , '' says a member of cato institute .  the law , passed in 2008 , requires officials to obtain a warrant to spy on any american .  opponents say americans communicating with persons abroad still could be spied o .
