 episcopal church consecrates first openly lesbian bishop <sec> new : episcopal church on saturday consecrated its first openly lesbian bishop .  the rev . .  mary glasspool , 56 , is now a bishop in the los angeles diocese .  conservatives in the anglican communion have opposed gay bishops ' ordinations .  glasspool and rev . .  diane bruce are the diocese 's first two women elected to bisho .
 dubai staging a comeback amid economic gloom <sec> four years ago dubai was at the height of an unparalleled economic boom that then turned to bust .  most recently , it outlined plans to build a brand new city .  analysts say the arab spring has made dubai a safe haven for those who worry about the turmoil elsewhere .  the hope is that projects like mohammed bin rashid will lure millions more visitors a yea .
 5 rules for new triathletes <sec> the fit nation `` 6-pack '' is training together in florida this week .  coach april burkey offers training plans and tips for cnn 's triathletes-to-be .  burkey : at the end of the day , the sport is simply running , biking and swimmin .
 ghana 's 'dropifi ' startup takes on silicon valley <sec> dropifi is the first african company to join the silicon valley-based 500 startups program .  it is an online tool helping companies monitor customer feedback .  launched in 2011 , dropifi has over 6,000 clients in more than 30 countrie .
 iaaf urges caution over semenya intersex claims <sec> south african sports minister `` shocked and disgusted '' at semenya treatment .  sydney morning herald reports tests have revealed athlete 's internal testes .  south africa team manager maintains semenya is female .  semenya won the 800-meters gold at the world athletics championship .
 abuse victims report long-term poor health , depression <sec> nih : domestic violence is the most common cause of injury to women ages 15 to 44 .  study : abused women more likely to have depression , anxiety , joint pain .  calling a domestic violence hot line is a good first step for a victi .
 questions abound 1 week after u.s. soldier allegedly kills afghan civilians <sec> sgt . .  bales ' family is `` stunned '' and stands by him , one of his lawyers says .  family friends who knew bales growing up speak highly of him .  bales is accused of killing 16 afghan villagers inside their homes last sunday .  villagers demand the soldier be returned to afghanistan to face justic .
 john king : obama at odds with himself on immigration <sec> several vulnerable democrats put distance between themselves and obama .  progressives , labor say republicans ' immigration principals come up short .  a year ago , obama said there would be no reform without pathway to citizenship .  immigration has been turned into a `` political football , '' speaker boehner say .
 bjorn ulvaeus : abba star behind mamma mia <sec> bjorn ulvaeus is half of the songwriting pair behind swedish pop legend abba .  he lives in stockholm , which he describes as being `` dynamic '' and trendy .  ulvaeus thought abba would be forgotten and is `` amazed '' by its popularity .  an abba museum is being planned for stockhol .
 senate overcomes filibuster , clearing the way for debate on gun bill <sec> new : speaker boehner stops short of promising a house vote on gun measures .  the nra says it `` unequivocally '' opposes legislation coming up for debate in the senate .  16 republicans join democrats in overcoming a gop-led senate filibuster .  proposals backed by the white house would expand background checks , take other step .
 5 things : highlights and lowlights from the world cup <sec> bosnia and herzegovina scored its first world cup goal .  star argentine forward lionel messi , who went scoreless in the 2010 cup , scored the game-winner against bosnia .  switzerland scored the latest extra-time goal in world cup group play , espn reported .  new goal line technology confirmed a goal for france in its 3-0 victory over hondura .
 police : death of transgender woman a possible hate crime <sec> islan nettles , 21 , died as a result of `` blunt impact head injuries '' .  the death has been ruled a homicide .  suspect allegedly hit the victim on the head `` with a closed fist .
 possible war crimes in congo , u.n. spokesman says <sec> new : if civilians were killed , deaths may constitute war crimes , spokesman says .  u.n. chief : rebels in east congo pose `` poisonous consequences '' for country .  cease-fire in congo unraveling in third straight day of fighting .  battles between warlord laurent nkunda 's rebels and army spreading , u.n. say .
 distrust of obama clouds border fix harder - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama asked congress for $ 3.7 billion for border solution .  republicans immediately raised concerns , especially over cost .  democrats are also wading cautiously on the issue in a midterm election year .  obama says congress can solve problem now if it wants by passing his pla .
 jackson fans cheer verdict : 'oh my god , guilty ! ' <sec> new : michael 's brother randy says , `` michael is with us '' .  new : nicki minaj tweets , `` there really are no winners here '' .  a jury finds conrad murray guilty of involuntary manslaughter in singer 's death .  people yelled out , sang and danced after the decision was announce .
 what scout abuse scandal teaches us <sec> patrick boyle : boy scout child sex abuse -- this kind of scandal is way too familiar .  for decades , he says , trusted institutions ignored abuse in order to protect themselves .  but lawsuits , publicity have brought this into the light and spurred improvements , he says .  boyle : organizations gearing up to prevent it , kids more likely to report and be believe .
 sandy hook families sue estate of adam lanza 's mother <sec> lawsuits against estate of nancy lanza say she was careless and negligent .  her son , adam , used assault rifle to kill 20 first graders and six adults on december 14 , 201 .
 jailed for doing your job : why the al jazeera verdict is worrying <sec> 3 al jazeera journalists found guilty of aiding muslim brotherhood , face 7 years in jail .  peter greste , mohamed fahmy and baher mohamed , imprisoned in cairo since december .  cnn 's hala gorani says case sends chilling message to journalists around world .  greste 's brother mike tells gorani his supporters can not comprehend court 's decisio .
 when the rick hits the fan ( opinion ) <sec> paul begala : hunter thompson said : when going gets weird , the weird turn pro . .  enter rick scott .  scott held up debate seven minutes when rival for governor , charlie crist , had fan in his podium .  begala : scott 's political career blown across florida by a one-foot-wide electric fan .
 northern white rhinos guarded as 1 male left worldwide <sec> sudan is one of a handful of northern white rhinos left worldwide .  as the only male , the fate of the subspecies rests on his ability to conceive with two females at a conservancy .  experts are trying various ways , including in vitro fertilizatio .
 decades , diamonds and dollars : the reign of elizabeth ii by the numbers <sec> queen elizabeth ii marks her 60th year as queen this year .  the celebrations culminate with festivities june 2-5 .  check out some of the numbers behind her decades-long reig .
 turkish singer in critical condition after shooting <sec> ibrahim tatlises was shot early monday .  he is in critical condition after surgery , his doctor says .  the unknown gunmen attacked as tatlises left a tv station with a spokeswoma .
 'twin peaks ' returning -- on showtime <sec> david lynch , mark frost bringing back `` twin peaks '' .  groundbreaking show will return in 2016 .  original series aired on abc in 1990-9 .
 countdown for kendall jenner turning 18 ? gross or fair game ? <sec> some media sites are counting down until reality star kendall jenner turns 18 .  women across country say the jenner countdown is inappropriate and gross .  some say it 's fair game for a family always seeking the national spotlight .  there were similar countdowns for the olsen twins and justin biebe .
 obama faces unpleasant , but enduring , part of job in memorial speech <sec> president obama continues to work on speech he will deliver at memorial wednesday .  like presidents before him , obama is thrust into role of `` mourner-in-chief '' .  presidents reagan , clinton and bush all had defining moments amid national grief .  obama , too , has had unpleasant duty before -- after coal mine disaster and fort hoo .
 cops : pappy van winkle bourbon theft is likely an inside job <sec> buffalo trace distillery is missing some 20-year-old pappy van winkle bourbon .  nine cases of pappy van winkle rye are also missing .  sheriff : `` the way this happened , it 's indicative of an inside job .
 taking autistic kids out to a ball game <sec> parents of children on the autism spectrum often skip social situations out of fear .  but dr. wendy ross wants her young patients with autism to have those experiences .  her nonprofit helps families navigate events like ball games , air travel and museum trip .
 philadelphia art store owner charged with smuggling african ivory <sec> despite laws against the sale of ivory , demand remains high .  one ton of ivory was seized from the african art store in philadelphia .  gordon faces 20 years in prison if convicte .
 military courts : more than 50 years and no executions <sec> five men are on the military 's death row .  military has not executed anyone since 1961 .  of 16 capital punishment verdicts since 1984 , 11 have been overturned .  army maj. nidal hasan could become the next resident of military death ro .
 complaint targets tell-all book on france 's first lady <sec> a new book says france 's first lady began seeing hollande while dating another man .  valérie trierweiler is known for her strong character .  the book says sarkozy also made a pass at trierweiler , who is not married to holland .
 toobin : why tiger woods may not be talking to police <sec> tiger woods is under no legal obligation to speak with police , cnn senior legal analyst says .  police could get a search warrant , he says , but he does n't see anything that would justify it .  toobin says woods may not be talking because doing so may cause him embarrassment .  night club hostess who has hired attorney may publicly deny affair or allege libel , he say .
 fighting boko haram terrorists <sec> cameroon and chadian forces fight boko haram militants across the border area with nigeria .  in battles for border towns and a bridge , attacks take place daily , colonel say .
 bodies of air france captain , steward found <sec> search crews recover bodies of flight captain and steward from crash .  all 228 people onboard flight 447 from brazil to france were killed .  none of names of bodies recovered have been released at request of familie .
 sunday 's mexican elections are referendum on calderon <sec> president is not on ballot , but many see vote as comment on his performance .  party is expected to do well despite years of troubles .  calderon has stood strong in face of adversity , analysts say .  many see increasing voter distaste with electoral proces .
 man falls off royal caribbean cruise , rescued <sec> cozumel authorities say the man was at sea for about five hours .  it 's not known how he fell from the royal caribbean ship , oasis of the seas .  disney magic cruise passengers heard the man screaming for hel .
 ahmadinejad losing ground in iran power struggle , analysts say <sec> iran 's outspoken president has butted heads with the country 's clerical leader .  iran 's oil industry is the latest battleground .  the confrontations may leave ahmadinejad a `` lame duck , '' one analyst says .  `` it 's pretty incredible how much power and influence he 's lost , '' another say .
 8 troops killed in attack in south yemen <sec> eight government troops killed , at least 28 soldiers injured in abyan province .  al qaeda suspected of trying to seize military base for past two weeks .  in separate incident , six suspected al qaeda fighters killed in government air rai .
 danish driver simonsen killed in high speed crash at le mans <sec> fatality at le mans 24-hour endurance race .  danish driver allan simonsen dies after high speed crash .  simonsen was driving an aston martin .  his team had been in pole position in the gte-am class at le man .
 yellowstone delays blamed on budget cuts <sec> forced spending cuts to trim $ 113 million from park service budget .  new : parts of yellowstone will open later due to impact of cuts on snow removal .  parks could see shorter hours , fewer employees and limited camping and hiking spaces .  almost 279 million people visit national parks each yea .
 nadia comaneci <sec> olympic gymnast record : 5 gold medals , 3 silver medals , 1 bronze medal .  the first gymnast in history to score a perfect 10 .  comaneci was honored as a hero of socialist labor .  gymnast born on november 12 , 1961 in onesti , romani .
 box office report : 'hotel transylvania ' sets september record with $ 43 million <sec> `` hotel transylvania '' led the way at this weekend 's box office .  time travel film `` looper '' came in second .  playing in only 335 theaters , `` pitch perfect '' grossed $ 5.2 millio .
 robin roberts reveals mds diagnosis <sec> new : abc host 's sister says she 's a `` perfect match '' for a marrow transplant .  `` good morning america '' co-anchor robin roberts faces mds diagnosis .  the disease attacks blood and bone marrow .  `` talk about your highs and lows ! '' .  she write .
 henley royal regatta : 'downton abbey ' on water <sec> the henley royal regatta has been going since 1839 .  thousands flock to henley-on-thames each year to watch .  spectators go for the sporting and social aspec .
 who 's the better translator : machines or humans ? <sec> facebook and google are finding new ways to translate the web .  facebook favors human translation ; google leans on its computers .  google claims to be the largest translation service online , with 51 languages .  facebook announces a new service to let internet users help translate site .
 unsung heroes work hard to cut hospital-acquired infections <sec> every year , hospital-acquired infections sicken 1.7 million , kill 99,000 in u.s . .  they add more than $ 28 billion to health care costs annually .  small changes -- using a checklist and brushing patients ' teeth -- can lower rates .  expert : attitude is slowly shifting away from accepting infections as inevitabl .
 feds slam texas factory over discrimination claims <sec> investigators say african-american pipe factory workers endured racial slurs , harassment .  workers say managers targeted them when they complained , denied them promotions .  white employees who opposed harassment were disciplined , they say .  agency wants problems resolved ; company denies any `` conduct that violates the law .
 'now 's the time ' to move on immigration , obama says <sec> new : president obama : `` now 's the time '' to move on immigration .  sen. rubio warns obama against a `` bidding war '' for easier green cards .  eight senators , four from each party , have laid out a bipartisan blueprint for reform .  house legislators are also said to be working on a bipartisan immigration pla .
 banning fake pot wo n't make it go away <sec> emily bauer suffered a debilitating stroke after consuming synthetic marijuana .  jag davies : these chemicals would n't exist if it were n't for the prohibition of marijuana .  each time one form of fake pot gets banned , he says , another is designed to fill its place .  davies : regulate real and fake pot , instead of driving them to the illicit market with no control .
 house panel says irs official waived 5th amendment right <sec> partisan vitriol flows at a house oversight committee hearing .  a gop legislator says irs official lois lerner thumbed her nose at congress .  democrats say a gop resolution threatens lerner 's constitutional rights .  the resolution says lerner waived her right against self-incriminatio .
 61 killed in latest wave of iraq attacks <sec> new : at least 61 people have been killed across iraq on wednesday .  seven car bombs , two roadside bombs explode in baghdad , targeting mainly shiite areas .  iraq is seeing a recent uptick in violenc .
 safina fights to semis as sharapova slumps <sec> dinara safina battles from set down to beat victoria azarenka at french open .  maria sharapova was thrashed 6-0 6-2 by slovakia 's dominika cibulkova .  cibulkova now faces semifinal with world no . .  1 safina who won 1-6 6-4 6- .
 'all africa in one country ' : cameroon wants a place on the tourist map <sec> cameroon boasts diverse wildlife , beautiful forests , savannah and mountains .  active volcano mount cameroon is a perfect spot for hiking .  the picturesque town of limbe has a wildlife center and botanic garden .
 gwyneth paltrow named world 's most beautiful woman <sec> people magazine names gwyneth paltrow the world 's most beautiful woman .  the 40-year-old actress tells the magazine she keeps it natural at home .  `` i honestly thought someone was playing a joke on me , '' she says of her reaction to the cover .  she tells people she wants to pass down a healthy body image to her daughter , appl .
 the atlanta braves are moving <sec> the atlanta braves will leave turner field in 2017 , moving to cobb county .  turner field needs major upgrades , team president says .  the team promises a `` magnificent '' new stadium will `` thrive '' all year lon .
 federer wins opener in home tournament <sec> roger federer begins the swiss indoors tournament with victory over potito starace .  federer is seeded three in basel behind novak djokovic and andy murray .  eighth-seeded serb viktor troicki is beaten in three sets by marcos baghdati .
 lynsey addario : the pregnant war photographer <sec> war photographer lynsey addario has been kidnapped twice -- why does she keep going back ? .  new book `` it 's what i do : a photographer 's life of love and war , '' powerful insight into remarkable caree .
 matthew cordle , confessed dui driver in viral video , gets 6½ years <sec> matthew cordle : `` there is really no fair sentence when it comes to the loss of life '' .  cordle is sentenced to 6½ years in prison ; he faced a maximum of 8½ .  in an online video , cordle said he was driving drunk and killed 61-year-old vincent canzan .
 va to look into effects of 'burn pits ' on veterans <sec> va finalizing deal with institute of medicine to assess potential health risks .  decision reflects experience with gulf war syndrome , spokesman says .  veterans blame emissions from burn pits for respiratory problems , skin infections .  no long-term danger from smoke from balad air force base pit , military said in 200 .
 u.s. joint chiefs chairman visits iraq amid isis fight <sec> dempsey visits kurdish president in irbil in northern iraq after his baghdad stop .  general meets with iraq 's prime minister , the u.s. ambassador and american troops .  the visit came after dempsey would n't say he would n't seek u.s. combat troops .  analyst : dempsey likely sending a message to iraq that u.s. is taking isis fight seriousl .
 palin center of attention at big gop dinner <sec> speculation had been rampant about whether gov . .  sarah palin would attend dinner .  crowd cheers upon arrival of palin and her husband , todd .  even though palin does n't speak , she is center of attention during fundraiser .  $ 14.3 million raised for congressional republicans ; obama roundly criticize .
 bale double helps tottenham consolidate third in english premier league <sec> tottenham hotspur win 2-0 at norwich in english premier league .  gareth bale scores both goals as spurs consolidate third spot .  arsenal held 1-1 at the emirates by struggling wolves .  swansea and queens park rangers share 1-1 dra .
 women race ahead in endurance test <sec> uae riders dominate world endurance equestrian events .  young female competitors emerging as the next crop of stars .  two-time world champion maria alvarez ponton of spain led the way .  dubai 's ruler sheikh mohammed is reigning 2012 world champio .
 a year from election , how does obama measure up ? <sec> john avlon : can one predict presidential chances by gdp growth , approval , jobs ? .  he says nixon , reagan overcame poor approval ratings .  avlon : clinton hit george h.w . .  bush over a small recession .  obama faces strong headwinds in a 40 % conservative electorat .
 china , vietnam collide over south china sea claims <sec> china has started drilling for oil in a part of the south china sea also claimed by vietnam .  vietnam says chinese ships have made violent attacks on vietnamese vessels .  chinese fishermen arrested by philippines authorities in a separate dispute .  situation could escalate into armed conflict , analyst say .
