 obama isis strategy : airstrikes will include syria - cnnpolitics.com <sec> officials : we will strike in syria at a time and place of our choosing .  president obama says airstrikes will include isis targets in syria .  obama asks congress for authority to arm and train syrian rebels .  isis presents a bigger threat than al qaeda , veteran u.s. diplomat tells cn .
 new jersey gov . chris christie builds profile <sec> chris christie has lost 85 pounds as he gears up for a possible white house run .  the new jersey governor has traveled to 28 states in the past year .  christie is chairman of the republican governors association .  the position has allowed him to to meet with donors and activists in key state .
 opinion : gop , show you care about kids at border <sec> maria cardona : border protests show madness of right-wing to all things immigration .  she says there is dire need for solutions , but gop blocks them , puts politics over governance .  she says gop holds $ 3.7 billion in aid hostage , ludicrously claims obama not strong on border .  cardona : gop fires up base , but it will need latino votes , must show its desire to fix problem .
 obama heads to czech republic to sign nuclear arms treaty <sec> obama : `` most comprehensive arms control agreement in nearly two decades '' .  president will also have dinner with heads of government from 11 countries during trip .  treaty limits both nations to `` significantly fewer strategic arms .
 a drop in the ocean for sailor alex thomson <sec> sailor takes on death-defying stunt of charging to the top of his boat 's mast and diving off .  alex thomson decided to do the stunt on a whim but later called it `` stupid '' .  the feat was carried out without a harness and with him wearing only a designer suit .  as for the future , he has no idea what stunt he might next perform ... watch this spac .
 weinstein co. will release 'bully ' unrated , refusing mpaa 's r rating <sec> the weinstein company has decided to release `` bully '' on friday unrated .  twc had mounted an aggressive effort to persuade the mpaa to reverse its initial ratings verdict .  `` bully , '' tells the stories of several children who were victimized by classmate .
 autopsies done on u.s. couple killed in st. maarten ; suspect due in court <sec> new : the couple 's bodies will likely be handed over to kin tuesday , prosecutors say .  new : the suspect `` heavily resisted '' arrest ; he and a police officer were `` wounded '' .  michael and thelma king of south carolina were found dead in their st. maarten home .  the suspect in their deaths will appear before a judge , who will decide if he can still be detaine .
 injured van persie ruled out for six weeks <sec> arsenal reveal that striker robin van persie will be out of actionfor six weeks .  the dutchman suffered ankle ligament damage against italy at the weekend .  croatian striker eduardo da silva is expected to replace van persie in the arsenal line-u .
 giffords goes outside for physical therapy <sec> wounded congresswoman does physical therapy on hospital grounds .  mark kelly predicts his wife will make a full recovery .  `` every time i interact with her , there 's something quite inspiring '' .  giffords will be moved to a texas rehabilitation facility on frida .
 4 killed , 16 hurt as police fire on kashmir protesters <sec> 4 killed in latest kashmir violence .  police fired to disperse protesters blocking a highway and throwing stones .  separatists want control of kashmir , part of which is still ruled by indi .
 'true detective ' adds rachel mcadams , taylor kitsch <sec> rachel mcadams , taylor kitsch and kelly reilly cast in `` true detective '' .  the trio join colin farrell and vince vaughn for season 2 .  the new season is currently in production in californi .
 ubs shareholders set to rebel over pay <sec> investors are preparing to confront the management of ubs on thursday .  a significant number plan to vote against the swiss bank 's 2011 pay awar .
 oprah draws fire for asking nielsen viewers to watch own <sec> winfrey tweeted , `` every 1 who can please turn to own especially if u have a nielsen box '' .  that tweets caused a backlash on the social networking site .  networks are not allowed to specifically target nielsen subscriber .
 five memorable moments from thursday at the world cup <sec> some protesters think brazil is not rich enough to spend so much money for a sporting event .  man takes ceremonial first kick in robotic outfit controlled by his brain .  three doves were released before the match and bad things happened .  u.s. , belgium had to change plans for a scrimmage due to potential travel trouble .
 ramadi could fall to isis offensive , iraq official says <sec> a u.s. military official tells cnn the fall of ramadi is `` not imminent '' .  official in ramadi says it 's unclear how long government forces can hold out there .  he begs the iraqi government for reinforcements and the u.s.-led coalition for airstrike .
 name-brand drug prescriptions are costing you big , report says <sec> propublica report : hundreds of millions of dollars wasted on name-brand drugs .  taxpayers paid $ 300 million extra in 2011 thanks to 913 practitioners , report says .  medicare part d has no incentive for low-income patients to demand generics , professor say .
 cdc : swine flu viruses in u.s. and mexico match <sec> new : swine flu found in u.s. is same that killed at least 68 in mexico .  new : the latest u.s. case of swine flu occurred in california , the cdc says .  eight cases of the strain of swine flu have been confirmed in humans in the u.s .
 unsung world war ii heroes finally get their due <sec> new : congress votes to give women congressional gold medal .  first women to fly u.s. military aircraft are honored for service .  women helped train male pilots during world war i .
 u.s. indian school changes fund-raising practices after cnn investigation <sec> st. joseph 's indian school raised more than $ 50 million last year from donations .  south dakota school sends waves of mailings across the country asking for help .  official tells cnn the school has `` revisited '' the use of the `` letters attributed to our students '' .  officials did n't elaborate on whether letters would stop or wording would be change .
 authorities search for missing , pregnant mom <sec> bethany decker is believed to be about five months pregnant .  her car was found at an apartment she was moving out of .  her husband emile decker is serving in afghanista .
 surge protectors being recalled for posing a potential fire hazard <sec> the surge protectors were manufactured by schneider electric it corporation prior to 200 .
 new signs of compromise in government shutdown standoff <sec> deal would keep government running for two more weeks while cutting $ 4 billion .  cantor says cuts would come from terminating some programs from obama 's budget , eliminating earmarks .  democrats have accused republicans of wanting indiscriminate budget cuts .  boehner expects the measure will pass the house early next wee .
 after bardo museum attack , tunisians protest terrorism <sec> thousands march in a protest against terrorism in tunisia 's capital .  demonstrators hold signs that say `` we are not afraid '' and `` je suis bardo '' .  tunisia 's prime minister says a suspect in the bardo museum attack was killed in a rai .
 13th cannon raised from blackbeard ship <sec> the 8-foot cannon is one of 25 found since the vessel 's discovery in 1997 .  researchers must now remove the `` concretion '' from the 1-ton weapon .  concretion is shell of sand , salt and sea life ; can take up to five years to remov .
 israel wants peace talks but 'not at any price ' <sec> new : palestinian official says israel should n't object because they are following the law .  israeli pm blames palestinians for obstructing negotiations .  israel last week reneged on a scheduled release of palestinian prisoners .  palestinians responded by signing on to join 15 international bodie .
 police crackdown triggers anti-government riots <sec> turkish authorities have arrested 939 people across turkey , an official says .  at least 79 injured in clashes across the country , the interior minister says .  a police crackdown to protesters stirs riots in istanbul .  protesters were met with tear gas and water canno .
 'the night i invented 3d printing ' <sec> chuck hull is the american engineer who invented 3d printing .  hull created the first 3d printer in 1983 and has been refining his creation ever since .  he says the process has `` blossomed '' in the last few year .
 philippines military frees final hostages , still pursuing rebels <sec> philippines military says all hostages freed from separatist group in zamboanga .  troops killed 15 rebels , freed six hostages in overnight fighting , spokesman says .  the military says it 's sweeping the region for any remaining rebel .
 usain bolt wins race on copacabana beach <sec> usain bolt wins exhibition race in rio , which will host the 2016 olympic games .  jamaican says he is happy with his opening sprint race of the new season .  he beats fellow caribbean runner daniel bailey over the rarely-run distanc .
 bush welcomes north korean move on nuclear program <sec> north korea gives documents on nuclear activities to chinese officials .  president bush welcomes decision , warns north korea still has work to do .  north korea expected to continue preparations to dismantle a nuclear reactor .  bush says he 'll remove north korea from list of state sponsors of terroris .
 auto air conditioning 101 <sec> problems with your a/c/ system can cost you money by wasting extra gas .  tech should first do a car a/c system performance test .  problems with vacuum system can also limit cooling in ca .
 africa 's rocky road to democracy <sec> last 20 years have seen gains , reversals in transition to democracy in africa , says john mukum mbaku .  he says ghana continues to lead the way , mali and guinea-bissau have suffered setbacks .  arab spring brought improvements , but more change is needed .  each african country must engage in democratic constitution making , says mbak .
 opinion : california 's hispanic milestone <sec> ruben navarrette : hispanics part of california cultural landscape .  he says last month hispanics overtook whites as state 's largest racial/ethnic group .  he says nativists balk , but mexicans not new ; they are long woven into fabric , loyal to u.s . .  navarrette : americans need to study up on this group , and hispanics need to harness clou .
 police detail katt williams ' bizarre behavior <sec> katt williams was first arrested for refusing to give police his id , police say .  a bar manager and patron say williams threatened them after playing pool .  he `` flicked a cigarette through a car window at a woman , '' police say .  the 41-year-old comic was in seattle to perform his stand-up comedy sho .
 ikea museum to open in sweden in 2015 <sec> ikea museum will be on site of first store in älmhult , sweden .  the 7,000-square-meter museum will also have a museum shop and food for visitors .  museum expected to draw 200,000 visitors per yea .
 man utd beat arsenal to go fourth <sec> manchester united beat arsenal on the road .  first away victory for van gaal in the epl .  chelsea extend lead to seven points .  manchester city come from behind to beat swanse .
 from madoff to sully , news events inspire video games <sec> developers are creating online and cell phone games inspired by real news events .  gamers can land a plane on the hudson or build a madoff-like investment scheme .  many are primitive , two-dimensional flash games that do n't hold long-term interest .  one controversial game , `` six days in fallujah , '' was yanked by its publishe .
 opinion : the amazing story we ignore <sec> bob greene : most people do n't know names of those at the international space station .  he says spaceflight used to be awe-inspiring . .  now we see it as routine . .  that 's regrettable .  he says six astronauts are from countries around the globe , work together on research .  greene : they tweet amazing stuff . .  why is their following a small fraction , of , say katy perry ' .
 cannes scandals : 5 most controversial film festival moments <sec> since its inception , cannes has attracted protests , spats and stunts .  cnn looks at some of the greatest scandals to have rocked the festival .  among them : danish director lars von trier says he is a nazi and is banned .  '50s starlet strips on beach and photographer breaks ankle in scrum for photo .
 russian human rights activist kidnapped , killed <sec> natalya estemirova abducted outside her home in grozny , chechnya .  estemirova later found dead in neighboring russian republic of ingushetia .  estemirova openly critical of chechnya 's authoritarian president , ramzan kadyro .
 second argentine prosecutor renews probe of president <sec> prosecutor to judge : enough evidence for investigation of president to continue .  different prosecutor , before he died , alleged president hid iran 's alleged involvement in bombing .  president cristina fernandez de kirchner , other officials deny cover-u .
 daughter of mayor antonio ledezma protests dad 's arrest <sec> antonieta ledezma is joined by a few dozen protesters in new york 's times square .  the venezuelan government has accused mayor antonio ledezma of conspirac .
 gop picks up north carolina senate seat <sec> the north carolina senate race was the most expensive senate race in history .  outside groups on both sides poured money - $ 100 million - into the contes .
 iaea report : japan nuclear plant was not ready for huge tsunami waves <sec> international nuclear experts assess safety issues stemming from fukushima daiichi .  the nuclear power plant was crippled after the march 11 earthquake and tsunami .  tsunami waves were 14 meters high , but the plant was only able to handle 5.7-meter waves .  the team of experts praise `` brave and sometimes novel efforts '' by the plant 's staf .
 family : ex-us marine convicted in iran , sentenced to 10 years prison <sec> amir hekmati 's attorney says his client was never told about the trial .  hekmati has been sentenced to 10 years in prison , his sister says .  hekmati was convicted of collaborating with the united states .  his death sentence for espionage was overturned in 201 .
 dutch court rules against girl 's solo sailing trip <sec> dutch court rules 14-year-old laura dekker can not embark upon solo sailing trip .  plans to ensure dekker 's safety during planned trip insufficient judge said .  dutch authorities placed dekker under state care in augus .
 guinean military official charged in 2009 killings , rapes of protesters <sec> lt. col. moussa camara is the highest ranking official charged in the attacks .  more than 150 people died in the ensuing chaos .  at least 109 women were sexually abused , the u.n. say .
 newly discovered leak halts oil well test <sec> new : leak puts a stop to tests on ruptured oil well .  new : no timetable for when leak will be repaired .  u.s. officials gave bp additional direction for test .
 george clooney marries in star-studded venice wedding <sec> new : george clooney and amal alamuddin are married in venice .  italians cheer clooney as he arrives by motorboat for star-studded bash .  they were photographed friday on a motor launch cruising venice 's canals .  actor clooney and alamuddin , a human rights lawyer , got engaged in the sprin .
 opinion : andover 's lesson on gender gap <sec> at prestigious phillips andover academy , only three girls have been school president .  rachel simmons : the real problem is that girls do n't feel authorized to be leaders .  she says girls from childhood onward get mixed messages about displaying power .  simmons : awareness and education can help close the leadership gender ga .
 tim cook 's first 100 days as apple ceo <sec> friday is tim cook 's 100th day as official apple ceo .  cook took over for steve jobs on august 24 , 2011 .  analysts say cook has passed his first tests as apple 's leade .
 meet lola , the six-clawed lobster <sec> lobster has five claws on left side .  claws the result of genetic mutation , aquarium director says .  lobster will be on display at maine state aquariu .
 60 million in path of winter storm <sec> new : wichita receives 14.2 inches of snow over two days .  new : kansas crews search i-70 after shutting down a 240-mile stretch .  new : snow even reaches southern california and the arizona deser .
 win no.64 for lindsey vonn <sec> lindsey vonn wins world cup super-g at st moritz .  extends record for world cup wins to 64 .  preparing for next month 's world championships in colorado .  sweden 's mattias hargin secures maiden wc win at kitzbuehel .
 sharapova lifts trophy in rainy rome <sec> maria sharapova beats li na 4-6 , 6-4 , 7-6 ( 5 ) to win italian open .  deciding tiebreak delayed by 2 hours because of rain in rome .  men 's final between nadal and djokovic postponed until monday .  sharapova heads to french open with two clay-court titles this yea .
 nine hutus slain in fighting rwanda-congo forces <sec> fighting comes day after rwanda arrests tutsi rebel leader , laurent nkunda .  neighboring nations have been on different sides of the conflict in east congo .  struggle pits tutsis , supported by rwanda , against the congo-backed hutu .  the conflict is effectively an extension of the rwandan genocide of the 1990 .
 artists draw attention to bethlehem <sec> graffiti artist banksy uses bethlehem security barrier as his latest canvas .  his exhibition , `` santa 's ghetto , '' aims to bring visitors to the west bank .  banksy 's identity is kept secret , adding to his allur .
 cold weather means brisk business for some <sec> wind chills in the upper midwest will drop as low as 40 degrees below zero .  even much of the south will be frozen by wednesday morning .  a food delivery service doubles its business when the weather gets this ba .
 opinion : a horrible way to fill the second most powerful job in u.s . <sec> larry summers has dropped out of contention to head the federal reserve .  david gergen : process of filling the crucially important job has been shameful .  he says summers ' reputation has been trashed and his merits ignored .  gergen : president obama should now nominate janet yellen for the pos .
 architects building dream homes for bats <sec> a new course aims to teach architects how to accommodate bats .  uk legislation protects bats and their roosts , with fines and jail time for offenders .  bats can get tangled in some modern roofing insulation .  some english bats are small enough to fit into a matchbo .
 the world 's scariest runways <sec> some airports require additional pilot training and route familiarization , a pilot says .  only eight pilots in the world are qualified to fly into bhutan 's paro airport .  buildings , restricted airspace make it tough to land at reagan nationa .
 french unions stage open-ended strike <sec> new : more than a million people went on strike tuesday , the most cautious estimates say .  unions promise to vote each day whether to continue striking .  the protest is over plans to raise the retirement age to 62 .  senate may vote on the full spate of reforms by the end of the wee .
 december on road to durban : a green city journey <sec> december 's road to durban comes from cop17 in durban .  we will be hosting a series of panel discussions on subjects coming out of cop17 .  panelists will include former irish president mary robinson and head of greenpeace international kumi naido .
 federer rocked by 'tough ' miami loss to roddick <sec> roger federer loses to andy roddick , ending a 16-match winning streak .  the former world no . .  1 's serve broken just once in a two-hour match with american roddick .  defending champion novak djokovic through after beating viktor troicki .  u.s. no . .  1 mardy fish into the last 16 after win over south africa 's kevin anderso .
