 'abe trade ' : will japan 's bull-run last ? <sec> the nikkei 225 has outperformed 92 of 94 equity benchmarks around the world since november .  expectations high of more aggressive with shinzo abe , the country 's returning prime ministe .
 arizona sheriff arpaio cleared of financial improprieties <sec> federal investigators looked into allegations of financial misconduct .  they declined to press charges against the maricopa county sheriff 's office .  critics are not pleased with the decision .  this case is separate from a pair of racial profiling lawsuits arpaio face .
 2 u.s. border agents killed by train <sec> new : the border patrol says the agents ' vehicle was struck by a 90-car freight train .  new : both agents had been working with the border patrol for about a decade .  homeland security secretary janet napolitano says authorities are investigating .  the agents were assisting in the apprehension of suspected illegal immigrant .
 the gun markets of pakistan <sec> vbs.tv gains rare access to gun market in pakistani tribal area .  massive shop manufactures up to 1,000 guns a day , most by hand .  area has been home base for the taliban since the u.s. invasion of afghanista .
 federal report : bag with bomb was at detroit building guard desk for weeks <sec> a federal review cites poor judgment for undiscovered ied in detroit in 2011 .  a guard is singled out , but the security company , agency also share some responsibility .  the device was later detonated harmlessly , but the review says there still was risk for occupant .
 solar aircraft a look into the future of flight ? <sec> solar impulse aircraft is a solar powered , long-range glider .  in july it became the first solar-powered airplane ever to fly through a complete daylight cycle .  plane illustrates potential to fly lager aircraft , with passengers , using no fue .
 voyage to bottom of the sea for sir francis drake 's remains <sec> english explorer sir francis drake was buried at sea 400 years ago .  businessman pat croce is on a mission to find his coffin .  croce says he 's found the wreckage of two ships scuttled near where drake was burie .
 kilian martin : the art of skateboarding <sec> kilian martin 's atmospheric videos are a massive internet hit .  spanish skater 's elegant `` dance '' moves likened to pop star michael jackson .  martin was a junior gymnast but got hooked on skating at age of 16 .  the 27-year-old is noted for his development of tricks including the `` daffy .
 ex-detroit mayor kilpatrick released from state prison <sec> new : kilpatrick is expected to fly to texas to be reunited with his family .  he was sentenced for violating probation related to his cover-up of an affair .  kilpatrick also faces numerous federal charges related to his time as mayor .  he will be required to pay back $ 860,000 in restitutio .
 woman to plead guilty to misdemeanors in missouri wal-mart scuffle <sec> new : ellis ' permanent record will be cleared if she stays out of trouble for a year .  heather ellis agrees to probation , anger-management class .  plea deal reached as jury deliberated .  ellis testifies on her own behalf in racially charged cas .
 'hiccup girl ' charged with murder after allegedly luring man into trap <sec> new : in radio interview , jennifer mee 's mother calls her daughter 's hiccups a `` curse '' .  new : an ex-girlfriend describes the murder victim as the `` nicest guy ever '' .  police say that mee befriended a man online and lured him to a vacant hom .
 'buffy ' star arrested for third time in a year <sec> nicholas brendon of `` buffy the vampire slayer '' has a recurring role on `` criminal minds '' .  his representatives say he `` has been suffering from a lifelong desolation due to childhood trauma .
 pentagon reports success in fighting roadside bombs <sec> number of homemade bomb attacks down in iraq , up in afghanistan .  pentagon says $ 14 billion spent in past four years to combat homemade bombs .  electronic detection , vehicles with more armor cut casualtie .
 britain tense as gangs roam , violence flares in london , other cities <sec> new : bristol police tell citizens to stay away from `` a volatile situation '' in the city .  new : a bus is attacked and vandalized in ealing , west london .  police report disturbances in the liverpool area .  prime minister returns to london from holida .
 opinion : 10 reasons to welcome turning 50 <sec> peggy drexler : michelle obama turns 50 , and shows it is n't about slowing down .  drexler : the list of powerful , in-their-prime women and men over 50 is miles long .  she says : you can forget about contraception . .  you know who you are . .  drexler : you 're ok staying home on a saturday night . .  you can start ane .
 egypt : it 's time for a united arab force against isis <sec> `` this is a big deal , and it 's absolutely the right first step , '' u.s. maj. gen. james marks says .  jordan and the uae have offered military assistance to egypt , abdel fattah el-sisi say .
 dragon returns to earth after 'grand slam ' space mission <sec> `` this has been a fantastic day , '' spacex founder says .  the return caps the first commercial flight to the international space station .  the dragon capsule launched may 22 from cape canaveral , florida .  it splashed down at 11:42 a.m . .  et , controllers sa .
 english football a billionaire 's playground <sec> abu dhabi investment group agree takeover deal for manchester city .  club immediately breaks british transfer record to sign brazilian robinho .  english premier league has become a playground for billionair foreign owners .  new owners say they plan to turn city into the world 's biggest clu .
 quiz : female authors who turned the pages of history <sec> jane austen portrait sells for $ 270k at sotheby 's auction .  version of famous author will appear on £10 notes from 2017 .  how well do you know other female authors ? .  take our qui .
 china guilty of cultural imperialism ? <sec> china is keen to project its culture as well as its economic and military power .  chinese government accused of worldwide ideological campaign through confucius institutes .  several u.s. educational institutions cut ties over concerns about academic freedom .  tao : china would be better off attracting foreigners through scholarships , cultural product .
 tiny photographs from the 'limbo between art and science ' <sec> magnified image of marine plankton wins nikon small world photomicrography competition .  the annual contest draws entries from scientists and photographers alike .  view through the microscope is like `` exploring space , '' says winning photographer .  previous entries include a mosquito 's heart , a flea 's head and a pregnant aphi .
 police : santa shooter planned to kill divorce attorney , mother <sec> police say bruce jeffrey pardo had hit list after divorce proceedings were final .  original target was pardo 's ex-wife , police say , but attorney , mom also targets .  shooting and fire left 10 children orphaned and three others lost one paren .
 tornadoes hit iowa , illinois , ohio <sec> at least one person died as a result of storms in illinois , an official says .  fire department : rescuers searching for trapped victims in kirkland , illinoi .
 exclusive : the luxury hotel rooms that do n't want you to stay <sec> peninsula paris rooms `` tested '' in hong kong before release .  mock-ups are identical to real rooms , and tested for a year .  location is a secret , cnn 's david molko first journalist given acces .
 uae blogger is in prison , but is being treated well , wife says <sec> attorney for blogger is not aware of any charges against him .  about 10 men pick up ahmed mansoor from his apartment , his wife says .  dubai police promises to look into the matter .  mansoor was part of a group that petitioned the president for direct election .
 casey kasem 's long distance dedications <sec> kasem 's show featured long-distance dedications .  the dedications flowed in from around the world .  he took his role as storyteller seriousl .
 opinion : meet the de blasios , the new face of america <sec> peggy drexler : future nyc mayor bill de blasio 's family is all-american in a striking new way .  drexler : his wife is black and two children are biracial , and they are charming and fun .  drexler : number of interethnic married couples growing ; number of biracial folks climbing .  she says voters respond to families , interracial or not , with the values of de blasio .
 on web : islamic spring vs. isis ? ( opinion ) <sec> tech rendered censorship largely ineffective in arab world , argues nadia oweidat .  social media usage is growing by 125 % a year in the region , by one estimate .  moderate voices are taking to facebook and youtube to debate ideas , oweidat say .
 out of a job and finding work for others <sec> cigar factory closes its doors after 100 years in tampa , florida , leaving 500 jobless .  laid-off worker starts web site listing former colleagues ' names and skills .  prospective employers can search the site by job titles such as engineer , electrician .  so far , there are guarantees for 30 jobs , mostly for unskilled labo .
 opinion : taxpayers , you deserve your money back <sec> it 's taxpayers who finance government operations , writes bob greene .  now that much of government is shutdown , we deserve a refund , he says .  consumers would demand refund from other providers who did n't provide services , he says .  greene : government is expected to open its doors ; if not , give us our taxes bac .
 'solar suitcase ' saving moms , babies <sec> in some countries , a lack of reliable electricity is to blame for deaths during childbirth .  dr. laura stachel witnessed this tragic truth during a trip to nigeria five years ago .  she and her husband are now delivering a solution : solar energy in a suitcas .
 questions remain as tsa rolls out body imagers <sec> homeland security chief to announce deployment of 150 machines .  acting tsa head questioned about their ability to detect concealed explosives .  agency hopes to deploy 500 such imagers by end of yea .
 is this the world 's sexiest hotel room ? <sec> travel publisher mr & mrs smith announced smith hotel awards winners .  corfu suite at the blakes hotel took top spot for world 's sexiest hotel bedroom .  ace hotel in new york is hottest hotel bar .  best new hotel is in newfoundland , canad .
 civilian cargo plane crashes near afghan capital <sec> new : eight people on the plane are believed to be killed .  u.s. cargo company is investigating the crash .  a statement from isaf says plane was not one of theirs .  `` early reports indicate the plane is an l-100 hercules , '' isaf sa .
 venezuelan leader : pentagon , cia involved in plot against country <sec> nicolas maduro says `` factors in the pentagon and the cia '' are conspiring .  `` we want to say to president barack obama , stop this madness , '' maduro says .  the u.s. `` categorically rejects '' the allegations , a state department spokeswoman say .
 'nightmare ' at home for seal who shot osama bin laden <sec> navy seal who shot osama bin laden has no military pension or health care , report says .  journalist phil bronstein profiles man he calls the shooter in the march issue of esquire .  bronstein : `` he has nightmares about how he 's going to support his family .
 jonathan gruber quotes contradict obama promise - cnnpolitics.com <sec> at issue is the tax breaks business get for providing employees health insurance .  obama said only 'cadillac plans ' would be affected by this change under his law .  mit economist jonathan gruber said tax breaks to employers for all plans are 'terrible policy ' .  eventually every health insurance plan would be affected by the law due to inflatio .
 family van dragged 16 miles behind semi in michigan <sec> the menz family minivan collides with semi-truck on i-75 in michigan .  semi drags vehicle , with four passengers inside , for 16 miles in snowstorm .  `` i just want to get off the back of this thing , '' pamela menz says on 911 tap .
 say hello to google 's online magazine <sec> google has quietly launched its a quarterly publication .  think quarterly is 68-page dive into world of data and its impact on business .  magazine edited and designed by creative agency the church of londo .
 west africa flooding affects 600,000 , u.n. reports <sec> u.n. begins distributing food to tens of thousands of homeless flood victims .  u.n. says 159 have died due to flooding ; key infrastructure damaged .  waterborne diseases like cholera are a concern , u.n. official says .  `` it is always the poor and vulnerable who suffer the most from floods , '' official say .
 shipyard worker sentenced to 17 years for $ 400 million submarine fire <sec> the fire started aboard the uss miami while the sub was in dry-dock .  it took firefighters 12 hours to extinguish , and caused some $ 400 million in damage .  shipyard worker casey james fury admitted to two counts of arson .  he could have faced life in priso .
 review : oliver stone 's 'savages ' <sec> `` savages '' is a tricky , amoral , down-and-dirty crime thriller .  it 's about two marijuana dealers in laguna beach who run afoul of a mexican drug cartel .  although it 's action-packed , `` savages '' does slide off the rails during the last half hou .
 al goldstein , porn pioneer and screw magazine publisher , dies <sec> porn king al goldstein dies at age 77 of apparent renal failure .  he published screw magazine and pushed pornography into mainstream america .  goldstein once lived a lavish lifestyle before finances , health took downtur .
 army will review bergdahl 's circumstances - cnnpolitics.com <sec> official : intel indicated bergdahl 's location a few times , but it was too risky to get him .  bergdahl was freed in exchange for 5 held at guantanamo , who are moved to qatar .  official : bergdahl left on his own but no definitive finding he deserted , probe finds .  some hail the american soldier 's release , while others criticize the mov .
 san fran da : no charges against 49ers wide receiver crabtree <sec> police investigated allegations of sexual assault .  the san francisco district attorney decides not to file charges .  49ers said crabtree , team can now `` move forward '' .  wide receiver was not detained or arrested , police sai .
 ryan ferguson wants man who helped imprison him freed , too <sec> ryan ferguson , 29 , released after serving quarter of 40-year sentence for murder , robbery .  judge in case ruled that prosecution withheld `` material '' interview with witness 's wife .  ferguson says of man who helped land him behind bars , `` he 's not a murderer '' .  he says it 's `` incredibly important '' to find the real killer , to whom evidence point .
 obama , cameron blast release of lockerbie bomber <sec> leaders of the u.s. and britain condemn the release of the lockerbie bomber .  cameron says the scottish government released al megrahi without bp influence .  he pledges to cooperate with a congressional inquiry into the release .  cameron says he `` understands '' american anger over the bp oil spil .
 pirates hijack two chemical tankers off somalia <sec> pirates hijack two european-owned chemical tankers off the coast of somalia .  23,000-ton norwegian-owned m/v bow-asir captured .  m/v nipayia , a 9,000-ton greek-owned vessel also seize .
 aaron hernandez murder trial <sec> a massachusetts jury is deliberating hernandez 's case .  hernandez is charged with first-degree murder in the killing of odin lloy .
 ask the right question about gang rape <sec> commentators focused on why students did n't report alleged rape , astor says .  studies of school violence show ways it can be prevented , he says .  astor : training can prepare students to alert police and avert violenc .
 without frontiers , young people mobilize for change <sec> gordon brown says 2013 already being defined by young people prepared to demonstrate for rights .  arab spring was a role model for activism around diverse causes , says u.n. special envoy for global education .  following attack on malala yousafzai , petitions supporting education for girls signed by about three million people .  many girls saying elders can no longer trample on their rights , says former uk prime ministe .
 judge blocks arizona sheriff arpaio 's workplace raids <sec> a federal judge rules that sheriff joe arpaio ca n't enforce his state 's identity theft laws .  the laws are likely trumped by federal laws , the judge rules .  arpaio has used the laws to justify workplace raid .
 the 2011 i wish had happened <sec> dean obeidallah says 2011 was a good year for comedy , but it could have been better .  he says more forgetfulness by rick perry and more speeches by joe biden would have helped .  his biggest disappointment : sarah palin is n't running for presiden .
 premier league : townsend tantalizes in tottenham win at villa <sec> andros townsend scores opening goal for tottenham in aston villa defeat .  roberto soldado adds a second goal for spurs .  defeat sees aston villa drop to 13th in premier league , spurs up to fifth .  townsend signed a new four-year deal with spurs earlier in the wee .
 instagram gets time-lapse videos moving with hyperlapse <sec> hyperlapse is a new iphone app from instagram for creating time-lapse videos .  it uses the iphone 's gyroscope to stabilize videos .  hyperlapse videos can be shot while moving .  you do not need an instagram or facebook account to use the ap .
 cnn student news - september 9 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 the world 's weirdest food festivals <sec> hawaii is america 's largest consumer of spam . .  no wonder they host the annual spam jam . .  in the u.s. , there are food festivals dedicated to bugs and fried testicles . .  food wrestling is a theme at several celebrations , including potato days . .  at räbechilbi in switzerland , turnips are turned into works of art .
 zimbabwe troops on streets as cash limits ease <sec> residents flock to banks after limits on cash withdrawals lifted ; troops patrol streets .  central bank caps maximum daily withdrawals at 500,000 zimbabwean dollars .  bank last week raise that limit to 100 million dollars ( $ 50 u.s. ) per week .  zimbabwe 's inflation rate of 231 million percent is the world 's highes .
 sources : obama , gop 's snowe work on health care compromise <sec> maine sen. olympia snowe 's plan does n't include public care option .  but public option is triggered if private companies do n't offer reforms .  snowe is considered last possibility for democrats to get some gop backin .
 defending champions andy murray , serena williams coast at u.s. open <sec> andy murray beats germany 's florian mayer to reach the fourth round at the u.s. open .  murray did n't face a break point and hit more than 40 winners as he advanced in straight sets .  tomas berdych moved a step closer to meeting murray after thumping julien benneteau .  serena williams crushes sloane stephens after stephens upset the world no . .  1 in melbourn .
 florida a & m ; band suspends band camp , other clubs <sec> 'our top priority is ... health , safety , '' university president says .  the action comes after the november hazing death of robert champion .  also four students were arrested in an unrelated band hazing incident .  the college is looking into how best to address hazing problem .
 crime , immigration issues dominate guatemala debate <sec> top five presidential candidates offer ideas for curbing soaring crime rate .  two candidates call illegal migrants to u.s. `` heroes '' .  all discuss ways to slow immigration to u.s. by improving things at home .  guatemala city debate comes amid wave of violence against candidate .
 freddie gray death : protesters rally in baltimore <sec> `` we have the power and ... today shows we have the numbers , '' says a protester .  the justice department is looking into whether a civil rights violation occurred .  autopsy results on gray show that he died from a severe injury to his spinal cor .
 'onion field ' killer dies in prison <sec> gregory powell was 79 .  he was serving a life sentence for the 1963 murder of a los angeles police officer .  the crime was chronicled in joseph wambaugh 's book , `` the onion field .
