 ntsb says train detection system failed in days before d.c. crash <sec> officials earlier said track circuit had been repaired june 17 , five days before crash .  in update , ntsb says that after repair , circuit periodically lost `` ability to detect trains '' .  it 's not clear if operators were aware of problem before accident , ntsb says .  since crash , trains have been operated manually , ntsb has run tests at crash sit .
 slain assistant principal sent student home because of trespass charge <sec> police believe robert butler jr. used a gun belonging to his father , a police detective .  assistant principal vicki kaspar called butler into her office hours before the shooting .  butler apologized in advance in a posting on his facebook page .  butler 's family offers `` sympathy and prayers '' to families of those affecte .
 a diva who defined the disco moment <sec> mark coleman : donna summer , who died thursday , defined the disco era of the '70s .  he says her music first found audience in nyc 's gay club scene , then gained national fame .  he says her `` love to love you baby '' was a racy , controversial and influential hit .  coleman : she developed as artist over years , but her disco hits are biggest legac .
 farm in the city could be supermarket of the future <sec> concept designed to produce all food of a modern supermarket on one plot of land .  dutch architects say they will use mix of technologies to create artificial growing climates .  scheme designed to reduce food production and transportation emissions .  crop scientist has doubts about creating artificial microclimate .
 feds : extradited farc leader convicted in u.s. on drug charges <sec> ignacio leal garcia was extradited to the united states last year .  he is one of five alleged farc leaders convicted in the u.s . .  prosecutors say he oversaw `` thousands of tons of cocaine '' intended for the u.s .
 10 spots preserved by the 1964 wilderness act turn 50 <sec> landmark wilderness act turns 50 in september .  nearly 110 million acres of wilderness now protected by act .  included is ansel adams wilderness area in california .  other spots are in oregon , montana , wyoming , new hampshir .
 mumbai operation appears nearly over <sec> new : police chief says last gunmen in taj killed , authorities `` sanitizing '' hotel .  new : national security guard head says more attackers could be inside .  new : news coincides with end of gunfire at taj , signaling potential end of siege .  death toll at 160 civilians , police and military , including 5 american .
 controversial execution in ohio uses new drug combination <sec> execution was `` a failed , agonizing experiment , '' attorney says .  a medical expert questions why the process took 24 minutes .  convicted killer dennis mcguire reportedly says `` i 'm going to heaven '' .  facing shortages , states are scrambling to find new drug protocol .
 introducing 2012 emmy watch : nominations i wish we 'd see <sec> critic picks some of the shows he 's like to see nominated for an emmy .  some award winners of past show up on the list .  it 's a motely crew of potential nominee .
 manny pacquiao regains world title with win over timothy bradley <sec> manny pacquiao regains wbo welterweight crown .  'pacman ' beats timothy bradley on unanimous points decision .  bradley beat pacquiao in controversial circumstances in 2012 .  pacquiao is a national hero in his native philippine .
 is fine to avoid military service fair ? debate surges in peru <sec> authorities say peru will likely hold a selective draft this may .  those who do n't want to serve can pay a $ 715 fine .  critics say the measure allows the wealthy to avoid military service .  military leaders say the new measure is not discriminator .
 pistorius relief after south africa awarded place in 4x400m relay final <sec> south africa awarded place in friday 's 4x400m relay final on appeal .  their second leg runner in heats fell and dislocated his shoulder .  double amputee oscar pistorius is in the south african team .  u.s. and bahamas qualify for final joint fastes .
 cnn student news - december 10 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 in south carolina , rubio heals wounds on the right <sec> the florida senator is a likely candidate for the gop presidential nomination .  he was a speaker at the `` faith and freedom '' barbecue fundraiser monday night .  group of dreamers heckled him during his speech .  conservatives liked what they heard , but want him to explain his views on immigratio .
 iraq : moderates are hard to find as 'bad old days ' return in baghdad <sec> cnn 's michael holmes returns to iraq for first time in 2 years .  holmes : mood in baghdad is one of dread over where next bomb will go off .  public services are spotty and deadly bombings are daily occurrence across country .  former prime minister tells cnn iraq seems stuck on path to sectarian wa .
 israeli authorities name suspects in teens ' kidnapping <sec> the israel security agency names suspects in teens ' kidnapping .  isa says `` hamas activists '' are to blame .  the three teenagers disappeared from the west bank on june 12 .  netanyahu calls on abbas to take actio .
 liberal group 'cuts ' midterm ebola ad blaming gop <sec> the liberal advocacy group mixes footage of the ebola outbreak with republicans saying the word `` cut '' . .  the group 's president blamed republicans for the ebola crisis and `` thousands of deaths '' . .  the group is planning to run the ad in states with competitive 2014 senate races .
 documents : florida slaying victims knew suspect <sec> bizarre docs show dad tried to copyright children 's names .  cops : murder organizer knew victims , received financial support from them .  sheriff says one more arrest expected in killings of byrd and melanie billings .  couple who adopted special needs children fatally shot july .
 supreme court to weigh criminal dna law <sec> court to examine whether police can take dna samples after arrest .  case involves challenge to maryland man by man convicted of rape .  courts have been at odds over when samples can be collected .  supreme court decision could have implications nationall .
 train crash in croatia kills at least six <sec> high-speed passenger train leaves its tracks on the outskirts of split , croatia .  at least six people killed and 45 injured , according to police .  the train was on its way from the croatian capital , zagreb , to spli .
 house republican leaders float $ 375 billion in budget cuts <sec> new : .  proposed savings would come from capping nondefense discretionary spending .  plan would also create a government spending review commission .  in may , the obama administration proposed $ 17 billion in cut .
 al-jazeera journalist killed in benghazi , network says <sec> new : an advocacy group documents more than 40 recent attacks on the media in libya .  new : cnn 's nic robertson and crew were detained friday by forces loyal to gadhafi .  the al-jazeera cameraman had reported on an opposition protest .  the network says it will not be silen .
 q & a : jimmy wales on 10 years of wikipedia <sec> online encyclopedia wikipedia turns 10 years old on saturday .  founder jimmy wales : `` wikipedia is pretty good but not perfect '' .  wales says he worries about censorship in many parts of the worl .
 slaughterhouse accused of inhumane treatment of cattle reopens <sec> the u.s. agriculture department said central valley meat co. in califoirnia can resume processing .  animal rights video showed unacceptable treatment of cattle but no food safety violations- usda .  company has agreed to corrective steps , including additional training on humane treatment of animal .
 'knight 's ' bale : who is that masked man ? <sec> christian bale prizes his privacy .  actor has been known to make up stories about himself .  with success of `` dark knight , '' he may find spotlight shining more brightl .
 obama , pope francis meet for first time - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the meeting is called a step toward smoothing tensions with catholics .  abortion and obamacare mandates on contraception are areas of disagreement .  one place for common ground : the plight of immigrants and the poor .  pope francis ' popularity could give president obama a small bump in the poll .
 the supermodel , warlord and dirty little diamonds <sec> christopher santora : naomi campbell brought attention to charles taylor 's war crimes trial .  since 2008 , he writes , judges have heard of rape , amputation , slavery , child soldiers .  big businesses complicit by profiting from timber , diamonds in war zones , he says .  dirty secret is that affluent countries profit from the world 's worst wars , he write .
 george clooney slams uk tabloid report on his marriage <sec> daily mail said clooney 's future mother-in-law opposes his marriage on religious grounds .  clooney responds in usa today , calling the story `` completely fabricated '' and `` dangerous '' .  the story was removed from the mail 's website , and the paper is investigating .  clooney rarely responds to the media 's stories about his personal lif .
 jeannie longo-ciprelli <sec> cyclist 's olympic record : 1 gold medal , 2 silver medals , 1 bronze medal .  cyclist was born october 31 , 1958 , in annency , france .  by 1988 longo-ciprelli was a three-time road race world champio .
 commentary : a surprising model for obama 's presidency <sec> julian e. zelizer : the obama presidency resembles that of lyndon b. johnson .  zelizer says both aimed high and worked skillfully with congressional leaders .  a president can shape legislation without dictating the details , professor says .  zelizer : obama has gotten big results from congress by keeping leaders on his sid .
 dalai lama to undergo medical examination <sec> tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama will undergo a medical exam this week .  dalai lama was recently admitted for tests after suffering abdominal discomfort .  the check-up in new delhi is likely to take several hour .
 maryland exorcism killings : mental evaluation ordered for mom <sec> zakieya l. avery , 28 , and monifa sanford , 21 , have been ordered to undergo evaluations .  both women have been charged with two counts of first-degree murder .  avery allegedly led a group called `` demon assassins , '' authorities say .  the purpose of the group `` was to get rid of the devil , the evil spirits , '' police sa .
 protests planned ahead of arizona 's controversial immigration law <sec> arizona 's controversial immigration enforcement law takes effect thursday .  many demonstrations are planned to protest the law .  those include a group of union members , students and religious leaders from los angeles .  there are at least three court challenges to the la .
 australian quadriplegic granted right to starve to death <sec> series of accidents in 1988 left christian rossiter unable to live normally .  rossiter : `` i ca n't even wipe the tears from my eyes '' .  ruling means nursing facility can not be held liable for allowing him to die .  critics fear the ruling will set a dangerous preceden .
 violence flares at greek teen 's funeral <sec> funeral held for 15-year-old shot dead by police in greece .  anti-government violence flares at funeral and outside parliament .  protesters are angry at government policies as well as the teen 's death .  alexandros grigoropoulos ' death sparked riots across greec .
 freed journalist 's mom asked 'proof of life ' question <sec> nancy curtis said she e-mailed james foley 's mother with the news .  peter theo curtis is a freelance journalist and author .  he had been held for nearly two years by islamist militants .  u.n. peacekeepers in the golan heights facilitated his handove .
 'marikana massacre : ' an unresolved dispute <sec> in august 2012 , workers at a marikana mine demanded better wages and living conditions .  thirty four of them were shot by police in south africa 's bloodiest labor dispute since apartheid .  a year later , a commission of inquiry set up to probe the incident is incomplete .  cnn tracked down the family of mgcineni noki , 34 , who was killed in the attac .
 source : pakistan 's pm urged afghans to seek other allies besides u.s . <sec> the meeting was held in april in kabul .  the source says pakistan 's prime minister suggested closer ties to china .  tensions have been high between washington and islamabad in recent month .
 george harrison 's son , ben harper form a band <sec> they call themselves fistful of mercy , after the track of the same name .  the trio had recorded the nine acoustic tracks that make up `` as i call you down '' .  the band will hit the road together in octobe .
 facebook post threatening police lands woman in jail <sec> sheriff 's spokeswoman : ebony dickens is out of jail after posting $ 10,000 bond .  police : authorities found a firearm , three computers in her east point residence .  dickens is accused of posting her facebook rant under the name tiffany mila .
 the real-life indiana jones uncovering lost cities <sec> slovenian archaeologist ivan šprajc discovers ancient mayan cities in the jungles of mexico .  his discoveries could help explain why so many mayan cities were abandoned before the arrival of the spaniard .
 report : security on u.s.-canada border fails terror test <sec> new : border patrol official defends agency 's priorities to senators .  unmanned points make for easy border crossings , report says .  three times agents crossed border with fake radioactive material .  nearly 1,000 agents on northern border , 12,000 on u.s.-mexican borde .
 bruno mars booked for super bowl halftime show <sec> mars has been nominated for 14 grammys and has sold over 115 million singles .  super bowl xlviii is set for new jersey 's metlife stadium on february 2 , 2014 .  super bowl halftime show is the most-watched musical event of the year , the nfl says .  michael jackson 's 1993 super bowl performance launched the tradition of big halftime show .
 unexpected places to find the american flag <sec> ireporters share unusual spots they 've seen the stars and stripes .  the flag of the united states was first adopted on june 14 , 177 .
 5 fun and odd gadgets from ces <sec> tech companies and gadget startups show new products at the consumer electronics show .  there was a glut of home and health sensors , but a few products stood out .  a `` smart fork '' tracks how fast you eat to help you lose weight .  a gps-based device will track your lost luggag .
 commentary : do n't confuse money with happiness <sec> peter bregman : in the boom , people sacrificed their joys for more money .  he says beyond a certain point , money does n't increase happiness .  bregman : use hard times to evaluate what makes you happy and pursue i .
 lord of the dance <sec> the greatest japanese dancer is known as `` teddy '' to friends and fans .  experienced a meteoric rise through the ranks at the royal ballet , london .  controversially left the covent garden stage to form his own compan .
 3 killed in train derailment in canada <sec> new : 45 passengers are injured , rail line official says .  those killed were employees of via rail canada .  the train was carrying 75 passenger .
 report : british police made mistakes in savile investigation <sec> new : chief inspector calls on police to improve policies and practices to keep children safe .  jimmy savile was one of britain 's best-loved tv personalities .  the former bbc presenter stands accused of being a pedophile .  alleged sexual abuse victims of savile are suing the bbc and the savile estat .
 'gravity ' leads bafta nominations <sec> films nominated for the british academy film awards announced .  director alfonso cuaron 's `` gravity '' nominated for 11 baftas .  `` 12 years a slave '' and `` american hustle '' each scored 10 nominations .  award winners will be announced at a red carpet ceremony on february 1 .
 new york school bus drivers announce strike plan <sec> school bus drivers union will strike wednesday if it does n't reach deal with new york city .  more than 150,000 students in city would be affected by a strike .  union officials say they seek job security ; mayor bloomberg has opened some routes for bi .
 djokovic and nadal heading for showdown ; serena marches on in rome <sec> novak djokovic reaches semifinal of rome masters beating jo-wilfried tsonga .  rafael nadal and roger federer also go through in straight sets .  serena williams into semifinals of accompanying wta tournament .  williams to play li na of china for a place in sunday 's fina .
 new wave of location-based apps mark a 'paradigm shift ' <sec> as location technology grows , mobile apps are trending toward `` discovery '' .  trover lets users see photos of interesting things that others have shared nearby .  alfred , from cleversense , uses a web crawler to compare your favorites to spots near yo .
 more nurses mean more patients live <sec> theresa brown : this is nurses week , but hospitals do n't do much to honor nurses .  brown : studies show that as hospitals cut nursing staff , more patients die .  better staffing , she writes , means more attention can be paid to patients .  best gift for nurses would be enough staff -- or at least a paid lunch , she say .
 zimbabwe elections : why is nobody dancing after mugabe 's latest win ? <sec> robert mugabe declared winner of zimbabwe election : opposition disputes result .  opposition leader tsvangirai calls election `` fraudulent , '' plans to fight in court .  mbanga : ruling zanu-pf party rigged voter rolls , threatened police officers .  mbanga : zimbabwe is despondent after mugabe re-electio .
 opinion : latinos left behind by obamacare <sec> dr. cristina beato says obama 's spanish-language health care site has been sloppy and often down . .  she argues the affordable care act will hurt , rather than help , many latinos .  beato : hispanics came to u.s. for promise of opportunity , but obamacare is hurting tha .
 judge warned palin in 2005 to back off brother-in-law 's job <sec> new : judge told palin not to interfere with former brother-in-law 's job .  lawmakers are investigating why alaska commissioner was fired .  gov . .  palin , the republican vice presidential nominee , denies wrongdoin .
 'shocked ' williams wins u.s. open final thriller <sec> serena williams beats world no . .  1 victoria azarenka in the final of the u.s. open .  it was the first time in 17 years that the women 's title match went to three sets .  she becomes first 30-something woman to win a grand slam since 1987 .  williams wins her 15th grand slam title , adding to wimbledon and olympic crown .
 ousted honduran president returns to nicaragua <sec> new : zelaya says he did not go further into honduras to avoid violence .  secretary of state hillary clinton calls zelaya 's actions `` reckless '' .  `` i am not afraid when i work for a just and noble cause , '' zelaya says upon return .  deposed leader walks under border chain friday surrounded by supporter .
 obama 's cell phone records breached <sec> new : internal verizon e-mail says no e-mail accessible on phone .  obama spokesman says verizon wireless employee accessed billing records .  spokesman says the phone is old and obama no longer uses it .  no indication any calls were monitored or voicemails improperly accesse .
 ukraine 's president-elect vows vengeance over helicopter attack <sec> four more international monitors have gone missing , this time in luhansk .  president-elect petro poroshenko says he will punish those behind helicopter attack .  acting ukraine defense minister says military operation will continue until east is stable .  separatist militants clash with national guard unit in luhansk regio .
 review : 'in time ' mediocre movie with great premise <sec> justin timberlake plays will salas , a factory worker in a race against time .  hamilton gives will all but a few minutes of his life .  tragedy sets him on his path towards addressing the injustices of the worl .
 minsuk cho 's dramatic architecture <sec> cho is a contemporary architect from south korea .  worked with rem koolhaas with firm oma .  cho designed the south korean pavilion at the shanghai exp .
 accused of punching a photographer , actor sam worthington arrested <sec> sam worthington is accused of punching photographer sheng li in the face , nypd says .  li is accused of kicking worthington 's female companion , nypd says .  worthington is known for his leading role in the 2009 smash hit `` avatar .
