 nfl wants players ' suit over concussions dismissed <sec> more than 4,000 former players say they were n't warned of head trauma dangers .  a judge has delayed ruling on the nfl 's request .  the players want damages , treatment and medical monitoring .  researchers are making strides in the study of the brain disease ct .
 egypt 's attorney general forbids mubarak from leaving country <sec> new : former lawmaker says documents he filed are `` solid and concrete '' evidence of wrongdoing .  egypt 's attorney general orders the assets of former president mubarak and his family frozen .  mubarak 's family is also prohibited from leaving the country .  mubarak resigned february 11 after 18 days of protests against his rul .
 is it time to end that friendship ? <sec> techniques for ending a friendship you ca n't stand any longer .  women are `` bound to outgrow certain friendships , '' says new york city psychotherapist .  if a friend is suddenly booked until 2013 , it 's a sign the friendship is ove .
 obama talks about 'worst day of my presidency , ' goals for next term <sec> president speaks to nbc for nearly 30 minutes .  interview covers subjects like taxes , security at foreign embassies , gun control .  obama plans to introduce immigration legislation in next year .  he thinks chuck hagel would be qualified to be next secretary of defens .
 south korea 's school bullying has deadly consequences <sec> south korea 's media has been filled with reports about tragic cases of school bullying .  this week two more students from same class reportedly took their own lives due to bullying .  experts say many south korean teenagers desperately need a means to escape .  the hyper-competitive nature of south korean society is held up as one reason for bullyin .
 being overweight wo n't fly -- not on air india <sec> until two years ago , air india allowed an attendant 's weight to vary within 6.6 pounds .  weight-discrimination lawsuits forced u.s. carriers to do away with weight limits .  in india , the attendants are not deemed medically unfit -- just over the weight limi .
 china 's frontiers : is there anything left to explore ? <sec> journalist wong how man has been exploring china 's most remote areas since 1974 .  china shares land borders with 14 countries , which wong says are the best places for exploration .  `` it 's fascinating to look at the dynamics between people at borders , '' says won .
 darfur supporters seek $ 7.25 billion to rebuild ravaged region <sec> the united nations , world bank and governments convene to raise money for darfur .  organizers seek to raise $ 7.25 billion to redevelop war-ravaged region in sudan .  conference in doha , qatar , receives mixed reaction from residents of darfur .  brutal sudan government crackdown on darfur rebellion began in 200 .
 oculus 'many months away , ' but could be a game changer <sec> oculus vr has created a virtual reality technology , currently at the prototype stage .  facebook bought the company in march for over $ 2 billion .  brendan iribe , oculus vr 's ceo , says a consumer version is still `` many months '' away .  the technology could transform the way we communicate , say its creator .
 triage and trauma in nepal : two days in gorkha <sec> a trip to the town of gorkha shows the human toll of the earthquake .  international teams are assisting nepalese medical staff , official .
 muifa downgraded to tropical storm , heads to coastal china <sec> new : state media : authorities cancel flights and order boats to stay at port .  china evacuates more than 600,000 residents along coastal areas .  muifa spares the financial hub of shanghai .  once a typhoon , muifa has been downgraded to a tropical stor .
 russia protesters demand putin 's resignation <sec> tens of thousands of demonstrators show up to protest .  it 's time for putin to discuss the terms of his departure , an opposition leader says .  protesters reject putin 's election as president , saying the vote was not fre .
 fifa sets deadline for nigeria to overturn ban <sec> fifa has given nigeria until monday to overturn the ban imposed on the soccer team .  nigerian government banned the national side for two years after a poor world cup .  the suspension involves a freeze on any financial help from the sport 's governing bod .
 dutch 'royal attack ' death toll rises <sec> death toll from suspected attack on dutch royal family rises to seven .  incident happened during the netherlands annual queen 's day celebration .  car hit crowd near open-top bus carrying queen beatrix of netherlands .  police : no other clues that could lead to the involvement of other peopl .
 faa watching american airlines closely after botched landings <sec> faa says it is scrutinizing american airlines after three faulty landings in december .  faa investigating because incidents over a short period of time , says faa spokesman .  american airlines says faa investigation routine in landing incident .
 libya fighters in 'final stages ' to take gadhafi hometown , they say <sec> new : a hospital in sirte , one of the last bastions of pro-gadhafi troops , falls , the ntc says .  new : troops loyal to libya 's new leaders enter bani walid for the first time .  about 10 are killed and more than 100 wounded in the fighting for sirte .  the ntc has been battling hard to take control of gadhafi 's hometow .
 ahmadinejad : iran has 'been able to control ' u.s. drone <sec> the spy plane belongs to iran , defense minister says .  president obama has asked iran to return the drone .  `` there are people here who have been able to control this spy plane , '' the iranian president tells vtv .  u.s. officials have said that the missing drone was part of a cia reconnaissance missio .
 democrats voice concerns on obama 's iraq drawdown plan <sec> president obama announces drawdown of combat troops in iraq by august 2010 .  some democrats question size of residual force to remain in iraq .  democratic rep. dennis kucinich says new troop plan does not `` go far enough '' .  sen. john mccain offers praise , calling obama 's plan `` reasonable .
 amputees in liberia find hope in football <sec> many members of liberia 's amputee football team had lost the will to live .  they were recruited by a counselor working to rehabilitate former fighters .  coach paul tolbert : `` they are men who bring pride to this nation '' .  photos were taken by war photographer christopher morris for the icr .
 federal officials seeking involvement in penn state probe <sec> a u.s. attorney in pennsylvania says federal authorities are ready to get involved .  pennsylvania 's sen. bob casey calls for a hearing on laws to protect childre .
 hezbollah choice at center of lebanon vote <sec> analysts say the race will be tight .  some say the hezbollah-dominated alliance may win a parliamentary majority .  turnout is expected to be high among the country 's 3 million registered voters .  about 50,000 troops deploy to the street .
 commentary : the real ties between lincoln and obama <sec> harold holzer : obama has much in common with lincoln , the 16th president .  he says the two were underdog candidates , authors , famed orators .  yet holzer says there are many differences in their stories .  holzer : obama represents validation of lincoln 's hope of equal opportunit .
 quebec elderly home fire : 'the heart of our village is now gone ' <sec> investigators are searching the scene for victims and evidence .  ten people have been confirmed dead in the fire ; police believe 22 others perished .  `` the heart of our village is now gone , '' one woman tells ctv .  a 90-year-old woman says she left her walker behind and escape .
 low reactor water level may have caused fuel rods to melt <sec> new : government decides to euthanize livestock in no-entry zone .  new : no need for alarm among the public , but nuclear workers face risks , expert says .  tokyo electric power co. blames the incident on a faulty gauge .  a new water leak is suspected at fukushima daiichi reactor no . .
 money laundering gets a little harder to prove <sec> in one case , court rules that hiding money not same as money laundering .  in another , justices say prosecutors have to prove gambling ring laundered `` profits '' .  cases involved cash hidden in car , illegal indiana lotter .
 kirsten confirmed as south africa coach <sec> cricket south africa appoints gary kirsten to be new national coach .  the 43-year-old has just ended a three-year spell with world cup winners india .  kirsten will be assisted by his former international teammate allan donald .  second test between england and sri lanka at lord 's is heading for a dra .
 stargazing in the desert : the magic of namibia 's night skies <sec> namib desert is one of the best places in the world to stargaze .  pitch black at night , its has been named an international dark sky reserve .  environmental groups are keeping the desert free from light pollutio .
 indiana religious freedom bill debated on social media <sec> social media supporters of indiana 's `` religious freedom '' bill say it protects their right to hold their own beliefs . .  opponents of the bill say its `` freedom '' is a cover for bigotry against gays and lesbians . .  some indiana businesses tweet that they will continue to serve all customers , regardless of orientation . .  some users take to social media in attempt to organize boycott of indian .
 does big money spell big trouble in campaigns ? <sec> roughly $ 6 billion will be spent on presidential election -- much through anonymous donors .  the supreme court has ruled that this practice qualifies as free speech .  lawmakers ca n't agree on requiring big donors to disclose their identities .  some say they 're less likely to vote because big donors have so much influenc .
 migrants forced to flee eritrea for uncertain future <sec> for 25 years , ali addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into djibouti .  many come from somalia , ethiopia and especially eritrea -- which is ruled by a one-party state .  despite the risks , eritrean refugees say they 'd risk their lives with people smuggler .
 'skull lady ' makes faces for the dead <sec> sharon long is forensic artist who creates faces from skulls .  fort myers , florida , police called her after they found eight sets of remains .  only two of the eight remains have been identifie .
 travel delays ahead : faa furloughs begin sunday <sec> transportation officials say travelers will wait , and wait , and wait out effects of sequester .  `` this is very painful ... sequester is a dumb idea , '' says secretary lahood .  delays could run from minutes into hours at major airports with fewer controllers .  weather problems could make delays even longe .
 rwanda was n't what i thought it would be <sec> april 7 marks 20 years since the start of the rwanda genocide .  leann hager , an aid worker , spent 2012-2014 in rwanda .  when she heard rwanda , she thought of genocide , until she got there .  have a personal essay to share with the world ? .  submit at cnn irepor .
 apple seems to have gotten a little bit lost <sec> apple ceo tim cook had to apologize for new maps app on iphone 5 and ios 6 .  nilay patel : in its competition with google , apple seems to have gotten a bit lost .  he says it 's more than a little strange for apple to tell customers to try other products .  patel : no company wants to be praised for its apologies ; apple needs to get it righ .
 kerry pleads for no new sanctions on iran as nuclear talks continue - cnnpolitics.com <sec> 1 gop senator will be `` patient ; '' another accuses white house of appeasement .  carney : if you wo n't support talks , then you support war as only option .  kerry says new sanctions `` could be viewed as bad faith '' by iran .  congressman say they may propose new iran sanctions as nuclear talks continu .
 mom bloggers take on politics <sec> mom bloggers are tackling the challenges of parenting and being politically active .  no matter their party affiliation , these bloggers agree that the community aspect helps them .  bloggers swap parenting advice and political sparrin .
 award-winning author anita desai : india is my inspiration <sec> born in india , desai is the daughter of a bengali father and german mother .  the prolific author has been a booker prize finalist three times .  although she now lives in the united states , desai says india is the source of all her wor .
 review : chris brown 's f.a.m.e . <sec> the title of his new disc , `` f.a.m.e. , '' is an acronym for ''forgiving all my enemies '' .  `` f.a.m.e . '' .  ( out march 22 ) shines brighter than anything he produced before .  the uncertainty of love is a recurring theme on the albu .
 why we 're all guilty in abuse of women <sec> phoebe schreiner : we react in horror at comments in bbc doc where india rapist says women err in fighting back .  but she says americans should look inward at their own tolerance for violence against women , demonstrated in sobering assault stats .  schreiner : we dodge accountability for misogyny and sexual abuse in our own culture by focusing on countries that are `` the other .
 north carolina storm outbreak may have included twisters <sec> new : damaging winds bring tornado warnings across eastern north carolina .  severe weather system to start in plains , expected to move east .  little rock , arkansas , has a 70 % chance of severe thunderstorms sunday night .  nashville also may see 25-mph wind .
 amazon.com courts newspaper publishers for kindle <sec> amazon will give newspapers a 70 percent cut of digital sales for its kindle e-reader .  if new strategy is successful , amazon could become the primary newsstand online .  the company also is providing publishers with a tool to import pages to other platforms easil .
 deiss , muller , thuringer win cnn journalist award for coverage of neo-nazi murders <sec> deiss , muller , thuringer win cnn journalist award .  story looks at search for answers following series of murders by neo-nazis in germany .  cnn host german journalism awards in munich thursday nigh .
 mysterious cache of jewels turns up atop french glacier <sec> a mountaineer discovers jewels on french glacier .  they could be from one of two airliners that crashed near the spot , one in 1950 , the other 1966 .  french authorities are trying to trace the owner .
 in afghanistan , troops trying to blend in better <sec> commanders say current uniform does n't blend well in afghanistan 's countryside .  army this month will field-test two new camouflage patterns in afghanistan .  army hopes to have decision on new pattern by the end of january 201 .
 argentine singer mercedes sosa , 'voice of latin america , ' dies at 74 <sec> singer mercedes sosa `` lived her 74 years to the fullest , '' her son says .  she had suffered from liver , kidney and heart ailments , washington post reports .  `` her voice always carried a profound message of social engagement , '' her site says .  viewing to be held sunday at the congress of the nation in buenos aire .
 30 reported dead after pakistani airstrikes targeting militants <sec> the latest strikes hit loosely governed tribal regions that border afghanistan .  they come after peace talks with the taliban broke down last week .  the military has carried out a series of recent airstrikes that have killed scores .  a pakistani official says the military is trying to push the haqqani network out of pakista .
 alito 's reaction to obama was fair <sec> jeffrey toobin says a comment by president obama led to an awkward moment .  he says justice samuel alito seemed to disagree on obama 's take on campaign finance ruling .  toobin says obama was mostly right on the result of recent court decision .  he says alito also was right to express his view ; justices are human being .
 facetime with victor chu <sec> victor chu is ceo of chinese investment firm , first eastern investment group .  gulf needs chinese engineers and construction companies , says chu .  there are now 200,000 chinese residents in the u.a.e .
 e-cigarettes vs. big tobacco : who will win ? ( opinion ) <sec> the fda is considering how best to regulate electronic cigarettes as tobacco products .  oliver kershaw : fda proposal will benefit big tobacco companies , and that 's bad .  he says if tobacco industry is given monopoly of e-cigarette products , public health will suffer .  kershaw : fda should let e-cigarette industry innovate to save tobacco smokers ' live .
 sotomayor resigns from women 's club <sec> supreme court justice nominee resigns from belizean grove .  sotomayor says her membership did not violate judicial code of ethics .  but she says she does n't want issue to distract from her recor .
 egypt and ghana through to african final <sec> defending champions egypt will play ghana in the african cup of nations final .  egypt thrash rivals algeria 4-0 as their opponents finish the match with just eight men .  ghana edge past near-neighbors nigeria 1-0 to secure their place in the fina .
 rapper doe b killed in alabama <sec> bullets sprayed the crowd at a club in montgomery .  the police are still searching for the shooter .  the centennial hill bar and grill had been a thorn in the side of the city .  the mayor shut it down after the shootin .
 whoopi goldberg 's 'one really major regret ' <sec> whoopi goldberg has been terrified of flying for 30 years .  says she was n't in love with her 3 husbands and got married to `` feel normal '' .  `` view '' co-host is the producer of a stage version of `` sister act .
 most dangerous transit systems for women <sec> thomson reuters foundation says six in 10 women in major latin american cities report having been physically harassed while using transport systems .  bogota , colombia , found to have the most unsafe public transport , followed by mexico city and lima .  new york rated as the best of the 16 cities followed by tokyo , beijing and londo .
 english premier league : ramsey and giroud salvage draw for arsenal <sec> arsenal rescue point after trailing 2-0 to everton at goodison park .  aaron ramsey and olivier giroud score late on to earn draw .  arsenal now third in english premier league with four points from two opening matches .  chelsea maintain 100 % start to season with 2-0 win against leicester cit .
 syrian opposition group not part of planned talks <sec> main opposition group is not invited to talks with regime in moscow .  government says it 's ready for talks with the opposition , according to state news agency .  moscow says it will broker the talks in january , itar-tass reports .  u.n. negotiations between the warring parties fell apart in februar .
 nyc mayor 's `` pizzagate '' could mean real dough for charity <sec> to the `` gates '' of political lore , add one for nyc mayor bill de blasio : pizzagate .  the new mayor was photographed chowing down in a pizzeria , using a knife and fork .  now the pizzeria owner wants to auction the infamous fork for charity .  de blasio 's office is all for it : `` we hope they include the knife to raise even more funds .
 al qaeda in yemen kills 5 soldiers , official says <sec> the incident took place in marib province .  aqap recently was called more dangerous than bin laden 's pakistan group .  the united states tried but failed to take out al-awlaki in a drone strik .
 missing teen did n't have mom 's ok for trip <sec> brittanee drexel disappears on trip to myrtle beach , south carolina .  mom says she spoke to daughter but did n't know she was out of state .  brittanee is believed to have last been seen saturday evenin .
 memorial day : what you can do <sec> volunteering time at a nearby veterans cemetery can be a way to honor the fallen at memorial day .  there are also volunteer opportunities all year long .  maintaining the grounds , helping repair or even greeting visitors are some ways to hel .
 police protest prompts romanian minister to resign <sec> blaga calls decision to quit a `` resignation of honor '' .  police officers are upset at a 25 percent pay cu .
 life-threatening illness helps couple get money smart <sec> the couple will close on their first home next month in st. paul , minnesota .  they benefited from low mortgage rates and prices on foreclosed homes .  eliot kohan 's leukemia diagnosis helped him realize they had to start saving early .  `` we worked hard . .  we did n't cut corners , '' lindsay de vore say .
 report : armstrong tried to donate $ 250,000 to anti-doping agency <sec> new : armstrong 's attorney says the cyclist never tried to make such a donation .  usada chief says donation offer was a conflict of interest .  lance armstrong has agreed to 90-minute interview , oprah winfrey 's network announces .  release says armstrong is expected to talk about doping allegation .
 facebook faces furor over content rights <sec> facebook answers users ' concerns about its ownership of images and other content .  flap arose after the social-networking site reorganized its terms of service last week .  blog phrased new policy as `` we can do anything we want with your content '' .  facebook : `` we are not claiming . .  . .  .ownership of material that users upload .
