 wilson kipsang smashes marathon world record in berlin <sec> wilson kipsang breaks the men 's marathon world record by 15 seconds .  the kenyan set a new world record of 2.03.23 to win the berlin marathon .  kipsang now believes he has `` the potential to run faster .
 sometimes , you just have to lose control <sec> tabitha mcmahon was pushed out of her comfort zone on a training trip .  letting go of control was hard , but mcmahon was n't going to let fear rule her life .  mcmahon is n't alone -- many people have a hard time giving up contro .
 source : penn state to be hit with fines in excess of $ 30 million <sec> source : the penn state sanctions are `` well beyond '' past penalties .  source : ncaa will not suspend team , though school may have preferred that .  statue of joe paterno taken down from outside stadium .  family of late coach says `` tearing down '' statue will not help victims , communit .
 not for faint of hearties : blackbeard 's medical devices <sec> archaeologists excavated medical supplies from blackbeard 's ship .  many of the supplies were used to treat syphilis , a common disease among pirate .
 al qaeda affiliate looks to new targets in persian gulf <sec> the abdullah azzam brigades may be an emerging player in the persian gulf landscape .  the militant sunni group is named for a palestinian close to osama bin laden .  the group claimed responsibility for an attack on a japanese supertanker in jul .
 # cnnwomen tweetchat : how can women change the world ? <sec> cnn will host a tweetchat ahead of international women 's day .  special guests include anne-marie slaughter and laura bates , the everyday sexism project founder .  cnn 's leading women community will also join the conversation on building a better world .  follow # cnnwomen on twitter march 7 at 5pm et / 10pm gm .
 'glee ' star amber riley to make nyc stage debut in 'cotton club parade ' <sec> amber riley will make her debut on broadway in november .  `` cotton club parade '' celebrates duke ellington 's reign at the famed harlem nightclub .  the rest of the cast includes past stars like tony-nominee brandon victor dixon , jared grimes , and adriane leno .
 widow 's tribute to british honeymooner killed by seychelles shark <sec> new : the victim 's widow pays tribute to `` a very special husband '' .  new : authorities in the seychelles issue a temporary ban on entering the water .  the man is the second victim of a shark attack in the area this month .  `` our thoughts are with the family at this difficult time , '' the foreign office say .
 is turkey on the verge of a meltdown ? <sec> nationwide anti-government protests are largest in turkey in decade .  police crackdown on peaceful protests against plans to demolish park sparked riots .  protests spread from istanbul to 67 of 81 of turkey 's provinces .  prime minister recep tayyip erdogan calls crackdown 'excessive ' but says he 's not a dictato .
 students rally at paterno 's home amid penn state sex abuse scandal <sec> new : paterno says he is praying for victims .  reports of paterno 's retirement `` premature , '' son says on twitter .  sandusky 's preliminary hearing rescheduled to december 7 .  two other university officials are charged with failing to report abus .
 sexualized protest 'naive and foolish at best ' <sec> femen activists have used topless protest in a campaign against patriarchy .  journalist bim adewunmi says the group 's message of equality is good and true .  but she says treating women as `` helpless '' and `` hapless '' robs them of agency .  it is not up to femen to `` free '' the women of the middle east and africa , adewunmi say .
 u.s. navy vessels in bahrain for evaluation after collision <sec> vessels in bahrain `` to further assess and evaluate the damage , '' says navy .  uss hartford , uss new orleans collided near arabian peninsula .  15 sailors on hartford slightly injured .  fuel tank on new orleans ruptured , spilling 25,000 gallons of fue .
 doriano romboni killed at simoncelli memorial event <sec> former italian 500cc racer dies following accident at marco simoncelli tribute event .  doriano romboni fatally injured after being struck by another motorcycle .  romboni airlifted to hospital but pronounced dead shortly after arriva .
 ferguson signals three more years as blackburn spoil his 70th birthday bash <sec> alex ferguson gives himself three more years at manchester united .  legendary manager recently celebrated 25 years in charge .  ferguson turned 70 as his team beaten 3-2 by blackburn .  shock defeat leaves united level with man city on point .
 wozniacki caught short after victory <sec> top seed caroline wozniacki through to the last 32 at the australian open .  denmark 's world no . .  1 will next play romanian 31st seed monica niculescu .  third seed victoria azarenka also progresses with victory in third round .  defending champion kim clijsters on course for rematch with li na in round fou .
 friends remember americans killed by pirates <sec> four americans on the yacht were fatally shot , officials say .  fifteen pirates are in custody ; another four are dead .  jean and scott adams were delivering bibles to different places around the world .  friends do n't know why the yacht broke away from a larger group of boat .
 mom-daughter models : 'your flaw is your best feature ' <sec> anna cleveland walked in shows during new york fashion week .  her mom , pat cleveland , is a legendary model from the 1960s and 1970 .
 eric garner decision shock waves hit capitol hill <sec> new speaker boehner said american people deserve more answers in garner 's death .  rep. hakeem jeffries called for `` broader reforms '' to appoint special prosecutors .  attorney general eric holder announced wednesday the doj is investigating .  meanwhile , new york republicans lauded the grand jury for making a fair decisio .
 family plans lawsuit for waiting room death <sec> family of esmin green says they will sue the city , hospital for $ 25 million .  relatives says hospital employees failed to render help , attempted to falsify records .  surveillance camera captured green convulsing on floor for an hour before she die .
 obama : iran talks may take more time <sec> president barack obama met with secretary of state john kerry at the white house .  kerry is just back from talks with other world powers negotiating with the u.s. on iran .  obama said there was progress in the negotiations , but more work is needed .  the group faces a july 20 deadline for reaching a comprehensive framewor .
 cdc looks into kids ' paralysis ; enterovirus to blame ? <sec> `` it seems to be attacking the spinal cord and brain stem , '' doctor says .  mri tests spotted abnormalities in sick children 's spinal gray matter .  health officials are looking for the cause ; it may be enterovirus .  ten children in colorado hospitalized with limb paralysi .
 9 tons of fake medicine seized in east africa <sec> the two-month operation was conducted in six nations .  the counterfeit medicine problem has grown in recent years .  fake drugs can lead to death , world health organization say .
 a 'wallflower 's ' lasting impact <sec> `` the perks of being a wallflower '' stood out when it was published in 1999 .  the stephen chbosky novel is one that teens love to pass on to friends .  its content of drugs , alcohol and sex has been controversial .  editor : `` perks '' has the chance for `` generational longevity .
 noaa : 2014 is shaping up as hottest year on record <sec> noaa : global temperatures pushing record highs this year .  new study finds average global temperatures approaching `` dangerous '' benchmark .  noaa data looked at land and ocean conditions , then averaged the numbers .  parts of europe , eastern russia saw more extreme temperature hik .
 assailants identified in xinjiang blast <sec> chinese media blame two religious extremists for xinjiang blast and stabbings .  the explosion happened at an exit to a train station in urumqi in china 's restive northwest .  there have been tensions between uyghurs and han chinese in xinjian .
 plug-in electric cars set to debut in 2010 <sec> car companies say plug-in electric cars could be mass produced by 2010 .  gm celebrated its 100-year anniversary by unveiling chevrolet volt .  ford developed first of 20 escape plug-in hybrid `` research '' vehicles .  toyota has announced plans to build their version of a plug-in electric ca .
 sharp-suited london jewel robbers grab $ 65m <sec> two men sought over brazen daylight robbery of a jewelry store in london .  43 items were taken , with a value of about £40 million , or about $ 65 million .  both men said to have london accent .
 best cruise lines rankings royal caribbean , disney <sec> nearly 22 million travelers are expected to take cruises this year .  royal caribbean 's newest ship wins cruise critic 's `` best new ship '' award .  disney cruise line wins cruise critic 's best cruise line for families .  royal caribbean also wins u.s. news award for best cruise line for the mone .
 turkish rescuers pull 2 more from quake rubble <sec> a woman , 27 , and a man , 18 , are pulled from the debris .  a day earlier , crews rescue a baby , her mother and her grandmother .  at least 471 people are killed and 1,650 others are injured , the government says .  turkey is accepting international ai .
 5 fatally shot in illinois town ; gunman killed in police shootout <sec> new : police identify gunman as rick odell smith , 43 .  new : smith , victims were acquainted but not related , police say .  five people were found dead in an apartment in illinois town of 290 people .  girl , 6 , taken to hospital with gunshot wounds , is in critical condition , police sa .
 hamilton next billion dollar man <sec> experts say lewis hamilton is set to earn more than michael schumacher .  david beckham 's `` life-time brand '' provides valuable lessons .  a little bit of scandal is good for the bank balance .  raikkonen 's `` iceman '' persona allows sponsors to find perfect matc .
 is narcotic khat funding terrorism ? <sec> khat is plant that once chewed gives a mellow high to its consumer .  it 's been consumed for centuries by people in the horn of africa and parts of the middle east .  farmers in kenya have been hit by a dutch ban on imports of khat .  some analysts say there are purported links between the khat trade and terrorist fundin .
 tributes pour in for british soldier slain in cleaver attack <sec> new : muslim leaders calls for dialogue , say brits wo n't be `` easily divided '' .  family of slain soldier lee rigby speak of their sorrow at his loss .  acquaintances say michael adebolajo , 28 , is one of two men arrested the day of the killing .  a radical cleric says he met suspect michael adebolajo when he was a young conver .
 conversion therapist : lawsuit wo n't stop us <sec> thousands `` have shed their unwanted same-sex attractions , '' jonah director says .  `` we remain steadfast '' in delivering conversion therapy , counselor says .  center defrauded teens by saying `` being gay is a mental disorder , '' lawsuit says .  therapy causes `` depression , anxiety and self-destructive behavior , '' lawsuit say .
 moved to adopt haitians ? it 's not always best , experts say <sec> experts : hurried adoptions can lead to trafficking and cause more trauma to children .  aid groups say focus should be on reuniting kids with relatives .  reports on plight of children in haiti has led many to ask about adoption .
 coast guard hunts drug-running semi-subs <sec> small boats can travel almost completely submerged , coast guard says .  semi-subs carry narcotics from colombia to u.s . .  million-dollar vessels built in jungle , sometimes assembled elsewhere .  they 've been around awhile , but now more sophisticated , carry more carg .
 commentary : where 's osama bin laden ? <sec> peter bergen : osama bin laden still inspires al qaeda .  he says 8 years after 9/11 , the `` war on terror '' has failed to capture him .  he says law of averages suggests bin laden will eventually be caught or kille .
 'lost ' baddie turns good guy for cbs <sec> following 'lost , ' michael emerson has settled into hit series 'person of interest ' .  he spends lots of time with former co-star terry o'quinn on a new island , new york .  emerson voices the joker in an upcoming animated film .  emerson 's wife , carrie preston of 'true blood , ' guest stars this wee .
 u.s. military families return from japan <sec> a charter flight brings 144 americans home from japan .  the passengers are family members of u.s. military personnel serving in japan .  megan pencook returns with her 5-week-old son .  the quake was `` the scariest experience of my life , '' she say .
 italy pardons u.s. air force officer in rendition case <sec> u.s. air force col. joseph romano was convicted in absentia in 2009 .  he was one of nearly two dozen tried for their role in seizing a suspected terrorist .  ansa : italy 's president pardoned romano to solve `` a situation of great delicacy .
 israel-gaza conflict : how to help <sec> as the death toll rises , a number of organizations are helping in both gaza and israel .  unicef estimates thousands of families in gaza have seen their homes damaged .  groups say children on both sides need medical care and psychosocial suppor .
 keystone pipeline protesters arrested in texas <sec> dozens formed a `` human chain '' to keep heavy machinery from moving at pipeline site .  three protesters suspended themselves from 50-foot pine trees to stop pipeline work .  deputies used pepper spray to remove protesters , group says .  company building the pipeline did not immediately respond to cnn call .
 commercial flights to haiti to resume friday <sec> american will resume service friday morning .  the airline has been working to repair earthquake damage to the terminal .  spirit airlines is waiting for approval to resume daily flight from florid .
 nanny denies prosecution coaching in anna nicole smith trial <sec> new : the court released dozens of personal photos of anna nicole smith .  new : smith 's nanny recants statement she saw stern melt pills in a spoon .  new : the nanny says calls from larry king and fox news scared her .  the judge says he 's considering striking testimony from a key witnes .
 eu gains for right spark turkish concerns <sec> turkish government concerned by gains by right-wing parties in eu elections .  officials results show big wins for center-right parties across 27-nation bloc .  in 2005 , turkey launched membership negotiations to join european unio .
 one small shoe : a legacy of the birmingham church bombing <sec> sept. 15 is the 50th anniversary of the birmingham bombing that killed four children .  roy peter clark recalls powerful column written by atlanta constitution editor gene patterson .  patterson held the south 's leaders to account for stoking an environment of hatred , he says .  clark : patterson was asked to read his column on newsman walter cronkite 's sho .
 saudi arabia sees fresh protests <sec> demonstrators call for human rights and the release of shiite prisoners .  they also call for the withdrawal of forces from bahrain .  the protests are peacefu .
 uk explorers follow scott 's footsteps in antarctic record attempt <sec> tarka l'herpiniere and ben saunders plan to walk 2,987km to the south pole and back . .  if the british explorers succeed , it will be the longest unsupported polar journey in history . .  they will retrace the steps of robert scott , beaten to the pole by rival roald amundsen . .  there will be no dogs , no support team . .  just two men with 200kg sleighs .
 hundreds arrested as china police smash child-trafficking ring <sec> chinese authorities rescue 178 children and arrest 608 suspects in a smuggling crackdown .  traffic accident in may in southwest china unexpectedly led the authorities to network of child-traffickers .  china : police have arrested almost 50,000 suspects , rescued more than 18,000 children since 200 .
 people 'unliking ' romney on facebook <sec> mitt romney 's official facebook page has been losing 11 fans a minute .  the campaign has been mostly silent on social media platforms since tuesday .  a website , disappearingromney , tracks his declining number of facebook like .
 barge company to take care of mississippi river spill cleanup <sec> barge company not to blame in spill , firm 's vice president says .  at least 100 ships wait on mississippi for spill to be cleaned up .  98-mile closure could last days , but cleanup could take weeks , coast guard says .  more than 400,000 gallons of industrial oil spilled after tanker , barge collid .
 britain imposes direct rule of turks and caicos isles <sec> britain says it has suspended the government of the turks and caicos .  move follows allegations of systemic corruption and `` serious dishonesty '' .  turks and caicos is a british overseas territory of eight major island .
 french reaction to imf chief 's arrest ranges from shock to sympathy <sec> many french find pictures of a handcuffed dominique strauss-kahn disturbing .  one french politician compares the case to a `` lynching '' .  some french says strauss-kahn should be able to present his defense sooner .  the socialist party pledges to forge ahead with presidential primaries for 201 .
 haiti earthquake : monday news updates <sec> read twitter feeds to stay up to date on the latest in haiti .  read cnn.com 's complete special coverage of the haiti earthquake .  ireport : looking for loved one .
 'is that switched on ? ' top 10 on-mic gaffes <sec> nicolas sarkozy overheard calling benjamin netanyahu 'a liar ' at g-20 summit .  gaffe is not the first time a politician has been caught on-microphone but off-guard .  george w. bush , ronald reagan , joe biden all made similar gaffe .
 death toll climbs to 183 in philippines earthquake <sec> disaster officials say 13 people are still missing and 583 are injured .  the death toll from the earthquake in the philippines rises to 183 .  the quake was centered near a town in bohol province .  it hit on a national holiday in the philippine .
 air new zealand shows off stunning , all-black dreamliner <sec> launch customer air new zealand took hold of the first 787-9 dreamliner on july 8 , 2014 .  aircraft featured a dramatic , limited edition , nearly all-black livery .  flights will begin in october 2014 from auckland to perth , and then auckland to tokyo and shanghai a month late .
 flu can be deadly , even in healthy kids <sec> martin mcgowan , 15 , was healthy , yet died from influenza complications .  new research shows that healthy children are also at risk of such complications .  school-based flu vaccination programs may provide an important prevention too .
 kipchoge keino <sec> olympic record : 2 gold medals and 2 silver medals .  the first black african to break onto the international stage .  he had run six races in just eight days despite a gallbladder infection .  runner ; born january 17 , 1940 , in keny .
 hope fading fast for isis captives as deadline passes <sec> uncle of captured pilot : if isis kills hostage it will face the anger of all of jordan .  family holds hope hostage is still alive despite passage of ultimatum and lack of proof of lif .
 authorities await dna test on bone in holloway case <sec> new : natalee holloway 's dental records are sent to the hague .  an initial test indicates the bone belongs to a young woman , the prosecutor says .  if the bone is human , dna testing will be conducted .  the jawbone was found near an aruban hote .
 chrome overtakes internet explorer as no . 1 browser -- maybe <sec> report : google chrome passes internet explorer in browser wars .  the stats may not be exact , but they do indicate a trend .  chome 's popularity has been rising as ie 's wanes .  google 's browser is seen as being faster and more innovativ .
 flex-friendly jobs are out there <sec> there are jobs that offer a more flexible schedule than 9-to-5 hours .  telemarketers , avon ladies , ebay shop owners , real estate agents set own hours .  painters , graphic designers , photographers , illustrators can enjoy job flexibility .  substitute teachers , textbook developers and tutors can determine own schedul .
 world architecture festival 's amazing entries <sec> world architecture festival opens this week with entries from more than 50 countries .  shortlist announced for 27 categories and grand prizes in the three-day event .  festival is seeing dramatic rise in entries from asian countrie .
