 first cycling tour to north korea <sec> tumen , a chinese city bordering north korea , recently launched the first cycling tour to north korea .  the three-hour tour takes in north korean war memorials , the former leader 's portrait and local foods .  north korea has approved more cross-border tours in recent years , spurring tourism from chin .
 dan carter : new zealand 's unstoppable rugby machine <sec> new zealand rugby player made international debut as a 21-year-old .  all blacks second highest points scorer in test rugby .  recently signed to play for french club team perpigna .
 typhoon hagupit lashes philippines <sec> new : threat of flooding rises as the typhoon moves slowly across country .  mayor of tacloban says 48,000 people moved to shelters .  about 40 million people are in the path .  storm should be weaker by the time it reaches manila on monda .
 palestinians : 13-year-old boy is killed in gaza <sec> the boy was shot in the head while playing football , the gaza health ministry says .  he was taken to a hospital , where he died , the ministry says .  `` there is no information that the idf targeted a person , '' the israeli military say .
 volunteers recruited to help in oil spill threat <sec> conservation groups seek volunteers to help in louisiana , mississippi , alabama and florida .  audubon society making center for birds of prey available for bird cleansing and rehabilitation .  deep water horizon response team looking for help in identifying affected animal .
 for john miller , 'revolving door ' is gateway from cbs news to nypd <sec> john miller is leaving cbs news to join the new york police department .  his career has included stints in both journalism and law enforcement .  some media critics call such back-and-forth changing a `` revolving door '' .  they say the revolving door creates conflicts of interest for those in i .
 psychedelic daly stays in italian open hunt <sec> john daly cards second straight 69 in turin to be handily-placed in italian open .  43-year-old american is playing a series of events on the european tour .  `` wild thing '' has also made his mark with his colorful golf clothin .
 talk about the passion : r.e.m . blazed trails <sec> r.e.m . .  helped lead the way for generation of american bands .  group was formed in 1980 in athens , georgia .  `` they did this grass-roots thing that nobody had ever done , '' says fellow musician .  group stayed true to muse , even after becoming million seller .
 arrest warrants for americans accused of trying to ship thai infant body parts <sec> if convicted , the two americans could face 7 years in prison or be fined $ 15,200 .  the two suspects have left thailand and are now in cambodia .  thai police are contacting interpol and cambodian police to try to trace them .  officials : the body parts were stolen from a hospital ; video shows the two american .
 iraqis urge government to free shoe-thrower <sec> new : journalist just looking for notoriety , bush says .  hundreds of students carried banners demanding release of muntadhar al-zaidi .  al-zaidi was described by demonstrators as an `` honorable iraqi '' .  brother says reporter hated american , iranian influence in baghda .
 pandev secures inter milan transfer <sec> serie a champions inter milan have completed the signing of striker goran pandev .  the 26-year-old macedonian international has penned a contract to remain at the san siro until 2014 .  pandev was a free agent after winning his legal battle against lazio to be released from his contrac .
 spain 's king juan carlos back in hospital for hip surgery <sec> king juan carlos is readmitted to a hospital in madrid for surgery on his hip .  the 74-year-old monarch injured his hip in a fall while on a private hunting trip in africa .  the trip has caused controversy because of its cost and because it included elephant hunting .  the king had hip replacement surgery earlier this mont .
 florida woman pinned by giant eagle ray went into 'survival mode ' <sec> jenny hausch was taking pictures of the rays as they flew out of the water .  the ray slammed her several times as it tried to get away .  eagle rays can weigh up to 500 pounds ; this one weighed about 300 pound .
 assange condemns investigations <sec> wikileaks founder says swedish sex allegations are a smear campaign .  assange was freed on bail by a british court on thursday pending an extradition hearing .  assange says wikileaks is too resilient to be brought down by attacks against i .
 kanye west 's mother a model of support <sec> hip-hop star kanye west often paid tribute to his mother in his songs .  donda west was supportive of her son 's career , would dance to his beats .  mom was former english professor , later managed son 's caree .
 abu qatada : the preacher at the eye of the storm <sec> abu qatada 's hardline views were formed before he entered britain .  he ran a magazine , al ansar , supporting jihadists in algeria .  a video of his sermons was found in a 9/11 bomber 's apartment in german .
 extreme weather and a changing climate <sec> droughts , wildfires and heat waves have plagued the u.s. recently , says jane lubchenco .  we 've witnessed the warmest spring since record-keeping began in 1895 , she says .  lubchenco : heat waves in texas and oklahoma were exacerbated by climate change .  noaa 's climate data are increasingly helping states cope with extreme events , she say .
 opinion : is internet driving letterman away ? <sec> david letterman , who 's retiring in 2015 , has been a talk show host for 33 years .  david bianculli says it 's more than fallon 's `` tonight show '' turn .  he says many people see late-night shows as short bits or viral videos online the next day .  bianculli : internet age has devalued letterman 's forte of monologue , hourlong sho .
 planting 'seeds of hope ' <sec> cnn hero holly hirshberg offers free seeds and gardening advice through her nonprofit .  the dinner garden has helped more than 65,000 american families since 2008 .  hirshberg says gardening is easy : `` the seeds do all the work .
 wounded anti-iraq war veteran tomas young dies at 34 <sec> a sniper 's bullets in baghdad critically wounded tomas young in 2004 .  young was left paralyzed and became a vocal opponent of war .  on the 10th anniversary of the iraq war , he intended to go off his feeding tube .  he said he stayed alive for his wife but died monday , the day before veterans da .
 a better day for froome at tour de france <sec> a day after his lead was cut , chris froome maintained his two-minute advantage .  bauke mollema and alberto contador trail froome ahead of sunday 's long 15th stage .  italy 's matteo trentin won the 14th stage saturday in a sprint finish over michael albasin .
 tennessee crash : church bus was carrying seniors home from a jubilee <sec> eight fatalities are reported ; 14 are injured .  bus carried senior adult church members .  bus was heading from gatlinburg , tennessee , to north carolina .  it apparently crossed median and struck a semi and a ca .
 obama : progress made at night meeting , but no budget deal yet <sec> new : evening meeting with obama , congressional leaders fails to bring agreement .  new : obama says sense of `` urgency '' is needed to avoid a shutdown .  new : senate 's harry reid , and house speaker john boehner say progress is made .  without an agreement , the federal government will shut down after frida .
 you won the lottery ? stay anonymous <sec> patricia wood : lottery winners face rampant jealousy and endless speculation .  wood : i know how it feels because my father won the lottery 19 years ago .  wood : i wish my father had said `` no comment '' to everyone who asked questions .  she hopes the three lottery winners in maryland will be able to stay anonymou .
 top court in venezuela upholds ban on chavez foe <sec> country 's supreme court rejects international ruling .  opposition politician leopoldo lopez will not be allowed to hold office .  the government accuses him of corruption , though he has n't been convicted .  lopez was considered leading contender for presidenc .
 trump threatens to sue scotland over wind farm plan <sec> tycoon donald trump threatens to sue the scottish government over wind farm plans .  trump opposes plans to build wind farm near his new golf course in aberdeenshire .  billionaire claims scotland 's first minister told him wind farm would not go ahead .  trump has faced criticism of his golf and hotel complex from environmental group .
 does europe have what it takes to be an internet innovator ? <sec> getjar founder ilja laurs says there are factors which make it difficult for europe to compete .  he points to red tape , labor markets and cultural differences as important factors .  laurs says startups are hit with the same regulations as large corporation .
 this month on road to rio <sec> road to rio travels to california , u.s to see what they are doing to cut carbon emissions .  philippe cousteau goes north to see how refuse transforms into art and wineries going green .  the team visits warner brothers studios to see the green innovations they are usin .
 pilot killed when police helicopters crash in germany <sec> two police helicopters crash in berlin .  the pilot of one helicopter died .  two other people were severely injured , police sa .
 raid frees eight hostages from al qaeda stronghold , u.s. and yemen say <sec> militants were seen moving hostages `` chained and covered with blankets '' into pickups .  they were driven to a cave , a website associated with yemen 's defense ministry says .  the mission , launched 4 miles from the cave , killed all 7 kidnappers , yemen says .  but former hostages say five other captives were moved before rescuers arrive .
 after meeting with merkel , hollande pushes for growth <sec> `` my wish is that growth is not an empty phrase , '' hollande says .  the french president says greeks must decide their own fate .  hollande names fellow socialist jean-marc ayrault as prime ministe .
 new law could lessen sentence in mexico twitter 'terrorism ' case <sec> the new measure stems from accusations over false posts on twitter that caused chaos .  it includes a maximum sentence of four years in prison for disturbing the peace .  another state provision says those accused of terrorism face up to 30 years behind bars .  opponents of the new measure call on the state 's governor to retract i .
 australian spin king warne plays final match of career <sec> shane warne has retired from all forms of cricket after playing his final match .  warne captained rajasthan royals to a 10-wicket win over the mumbai indians .  41-year-old quit international cricket in 2007 after taking 700 test wicket .
 good friday crucifixion reenacted <sec> devout catholics are crucified in pampanga , philippines .  others flagellate themselves to show devotion .  good friday is highlight of holy week in philippine .
 saudi king : uk ignored terrorism warning <sec> saudi arabia 's king abdullah begins state visit to britain on monday .  in an interview , he accused the uk of not doing enough to fight terrorism .  he said his country had passed on information the could have prevented attacks .  british foreign secretary pulls out of meeting with saudi counterpar .
 private jets spread their wings in africa <sec> africa 's business aviation market is expected to grow significantly .  there are between 400 and 600 business jets in africa , say experts .  growth is driven by strong demand in the natural resources sector .  a new industry body calls for common standards throughout the continen .
 opinion : washington could learn from baseball strike <sec> bob greene : d.c. pols should heed words of then-future mlb chief giamatti during 1981 strike .  giamatti said public not interested in baseball 's `` squalid little squabbles '' .  greene : government leaders should be keepers of public trust .  greene : if federal workers shut down government , there 'd be an uproa .
 utah to appeal same-sex marriage ruling to u.s. supreme court <sec> sotomayor is likely to refer utah request to entire court , expert says .  utah attorney general will appeal a lower-court ruling to nation 's highest court .  utah will file appeal after consulting with outside attorneys over the next few days .  a lower federal court struck down utah 's ban on same-sex marriag .
 extinction countdown : only 6 northern white rhinos left <sec> there are only six northern white rhinos left in the world .  suni was the only male left of his kind that could mate .  now there is only one , plus two females .  mating has not happened often , but conservationist still hope for offsprin .
 mexico eyes u.s. gun policies , hopes for shift <sec> mexico blames brutal drug violence on guns trafficked from the united states .  ambassador : the second amendment was not intended to arm foreign criminals .  he says indignation after the connecticut school shooting may open `` a window of opportunity '' .  mexican peace activists say the united states has been indifferent to massacres ther .
 obama , romney equal on gender pay inequality <sec> president barack obama and gop nominee mitt romney both have gender pay hits and misses .  both candidates brag about their records on hiring and paying women in debate and on the trail .  both candidates have failed to fully close the pay equity gap .  both candidates increased hiring of women to highly placed position .
 mubarak resignation prompts celebrations , some silence <sec> new : turkish prime minister urges egyptian army to show `` common sense and restraint '' .  iranian tv calls revolution 's date a `` joyful coincidence '' .  tvs in middle east cafes tune to egyptian revolution .  palestinians in gaza fire guns in celebratio .
 cnn student news transcript - december 7 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 another lawsuit against john travolta dismissed <sec> two other lawsuits against travolta were dismissed in may .  a writer was suing travolta for defamation .  `` anyone else who thinks about suing mr. travolta should expect a similar result , '' lawyer say .
 accused fort hood shooter makes first statement in court <sec> maj. nidal hasan explains to judge why he has n't shaved his beard .  army regulations require hasan to be clean-shaven .  he says shaving violates his muslim beliefs ; judge finds him in contemp .
 gays have right to privacy , too <sec> gay weddings start today in d.c. , as high court declined to block them .  but , lawyer says , supreme court also moved to protect gay-marriage foes ' privacy .  gays must reveal orientation when asked if they 're married , christopher wolf says .  wolf : court challenges show gap in privacy protection granted gays and opponent .
 ronaldo leads real rout of real sociedad <sec> ronaldo nets another hat-trick as real madrid thrash real sociedad 5-1 .  la liga leaders in action against real betis on sunday .  inter milan keep in touch with top three in serie a with a 2-0 win against livorn .
 weak economy drains the shipping industry <sec> the shipping industry is expecting a 10 percent drop this year .  cnn sailed with the svend maersk to get a sea-level view of the industry .  svend captain : `` a lot of ships have been taken out of service or laid up .
 payments from aurora victim relief fund finalized <sec> feinberg has handled 9/11 , sandusky , bp oil spill and vt massacre compensations .  donors provided the charitable fund with over $ 5 million for aurora 's victims .  families of the deceased and victims with debilitating damage will receive $ 220,000 .  the shooter allegedly killed 12 and injured 58 on july 20 during a batman movi .
 buddhism attracts new converts in china <sec> a growing number of chinese are rediscovering the country 's buddhist traditions .  it 's not always easy to combine buddhist beliefs with the demands of modern life .  buddhism has a long history in china but was repressed during the maoist er .
 opinion : netanyahu 's crying wolf on iran <sec> gary sick : israeli leader netanyahu has been crying wolf on iran nukes for 20 years .  sick : he predicts that iran will soon unleash an apocalypse , wants u.s. to get tougher .  but u.s. intelligence services believe that iran has not decided to build a bomb , he says .  sick : the new iranian president offers opportunity to revive talks and resolve issu .
 canada limits carry-on baggage on flights into u.s . <sec> new : tsa modifies rule , gives airlines discretion when passengers may roam .  canada changes rules after botched terror attack on u.s.-bound flight .  carry-ons with medical needs , laptops , musical instruments will be allowed .  measures expected to be in place at least several days , transport canada say .
 wawrinka stunned by golubev in davis cup quarterfinals <sec> australian open champion loses to world no . .  64 in davis cup quarters .  swiss teammate roger federer wins his rubber to tie match with kazakhstan 1-1 .  germany race to 2-0 lead over france in nancy ; czechs also 2-0 up against japan .  italy lead britain 1-0 after rain-delayed first day in naple .
 some apps steer clear of facebook auto-publish tool <sec> pandora does not plan to support facebook music and its auto-publish features .  facebook will launch more `` frictionless sharing '' features on wednesday , a source says .  apple 's itunes also does not participate in facebook musi .
 italy , eu , investigate treatment of migrants on lampedusa after video <sec> new : camp manager says video is misleading , rejects claims migrants were degraded .  secretly filmed footage shows a naked man being sprayed while others wait in line .  speaker of italy 's lower house condemns `` degrading '' treatment of migrants .  the island of lampedusa is a frequent destination for migrants seeking to land on eu soi .
 pakistan blocks u.s. convoy route <sec> new : nato force expects no impact on ability to carry out operations .  pakistan suspends convoys into afghanistan through key mountain pass .  route was used to carry food and military supplies to u.s. troops .  militants seized u.s. humvees , food aid in ambush earlier this wee .
 report : world bank pledges $ 1 billion for central american security <sec> new : billion is in addition to $ 200 million provided for fighting organized crime .  clinton says the u.s. will send $ 300 million in aid to central america this year .  the u.s. funds will be used for police , a regional crime observatory and judicial training .  analysts say violence is growing in the region as mexican cartels expand their reac .
 dramatic rescue of mother and baby elephant <sec> mother and baby elephant stuck in mud at game lodge in zambia .  local conservationists rescued elephants using rope and a tractor .  elephants were at risk of dehydration and exhaustio .
 chinese embassy pressures italy to protect immigrants after killings <sec> a chinese immigrant and his 9-month-old daughter die in a robbery .  the chinese embassy says it is `` shocked and alarmed '' .  report : italian authorities vow to deploy more officers to combat wave of slaying .
 'dancing lights ' draw thousands to frozen north <sec> sex under northern lights is an awesome experience , says resort owner .  people diagnosed with terminal or blinding diseases seek out aurora borealis .  brilliant green , blue `` dancing lights '' inspire marriage proposals , says guide .  spectacular phenomenon occurs when solar particles hit near earth 's pole .
 saro-wiwa 's son : justice is always hard won <sec> ken saro-wiwa 's son says shell payout will let families move on with lives .  executed environmental activist 's family sued oil company .  about half of settlement will go to help people of ogoni region .  residents have long complained that shell was polluting lan .
 study : lack of breastfeeding costs lives , billions of dollars <sec> study urges infants be exclusively breastfed for the first six months of life .  u.s. breastfeeding rates fall far below medical recommendations .  biggest priority should be to improve maternity care practices , study 's author say .
 hugh hefner , crystal harris in a custody battle over puppy <sec> hugh hefner and crystal harris are fighting over their shared cavalier king charles spaniel .  `` we both love the puppy , '' hefner said .  `` the puppy 's valuable , but not $ 100,000 worth , '' he sai .
 fit and fearless : dara torres ' secrets for a healthier life <sec> dara torres is training to make her sixth olympics team at 45 .  her team includes a naturopathic doctor , a cook , a nutritionist and therapists .  torres used to take advantage of her metabolism and eat anythin .
