 new alimony law is bad for women <sec> wendy murphy : new law dramatically changes alimony for nonworking ex-spouses .  she says strict rules determine alimony amounts , duration , instead of circumstances .  lifetime alimony unfair , but very rare , she says . .  changing all alimony law is overkill .  murphy : women who have no ability to work could find themselves with no income at al .
 does apple still need steve jobs ? <sec> apple 's charismatic ceo , steve jobs , is set to return to work at the end of june .  jobs , who is a pancreatic cancer survivor , began a leave of absence in january .  report : jobs had a liver transplant about two months ago .  observers say apple has made efforts to `` wean '' the public off jobs ' presenc .
 5 great spots for dropping off the grid <sec> if going mainstream is weighing you down , consider these five spots .  residents of a missouri eco-village are committed to sustainable living .  a hot springs co-op in oregon encourages personal growth and renewa .
 hacking attack on south korea traced to chinese address , officials say <sec> new : china says hackers often use ip addresses from other countries .  north korea has staged similar attacks in the past , expert says .  previous attacks linked to the north have been traced to chinese addresses .  banks , broadcasters targeted ; government networks unaffected , yonhap report .
 va 's bold goal : eradicate homelessness among veterans in 5 years <sec> va secretary eric shinseki says , `` i am here to end veteran homelessness '' .  an estimated 131,000 veterans are homeless , according to the va .  one observer worries shinseki does n't realize how `` intractable '' va bureaucracy is .  backlogs in veterans claims is cited as a major proble .
 ferguson residents : police have 'a power trip problem ' <sec> ferguson is two-thirds black , but 2013 report showed blacks over-represented in arrests .  of ferguson 's 53 police officers , three are african-american .  in 2010 , henry davis sued the department over alleged use of excessive force .  a federal judge ruled against davis , but he is appealin .
 amanda knox parents ' libel judge resigns <sec> new : amanda knox 's mother appears briefly in court .  new : she says knox is `` thrilled '' about a report casting doubt on dna evidence in her murder case .  curt knox and edda mellas are accused of lilibelingtalian police in a newspaper interview .  they said their daughter told them she was physically and verbally abuse .
 donald takes charge at rbc heritage <sec> englishman two clear with one round to play .  donald fires five-under par third round 66 .  america 's john huh is his nearest challenger on six-under pa .
 two to split $ 480,000 for alerting feds about overcharges in iraq <sec> dyncorp will pay the u.s. government $ 7.7 million and the sandi group will pay $ 1 million .  the justice department says the payouts are because they overcharged for work in iraq .  two whistleblowers , who worked for the sandi group , will get part of these payments .  federal investigators continue to look into other potential false claims in ira .
 new bird flu strain : 5 things to know <sec> the new strain of h7n9 bird flu is dangerous and deadly to humans .  there 's no evidence of human-to-human transmission , but it could happen in the future .  there are currently no travel restrictions as a result of this viru .
 new video offers a glimpse inside federal agency 's lavish las vegas conference <sec> new : the general services administration is `` appalled '' by the video , a spokesman says .  new : an administration official confirms the authenticity of the video .  the gsa is accused of overspending .  it is accused of spending $ 500,000 on ipods and digital cameras for employee .
 amanpour : obama 's 100 days of foreign affairs <sec> obama has laid important groundwork in key areas , amanpour says .  president has acted on some campaign promises , but outcome still uncertain .  next 100 days will see key meetings at white house , summits abroad .  body language has caused chatter , but nixon went to china , reminds amanpou .
 stolen edgar degas painting to be returned to france <sec> 19th-century painting will be returned to france almost four decades after it was stolen .  `` blanchisseuses souffrant des dent '' was taken in 1973 from the malraux museum .  the painting did not resurface until october when it surfaced on sotheby 's catal .
 'desperate housewives ' jury deadlocked <sec> `` i 'm sensing some frustration and polarization '' among jurors , sheridan 's lawyer says .  the judge tells jurors to return friday for more deliberations .  jury deliberations began wednesday afternoon .  sheridan claims creator killed off her character in retaliation for allegations he hit he .
 jeb bush 's banking career ripe for gop attack - cnnpolitics.com <sec> jeb bush supported the federal wall street bailout .  he also worked for barclays , which eventually benefited from $ 8.5 billion in taxpayer money from the bailout .  those issues could provide fodder for some of his conservative opponents in a presidential primar .
 dutch , nigerians to use full body scans for air travelers <sec> nigeria announces intent to use security technology ; no timeline given .  full body scanners will be in place in amsterdam in three weeks , dutch say .  scanners have caused controversy over ability to produce `` naked '' images .  scanners do not contravene european privacy laws , interior minister say .
 down syndrome should not be feared ( opinion ) <sec> david perry : when one 's own child is diagnosed with down syndrome , many people react with terror .  thanks to the power of the internet , access to information and support has never been easie .
 banned powell admits hazy knowledge of doping list <sec> former 100m world record holder testifies about failed test to jamaican doping commission .  asafa powell says he could not remember the names of all the supplements he was taking .  sprinter was one of five jamaicans to test positive for a banned substance in 201 .
 schools close after possible eric frein sighting <sec> frein may have been seen monday afternoon , but a search turned up nothing , police say .  area schools have been closed tuesday as a result of the police activity in the area .  a bloodstain thought to be from trooper shooting suspect eric frein was n't his , police say .  frein is suspected in the september 12 ambush of two officers , one of whom die .
 family seeks pardon for former peruvian leader <sec> family members say alberto fujimori should be released for medical reasons .  they have filed a request for a humanitarian pardon with peru 's justice ministry .  the request has riled political opponents and human rights activists .  president ollanta humala , who defeated fujimori 's daughter at the polls , has the final sa .
 10 dead in human smuggling incident in gulf of aden <sec> 10 ethiopians suffocated after smugglers crammed the engine room .  there were reports of another four people dying in waves .  the horn of africa has endured famine , warfare and political instabilit .
 peru bus crash : 37 dead after 3 buses , freezer truck crash <sec> three buses and a freezer truck were involved in a crash in northern peru .  at least 37 people are dead and six are in critical conditio .
 rebels question nato as fighting continues <sec> fighting continues in misrata , ajdabiya .  hundreds gather at the libyan ruler 's compound in tripoli .  the rally comes after explosions believed to be nato airstrikes hit targets .  libyan forces react with anti-aircraft fir .
 can buildings make you happy ? <sec> alain de botton authored the architecture of happiness .  he believes emotions are shown in , and can be deduced from architecture .  architect robert adam disagrees with many of de botton 's idea .
 mark wahlberg does n't deserve pardon ( opinion ) <sec> mark wahlberg petitioned massachusetts for pardon of his brutal assaults of two men .  jeff yang : there 's a double standard when we judge crimes committed by whites and blacks .  in the cases of eric garner or michael brown , we ask accountability from the victims .  yang : with wahlberg , he has n't even show true remorse for the repulsive actions of his yout .
 los angeles county authorities exhume woman 's remains <sec> mitrice richardson 's family has fought to have her death investigated as a murder .  but los angeles county authorities do n't have any evidence of a homicide .  richardson 's body is exhumed so that the family 's private pathologist could investigate .  richardson disappeared in 2009 , and her mummified remains were discovered in 201 .
 all aboard the tmz tour : a tawdry trip through hollywood <sec> take a two-hour dip into the celebrity gossip sleaze pool .  drive along famous streets , including sunset boulevard , scouring for a real-life celebrity .  see where hugh grant picked up a prostitute , where halle berry smashed up her ca .
 cessna tries to rise above recession <sec> cessna aircraft company lost 6,000 jobs in wichita , kansas , a few years ago .  managers revamped the aircraft production line and improved customer service .  `` innovate or die , '' said company ceo jack pelto .
 gaza : is mideast peace as far away as ever ? <sec> israel has been clear that the aim of operation protective edge was to demilitarize hamas .  but cnn 's tim lister says , to secure peace , israel needs to offer gazans a better future .  he says many observers believe a fatah-hamas deal in april was the best chance for peace .  israel rejected that , he says , and while it could be implemented still , lives have been los .
 mother of inmate who boldly escaped arkansas jail arrested <sec> derrick estell escaped an arkansas detention center on sunday .  he was talking on the phone with his mother when he bolted , authorities say .  his mother glenda is arrested for allegedly helping her son escape .  her son remains at large , a sheriff 's deputy say .
 opinion : why 'the newsroom ' matters <sec> john avlon : `` the newsroom '' is n't reality , but it expresses idealism journalists feel .  avlon : show 's anchor will mcavoy is now a character in social media , debates .  he says when news is about stars and cats , `` newsroom '' offers inspiration .  avlon : show could attract young , talented and idealistic to journalism career .
 man city set to fine robinho after walk-out <sec> manchester city confirm they will fine robinho after his walk-out in tenerife .  manager mark hughes was reacting to reports robhinho would not be fined .  club record signing returned to his native brazil without permission last wee .
 cnn student news - august 28 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 deadmau5 clarifies 'press play ' comments about fellow djs <sec> after saying that his peers 'only push play , ' deadmau5 took to tumblr to explain what he meant . .  while deadmau5 did n't explicitly apologize , he said that even he only pushes play . .  additionally , deadmau5 stressed that djing is n't that much of an art outside of the studio .
 nevada man sentenced to death for killing student <sec> james michael biela was found guilty last week .  he was convicted in death of brianna denison , attacks on two other women .  string of attacks rattled reno , nevada , university community .  death sentence came after deliberations tuesday night , wednesday mornin .
 floods bring misery to central europe <sec> new : german chancellor angela merkel promises $ 130 million in emergency aid .  the crest on the danube river is moving east from germany toward austria and slovakia .  hundreds of animals have been evacuated from low-lying areas of prague zoo .  seven people have died in the czech republic , a fire service spokeswoman say .
 veteran : my search for a ptsd cure led me to the amazon <sec> richard stroder joined the marines at age 18 .  he says he was the target of harassment and , later , sexual assault .  stroder suffered from ptsd and was disappointed with va treatment .  he believes ayahuasca could help more vets suffering from pts .
 hong kong : only 20 % can swim ? <sec> waiting lists are long to get into public swimming lessons in hong kong .  despite demand , head of lifeguard association estimates only one in five resident can swim .  the chinese territory is made of more than 200 islands with 700 kilometers of coastlin .
 rape and murder , funded by cell phones <sec> lezhnev , prendergast : congo `` conflict minerals '' fund deadly war in which rape is routine .  authors : gunmen sell minerals used in cell phones , laptops , games to buy weapons .  victim : `` if you talk to obama or the phone companies , tell them what happens here '' .  they say electronics firms must certify minerals are conflict-free , congress must pass bill .
 transgender miss universe contestant devastated by rules row , she says <sec> organizers say talackova can participate if she meets certain requirements .  the organizers did not elaborate on them .  earlier , they said she could not compete because she was not a `` naturally born female '' .  talackova underwent gender reassignment surgery at 1 .
 winning on and off the tennis court <sec> tennis player elizabeth profit , 13 , ranks high in her age group ; to turn pro next year .  elizabeth has juvenile diabetes , manages it ; `` i ca n't make excuses , '' she says .  sister mary , 11 , also a rising tennis star , watches over her older sister .  `` you do n't want to let life pass you by , '' elizabeth advises others with diabete .
 feds : mississippi man arrested in ricin scare - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a mississippi judge received a similar letter that is also being tested .  justice department says paul kevin curtis of corinth , mississippi , has been arrested .  envelopes were addressed to obama and sen. roger wicker , r-mississippi .  initial tests on those envelopes detected the deadly poison ricin ; additional tests under wa .
 delta crew to ntsb : we did n't sense brakes working when we landed <sec> delta air lines flight 1086 skidded into a fence last week at a laguardia airport beset by winter weather .  the ntsb says the crew reported they did not sense any deceleration from the wheel brake upon landin .
 marines test new beach assault vehicle <sec> vehicle uses foam blocks for paddles , tracks .  ultra heavy-lift amphibious connector can carry tanks , trucks from ship to shore .  vehicle will be able to get over sea walls 12 feet tall or higher , marines corps say .
 man on probation arrested , let go , then allegedly kills priest <sec> murder suspect bullock was on probation when he was arrested for public intoxication .  he pleaded guilty to cocaine possession tied to a 2012 arrest , got three years probation .  it was n't the type of probation that should have kept him detained , lieutenant says .  authorities say bullock killed a california priest hours after his release from jai .
 tulane football player fractures spine in game at tulsa <sec> new : arkansas player tevin mitchel is also injured in a major hit saturday .  walker , a tulane safety , is hurt while playing against tulsa .  he is escorted off the field and is now stable and in traction at a hospital .  a doctor says walker has a `` cervical spine fracture '' and an edema in his nec .
 review : 'world war z ' is scary good fun <sec> 'world war z ' is an entertaining , accomplished zombie thriller .  marc forster shows audacity and flair in his adaptation of max brooks ' novel .  brad pitt plays a u.n. working trying to stop the zombie virus outbreak .  'world war z ' is 'scary good fun .
 mexican drug cartel lieutenant arrested , federal police say <sec> miguel ortiz miranda is a former state police patrol leader .  he is accused of being involved in more than 30 well-publicized killings .  he is said to be a leader for la familia michoacana in central mexico .  ortiz is known as `` tyson .
 latest spacex launch called off <sec> a spacex launch from florida 's cape canaveral is aborted at the last minute .  `` better to be paranoid and wrong , '' tweets the company 's founder , elon musk .  its spacecraft is set to carry a telecommunications satellite , put it in orbi .
 box office report : 'the wolverine ' earns $ 55 million <sec> `` the wolverine '' opened internationally this weekend as well to grosses of $ 86.1 million .  `` the conjuring '' held its ground in second place .  in third place , `` despicable me 2 '' continues to rack in the profit .
 nations tackle global spread of conventional weapons <sec> 193 nations meet in new york this week to discuss an arms treaty .  the united nations wants the trade of conventional weapons regulated .  `` small arms '' include ak-47s , hand grenades and rocket-propelled grenades .  the nations could not come to an agreement in july 201 .
 first man to hike amazon river ends two-year , 4,000-mile trek <sec> new : ed stafford said he 's `` more tired and more elated '' than ever in his life .  new : his mother says she never doubted he would finish .  stafford set out to become the first person to walk all of the river 's roughly 4,000 miles .  he 's hoping to raise international awareness about deforestatio .
 typhoon bopha hits storm-battered southern philippines <sec> new : typhoon bopha weakens slightly as it moves across mindanao .  the storm hit the southern philippine island early tuesday .  philippine authorities warn of flash floods and landslides .  the typhoon comes almost a year after a storm killed more than 1,200 people on mindana .
 what if carbon dioxide were as black as oil ? <sec> christopher reddy says oil spill is having devastating effect on the environment .  he says the spill 's effects are so visible that the public quickly grasps the harm .  reddy says the public ca n't come to grips with a greater threat , carbon dioxide .  if carbon dioxide were black , people might see the damage it 's causin .
 virginia police captain disappears ; authorities suspect foul play <sec> kevin quick 's phone has been turned off since friday night .  police have gotten at least 50 tips but still have n't found the missing captain .  his family became worried when quick did n't show up for a party he 'd planned .  authorities ask for help in locating 2 men who photos link to quick 's toyota su .
 what 's the big deal about comic books ? <sec> almost 100 million comic books and graphic novels were distributed last year .  the average comic book buyer is no longer a teenage boy .  manga is a mainstay of the japanese publishing industry .  hollywood has had great popular success with movies adapted from comic book .
 f1 : rosberg heads off hamilton to extend lead in austria <sec> nico rosberg extends world championship lead with victory in austria .  mercedes teammate lewis hamilton finishes second as both nurse cars home .  williams team claims third and fourth with valtteri bottas and polesitter felipe massa .  red bull struggles on rebuilt home circuit , hosting f1 race for first time since 200 .
 us airways , united face faa fines for safety violations <sec> faa seeks a $ 5.4 million fine from us airways , $ 3.8 million fine from united airlines .  airlines issue statements assuring public of their commitment to safety .  us airways case includes planes not complying with airworthiness directives .  united plane flew with shop towels covering openings in oil sump are .
 the scene : 'time traveler 's ' magic moment <sec> rachel mcadams and eric bana star in `` the time traveler 's wife '' .  in a key scene , bana asks mcadams to get married .  the performers says they tried to put a little humor in situatio .
 japanese deputy prime minister taro aso 's nazi remarks cause furor <sec> at a seminar , the deputy prime minister refers to constitutional change under hitler .  `` why do n't we learn from that method ? '' .  he asks .  his comments draw criticism from china , south korea and a jewish group .  he retracts the remarks , saying they were taken out of contex .
 the new bill gates : google 's larry page <sec> bill gates ' testimony in antitrust trial turned public opinion against him , matt rosoff says .  rosoff says larry page of google is close to being in a similar situation .  page is stretching company from online video to social networking to mobile phones , he say .
 q & a : taliban influence weakens pakistan <sec> taliban influences in pakistan has developed over years .  pakistan government weak and could be weakened further .  pakistan has options to deal with taliban , but they come with problem .
 destructive california wildfire was 'intentionally set ' <sec> investigators in san diego county say destructive cocos fire was intentionally set .  an unidentified minor has been accused in the case .  officials say 36 homes along with a business were destroyed in the fire .  the cocos fire was one of a wave of fires there in ma .
 olof mellberg : from tennis dreams to world cup stardom <sec> olof mellberg played for sweden at two world cups and four european championships .  the defender was national captain and made 117 international appearances .  he has experienced most of europe 's top leagues in a 17-year career .  now 36 , mellberg plays for danish club fc copenhage .
