 seven great memorial day getaways <sec> washington , d.c. offers celebrations rich in pomp and circumstance .  las vegas ' hotel pool parties offer a more hedonistic take on the long weekend .  saint louis is hosting a frees blues festival from friday to sunda .
 ex-ny police commissioner arrives at prison to begin sentence <sec> new : ex-new york police commissioner turns himself in to begin 4-year sentence .  he pleaded guilty to lying to bush officials , tax fraud .  kerik was nominated to be homeland security secretary in 2004 , withdrew .  calls conviction 'gross injustice , which i pray will be remedied ' on appeal .
 bernie sanders calls for 'political revolution ' in iowa <sec> sen. bernie sanders is on a three-stop tour of iowa , which raises presidential questions .  in dubuque , sanders calls for `` a political revolution '' and asks supporters to organize .  sanders is in iowa at the same time as hillary clinton , the 2016 favorit .
 bush signs controversial wiretap bill , calls for permanent fix <sec> new law gives ag right to ok surveillance of suspected terrorists overseas .  the director of national intelligence will also have this authority .  the bill passed congress over the weekend .  critics say the new law makes it possible to abuse americans ' civil libertie .
 will the pga tour produce another surprise winner at the texas open ? <sec> steven bowditch holds the clubhouse lead at the valero texas open .  the 30-year-old aussie is seeking a first title on the pga tour .  if he wins , he would add to the list of unlikely pga tour winners in 2014 .  bowditch has spoken publicly in the past about dealing with depressio .
 1 dead in long island workplace shooting <sec> new : police find the vehicle of the suspect , who police name as sang ho kim .  in addition to the one killed , another person was wounded , officials say .  the incident occurred at savenergy , a light fixture manufacture .
 hungary 's president quits over alleged plagiarism <sec> new : pal schmitt says he is prepared to go to court to prove he is right .  the president was stripped of his doctorate last week .  he had insisted he would n't quit , saying his conscience was clear .  germany 's defense minister resigned in a similar scandal last yea .
 what comes after north korea 's nuclear test ? <sec> lopez : uranium-based blast would pose new challenge to u.n. security council .  indicates pyongyang has advanced centrifuge technologies and related systems .  north korea 's young leader appears to care little about what u.n. or china think .  product-based sanctions may stifle the north 's ability to continue nuclear progra .
 philae scientist matt taylor slammed for sexist shirt <sec> new : scientist matt taylor apologizes for shirt .  taylor wore a shirt featuring women dressed in lingerie .  some say the shirt is sexist ; he changed clothes during live stream .  the tattooed taylor is known for being unconventiona .
 cnn student news - june 2 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 egypt 's morsy makes his power plays <sec> as mohamed morsy capped the week by issuing a decree giving him unchecked powers .  investors reacted and the largest sell-off since january 2011 , when the protests to oust hosni mubarak , began .  more than $ 5 billion of market capitalization was wiped out during the sunday sessio .
 '50 shades of grey ' trailer is 'haunted ' <sec> the new trailer premiered thursday night .  there was plenty of sexy action .  the film comes out on valentine 's da .
 death toll grows to 38 in mexico day care fire <sec> new : president felipe calderon travels to hermosillo to meet with health officials .  new : officials believe blaze did not start in center ; attorney general to investigate .  new : 23 children remained hospitalized , 15 of them in critical condition .  one child admitted to shriners hospitals in sacramento , californi .
 to hell and back for psychedelic rock icon <sec> roky erickson 's career spans nearly half a century .  he has battled mental illness for years after being diagnosed with schizophrenia .  he currently is back on tour and plays alongside his so .
 syria says it shot down u.s. drone <sec> an official says the u.s. military lost contact with a drone over syria .  syria 's military claims it shot down a u.s. drone north of latakia provinc .
 jury awards $ 1 to professor fired for 9/11-nazi essay <sec> jury : ward churchill wrongfully terminated as university of colorado professor .  churchill referred to victims of 9/11 attacks as `` little eichmanns '' in an essay .  adolf eichmann was nazi gestapo officer , one of the chief holocaust planners .  churchill argued he was fired for political views ; school said it was for sloppy wor .
 bhutan 's hidden wonders revealed <sec> the remote kingdom of bhutan is known as the `` land of the thunder dragon '' .  steeped in cultural tradition , it is illegal to buy tobacco or use plastic bags there .  instead of gdp , the country 's wealth is measured by gnh , gross national happines .
 new features for cnn comments <sec> cnn is upgrading its comment system .  new features make it easier to follow conversations and share them with your social networks .  we are listening to what you tell us and adding your perspective to cnn 's coverag .
 riyo mori : mistress of the universe <sec> riyo mori says her grandmother convinced her to enter miss universe .  she says tokyo has a very mixed culture and the city never sleeps .  she wants to teach young people to be patient and happy , through dancing .  tokyo is a great place to shop -- especially ginza and harajuko , she say .
 hayatou rejects 'prejudice ' against africa <sec> african football chief issa hayatou says continent is ready to stage the olympic games .  hayatou says south africa , morocco , egypt , algeria and nigeria could all be successful .  he believes south africa has done well hosting africa cup of nations this month .  hayatou says 750,000 tickets sold so far is a record for the football tournamen .
 drone strike kills 8 militants in south yemen <sec> new : the bulk of airstrikes in yemen occurred in the past two years , analyst said .  yemeni troops die in clashes thursday , security officials say .  another drone strike kills a senior al qaeda operative over the weekend .  thursday 's strikes kill senior leaders of an al qaeda offshoot , officials sa .
 oil execs to brief senate panels on spill <sec> presidents of bp , transocean to appear before two senate committees tuesday .  senators expected to quiz them about massive oil spill in the gulf of mexico .  homeland security chief heads to alabama to see efforts to minimize impact of spill .  officials worry that change in weather will push more oil into mississippi delt .
 nelly furtado embraces latin roots with new album <sec> nelly furtado 's new album is sung completely in spanish .  the singer worked with noted latin artists on the project .  furtado , whose parents are portuguese , finds performing in spanish `` liberating '' .  first single made history on billboard 's hot latin songs char .
 mom : i 'wo n't sleep ' until girl 's killer found <sec> body found in landfill identified as somer thompson , using dental records .  somer , 7 , was in school fight on day of disappearance , police report says .  grieving mother 's message to killer : `` i hope they get you '' .  police have no suspects in killing of florida girl , official say .
 5 things to watch at the winter games on monday <sec> keep an eye on ole einar bjoerndalen , the michael phelps of the winter games .  the u.s. men 's team competes against norway in curling .  tina weirather of liechtenstein hopes to follow in her mother 's ski tracks .  a new king of the mounds will be crowned in freestyle skiin .
 opinion : what obama must say to african-american grads <sec> paul butler : at morehouse commencement speech , obama must show grads he 's a brother .  he says blacks have supported him even as they 've felt neglect as he 's balanced his role .  he says obama should thank grads for support , provide role model of 21st century masculinity .  butler : obama must show he 's engaged on issue of disproportionate incarceratio .
 train collision kills at least 15 in egypt <sec> 40 to 50 people injured when trains collide outside of cairo .  eighty ambulances were sent to the scene .  train traveling from cairo to asyut hit a stationary train .  rescuers built bridge from tree branches and vehicles to reach injure .
 love is in the air with social networking <sec> klm offers way for flyers to see others ' facebook profiles when they check-in .  new 'seat & meet ' service designed to help people sit with like-minded travelers .  another website set up for those who missed a love connection on fligh .
 iranian company wants to send toy drone to obama <sec> an iranian company wants to send replicas of a downed drone to obama .  iran says the plane crashed in iranian territory on december 4 .  obama asked for the drone back in decembe .
 santorum : religious persecution in u.s. could escalate as high as it did under nazi germany <sec> ex-pennsylvania sen. rick santorum says nazi-like religious persecution possible in u.s . .  santorum : most attacks on religious liberties are a result of government overreach .  former senator urges people to push back `` and defend our liberties .
 why fame comes with 'sell-by ' date <sec> lebron james is an incandescent celebrity , with tens of millions paying attention .  bob greene notes that even the greatest celebrities eventually become part of history .  marilyn monroe , milton berle , joe dimaggio once were household names .  greene notes that for such stars of the past , fame proved fleetin .
 6-year-old colorado boy found alive in attic after balloon lands <sec> new : falcon heene says `` we did this for the show , '' authorities say case genuine .  falcon heene 's dad says son hid in attic because he had yelled at him .  sibling said boy untethered balloon and climbed in , but no one was found aboard .  authorities launched ground and air searches for boy after balloon lande .
 ecclestone : vettel can dominate like schumacher did <sec> bernie ecclestone believes sebastian vettel can match michael schumacher 's record .  f1 supremo also claims that vettel faces tougher competition in the paddock .  world champion vettel leads the formula one drivers ' standings after eight races .  schumacher won seven world titles before retiring in 2006 and returning last yea .
 gosling vs. cooper : protests over people 's sexiest man alive <sec> about 15 protesters in ryan gosling masks showed up outside people 's headquarters wednesday .  gosling is in the issue that hits newsstand friday , along with 123 other hot guys . .  `` we stand by our man ! '' .  says people 's executive editor liz sporkin of bradley coope .
 steenkamp family 'satisfied ' as pistorius starts prison <sec> reeva steenkamp 's parents tell uk broadcaster they are satisfied with the sentence .  but despite the lengthy trial , they feel there 's still a `` big missing piece of the puzzle '' .  oscar pistorius starts his first full day in prison in pretoria 's kgosi mampuru ii prison .  he will be given an induction , after spending the night in a single cell in the hospital sectio .
 sorvino feels 'compelled ' to fight human trafficking <sec> actress mira sorvino is a u.n. ambassador raising awareness about human trafficking .  she has also been involved with cnn heroes since it began in 2007 .  sorvino : cnn heroes `` inspired me further to do what little i can on my side .
 obamacare applicants to get more deadline flexibility <sec> people who have difficulty signing up for obamacare to get extra time , officials say .  surge in enrollment expected at last minute before monday deadline , official says .  `` another day , another obamacare delay , '' says chairman of gop national committe .
 report : putin wants delay in referendum in ukraine 's donetsk region <sec> ukraine 's acting pm dismisses putin 's call to postpone a referendum .  the united states worries putin will landlock ukraine , sources say .  nato has `` no indication '' that russia moved troops from ukraine border , source says .  putin earlier said russian forces are `` now not on the ukrainian border .
 timeline : julian assange 's extradition battle <sec> ecuador grants asylum to assange , who remains holed up in the ecuadorian embassy in london .  uk police say they will not grant safe passage to wikileaks founder .  ecuador foreign minister says british authorities have threatened to `` assault '' embass .
 muslim community at a crossroads with a leadership vacuum <sec> leaders in east and west unable to find way for muslims to show a positive identity , says jihad hashim-brown .  for past decade muslims have only talked about what they are not -- extremists and terrorists , he says .  a new generation needs the chance to make sense of islam in today 's globalized worl .
 engaged celebs who never made it down the aisle <sec> tara reid has stepped out of two engagements .  kayne west ended his engagement to alexis phifer after a year and a half .  jamie lynn spears broke off her shotgun engagement to baby daddy casey aldridg .
 carson brings on former bachmann staffer in iowa - cnnpolitics.com <sec> ryan rhodes , who served as bachmann 's tea party outreach director in iowa , has joined a pro-ben carson group .  rhodes tells cnn he 'll help introduce carson to potential supporters in the state .  carson would need a strong finish in iowa to remain competitive in the 2016 gop primar .
 nigerian police accused over riot deaths <sec> nigerian police , soldiers accused of killing 133 during riots in november 2008 .  u.s.-based human rights watch says main victims were young muslim men .  witnesses say police units summarily executed unarmed men and boys .  hrw says death toll could be `` substantially higher '' than documented cases sugges .
 congress ' recess : republicans , we 're confused ( opinion ) <sec> debbie wasserman schultz is puzzled by republicans in congress who ca n't get anything done .  congress is taking its five-week summer recess .  why is congress wasting time suing the president instead of solving problems , she wonder .
 tva fined $ 11.5 million in sludge spill <sec> state says sludge spill violated water , waste laws .  tva wo n't challenge fine , spokesman says .  december 2008 spill totaled 1.1 billion gallons .  cleanup may take another four year .
 could the next banksy come from dubai ? <sec> in dubai , no product launch or 'it ' opening is complete without a live graffiti demo . .  corporations are also clamoring to hire local street artists to give their brand 'edge ' . .  fines for graffiti double every time a perpetrator is caught . .  many street artists operate either legally , or quasi-legally .
 diego completes $ 34m transfer to juventus <sec> italian giants juventus have completed the signing of brazil playmaker diego .  the 24-year-old is leaving german club werder bremen in a $ 34million switch .  juve said last week italy captain fabio cannavaro will rejoin from real madri .
 22 new charges for u.s. wikileaks suspect manning <sec> army private charged with aiding enemy .  manning 's mental capacity must still be determined .  several steps left before court-martial charges se .
 fifa adopts stricter punishments for racist behavior <sec> fifa takes a tougher stance on racist behavior , as one punishment could be relegation .  teams could also be thrown out of a tournament or deducted points .  players face a minimum suspension of five games for committing a racist infractio .
 tiny darth vader leaves hospital after heart surgery <sec> max page , 7 , had surgery to correct a congenital heart effect .  `` i 'm feeling great , '' he tells reporters as he leaves hospital .  max appeared in a super bowl commercial for volkswage .
 obama praises troops in unannounced visit to afghanistan <sec> new : obama visit to afghanistan lasts nearly four hours .  new : `` we 're tired of playing defense , '' he says .  president awards five purple hearts .  he speaks via videoconference with karzai for 15 minute .
 what scotland 's 'no ' vote means for david cameron <sec> scotland votes `` no '' in referendum about whether to leave the united kingdom .  final polls showed a narrow race after years of campaigning on either side .  failure of `` yes '' vote saves uk prime minister from humiliating defeat .  oakley : cameron will breathe a sigh of relief at a partial repriev .
 snow rolling from southern appalachians to boston ; flights canceled <sec> new : hundreds of flights are canceled wednesday and even for thursday .  two tornadoes in florida damage homes and injure one person .  snow will cover many states in the east wednesday and thursday , forecasters sa .
 golden globes : the nominees list <sec> nominees for the 72nd golden globe awards were announced thursday .  the ceremony will air january 11 .  tina fey and amy poehler will co-host agai .
 chile mummies harmed by rising humidity , scientists say <sec> scientists find that higher humidity levels cause microbes to flourish on the mummies ' skin .  some specimens at a chile museum have started to decompose into a `` black ooze .
 beware 'lone wolves ' in aftermath of bin laden killing , advisory says <sec> plots by 'lone wolves ' are difficult to detect and disrupt , officials say .  an army major is accused in the fort hood shooting that left 13 people dead .  there is no information suggesting a specific plot at this time , the advisory say .
 mexican beauty queen killed in shootout <sec> authorities seize vehicles , weapons and drugs ; four people are detained .  maria susana flores gamez , 20 , was crowned 2012 woman of sinaloa in febraury .  a rifle was found near the beauty queen 's body , says the sinaloa state attorney genera .
 sarah brady , widow of james brady , dies - cnnpolitics.com <sec> nra says although it disagreed with sarah brady , she was an honorable and respected woman .  sarah brady became involved in campaigns against gun violence after her son to picked up a loaded gun .  her husband died in august , having spent the last part of his life in a wheelchair from being sho .
 seinfeld 's 'uncle leo ' dead at 88 <sec> len lesser was a world war ii veteran .  he appeared in hundreds of television shows and movie .
 getting good karma from the business guru <sec> frenchman christian fabre is ceo of fashion company and also a hindu monk .  splits time between his office in chennai and ashram in the hills of tamil nadu .  has been in india for 37 years ; clients include kenzo and lee cooper .  recently launched own clothing label , despite not wearing clothes himsel .
 time running out for even a framework for middle east talks <sec> new : obama uses different language with abbas than he did with netanyahu .  palestinian leader abbas met with president obama at the white house on monday .  the decades-old , oft-delayed peace process resumed with talks last july .  secretary kerry seeks a framework for talks to continue through 201 .
 barcelona vs. chelsea : will history repeat in semifinal ? <sec> chelsea fans devastated after barca score last-gasp goal to take historic 2009 semifinal .  almost three years later barca 's andreas iniesta is again hoping to make history in rematch .  chelsea 's didier drogba hoping to redeem himself after 2009 sending-off .  managers joseph guardiola and roberto di matteo played against each other 12 years ag .
 how chilean soccer star-turned miner ended up trapped <sec> frankie lobos once played pro soccer , but fell on hard times .  he ended up in the chilean mine that collapsed .  when his rescuer arrived , it turned out they had met befor .
 murdoch to sell historic london newspaper hq <sec> the move comes amid a scandal around the defunct news of the world .  staff of the sun , times and sunday times will move to another east london sit .
