 military families living in dread of cuts <sec> writers : military families live with uncertainty as sequestration cuts loom .  families ca n't make plans , they say ; troops and brass wait for sequestration ax to fall .  congress seems to forget military families when it 's not election season , they write .  writers : secretary of defense warns of a diminished ability to defend nation if cuts happe .
 4 more charged in steubenville rape case <sec> schools superintendent charged with three felonies , ohio attorney general says .  three other school employees face misdemeanor charges , he says .  two high school football players were convicted in the may 2012 rape of a 16-year-old girl .  a schools technology director and his daughter were indicted in octobe .
 why we need a law against online piracy <sec> illegal counterfeiting and piracy hurt the u.s. economy .  smith : stop online piracy act designed to protect consumers , companies .  smith : misinformation about the bill has spread around the internet .  he 's open to constructive suggestions that will produce strong anti-piracy legislatio .
 study : army morale down in afghanistan , up in iraq <sec> report summarizes 2 surveys of soldiers in iraq and afghanistan taken this year .  results attributed to increased fighting in afghanistan , less in iraq .  army hopes to increase number of mental health providers in the fiel .
 former virginia gov . bob mcdonnell sentencing tuesday - cnnpolitics.com <sec> u.s. district court judge james spencer sentenced bob mcdonnell to two years in prison .  the former virginia governor had hoped to do 6,000 hours of community service instead for public corruption charges .  mcdonnell told the judge , `` i stand before you as a heartbroken and humbled man . .
 opinion : jamaica selling out its paradise <sec> china plans huge industrial seaport in protected region of ocean and land in jamaica .  wendy townsend : goat island mangroves may be clear cut and coral reefs dredged .  townsend : area is home to critically endangered jamaican iguana and many rare species .  she says jamaica should stop the deal , invest in ecotourism , keep its vow to protect regio .
 'judge me on talent , not my sex , ' says kentucky derby 's female jockey <sec> america 's most prestigious horse race , kentucky derby , kicks off this saturday .  rosie napravnik hoping to be first female jockey to win `` run for the roses '' .  gender has n't hampered success -- has actually helped it .  rise to the top involves grueling regime , rising at 5am , suffering five major injurie .
 bush vetoes spending bill , tells congress to cut the pork <sec> bush says most of congress `` acting like a teenager with a new credit card '' .  bill would have funded agencies , but also a prison museum , sailing school .  house panel chairman : bush 's veto `` not responsible and not credible '' .  democrats to schedule override vote , but bush gop allies confident about vet .
 protesters stand up to 'stand your ground , ' laws likely here to stay <sec> new : florida 's governor calls for day of prayer for unity .  22 states have laws saying residents have no `` duty '' to retreat from attackers .  the national rifle association defends the laws , saying self-defense is a `` human right '' .  gun policy expert : the laws are a `` very bad idea '' ; research shows they increase homicid .
 afghanistan : obama should rethink troop withdrawal - cnnpolitics.com <sec> afghan president ashraf ghani says progress is `` very real '' .  `` deadlines should not be dogmas , '' he told `` 60 minutes .
 accused 9/11 terror suspects to face military trials <sec> the decision is a reversal for the obama administration , which had wanted civilian trials .  holder has promised to seek the death penalty for all the suspects .  trial will be held at guantanamo bay , cub .
 museum exhibit highlights pakistan 's buddhist roots <sec> `` the buddhist heritage of pakistan : art of gandhara '' opens at asia society in n.y . .  statues of greco-roman idols featuerd alongside images of buddha , indian deities .  pieces took more than two years to secure on loan from museums in karachi and lahore .  exhibit shows pakistan 's dedication to preserving multicultural heritage , un ambassador say .
 missing leo : barcelona stumble to first league defeat <sec> barcelona lose first la liga game of the season .  beaten 1-0 by athletic bilbao at san mames .  goal by iker muniain in second half gives bilbao famous victory .  juventus stay top in italy with 1-0 win over udines .
 review : 'lawless ' comes alive when it turns bloody <sec> tom hardy is eloquent in the 1920s-set gangland drama `` lawless '' .  the film , written by nick cave and directed by john hillcoat , is a sturdy piece of traditionalism .  hardy 's presence is compelling , but the film comes fully alive only when it turns blood .
 texas lawmaker : i yelled 'it 's a baby killer ' <sec> rep. randy neugebauer sorry `` my actions were mistakenly interpreted '' .  `` baby killer '' outburst occurred as stupak was speaking against a republican motion .  on sunday , stupak and other anti-abortion democrats struck a deal with the president .  outburst comes six months after rep. joe wilson 's `` you lie '' inciden .
 tiger woods ' turkish open quest hit by thunderstorms <sec> thunderstorms halt play on opening day of turkish open .  tiger woods managed to complete first 10 holes before play abandoned .  world no.1 woods six shots off the lead on one-under .  england 's paul casey and steve webster in lead with south africa 's darren fichard .
 prime minister julia gillard surprises australia with election call <sec> julia gillard says national elections will take place in september .  it 's unusually advanced notice for elections in australia .  some commentators say it will subject voters to a lengthy ordeal .  opposition leader tony abbott says he welcomes the announcemen .
 ? uestlove : the roots 'redefine art of house band ' <sec> the roots became house band for `` late night with jimmy fallon '' this year .  drummer ? uestlove says it 's only selling out if your music starts `` sounding crappy '' .  hip-hop band relies on horns , strings , percussion rather than samples .  paul simon , jay-z , etta james , ghostface killah among acts they 've played wit .
 cardinals gather one last time before conclave to elect new pope <sec> tuesday 's pre-conclave mass will be open to the public , the vatican says .  cardinals do not have to vote tuesday but probably will , a vatican spokesman says .  preparations are largely complete for the secret vote .  the longest conclave in the 20th century lasted five day .
 disney introduces elena , its first latina princess <sec> elena of avalor is disney 's first latina princess .  she 'll make her debut on the `` sofia the first '' series next yea .
 north carolina college shooting : possible hate crime ? <sec> relatives of wayne community college shooting victim say he was gay , local media report .  the suspect had worked for the victim but was let go , college president says .  the suspect , kenneth morgan stancil iii , was found sleeping on a florida beach and arreste .
 4-year old calls 911 , saves pregnant mother <sec> 4-year-old calise manning called 911 when her mom was in trouble .  she 9-months pregnant and epileptic , and had apparently fallen to the floor in the midst of a seizur .
 death of 10-year-old involved in school fight declared a homicide <sec> 10-year-old girl fights with classmate in an alley and dies at hospital six hours later .  authorities : fight between girls lasted less than one minute ; weapons not involved .  grief counselors helping instructors and students at willard elementar .
 two carat diamond found in arkansas park <sec> a louisiana man finds a 2-carat diamond in an arkansas state park .  crater of diamonds is the only public diamond search site in the worl .
 2010 'architect ' mandela reunited with world cup trophy <sec> world cup trophy arrives in south africa to begin final leg of its tour around the planet .  nelson mandela presented with trophy before it visits 38 cities and towns across country .  the 91-year-old was present in 2004 when south was awarded right to host tournament .  world cup kicks off on june 11 in johannesburg with the final to be played a month late .
 sea shepherd : whalers attack with grappling hooks <sec> conservation group claims crew were attacked with grappling hooks .  two crew were struck with iron hooks , the group says .  it claims a third crew member was struck twice in the face with a bamboo pole .  sea shepherd 's vessel steve irwin is attempting to disrupt japanese whaling ship .
 tiananmen crash : terrorism or cry of desperation ? <sec> chinese government has created a virtual police state within xinjiang .  crude instruments used in attack suggest not work of well-organized group .  no evidence uyghurs involved substantively in a global muslim militant movement . .  claims of a uyghur terrorist threat maybe becoming a self-fulfilling prophecy .
 dutch minister : u.s. sacrificing growth for politics would be 'tragedy ' <sec> the u.s. is facing $ 85 billion in spending cuts that will begin to take effect on friday .  the cuts are a product of the sequester , a series of automatic cuts to government spending .  timmermans says the euro area will gradually move toward more fiscal cohesio .
 hard-hit areas of south in 'recovery mode ' after deadly tornadoes <sec> new : : a north carolina man describes hitting the ground to shield his daughter from a twister .  weather service confirms at least 97 tornadoes in three-day outbreak .  weekend outbreak is largest since 2008 , records show .  storms forecast for tuesday could bring tornadoes , hail to midwes .
 houston rockets sign jeremy lin as new york wo n't match offer <sec> lin says he is `` extremely excited and honored to be a houston rocket again '' .  he thanks the knicks and new york for their support during the `` best year of my life '' .  the knicks would not match the houston rockets ' $ 25 million offer for the point guard .  new york recently signed two other guards , raymond felton and jason kid .
 cadbury recalls chinese-made candy in chemical scare <sec> all recalled products produced in cadbury 's beijing plant .  candy distributed in taiwan , hong kong , australia , 2 small islands .  22 more arrested in tainted-milk case , raising total to 40 .  milk contaminated with melamine , an industrial chemica .
 guardsmen sue kbr over chemical exposure <sec> suit says guardsman , contractors exposed to cancer-causing chemical at iraq plant .  suit alleges kbr knew of contamination threat and did nothing to protect soldiers .  some guardsmen suffer from nasal tumors , respiratory problems .  kbr says it 's not to blame for creating unsafe conditions at plan .
 people love talking about the election on facebook <sec> election day inspired 71.7 million posts and comments on facebook in the u.s . .  a photo of barack and michelle obama hugging is the most-liked post of all time .  on tuesday , more people talked about obama than romney on faceboo .
 parents ask : why did my baby die ? <sec> anencephaly is a fatal brain defect .  there has been a cluster in rural washington .  experts are criticizing state health department .  the health department has defended its respons .
 indians flock to marry and shop on lucky day <sec> akshaya tritiya is one of only a few lucky dates per year in the hindu calendar .  the exact date of the festival is based on the alignment of the moon , the stars and the planets .  the festival is driving up sales in india 's jewelry shops , one merchant say .
 zimmerman judge delays ruling on animation , martin 's texts <sec> judge in zimmerman trial delays ruling on defense 's re-creation of the altercation .  she also delays decision on admitting trayvon martin 's texts in late-evening hearing .  a forensic pathologist testifies for the defense , describes martin 's last moments .  he describes `` a through-and-through hole of the right ventricle '' of martin 's hear .
 man completes 26 marathons in 26 days <sec> jayson black , 28 , ran a total of 681.2 miles to raise money for three square food bank .  he suffered a shin injury and a stress fracture during the challenge .  his goal is to raise awareness about hunger and motivate people to give bac .
 did facebook 's experiment violate ethics ? <sec> facebook conducted a study on nearly 700,000 users by manipulating their news feeds .  robert klitzman : facebook basically tried to alter people 's mood without their knowledge .  he says despite facebook 's user policy , this study violates accepted research ethics .  klitzman : we should try to avoid as much as possible becoming human guinea pig .
 report : typhoon 's long , deadly toll on female infants <sec> economic research : researchers find spike in mortality in filipino female infants after typhoons .  research looked at typhoons in philippines and impact on household economics and health .  report does not include typhoon haiyan , but authors say attention needed in infant mortality years after typhoo .
 fbi searches homes as part of terrorism probe <sec> fbi searches homes , office in minneapolis and chicago .  the searches are part of a joint task force probe of terrorism , the fbi says .  an activist says hard drives were taken during the searche .
 world cup : argentina beats belgium to reach semifinals <sec> argentina defeats belgium to reach world cup semifinals .  gonzalo higuain scores only goal of game early in first half .  la albiceleste will next face either costa rica or the netherland .
 police : teen arrested in toronto class with loaded , semi-automatic gun <sec> a 15-year-old boy is arrested at toronto 's jarvis collegiate institute .  he had a loaded , semi-automatic gun with him in his classroom , police sa .
 iran developing long-range radar , upgraded missile defense <sec> iran is developing a radar with a range of 1,864 miles , state-run media reports .  iran has also upgraded its missile defense capabilities .  iran is holding five days of air defense drills starting tuesda .
 the coulda , woulda , shoulda triple crown winners <sec> mike downey says many horses have won the kentucky derby , but not the triple crown .  why ? .  it 's really hard to do . .  like i 'll have another at belmont stakes , they were scratched .  many high-hopes horses have met last minute trouble , been denied triple crown , he says .  downey : racing has good days and bad ; i 'll have another already forgotte .
 fema oks aid for texas plant blast <sec> april 17 blast in texas town killed 15 people .  rick perry lauds the state appeal for a disaster declaration .  fema denied a request in june for a `` major disaster '' are .
 u.s. women beat france 3-1 , make world cup final <sec> the team now advances to the title match sunday .  `` the confidence comes from our preparation , '' team usa goalie solo say .
 chavez sending troops to colombian border <sec> chavez says he is reviewing war plans as tension with colombia grows .  troops are deploying to 10 districts near the border , he says .  colombia claims leftist rebels have found refuge in venezuela .  venezuela denies those accusations and has broken off diplomatic ties with its neighbo .
 argentine president makes tearful address about husband 's death <sec> former president nestor kirchner died last week .  his wife and current president cristina fernandez addressed the nation .  she said it is the most pain she has ever felt .  fernandez thanked the outpouring of support from argentinian .
 what those company initials stand for <sec> ever wonder about the stories behind names like cvs or h & m or ikea ? .  pharmacy chain cvs started out as `` consumer value stores '' .  ikea takes first 2 letters from founder 's name , second 2 letters from locations .  h & m comes from first letters of women 's store and hunting supplie .
 moon puts on 'super ' global show <sec> `` the colors were spectacular , '' writes cnn ireporter in iceland .  mainland u.s. experienced perigee at 11:34 p.m . .  et .  full moon appears about 14 % bigger and 30 % brighter .  the moon was at perigee , about 221,802 miles away , late saturda .
 a movie for this christmas <sec> many will watch `` it 's a wonderful life '' this christmas season , nicolaus mills says .  mills : but the movie we should watch is another 1946 classic , `` the best years of our lives '' .  oscar-winning film shows peacetime difficulties faced by three world war ii vets , he says .  today , veterans aged 20-24 have an unemployment rate of nearly 30 % , mills say .
 405 to reopen ahead of schedule <sec> new : interstate 405 expected to open ahead of schedule , villaraigosa says .  traffic is relatively light on los angeles ' freeways .  interstate 405 in los angeles carries about 500,000 cars a day .  it 's one of two major mountain highway passes in the heart of the nation 's second-largest cit .
 cricket : dilshan stars with sixth ton <sec> tillakaratne dilshan scores sixth test century of 2009 for sri lanka .  opener helps his side to 366 for eight on first day against india in mumbai .  harbhajan singh takes four wickets to lead indian attack on helpful wicke .
 former surgeon general calls for marijuana legalization <sec> joycelyn elders tells cnn resources can be better spent .  she says the drug 's illegality is criminalizing young people .  `` it 's not a toxic substance , '' she says .  california 's proposition 19 would legalize marijuana use in the stat .
 michael jackson dead at 50 after cardiac arrest <sec> new : marlon jackson : manager said doctor was at michael 's home wednesday night .  new : jackson said he was n't feeling well wednesday , brother says .  former wife lisa marie presley `` shocked and saddened '' by death .  jackson pronounced dead at 2:26 p.m. pt , says brother jermaine jackso .
 burning television tower snaps , collapses in the netherlands <sec> the cause of the fiery collapse in hoogersmilde is unclear .  incident disrupts television , radio and mobile networks nearb .
 machu picchu to reopen in april <sec> peru 's ancient inca ruins of machu picchu should reopen april 1 , tourism official says .  heavy rain in january unleashed mudslides that cut off roads and blocked a rail line .  peruvian officials evacuated more than 1,000 stranded tourist .
 visiting buchenwald , obama speaks of the lessons of evil <sec> obama recalls great-uncle 's role in liberation of buchenwald as reason for tour .  holocaust survivor , nobel laureate elie wiesel speaks of father dying at buchenwald .  obama met friday with german chancellor angela merkel .  germany visit comes day after key speech in egypt on u.s. relations with isla .
 dc to discipline firefighters who ignored pleas for help <sec> firefighters , dispatchers face action from city for not responding adequately to elderly man .  medric cecil mills collapsed outside firehouse in january and later died at a hospital .  ambulance sent to wrong part of the cit .
 oklahoma quake : no damage reported <sec> only a few calls to oklahoma city police after 4.5 quake .  stronger quake in 2011 buckled highway in oklahom .
 shibuya , tokyo recognizes same-sex partnerships <sec> shibuya ward in tokyo passes an ordinance that gives same-sex couples some of the rights of married heterosexual couples .  activists welcome the decision ; hope that it will lead to greater equality for lgbt people in japan .  recent poll finds most young japanese open to the idea of gay marriag .
 will bob mcdonnell be a presidential contender ? <sec> reihan salam : gov . .  bob mcdonnell is n't a leading gop presidential contender .  salam : mcdonnell 's 2009 campaign is a great template for a national gop campaign .  he says the governor , popular and pragmatic , pushed for an important transportation bill .  salam : it may be a long shot , but mcdonnell should be included in gop presidential fiel .
 illinois : convicted murderer overpowers guard , escapes <sec> sheriff : the correctional officer is in intensive care after being beaten , choked .  it appears `` somebody did n't do their job properly , '' sheriff says after the escape .  kamron taylor also tried to escape a courtroom after being convicted of murder in februar .
 pull akin off house science committee <sec> missouri rep. todd akin sits on the house committee for science , space and technology .  margaret martonosi : a petition to remove him from the committee is starting to gain momentum .  akin and his cohort can not be allowed to substitute folklore for science , she says .  martonosi : how can the u.s. allow itself to be governed by those who ignore scientific fact .
