 factfile : the airbus a320 <sec> there have been more than 11,000 orders for the airbus a320 family .  the plane is the single-aisle rival to boeing 's 737 .  airasia is the biggest commercial customer of the a32 .
 young sisters fight back against men harassing them in india <sec> aarti and pooja kumar say they were being taunted at a bus stop by three men .  the men followed them onto a bus ; the 19- and 22-year-old decided to fight back .  a video of the young women 's actions has gone viral in india and been praised by official .
 mom follows dark path from icy rescue to murder charge <sec> michelle kehoe allegedly first told investigators a stranger attacked her and boys .  authorities say she admitted buying duct tape , knife weeks earlier .  2-year-old is one of about 300 children slain this year .  kehoe is scheduled to be arraigned on december .
 wladimir klitschko insists : david haye will be my 50th knockout victim <sec> wladimir klitschko tells cnn that david haye will be his 50th knockout victim .  the two heavyweight boxers face off in hamburg , germany on july 2 .  klitschko holds the ibf , wbo & ibo belts , haye the wba version .  the ukrainian has won 55 of his 58 fights during a 15-year career with 49 via ko .
 missouri man gets 20 years for keeping sex slave <sec> edward bagley sr. kept a `` mentally deficient '' runaway as a sex slave six years .  torture , including being hung upside down , began when woman was 16 .  authorities discovered the victim when she went into cardiac arrest during torture .  bagley 's wife , four other men also charged in sexual abuse of the victi .
 tensions high in ukraine after at least 21 die in fiery clashes <sec> video shows an armored personnel carrier hit by molotov cocktails , bursting into flames .  an opposition leader says there was `` no discussion '' in his meeting with the president .  a crisis that has been brewing for three months erupts in worst violence to date .  the 21 killed in kiev include 9 police officers , 11 protesters and 1 political party officia .
 agency : pentagon broke law in bergdahl prisoner swap <sec> critical gop senator : `` this latest overreach ... has dangerous implications '' .  bergdahl was captured in 2009 , released in 2014 in exchange for 5 taliban detainees .  gao : congress should 've been told 30 days before ; funds were n't authorized .  pentagon spokesman : the swap `` was lawfully done ; '' officials had to move quickl .
 breathe easy : frequent flyer health tips <sec> frequent flyers in frontline of potential infectious diseases .  only a small portion of plane cabin air is recycled .  airbus spokesperson says chances of viruses being transferred is low .  most travelers should take same health precautions they would at hom .
 karzai and cameron pledge to work toward afghan future <sec> new : cameron and karzai sign an agreement on the long-term future of afghanistan .  new : cameron says britain will still have combat troops in afghanistan into 2014 .  britain is the second largest contributor of troops to nato 's forces there after the u.s . .  president nicolas sarkozy has said france will withdraw its troops a year earlier than planne .
 ex-england cricketer on drug smuggling charge <sec> four kilos of cocaine worth $ 350,000 seized at gatwick airport .  officials : drugs were in a liquid form hidden in fruit tins in luggage .  chris lewis played cricket for england during the 1990 .
 n.c. college shooting suspect booted from court <sec> kenneth morgan stancil , charged with first-degree murder , swears at the judge .  deputies escort him from court after he tries to flip over a table .  stancil is accused of killing an employee at wayne community colleg .
 will uk press regulation charter prevents abuses or damage journalism ? <sec> court in britain denies newspapers ' attempt to block royal charter regulating press .  charter establishes government-backed plan to regulate uk press .  pro-government regulation activist : plan will give public better protection from press abuse .  media commentator for guardian : publishers will simply ignore charte .
 honduras suspends relations with argentina <sec> honduras takes action after its ambassador is expelled from argentina .  argentina ousted ambassador because she backed new honduras government .  argentina among nations demanding that ousted honduran president be restored .  honduran president jose manuel zelaya ousted in military coup in jun .
 sharapova sets up lisicki rematch in last 16 at wimbledon <sec> top seed maria sharapova through to the last 16 after beating su-wei hsieh on friday .  french open champion will next play germany 's sabine lisicki in wimbledon rematch .  russian could then face former world no . .  1 kim clijsters in the quarterfinals next week .  clijsters , playing her final wimbledon , must first get past germany 's angelique kerbe .
 georgia governor signs medical marijuana law <sec> georgia gov . .  nathan deal signs a medical marijuana bill .  the bill is inspired by haleigh cox , a 5-year-old whose seizures threatened her lif .
 study links some adhd meds to rare deaths <sec> study : stimulant meds , often used in adhd , may have role in kids ' deaths .  authors warn parents not to stop treating kids with adhd ; risk is low .  stimulant meds currently contain a warning targeted to specific high-risk children .  about 2.5 million u.s. children take such medication .
 blockbuster video : 10 things we wo n't miss <sec> blockbuster is closing its remaining stores .  some of the things ew wo n't miss includes the wrong movie in the box .  ew also wo n't miss the uniform .
 six omg moments at the rnc <sec> `` is crying becoming a 'thing ' for republicans ? '' .  asks one tweeter .  lgbt group threw a party that included go-go dancers and a velvet rope .  the twitter account @ clintschair has more than 2,000 followers .  several photos of a man wearing a hat made of a beer case earned salute .
 in search of a gay soccer hero : the secret footballer on homophobia <sec> homosexual players in football remain scarce with robbie rogers the latest to come out and then retire .  footballers protect their own but can not shield players from terrace abuse .  abuse for a gay player even in 2013 would be `` intolerable .
 grim wait as australians face prospect of firing squad <sec> final legal challenge to be filed to save australians on death row in indonesia .  supporters say the convicted drug smugglers are changed men who deserve a second chance .  indonesian president joko widodo has denied them clemenc .
 pentagon : if afghan prisoners re-join fight , they 're 'targets ' <sec> admiral : if prisoners return to the fight , `` they become legitimate enemies '' .  u.s. embassy in kabul says the prisoner release is `` deeply regrettable '' .  u.s. military says some of those freed are linked to attacks on u.s. troops .  afghanistan says it does n't have enough evidence to keep them behind bar .
 greek government talks turn ugly <sec> new : greek government talks to stretch into monday .  parties on the left trade insults and accusations after talks with the president .  socialist leader venizelos says his party is ready for new elections .  the results of a new election would be much like the last one , a poll say .
 march madness offers little-known players a shot at nba glory <sec> field of 68 gives small colleges a chance to shine .  bryce drew turned tournament fame into lasting pro career .  pro scouts look for diamonds in the roug .
 pelosi emerges as powerhouse in d.c . <sec> after democrats lost 60-vote senate majority , some wanted to scale back health bill .  speaker nancy pelosi fought to keep the bill comprehensive , says julian zelizer .  he says she combines strong ideology with ability to amass needed votes .  zelizer says pelosi has emerged as powerful dealmaker for democrat .
 second woman says paraguay leader fathered kid out of wedlock <sec> paraguayan president fernando lugo fathered son , woman says .  lugo admitted to fathering another child out of wedlock last week .  on latest allegation , lugo says he 'll `` act always in pursuit of the truth '' .  opposition lawmaker urges vatican to excommunicate lugo , an ex-catholic bisho .
 homosexuality is 'sport 's last taboo ' <sec> graeme le saux says an `` undercurrent of prejudice '' exists in football .  ex-england star endured homophobic abuse amid false rumors he was gay .  le saux says football needs to do more to tackle prejudice , homophobi .
 senate panel tackles border security in immigration bill <sec> new : senate judiciary committee considers amendments to `` gang of eight '' bill for eight hours .  new : panel rejects major changes to border control provisions in the bill .  new : panel set to resume consideration of the bill next tuesday .  if enacted , the plan would be the first overhaul of u.s. immigration policy since 198 .
 israeli politician threatens iran with attack over nukes <sec> international sanctions on iran not effective , minister tells newspaper .  deputy prime minister shaul mofaz is possible candidate for prime minister .  israeli pm said earlier this week that `` iranian threat must be stopped '' .  iran says it 's trying to develop nuclear energy ; west sees arms ambition .
 tina weirather , marcel hirscher maintain good skiing form <sec> tina weirather crushed the field to win a women 's giant slalom in val d'isere .  liechtenstein 's weirather extends her advantage in the world cup overall standings .  austria 's marcel hirscher wins his second straight men 's giant slalom .  hirscher increases his lead in the giant slalom standings to 60 point .
 officials tally votes after historic libyan election <sec> new : u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon congratulates the libyan people on the election .  some polling centers remain open after violence stopped voters from casting ballots .  preliminary results of the parliamentary vote could be announced sunday or monday , an official says .  the 200-seat national assembly will help rebuild the nation , create institution .
 wilshere makes arsenal return after long-term absence <sec> jack wilshere has not played for 14 months .  20-year-old has suffered with foot , knee and ankle problems .  wilshere made england debut against hungary in august 2010 .  midfielder was arsenal 's most used player in 2010-11 seaso .
 at least 1 killed as 6.9 quake shakes mexico , guatemala <sec> new : one person killed in mexico , authorities say .  new : pictures show damage to airport in tapachula , mexico .  quake strikes in southern chiapas state , near guatemala .  temblor happened at 6:23 a.m. local tim .
 man may get death penalty in firefighters ' deaths <sec> jury convicts man on five counts of first-degree murder , 11 counts of arson .  2006 fire outside los angeles , california , killed five firefighters .  jury recommends death ; sentencing set for june .
 jero : old tricks , new idol <sec> jero has made traditional japanese enka songs hip and found new audience .  he sang enka with his japanese grandmother when he was a young boy .  found success on talent show and first single made no.4 in chart .
 greek politician throws glass of water , slaps opponent on talk show <sec> arrest warrant issued for greek politician after turmoil on morning talk show .  ilias kasidiaris was seen throwing water , slapping female politicians on tv .  they were on talk show to discuss upcoming election .
 wayne brady reveals battle with depression <sec> tv personality wayne brady opened up on his battle with depression .  robin williams ' death inspired him to come forward .  he hopes that sharing his journey will help someone els .
 media 's failure on iraq still stings <sec> howard kurtz : news reporting before war in iraq was media 's greatest failure in recent times .  he says news organizations aided bush administration 's push to war on faulty premises .  newspapers ran stories without enough skepticism , he says .  kurtz : public 's lack of confidence in media can partly be traced back to 200 .
 coconuts and trash cans : a 'crazy ' recipe for beach tennis success <sec> vinicius font is the first non-italian player to be ranked no . .  1 in beach tennis .  last year he helped brazil to become the first other nation to win world title .  he initially played normal tennis , but took up the beach version in 2008 .  font believes the game is worthy of a future place at the olympic .
 baseball star clemens charged with perjury in steroid testimony <sec> new : pitching legend 's lawyer says clemens knew `` this day would come '' .  clemens denies allegations and says he wants his day in court .  charges include obstructing congress , false statements and perjury .  in 2008 , clemens testified that he did n't use performance-enhancing drug .
 joe jackson on physically disciplining his kids : 'i 'm glad i was tough ' <sec> joe jackson said he was strict because he wanted the best for his family .  `` this was gary , indiana , and i had to make sure that they did n't get in any type of trouble '' .  jackson tells cnn 's piers morgan he heard about michael jackson 's death from a fan .  on his son 's jailed doctor : `` i blame a lot of people , not just conrad murray .
 five things we learned from day two of the dnc <sec> the full clinton showed up wednesday with combative and charming oratory .  clinton answered the question , `` are you better off than you were four years ago ? '' .  platform battle over jerusalem and god show foreign policy and religion matter .  paul ryan 's budget plan may cause republicans problems headed into the fal .
 holy week : exploring the message of jesus <sec> jay parini : when religious identity , ethics , tolerance are roiling the culture , it 's worth looking at message of holy week and easter .  he says ritual enactment of these three days is reminder that again and again the human condition moves through darkness into ligh .
 natalie cole kidney came from deceased fan <sec> natalie cole 's new kidney came from deceased fan ; fan 's family asked for cole .  natalie cole underwent kidney transplant surgery tuesday .  singer received supportive e-mails when on cnn 's `` larry king live '' in marc .
 tourist hit by new york taxi has part of leg amputated <sec> taxi jumps a curb at a busy intersection and hits a british tourist and a cyclist .  pedestrian loses left leg below the knee .  dr. mehmet oz , plumber assisted woma .
 3 get death sentence in india gang rapes <sec> the gang rapes took place in mumbai .  a december 2012 rape provoked outrage across india .  the 2012 case prompted new statutes fast-tracking arrests in rape case .
 lab : boston strangler 's dna on slain woman 's body <sec> officials : anthony desalvo 's dna matches evidence from a boston strangler killing .  the victim was 19 when she was raped and murdered in her apartment in 1964 .  desalvo had confessed , then recanted ; he died in 1973 .  his body was exhumed this month so a dna sample could be extracte .
 jerry lewis apologizes for saying gay slur <sec> new : lewis apologizes for using the word `` fag '' during telethon .  lewis was joking with cameraman in 18th hour of telethon .  glaad denounces lewis ' use of `` fag '' .  annual muscular dystrophy association telethon raises $ 63.7 millio .
 tiger : i can beat nicklaus ' major record <sec> tiger woods tells cnn he plans to play long enough to break jack nicklaus ' record .  american is four major titles behind the 18 won by nicklaus , whose last came at 46 .  woods , 36 , says he constantly has to answer questions about whether he can win again .  his young rival rory mcilroy says he aims to match woods ' longevity at the top of gol .
 facebook video leads to teens ' murder arrests <sec> three teens ordered held without bond in connection with illinois beating .  delfino mora , 62 , died from blunt head trauma , the cook county medical examiner says .  `` i want revenge , but my mom told us not to do anything , '' the dead man 's son says .  the family needs money to return the man 's body to his hometown in mexico for buria .
 is this the formula one car of the future ? <sec> ferrari unveil radical formula one car design on its website .  the sleek design aims to blend beauty and technology .  f1 teams will fine tune 2015 cars at second winter test in barcelona , thursda .
 cnn student news - january 15 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 movember : why i 'm growing the 'stache <sec> stewart scott-curran : movember is a conversation starter about men 's health .  he says it reminds him of family responsibility as much as it does of beards .  scott-curran : `` it never fails to give me ... a great sense of confidence .
 lady gaga joins the list of celibate stars <sec> bristol palin is encouraging teens to wait on sex until they 're married .  the jonas brothers all took celibacy vows and wear rings to prove it .  miley cyrus , selena gomez and jordin sparks are all celibate , to .
 no matter what it does , high court is seen as political <sec> thursday 's health care ruling angers the political right .  recent poll says public thinks justices base rulings on personal views , rather than the law .  analyst : the supreme court gets dragged down by party politics in washington .  bush v. gore case increased the perception of a politicized high court , analyst say .
 james ray found guilty of negligent homicide in sweat lodge case <sec> self-help guru found guilty of negligent homicide in deaths of three people .  the jury finds ray not guilty of manslaughter charges .  three people died in 2009 after participating in ceremony led by ray .  participants had paid up to $ 10,000 to join ray 's `` retreat .
 90-year-old former nazi loses legal battle to stop deportation from the u.s . <sec> john ( ivan ) kalymon sought to overturn a lower court 's deportation ruling .  the biggest problem may be finding another country willing to take him .  u.s. sources confirm he is under investigation by a unit of the german polic .
 border patrol : agent kills man after alleged attack <sec> officials : agent fired when a suspected illegal border crosser assaulted him .  incident happened along u.s.-canada borde .
 italy 's best affordable country inns <sec> the list includes everything from an ancient stone villa in piedmont to an atelier in florence .  one inn invites guests to drink asti spumante in its renaissance-style garden .  another offers a breakfast of house-made almond cake and croissant .
 couple loves cloned best friend <sec> edgar and nina otto paid $ 150,000 to clone their late dog using stored dna .  californian and south korean companies collaborate on the cloning .  cloned puppy eerily walks like original and crosses paws like him .  couple owns nine other dogs as well as cats , birds , and shee .
 ghanaian king 's luggage , valuable jewelry swiped from norwegian hotel <sec> king otumfuo osei tutu ii , head of the asante people , goes to norway to attend a conference .  one of his bags is stolen from the lobby of a radisson hotel in oslo , according to police .  the luggage contains royal jewelry `` of great value , '' police say .  authorities release video hoping the public can identify two suspects in the thef .
 society crime writer dominick dunne , dies at 83 <sec> dunne had been receiving stem cell treatments in europe for bladder cancer .  he was working on his final novel , due out in december .  dunne covered the trials of the wealthy and notorious for vanity fair .  he also wrote best-sellers and hosted a show on trut .
 opinion : weiner , spitzer out : thank you new york <sec> john avlon : new york 's primary election sent an important message .  he says voters chose to reject comeback attempts of anthony weiner and eliot spitzer .  avlon says republicans wisely chose not to nominate candidate with the most money .  voters also did n't vote strictly along ethnic or demographic lines , he say .
 timeline of events in trayvon martin case <sec> february 26 : george zimmerman shot , killed trayvon martin in sanford , florida .  zimmerman calls the shooting self-defense ; martin family says victim was profiled .  april 11 : zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder , later goes to jail .  april 23 : he pleads not guilty after being released on bai .
 unions protest as spain marks eighth anniversary of madrid train bombings <sec> a victim leader and union leaders attend a memorial marking the 2004 bombing anniversary .  some criticize unions for holding nationwide protests over labor reforms on the same day .  the protest `` absolutely does not bother us , '' says pilar manjon , whose son was killed in attacks .  some ceremonies are moved to monday because of the union demonstration .
