 komodo dragons kill indonesian fisherman <sec> fisherman was trespassing on island when dragons attacked .  muhamad anwar died from heavy bleeding on his way to hospital .  komodo dragon attacks on humans are rar .
 sources : 'the view ' snags 'maddow ' producer <sec> bill wolff served as vice president of msnbc 's prime-time programming .  he is expected to replace bill geddie , who started with the show .  reports say abc and nbc engineered a `` swap .
 ac milan closer to title as bari drop out of serie a <sec> robinho 's late winner puts ac milan eight points clear with four games to play .  five-time defending champions inter move up to second place with 2-1 win over lazio .  napoli 's title hopes suffer another blow with second successive defeat .  bari drop down to serie a following 1-0 defeat by fellow strugglers sampdori .
 cristiano ronaldo puts real on the way to la liga summit <sec> real madrid beat levante 3-0 in la liga .  los blancos three points clear at the top .  cristiano ronaldo scored the opener in bernabeu .  juventus maintain big lead in serie .
 zakaria : obama must 'laser ' focus on economy <sec> fareed zakaria : obama should save presidential time , energy for the economy .  u.s. economy is in dangerous paralysis , says zakaria .  zakaria : war in afghanistan is top foreign policy problem obama should addres .
 new york 's hiv rate 3 times higher than nation 's <sec> agency estimates 72 of every 100,000 new yorkers contracted hiv in 2006 .  expert : demographics of the city contribute to the high rate of hiv infection .  the city launched a three-year initiative to give hiv tests to untested bronx adult .
 heathrow and gatwick : 2014 'busiest ever ' <sec> heathrow and gatwick airports had record passengers in 2014 .  heathrow is now world 's third-busiest airport .  both gatwick and heathrow are hoping to land a new runwa .
 italian political leaders hope to bring direction to government at sea <sec> talks led by president giorgio napolitano begin wednesday in an effort to forge a government .  napolitano said he will first try to get agreement on pierluigi bersani as prime minister .  bersani 's party holds the lower house , but is vying in the senate with silvio berlusconi 's party .  with no agreement , new parliamentary elections would be schedule .
 from darkness to victory : being the world 's best blind golfer <sec> young american wins world blind golf championship two years after losing his vision .  jeremy poincenot feared he 'd never play golf again after being blinded by rare disease .  the 20-year-old is joined on the golf course by his father , who acts as his son 's eyes .  he is now setting his sights on the next tournament in canada in 201 .
 facebook launches u.s. politics page <sec> facebook has launched a page devoted to u.s. politics .  the page monitors how politicians use facebook to connect with citizens .  barack obama has more than 8.6 million fan .
 5 restaurant escapes with exotic views <sec> the view is as big of a draw as the food at these restaurants in stunning locations .  appreciate the walls-free hilltop dining room of kahanda kanda galle in sri lanka .  cambodian restaurant on stilts is just across from a 10th century royal bathing reservoir .  check out more great travel tips and destinations at five to g .
 contain israel , compel iran <sec> nina tannenwald and hussein banai : president obama faces a delicate balancing act .  they say he has to persuade either israel or iran to back down from its current position .  tannenwald and banai : iran 's elections offer negotiation room for president obama .  they say president obama 's electoral prospects give him an upper hand in dealing with israe .
 kiss , nirvana , chic among rock hall nominees <sec> the rock and roll hall of fame announced its potential 2014 inductees .  nominees include kiss , nirvana , n.w.a . .  and more .  fans can cast a vote for their favorite artis .
 dead 's lesh : 'we 've got some unfinished music ' <sec> the dead -- surviving members of the grateful dead -- will start a tour in april .  band did a special concert for barack obama last year .  phil lesh on group 's jam influence : `` if we did n't do it , someone else would have '' .  ireport.com : share photos from your `` dead head '' day .
 court : certain green card applicants wo n't 'age out , ' have to wait longer <sec> 9th circuit court of appeals , by a 6-5 vote , reverses an earlier immigration ruling .  sons and daughters once in line for `` derivative visas '' wo n't lose their place after turning 21 .  `` these families are finally going to be back together , '' a victorious lawyer says .  `` immigration reform '' advocate says ruling makes the `` system even more dysfunctional .
 sarkozy 's exit could transform france 's world role <sec> mark jacobson : election of francois hollande has global implications .  he says new french president could accelerate withdrawal of french troops from afghanistan .  jacobson : france , which played leading role in libya , could affect syria and iran policy .  hollande 's success may rest on his ability to work with leaders of other nations , he say .
 final season of 'mad men ' to be split in half , air in 2014 and 2015 <sec> `` mad men '' will air in spring 2014 and 2015 .  the same strategy was used by the network for 'breaking bad ' .  creator promises `` a more elaborate story told in two parts .
 america 's most luxurious airport layovers ( yes , they exist ) <sec> enough with the admiral 's lounge free coffee . .  it 's 2013 -- let 's fly like it .  miami international has one of the best public art collections anywhere in the country .  a golf simulator in detroit metropolitan offers virtual shots at the famed 18 hole at pebble beach .  boston logan has genuinely great foo .
 china cuts mines vital to tech industry <sec> state media : china will cut production of rare earths by 20 % .  china produces more than 90 % of the minerals , which are vital for technology makers .  officials : cuts necessary for environmental reasons , industry consolidation .  u.s. , japan and eu have filed complaints with wto against china on rare earths trad .
 elton john : jesus would support same-sex marriage <sec> elton john believes jesus would support same-sex marriage .  he 's excited by pope francis ' message and emphasis on inclusion .  john on his upcoming marriage : `` it 'll be very quiet and very off the cuff .
 u.s. loosens restrictions regarding cuba <sec> three provisions are attached to $ 410 billion spending bill signed by obama .  travel restrictions to cuba from u.s. loosened ; it will be easier to send money there .  sales of u.s. agricultural and pharmaceutical products could be easier now .  some critics say measures should not have been attached to spending bil .
 natalie cole has kidney transplant <sec> natalie cole underwent kidney transplant surgery tuesday .  singer has been receiving kidney dialysis since september .  grammy-winning cole scheduled a tour for cd `` still unforgettable .
 dominant vettel takes pole to flag win in canadian grand prix <sec> sebastian vettel wins canadian grand prix in montreal .  red bull star leads from start to finish to extend championship lead .  german is now 36 points clear of closest rival fernando alonso .  ferrari driver finishes second ahead of mercedes 's lewis hamilto .
 former ioc chief samaranch dies aged 89 <sec> juan antonio samaranch , 89 , dies after suffering a cardiac arrest .  the former international olympic committee ( ioc ) president was admitted to hospital on tuesday .  spaniard samaranch was head of the ioc from 1980 to 2001 , until retirin .
 opinion : federal contract workers deserve justice on pay <sec> william lucy was with mlk in memphis supporting living wages for sanitation workers .  lucy : mlk killed on that trip , and his dream of economic opportunity still unmet .  americans struggle to make ends meet , he says , especially federal contract workers .  lucy : president obama could easily require government contractors to pay a living wag .
 'whale wars ' tv star-activist resigns after court injunction <sec> 'whale wars ' tv captain paul watson resigns from anti-whaling activities .  a federal injunction forbids him and his group from approaching japanese plaintiffs .  watson gained fame by disrupting japanese whalers on the open se .
 fifa turn down ireland 's replay request <sec> fifa turn down a request from the irish football association ( fai ) to replay their deciding world cup play-off game against france .  fifa : `` the result of the match can not be changed and the match can not be replayed '' .  french president nicolas sarkozy said : `` i was sorry for [ ireland ] but do not ask me to stand in for the referee of the game '' .  new : former ireland captain roy keane accuses fai of hyprocrisy in their appeal to fif .
 hurricane frank leaves death , destruction behind as it moves off shore <sec> new : hurricane frank is about 380 miles south of baja california , with 80 mph winds .  it is expected to gradually weaken starting friday .  two frank-related mudslides caused four deaths in southern mexico 's oaxaca state .  frank is the third hurricane in the pacific ocean in 201 .
 scientists create a mini mars on earth <sec> some of the martian environment is being replicated to help test a future rover .  the european space agency is planning missions for 2016 and 2018 .  the `` mars yard '' will be used up until launch but kept available after a rover has landed in 2019 .  two spacecraft are currently en route to the red plane .
 5 world leaders missing mandela 's memorial <sec> the pope , fidel castro and benjamin netanyahu wo n't attend mandela remembrances .  the dalai lama has n't been able to enter south africa in the past .  the pope and israel sent stand-in .
 adama paris : why i started black fashion week <sec> adama amanda ndiaye is best known as the creator of fashion label , adama paris .  the senegalese designer wants to reinvent how african fashion is showcased .  tired of seeing a lack of black models on the catwalk , she launched black fashion wee .
 six new spots for architecture lovers <sec> new world symphony offers free and reduced price music at new miami beach campus .  a hiking trail runs through the natural history museum of utah 's outdoor space .  skateboarders and music lovers alike are welcome outside norway 's oslo opera house .  medellín , colombia 's libraries are part of the city 's commitment to its poorest resident .
 gop retains wisconsin senate control in recall battle <sec> new : tea party express member : the importance of the vote ca n't be overstated .  rnc chair : vote is an affirmation of walker 's policies .  six republican senators faced recall votes tuesday .  the recalls stem from the winter battles over union right .
 warrantless cell phone searches spread to more states <sec> in california it is legal for police to search an arrestee 's cell phone with out a warrant .  a florida appellate court upheld warrantless cell phone searches .  michigan chapter of the american civil liberties union is fighting bac .
 'big bang theory ' season 8 : what to expect <sec> the eighth season of `` the big bang theory '' premieres monday at 8 p.m . .  the premiere will feature two new episodes .  the series will shift back to thursdays starting october 3 .
 turkish delight : contemporary cool in istanbul <sec> a 2010 european capital of culture , istanbul is a city of the moment .  its ancient sights are a must-see , but so are its modern art galleries and music clubs .  istanbul modern and garajinstanbul are at the forefront of the contemporary arts movemen .
 peanut-free ballgame highlights food allergy dangers <sec> kids with deadly food allergies enjoy rare peanut-free ballpark .  at least 120 people die each year in the united states from peanut allergies .  food allergies are becoming more prevalent worldwide , cdc says .  doctors developing theories to explain increasing prevalence of food allergie .
 saudi beheadings : <sec> cell phone footage of a saudi beheading was leaked by activists .  the video gives a glimpse into what human rights groups call a barbaric practice .  human rights watch : the country executed 87 people in 2014 , most by beheading .  saudi officials told cnn the punishment is an integral part of their system of islamic la .
 two teenage girls executed by somali militants <sec> `` those two girls were evil , '' says an al-shabaab commander .  one man says the group called on residents to witness the execution .  a relative of one girl denies the two were spie .
 djokovic , sharapova battle into last 16 in windy miami <sec> world no . .  1 novak djokovic stays on course for third successive miami title .  serbian will next face 15th seed tommy haas in the last 16 of hard-court event .  maria sharapova , four times a runner-up at key biscayne , also through to round four .  indian wells winner will next play czech world no . .  22 klara zakopalov .
 agony of defeat : for seahawks , will it last forever ? <sec> days after the super bowl , the chatter about the losing play goes on . .  terence moore : the ending reminds us of other dramatic reversals in sport .
 mcdonald 's is the boss now ( opinion ) <sec> nlrb just ruled mcdonald 's is an employer and must take responsibility for workers .  writers : the fast-food industry often hands over responsibility for workers to its franchisees .  writers : this means it 's immune from problems with workers at their restaurants .  writers : now if franchisee cheats , workers have recourse against corporate paren .
 and the world 's best island is ... <sec> ambergris caye wins tripadvisor best island award for second year running .  scotland 's harris and lewis is new entrant at no . .  5 .  chincoteague , with its wild ponies , and san juan island among u.s. top 1 .
 pet rescuers brave fukushima danger zone <sec> many owners left pets behind when evacuations were ordered .  `` we tried to save him , but we could n't get in , '' one says .  japan has no plans to retrieve animals from contaminated area .
 four seasons jet : ultimate vacation <sec> four seasons ' branded jet will begin around-the-world tours in 2015 .  the 24-day , nine-destination global journey costs $ 119,000 per person .  statistics show global travel market poised for growth in 201 .
 church offers marriage and baptism in one <sec> church of england looking to be more welcoming to unmarried parents .  church research : 20 percent of couples getting married already had children .  parents offered baptism for their child at the same time as their weddin .
 opinion : pistorius , and the psychology of walls <sec> oscar pistorius was charged with murder after shooting his girlfriend in their home .  ron irwin : walled complexes like pistorius ' home are popular across south africa .  he says living behind high walls changes people 's mindset about security .  irwin : residents tend to be more careless and casual when they live in a maze of concret .
 davos : quiet dissent from pragmatic protestors <sec> the world economic forum in davos attracted only quiet protestors beyond its security .  this year 's dissenters , unlike the occupy movement of previous years , did n't attract much attention .  they appeared as the world 's business and political leaders were leaving tow .
 report : al qaeda kills french hostage held in mali <sec> french foreign ministry says everything 's being done to gain release of hostages .  mauritania 's ani news agency attributes the information to an aqim spokesman .  hostage was killed in response to french intervention in mali , he reportedly say .
 rogue trader costs ubs $ 2 billion <sec> ubs itself reported the rogue trader to police , officers say .  british media name the arrested man as kweku adoboli .  the loss could be caused by anything from fraud to `` stupidity , '' an expert says .  it would be among the largest losses in unauthorized tradin .
 judge : arizona shooting suspect improving , should stay on medication <sec> federal judge larry burns says jared lee loughner is `` getting better '' .  the suspect in an arizona mass shooting was forced to take anti-psychotic drugs .  his lawyers argued that doing so was unconstitutional .  the judge rules loughner 's treatment will continue , saying it 's likely he can stand tria .
 ferrer stunned in u.s. open <sec> fourth seed david ferrer out of u.s. open , beaten by france 's gilles simon .  roger federer reaches last 16 as he continues bid for sixth new york title .  caroline wozniacki reaches women 's quarterfinals , beating maria sharapova .  belinda bencic , 17 , becomes youngest u.s. open quarterfinalist since 199 .
 today , talking politics is plain ugly <sec> ruben navarrette : we 're a nation divided into two camps that call each other names .  navarrette : a black actress came out for romney and got slammed and reviled .  limbaugh calls activist a 'slut , ' he says , columnist blasted for changing parties .  nobody can disagree without going on the attack , he writes , and leaders just as ba .
 ohio shooting suspect goes to court for hearing <sec> accused school shooter t.j. lane headed back to court tuesday .  he is accused of three counts of aggravated murder , among other charges .  a service for demetrius c. hewlin is held on tuesda .
 dark skin is also a problem among african-americans <sec> acura criticized after agency sought light-skinned african-americans for its super bowl ad .  this is n't a new story , roland martin says .  there must be discussion on belief that being light-skinned means a better life , martin says .  film `` dark girls '' explores pain associated with dark skin , re-creates famous doll stud .
 north korea qualifies for 2010 world cup <sec> north korea qualify from group 2 with 0-0 draw against saudi arabia .  australia top group 1 of asian qualifying with 2-1 win over japan .  bahrain clinch playoff spot from group 1 with 1-0 win over uzbekista .
 grigor dimitrov on the rise after 'inspired ' acapulco triumph <sec> grigor dimitrov wins atp tournament in mexico .  beats kevin anderson of south africa in final in acapulco .  2nd atp title for 22-year-old bulgarian .  dominika cibulkova wins wta even .
 boeing asks airlines worldwide to inspect aircraft <sec> boeing asks airlines to inspect planes equipped with honeywell emergency locators .  uk investigators say transmitter likely to blame for 787 fire at heathrow this month .  in u.s. , boeing faces $ 2.75 million faa penalt .
 analysis : obama won with a better ground game <sec> analysis : robust field campaigning , direct contact with voters made the difference .  `` many field campaigns have ... favored quantity over quality . .  we do not , '' top obama aide says .  democratic field offices outnumbered gop outposts in key swing state .
 9 killed when bus falls over cliff in mexico <sec> most of the passengers were pilgrims headed to mexico city .  the bus went over a cliff about 40 meters ( 131 feet ) hig .
 bangladesh vs. the u.s. : how much does it cost to make a denim shirt ? <sec> the eight-storey rana plaza garment factory collapsed in bangladesh last week .  more than 400 workers were killed , highlighting issues with safety and wages .  our graphic illustrates the cost of making a denim shirt in the u.s. and banglades .
 official : missing woman 's husband blows up house to kill himself , 2 sons <sec> new : in an affidavit filed last week , powell said , `` i am standing tall for my sons '' .  new : josh powell killed himself and his sons in a `` double homicide , '' an official says .  `` this was all on him . .  he set this up , he did it , '' the sheriff 's spokesman adds .  powell has said he last saw his wife , susan cox-powell , in december 200 .
 arizona sheriff shrugs off latest death threat <sec> $ 1 million bounty was sent as a text message , the sheriff 's office said .  threat originated in mexico , sheriff 's spokeswoman says .  sheriff joe arpaio said he 's had previous death threats , including a $ 5 million bounty .  `` it 's part of my job , '' sheriff tells cn .
 solar plane promises new era of flight <sec> the solar impulse is a unique aircraft which uses solar energy .  63-meter wide wingspan is similar to dimensions of a jumbo jet .  swiss team plan to fly non-stop around the globe in 201 .
