 what 's new on netflix and amazon for july <sec> amazon and netflix have new offerings for july .  there are several tv shows , films and specials .  two new cbs shows will be streamin .
 commentary : gop should n't knock community organizers <sec> roland martin : republicans are emphasizing the theme of `` country first '' .  martin : wednesday night 's speeches took jabs at community organizers .  yet civil rights activists and other organizers have accomplished a lot , he says .  martin : gop should beware of deriding organizers who can get out the vot .
 football : gerrard admits punching man in bar <sec> english football star steven gerrard has admitted punching a man in a bar .  but the liverpool captain says in court testimony that it was in self-defense .  gerrard , 29 , denies charge of affray for attacking businessman marcus mcgee .  if found guilty , he faces maximum penalty of six months in jail and $ 7,200 fin .
 judges hear four states defend same-sex marriage bans <sec> conservative judge expressed concerns about michigan 's same-sex ban .  unusual series of oral arguments in a federal appeals courtroom in ohio .  gay rights supporters in the midst of legal winning strea .
 surprise : the internet hates rich people <sec> facebook ipo is set to create `` thousands of millionaires '' .  that has led some to resent the site , which makes money off its users ' data .  facebook tries to counter all the negativity by saying `` likers gon na like .
 commentary : what turkey can do for the u.s . <sec> zeyno baran : obama 's speech shows deep understanding of turkey .  she says administration needs to make good use of turkey 's role in region .  baran : using turkey to make peace with taliban would be a mistake .  she says turkey can help rebuild afghanistan and provide securit .
 cherry blossom festivals a rite of spring <sec> u.s. capital celebrates 100 years of cherry blossoms .  san francisco will choose a cherry blossom queen .  vancouver , british columbia , will have a dance party to honor the blosso .
 rapture , indiana , not sweating predicted day of judgment <sec> rapture , indiana , is in farm country a half-hour northwest of evansville .  it 's not clear how it got its name .  a radio network has predicted that judgment day will begin saturda .
 5 things : what to watch for sunday at the world cup <sec> u.s. has big match against motivated portugal .  all eyes will be on star portugal player ronaldo .  will beckerman be able to do a thing with his hair .
 new jersey officer accused of burning captain 's home is out on bail <sec> michael dotro , 35 , has been released after a hearing ; family provided $ 2 million for bail .  nine-year edison police department veteran must surrender his passport , firearms .  edison police capt . .  mark anderko 's home was damaged in a may 20 blaze .  dotro has pleaded not guilty to 5 counts of attempted murder , 1 count of aggravated arso .
 tomb of the unknowns caught in battle <sec> debate centers on whether to fix cracks on tomb of unknowns or replace it .  repairing it would cost an estimated $ 65,000 ; replacing it would cost $ 2.2 million .  cemetery officials want a replica structure ; say cheap fixes wo n't preserve it .  preservationists say a replica would crack over time , just like the current on .
 orange succession : queen beatrix to prince willem-alexander <sec> queen beatrix will end 33 years on the dutch throne on april 30 .  she will be succeeded by prince willem-alexander . .  he has earned a history degree and served in the dutch royal navy .  his daughter catharina-amalia will be first in line when he becomes kin .
 d.c. school system fires 241 teachers <sec> new : schools chancellor michelle rhee says children are done `` a disservice '' by poor teachers .  teachers union says most members dislike impact program .  union plans to challenge 81 firings .  hundreds of other employees are put on notic .
 self-help author to stand trial in sweat lodge deaths <sec> new : a relative says victims ' `` ability to make rational decisions was taken away '' .  james arthur ray is charged with three counts of reckless manslaughter .  his attorneys maintain the deaths were accidental .  prosecutors say ray heated the lodge to dangerous temperature .
 youtube blocked in china <sec> by early wednesday , users inside china encountered : `` network timeout '' .  china blocked youtube during deadly riots in tibet in march 2008 .  chinese government and tibet 's government-in-exile differ on death tol .
 kabul restaurant was beloved refuge ; now it 's terrorists ' rubble <sec> restaurant owner kamal hamade was among 21 people killed in a taliban attack .  his taverna du liban was a beloved spot for expats to gather in kabul .  visitors got smiles and laughs from kamal -- with a hunk of chocolate cak .
 police review death of rolling stones founder brian jones <sec> sussex police confirm they are reviewing information on brian jones ' death .  rolling stones founder was found dead in his swimming pool in july 1969 .  inquest found `` death by misadventure , '' although questions remained .  investigative journalist has handed documents , other material to polic .
 kenya attack : accounts suspected of funding terrorism frozen <sec> the attack at a garissa university last week killed 147 people , mostly students .  the government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to al-shabaa .
 sec staffers watched porn as economy crashed <sec> sec investigation : dozens of employees , contractors surfed porn sites on work computers .  staffers violated government-wide ethics rules , report finds .  report : all cases occurred while country was teetering on verge of financial collaps .
 milan : things to know before you go <sec> restaurants off the beaten track might be unwilling to serve you dinner after 8.30 p.m . .  milanese tend to drink their coffee long , with added water , rather than espressos favored elsewhere in italy .  milan 's chefs are n't afraid of tinkering with the tried and trusted italian dining experienc .
 norway says iran confiscated nobel peace prize from iranian activist <sec> shirin ebadi received prize for focus on human rights , especially women and children .  norway did not explain how it had learned of the alleged confiscation .  the medal and the diploma have been removed from dr. ebadi 's bank box , say official .
 british home secretary announces arrest of al qaeda member this year <sec> theresa may delivered an address on counter-terrorism .  she says terror threats are likely to continue .  this comes days after a plot to send bombs to the u.s .
 3 north dakota students found dead ; foul play not suspected <sec> police find women in car submerged in pond .  friend says the missing women called her , were hysterical , mentioned water .  the three students were known to stargaze at lake , father of one tells abc .  kyrstin gemar , afton williamson and ashley neufeld were last seen sunday nigh .
 actor edward norton named un goodwill ambassador <sec> u.n. secretary-general names actor edward norton as goodwill ambassador .  focus will be on biodiversity , including land conservation and preservation .  norton already is advocate for many causes .  oscar-nominated actor 's films include `` american history x , '' `` primal fear .
 chinese tennis fans tracking li na 's french open progress <sec> defending champion li na reaches the fourth round of the french open .  fans in her native china can watch her progress at special exhibition in beijing .  the 30-year-old has become one of the world 's highest-paid female athletes .  she is joined in the last 16 at roland garros by world no . .  2 maria sharapov .
 want to live in the world 's happiest place ? move here <sec> australia named the world 's happiest industrialized nation , according to the oecd .  survey takes into account satisfaction , work-life balance , income and housin .
 the accidental lake : birdwatcher 's oasis or ecological disaster ? <sec> a lake has emerged amid the sand dunes in the united arab emirates .  it is a result of recycled waste water dumped from the uae 's water management system .  it attracts a wide variety of wildlife , delighting birdwatchers .  but desert ecologists consider the lake an environmental disaste .
 apparently this matters : sweatpants at work <sec> betabrand is a crowd-funded clothing company online .  dress pant sweatpants are made to look professional , but feel comfy .  among their other products is a line of clothing described as `` vagisoft .
 'the cat is no more ' : online fury after airport feline fatality <sec> preeti varma books to fly pet cat from new delhi to singapore .  the cat , named james dean , escapes from cage and is hit by trolley .  airline staff inform varma , `` the cat is no more , '' and confiscate her gin .  friend posts open letter demanding apology from jet airways online which goes vira .
 running free : sebastien foucan - the bond villain who lived another day <sec> sebastien foucan is one of the most successful free runners in the world .  he moved from parkour to free running after becoming disillusioned .  frenchman appeared in james bond movie and toured with madonna .  he has his own academy in london where he shares his skills and expertis .
 catholic faithful face church closures <sec> parish closures hit catholic communities across the northeast and upper midwest .  diocese of cleveland is most recent one to announce sweeping changes .  parishioners worry about the inner-city poor that rely on church outreach .  `` this is n't what jesus would do , '' says a nun-turned-activis .
 six competitions for snow addicts <sec> winter weather should n't keep you from competing out of doors .  one canadian dog sled race is available to novices and experienced competitors alike .  this tobogganing is more than sliding down your driveway on a cardboard bo .
 southern california fire burns 1,000 acres <sec> the white fire covers 1,000 acres and is 5 % contained .  up to 6,000 people were evacuated from a popular camping area .  the wildfire is moving away from homes and structures , authorities sa .
 `` total darkness , '' german ex-hostage says of captivity <sec> `` i did not know whether i would survive , '' german citizen robert nitsch eberhard says .  `` you see nobody around you , '' he says .  boko haram said last year that it was holding a german citize .
 report : indictments in last year 's tiananmen square attack <sec> there are long-festering grievances among the uyghur people .  the tinanmen incident occurred on october 28 .  there has been a crackdown against terror in xinjian .
 infrastructure limits ability to move aid in haiti <sec> capital 's airport , country 's roads and ports were devastated by last week 's earthquake .  haiti 's crumpled infrastructure chief obstacle to fresh supplies as well as food and water .  some equipment and other materials coming into haiti by road from dominican republic .  officials looking into the possibility of opening an airstrip at haitian city of jacme .
 brazilian cameraman killed in drug raid gun battle <sec> a brazilian cameraman died while filming a gun battle between police and alleged drug dealers .  police launched a massive operation in a slum in rio de janeiro .  cpj : there 's been an increase in violence against journalists in brazi .
 the future of war : far-out battle tech <sec> u.s. defense advanced research projects agency funds tech research .  current projects include a robot ostrich , a flying car and a helicopter/plane hybrid .  nano air vehicle program has built a tiny flying `` robot hummingbird '' .  falcon htv-2 plane has already flown at 13,000 miles per hou .
 merciless marquez back to winning ways <sec> repsol honda 's marc marquez back to winning ways at silverstone .  marquez started on pole , but jorge lorenzo took an early lead .  motogp leader marquez made a fearless pass three laps from the finish .  spaniard had finished fourth in brno , ending his perfect record in 201 .
 alleged mumbai attacker seeks pakistani help <sec> alleged surviving attacker from mumbai terror attacks seeks pakistani help .  mohammed ajmal amir kasab writes letter to pakistan 's high commission .  india officials say kasab has admitted he and other attackers were pakistan .
 analysis : brown 's win changes political narrative for 2010 <sec> analysis : many democrats now realize public is n't particularly happy with their stewardship .  wind is now at the republicans ' backs , and they may be able to put brakes on health bill .  scott brown 's win gives gop another case study in how to run successful campaign .  for president obama , loss will likely force him to reconsider his legislative prioritie .
 how edward lee elmore escaped south carolina 's death row <sec> edward lee elmore was sentenced to death for a murder he says he did n't commit .  lawyers : law enforcement planted evidence and manipulated facts to convict him .  federal appeals court blamed `` extreme malfunctions '' in the justice system .  to win his freedom , elmore pleaded guilty to murder while maintaining innocenc .
 rescued men , children reunited with families in pakistan <sec> captive boys and men were rescued from an islamic religious school in pakistan .  they were reunited with their families this week .  the facility was a school and drug rehab clinic .  authorities say they 're searching for the owners ; three others arrested at the facilit .
 palestinian officials : israeli forces kill two militants <sec> israeli forces say they saw suspects planting explosives .  a militant group says two of its fighters were kille .
 cardinal apologizes for child abuse 'failures ' <sec> cardinal sean brady apologizes for his role in 1975 abuse investigation .  brady : church leaders must take responsibility for abuse cover-ups .  catholic church hit by hundreds of abuse allegations this yea .
 michigan police recover luggage of suspected serial stabber <sec> elias abuelazam remains in custody in atlanta , georgia .  authorities are working to transfer him to michigan .  he is linked to 18 stabbings in michigan , virginia and ohio , police sa .
 looking for transformation in myanmar <sec> two years ago , myanmar started unraveling decades of military rule .  president thein sein vows to free all political prisoners .  despite reforms , locals are not convinced of chang .
 rand paul , a civil liberties hero and civil rights villain <sec> van jones : rand paul deserves credit for his filibuster on drone policy issues .  jones says paul spoke out against excessive executive power and for civil liberties .  he says the kentucky senator is completely wrong on civil rights , abortion , entitlements .  jones : progressives can salute paul 's filibuster even as they disagree with his other view .
 hinckley hearing ends ; judge to rule later on expanded freedom <sec> `` you ca n't afford to go slow , '' john hinckley 's attorney tells the judge .  hinckley is seeking eventual permanent release in the town where his mother lives .  the government says it has not been shown he would not be a danger to others .  the judge tells the attorneys not to expect a decision before april or ma .
 thousands across the globe stage marches , protests on may day <sec> international workers ' day draws thousands of demonstrators annually .  truck torched ; atms , front of bank and car damaged in athens , greece .  more than 2.5 million people participated in may day celebrations in russia .  in the u.s. , several dozen cities braced for protests against arizona 's new immigration la .
 american history unfolds in 'assassin 's creed 3 ' <sec> `` assassin 's creed iii '' puts american history on center stage .  designers built a revolution-era america without changing the big picture .  creators consulted mohawk tribe for info on the game 's main character .  the game will be released october 30 in north americ .
 boston priest arrested on child porn charges <sec> new : andrew urbaniak is n't allowed to function as a priest ; he was arraigned wednesday .  the south boston priest is on administrative leave after his arrest .  police say detectives uncovered pornographic images of young girls on his computer .  urbaniak 's attorney could not be immediately reached for commen .
 japan says some tsunami reconstruction funds going to whaling <sec> greenpeace says money is being `` siphoned away '' from the disaster victims .  the government says the funds help support the recovery of a devastated whaling town .  officials : the deployment of guards with this year 's whaling fleet is the largest ye .
 the secret gay agenda <sec> lz granderson says everything the gay community wants is in the constitution .  civil rights for african-americans did n't come through popular vote , he says .  congress and the courts took the lead and popular opinion eventually moved , he says .  granderson : in 29 states , it 's still legal to fire someone because he or she is ga .
 riots , instability spread as food prices skyrocket <sec> rise in food prices is `` the world 's big story , '' development official warns .  world bank chief warns that rise in prices could set anti-poverty efforts back .  crisis also spurs debate on whether ethanol production is to blame .  riots have occurred in numerous countries recentl .
 fraternity kicks out chapter after new york 'hazing ' death <sec> pi delta psi `` revokes '' affiliation with baruch college chapter after student death .  chun `` michael '' deng fell and struck his head during `` glass ceiling '' ritual , affidavit says .  pi delta psi members tell authorities that deng was pushed , document says .  deng suffered severe brain trauma , tested negative for alcohol , document say .
 iranian diplomat leaves brazil amid sexual abuse allegations <sec> allegations were originally chalked up to cultural differences . .  the alleged sexual assaults took place at a swimming pool .  the children are ages 9-14 .  iran has been trying to strengthen relations in latin americ .
 lawyer knocks detained marine 's first defense attorneys <sec> attorney says sgt . .  andrew tahmooressi 's first defenders allowed his case to `` simmer '' .  fernando benitez : `` those first 96 hours '' in a mexican criminal case are crucial .  tahmooressi was detained in march by border officials for firearms in his possession .  `` i believe he was denied several basic human rights , '' benitez say .
 plane crash near french alps kills 5 <sec> everyone aboard died ; a man , his wife and their three children .  french-moroccan family was flying to morocco after holiday .  cause not immediately clea .
 top 10 web tools for editing digital pictures <sec> tech enthusiast chris pirillo suggests 10 free online digital photographry tools .  photographers today have more tools than ever to edit , organize and share images .  fotoflexer bills itself as `` the world 's most advanced online image editor '' .  cameroid lets you `` take crazy snaps with your webcam straight from your browser .
 hr manager beaten to death by angry workers <sec> roy george was vice-president for human resources at pricol auto-parts company .  police : four to five workers barged into his office and beat him with iron rods .  police have arrested nine people and are expected to round up mor .
 lord of the dance <sec> the greatest japanese dancer is known as `` teddy '' to friends and fans .  experienced a meteoric rise through the ranks at the royal ballet , london .  controversially left the covent garden stage to form his own compan .
 u.s. , japan ground dreamliners over fire risk <sec> new : japan orders that 787s remain out of service until battery safety is assured .  boeing says the company is confident that the planes are safe .  faa grounds dreamliners for battery fix .  the move follows an emergency landing in japan and another incident in bosto .
 leyritz describes going from helplessness to elation during dui trial <sec> jim leyritz describes his experience after tried for dui manslaughter .  the former baseball star says he was `` fighting for [ his ] three boys '' .  he is acquitted of one charge , convicted of a lesser charge .  leyritz could have faced 15 years in prison for killing a woman while driving drun .
