 scientists find signs of life australia dating back 3.48 billion years <sec> new : discovery shows life was fairly complex 3.48 billion years ago , scientist says .  scientists : structures found in australia featured `` a complex microbial ecosystem '' .  that makes it the oldest miss ever and `` one of the most ancient signs of life on earth '' .  scientists have been looking for such structures , as evidence of life , on mar .
 van bommel makes milan switch ; babel set for hoffenheim <sec> mark van bommel has signed for serie a leaders ac milan from bayern munich .  bayern have allowed van bommel to leave his contract early to move to the san siro .  liverpool 's ryan babel is set for a move to hoffenheim after the two club 's agreed a fe .
 somali pirates thwarted off kenyan coast <sec> the vessel mv beluga fortune was held captive for one day .  crew locked themselves in a panic room , shipping firm ceo says .  naval forces come to rescue as crew of 16 unharme .
 amy williams : ice queen swaps pain for rally thrills <sec> amy williams has swapped skeleton racing for rally driving .  the briton will co-driver at the final round of the world rally championship .  williams won britain 's first individual winter games gold medal at vancouver 2010 .  the 31-year-old has set her sights on sailing around the world in inflatable vesse .
 how do you squeeze 20 tons of tangerines into ukraine ? <sec> darijo srna donates tangerines to children of ukraine .  srna plays for shakhtar donetsk .  shakhtar currently forced to play its games away from donetsk .  srna says he misses playing in front of the team 's supporter .
 refugees in thailand convicted <sec> sixty-six rohingya refugees from myanmar fined by thai court .  they will be handed over to immigration police with 12 others .  rohingya refugees are at center of allegations of mistreatment by thai army .  photos obtained by cnn show army towing boatload of 190 refugees to se .
 writer who told family to 'euthanize ' autistic son may face charges <sec> a letter sent to an ontario woman 's house calls her grandson a `` nuisance '' .  it urges his family to do `` the right thing and move or euthanize him ! '' .  police say they are considering criminal charges against the letter writer .  but `` despite the hateful language , '' they say , the words do n't qualify as a hate crim .
 cell-phone ringtones can amuse , annoy <sec> ringtones are one way for people to showcase their personalities and feelings .  one third of cell-phone users download ringtones ; 40 percent change ringtones often .  virginia woman uses destiny 's child 's `` bugaboo '' as ringtone for dreaded callers .  utah man customized a pro-obama ringtone to annoy republican co-worker .
 sochi 2014 : snow fest or snooze ? 10 reasons to love the winter games <sec> the 2014 winter olympics takes place in the russian resort of sochi on 7-23 february .  there are 12 new events in sochi including the hip sport of slopestyle and ski halfpipe .  the winter games can be dangerous with 10-11 % of athletes picking up injuries .  russia has spent $ 50 billion , and rising , on the sochi game .
 darwin and the case for 'militant atheism ' <sec> darwin 's `` origin of species '' was published 150 years ago on november 24 .  in a ted talk , richard dawkins said evolution and religion are at odds .  he urges atheists to be forceful in making their case for science .  dawkins : `` religion teaches us to be satisfied with non-explanations .
 former egyptian vice president dies in u.s. hospital , officials say <sec> omar suleiman died of complications from amyloidosis , cleveland clinic says .  he was disqualified from a recent presidential election .  suleiman announced hosni mubarak 's resignation in february 201 .
 man released in dodger fan death <sec> the killing occurred wednesday night near the san francisco stadium .  the victim was wearing dodgers gear .  `` it 's just senseless , '' police chief said .
 new york to welcome 2011 with traditional ball-drop , big crowds <sec> since 1907 , a ball-drop in times square has marked the changing of the year .  this year , the ball will have lights that can mix to produce millions of colors .  more than a ton of confetti will be released at midnigh .
 does anti-poverty aid really work ? <sec> esther duflo : we do n't know if billions in aid to fight poverty actually worked .  she says scientific method can determine which policies work .  duflo received award as most accomplished american economist under the age of 4 .
 apparently this matters : twitter beauty party <sec> in `` apparently this matters , '' jarrett bellini tackles trending social-media topics .  this week , he crashes the cvs beauty club 's twitter party .  yes , that was really a thing .  you can join even if you 're not a juggalo -- or a hooke .
 what happens with an underground nuclear test ? <sec> a vast array of global sensors will detect any north korea nuclear detonation almost immediately .  key questions about the size of explosion and the number of bombs tested may never be known .  underground tests are used to help pyongyang perfect technology to deploy a working atom bomb .  tests `` increase the likelihood that pyongyang could fashion warheads to fit at least some of its missiles .
 american alan gross freed by cuba <sec> the obama administration announces landmark deal with cuba .  alan gross , arrested and held in cuba since 2009 , was freed wednesday .  improved relations between the u.s. and cuba will ease travel restrictions between the two countrie .
 alaska volcano 'fountaining ' with fire , spreading expansive ash cloud <sec> observatory : pavlof volcano `` continues to erupt , '' with `` fire fountaining '' at its summit .  a `` continuous '' cloud of ash , steam and gas extends 30 to 60 miles downwind .  alerts are in effect for that volcano and another on the aleutian range named clevelan .
 hleb rejects inter milan to rejoin stuttgart <sec> barcelona midfielder alexander hleb has turned down a switch to inter milan .  hleb had been expected to be part of the ibrahimovic and eto'o swap transfer .  however , he has chosen to rejoin former club stuttgart in a one-year loan dea .
 libya justice minister : 'release diplomats ' <sec> new : libyan minister calls for release of abducted egyptian diplomats .  new : minister salah al-marghani said the diplomats are guests of libya .  egyptian embassy in tripoli evacuated .  diplomats nabbed frida .
 rock and roll hall of famer bobby womack dies <sec> womack dies at 70 ; his publicist reveals no other details .  he said last year he 'd been diagnosed with early signs of alzheimer 's disease .  womack was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 2009 .  he married the widow of music partner sam cooke 4 months after cooke 's deat .
 faa to announce new rules for flying drones - cnnpolitics.com <sec> one major challenges is how to keep the small drones away from larger aircraft .  there have been some close calls where pilots of commercial planes came within feet of uav .
 singapore to deport foreign workers over riot <sec> singapore will repatriate south asian workers involved in a riot in the little india district .  another 28 people who attacked emergency crews and vehicles have been charged , police say .  authorities are investigating the traffic accident that sparked the rio .
 microsoft probes mass suicide threat at china plant <sec> new : 150 workers had protested at its wuhan factory on january 4 , foxconn reports .  new : 45 workers have since chosen to resign .  foxconn raised worker pay after a spate of suicides in 2010 , chinese media reported .  foxconn 's china factories make electronics for microsoft , apple and other brand .
 opinion : hong kong 's majority held hostage <sec> hong kong 's `` silent majority '' want protesters to go home , says robert chow .  1.5 million hong kongers signed a petition to demand peace and reject occupy central .  protests will hurt economy , businesses and stock market , he adds .  ordinary people do n't want to be unwilling pawns in a political gam .
 30 best cities to find a job <sec> bismarck , north dakota , registers lowest unemployment rate in sept. 2008 .  most of the lowest unemployment rates were found in west , midwest .  jobless rates were higher in 92 percent of u.s. cities surveyed this sept . .  only 25 areas reported lower rates while six areas had no chang .
 andrew dice clay roars back with woody allen film <sec> andrew dice clay is making a resurgence .  the comic has a serious role in the film `` blue jasmine '' .  director woody allen sought him out after seeing him on `` entourage .
 opinion : burying power lines not always the answer <sec> theodore kury : when bad weather hits , people ask : why not bury the power lines ? .  he says it appeals as way to prevent power outages , but difficulties include cost .  he says utility , regulators , government all must buy-in -- above-ground often easier .  kury : buried lines subject to flood damage and are hard to repai .
 u.n. chief : hunger kills 17,000 kids daily <sec> more than 1 billion hungry , u.n. official says at summit for world food security .  ban ki-moon : `` small-holder farmers are the heart and soul of ... poverty reduction '' .  some aid groups express skepticism about summit .  more than 60 leaders attend summit , but only one group of eight leade .
 four scenarios on iran nuclear program <sec> israel is considering military option because of iran 's nuclear aspirations .  frida ghitis : no one knows how the standoff over iran 's nuclear program will unfold .  she lists several possible scenarios about how tensions will play out .  ghitis : war may be avoided if iran believes an attack from the west is a real possibilit .
 greenspan book : gop 'swapped principle for power ' <sec> greenspan : bush deprived nation of checks , balances by failing to veto bills .  treasury secretaries not included in economic policymaking , greenspan alleges .  white house responds that its `` economic policy was right , as our records show '' .  ex-fed head : clinton either shared my views or he was `` cleverest chameleon .
 texas prosecutors wo n't stop rush to execution <sec> texas was set to execute man who wanted evidence tested for dna .  court stayed his execution monday over objection of prosecutors .  mark osler says prosecutors who try death penalty cases display certainty .  he says courts need to step in to make sure justice is being don .
 gaza : 'strive for peace and pursue it ' -- opinion <sec> yehiel grenimann is based in jerusalem and works with rabbis for human rights .  grenimann says hamas , tel aviv have repeatedly chosen conflict over real negotiations .  there is no prospect for peace if extremists in the government have their way , he says .  palestinians also need to reject the ways of hamas as haters of israel , grenimann say .
 djokovic , sharapova head wimbledon seedings <sec> champion novak djokovic is top men 's seed for wimbledon .  serbian is ahead of rafael nadal and roger federer .  fourth seed andy murray loses warmup match .  maria sharapova is top seed in women 's singles , with serena williams sixt .
 review : 'greenberg ' is small but special <sec> director noah baumbach is best known for `` the squid and the whale '' .  ben stiller 's character is neurotic narcissist who returns to los angeles to house-sit .  film involves ideas of what it is to be a person in the worl .
 bipartisan support for kevin spacey <sec> crowd at actor kevin spacey 's sold-out benefit concert includes members of congress .  the event raised over $ 700,000 for the actor 's foundatio .
 somalia government building attacked : 12 killed <sec> al-shabaab claims responsibility for the attack .  a car bomb explodes outside the front gate of the education ministry building in mogadishu .  assailants storm the building and engage in a gunbattle with guard .
 afghanistan says u.s. special forces may be behind torture , murder <sec> new : `` such actions have caused local public resentment and hatred , '' karzai 's office says .  an armed group is torturing and killing innocent people , afghanistan 's government says .  the group is `` named as '' u.s. special forces , according to the afghan president 's office .  the u.s. military says it is investigatin .
 two games in one in 'xcom : enemy unknown ' <sec> `` xcom : enemy unknown '' combines resource management and combat strategy .  turn-based game is from sid meier 's firaxis games .  designer says the elements felt lacking by themselves .  the game was released tuesday in north americ .
 is joan rivers the new betty white ? <sec> joan rivers has been working steadily since the 1950s .  `` a piece of work '' shows she is actually one of the funniest people in the business .  the delayed appreciation for her has to do with the contempt familiarity breed .
 death toll rises in russian nightclub inferno <sec> new : four of the suspects to be under arrest for two months , court rules sunday .  death toll from fire rises to 112 as more people die from their injuries .  russia observing day of mourning monday , according to presidential decree .  tragedy has shocked russians , reeling after last week 's fatal train derailmen .
 ex-commander 's testimony aids defense at oscar pistorius ' murder trial <sec> defense assails former officer 's credibility as he testifies against pistorius .  photos seen in court show cocked gun , bloodstains on bathroom floor .  police commander describes scene at pistorius ' home on the night reeva steenkamp died .  bloody photos flashed on courtroom monitors were too much for pistoriu .
 at least 10 dead in attack on somalia 's parliament building <sec> somali security minister resigns in wake of the attacks .  al-shabaab militants attacked building with explosives , weapons .  fighters blew themselves up ; building has been secured , police spokesman says .  somali prime minister calls attack `` cowardly , despicable .
 pentagon finalizing plan to bring back furloughed civilian workers <sec> pentagon may bring back up to 400,000 furloughed civilian employees .  cnn has learned a plan to do so is in the final stages of being approved .  the government shutdown began on tuesday due to a political impasse over funding .  new : lawyers weigh how broadly to interpret law ensuring troops will be paid during shutdow .
 golf : gb and ireland hold on for win <sec> great britain and ireland retain vivendi seve trophy in france .  continenental europe side fight back in fina day singles .  jean van de velde 's team win first five matches to draw level .  ian poulter sees off matteo manassero to claim crucial victory for his tea .
 opinion : help name this 'walking pinecone ' <sec> pangolins are thought to be the most-trafficked mammas in the world by number .  you can help name the pangolin in the photo , which is currently called p26 .  p26 is among the shyest of the shy pangolins ; he recently was released into a park in vietnam .  to submit a name , post it in the comments and up-vote your favorite .
 bowe bergdahl to meet with army investigator <sec> bergdahl and maj. gen. kenneth dahl have met once before , briefly .  many have called for investigation into bergdahl 's 2009 disappearance , five-year captivity .  bergdahl , 28 , is back on regular duty in san antonio , texa .
 deadly fighting in afghanistan claims more lives <sec> militants kill eight people and injure at least 17 in latest attacks .  insurgents killed a coalition soldier in eastern afghanistan .  soldier 's name and nationality held until family members could be notifie .
 lewis hamilton wins in china , frustrates nico rosberg <sec> lewis hamilton took victory for the silver arrows at the chinese grand prix .  nico rosberg claims hamilton ruined his race by driving slowl .
 interpreting the chinese dream <sec> chinese president xi jinping says the country must pursue the chinese dream .  question remains , what is the chinese dream and is it attainable ? .  beijingers tell us they dream of buying a house , to work closer to home and have medical care .  xi 's dream is about keeping the economy growing to bring more wealth to citizen .
 is isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi 's bling timepiece a rolex or an 'islamic watch ? ' <sec> abu-bakr baghdadi was purportedly filmed giving a sermon at a mosque in northern iraq last week .  observers claimed on social media that the arab warlord was wearing an expensive western watch .  others now claim he is wearing an `` islamic watch '' that sets prayer reminders and has a quran bookmark function .  an employee at al-fajr , the saudi-based watchmaker , tells cnn that al-baghdadi 's watch `` appears to be one of ours .
 michael jackson is facebook 's most popular <sec> michael jackson is most popular person on facebook with nearly 7 million fans .  previously , u.s. president obama had the most fans .  experts say jackson 's fan base gaining more than 20 fans per secon .
 atf acting director may resign over fast and furious program <sec> new : chicago atf field office head set to meet with attorney general about job , sources say .  the sources say the atf acting director 's resignation could occur in the coming days .  the atf operation allowed illegal gun purchases .  some weapons ended up reportedly in the hands of mexican cartel .
 luis suarez signs new deal at title-chasing liverpool <sec> luis suarez signs new deal at english premier league liverpool .  uruguayan international on four-and-half-year contract until 2018 .  has scored 17 goals in 11 epl starts this season .  speculation about his future intensified during last transfer windo .
 u.n. : children beheaded as violence grows in central african republic <sec> internally displaced number exceeds 935,000 , u.n. says .  u.n. reports escalating violence against children .  thousands of children recruited into armed groups .  number of child soldiers in the nation has doubled to 6,000 , u.n. say .
 france warns citizens about uk travel <sec> french warning : british authorities believe an attack is likely .  u.s. , others have warned about travel in europe because of terror threats .  u.s. warning based on intelligence from a german-afghan in u.s. custody .  this week has seen arrests and suspected drone strikes against terror suspect .
 iraq contractor bans cell phones for 'safety and security ' <sec> defense contractor kbr inc. tells workers to turn in personal phones .  source says order applies to kbr employees in iraq , afghanistan , kuwait .  nature of security threat is not specified ; kbr says matter is being investigate .
 new sotomayor memoir reveals pain , joys of an 'extraordinary journey ' <sec> supreme court justice sonia sotomayor has a new memoir , `` my beloved world '' .  she is the first latina to sit on the high court .  the 58-year-old was named to the court in 2009 after 17 years as a federal judg .
 ancient roman soldiers ' bathhouse found in jerusalem <sec> the surprise discovery shows the ancient roman encampment was bigger than thought .  it includes tiles stamped with the mark of the legion that destroyed the second temple .  archeaologists found a dog 's paw print .  the roman city helped determine the shape of jerusalem to the present da .
 lars vilks describes copenhagen cafe attack <sec> `` we were guarded by policemen with drawn guns , '' lars vilks says .  audience members scrambled for cover , he says , `` hiding in corners and under tables '' .  islam should be open to criticism , the swedish artist say .
 john 'rotten ' lydon : i 'm not a museum piece <sec> john lydon was lead singer of the sex pistols , before forming public image limited .  public image limited have released nine studio albums spanning 35 years .  lydon is accepting a bmi icon award , which recognizes his work with both bands .  he says he does n't want to play to johnny rotten wannabes , that individuality is a gif .
 postal service hits back at criticism of postmaster 's pay <sec> postal service 's board of governors defends postmaster general john potter 's pay .  total is less than that of some other independent government agencies ' ceos .  board : pay also behind private-sector ceos , though it 's supposed to be comparabl .
 14-year-old chinese swimmer takes gold at asian games <sec> hosts china continue to dominate asian games leading medals table with 37 golds .  14-year-old ye shi wen claims gold in the swimming in 400m medley .  india 's first gold comes from pankaj advani in the english billiard .
 police : gunman kills self after standoff in bank <sec> gunman took a dozen hostages in a suburban chicago bank friday .  police : suspect held knife to officer 's throat and demanded his gun .  suspect was found with a bullet wound to his head , officials sai .
