 kansas poll : orman opens up lead on roberts <sec> a new poll finds independent greg orman has a 10-point lead against republican pat roberts . .  the survey also gave democratic sen. kay hagan a four-point lead in the tight n.c. race . .  and in iowa , polling from the same group puts the iowa senate race at a dead heat .
 bishop bars patrick kennedy from communion over abortion <sec> patrick kennedy tells newspaper that bishop barred him from communion .  diocese confirms it , says ban came in a confidential pastoral discussion in 2007 .  bishop says he 's `` disappointed '' that kennedy made their conversation public .  kennedy fought ban on funding abortion , but voted for health care bill that included the ba .
 ex-texas justice of the peace charged with making 'terroristic threat ' <sec> new : authorities probing the prosecutors ' deaths search a storage facility , the fbi says .  2 kaufman county , texas , prosecutors were killed in incidents earlier this year .  an ex-county justice of the peace 's home was searched in connection with the case .  he is held on $ 3 million bond , but it 's not known if his arrest is tied to the prosecutors ' death .
 choke hold death leads police to review training method <sec> nypd commissioner orders review of training procedures after choke hold death .  re-training will specifically focus on use of force .  two emts , two paramedics suspended without pay , medical center official says .  officer arresting man grabbed him in a choke hold ; man died en route to hospita .
 kirk douglas turns 96 : last of the screen idols <sec> bob greene says kirk douglas is hollywood 's last remaining golden age idol .  in `` 20,000 leagues under the sea , '' he played a seafarer and sang a memorable song .  greene watched a tv version in which song was cut ; he called douglas , who was appalled .  greene : douglas turns 96 today , has come far from his early n.y. days as issur danielovitc .
 reactions to obama 's address on libya <sec> new : bill richardson : obama explained the purpose -- to avert a humanitarian disaster .  sen. john mccain : obama saying regime change wo n't be pursued militarily is `` puzzling '' .  cnn 's fareed zakaria : `` important '' speech explains u.s. military response is limited .  rudolph giuliani : `` the president 's speech tonight has made things even murkier .
 four stabbed in toronto office ; former employee suspected <sec> new : police identify suspect as 47-year-old chuang li .  `` this is a very difficult time , '' the company says .  the attack happened on the office building 's fifth floor .  one of the four people hospitalized suffered life-threatening wound .
 read the full text of pope benedict xvi 's final angelus blessing <sec> pope benedict xvi delivered his final angelus prayer and blessing sunday .  he will step down as pontiff on thursday , retire into a life of meditation and prayer .  benedict insists his departure from the papacy `` does not mean abandoning the church '' .  instead he says he will continue to serve `` in a way adapted to my age and my strength .
 sandy claims 'bounty ' off north carolina <sec> former owner ted turner says he 's `` deeply saddened '' by the bounty 's loss .  a deckhand 's body has been found and the captain is missing .  the coast guard says 14 rescued crew members are `` in good health '' .  the bounty was en route to st. petersburg , florida , when it sank in heavy sea .
 nordstrom : holding out against christmas <sec> nordstrom is continuing its tradition of closing on thanksgiving day .  macy 's , walmart , toys r us and others are beginning black friday sales on thursday .  kmart is opening at 6 a.m. on thanksgiving .  do the holidays start too early ? .  let us know in the comment .
 'gideon ' at 50 and the right to counsel : their words <sec> landmark supreme court case affirmed the right to a lawyer for criminal defendants .  clarence gideon was charged with breaking into a florida pool hall in 1961 .  he was denied an attorney , represented himself and was convicted at trial .  gideon was represented before the supreme court by future justice abe forta .
 protests are as mindless as anti-islam film <sec> salman shaikh : violent protests of anti-islam film have killed people and are pointless .  shaikh thinks the film , u.s. policy , iraq war have justifiably angered the mideast .  but protests bolster worst muslim stereotypes , he says , detract from issues like syria .  shaikh : anti-democracy elements behind protests ; arab leaders must denounce the .
 french ministers back draft bill on same-sex marriage <sec> the proposed bill would give same-sex couples new marriage and adoption rights .  french president francois hollande pledged new legislation while campaigning .  a survey suggests 65 % of people back same-sex marriage , but opinion is split on adoption .  cardinal andre vingt-trois says the catholic church in france is opposed to the la .
 world cup : late belgium goal sinks russia ; algeria wins thriller <sec> belgium defeats russia 1-0 in group h clash at maracana .  late goal from substitute divock origi settles affair .  algeria defeat south korea 4-2 in second group h fixture of day .  belgium through to last 16 while russia , algeria and south korea can all still qualif .
 karrubi publishes prison detainee 's rape account <sec> opposition leader mehdi karrubi claims post-election detainees have been abused .  karrubi went public with account from a detainee who says he was raped in prison .  government denies karrubi 's rape allegations , dismissing them as lies .  many iranians protested president mahmoud ahmadinejad 's june election wi .
 utah base open after missing nerve agent vial located , officials say <sec> new : the lockdown was prompted by an inventory discrepancy .  new : the missing vial was found about 5 a.m . .  et .  new : no one was ever in danger , authorities say .  the base is 85 miles southwest of salt lake cit .
 antipsychotic drugs linked to sudden cardiac death <sec> atypical antipsychotic drugs associated with higher risk of sudden cardiac death .  atypicals were thought to be safer than older , so-called `` typical '' antipsychotics .  three atypical antipsychotics are among the 10 top-selling drugs worldwide .  about 325,000 people in the u.s. die of sudden cardiac death each yea .
 an e-mail from haiti , then minutes later , a nightmare <sec> peggy bourland 's husband , u.s. air force maj. ken bourland , missing in haiti .  major sent wife an e-mail about 10 minutes before tuesday 's 7.0 earthquake .  earthquake leveled the hotel where bourland was staying .  wife hopes to get good news to share with their childre .
 epic brother battles : from the bible to the super bowl <sec> for the first time , two sibling coaches will face-off in a major sports matchup this sunday .  jim and john harbaugh have played down the notion of any rivalry .  brother-versus-brother is a common theme from the bible to network t .
 surgeon reveals massa suffered eye damage <sec> surgeon reveals felipe massa suffered eye damage in his crash on saturday .  professor robert veres confirms it is unclear whether massa will drive again .  the 28-year-old continues to show improvement after undergoing skull surgery .  the brazilian had a two-hour operation following high-speed crash on saturda .
 tunisian 'star wars ' town now features in isis battle <sec> tataouine , near `` star wars '' set , lies just 60 miles from the libyan border .  tunisian officials worry about the area because of its proximity to libya , and isi .
 opinion : court should n't rewrite law on gay marriage <sec> ryan anderson : some social scientists cite research to support same-sex marriage .  he says the studies do n't support that conclusion about same-sex parenting .  it will take a long time to answer the question rigorously , he says .  anderson : we do know that roles of father , mother are distinct and vita .
 canadian leader vows to fight planned ouster <sec> opposition parties seek to oust prime minister stephen harper 's government .  harper 's tories gained seats in canada 's october elections but fell short of majority .  liberal and new democratic parties join with bloc quebecois to try to unseat tories .  harper could buy time by asking governor general to suspend parliament till januar .
 police : ottawa gunman made video of himself <sec> michael zehaf-bibeau was `` driven by ideological and political motives '' .  he opened fire at canada 's national war memorial and parliament hill , killing one .  authorities are investigating whether anyone helped hi .
 egypt 's 'we miss you ' campaign targets gulf arabs <sec> tourism experts in egypt say revenues are down by nearly $ 2.5 billion as visitor numbers plummet .  egypt 's new `` we miss you '' campaign targets wealthy arabs from gulf nations .  the campaign has been launched in time for the eid holiday , marking end of muslim fasting month of ramadan .  traditional visitors from north america and europe not expected to return in their previous numbers for years to com .
 husband testifies his wife died after abortion was denied in ireland <sec> new : indian dentist was denied abortion for her miscarrying fetus , her widower says .  praveen halappanavar says he hopes the inquest will get to the truth of his wife 's death .  savita halappanavar died october 28 of blood poisoning , aged 31 .  the irish government is to introduce new abortion laws by the summe .
 u.n. on world refugee day : 50 million forced from homes <sec> u.n. registered 51.2 million as refugees , asylum seekers or internally displaced last year .  afghans , syrians and somalis make up more than half the total 16.7 million refugees .  `` we are seeing here the immense costs of not ending wars , '' says unhcr chief .  more than a million people have been displaced in iraq just this year by violenc .
 'scandal ' actor columbus short arrested after restaurant brawl <sec> actor columbus short is accused of punching and knocking out a restaurant patron .  he faces a felony battery charge .  he was released on $ 50,000 bail after authorities arrested hi .
 security guard arrested in theft of lakers championship rings <sec> the suspect was arrested outside a laker training facility .  the two rings were from the 2009 and 2010 seasons .  report : the gift cards were going to go to community group .
 what 's next ? chavez 's death leaves many questions <sec> chavez 's death leaves many unanswered questions .  chavez was the leader of venezuela for 14 years .  former vice president nicolás maduro will take over as president until an electio .
 chinese billionaire atletico madrid <sec> chinese billionaire takes 20 % stake in atletico madrid .  wang jianlin pays $ 52m through his company wanda group .  trend of asian businesses investing in football .  wang wants to pave way for young chinese players to play in la lig .
 sporting goods chain suspends sale of certain semi-automatic after shooting <sec> it is unclear how long the suspension will last .  firearms were not sold to adam lanza , the store say .
 personalized ipad magazine zite learns as you read <sec> zite can learn your reading habits and personalize content based on your interests .  `` it 's a combination of semantic- and statistically based machine learning , '' says ceo ali davar .  flipboard and pulse require users to manually provide source .
 commentary : ron silver , an extraordinary friend <sec> ed rollins : ron silver was a liberal democrat , but impossible to narrowly define .  he says silver was passionate and knowledgeable about current events .  he says silver faced a backlash in hollywood because he supported bush on war .  silver 's work lit up broadway , television and films , rollins say .
 privacy vs. security : justices to debate jail strip searches <sec> albert florence , mistakenly arrested for an unpaid traffic fine , was strip-searched .  he has filed suit again burlington county , new jersey , for his `` six-day nightmare '' .  both inmates and police are hoping the supreme court will offer clarity on the issu .
 'toughest sheriff ' takes act to small screen <sec> maricopa co. , arizona , sheriff joe arpaio now has own tv show .  arpaio proud of sometimes unorthodox methods , has been criticized for them .  show , `` smile : you 're under arrest , '' gets people with outstanding warrant .
 olympic rowing : briton grainger ends long wait for gold <sec> katherine grainger wins first gold after claiming silver in previous three olympics .  eric murray and hamish bond power to victory in men 's pairs for new zealand .  fellow kiwi mahe drysdale clinches gold in men 's single sculls .  germany ease to victory in men 's quadruple sculls from croatia and australi .
 newborn inspires mom to lose 71 pounds <sec> veronica noone is an ireporter and weight loss success story .  she has lost about 70 pounds and kept most of it off for four years .  she says her newborn son inspired her to make healthy eating choices .  this strategy , instead of a strict diet , caused the weight loss , she say .
 fact check : did obama say he wants 'daylight ' between u.s. , israel ? <sec> a report says obama told jewish leaders the risks of `` no daylight '' between u.s. , israel .  romney cites that remark , and claims `` great strains '' between obama and netanyahu .  context of obama 's comments is unclear , and he never said `` daylight '' was his goa .
 weather hampers travel for east coast <sec> laguardia airport had a five-hour delay at one point .  more than 4,600 flights were delayed tuesday , according to one website .  a resident of new jersey said lightning was all around her home .  an ireporter was caught in a quick deluge that flooded street .
 navy police shoot one sailor in gut after chase at san diego base <sec> a navy sailor had surgery and is stable at a hospital after being shot in the abdomen .  after being stopped , the sailor drove onto the base and hit two cruisers , a spokesman says .  a passenger in the car , who was not injured , is in navy police custody .  the spokesman says the car was stopped on strong suspicions of drunken drivin .
 on the queen 's jubilee , thank ike , too <sec> bob greene : all eyes on england for jubilee , upcoming olympics , but recall another anniversary .  june 1942 , dwight eisenhower took command in europe ; it would soon be the end for hitler .  greene says ike made personal sacrifices for service , went on to help allies to victory .  greene : as `` god save the queen '' rings out this month , take moment to bless eisenhower , to .
 supreme court considers whether to let parts of health care law stand <sec> the supreme court ends its three days of hearings on health care reform .  cnn 's legal analyst says he thinks the justices will reject the individual mandate .  wednesday 's key question : must the law be scrapped if one part of it is invalidated ? .  the white house says it believes the health care law will be uphel .
 vladimir putin : popular but polarizing figure in russia <sec> vladimir putin has dominated russian politics for more than a decade .  with more than two-thirds of the count in , he is expected to win the election .  he makes frequent television appearances and enjoys strong youth suppor .
 what key senate race means for 2016 <sec> kay hagan is slightly ahead in most polls going into next month 's elections .  hagan 's strength could provide democrats a playbook for winning north carolina in 2016 .  hillary clinton will campaign with hagan on saturda .
 yes , kourtney kardashian is pregnant <sec> a third child is on the way for kourtney kardashian and her partner .  rumors about the pregnancy have circulated for weeks .  kardashian revealed the news after ninth season summer premiere of her e ! .  reality sho .
 cynde strand : 'we knew it was coming , and we survived ' <sec> camerawoman cynde strand had spent night after night in tiananmen square .  as troops arrived , she `` got everybody together and said , okay , this is it '' .  `` bullets were whizzing overhead ... then they turned the lights off '' .  she and soundman kit swartz stayed in the square for the entire historic nigh .
 cnn student news - september 30 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 klitschko ready for wbc heavyweight defense <sec> ukrainian vitali klitschko puts his wbc heavyweight belt on line on saturday .  kiltschko , who has only lost twice in his career , faces cristobal arreola in la .  unbeaten arreola trying to become first fighter of mexican descent to win titl .
 lewandowski late show breaks arsenal hearts <sec> polish striker scores 82nd minute winner in champions league group f match .  goal sees borussia dortmund go level on points with both arsenal and napoli .  barcelona stay top of group h after a 1-1 draw with milan at san siro .  atletico madrid maintain 100 % record with 3-0 against fk austria wie .
 arizona law meant to provoke government action <sec> michael hethmon says arizona law meant to create sustainable immigration reform .  he says 1965 law set nation on an unintended course of out-of-control immigration .  interest groups , federal gridlock led states like california to make own laws , he says .  hethmon : arizona law will spur other states to take on immigration on their ow .
 spanish fishing boat repels pirate attack <sec> spanish fishing boat repels attack by suspected pirates in indian ocean off african coast .  private security company aboard fishing vessel returned fire and thwarted attack .  pirates have captured more than 50 ships this year off somalia and are currently holding 1 .
 receipt profanity angers dad who took young son to sports bar <sec> restaurant made exception on father 's day for man to bring in child .  boy ordered one chicken leg , dad had soda and chicken dinner .  waitress says profanity was just a joke , was meant to be deleted .  father called manager , was offered apolog .
 what 's behind karachi airport attack ? <sec> 28 people died in an attack on karachi 's jinnah international airport , pakistan 's military says .  tehreek-i-taliban pakistan ( ttp ) says the attack was revenge for the killing of its leader .  ttp leader hakimullah mehsud was killed in a u.s. drone strike in november 2013 .  imtiaz gul says the ttp appears to be trying to hurt pakistan 's economic interests , isolate i .
 taliban seek return to peace deal in pakistan <sec> pakistani taliban says it wants to return to peace deal that recently collapsed .  spokesman says they want return to sharia law in return for peace .  fighting has seen more than 2.4 million people register as displaced person .
 limit infants ' use of bisphenol-a products , fda says <sec> bisphenol-a , known as bpa , is found in many products including baby bottles .  fda stops short of saying there is a definite health risk from the chemical .  industry says fda goes to far ; consumer groups say bpa should be banne .
 pentagon 9/11 memorial honors victims in symbols , concrete <sec> pentagon unveils 9/11 memorial to honor the 184 victims killed there .  benches are laid out in a pattern according to the year each victim was born .  son visits site with dad to honor his mom : `` i 'm very impressed '' .  watch 9/11 memorials in new york and washington on cnn.com liv .
 nyc five-week school bus strike ending , 150,000 students will ride again <sec> the strike was the first by school bus drivers in new york city since 1979 .  some 150,000 students were affected by the five-week walkou .
 tunisian artist graffitis minaret , fights intolerance <sec> el seed painted tallest minaret in tunisia with passage from quran that tackles intolerance .  artist 's work combines arabic calligraphy and street art to form his distinctive `` calligraffiti '' .  says he was reacting to clashes between hardline islamist salafists and artists .  street art has boomed in tunisia since the revolution , says el see .
 nra breaks silence after shootings , may now offer 'meaningful contributions ' <sec> nra , largely quiet on cases of gun violence , gives a statement on the newtown shooting .  national rifle association is regrouping as a major push in favor of gun control forms .  nra is likely working more behind the scenes than in the public , author says .  group plans to hold `` a major news conference '' on frida .
 new sars-like virus is a 'threat to the entire world ' <sec> new : `` these are alarm bells , '' said world health organization director-general .  new : the who dubs the virus mers-cov .  patient with novel coronavirus dies of organ failure , french hospital reports .  half of those diagnosed with the virus have died , experts sa .
 opinion : putin 's orwellian theft of crimea <sec> frida ghitis : putin 's talk of `` democracy '' is double-speak and unfounded lies .  ghitis : the 96 % vote to join russia is far from an accurate reflection of the popular will .  ghitis : putin 's warnings about threats to ethic russians hint at an expanded invasion .  she says u.s. , europe must unite to convince putin the costs of invasion are dea .
 new immigration rule helps undocumented families <sec> new rule can reduces time u.s. citizens are separated from undocumented relatives .  `` i used to have nightmares about lucio and i separating . .  i would n't know what to do without him '' .  national asian pacific american women 's forum applauds obama administration .  `` this is clearly a step in the right direction but a lot more work needs to be done .
 what 's with those mysterious masks ? the dark drama of venice carnival <sec> the carnival of venice attracts around three million visitors every year .  the best masked costume contest features wacky clothes and haute couture .  venetian mask makers charge hundreds of euros for their most lavish creation .
