 dad pays daughter $ 200 to quit facebook <sec> boston dad is paying his daughter $ 200 to quit facebook for five months .  `` facebook deactivation agreement '' was signed by paul baier , 14-year-old rachel .  baier posted the agreement on his blog tuesda .
 serena survives scare to earn clash with record breaking shvedova <sec> serena williams taken to three sets by zheng jie .  four-time champion will next face yaroslav shvedova .  shvedova took every point in first set in beating sara errani .  defending champion petra kvitova eases throug .
 nick kyrgios , teen who beat nadal , crashes out in qf <sec> 19 year-old stuns rafael nadal in wimbledon matchup .  teen `` never thought '' he 'd make the quarterfinals .  nick kyrgios tipped for greatness , inviting comparisons with boris becker .  update : teen 's run comes to an end against qf opponent milos raonic in four set .
 obama peace prize win polarizes web <sec> twitter , facebook users react to obama 's peace prize win .  opinion largely divided but most wonder if it prize came too soon .  others state they believe the president does not deserve the award .  news of the award was half of all trending topics on microblogging site twitte .
 9 tech innovations we 're thankful have n't caught on <sec> thankfully , there have been a few new tech ideas that have yet to find an audience .  tech writers : it 's a good thing that google 's project glass is n't off the ground .  web ceo : we 're not ready for a siri that actually work .
 nadal battles past hewitt at roland garros <sec> rafael nadal eases into last 16 of french open with straight sets win over lleyton hewitt .  third seed novak djokovic also through after win over victor hanescu .  andy roddick and david ferrer make third round exits in pari .
 ravens ' ray rice : 'my actions were inexcusable ' <sec> ray rice will miss first two games of the season .  there was widespread outcry over punishment .  he entered a pretrial intervention program in may .  rice : violence , especially man on woman , is unacceptabl .
 n.y. state official among 3 killed during powerful storms <sec> a tornado touched down in montrose , pennsylvania , on thursday , forecasters said .  `` trees were bending sideways , '' a man in new jersey says .  the national weather service reports possible tornado touchdowns in the northeas .
 2016 republicans slam cuba announcement <sec> obama move opens 2016 row over cuba .  bush , rubio strongly oppose cuba easing .  clinton changed position and now opposes embarg .
 gored expert to run with bulls again <sec> author and running with bulls expert bill hillman was gored during run in pamplona , spain , in july .  hillman blames 'first timers ' or 'inexperienced guys ' for his mishap .  now walking with a cane , he recently attended a bull-running event in san sebastian de los reyes , near madrid .  hillman says he plans to run with bulls in the future , possibly next summe .
 flu has sole u.s. surgical mask producer scrambling <sec> `` everyone knows who we are now , '' company 's executive vice president says .  texas manufacturer will produce masks 24 hours a day because of swine flu .  company executive worries pandemic would create u.s. surgical mask shortage .  `` if there 's a pandemic , america wo n't be able to supply its own needs , '' he say .
 blasts , fireballs , quake-like rumbles rocked california town <sec> at first , residents thought blast was a quake or a plane crash .  they heard the fire 's roar and felt its intense heat .  the fire left 15 acres of san bruno looking like a war zon .
 atrocity of texas killing a mentally ill man ( opinion ) <sec> ron powers : on wednesday , mentally ill murderer to be executed in texas .  he says scott panetti hospitalized 14 times ; medical system , then courts , failed him .  he says schizophrenia not a choice and points out it 's genetic . .  powers : execution gains us nothing ; we must confront america 's failing on mental illnes .
 investigators get voice , data recorders from jetblue flight <sec> investigators are looking into the apparent midair meltdown of flight 's captain .  data and voice recorders given to ntsb .  federal regulations : recorders must tape conversations on planes made since 1991 .  the co-pilot 's mother says he would not consider himself a her .
 fuel prices in iran rise as latest subsidy reforms begin <sec> the country plans to remove all subsidies in five years .  the price of gasoline goes up four-folds .  iran has trillions of dollars in natural resources but still struggles , experts say .  the changes aim to dampen domestic demand for fuel and oil , and bolster overall revenue .
 maryland governor to sign same-sex marriage bill <sec> when the bill is signed , maryland will be the eighth state to allow same-sex marriage .  washington gov . .  chris gregoire signed a law legalizing the unions earlier this month .  new jersey lawmakers approved same-sex marriage this month , but gov . .  chris christie vetoed the legislation .  neither side in the same-sex marriage debate is declaring victor .
 what really matters to women in this election <sec> kirsten swinth : time to go beyond catchphrases `` war on women '' and `` having it all '' .  women 's votes are crucial for both candidates , she says , but they need to talk about jobs .  swinth : women bring home all or a share of household income and family is top concern .  she says pay equity , sick leave and workplace flexibility are priorities in the real worl .
 more u.s. consumers buying android phones than iphones , blackberrys <sec> new data from nielsen shows that slightly more people are buying android phones .  android holds 29 % of the us smartphone market .  iphone and blackberry hold 27 % of the marke .
 obama , cameron to go to basketball game <sec> there will be two games played in ohio on tuesday , tipping off the ncaa tournament .  the two leaders will conduct a joint interview at halftime of the first game .  obama also launched an ncaa bracket challenge on his campaign websit .
 israel : 3 indicted in palestinian teen 's death <sec> prosecutors : adult , two minors retaliated for june deaths of three israeli teens .  mohammed abu khdeir , 16 , was killed `` only because he was an arab , '' prosecutors say .  abu khdeir was beaten and set on fire , authorities sa .
 barge collision spills oil into the mississippi <sec> new : less than 10,000 gallons of crude oil have spilled , officials say .  two barges collided on the mississippi river early friday .  no one was injure .
 michigan governor looks to electric cars <sec> gov . .  jennifer granholm says auto industry 's future is electric .  university of michigan expert agrees big three need to move to electric cars .  public opinion on energy conservation is pushing the move , expert say .
 witness : 7 dead in fight over food in somalia <sec> several others were wounded , the witness says .  the incident reportedly occurred friday morning .  a u.n. official says 600,000 children may die .  the red cross is asking donors for $ 87 million more for somali .
 nba player lamar odom arrested on dui charge <sec> police : odom was driving in a `` serpentine manner at 50 mph '' .  he `` was unable to perform his field sobriety tests '' .  odom is a 14-year nba veteran and husband of khloe kardashia .
 family of girl who accidentally killed instructor with uzi is 'devastated ' <sec> charles vacca was shot in the head as he showed the girl how to shoot .  `` words can not express the family 's sadness , '' attorney says .  the shooting occurred at a gun range in arizona that caters to tourist .
 kim jong il 's body to lie in state in same palace as father 's <sec> north korea plans to erect a statue of kim jong il and build towers across the country .  his body will lie in state in the pyongyang palace that houses the corpse of kim il sung .  kim jong il 's death , announced last month , has put the region on edge .  the regime says his birthday will now be known as `` the day of the shining star .
 vendor who alerted police to times square car bomb to run for congress <sec> duane jackson wants to represent new york 's 19th district in congress .  his goal is to establish bipartisan solutions to the country 's problems , he says .  faisal shahzad pleaded guilty to the attempted car bomb attac .
 myanmar movie star buries the dead <sec> award-winning burmese actor gave up films to operate free funeral services .  kyaw thu was considered a heartthrob in the 1980s and 1990s .  he formed free funeral service society after hearing the story of a woman abandoned in hospital .  society now provides ambulance , hospital , disaster relief and education service .
 nicki minaj road crew member killed <sec> de'von pickett and eric parker got into an argument with several other men outside a bar , police say .  pickett has been pronounced dead , and parker is in critical condition .  police are offering a $ 20,000 reward for the arrest and conviction of the stabber , station report .
 nifong held in criminal contempt by judge , sentenced to day in jail <sec> the former district attorney must report to jail september 7 .  a disciplinary committee disbarred nifong in june for handling of duke case .  three lacrosse players initially were accused of raping a woman during a party .  all charges against the players were dropped in apri .
 campus officer kills naked freshman at south alabama <sec> the university of south alabama says the student was acting erratically .  the school says the student charged the officer , who drew his gun .  18-year-old gilbert thomas collar was killed in the saturday shootin .
 veteran new wave filmmaker seduces french starlet sagnier <sec> french starlet ludivine sagnier stars in `` the girl cut in two '' .  it tells the story of a young woman who embarks on an affair with an older man .  it was directed by prolific french new wave veteran claude chabrol .  sagnier on chabrol : `` he is a great french director , one of the pioneers .
 iguala , mexico , ex-mayor sought in mass disappearance <sec> 43 students intending to protest in iguala vanished on september 26 .  police say former mayor and his wife are responsible for the disappearance .  activist priest says the students were shot , bodies burne .
 u.s. airman accused of attacking japanese teen after breaking into home <sec> `` it 's an understatement to say i 'm very upset , '' u.s. ambassador says .  a u.s. airman is alleged to have broken into an apartment and hit a 13-year-old boy .  the alleged attack is `` outrageous , '' the japanese foreign minister says .  two u.s. sailors were arrested last month over accusations they raped a local woma .
 family of missing s.c. lobbyist pleads for help <sec> new : missing man man blacked out prior to a car accident about a year ago .  tom sponseller , 61 , is head of the south carolina hospitality association .  he was last seen on saturday at his office .  investigators have found his car , no signs of a struggl .
 sainz extends dakar rally advantage <sec> carlos sainz is closing on his first dakar rally car title after extending his lead with victory on tuesday 's 10th stage in the south american event . .  spaniard wins tuesday 's 10th stage in the south american event to be 10 minutes ahead .  second-placed nasser al-attiyah of qatar loses one minute 40 seconds , finishing fourth .  wednesday 's 11th leg sees the 14-stage race leave chile and return to argentin .
 spanish nurse 's aide is ebola-free in third test <sec> teresa romero ramos , a spanish nurse 's aide , is considered free of ebola virus .  two previous tests showed only a `` background '' level of ebola .  she will still remain hospitalized for days or week .
 black leader to bill clinton : 'chill ' on obama <sec> bill clinton increasingly attacking barack obama on campaign trail .  obama says former president is distorting his record .  rep. jim clyburn says bill clinton should tone down rhetoric on behalf of wife .  south carolina democrats hold crucial primary saturda .
 saudi arabia urged not to paralyze man as retribution punishment <sec> amnesty international asks saudi court not to carry out the retribution .  the organization says such a punishment would amount to `` nothing less than torture '' .  the victim was paralyzed after being stabbed in the bac .
 dave barry on parenting , bieber and why boys are 'scum ' <sec> dave barry : `` just stay away from my daughter , justin bieber '' .  barry , author of more than 30 books , has a new book on parenting .  barry : `` i 'm a male , and i know we 're scum . .  we 're all scum .
 cancun delegates reach climate change deal <sec> new : u.s. president barack obama praises conclusion of the cancun climate conference .  bolivia claims rich nations `` bullied '' other countries into accepting the deal .  the un 's chief negotiator says the deal `` reignited '' hope in talks .  the agreement includes plans for a fund to help developing nation .
 van der sloot charged with murder <sec> new : van der sloot has been told to appear at a hearing on the case september 12 .  an attorney for van der sloot says he was expecting the charges .  van der sloot was arrested in june of last year .  he was officially charged on thursday with murder and thef .
 opinion : the bravest man i know <sec> michael bass : dad does n't talk much about aspects of his world war ii experience .  milton bass volunteered for the army , won a silver star for gallantry in france .  he helped rescue soldiers from a minefield and liberate a concentration camp .  michael bass : in light of d-day anniversary and father 's day , i call him a her .
 what the costa concordia will leave behind <sec> foreign workers descended on giglio , italy after the costa concordia crashed there in 2012 .  their arrival transformed the language , culinary scene and nightlife on the tiny tuscan island .  islanders are trying to come to terms with what life will be like when the foreign crews leav .
 southwest jet hit runway nose first , investigators say <sec> boeing 737 's nose gear collapsed on landing in new york .  plane skidded down runway before coming to a stop ; passengers evacuated down slides .  several people hurt in incident involving largest domestic airline .  national transportation safety board investigating ; southwes .
 review : 'happy feet two ' <sec> `` happy feet two '' brings a sense of fun that 's more `` finding nemo '' than national geographic .  brad pitt and matt damon join in as teensy crustaceans will and bill the krill .  robin williams is back too , in the dual birdy roles of ramon and lovelac .
 one dead as plane crashes at thai airport <sec> officials : plane skidded and then crashed after landing at koh samui airport .  bangkok airways atr-72 turboprop carrying 68 people , four crew members .  air traffic control warned the pilot of volatile winds before the plane lande .
 11 essential tastes of cyprus <sec> cypriot cooking blends flavors from greece , venice , turkey and the middle east .  but fast food joints far outnumber indigenous eateries in the resorts .  you can find the real deal in the hill villages -- a meze meal provides up to 20 little dishes to tr .
 china 's bargain-hunters join forces to net a deal <sec> chinese shopping use internet to organize shopping trips for bargains .  use online social networking to form groups and arrange mass purchases .  retailers find them effective way to market goods where word of mouth important .  online group buying has been harder to bring to western marke .
 a journey through south africa 's stunning zulu kingdom <sec> south africa 's former zulu kingdom offers history , culture , wildlife .  the south coast offers divers the chance to interact with spectacular marine life .  visitors can take in safaris , zulu ceremonies and untamed landscape .
 38 dead as typhoon rammasun hits philippines <sec> new : government agency confirms 38 dead , 8 missing .  typhoon rammasun weakens into a category 1 storm .  relief agencies express concern about flooding , landslides .  as many as 350,000 people were evacuated from their home .
 paraguay book last eight berth after penalty drama <sec> paraguay beat japan to book a place in the last eight of the world cup .  south american side won 5-3 on penalties after a goalless game .  japan 's yuichi komano missed the crucial penalty .  paraguay will now face either spain or portugal in quarterfina .
 743 pounds of marijuana found in septic tank truck , arizona police say <sec> police stopped truck on interstate , about 35 miles south of tucson , arizona .  that much pot would be worth more than $ 400,000 on the street , police say .  i-19 , which runs directly into mexico , is a major thoroughfare for drug and human trafficking .  drug cartels will `` go to any length to conceal their product , '' police spokesman say .
 south provides global appeal for foreign auto makers <sec> almost every foreign auto plant that 's opened since the '90s is in the south .  south 's population is growing much faster than the midwest .  south provides manufacturing workforce .  no foreign auto assembly plants are unionize .
 mayor apologizes for wording in tamir rice case <sec> tamir rice 's mother : `` they never even gave him a chance '' .  a lawyer for tamir rice 's family says the mayor 's apology does n't go far enough .  12-year-old rice was shot dead by police in november while playing with a pellet gu .
 katherine jackson resumes guardianship of michael jackson 's children <sec> diana ross visits michael jackson 's kids and approves guardianship plan , lawyer says .  pop star 's mother was suspended as guardian because she was out of communication .  judge restored her as permanent guardian during hearing thursday .  the children 's cousin t.j. jackson is named co-guardia .
 juventus leaves celtic 's champions league dream in tatters <sec> juventus claims 3-0 win at celtic in first leg of last-16 tie .  italian champion now in pole position to qualify for quarterfinal .  zlatan ibrahimovic sent off in paris saint-germain 's 2-1 win at valencia .  ibrahimovic will miss the second leg on march .
 why police body cameras would work ( opinion ) <sec> mark o'mara : people act better when they know they 're being watched .  o'mara : grand jury in garner case saw more than just the video .  he says police officers have taken on one of most dangerous jobs in societ .
 outgoing mexican president defends legacy in wake of drug war <sec> mexican president felipe calderon gives a farewell message .  he thanks mexicans for understanding the `` difficult decisions '' he had to make .  protesters in the country 's capital criticize his `` six-year term of death '' .  calderon , whose presidency ends this week , will head to harvar .
 'knight rider , ' 'battlestar ' creator glen larson dies <sec> prolific tv producer glen a. larson has died at 77 .  larson was responsible for many hits and cult classics from the 1980s .  he created `` knight rider , '' `` battlestar galactica '' and `` magnum , p.i . .
 fbi : orlando airport suspect planned to build bomb <sec> new : kevin brown was honorably discharged from the army .  brown admitted he planned to build a bomb after he landed , court documents say .  fbi : brown was arrested for carrying a weapon or explosives onto a plane .  brown tried to board flight at orlando airport tuesda .
 queen marks 60th anniversary of her coronation <sec> members of the royal family join a service to celebrate 60 years since the coronation .  the queen acceded to the throne in 1952 , but her formal coronation took place in 1953 .  prince william and his pregnant wife catherine are among the guest .
 2 wyoming men facing murder charges in killings of 3 in one family <sec> three members of a wyoming family were shot and killed saturday morning .  two teenage suspects were in court tuesday and were denied bail on murder charges .  an affidavit quotes one of the suspects saying the killings happened during a car thef .
 england soccer player terry testifies he was angered by racial abuse claim <sec> new : john terry says he was angry because he thought ferdinand had called him a racist .  ferdinand says he did not hear terry 's alleged racist abuse , but would have been hurt .  terry , one of england 's biggest stars , faces a potential fine of about $ 3,900 if convicted .  english soccer officials are trying to stamp racism out of the spor .
