 edward dolman profile <sec> dolman was specialist in furniture department of south kensington for 10 years .  in 1996 he was made managing director of christie 's amsterdam .  developed five-year business plan with christie 's international management grou .
 finally , obama goes all in on recess appointments <sec> president obama filled several key posts through recess appointments .  roland martin says he had to act because republicans were stalling his nominees .  he says democrats also were wrong in obstructing appointments by george w. bush .  martin says obama 's new tough approach is long overdu .
 apple unveils lighter ipad air <sec> apple announced a new ipad , named the ipad air .  full-sized model is lighter , thinner ; it weighs only 1 pound .  the new ipad mini has high-resolution retina display .  microsoft , nokia also launched new tablets on tuesda .
 study : leaving abuse can be lengthy , risky process <sec> authors say leaving abuse can be a confusing process , complex at every step .  process includes denial , contemplation , preparation , action and maintenance .  `` not all women are ready to leave , '' says co-author jennifer hardest .
 federer beats djokovic to reach shanghai final <sec> roger federer defeats novak djokovic in shanghai masters semifinal .  djokovic was unbeaten in 28 matches on chinese soil coming into match .  federer will face giles simon of france in sunday 's final .  murray and ferrer take on extra tournaments in bid to reach atp world tour final .
 ivory coast and ghana battle for afcon glory <sec> ivory coast and ghana meet in africa cup of nations final .  ghana last won title in 1982 , ivory coast in 1992 .  ghana beat hosts equatorial guinea in semifinals .  ivory coast starts as marginal favorit .
 chantal fizzles into tropical wave <sec> new : chantal has degenerated into a tropical wave .  new : jamaica and cuba could see rains , winds .  some spots could get as much as 6 inches of rain .  chantal now has top sustained winds of 45 mp .
 focusing on fukushima 's beauty <sec> to most people , scenes of fukushima evoke death and destruction .  two photographers are determined to offer artistic alternativ .
 sources : feds scrambling to find additional air marshals <sec> president obama wants more air marshals on flights .  effort comes after botched airline terrorist attack .  official : hundreds of additional marshals could be `` loaned '' from other agencies .  some immigration agents have been previously trained to be air marshals in emergencie .
 figuring out real-world etiquette for google glass <sec> early google glass wearers are figuring out the etiquette of a face-mounted screen .  many owners are constantly fielding excited or paranoid questions from strangers .  the flickering screen and constant head-touching can be distracting during conversations .  some people have started pushing their google glass onto their head when talkin .
 prospects for mideast peace deal fading <sec> kerry had high hopes of deal in announcing talks nine months ago .  he has made more than a dozen trips to the region to facilitate negotiations .  he had been optimistic , but now he sounds resigned with deadline for progress fast approaching .  kerry says the u.s. will now evaluate what 's `` possible and what is not possible .
 tropical storm forms as oil spill battle continues <sec> new : tropical storm alex forms in the caribbean .  new : not clear whether storm could hit part of gulf affected by oil spill .  new : justice department goes to appeals court to keep moratorium on drillin .
 the death of a race course ? funding cuts take toll <sec> half of ontario 's race tracks could close when government pulls funding scheme .  feeling the pinch is 115-year-old fort erie race track in ontario , canada .  british racing starts finding new revenue sources to offset fall in betting money .  future of horse racing may lie in marketing to family friendly audienc .
 ed mcmahon dies at 86 <sec> mcmahon 's biggest fame came alongside johnny carson on `` the tonight show '' .  mcmahon hosted `` star search '' and `` tv 's bloopers and practical jokes '' .  mcmahon had suffered several health problems in recent year .
 al arabiya network airs tape of confessed times square bomber <sec> arabic-language tv network shows what it says is a tape of faisal shahzad .  speaker says the times square strike would be a `` revenge attack '' .  jihad is extolled in the tape , which mourns militant martyrs .  the authenticity of the tape could not immediately be verifie .
 ex-microsoft exec , 3 others feared dead in connecticut crash <sec> new : between four and six people are believed dead , ntsb says .  ex-microsoft executive was aboard the plane , a family member says .  two children , ages 1 and 13 , are believed to have been in the house .  it was not immediately known if anyone was in the plane along with the pilo .
 protesters descend on bangkok seeking government 's ouster <sec> officials expect up to 60,000 at the anti-government rally .  protesters are seeking to replace the embattled caretaker government .  political tensions are high after the ouster of yingluck shinawatra as pm wednesday .  analysts fear a resumption of political violenc .
 the art of noise in sport : how the cowbell came of age <sec> cowbells represent a defiant clanging in a world of corporate glitz .  world cup skiing season brings with it sound of bells on slopes of europe and north america .  noise has become part of global entertainment industry that is 21st century sport .  it grew from alpine traditions where farmers would take bells along for winter ski racin .
 body proves bigfoot no myth , hunters say <sec> north georgia men say they 've found a den of bigfoot creatures .  they say they 'll reveal details of one bigfoot on friday in california .  the body of the furry half man-half ape is 7 feet , 7 inches tall , they say .  men wo n't reveal bigfoot den 's location because they do n't want others disturbe .
 police knock down bynes sex harassment claim <sec> civilian witness says no one touched the actress `` inappropriately , '' nypd says .  bynes had a squeaky-clean teen image .  the actress sloughs off cops ' account , says she had no po .
 cold front forecast , but blistering heat lingers in several states <sec> 10 heat-related deaths are reported in maryland alone .  an indiana father is arrested after his baby , who was left in a car , dies .  there were 322,000 power outages throughout the area saturday evening .  a cold front should make temperatures bearable by monda .
 opinion : why did justice on incarceration take so long ? <sec> tavis smiley : i 'm underwhelmed at holder 's decision to avert mandatory minimum sentences .  what took so long ? .  such sentences have been a disaster from the beginning , he says .  he says tough-on-crime laws made incarceration jump 800 % ; blacks , hispanics bore brunt .  smiley : why is u.s. no longer willing to do this ? .  not morals , sadly -- it just got too expensiv .
 nsa leaker edward snowden 's father visits moscow <sec> edward snowden has job offers in russia and has a girlfriend there , lawyer says .  snowden 's father says he wants to get on with his life but stresses that he loves his son .  snowden fled the u.s. after leaking information about nsa spy programs .  he received asylum in russia after being holed up at a moscow airport for week .
 ahead for 2013 : tea party , gay marriage , guns <sec> tim stanley : there are a few reasonable political predictions that can be made for 2013 .  for one thing , he says , the 2016 election will start early ; biden already dropping hints .  he says gun control and gay marriage will be big issues in coming months .  he says the tea party will rise again , and we will all realize we miss newt gingric .
 marine in texas shootings also killed wife , police say <sec> marine in texas shooting spree also killed his wife , police say .  rubi smith 's body was found in a north carolina motel room .  texas authorities killed esteban smith sunday after he killed one person , wounded five .  police found two weapons , hundreds of rounds of ammunition in his truc .
 hitchcock knocks welles off top of 'greatest film ' poll <sec> alfred hitchcock 's `` vertigo '' named greatest film in once-in-a-decade poll of film critics .  hitchcock knocks orson welles ' `` citizen kane '' off top of list for first time in 50 years .  `` tokyo story , '' `` 2001 : a space odyssey '' and `` the searchers '' among top picks .  three silent films , including murnau 's `` sunrise '' ( 1927 ) also included in top 1 .
 trinity broadcasting network co-founder dies <sec> paul crouch dies at 79 .  he was a familiar face on trinity broadcasting network .  he worked in radio and tv for nearly 60 year .
 it 's australia day as favorite wins epsom derby for aidan o'brien treble <sec> favorite australia wins the epsom derby , the blue riband of english racing .  victory means trainer aidan o'brien wins the race three times in a row .  australia is bred by lord derby , whose family the historic raced is named after .  kingston hill finishes second with romsdal thir .
 coastal plant thought extinct for 65 years discovered , put on endangered list <sec> the franciscan manzanita is a flowering shrub found only on san francisco peninsula .  it has been believed extinct since 1947 .  a highway construction project removes trees covering the plant ; passing biologist notices it .  the plant and its 11-ton root ball are relocated ; feds put shrub on endangered lis .
 'human chandelier ' falls : 9 performers in r.i. circus accident <sec> `` this clearly was n't ( part of the show ) , '' a witness in providence says .  sunday performances by ringling bros. and barnum & bailey circus were canceled .  circus website touts the safety of the hair-hang act `` each and every time .
 want black votes , gop ? listen to black voters <sec> roland martin : gop national committee 's priebus dodges appearing on martin shows .  he says gop leaders in general avoid interacting with blacks ; they lose black votes this way .  he says gop leaders seem to think blacks do n't have same concerns as all americans .  martin : one area where gop , minority voters might share goals : sentencing refor .
 opinion : in train wrecks , a push for safety <sec> tom zoellner : oil freighter went off rails in north dakota ; fireball made arresting media image .  americans have a perverse , folkloric fascination with wrecks in song and story .  he says deaths and media coverage have helped make wrecks spur reform .  zoellner : let 's hope north dakota crash spurs higher safety in rail transport of oi .
 the sun , the moon and the titanic <sec> a study by astronomers says the moon 's position may have had a role in titanic sinking .  meg urry : an unusual lineup of the earth , sun , moon in january 1912 would have boosted tide .  she says higher tides could have floated icebergs into the route of the oceanliner .  urry : if theory is true , there should be evidence of extreme high tid .
 opinion : obama 's embrace of hollywood <sec> timothy stanley : if obama is a disappointment , hollywood is partly to blame .  stanley : obama used to challenge or snub the celebrity liberal elite .  he says it 's ironic that obama needs their help now , for money and for image .  stanley : hollywood might still imagine him to be a superhero , but there 's realit .
 your money blueprint for 2011 <sec> if you or your child will be attending college , submit your fafsa form asap .  if you need a new car , august is the time to shop .  stash your credit cards and live within your means all 31 days of decembe .
 don henley sues senate candidate over song use <sec> don henley files lawsuit against republican running for senate seat .  henley claims charles devore used his songs without permission .  devore is running against california sen. barbara boxe .
 new york lawmaker to urge obama to help fix police radio woes <sec> radios so faulty some officers use cell phones to communicate , state senator says .  `` the officer carries a radio on his belt but he might as well be wearing a brick '' .  the state senator will also send the letter to all members of congres .
 inter hit with uefa racism fine <sec> inter milan fined $ 58,500 for its fans ' racist abuse against tottenham 's emmanuel adebayor .  inter won the game 4-1 but went out on away goals during contest last month .  benfica hit with 41,600 fine for crowd incidents against bordeaux .  both clubs have the chance to appeal against the verdict .
 china 's thirst for wine boosts european producers <sec> european exporters looking to new markets like china to boost sales .  eu exports to outside eu rose 12.7 % in 2011 , with china seeing the biggest increase .  some believe economic crisis could boost growth in wine secto .
 nato tackles isis , ukraine , afghanistan <sec> nato chief : `` time is short '' for a deal on international forces in afghanistan .  ukrainian president : nato countries have offered `` strong , enormous support '' .  british leader says `` we do n't rule anything out '' when it comes to going after isis .  cameron : now `` a crucial time ( for ) alliance '' due to `` many dangerous and evolving threats .
 public option : treatment worse than the disease <sec> miron : government should not subsidize health insurance .  public health insurance will increase costs and reduce quality , he says .  providing everyone with health insurance rewards unhealthy behavior , miron says .  miron : give the poor health insurance vouchers instead of public insuranc .
 nigeria 's first olympic canoeist bids for london glory <sec> johny akinyemi , 23 , is nigeria 's first olympic canoeist .  born and raised in britain , akinyemi changed his olympic allegiance five years ago .  he is the winner of the 2012 african slalom championships .  `` if i won a medal it would mean everything , '' he says ahead of the london game .
 zach johnson wins bmw championship title <sec> zach johnson won the $ 1.44 million top prize at the bmw open .  johnson fired a final round 65 to finish on 16-under ahead of nick watney .  overnight leader jim furyk finished third following poor final round .  johnson can win fedex cup prize of $ 10 million with victory at tour championshi .
 texas billionaire stanford arrested in u.s . <sec> texas billionaire allen stanford is taken into custody on a fraud-related charge .  stanford 's attorney says his client surrendered to agents .  forbes magazine names stanford the 205th richest american in 200 .
 u.s. & others offer iran nuclear negotiations <sec> new : the u.s. and its allies offer to resume negotiations over iran 's nuclear program .  new : eu foreign policy chief makes offer on behalf of the u.s. and several other countries .  iaea inspectors want to see parchin military base about potential nuclear-related testing .  israel and the united states vow not to let iran get a nuclear weapo .
 tulsa sex attacks suspect dies after crash <sec> desmond campbell was in critical condition , unresponsive after june 29 wreck .  authorities say he was fleeing an alleged sexual assault .  campbell is suspected in at least eight attacks in tulsa in jun .
 former general sworn in as guatemala 's president <sec> retired gen. otto perez molina pledges to take a tough stand on crime .  `` today , there is an air of hope , '' he says .  security issues loomed large during last year 's campaig .
 senators block consideration of wiretap bill <sec> democratic sens . .  russ feingold , chris dodd lead filibuster against bill .  they urge their peers to reconsider the legislation over the july 4 recess .  measure is expected to pass with a large margin and support of obama , mccain .  house voted last week to overhaul 1978 legislatio .
 special delivery : snakes , spiders found in parcel <sec> customs officials in australia find pythons and tarantulas in package .  the parcel had been sent from the united states .  the creatures were later killed because they posed a quarantine ris .
 bishops do n't speak for most catholics on contraception <sec> keith soko : catholic bishops say obama contraception coverage issue wars with conscience .  but theologians disagree , and vast majority of catholic women use contraception , he says .  he says bishops must respect role of conscience in catholics who choose contraception .  soko : should bishops speak for all catholics on a public policy on which most disagree with them .
 new tvs driven by software and streaming , not pixels <sec> major tv companies are unveiling their big , ultra high-definition tvs at ces .  in addition to 4k and oled , new tvs are adding social and second-screen features .  new features are aimed at people who watch tv on multiple screens .  they are targeting people who stream content onlin .
 spanish golf legend severiano ballesteros dies <sec> `` seve was a superhero '' for young golfers .  ballesteros was diagnosed with a brain tumor in 2008 .  he won a record 50 tournaments on the european tour .  he helped beat the u.s. in the 1985 ryder cup to begin two decades of dominance in gol .
 u.s. visa rules explained <sec> new rules require visa-free visitors to the u.s. to register details before departure .  the process could take 72 hours but last-minute applications are possible .  the system , introduced this month , will become compulsory next january .  once authorized , travelers can travel for up to two years or until their passport expire .
 jennifer garner : violet and seraphina 's baby name choices 'definitely disney ' <sec> `` it was like , donald duck , minnie mouse affleck , '' jennifer garner said .  `` then it was peter pan , captain hook , smee , '' she said .  garner knows the sex of the baby , but declined to reveal it on the sho .
 cat mapping : how to keep tabs on your tabby <sec> pet owner dave evans wanted to work out why his cat yollo was putting on weight .  evans has developed the `` g-paws '' device to track his pet .  `` g-paws '' does n't give live data -- so no real-time stalkin .
 clemson limits fraternities after death <sec> all social and new member activities halted on the south carolina campus .  complaints range from `` alcohol related medical emergencies to sexual misconduct '' .  19-year-old sophomore dies after going for a run with his fraternit .
 tiger woods pulls out of at & t ; national <sec> tiger woods pulls out of this weekend 's at & t national tournament with an elbow injury .  the world no . .  1 wants to be recovered for the forthcoming british open .  woods ' decision means he will not defend the title he won in 2012 .  the 2013 british open begins at muirfield on july 1 .
 timbuktu : mali 's treasure at risk from armed uprising <sec> in medieval times , timbuktu , in present-day mali , was an important intellectual center .  known for its great mosques and trove of manuscripts , the city has world-heritage status .  islamist and tuareg rebels have occupied the city in recent weeks .  unesco fears the important site could be destroyed or looted by rebel .
 target to open 27 new stores <sec> retailer 's new stores to open in 16 states .  new locations to employ more than 4,300 .  target in january announced headquarters job cuts , reduction of expansion plan .
 mh17 tributes in moscow : 'forgive us ' <sec> nearly two-thirds of those who died in the malaysia airlines crash in ukraine were dutch .  in moscow , people have been leaving flowers and toys outside the dutch embassy .  many of the messages include the phrase `` forgive me , '' cnn 's diana magnay says .  one muscovite told her that russia 's connections with rebels meant it was involve .
 twitter 's jack dorsey eyes new york mayor 's job <sec> twitter co-founder jack dorsey says he wants to move to new york someday , run for mayor .  dorsey lives in san francisco and also is ceo of square , the mobile-payments company .  dorsey was the subject of a `` 60 minutes '' profile on sunda .
 china 's hu arrives in hong kong for handover anniversary <sec> hong kong has prospered since britain handed it over to china in 1997 .  however , some hong kongers are concerned about beijing 's intentions .  president hu jintao arrives in the territory at the start of a three-day visit .  he will mark the handover 's anniversary but also be the focus of protest .
 'fault in our stars ' author : oops , i did n't write that quote <sec> best-selling author john green confesses he did n't write a quote widely attributed to him .  green was selling posters based on the quote .  green 's `` the fault in our stars '' was adapted into a hit movie in 201 .
 train delays between new york , philly drag into afternoon <sec> new : new jersey transit started trenton train service again in the late morning .  train signal problems continued throughout the morning , extending northeast corridor delays .  a signal failure early wednesday caused delays between new york and philadelphia .  the issues were affecting both amtrak and new jersey transit train .
