 autism and vaccine study results questioned <sec> journal removes study published on alleged link between vaccines and autism .  paper taken down `` because of serious concerns about validity of its conclusions '' .  study author says he re-analyzed data used in 2004 cdc stud .
 south carolina father held in deaths of five children <sec> children 's father is held in alabama , awaiting extradition .  the remains were discovered in wilcox county , alabama .  few details are immediately available about how the children died .  their parents were divorced and they shared custody of the childre .
 jordan : radical cleric abu qatada denies terror charges <sec> legal sources : abu qatada appears in court , denies the charges against him .  he was convicted of two counts of conspiracy to cause explosions .  britain had been trying to deport abu qatada since 2005 .  videos of his sermons were found in an apartment used by some involved in 9/11 attack .
 obama greets military troops , families on christmas <sec> president-elect barack obama mingles with troops in hawaii on christmas day .  obama praised country 's military men and women in online message .  obama calls on americans to `` renew a sense of common purpose .
 royal wedding explainer : schedule of events <sec> royal wedding explainer : the essentials for kate middleton and prince william 's nuptials .  everything from ceremony times around the world to a who 's who of the wedding party .  need-to-know guide regularly updated with the latest news from the royal famil .
 cnn/cir rehab fraud investigation spurs lawmakers into action <sec> california department of health care services announces temporary suspension of 13 more clinics .  lawmaker sets hearing to examine disclosures of fraud in drug medi-cal program .  yearlong investigation by cir and cnn found fraud and poor oversight in california program .  attorney for several clinics : `` these people have done nothing wrong .
 patient from antarctica flown to new zealand for treatment <sec> a person from antarctic research station is being treated at a new zealand hospital .  the patient has not been publicly identified , nor has a condition been released .  a rescue plan landed on an ice runway at mcmurdo station .  the station is the hub of the u.s. antarctic progra .
 russia 's putin issues retaliatory ban on food imports <sec> new : sanctions are `` putting enormous pressure '' on russia 's economy , obama says .  president putin bans imports from countries that imposed sanctions on russia .  details of banned products still to be worked out .  russia gets 16 % of all its imports from the european unio .
 cia-funded weapons begin to reach syrian rebels - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rebel groups say they have yet to receive weapons .  official : `` that is something we are not going to dispute '' .  the weapons are not american-made but are funded and organized by the cia .  they started to reach rebels about two weeks ago , the official say .
 death of man dragged by police van sparks outrage in south africa <sec> video shows a man handcuffed to a police van and dragged .  investigators say he died hours later , apparently from head wounds .  south africa had more than 6,000 complaints of police crimes in a recent 1-year period .  the country 's history of violence affects some police , an analyst say .
 samsung share price drops on apple patent ruling <sec> new the share price of samsung electronics dropped nearly 7.5 % in trading monday .  comes after a california jury awarded apple $ 1.05 billion in a patent dispute with samsung .  the tumble erased about $ 12 billion from the south korean electronics giant 's market valu .
 factory life far from home leaves china 's migrant workers vulnerable <sec> china has more than 260 million migrant workers .  survey suggests many may suffer from mental health problems .  leaving behind children and elderly parents an emotional and financial burden .  better-educated and internet savvy , younger migrants suffer more than their elder .
 post-super bowl snow slows the trip home <sec> snow has forced hundreds of flight cancellations on monday , mostly in the northeast .  super bowl fans wanting to get home may be stuck for another day .  check with your airline for flexible flight waiver .
 roger federer 'is vulnerable ' at u.s. open , says nick bollettieri <sec> roger federer plays slovenia 's grega zemlja in his opening match monday .  he won u.s open five times in a row from 2004 , but is now ranked seventh .  nick bollettieri says his performances in new york and australia will dictate his future .  the 32-year-old faces a potential quarterfinal against in-form rival rafael nada .
 'twin peaks ' star set to return in series reboot <sec> kyle maclachlan is set to return in a `` twin peaks '' reboot .  the original 1990 series star will appear as dale cooper in 2016 on showtime .  the quirky cooper investigated the death of laura palme .
 passengers escape after plane ends up in ocean near bali <sec> new : lion air is banned from european airspace .  the domestic passenger flight landed in the water , indonesia officials say .  at least one person suffered injuries , a lion air spokesman says .  the plane , a boeing 737-800 , has only been in use since march , he say .
 blue angels dived into porn , homophobia and harassment , study says <sec> porn , homophobic jokes and dirty talk about women became common , navy review finds .  it says the team 's commander called for more porn postings in squadron scheduling service .  raunchy practices were viewed as a way of building trust among blue angels , the study says .  the navy reprimanded the commander and gave anti-harassment training to tea .
 djokovic beats isner in marathon as serbia reach last eight <sec> novak djokovic beats john isner in five-set marathon as serbia beat usa in davis cup tie .  serbia reach quarterfinals of the world group for the first time .  defending champions spain will play france in pick of the last eight tie .
 kurdish activists clash with police in istanbul <sec> the march began peacefully to celebrate world peace day .  some masked youths began throwing stones and petrol bombs .  tensions were raised by the death of a bdp member was killed sunda .
 pirates seize greek ship off seychelles <sec> 22 crew aboard greek-owned bulk carrier mv filitsa .  ship changed directions , now heading north european union naval force says .  more than 100 pirate attacks off east africa this yea .
 raped , pregnant and ordeal not over <sec> shauna prewitt had a baby conceived in a rape and faced another unexpected ordeal .  prewitt found the majority of states give parental rights to men who father through rape .  she became a lawyer to fight this practice and encourage states to make this illegal .  she says many women who are raped become pregnant and give birt .
 unclaimed lottery ticket worth $ 1 million is set to expire this sunday <sec> ticket was purchased at the playland market in rye on august 25 , 2012 .  winner may be too late to turn ticket in at lottery service centers .  but it can be mailed in if it is postmarked by august 2 .
 authorities to dig at old manson family ranch <sec> new : digging to begin this month at old manson family ranch .  detective , cadaver dog may have found five graves ; soil tests inconclusive .  scientists find evidence of possible remains at three of the same spots .  manson 's top lieutenant does n't believe anyone else was killed at hideou .
 warsaw ghetto fighter marek edelman hailed <sec> marek edelman was one of the leaders of the warsaw ghetto uprising .  both polish president lech kaczynski and prime minister donald tusk pay tribute .  edelman is thought to have been the last surviving commander of the uprising .  during early 1980s edelman was active with polish trade union movement , solidarit .
 memo : two al qaeda leaders waterboarded 266 times <sec> memo : khalid sheikh mohammed waterboarded 183 times in one month .  former cia officer said in 2007 that mohammed waterboarded for 30-35 seconds .  obama : memos released because methods were reported , are now banned .  cia 's ex-chief denounces decision to release memo .
 funeral held for american journalist killed in syria <sec> marie colvin , 56 , was killed last month during the shelling of homs , syria .  `` she was an outstanding reporter ... she covered a lot of wars , '' john witherow says .  the tamil people admire her reporting colvin during the sri lankan civil war , an official say .
 dna leads to suspect in 1970s los angeles serial killings <sec> police say john thomas jr. may have begun killing as far back as 1955 .  thomas arrested april 2 and is charged with killing two women .  72-year-old could be linked to dozens of other killings and assault .
 texas mother awaits sentence for gluing toddler daughter to wall , beating her <sec> a mother beat her 2-year-old daughter and glued her to the wall over potty training .  the mother , elizabeth escalona , pleaded guilty to first degree injury of a child in july .  a pediatrician says at the sentencing hearing `` the entire picture was very shocking '' .  prosecutors want escalona sentenced to 45 years in prison , a spokeswoman say .
 south korea expands iran sanctions <sec> finance ministry warns against investments in iran 's oil industry .  more than 100 additional firms and individuals are blacklisted .  russia and china have been reluctant to impose strong sanctions against iran .  iran says its nuclear program is peacefu .
 polls close in senegal 's presidential election <sec> new : an observer says sunday turnout seemed low .  a runoff will be held if a candidate does not win 50 % of the vote .  president abdoulaye wade is booed as he casts his ballot in dakar .  violence has erupted since a court allowed wade to be on the ballo .
 the best way to respect guns <sec> actor liam neeson criticizes gun culture in u.s. ; in response , gun advocates call for boycott of his movie .  philip cook and kristin goss : there 's actually a common sense approach to the gun issu .
 commentary : sexism sneaks in over open mic <sec> rendell says choice for homeland security good because she has `` no life '' .  brown : janet napolitano has many qualifications beyond having no family .  nobody would have said the same about a male candidate , brown says .  women deserve same treatment as men on work-life issues , she say .
 oklahoma approves backup execution method <sec> nitrogen gas causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen , oklahoma says .  the state 's executions are on hold while the u.s. supreme court reviews the state 's use of lethal injection .
 obama says he 's furious about oil spill but loves 'best job on earth ' <sec> president obama says he 's furious about the gulf oil spill , but his job is to fix it , not vent .  obama calls the crisis unprecedented , but says it could have been worse .  despite challenges , obama calls being president `` the best job on earth '' .  obama was interviewed by cnn 's larry king for the 25th anniversary of `` larry king live .
 school records for most twins reflect dramatic rise in multiple births <sec> connecticut high school ties the guinness world record for most sets of twins in a class .  numbers can be attributed to dramatic increases in the rate of multiple birth pregnancies .  multiple births have increased due to older age of mothers , increased use of infertility therapie .
 the egyptian man who was a woman <sec> sissa abu dahou recently was honored as one of egypt 's ideal mothers .  but for 43 years she has dressed as a man so she could work in the conservative country .  `` people talked but i said i decided to be a man so i can take care of my small daughter , '' says daho .
 apparently this matters : whale puke <sec> `` apparently this matters '' is cnn tech 's weekly offbeat look at social-media trends .  this week , jarrett breaks down a trending story about whale vomit .  it turns out , the stuff is used in perfume and is really valuable .  the finder wants to build an animal house . .  it may be like `` jersey shore .
 zlatan ibrahimovic : parisians take a bite out of psg star <sec> a paris cafe manager has dedicated a burger to zlatan ibrahimovic .  `` le zlatan '' weighs over one kilogram and contains a 600 gram burger .  it is the brainchild of avid paris saint-germain fan jean-philippe grandin .  ibrahimovic 's 30 league goals powered psg to the 2012-13 french titl .
 attorney general : mississippi may order nationwide manhunt <sec> the attorney general vows to catch the pardoned inmates .  haley barbour approved full pardons for nearly 200 people , including 14 convicted murderers .  a judge temporarily blocked the release of prisoners .  the attorney general believes barbour put people at ris .
 world cup : julio cesar : we must not fail <sec> julio cesar was brazil 's hero in penalty shootout win over chile .  saved two penalties as hosts reached last eight .  brazil faces colombia for place in semifinals friday .  cesar wary of colombia star james rodrigue .
 a primer on the new airport security procedures <sec> the new rules require passengers to go through a regular metal detector or a new ait machine .  if you set off the detector or machine -- or refuse to go through them -- you will get an `` enhanced '' pat-down .  the new advanced imaging technology machine is generally considered safe .  only 3 percent of the flying public will likely need an enhanced pat-dow .
 u.s. and iran : from sworn enemies to partners on iraq ? <sec> both iran , united states want to quell the isis militant surge in iraq .  secretary of state kerry suggests possible collaboration with iran .  the issue raises questions in congress .  working with iran might be a necessary evil , retired u.s. general say .
 mourning period in norway ends with remembrance service <sec> new : `` we will keep their memory alive , '' says norway 's king .  the ceremony comes a day after survivors of the island shooting return to the site for the first time .  a judge orders the suspect , anders breivik , to be held in isolation for four more weeks .  the twin attacks kill 77 people , many of them youth .  the suspect admits the attacks , but pleads not guilty in cour .
 congressman 's 'downton abbey ' office <sec> sally kohn : gop rep. aaron schock had his office decorated like `` downton abbey '' .  she says it 's the perfect metaphor for gop policies that have brought u.s. inequality historically worse than in the `` abbey '' er .
 report : lenient passport law enforcement heightens risk along border <sec> a homeland security department ig report looks at enforcement of a new passport law .  the study finds that many people get in the u.s. , by land , without required documents .  compliance rates are much higher along the canadian border than the mexican one .  the border patrol agency says its phased-in compliance effort is workin .
 darth car unveiled at comic-con <sec> hot wheels has a line of `` star wars '' cars coming out .  the darth car is based on a corvette .  only one life-size darth car has been mad .
 opinion : nuns ' obamacare challenge and the right <sec> sally kohn : suit on behalf of little sisters of the poor challenges contraception mandate .  she says nuns ' suit dovetails with unrelenting conservative opposition to obamacare .  she says obamacare exempts nuns from contraceptive coverage mandate ; why sue ? .  kohn : conservative lawyers for nuns have right-wing backers , using nuns to push agend .
 air force grounds f-15s in afghanistan after missouri crash <sec> f-15es can fly only in emergency situations to protect troops , official says .  f-15 models grounded after crash in missouri .  plane fell apart and the pilot ejected ; the crash cause is under investigation .  fighter , attack and bomber aircraft , and unmanned aerial vehicles will fill ga .
 derek and julianne hough to develop fictional ballroom dancing series <sec> `` dwts '' pros derek and julianne hough will executive-produce `` blackpool '' .  the scripted series will explore a darker side of ballroom dancing .  the siblings will also serve as head choreographers for the starz serie .
 woods wants to win 'crowning jewel of asian golf ' <sec> tiger woods , phil mickelson and martin kaymer can topple new golf no . .  1 lee westwood .  quartet lining up for wgc-hsbc champions tournament in china this week .  woods , whose 281-week reign was ended on sunday , seeking first shanghai title .  fellow american mickelson is the defending champion , having also won in 200 .
 lack of jail time for rapist draws ire <sec> austin clem was convicted of raping a minor .  but he was not sentenced to any jail time .  the victim has come forward to express her outrage .  the defense is considering appealing the convictio .
 inside kenya 's war with al shabaab <sec> kenyan forces have entered somalia with the aim of taking on al shabaab .  the aim is to liberate locals from the rule of al shabaab , an islamic militant group .  while kenyan forces have the firepower , al shabaab know the terrain .  commanders say they hope to strike across the line `` within a week .
 pair arrested in newark schoolyard slayings <sec> new : jose carranza , 28 , surrenders in schoolyard shootings case .  new : boy , 15 , taken into custody wednesday night .  college students forced to kneel against wall , shot in head .  slayings shocked newark , new jersey , where street violence is commo .
 u.s. finalizes $ 3.4 billion settlement with american indians <sec> thousands of american indians sued the government for financial mismanagement .  under the finalized settlement , $ 1.5 billion will be distributed among individuals .  another $ 1.9 billion will go toward buying some indians ' slivers of land .  obama says the settlement clears `` the way for reconciliation .
 ex-military chief gets life in turkish trial <sec> prosecutors say the suspects are part of a covert ultranationalist organization .  daughter of a convicted officer : `` this is a grave injustice '' .  critics say the trials are politically motivated and aimed at stifling opposition .  `` i am sad , i am disappointed for turkey , '' a lawyer say .
 ticket for driving in google glass dismissed <sec> charges dismissed for woman ticketed for wearing google glass while driving .  a judge rules there was not enough evidence to prove the device was on .  some states are pushing for laws that specifically ban the use of glass while driving .  officers in california can still ticket drivers for wearing google glas .
 riot police , fans clash after world cup celebration in argentina turns violent <sec> at least 120 people are arrested .  mobs vandalize shops and attack officers .  fans had gathered to celebrate argentina 's best performance since 199 .
 human error led to fatal train collision , spokeswoman says <sec> new : engineer failed to heed stop signal , metrolink spokeswoman says .  new : at least 25 killed , 135 others injured in head-on wreck , officials say .  new : search for bodies and survivors has finished , los angeles mayor says .  passenger and freight trains collided friday in chatswort .
 gop aides clash over michael steele <sec> steele 's prediction that gop would n't take back house infuriated gop strategists .  senate aide told rnc staffers to do better job controlling steele , source says .  rnc research director `` offered a hard defense of steele , '' source say .
 six americans missing after plane crashes off puerto rico <sec> new : three searches are planned for monday , according to coast guard .  coast guard found debris that might come from downed cessna .  rescue crews have yet to find americans despite seven searches .  the pilot and five passengers took off from the dominican republi .
 youth : straight , lbgt or 'other ' ? <sec> a survey shows youths are more likely to identify as lbgt .  the numbers may reflect a generational change in social acceptance , experts say .  some young people are bypassing traditional descriptors of sexualit .
 condit 's dna found on levy 's underwear <sec> new : prosecutors have recommended dropping 2 of the six charges against guandique .  ingmar guandique is accused of murdering levy while she was jogging .  former rep. gary condit 's semen was found on chandra levy 's underwear , fbi says .  condit has refused to state that he was having an affair with lev .
 nine trapped in south african gold mine after fire <sec> new : underground fire has been subdued , but conditions remain challenging , company says .  eight other miners rescued earlier are unharmed .  rescue operations continue at doornkop mine , west of johannesburg .  the fire is reported to have broken out more than a mile undergroun .
 using science to bring together enemies <sec> no diplomatic relationship exists between the u.s. and north korea , but scientists interact .  science diplomacy aims to build bridges and relationships using research and academics .  after rocket launch , sharing scientific information with north korea may seem questionabl .
