 celebrities take to the web , text and tweet for japan <sec> linkin park designs t-shirts to raise money for japan relief .  lady gaga offers a wristband .  text messages contribute $ 10 to the red cross and music for relief .  celebrity twitter accounts spread the messag .
 police : gym shooter 'had a lot of hatred ' for women , society <sec> new : police find gym schedule with class circled in gunman 's home .  new : notes , diary indicate gym shooter was targeting women in general .  gym member george sodini , 48 , talks about his hatred of women in note .  shooting at la fitness leaves three women and shooter dead , police sa .
 kremlin critic shot dead in southern russia <sec> magomed yevloyev arrested shortly after arriving in ingushetia .  yevloyev owned a web site critical of ingushetia government .  site 's deputy editor : yevloyev dumped at side of road with gunshot wound to the head .  yevloyev had criticised police treatment of civilians in the regio .
 gustav blamed for 22 deaths as it batters caribbean <sec> photojournalist says two women were killed when mud , rock hit houses .  gustav kills 14 people in haiti , eight in dominican republic , officials say .  dominican man : `` i lost my entire family . .  they 're all dead there '' .  analysts say gustav fears are partially to blame for oil price increas .
 enhanced pat-downs necessary for now , tsa chief says <sec> air travelers upset over more rigorous screening , touching .  pistole says small number of travelers have to undergo enhanced pat-downs .  screening tries to balance public safety with personal comfort , pistole say .
 20 more can't-miss u.s. beaches <sec> a recent list of can't-miss beaches inspired plenty of reader suggestions .  this follow-up list was compiled based on reader submissions of their favorite beach getaways .  midwesterners , californians and floridians had multiple beaches to share .  there are more than 100,000 miles of coastline and shoreline in the united state .
 u.s. , russia snub cluster bomb ban <sec> united states , russia absent from signing of cluster bomb ban treaty signing .  u.s. , russia , china , israel are top four cluster bomb producers .  u.s. insists the devices are important part of its defense strateg .
 iran claims 2nd launch of monkey into space and back <sec> iran 's president says it has launched a monkey into space .  `` in total , this is the 2nd monkey sent into space , '' president hassan rouhani tweets .  iran said the other launch happened in januar .
 audio released of barge-tour boat collision <sec> coast guard releases audio communications made after barge-tour boat collision .  the captain of a tug boat says his vessel was responsible for capsizing the duck boat .  investigators are still looking into the collision 's circumstances .  two people were killed in the inciden .
 we need to rein in 'too big to fail ' banks <sec> senators : we still have banks that are `` too big to fail , '' threatening another crash .  senators want updated glass-steagall act to scale back huge financial institutions .  they say new act would separate traditional banks from riskier financial services .  senators : american taxpayers are still paying the price of saving `` too big to fail '' bank .
 teach u.s. kids to write computer code <sec> douglas rushkoff : it 's computer science education week , aimed at promoting digital literacy .  he says we live in digital age but computer science not priority in schools ; u.s. is lagging here .  he says digital literacy helps us see that kids are not facebook 's customers , but the product .  rushkoff : critically thinking about digital media environments is a liberal art , teaches about worl .
 supreme court accepts appeal over vaccine safety <sec> latest case involves liability claim , product design , drug safety questions .  suit brought by parents of girl who got dpt shots , had seizures , became disabled .  parents say drug company did n't adequately warn of risks associated with vaccine .  company , obama administration urged court to hear case ; oral arguments to take place in fal .
 the fastnet tragedy 30 years on <sec> the 1979 fastnet race ended in tragedy after a freak storm hit competitors .  in all 15 people died and the ex-british leader edward heath went missing for a time .  the disaster resulted in a raft of new safety rules introduced into the spor .
 rafael nadal back to world no.2 with cincinnati title triumph <sec> rafael nadal wins cincinnati masters title .  beats john isner in two tiebreak sets .  up to no.2 in world with latest triumph .  victoria azarenka beats serena williams in women 's fina .
 shell oil 's multibillion dollar arctic hoax <sec> travis nichols : shell oil spoof website creators criticized for not saying site was fake .  but , he writes , creators announced it was fake hours after it went up .  greenpeace , yes men wanted to point out unethical behavior of shell oil , he says .  nichols : shell is exploiting the arctic with dangerous drilling and trying to fool publi .
 transportation agency : obama will not pursue mileage tax <sec> mileage tax idea would use gps in cars to track drivers ' usage .  transportation secretary lahood calls it an idea `` we should look at '' .  transportation department says obama will not pursue the tax .  oregon carried out a pilot program and deemed it `` successful .
 syrian , russian officials to hold talks <sec> new : 23 people have been killed in syria on friday , activists say .  new : state-run sana says no casualties occurred .  the syrian vice president goes to moscow for talks .  russia has opposed sanctions on syria , and has proposed a new u.n. resolutio .
 pope francis tasks cardinals with studying reform of catholic church <sec> pope francis asks eight cardinals to look at ways to reform the catholic church .  vatican : the move follows suggestions made when cardinals met last month .  the group includes u.s. cardinal sean o'malley from boston .  the cardinals will hold their first meeting in october , the vatican sai .
 kelly clarkson purchase of jane austen ring hits snag <sec> jane austen was an english novelist who wrote in the early 1800s . .  she died in 1817 . .  her novels include `` pride and prejudice , '' `` emma '' and `` sense and sensibility '' .  last year , u.s. singer kelly clarkson bought a ring that had belonged to austen .  britain says the ring is of historic significance and should not be taken out of the countr .
 'gone girl ' edges out 'annabelle ' to top box office <sec> the dark drama `` gone girl '' opened at no . .  1 .  horror prequel `` annabelle '' came in at a close second .  `` guardians of the galaxy '' is still holding on in the top 1 .
 who are the next generation of chinese leaders ? <sec> china 's political system does not allow direct , open elections .  a total of 2,270 delegates elected to represent cpc 's 82 million members .  front-runner to succeed hu as party boss and chinese president is xi jinping .  personnel decisions are negotiated , finalized by party insider .
 in cancer drug battle , both sides appeal to ethics <sec> andrea sloan , 45 , has ovarian cancer .  she is seeking `` compassionate use '' of a new drug that 's not fda-approved .  sloan says she 's willing to accept the risk .
 champions league : <sec> european champions league last 16 began tuesday .  paris saint-germain holds chelsea 1-1 in french capital .  branislav ivanovic scores crucial away goal .  shakhtar donetsk finishes goalless at home to bayern munic .
 colorado 's most destructive fire nears containment <sec> the waldo canyon fire destroyed 346 homes .  it prompted the evacuation of neighborhoods near colorado springs .  two other major fires are fully contained .  the threat of fire remains hig .
 price , dickey win cy young awards <sec> tampa bay rays fireballer david price wins the american league cy young award .  new york mets knuckleballer r.a. dickey wins the national league cy young award .  2011 winners justin verlander and clayton kershaw come in second in their leagues .  annual pitching awards are voted on by the baseball writers ' association of americ .
 from hate to peace : lessons from a woman of kosovo <sec> fatmire feka lost her siblings in kosovo in 1999 and hated serbians for years .  a meeting with serbian and muslim youths helped transform .  she was selected as one of the `` 1,000 women of peace across the globe , '' later were nominated for a nobel peace prize .  feka 's story may offer some insight into difficulties that may await the afghan peopl .
 mayweather : 'lin hype is based on race not talent ' <sec> boxer floyd mayweather claims the jeremy lin hype is based on the player 's race .  new york knicks ' lin has taken the nba by storm , scoring a record amount of points .  lin has inspired the knicks to a five-game winning streak and outshone kobe bryant .  mayweather said he was speaking up on behalf of other nba player .
 d.c. train crash probe prompts nationwide rail alert <sec> ntsb , investigating fatal d.c. train crash , cites flaw in train detection system .  ntsb tells other transit systems to look for flaw .  it 's not clear how many rail systems have this type of detection system .  causes of june 22 d.c. metro crash still under investigatio .
 u.s. lawmakers meet with fidel castro <sec> new : `` we have history ... and we need to move forward , '' lawmaker says .  raúl castro met with black caucus members a day earlier .  meeting comes amid speculation about shift in u.s.-cuba relations .  officials have hinted obama may soon lift travel restriction .
 botha , former pistorius detective , off police force <sec> hilton botha was pulled from the pistorius murder case last month .  prosecutors reinstated attempted murder charges against botha in a 2011 case .  botha was the first detective on the scene of reeva steenkamp 's shooting death .  sprinter oscar pistorius is accused in the killing of his girlfrien .
 india deny hosts england to claim champions trophy <sec> india win icc champions trophy .  beat hosts england at edgbaston in rain-hit final .  india made 129 for seven wickets in 20 overs .  england came up short on 124 for eigh .
 why uber 's 'god view ' is creepy ( opinion ) <sec> uber is under investigation for spying on riders without their permission .  bruce schneier : increasingly , employees of companies can look at our private data .  even the federal trade commission can ask companies to increase standards of security .  schneier : corporate collection of our data has long outpaced the laws protecting u .
 health care , afghan war splits democrats <sec> democratic differences on public option , abortion slows down health care overhaul .  move for more afghan troops also stirs opposition among democrats .  support for president obama , congressional democrats slip among liberals .  democratic national committee official downplays division .
 trace adkins drops seaworld show amid 'blackfish ' controversy <sec> adkins joins a long list of musical acts who have canceled seaworld shows recently .  rep : `` trace prefers that the focus of his performances be on music , not on controversy '' .  trisha yearwood , willie nelson and others canceled because of 'blackfish ' backlash .  only justin moore and scotty mccreery remain on seaworld 's original schedul .
 swine flu fears stalk the living and the dead in mexico city <sec> every aspect of life has been hit by the spread of h1n1 in mexico city .  citizens told not to shake hands or kiss .  even a tragic death of a child brings suspicion , paranoi .
 petraeus praises u.s.-u.k. relationship <sec> iraq , afghanistan coalitions depend on britain-u.s. alliance , central command chief says .  gen. david petraeus says u.s.-u.k. special operations have been `` fully integrated '' .  `` coalition operations are the norm '' for u.s. and british personnel now , he says .  he urges extending the relationship beyond the battlefiel .
 barcelona club captain carles puyol to leave camp nou <sec> club captain puyol to leave barcelona at end of the season .  35-year-old joined barca 's youth team in 1995 .  defender does not indicate whether he will play elsewhere .  blames chronic knee injuries for his early departure from clu .
 rosie o'donnell reveals 50-pound weight loss <sec> the actress tweeted a picture of her slimmer face .  she underwent weight loss surgery in 2013 .  in 2012 , o'donnell had a heart attac .
 running in the family , generations of f1 drivers <sec> markus winkelhock made debut at the location of his father 's last f1 race .  f1 has a history of father and son racers .  six sons of world champions have raced in formula 1 championship .
 south sudan president : africa should have helped <sec> new : ugandan president vows the region will help 'defeat ' machar if he does n't agree to talks .  african nations should have acted quickly with military support , president kiir says .  the white army is loyal to south sudanese vice president riek macha .
 ferguson : obama must lead on racial profiling ( opinion ) <sec> nafees syed : president obama spoke inspiring words after trayvon martin case .  she says his administration has not achieved much progress on racial profiling .  syed : profiling is route by which many minorities become trapped in criminal justice system .  legislation to curb profiling should be a key priority for obama , she say .
 er doctor testifies in douglas kennedy trial <sec> new : timothy haydock said a nurse was trying to `` exercise unnecessary control '' .  timothy haydock is an emergency room physician and kennedy family friend .  his testimony is expected to wrap up by 5 p.m. thursda .
 where to get married like a star <sec> celebrities found these hotels , resorts and castles romantic enough to say `` i do '' .  ben affleck and jennifer garner went for secluded luxury in the caribbean .  tom cruise and katie holmes chose a 15th century castle in italy .  catherine zeta-jones and michael douglas married at a famed new york hote .
 'monsters ' real and barca overshadowing spanish football <sec> spanish football clubs struggle to find sponsorship and marketing deals in economic crisis .  teams suffering as a result of poor financial regulation , according to financial expert gay de liebana .  real oviedo has turned to fans for financial help .  gay de liebana warns next few months for spanish clubs `` will be tragic for some clubs .
 kirstie alley 's new life 100 lbs . lighter <sec> `` i have more energy than i 've ever had in my whole life , '' alley said .  by dancing daily and changing to an organic diet , she 's turned her life around .  alley will also star in the upcoming abc pilot , `` the manzanis .
 africa 's aviation industry set to soar , says boeing <sec> africa is one of the fastest growing regions for commercial aviation . .  boeing 's vice president for commercial sales says the continent 's potential is huge . .  african airlines face political and technological challenges in fulfilling their full potential .
 opinion : popular pope , but same old church <sec> brian cahill : the photos of pope francis show his humanity , compassion , accessibility .  cahill : but church doctrine unchanged ; francis named a conservative archbishop .  cahill : being gay or lesbian is still a sin , women ca n't be priests , condoms are banned .  still , a pope who believes in love and inclusiveness can do much good , he say .
 chemical weapons group opcw gets nobel peace prize for work in syria <sec> weapons inspectors are taking the world closer to peace in the middle of a raging war .  many were surprised when the nobel committee announced they had won the peace prize .  intended or not , the committee shifted the focus of the public eye back onto the war in syria .  the committee wanted to point out the progress in eliminating chemical weapons globall .
 federer eases past llodra in toronto <sec> roger federer reaches quarterfinals of rogers cup tournament in toronto .  former world number one eases past michael llodra in straight sets .  he next plays tomas berdych who beat him at wimbledon in big upset .  rafael nadal is top seed in the masters series tournamen .
 opinion : hillary , do n't run for president <sec> james moore : hillary clinton is brilliantly qualified to be president .  moore : but it is time for america to move on to a new generation of leaders .  he says age is an important factor ; do we want another clinton dynasty ? .  moore : hillary can make a gracious exit ; u.s. should look forward rather than bac .
 george zimmerman posts $ 9,000 bail in domestic violence case <sec> a friend of george zimmerman tells hln 's nancy grace that he paid the bail .  prosecution alleges zimmerman tried to choke girlfriend days before arrest .  judge cites new allegation in bail decision ; sets conditions including weapons ban .  zimmerman is $ 2.5 million in debt , according to application for public defende .
 isis in libya : 20 health workers kidnapped , then freed <sec> isis tells doctor to stay , treat militants , hospital official says .  about 30 gunmen stormed the sirte hospital , took 20 foreigners captive .  isis has been active in sirte , where it also abducted christians from egyp .
 european ryder cup captain mcginley puts faith in close friends <sec> scotland 's sam torrance and irishman des smyth named as first european vice captains .  captain paul mcginley says he will wait for team line up before naming remaining vice captains .  both torrance and smyth have won the competition before .  opening day 's play at wgc championship suspended by dangerous weathe .
 key witness in 'whitey ' bulger trial details strangling death of woman <sec> debra davis was the girlfriend of `` whitey '' bulger 's partner , stephen `` the rifleman '' flemmi .  flemmi testifies bulger strangled 26-year-old davis in 1981 because of what she knew .  she died after flemmi told her about his and bulger 's link with a rogue fbi agent .  flemmi : `` i could n't do it ... ( bulger ) knew it ... he said , 'i 'll take care of it , i 'll do it ' .
 13.6 billion year-old star discovered by australian astronomers <sec> a 13.6 billion-year-old star has been dated by australian astronomers .  the discovery of star 's age makes it the oldest celestial body ever found .  the team used a unique technique for dating stars , based on the amount of iron presen .
 fbi : we want unabomber 's dna in 1982 tylenol case <sec> new : a new dna sample is sought because of forensic advances , fbi says .  seven people died in 1982 after taking cyanide-laced tylenol .  the fbi says ted kaczynski has not agreed to provide a voluntary sample .  kaczynski claims he has agreed to provide the sample on one unspecified conditio .
 republicans will not give typical formal response to obama jobs speech <sec> no one will provide the usual network rebuttal .  instead , republicans will fan out in statuary hall to respond .  `` this is not a state of the union address , '' a senior gop aide say .
 drywall suspicions complete family 's perfect storm of misery <sec> florida couple 's house being revamped ; they say chinese drywall made them sick .  drywall concerns came after layoffs , home devaluation .  family living in different home at builder 's expense while theirs is fixed .  homeowner says she 's `` really , really angry .
 funniest tweets of the final presidential debate <sec> the final presidential debate elicited 6.5 million tweets in 90 minutes .  the breakout topic of the night was a line about `` horses and bayonettes '' .  other trending topics included everyone loving teachers and if obama went on an `` apology tour .
 pirates hijack thai ship off somalia <sec> mv thor star , was hijacked tuesday with 28 thai crew .  cargo ship hijacked in the gulf of aden off the somali coast .  heavily armed pirates frequently hijack cargo ships off horn of afric .
 string of rocket attacks follows fatal jerusalem bombing <sec> new : eleven rockets were fired into israel from gaza on thursday .  new : israel launches airstrikes thursday night in gaza .  new : obama expresses his condolences over the bombing .  israel 's u.s. ambassador says the bombing and rockets appear unrelate .
 fbi joins search for serial rapist in ohio <sec> cleveland authorities say they are searching for a serial rapist .  three of the women survived the assaults .  one women was killed ; her body was found in 199 .
 instagram hit with class action lawsuit <sec> instagram hit with class-action lawsuit over privacy changes .  suit comes even though the app 's owners changed back language .  california woman says terms-of-service change is breach of contrac .
 swedish poet wins nobel literature prize <sec> new : `` i ca n't do anything but cheer ! '' .  tomas transtromer 's spokeswoman says .  new : the award has gone to obscure europeans three of the past four years .  peruvian writer mario vargas llosa received the literature award last yea .
