 mccain puts obama on the spot in final debate <sec> new : more viewers say obama won the debate , poll shows .  new : candidates debate bill ayers , john lewis , negativity .  new : mccain , obama make frequent mention of `` joe the plumber '' .  mccain , obama start debate with talk of economic plan .
 deal reached over 'british jobs ' strike <sec> deal agreed to end strike over non-uk labor at british oil refinery .  arbitration service says deal involves offering 101 new jobs to british workers .  member of european parliament warns deal might break eu labor law .  protests sparked by total awarding project to italian firm employing italian .
 turkey 's foreign minister meets with exiled hamas leader <sec> the turkish foreign minister meets in syria with hamas leader meshaal .  davutoglu also met with syria 's president and lebanese prime minister .  israeli-turkish relations soured in 2006 after meshaal made an official visit to turkey .  their ties were further strained when israel raided a turkish aid flotilla to gaz .
 jetblue mint premium service ready for takeoff <sec> jetblue launches premium service between the u.s. coasts .  private suites and fully flat beds will be available .  the airline is pursuing the lucrative business travel marke .
 ian thorpe : swimming star in rehab <sec> ian thorpe admitted to rehab with depression .  was found by police disorientated in sydney , early monday morning .  speculation of depression and alcoholism were rejected last week .  autobiography mentioned thoughts of suicide , heavy drinking and depressio .
 opposition leader to cooperate with myanmar government <sec> aung san suu kyi says she 's committed to pursuing a dialogue with the ruling junta .  suu kyi meets with three executive members of her political party .  crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators set off international outrage .  as many as 110 people were killed in the september violenc .
 helping the homeless -- one 'step ' at a time <sec> mcclain hermes , 13 , is legally blind but still collects thousands of shoes for less fortunate . .  mcclain thought footwear would be better off donated than recycled .  shoes for the souls began in 2009 and has collected around 10,000 pairs .  her family says she is selfless and very rarely dwells on her handica .
 sri lankan forces take key rebel strong-hold <sec> government forces took the area in a surprise attack early sunday .  rebel tamil tigers gained control over mullaittivu in 1996 .  earlier this month troops regained control of key northern town of elephant pass .  tamils want independent homeland , war since 1983 has left more than 70,000 dea .
 at last , los angeles river opens to public recreation after 80 years <sec> since the 1930s , the los angeles river has been an off-limits flood control channel .  but this week , officials open a 2.5-mile section of the 51-mile river to the public .  now kayakers and others can legally paddle past the islands , birds , fish in the river .  for decades , the los angeles river had been ridiculed as a backwate .
 prince harry becomes the latest royal on twitter <sec> prince harry sent his first tweet from the top of the british telecom tower in london .  his tweet marked tickets going on sale for the invictus games .  the competition organizes games for wounded , injured and sick servicemen and wome .
 french widow mourns as authorities foil planned attack <sec> `` we all share the same pain , '' valerie braham tells memorial day crowd in israel .  her husband , philippe braham , was among 17 killed in january 's terror attacks in paris .  french authorities foil a new terror plot -- a painful reminder of widow 's recent los .
 internet mocks bravo 's 'silicon valley ' <sec> bravo posted promo clip for upcoming show about budding tech entrepreneurs .  the preview shows its stars lounging poolside , doing shots and going to toga parties .  `` start-ups : silicon valley '' premieres november .
 study : deepwater horizon workers were afraid to report safety issues <sec> report : deepwater horizon workers feared reprisal for reporting safety-related actions .  the study was conducted by an outside consultant in march .  the oil rig exploded the night of april 2 .
 police : newlyweds lure man through craigslist for thrill killing <sec> chief says town has one homicide every 18 months .  police say the couple tried others , but laferrara 's the only one who fell for it .  the wife is accused of repeatedly stabbing the victim .  the husband tells police he tied a cord around laferrara 's nec .
 no flu vaccine shortage , manufacturers say <sec> there are 310,00 extra doses of flumist , the nasal spray vaccine .  sanofi pasteur made more than 60 million doses of fluzone .  there were temporary delays in new shipments of tamiflu oral suspensio .
 10 killed , 58 wounded when bomb explodes in popular mosul restaurant <sec> in addition to those killed , 58 were wounded , police say .  the bomb went off inside a popular restaurant in central mosul .  officials : at least 11 people were killed elsewhere in ira .
 saudi woman beheaded for 'witchcraft and sorcery ' <sec> newspaper says authorities found sorcery books and potions in her home .  amina bint abdel halim nassar was convicted of practicing witchcraft .  analyst says the charge is used against people who exercise free speech or religion .  at least 79 people have been executed in saudi arabia this year , amnesty international say .
 pakistan launches ground offensive against militants <sec> troops kill at least 15 militants in north waziristan 's capital , the military says .  more than 450,000 people have fled area since the campaign began on june 15 .  376 insurgents have been killed in 16 days of fighting , pakistan 's army says .  the pakistani taliban are among the target .
 police hunt clues in cannes jewelry heist <sec> new : the union representing hotel workers says management put profit before staff safety .  police continue to search for a robber who stole jewels worth close to $ 136 million in cannes .  ex-jewel thief larry lawton says the robbery had the hallmarks of a professional heist .  signs advertising the leviev jewelry exhibition at the carlton hotel are taken dow .
 opinion : top court wo n't block town prayers <sec> supreme court hears case challenging prayer at town board meeting .  richard garnett says court will likely be reluctant to uphold a ban on such prayers .  garnett : constitution prohibits establishment of religion , but public prayers have long history .  garnett : u.s. has long tried to protect both religious faith and religious libert .
 kellie pickler 's favorite concert <sec> country singer kellie pickler has been on six uso overseas tours .  uso tours help boost the morale of military men and women stationed far from home .  pickler : they need to know we have n't forgotten about them and what they d .
 'ghost rider : spirit of vengeance ' declares 'war ' against 'the vow ' <sec> `` the vow '' broke midweek records with its $ 11.6 million valentine 's day haul .  more than any other film , `` journey 2 '' will benefit from the holiday weekend .  on a busy weekend , `` this means war '' could still find a decent crow .
 super-yacht secrets : the production process <sec> g.l . .  watson & co. is the oldest yacht design company in the world .  the company is bound to tight confidentiality agreements about its projects .  the restoration of 1930s vessel 'nahlin ' will be the biggest of its kind .  most yachts take three-to-five years to complet .
 mother 's fight to exonerate executed son galvanizes china <sec> nie shubin was executed in 1995 -- when he was 20 -- for raping and killing a woman .  his mother is seeking to exonerate him after another man confessed to the same crimes .  authorities tried nie shubin behind closed doors and barred the parents from the courtroom .  nie told a lawyer hired by his family that he was beaten into a confession on his sixth day in jai .
 chinese barred from virgin space flights <sec> u.s. anti-espionage laws bar chinese nationals from virgin space flights .  chinese offers to buy $ 260,000 tickets `` rejected '' .  multiple passport holders may be allowed .  trips criticized as too short and too expensiv .
 african leaders urge congo rebels to quit hostilities <sec> new : spokesman : rebels want president kabila to implement a 2009 truce deal .  congolese government must listen to the rebels ' grievances , regional leaders say .  rebels must `` stop talk of overthrowing an elected government , '' regional leaders say .  aid groups abandon operations , leaving eastern drc susceptible to a humanitarian crisi .
 reporter 's notebook : view from the 'sidekick ' seat on a tea party bus <sec> cnn 's shannon travis travels with tea party express thursday night .  just the sight of the bus made one man mad , travis says .  despite long trip , tempers never flared and conversation was pleasant , travis say .
 former 'ice road truckers ' driver charged in las vegas kidnapping <sec> new : `` the alleged victim has major credibility issues , '' zickuhr 's lawyer says .  tim zickuhr appeared as a driver in episodes of `` ice road truckers : deadliest roads '' .  zickuhr was arrested by a police officer who knew the woman as a source .  he allegedly kidnapped a prostitute who works under the name `` snow white .
 anti-sex slavery hero in cambodia resigns after newsweek exposé <sec> somaly mam drew international attention for her personal tale of surviving sex slavery .  she used that narrative to begin a foundation and collect money to save girls .  but newsweek reports this month that her personal story is untrue .  mam resigned from the foundation this wee .
 pennsylvania high court upholds stay of execution for terrance williams <sec> the court denied prosecutors an emergency petition to have terrance williams , 46 , put to death .  his attorneys have argued that the jurors were told that it was strictly a robbery-homicide case .  defense team : allegations that the victim had sexually abused williams were withheld from tria .
 cuba 's new $ 900 million mariel port and free-trade project <sec> a new port and free-trade-zone are being built in the cuban town of mariel .  the development will cost $ 900 million and aims to attract international investment to cuba .  reforms in cuba are opening up the economy and the state is rolling back its influence over many sector .
 ashley judd confronts africa 's deadly mineral issue <sec> ashley judd : humanitarian travelers should check motives , learn local context .  judd : valuable minerals in electronics fuel mass rape in democratic republic of congo .  `` until we disrupt how lucrative it is for the militias , things are not going to change , '' she says .  help victims by donating to aid groups , e-mailing electronics makers , judd say .
 michigan militia leader , son admit guilt on gun charges <sec> david stone , sr. , and his son joshua stone face up to 10 years in prison for gun charges .  the judge dropped more serious charges against the hutaree militia members .  `` we are gratified '' the stones will never possess guns again , the prosecutor say .
 thieves snatch tom petty guitars <sec> police are investigating the theft of five guitars .  three of them were vintage guitars from the 1960s .  the band 's tour begins this week .  tom petty was inducted into the rock & roll hall of fame in 200 .
 bob jones iii apologizes for stoning-of-gays comment <sec> bob jones iii suggested homosexuals should be stoned in 1980 .  a petition asking for an apology gathered 1,900 signature .
 usain bolt overcomes slow start to finish 2013 on top <sec> world and olympic champion usain bolt wins final diamond league race .  jamaican runs close to his season 's best in 100 meters in brussels .  american justin gatlin wins season 100m title despite finishing fourth .  compatriot shelly-ann fraser-pryce completes 100/200 diamond league doubl .
 f1 's new female driver aims to set wheels in motion for women <sec> williams signs susie wolff , f1 's second female driver in last month .  the 29-year-old 's new role comes just weeks after marussia signs maria de villota .  f1 supremo bernie ecclestone welcomes the move , calling her an asset to the team .  the scottish driver has previously tested with lotus renault f .
 death toll rises from thai nightclub fire <sec> at least 64 people have died from injuries sustained in the fire , police say .  authorities say the nightclub was n't properly equipped with safety devices .  suriya ritrabue is the main shareholder of the company that owned santika club .  he turned himself into police investigating new year 's eve fire monda .
 your top armstrong questions answered <sec> in question is whether usada can strip armstrong of his 7 tour de france titles .  armstrong says they ca n't ; global cycling governing body wants more info .  armstrong has announced he will not contest usada charges that he doped .  the 40-year-old legendary cyclist still maintains he 's innocen .
 another ebola patient coming to emory in atlanta <sec> new : the who describes the ebola outbreak as a `` dire emergency '' .  patient is a u.s. citizen who got ebola in sierra leone , state department says .  emory says an air ambulance will transport an ebola patient to atlanta .  the patient will be brought to a hospital isolation unit , emory say .
 immigrant seeks legal status after court victory <sec> juana villegas sued a sheriff 's office for violating her rights .  deputies had her shackled before , during and after giving birth .  a jury this week awarded her $ 200,000 .  now she wants a permission to live and work in united state .
 texas inmate escapes van during transfer <sec> man was serving life sentence for sexual assault , indecency with a child .  he was being moved between prisons when he escaped near houston .  authorities say he ran off with guards ' guns , wearing one of their uniform .
 ferguson police chief mum on federal report <sec> justice department report finds rampant racism within the ferguson police department .  `` i need to have time to really analyze this report so i can comment on it , '' chief tom jackson say .
 biden cheers deal with hospitals on health care reform <sec> deal with hospital industry will lead to $ 155 billion in savings , biden says .  biden says `` we ca n't wait '' for reform ; says it will happen by august .  obama last month announced deal with drug industry to cut costs for elderly .  boehner says administration and democrats are `` bullying '' groups into deal .
 6.2-magnitude quake hits bolivia <sec> new : report : some residents of la paz evacuate their homes .  the quake 's center is about 185 kilometers from santa ana , bolivia .  the earthquake was felt in the country 's capital .  there are no immediate reports of injuries or damag .
 uk police arrest 2 more men in counter-terrorism investigation <sec> london 's metropolitan police arrest two men in a swoop on a vehicle on a highway .  one suspect is suspected of terrorism offenses , the other of aiding an offender .  nine men were arrested thursday in london on suspicion of terror offenses .  police are holding all 11 suspects in london police stations and searching multiple addresse .
 comet-chasing probe wakes up , calls home <sec> esa 's comet probe rosetta wakes up , beams a signal back to earth .  the spacecraft is nearly 500 million miles from the sun , angling to rendezvous with a comet .  scientist must now learn how to maneuver the craft around the environment of the comet .  rosetta is set to meet up with the comet in august , follow it for two year .
 'sharknado 2 ' set to take tv by storm <sec> `` sharknado 2 : the second one '' debuts wednesday on syfy .  sharks will invade the big apple for the sequel to last summer 's pop culture phenomenon .  screenwriter predicts there might be a `` global sharkapocalypse '' in third outin .
 imam 's arrest shocks new york 's afghan-american community <sec> prominent imam ahmad wais afzali accused of lying to fbi in terror probe .  afzali , who runs an islamic burial service in queens , maintains innocence in case .  friends , neighbors say members of community looked up to afzali .  friend says case may negatively affect community 's relationship with authoritie .
 'cancer-free ' baby born in london <sec> `` cancer-free baby '' born ; baby girl is first in uk to be screened for cancer gene .  embryo was screened to check she did n't carry gene linked to breast , ovarian cancer .  ethicists criticize screening for genes that could cause later health problems .  doctors say cost of screening makes it unlikely all embryos will ever be teste .
 how to create videos the cnn way <sec> veterans of cnn photojournalism share their expert tips on creating videos .  one tip : give a variety of shots to the viewer .  another : get to know your interview subjects before rolling tape .  ireport : profile someone working with their hand .
 police : 600 evacuated from taiwan train after explosives found <sec> investigators : the bomb could have taken out one carriage , carrying up to 60 people .  someone found the device in a taiwan high speed rail train , police say .  hundreds of passengers are evacuated at hsinchu city .  the timer on the bomb was activated , police sa .
 arctic blast blamed for deaths , travel delays , school cancellations <sec> about 400 flights at chicago o'hare international airport canceled .  expected high in bismarck , north dakota , minus 11 , wind chill as low as minus 35 .  at least 7 deaths attributed to deep freeze , which is reaching record lows in some areas .  in memphis , tennessee , city officials turn on heat for those who ca n't pay utility bill .
 your annual physical is a costly ritual , not smart medicine <sec> 92 percent of americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical exam .  randomized trials going back to the 1980s just do n't support that belie .
 ohio executes inmate using single-drug method <sec> kenneth biros was convicted of killing and dismembering a 22-year-old woman in 1991 .  he was executed tuesday using a new , untested one-drug method of lethal injection .  his attorney objected to the method , saying it was unconstitutional .  the u.s. supreme court without comment denied a request to stay the executio .
 conference leaders say they 'll propose 4-team college football playoff <sec> bcs commissioners rule out an 8- or 16-team college football playoff .  but they will ask their conferences ' members to consider a 4-team playoff .  the lack of a playoff has drawn criticism and justice department attentio .
 fia bans new formula one technology ; raikkonen makes on-track return <sec> fia bans technology which improves aerodynamics of formula one cars .  reactive ride-height systems help cars stay low to the track when braking .  lotus driver kimi raikkonen takes to the track for the first time since 2009 .  the 2007 world champion tests the team 's 2010 car at private event in valenci .
 travel affected as winter storm rolls across the south <sec> new : states of emergencies are declared in louisiana , alabama and georgia .  airlines are beginning to cancel flights .  snow , ice and freezing temperatures are expected across the southeastern u.s . .  weather conditions in atlanta could impact air travel across the countr .
 auschwitz survivor 's social media search for long-lost twin <sec> menachem bodner , born eli gottesman , survived auschwitz as a child and was later adopted .  now aged 73 , he is trying to trace his twin , jeno , who he last saw at the concentration camp .  he hopes social media , including facebook , will help him find his long-lost brother .  the pair , originally from ukraine , have `` matching '' camp id tattoos : a 7733 and a 773 .
 six days later , japanese still confronting magnitude of quake crisis <sec> new : britain joins the us in urging residents within 50 miles to evacuate .  new : water is dropped from above on the fukushima daiichi plant 's no . .  3 reactor .  nearly 13,000 are dead or missing , police say .  emperor akihito : 'remember everyone who has been affected ... and help .
 seedorf has no plans to leave ac milan <sec> dutch midfielder clarence seedorf says that he has no plans to quit ac milan .  seedorf was replying to rumors linking him with premier league side chelsea .  seedorf 's former coach carlo ancelotti recently left san siro to coach chelse .
 hillary clinton backs obama 's immigration plan <sec> clinton issued a statement and tweeted her support of obama 's immigration announcement .  immigration is an issue that has followed clinton this year in interviews and in protest .
 court document : eric frein used laptop during manhunt <sec> on the night he was arrested , eric frein told cops he had a laptop he had been using .  some homes near the airport he was found at have open wireless connections .  frein avoided capture for almost seven week .
 florida issues warning about rare , brain-eating amoeba <sec> new : kali , infected with amoeba , is making progress .  florida department of health issues warning about amoeba in warm freshwater .  family says zachary reyna is receiving same drugs as kali hardig .  arkansas girl is in rehab in fair condition , the hospital say .
