 stress-less black friday shopping <sec> black friday , the holy grail of shopping days , can be intimidating .  emotional stress from thanksgiving dinner can be exhausting .  recognize your stress and anxiety triggers , remember your purpos .
 'no risk of ebola ' for dallas deputy <sec> health official : with no fever and no contact , there is no risk .  son on hospitalized deputy : we do n't think he has ebola .  fire chief : health officials are treating it `` as a low-risk event '' .  the first person diagnosed with ebola in the united states die .
 go beyond the beach in the dominican republic <sec> santo domingo , the dominican republic 's capital , was the new world 's first city .  explore 16th-century buildings , colonial streets , romantic ruins and dominican city life .  cheap , comfortable buses connect to the city from beach area .
 best of the west : 10 top monuments <sec> the west offers a wide selection of remarkable national monuments .  devil 's tower was featured in steven spielberg 's `` close encounters of the third kind '' .  see where mount st. helens destroyed 230 square miles of forest with volcanic ash in 198 .
 gop 's obamacare dilemma : to shut down or not shut down <sec> republican party elders concerned with upstarts ' efforts to shut down government .  split among republicans playing out in town hall meetings across the country .  north carolina republican jeered when he suggested party should n't force shutdow .
 boston red sox owner to buy liverpool football club <sec> the sale is conditional on approval by the premier league .  a dispute about board membership must also be resolved first .  the amount of the sale was n't immediately disclose .
 swiss bus crash kills 28 ; most victims are children <sec> new : the bus was not speeding at the time of the crash , a swiss prosecutor says .  new : the impact was so great that their seat belts did not save the children , he says .  belgian prime minister : victims include 10 dutch people , one german and one pole .  the bus was returning to belgium from a ski trip with 52 people aboard , most of them childre .
 simon cowell leaving 'american idol ' <sec> simon cowell leaving `` american idol '' after this season .  cowell 's `` the x factor '' coming to u.s. in 2011 .  cowell 's acerbic commentary has been a big reason for `` idol 's '' popularit .
 bush 's top homeland security adviser resigns <sec> fran townsend says she 'll look for opportunities in the private sector .  townsend has worked in government and law enforcement for 25 years .  townsend will be on a panel searching for a replacemen .
 artist 'jolts people awake ' with zippers and t-shirts <sec> jun kitagawa has created pop-up installations throughout japan .  the artist got his start dressing sculptures with racy t-shirts .  kitagawa uses balloons , t-shirts , zippers , ordinary items in his wor .
 murder arrest for bbc man who said he killed his lover <sec> ray gosling admitted on a television show that he killed his former lover .  gosling says he had wanted to end the pain of young man with aids .  presenter says he is not trying to `` make a cause '' of assisted dyin .
 jokesters , advertisers pounce on super bowl power outage <sec> the power outage at the super bowl turned into the # blackoutbowl .  the makers of nabisco 's oreo cookie capitalized on the blackout with promoted tweet .  `` you can still dunk in the dark , '' the oreo ad read .  tide also jumped in with `` we ca n't get your # blackout , but we can get your stains out .
 cnn student news - october 6 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 2012 : how horse racing became cool <sec> 2012 is a big year in horse racing as 6 million people head to the track .  rise of celebrity horses frankel and black caviar helps create buzz .  female jockey chantal sutherland in naked photoshoot before retiring .  biggest challenge is british weather , with 119 races cancele .
 uribe overtakes teenager ko in australia <sec> colombian mariajo uribe usurps lydia ko to take the lead at women 's australian open .  uribe shoots six-under to take the lead by one shot from 15-year-old new zealander .  ko had led after day one with a round of 10-under but shot six worse on frida .
 'clinton : the musical ' to make u.s. debut in july - cnnpolitics.com <sec> `` clinton : the musical '' to play at new york musical theatre festival next month .  political satire features two bill clintons , hillary clinton and monica lewinsky .  musical first appeared at edinburgh festival fringe in scotland in 2012 .  the clintons have no involvement with the sho .
 philip jose farmer , science-fiction writer , dies at 91 <sec> farmer 's most popular work was his `` riverworld '' series .  his last novel , `` the city beyond play , '' was published in 2007 .  critics say he was the first to address adult sexual themes in science fictio .
 panetta : do n't take oceans for granted <sec> leon panetta has worked in washington , but his beloved california coastline is home .  ocean commission 10 years ago found depleted fisheries , polluted rivers and bays .  panetta : stewardship of oceans has improved , especially in control of overfishing .  still ahead : curbing development , guarding wetlands , dealing with warmer water .
 try 'being excellent ' to coworkers <sec> `` being excellent '' to each other helps maintain a positive atmosphere in the workplace .  author : `` as a longtime zen student , i had been taught to appreciate small moments '' .  apply this attitude in your personal relationships as well for a positive differenc .
 taliban fighters pounded by pakistani forces <sec> pakistani military pounds taliban fighters , killing 35 in swat valley offensive an estimated 40,000 people flee city of mingora as forces clash .  500,000 civilians expected to flee swat valley area as offensive continues .  pakistani president zardari meeting u.s. president obama wednesda .
 it 's immigration , stupid , say latino voters in nevada <sec> some latinos in hard-hit nevada are considering voting for mitt romney .  but for many , immigration is a deciding issue .  one gop activist says his party has not done enough to connect with latinos .  he says president barack obama 's appearance with mexican band mana was great strateg .
 halliburton , kbr sued for alleged ill effects of 'burn pits ' <sec> 6 lawsuits filed tuesday ; 3 more are scheduled to be filed wednesday .  suits filed on behalf of veterans , contractors , their families .  suits blame health problems , deaths on emissions from burn pits .  no long-term danger from smoke from balad air force base pit , military said in 200 .
 mayweather , ortiz square off for boxing title in las vegas <sec> 6-time world champion floyd mayweather has n't boxed in more than a year .  he 'll fight wbc welterweight champion victor ortiz on saturday night in las vegas .  ortiz , 24 , has a 29-2-2 record ; mayweather is undefeated in his 41 bouts .  mayweather is facing at least 6 lawsuits and has had several run-ins with the la .
 oscar pistorius menaces steenkamp friend , lawyer claims <sec> new : kim myers says pistorius spoke to her in a `` very sinister tone '' .  defense witnesses did not hear the same things prosecution witnesses did .  the defense is planning to wrap up next week .  pistorius says he mistook his girlfriend for an intruder in the middle of the nigh .
 wildlife 101 : can this school save the environment ? <sec> the african wildlife foundation is building conservation schools in rural africa .  it barters with local communities for land to protect .  partnered with mass design , it is bringing better schools to the bus .
 disputed evidence in spotlight as amanda knox trial nears end <sec> trial of amanda knox , accused of murdering fellow student in italy , is nearing end .  key pieces of evidence that once seemed to signal closed case are disputed by defense .  opposing sides argues over what is revealed by alleged murder weapon , dna evidenc .
 'snapper ' : stories from the hoosier heartland <sec> brian kimberling captures a rapidly vanishing way of life in `` snapper '' .  aimless adventures in birdwatching also describe small-town life in indiana .  kimberling 's voice is part john audubon , part holden caulfiel .
 penn state coach calls sexual abuse charges against colleague 'shocking ' <sec> paterno : `` if this is true we were all fooled '' .  former penn state assistant coach jerry sandusky faces sexual child abuse charges .  two other university officials are charged with perjury in an alleged cover-up .  sandusky , out on bail , maintains he is innocen .
 avalanche survivor : 'we did everything we could ' for buried <sec> survivor says decision to leave eight behind was `` gut-wrenching '' .  `` i replay it in my head all the time , '' jeffrey adams says .  adams describes digging himself out twice , helping two others escape .  eight bodies were found monday and tuesda .
 falcons hope for something different , a playoff win <sec> the falcons host the seahawks in the nfl 's divisional playoffs sunday .  the team has been plagued with woes since the falcons formed 47 years ago .  player eugene robinson propositioned a cop for sex the night before super bowl xxxiii .  quarterback michael vick served time for running a dogfighting rin .
 inside politics : when it comes to midterms , 'it 's the economy , stupid ' <sec> the labor department reported april unemployment at 6.3 % -- the lowest since september 2008 .  the numbers could support the democratic case things are better than when barack obama took office .  the question is whether americans will believe the recovery is sustainable or just a blip .  struggles of the long-term unemployed , voter mistrust of political leadership might hurt democrat .
 tensions persist between buddhists and muslims in myanmar <sec> authorities have imposed a state of emergency in meiktila .  communal violence there has left 32 dead and thousands displaced .  arson attacks on muslim properties took place in other towns over the weekend .  last year , ethnic unrest in western myanmar killed scores of peopl .
 popular new camaros hard to get <sec> chevy 2010 camaros are flying off dealer car lots .  dealers have booked about 25,000 orders ; only half have been delivered .  chevy swears 2010 styling is n't retro -- but 1964 , 1969 style cues noted .  short front and rear overhangs are modern , as are large wheels -- up to 20-inche .
 traffickers try to exploit n. africa unrest , experts fear <sec> traffickers could try to exploit unrest in north africa , experts fear .  european law enforcement officials send experts to italy to investigate .  italy has long been at forefront of europe 's battle to stem flow of illegal immigrant .
 race car driver : we mourn , and must go on <sec> driver alex lloyd lost friend dan wheldon on a day meant for celebration , not tragedy .  he says drivers know racing is risky but try not to be distracted by this thought .  lloyd : wheldon was a family man beloved by all .  after mourning , drivers will look at how this accident happened , he say .
 syria : understanding the unrest <sec> the syrian uprising began in mid-march , with no clear end in sight .  a human rights observatory says more than 2,000 have died .  syria has more allies than libya is unlikely to face similar u.n.-mandated actio .
 father 's troubles emerge in investigation of family 's slaying <sec> new : note indicated father was having `` psychological issues , '' sheriff says .  new : investigators say they 've learned christopher wood also had money problems .  sheriff : man apparently killed his wife and three young children , then shot himself .  slain mother 's family were longtime residents of the middletown , maryland , are .
 the folly of drone attacks and u.s. strategy <sec> drone attacks happening almost twice a week on pakistani soil , lawyer 's clients say .  drone missions have escalated under president barack obama .  attacks on pakistani territory have been carried out by cia , u.s. military since 2004 .  akbar : new extremists emerge to replace those killed in drone attack .
 shipwreck pocket watch returned after 128 years <sec> diver finds watch on sea floor off welsh coast , spends years tracing its history .  diver discovers watch originally belonged to richard prichard , captain of the barbara .  prichard died at sea in 1881 ; watch was probably being returned to his widow .  watch was lost when barbara was shipwrecked in driving rain , gale-force wind .
 opinion : hong kong should embrace its unique identity <sec> hong kong is culturally and politically distinct from other chinese cities .  douglas young : i believe the majority of hong kong people recognizes that hong kong can not exist as an independent country .  young : hong kong 's role in world culture is vita .
 darling : it 's still baseball , but it 's a different game <sec> ron darling says it 's amazing how well so many pitchers have performed in playoffs .  he says rangers ' celebration after winning division series was special moment .  rangers celebrated with ginger ale so star josh hamilton , a recovering addict , could join .  darling says players who can hit but not field well will have a hard time making major league .
 pain and anger a year on from disappearance of mh370 <sec> jaquita gonzales ' husband was a member of the cabin crew on board mh370 .  she says she 's unable to move on until she knows what happened to plane .  she 's one of many relatives of passengers who are angry with how authorities have treated the .
 terry retires from england amid racism case <sec> john terry retires from international football .  chelsea defender won 78 caps for england .  decision comes on the eve of scheduled fa hearing .  terry : `` my position with national team untenable .
 celebrating national unfriend day <sec> brad paisley and darius rucker ring in national unfriend day with soundtrack .  jimmy kimmel declares holiday to promote unfriending on social networks .  people to unfriend ? .  your mom , high school friends and annoying status updater .
 brazil 's crucial archives could perish , leaving questions unanswered <sec> one of south america 's largest historical archives perishing .  archives important to victims ' groups .  thousands disappeared during the so-called `` lead years .
 fierce fighting in libya 's western mountains <sec> new : the attack on zintan began at dawn thursday and continued through friday .  african union leaders to meet may 25-26 on libyan conflict .  overnight airstrikes target ships in three libyan port .
 mers may be airborne , scientists say <sec> there have been 836 confirmed cases of mers infection .  scientists are trying to figure out how mers is transmitted .  researchers in saudi arabia found mers rna in barn ai .
 'shovels hit the ground ' on stimulus project , obama says <sec> new highway resurfacing project in maryland is expected to support 60 jobs .  president obama : highway spending will create or save 150,000 jobs by end of 2010 .  another 200 construction projects to be launched in next few weeks .  investing in roads will save lives , obama say .
 california naval base becomes home to central american children <sec> new : some children use fake names in arrest at border , salvadoran vice consul says .  new : other children are victimized at border and some never found , consul adds .  naval base ventura county holds 204 migrant central american children .  `` it 's not like they 're militarized , '' pentagon spokesman says of temporary shelter .
 emmys dip in ratings , still win night <sec> monday night 's show draws 15.6 million viewers .  last year 's had 17.8 million viewers .  monday is first time emmys has n't aired on a sunday night since 197 .
 mobile banking is booming , survey shows <sec> 29.8 million americans access their financial accounts from a cell phone or tablet , survey finds .  a quarter of smartphone users : `` accessing my account through my cell phone is too slow '' .  it 's a good idea not to save your password in the ap .
 european businesses need to be 'lean and mean ' to survive <sec> eu trade commissioner karel de gucht says businesses need to be lean and mean to grow during tough times .  de gucht says european companies need to look outside the continent for future growth .  he believes they need to explore more in chinese marketplac .
 q & a ; with olympic swimmer cullen jones <sec> olympic swimmer cullen jones promotes water safety with the make a splash initiative .  according to cullen , 70 % of african americans and 60 % of hispanics ca n't swim .  fear , parental backing and physical appearance contribute to this lack of swim skills .  parents should teach children how to swim and tell them never to swim alon .
 opinion : remembering the essence of john f. kennedy jr . <sec> john f. kennedy jr. died in a plane crash 15 years ago this week .  gary ginsberg , who was with kennedy at george magazine , recalls a telling moment .  after an interview with george wallace , kennedy and ginsberg were invited for a dinner .  ginsberg : the way kennedy reacted to surprise turnout showed how he dealt with fam .
 opinion : why the saudis unfriended the u.s . <sec> u.s. has had alliance with saudi arabia since 1945 ; obama met king abudullah friday .  peter bergen says the relationship is now at its lowest point .  saudis are upset that obama did n't stand by the `` red line '' he drew on syria .  bergen : two nations share common ground in opposing al qaeda 's rise in syri .
 russian dissident mikhail khodorkovsky speaks out <sec> new : khodorkovsky says he 'll be involved in `` social activities , '' not politics or business .  mikhail khodorkovsky was released friday after 10 years in prison .  he says he was stabbed in the face while he was in prison .  he says putin might have pardoned him earlier if he had said he was guilt .
 judge in west virginia faces second conspiracy case <sec> mingo county is in southern west virginia .  the latest conspiracy case involves a late sheriff 's alleged activities .  the earlier case involved an alleged effort to falsely implicate a ma .
 how the fbi caught ross ulbricht , alleged creator of silk road <sec> alleged creator of the internet 's biggest criminal marketplace arrested in u.s . .  the fbi claims ross ulbricht , 29 , earned $ 80 million in commission from the shadowy site .  it had nearly a million registered users , responsible for an estimated $ 1.2 billion in sales .  despite the site 's secrecy , ulbricht was tracked after a number of online slip-up .
 china 's premier blames dalai lama 'clique ' for violence in tibet <sec> new : chinese premier says china 's response to the protests was restrained .  new : premier called dalai lama 's claim of `` cultural genocide '' of his people lies .  streets of lhasa quiet but heavy security , witnesses say .  u.s. urges chinese restraint ; talks with dalai lam .
 romney , obama navigate arab world turmoil <sec> mitt romney seeks to draw parallels between presidents obama and carter .  some republicans say romney blundered in his attack on obama .  polls show voters favor obama on foreign policy issue .
 top 10 ethical travel destinations for 2014 <sec> nonprofit group ethical traveler highlights developing nations with promising human rights records .  no asian or continental african countries made the 2014 list .  `` by visiting these countries , we use our economic leverage as travelers to support best practices , '' says ethical traveler .
 new chinese law : visit your parents <sec> new chinese law requires children to visit elderly parents .  care of growing elderly population a big challenge for china 's leaders .  one-child policy and economic reform have broken up extended family .  some say law controversial and hard to enforc .
 from ivory coast , military action urged to remove incumbent <sec> new : u.n. commission agrees to back ouattara-picked ambassador .  augmenting the u.n. force in ivory coast is being discussed .  ouattara-appointed pm calls for `` military leverage '' against gbagbo .  the world bank has halted lending to ivory coas .
 all creatures great and small at frankfurt 's animal lounge <sec> frankfurt airport 's animal lounge handles more than 100 million animals annually .  domestic pets and exotic creatures including rhinos , polar bears and crocodiles jet in and out .  facility opened in 2008 and is the world 's busiest animal airport hu .
