 nepal bans women under 30 from working in gulf states <sec> nepal 's government hopes the risks of abuse will be lower with more mature women .  widespread exploitation of domestic workers in gulf states has been documented .  the ban does not solve the underlying problem , says a human rights watch researcher .  a migrant workers ' advocate says nepal should ensure improved working conditions for wome .
 egypt 's military dissolves parliament , suspends constitution <sec> new : banks are shuttered until wednesday as protests force top banker 's resignation .  new : elbaradei urges generals to `` come out of their headquarters '' .  new : stock exchange to freeze transactions from officials being investigated .  egypt 's ambassador says the military will run a `` technocratic '' government until election .
 baltimore businesses join fight for change in the city <sec> some local businesses in baltimore are banding together to show support for change .  business owners have given workers opportunities to peacefully demonstrate .  several businesses dealing with destruction , looting from monday rio .
 potential black rhino hunter still waiting for permit <sec> after nearly a year , hunter who bid $ 350k to bag a rhino has n't hunted .  namibian government says it 's fine for him to kill an old , unneeded bull .  but u.s . .  fish and wildlife service has n't approved his plan to bring trophy parts hom .
 is a blackberry tablet coming next week ? <sec> research in motion may unveil a tablet device at its conference next week , a report says .  the device is sometimes called a `` blackpad '' since rim bought the domain blackpad.com .  wall street reports that tablet will use a new os from qnx softwar .
 author hires investigators to review sweat lodge deaths <sec> james arthur ray says he hired investigators to look into sweat lodge deaths .  two dead , 19 injured at ray 's retreat meant to provide for spiritual cleansing .  ray : `` i have no idea what happened .
 4 french hostages released in niger , president says <sec> seven people were abducted by al qaeda in the islamic maghreb in 2010 .  three were released in 2011 .  aqim posted a video of the four remaining hostages in april 2011 .  french officials are in niger to bring the men back hom .
 mali and ghana through to semifinals <sec> mali and ghana are through to the semifinals of the africa cup of nations .  seydou keita scores the winning spot-kick as mali beat gabon on penalties .  ghana are taken to extra time by tunisia before securing a 2-1 succes .
 spectacular , forbidden photos of from great pyramids <sec> a russian photographer scaled egypt 's great pyramid on a recent visit .  climbing the pyramids has been forbidden for decades .  the resulting photos provide a rarely seen perspectiv .
 who should play felix baumgartner in a movie ? <sec> felix baumgartner broke a world record sunday when he jumped from 24 miles above the earth .  david beckham and channing tatum are two stars who could play the austrian in a movi .
 pope preaches in public after breaking wrist <sec> pope preaches and greeted well-wishers , three days after breaking his wrist .  benedict xvi had surgery on his right wrist after he fell thursday night .  most painful aspect for pope is having to stop writing by hand , spokesman say .
 europe , name hezbollah in terror <sec> frida ghitis : bulgaria blamed hezbollah in bus attack , yet eu still wo n't call group terrorists .  she says doing so would let eu freeze group 's funds , control its travel , averting attacks .  but eu fears angering group , destabilizing lebanon ; let 's hezbollah raise funds in europe .  ghitis : in letting group claim legitimacy , eu passively abetting a terrorist organizatio .
 floating house rises to flooding challenge <sec> plans for amphibious home on banks of uk 's river thames gets planning consent .  private dwelling will rise if surrounding area floods creating a `` free floating pontoon .
 rescind north korea 's license to provoke <sec> north korea has threatened more missile and nuclear tests .  patrick cronin says the threats came in response to reasonable sanctions imposed on n. korea .  he says it may be prudent to show n. korea that such provocations wo n't succee .
 second arrest made in devastating pennsylvania arsons <sec> new : mark gilliam , 20 , arrested thursday on a federal charge .  roger leon barlow , 19 , arraigned thursday in connection with at least 9 fires .  the fires have plagued the community in and around coatesville since january 1 .  one fire in late january destroyed 15 home .
 do n't call canadians 'american , ' british hoteliers told <sec> tourism body issues bizarre do 's and don'ts list for dealing with foreign hotel guests .  do give russians a room with high ceilings -- they are tall , it says .  and anticipate everything a japanese visitor needs .  but never call a canadian tourist `` american .
 federer facing new world order <sec> after losing in the second round at wimbledon , roger federer drops to fifth in the rankings .  the 17-time grand slam champion has n't been that low since june 2003 .  federer , unusually for him , is set to play in two clay-court tournaments this month .  federer 's slide comes as britain basks in andy murray 's wimbledon title succes .
 obama , hillary clinton do n't get trade ( opinion ) <sec> sen. elizabeth warren has publicly criticized so-called `` fast track '' trade authority .  sally kohn : why does president obama call her wrong , and why is hillary clinton equivocating .
 syrian civil-war stifles jordanian farmers <sec> farmers in jordan 's mafraq region impacted heavily by conflict in syria .  goods previously sent to to turkey via syria now remain unused and unsold .  influx of refugees has also increased tension with local populatio .
 rory mcilroy hits his stride at australian open <sec> rory mcilroy moves to within two shots of leader adam scott at the australian open .  the northern irishman cards a seven-under-par second round of 65 in sydney .  adam scott 12 under heading into the final two days play .  the australian shot a course record 62 on thursda .
 relentless woods makes light work of toothless blue monster <sec> tiger woods leads at halfway stage of wgc tournament at doral .  woods cards a 65 for 131 on the blue monster course .  graeme mcdowell two shots behind in second place .  world no.1 rory mcilroy trails again in florid .
 asian fans cheer 'linsanity ' <sec> jeremy lin is on an asia tour and stopped in hong kong .  lin spoke to hundreds of kids about his nba career and upbringing .  he faces great expectations after signing with houston rocket .
 is your bottled water safe ? <sec> congressional report : fda has little authority to regulate bottled water brands .  conversely , municipal water utilities are required to make test results public .  watchdog group 's survey : less than 2 percent of bottlers disclose important inf .
 indianapolis colts owner jim irsay arrested , accused of dui <sec> he 's charged with driving while intoxicated , possession of a controlled substance .  irsay is being held at the hamilton county jail in indiana on $ 22,500 bond .  `` the team will issue additional statements when the facts are sorted , '' the colts sa .
 new york church to give away ar-15 semi-automatic rifle <sec> upstate new york church to give away an ar-15 rifle .  giveaway is part of service honoring hunters and gun owners .  pastor john koletas : `` our country was built with the king james bible and the gun .
 indian spinners return for tests <sec> india have recalled harbhajan singh and murali kartik to their test squad .  the spinners are in a squad for the first two tests against pakistan .  the games are in in delhi , from november 22 and calcutta from november 3 .
 obama chose his words on egypt carefully -- for a reason <sec> the obama administration did not use the word `` coup '' .  use of the word would have legal ramifications resulting in the end of u.s. aid .  the u.s. priority is to preserve some space while trying to contain a combustible situatio .
 former dodgers manager tommy lasorda suffers heart attack <sec> tommy lasorda , 84 , is in stable condition in new york .  the hall of fame manger led the los angeles team for some 20 years .  he jokes , `` the doctors confirmed i do bleed dodger blue .
 japan lawmaker : i 'm not guilty of china meth smuggling <sec> takuma sakuragi , a 71-year-old lawmaker , is facing drugs charges in china .  he is accused of trying to board a flight with 3.2kg of methamphetamine in luggage .  the charges carry the death penalty in china , which executed a japanese trafficker in july .  sakuragi has pleaded not guilty , saying he was helping take a friend 's luggag .
 humor behind headlines of cartoonist who raises awareness as well as smiles <sec> patrick chappatte is the first non-american to win overseas press club international cartoonist award .  chappatte a pioneer of cartoon reportage , or graphic journalism .  swiss-lebanese cartoonist has also produced an animated film about cluster bomb .
 anelka 'in talks with chinese club shenhua shanghai ' <sec> nicolas anelka in talks with shanghai shenhua , according to the chinese club .  former france international expected to leave england 's chelsea next month .  he has rarely featured this season under new manager andre villas-boas .  the 32-year-old moved to stamford bridge from bolton in january 200 .
 pennsylvania city 's 'sad ' christmas tree to stay put <sec> update : reading , pennsylvania , will keep the christmas tree some called `` ugly '' downtown .  the `` charlie brown '' christmas tree originally did n't live up to a pennsylvania city 's standards .  city council president francis acosta helped raise money to replace the tree .  `` the city deserves having a beautiful , good-spirit christmas , and we 're gon na offer that .
 5 things we loved about the 2014 grammys <sec> 2014 grammy awards were filled with notable moments and performances .  stevie wonder lit up daft punk 's `` get lucky '' .  the beatles were frequent mentions at 56th annual show .  and what was with pharrell 's hat .
 royal caribbean cancels alaska cruise because of motor problem <sec> celebrity millennium was in the middle of an alaska cruise when the problem happened .  the captain decided to return to port and the rest of the cruise was canceled .  royal caribbean canceled four upcoming cruises on the millennium .  passengers will receive refunds and certificates for future trave .
 police seek dna from yale worker in death of student <sec> new : police get warrant to take dna from yale employee in slaying probe .  yale student annie le 's body found in off-campus research building sunday .  more than 150 people interviewed in case so far , senior police official tells cnn .  official disputes yale president 's characterization of suspect pool as `` limited .
 what makes apple 's icloud different from google and amazon services <sec> apple is preparing to launch icloud , an internet storage service .  amazon already has cloud drive , and google has a variety of services .  icloud is tightly integrated into apple software but seemingly less so in other platform .
 oscar-winning actress patricia neal dies at 84 <sec> new : neal died of complications from lung cancer .  she is best known for her role in `` hud , '' for which she won an oscar .  shortly afterward , she suffered three strokes .  neal recovered and continued actin .
 up to 4,000 buried in indonesian quake rubble <sec> united nations fears 4,000 buried beneath rubble , current death toll 540 .  rescue efforts hampered by heavy rain , power outages , impassable roads .  people use hammers , chisels , bare hands to dig through rubble for survivor .
 jameis winston accuser files suit against florida state <sec> winston says the sex was consensual ; woman says she was raped .  she claims university tried to stifle any investigation into football player 's actions .  fsu president says school fulfilled its obligations and tried to help the woma .
 militant attacks kill at least 30 in pakistan <sec> string of attacks target pakistani law enforcement authorities , killing dozens .  police station attacked in northwest pakistan , coordinated attacks in lahore .  on saturday militants attacked army headquarters in rawalpind .
 lewis pugh : the human polar bear <sec> lewis pugh was the first man to complete a long-distance swim in the arctic .  `` most people ca n't go 20 meters in ice-cold water , '' says his coach .  pugh is able to increase his body temperature using will power alone .  his extreme swims are intended to publicize the effects of global warmin .
 virginia tech to review negligence verdict in 2007 shooting rampage <sec> a jury has found virginia tech was negligent in the april 2007 shooting rampage .  seung-hui cho fatally shot 32 people before killing himself .  the families of two victims sued for wrongful death .  the jury awarded the two families $ 4 million eac .
 amanda knox : 'i 'm afraid to go back ' to italy <sec> amanda knox says she 's considering returning to italy for a retrial .  knox says she has been judged `` based upon unrealistic and unreasonable expectations '' .  in a wide-ranging interview , she reveals she is studying self-defense after death threats .  an italian court has overturned her acquittal ; knox maintains her innocenc .
 new mexico governor repeals death penalty in state <sec> new : aclu says move sends message about need to reevaluate system .  new : richardson says he does not have confidence in justice system as it operates .  8,102 new mexicans urged richardson to sign bill ; 2,745 others opposed measure .  bill replaces the death penalty with life without the possibility of parol .
 fbi , justice department reviewing forensic evidence in thousands of cases <sec> the review is looking for defendants wrongly convicted based on faulty forensic testimony .  the action follows a washington post report that the justice department knew of problems .  the justice department did not estimate how long it will take to go through case .
 egypt 's coptic christians pick new pope <sec> a blindfolded boy chooses the name of the next pope .  the new pope replaces a former leader who died in march .  attacks in recent years have targeted the coptic christian minorit .
 uk bids farewell to chiller writer james herbert <sec> james herbert died peacefully at home , his publisher says .  more than 54 million copies of his 23 novels were sold worldwide .  `` his death marks the passing of one of the giants of popular fiction , '' says editor .  in his debut , `` the rats , '' a plague of mutant , flesh-eating rodents invaded londo .
 famed author john updike dies of cancer at 76 <sec> john updike , author of `` rabbit '' books and `` the witches of eastwick , '' dies .  updike , 76 , had been suffering from lung cancer .  pulitzer prize winner was titan of american letter .
 moroccan court sentences marrakech attacker to death <sec> adil othmani gets the death sentence for an explosion last spring in marrakech .  the blast tore apart a cafe , killing 17 people .  blast occurred at square popular among tourist .
 ronan farrow disses woody allen 's golden globes tribute <sec> ronan farrow is woody allen 's son ... or is he ? .  an adopted daughter accused allen of molesting her .  allen is married to another adopted daughte .
 authentically black and truly catholic <sec> c. vanessa white was baptized a catholic as a young child .  she says growing up she saw spiritual gifts of black catholics were often diminished .  she says she works to help blacks see their story as a part of the catholic churc .
 popular kim jong il photo blog may live on <sec> creator of popular photo blog about kim jong il says he will likely keep project going .  blog shows late north korean leader looking at equipment , food and other objects .  a copycat blog has already appeared showing similar images of kim jong u .
 obama signs children 's health initiative into law <sec> new : president obama signs state children 's health insurance program into law .  house approves the bill in vote that falls largely along party lines .  schip passed the senate last week .  schip makes additional 4 million kids eligible for federally funded health insuranc .
 bill tilden : profile of a tennis legend <sec> bill tilden holds record of six straight u.s. open crowns , but was a controversial figure .  tilden dominated tennis in the 1920s , winning 10 grand slam titles .  the american legend served two prison sentences on morals charges in the 1940s .  tilden was shunned by the tennis community and died at the age of 6 .
 listen to women in a new afghanistan <sec> khaled hosseini : oxfam report says afghan women must have voice in afghanistan .  he says women in afghanistan have gained since taliban days but are still denied rights .  he says women had positions , education and authority when he was growing up there .  hosseini : a condition for groups to take part in rebuilding nation must be full rights for wome .
 marathon runners reach a great wall <sec> 1,600 runners from 49 nations compete in may 17 race .  marathon , half-marathon , 5k and 10k races were offered to runners .  participants in race generally take 50 percent more time than normal maratho .
 israeli military sees growing threat from gaza tunnels <sec> hamas has used tunnels to stage attacks in israel and gaza , the israeli military says .  the military has destroyed some tunnels , but says it believes there are many more .  hamas used a tunnel to capture an israeli soldier in 2006 .  a tunnel into israel discovered last year showed increasing sophisticatio .
 two libyan lawmakers shot as protesters storm congress , members say <sec> protesters storm libya 's interim parliament and shoot two congressmen , members say .  one lawmaker was shot in the leg , members say , but no word on the second .  the general national congress voted to extend its term in december , angering the publi .
 judge removes 'birther ' elements from army doc 's court martial <sec> judge says obama gave no orders .  defense attorney says he will appeal .  judge nixes president as a witness in court martial .  flight surgeon says obama has not proved his citizenship , and orders to deploy are illega .
 egyptian prank show exposes anti-israeli sentiment <sec> a popular television show in egypt plays pranks on unwitting celebrities .  they are asked about their views on israel and then told they are on israeli tv .  some have responded with anti-israeli slurs and violence before being told it is a prank .  show 's creator : the show `` covers an important gut-level issue .
 mel b. joins 'america 's got talent ' as a judge <sec> report : spice girl mel b. is joining `` america 's got talent '' as a judge .  the singer/tv personality is experienced with reality shows .  `` agt '' is said to be considering hiring a fourth judg .
 david beckham : '7 ' fund is my 'number one priority ' <sec> david beckham makes charity work his top priority as he launches the `` 7 '' campaign alongside unicef .  the charity gives funds to children in danger zones across the world .  this is beckham 's tenth year of being a unicef goodwill ambassado .
 herman cain denies gop 's horrible history with blacks <sec> herman cain said that black voters were `` brainwashed '' to support democrats .  roland martin says cain is ignoring ample historical reason for that support .  republicans had substantial black support but adopted a strategy that spurns them , he says .  martin : if gop wants black support , it has to make its case to black voter .
 couple marries on southwest flight <sec> dottie coven and keith stewart say `` i do '' in the air .  about 100 unsuspecting fliers attended the wedding .  anyone objecting to the wedding could press their flight attendant call butto .
