 this robot valet will park your car <sec> a german airport has introduced robot valets .  dusseldorf , `` ray '' uses a forklift system to move cars .  robot wired to flight system knows when traveler will return .  the service costs about $ 40 per da .
 yemen : u.s. drone strikes kill al qaeda militants <sec> yemeni officials : u.s. drone strikes kill at least nine suspected al qaeda militants .  houthi militias are battling al qaeda-linked group for territory in yemen .  more than 400 people have died in clashes between the two groups in the past month .  the houthis are trying to expand their reach after taking control of the capital , sana .
 for sale : teenage love ( or not ) letters by jackie kennedy onassis <sec> jacqueline bouvier kennedy onassis was a teenager when she had a harvard boyfriend .  a collection of her letters to him is now being auctioned .  the writings are described as onassis 's earliest letter .
 is the pc dead ? <sec> a recent report showed pc sales down 14 % and apple desktop sales flat .  consumers increasingly are choosing smaller , cheaper tablets and smartphones .  microsoft 's mobile-friendly windows 8 has confused some users .  but company is working on `` blue , '' that 's reportedly more desktop friendl .
 uzbek national sentenced to almost 16 years for threatening president obama <sec> ulugbek kodirov plotted to kill the president , the justice department says .  he pleaded guilty in february to the charges .  he came to the u.s. in 2009 on a student visa , but failed to enroll in schoo .
 america becoming less christian , survey finds <sec> new survey finds americans less likely to identify themselves as christian .  75 percent call themselves christian , down from 86 percent in 1990 .  survey finds an increase in number of people expressing no religious affiliation .  percentage of muslims has doubled , but still small : from 0.3 to 0.6 percen .
 church pastor killed during service , police say <sec> church members tackle gunman after shooting , police say .  suspect 's injuries are `` very serious , '' police spokesman says .  police looking for motive in illinois church attack that killed pasto .
 washington 's union station evacuated due to chemical odor <sec> chemical odor causes hour-long evacuation at washington , d.c. 's union station .  cause of odor was overheated battery system , official says .  one person taken to hospital for evaluation after complaining of dizziness .  amtrak train service was suspended for 75 minutes , spokesman say .
 bodies of afghan police , spy agents recovered after kidnapping <sec> the men were kidnapped thursday and killed .  the taliban take responsibility for the killing .  wardak has long been considered a hotbed of insurgent activit .
 kazakhstan hopes uranium , oil and gas will fuel its future <sec> oil , gas and uranium account for 70 % of kazakhstan 's economy .  government is developing natural resources industries .  revenue from natural resources used to encourage growth of other industries .  scheme to pay for citizen 's education abroad also used to develop skills and knowledge econom .
 european police arrest 103 in suspected human trafficking ring <sec> human trafficking generates an estimated $ 32 billion a year .  police in europe arrest 103 people in 10 countries .  most of those smuggled were recruited from afghanistan , iraq , pakistan , syria and turkey .  many of the migrants come into the eu through turkey and the western balkan .
 isis executes more christians in libya , video shows <sec> footage shows groups of captives in jumpsuits executed at 2 locations , narrator says .  video makes numerous references to christians failing to pay tax or tribute to muslim .
 north korea promotes military official to key rank after removing army chief <sec> removal could be evidence of first leadership purge under new leader , analyst says .  pyongyang chooses a new vice marshal a day after removing its army chief .  state media does n't say whether hyon yong chol replaces the army chief .  the promotion is probably the work of kim jong un 's uncle , an expert say .
 reluctant : feds hesitated to investigate christie administration <sec> federal probe of christie administration has n't found any evidence of a crime so far , sources say .  fbi 's new jersey field office continues `` fact-finding '' interviews .  new jersey bridge scandal and questions about superstorm sandy aid have prompted inquiries .  justice department also involved in other high-profile matters involving politician .
 in book , clinton raised concern about any taliban talks for bergdahl <sec> clinton raised the issue of negotiating for bergdahl in new book , 'hard choices ' .  decision to get army sergeant back from taliban captivity has generated sharp controversy .  she said `` opening the door '' to taliban for bergdahl `` would be hard to swallow for many americans .
 michael jackson , pop music legend , dead at 50 <sec> michael jackson suffers cardiac arrest at home in los angeles suburb .  singer was dominant in pop music for four decades with jackson 5 , solo .  jackson had many no . .  1s ; his `` thriller '' is one of the best-selling albums of all tim .
 derogatory 'jeopardy ' board launches tsa probe <sec> managers ridiculed gay men , african-americans , lesbians , sources say .  board was made to look like categories in tv game show `` jeopardy '' .  tsa 's office of inspection is investigating at the orlando field office , '' statement say .
 father says body in truck is his daughter 's <sec> new : barahona charged with aggravated child abuse .  the couple 's remaining two children have been placed in foster care , court officials said .  the girl 's body was in a plastic bag , an affidavit said .  jorge barahona 's son is in intensive care , police sa .
 kerry endorses obama over '04 running mate <sec> new : sen. barack obama will bring the country together , sen. john kerry says .  kerry was the democratic presidential candidate in 2004 .  john edwards , also running for the '08 democratic bid , was kerry 's running mate .  obama picked up key endorsements from unions in nevada this wee .
 vanishing acts : ed snowden , red panda <sec> rusty the panda went missing from the national zoo .  twitter erupts with jokes about the vanishing acts of ed snowden and rusty .  rusty is found about a mile from the zoo ; snowden isn ' .
 united flight returns to newark airport after severe turbulence <sec> passenger says , `` it happened in an instant '' .  five flight attendants injured when united flight hits severe turbulence .  united flight 89 lands safely with 189 passengers and 16 crew member .
 filmmaker antoine fuqua on 'from mlk to today ' <sec> director antoine fuqua is filmmaker behind cnn 's `` from mlk to today '' .  fuqua discusses life , experiences with racism and the hope barack obama brings .  fuqua , director of `` training day , '' compares obama with denzel washington .  fuqua 's latest feature-length project , `` brooklyn 's finest , '' screened at sundance fes .
 smoke without fire ? terry 's legal team tackles cigarette image <sec> john terry 's representatives order legal probe into alleged use of chelsea star 's image .  a blurred picture resembling terry has appeared in an indian anti-smoking campaign .  england captain 's agency says that no permission was given to use the image .  terry faces court proceedings in february after being charged of racially abusing an opponen .
 rafael benitez to take charge at napoli <sec> rafael benitez appointed as new coach of italian team napoli .  benitez takes over from previous coach walter mazzarri .  spain 's benitez was manager of chelsea for the final six months of last season .  benitez led chelsea to europa league triumph a fortnight ag .
 u.n. : south sudan rebels split residents by ethnicity , kill hundreds <sec> new : `` we believe that at least 400 people were killed in bentiu , '' top u.n. official says .  they kill hundreds of residents seeking shelter in churches , mosques and hospitals .  men , women and children who refuse to cheer the rebels are also killed , it says .  white house : this is the kind of violence south sudanese have tried to escape for decade .
 killed man was wanted terror suspect , dna tests suggest <sec> the fbi says a dna sample taken from a raid in the philippines matches a relative of marwan .  marwan is an fbi most wanted terror suspect , suspected of being behind bombing campaigns .  44 elite philippine commandos were killed in the raid on his hideout last mont .
 euro 2012 finals match schedule <sec> co-hosts poland kick off the tournament against greece in warsaw on june 8 .  euro 2012 will be contested over 30 matches between 16 nations .  the ukrainian capital of kiev will host the final on july .
 boomer esiason apologizes for c-section comments <sec> boomer esiason said athlete 's wife should have scheduled c-section to avoid game .  daniel murphy of the mets missed two games this season to attend his son 's birth .  major league baseball allows players to miss three games during paternity leave .  esiason apologized on his radio show on friday , calling his comments `` insensitive .
 7 stunning european ski lodges <sec> san lorenzo mountain lodge features a seven-minute helicopter ride to the slopes .  the mooser hotel 's bar is known for its table-dancing , jägerbomb-drinking skiers .  the monte rosa hütte creates 90 percent of its own energy with a stack of solar panels .  new this season , le petit relais is opening gstaad up to the budget conscious skie .
 jordan 's debut world cup dream decimated by uruguay <sec> uruguay thrash jordan 5-0 in their world cup qualification playoff first leg .  class tells for world 's sixth best team against middle east minnows .  psg 's edinson cavani on scoresheet as uruguay take big step towards brazil .  mexico thrash new zealand 5-1 in first leg of their world cup playof .
 a year of success and setbacks for the retooled rnc <sec> after losses in 2012 , rnc chair reince priebus ordered a review of the gop at the national level .  in 2013 , the rnc released a report titled the `` growth & opportunity plan '' .  nearly a year after the report 's release , the gop has increased minority outreach efforts .  but it has n't embraced immigration reform and is struggling with messaging directed at women voter .
 lawyer : general accused of improprieties to plead to some charges <sec> in 2012 , brig . .  gen. jeffery sinclair was charged with `` sodomy ... by force '' .  the military says he had porn , pulled rank to coerce and threaten female troops .  sinclair 's lawyer blasts what he calls `` pathetically weak assault charges '' .  his military trial is set to begin thursda .
 who is suge knight ? <sec> marion `` suge '' knight is a former football player .  stories proliferate of him using intimidation in business .  he once told a reporter that he got `` results .
 mood map : how the results are calculated <sec> the cnn economic mood map is part of cnn 's world economic forum coverage .  it enables users to tell cnn what their economic mood is across four different topics .  users can see how their mood compares to others in their country and around the worl .
 typhoon survivors fight to protect kids as security deteriorates <sec> baby born in makeshift hospital was `` perfect delivery in a very imperfect environment '' .  roughly 300,000 pregnant women , new mothers in need of food , government says .  u.n. agency says it 's distributing solar-powered lamps to curb `` gender-based violence .
 doctor accused of severing babies ' spines with scissors in 'house of horrors ' <sec> dr. kermit gosnell is charged with murdering seven babies and a pregnant woman .  he 's accused of killing infants who came out of the womb alive .  gosnell has pleaded not guilty .  jury selection begins monday in his tria .
 park set to sign new deal at man utd <sec> alex ferguson is confident park ji-sung will sign a contract extension at manchester united .  south korean midfielder has been at united since 2005 , joining from psv eindhoven .  manager ferguson says park will agree to a new two-year deal at old trafford .  the 30-year-old became the first asian player to score at three world cups in 201 .
 attorney 's finances blamed in hotel murder-suicide <sec> police say william parente killed wife , two daughters in hotel room .  family from new york was visiting daughter at maryland college .  police are looking into parente 's possibly 'questionable ' financial dealings .  police say parente , an attorney , fatally cut himsel .
 uss carl vinson may host first ncaa game on aircraft carrier <sec> navy is in talks for potential `` carrier classic '' .  espn would televise game if it pans out .  two courts would have to be built to skirt weather woes .  courts , bleachers would have to vanish if carrier ordered on a missio .
 soldiers ' bodies returned to italy as afghan bomb toll rises <sec> explosion targeted a mostly residential area near the supreme court in kabul .  bodies of six italian soldiers who died returned to italy sunday .  italian prime minister says it would be `` best '' for country 's troops to leave afghanistan .  deaths were the highest single-day death toll for italy in the afghan missio .
 dorian johnson consistent in accounts of brown shooting <sec> in interviews 28 days apart , johnson told similar stories about michael brown 's death .  johnson 's interview with fbi , county detective released friday in latest document dump in case .  many inconsistencies minor , possibly the result of different questions .  many witness accounts do n't jibe , including those of johnson and officer darren wilso .
 opinion : big surprise ahead in 2014 <sec> tamar jacoby : at 2013 end , immigration reform seems dead , but it 's not .  she says the year brought big progress , support from ceos , evangelicals , even gop .  she says change slow , but tectonic , likely wo n't include citizenship , but legal status .  jacoby : can house gop , dems compromise ? .  it will be tricky , but momentum buildin .
 jackie kennedy letters withdrawn from auction <sec> personal letters from former first lady jacqueline kennedy withdrawn from auction .  report : the letters were to be sold by an irish catholic college .  report : the college is working with the kennedy family to determine the letters ' fate .  kennedy wrote of love and concerns about her husband , president john f. kenned .
 federal report finds alabama prison 'toxic , ' female inmates abused <sec> justice department issues scathing report on tutwiler prison .  says corrections agency has violated women 's constitutional rights .  corrections chief says that doj findings are `` off the mark .
 milan swoop for american defender onyewu <sec> ac milan swoop to sign up american international defender oguchi onyewu .  the 27-year-old joins from belgians standard liege on a three-year contract .  onyewu is the first american to appear in serie a since alexi lalas in the 90 .
 police : nine killed in shooting at omaha mall , including gunman <sec> landlord says shooter called and told her : `` it 's too late '' .  police : surveillance cameras may have captured the shooting .  police identify the shooter as robert a. hawkins , 19 .  two of the wounded are in critical conditio .
 introducing bino and fino , africa 's answer to dora the explorer <sec> nigerian cartoon `` bino and fino '' aims to teach children about african history and culture .  creator adamu waziri says african children watch only imported cartoons .  `` we want to show a couple of kids in a middle class life , '' he says .  it is currently being shown on sky tv in the u .
 dozens of atlanta educators falsified tests , state report confirms <sec> new : educators chose own interests over helping students , superintendent says .  report `` confirms our worst fears , '' atlanta mayor says .  report confirms widespread cheating in atlanta public schools .  investigators said 178 teachers and principals were involve .
 autopsy confirms body found in bayou is missing louisiana teacher 's <sec> police have told terrilynn monette 's mother they found the car and a body , she says .  a police diver has found a car with a body inside believed to be monette , police say .  monette , 26 , was last seen march 2 leaving a new orleans bar .  she was celebrating with friends a `` teacher of the year '' nominatio .
 skype adds facebook tabs , group video chat <sec> new skype 5.0 for windows will have facebook integration , offer group video chat .  its features went live thursday .  group video chat will be free in beta ; no price announced for afterwar .
 manchester city complain to uefa over racist abuse of balotelli <sec> manchester city report alleged racial abuse from porto fans to uefa .  city striker mario balotelli claims he was racially abused during the match in portugal .  the epl leaders came from behind to win the first-leg match 2-1 .  uefa will wait to receive the match delegate 's report before deciding whether to investigat .
 opinion : hate-filled violence threatens us all <sec> mark levin : shootings point to culture of hate-filled violence tolerated in u.s . .  he says incident threatens jews but also shows bolstering support of larger community .  he says wanton hate in u.s. affects many ; at least two of those targeted were not jews .  levin : society is guilty ; it should address weapons , mental health and culture of violenc .
 teacher accused of punching student , police say <sec> fort lauderdale art teacher said to strike 8-year-old in the face .  man turned himself in to police tuesday .  sunland elementary teacher faces child abuse charges , police sa .
 sunnis targeted across iraq <sec> most of the attacks occurred in sunni towns and cities , police say .  the deadliest was in anjana , where a suicide bomber killed at least 14 people .  a funeral was the site of another bombin .
 confessions of a busy mom : 5 lessons <sec> sheryl sandberg 's lean in movement encourages working moms to become leaders .  cnn weekend editor and busy mother kristi ramsay shares how she prioritizes her life .  ramsay is also a law student , with another child on the way , so multitasking is a must .  learning to delegate duties and ask for help was a tough but essential lesson , she say .
 enough with celebrity 'rehab-abuse ' <sec> simma lieberman says it 's routine to see celebrities very publicly checking into rehab .  this trivializes the hard work of rehab , she says , makes it fodder for late-night gags and reality tv .  when celebs lapse , seem not to take treatment seriously , she says , it sends harmful message .  lieberman : let 's stop feeding fascination ; get serious about addiction 's costs , responsibilitie .
 commentary : what turkey can do for the u.s . <sec> zeyno baran : obama 's speech shows deep understanding of turkey .  she says administration needs to make good use of turkey 's role in region .  baran : using turkey to make peace with taliban would be a mistake .  she says turkey can help rebuild afghanistan and provide securit .
 thai king , world 's longest-reigning monarch , in hospital <sec> thailand 's king bhumibol adulyadej is hospitalized with fever and fatigue .  king bhumibol adulyadej is world 's longest-reigning monarch .  king wields little power but is deeply revered and enjoys immense popularit .
 fcc to consider allowing cell phone calls on flights <sec> the fcc is considering allowing cell phone talk aboard aircraft .  the rule would apply only above 10,000 feet .  individual airlines could decide whether to allow cell phone conversation .
 north korea 's kim jong un lauds purge of his executed uncle <sec> kim jong un praises the effects of his uncle 's execution in north korea .  `` our single-hearted unity was solidified to the maximum , '' the young leader says .  jang song thaek was considered instrumental in kim 's rise to power two years ago .  kim also warns that a skirmish in the region could lead to all-out wa .
 dennis rodman checks into alcohol rehab after n. korea trip <sec> dennis rodman , 52 , enters new jersey rehab center , agent says .  darren prince says the former nba star is remorseful and embarrassed .  the five-time nba champion partly blamed alcohol for much-criticized comments .  rodman said dictator kim jong un was a frien .
 tennessee woman resuscitated after heart stops at lady gaga concert <sec> new : the woman 's friend says she had another seizure thursday , and was saved again .  new : her cardiologist says the 33-year-old appears to have an enlarged heart .  emts restarted her heart after it had stopped for more than five minutes .  she was flown to hospital , where her body temperature was cooled to curb damag .
 collector cars of the future <sec> the right new car today could be worth a fortune as a collectible later .  cadillac xlr-v roadster can compete with the mercedes sl-class .  less than 2,000 of the honda s2000 cr editions will be built .  the hatchback will make the subaru impreza wrx sti a collectible late .
 where free speech is threatened ( opinion ) <sec> restrictions on free speech sweeping parts of asia are troubling : rupert abbott .  despite supposed reforms , myanmar is cracking down on media , he says .  g20 summit an opportunity for leaders to address freedom : abbot .
