 snow polo in st moritz takes on china rival <sec> snow and ice are no obstacle as st moritz hosts major equestrian events each winter .  from 'skijoring ' to snow polo , competitors have mastered the art of horse sport on ice .  st moritz now faces competition from a rival snow polo event in chin .
 officer suspended for threatening ferguson protester <sec> new : official in charge of security : `` disturbing '' incident disrespects other officers .  new : protester lauds the disciplining of the officer , says it sends a `` strong message '' .  a missouri police officer `` relieved of duty '' after pointing rifle , threatening protester 's life .  police union lawyer : incident is `` unfortunate , '' officers are tired and `` human .
 mom : burned teen looking forward to christmas with family <sec> michael brewer , 15 , was severely burned in october , allegedly by teens he knew .  getting out of hospital was `` the only thing he wanted for christmas , '' his mom says .  brewer family to spend holiday at `` a safe place , '' not their old home .  doctors credit brewer 's `` miraculous '' recovery to his determination , spiri .
 business class airline eos bankrupt <sec> new york-based business class airline eos declares bankruptcy .  luxury carrier charged up to $ 9,000 roundtrip from new york to london .  analysts blame high fuel costs , slowing economy , credit crunch for industry problem .
 at harvard , swarming robots that mimic termites <sec> harvard researchers create `` swarm robotics '' construction crew .  small , simple robots work together to build structures .  the termes project is based on mound-building termites .  creators say swarm robots could do dangerous jobs like build levies in flood .
 thai politician accidentally kills ex-wife with uzi <sec> thai politician accidentally shoots former wife and secretary over dinner , police say .  senator boonsong kowawisrat was carrying an uzi sub-machine gun .  he has been charged with causing death by negligence .  parliamentary immunity means he can not be arreste .
 syrian artist 's vision of love amid devastation of war goes viral <sec> an image of klimt 's `` the kiss '' superimposed over a destroyed syrian building has gone viral .  the image was created digitally by syrian artist tammam azzam , who now lives in dubai .  he hopes to return to his homeland and create a physical version of the artwork one da .
 mexico looking at risky deep water oil <sec> mexico is looking at deep water drilling as a way of extracting more of its oil reserves .  some estimates say there may be up to 29 million barrels available .  some now want constitutional amendment allowing private investment in oil .  but nationalized pemex is popular with mexicans , providing cheap gas and money for infrastructur .
 company recalls more than 8,000 packages of smoked salmon <sec> the packages may be contaminated with listeria monocytogenes .  it can cause fatal infections to people with weakened immune systems .  `` to date , no confirmed illnesses ... have been reported , '' the company say .
 climate change : debating solutions <sec> principal voices panelists discuss ways world can address climate change .  of current economic turmoil , ipcc chief pachauri says `` it 's just a distraction '' .  panelists include sea campaigner alexandra cousteau and dr carl hodges .  panel agree small lifestyle changes are just as important as new technolog .
 what 's next for syria in 2013 ? <sec> cnn 's nic robertson and nick paton walsh examine what the future may hold for syria .  paton walsh : 'very little doubt ' the rebels will defeat the regime of bashar al-assad .  robertson : it will take years to rebuild the country 's infrastructure , econom .
 stern 's lawyer : attorney general is talking too much <sec> california attorney general 's comments are prejudicial , lawyer says .  brown saying too much about anna nicole smith case , krista barth says .  barth is attorney for smith 's ex-partner , howard k. stern .  stern , two others charged with conspiring to supply smith with drug .
 former rwandan leader 's wife faces genocide charges <sec> agathe habyarimana was arrested at her french home tuesday morning .  charges include genocide , conspiracy to commit genocide , complicity to commit genocide .  juvenal habyarimana killed in 1994 when his plane was shot down .  killing sparked genocide which led to deaths of some 800,000 , mainly tutsi minority , peopl .
 remains of 2 people found in trash bags in new jersey , officials say <sec> dismembered remains found monday in a pair of trash bags , officials said .  linden , new jersey , officials launched a homicide investigation after the discovery .  autopsies were scheduled for monday afternoon , according to the prosecutor 's offic .
 what fate awaits 'doctor who ' in the finale ? <sec> the stakes could n't be higher for `` doctor who '' in the season finale .  the doctor 's current companion , clara , as played by jenna coleman , may not stay .  michelle gomez was recently revealed as ... ( spoiler alert ! .
 why trump ca n't run as an independent <sec> donald trump changed his party enrollment this week from gop to unaffiliated .  in a column published in april , john avlon explores trump 's prospects as an independent candidate .  avlon : trump 's embrace of birther rhetoric would doom his appeal to most independent voter .
 protesters decry unity plans in bahrain <sec> protesters see the proposals as a bid to crush dissent .  bahrain blames iran for the anti-government protests .  leaders of the gcc met this week to discuss integratio .
 sex education should be mandatory in all schools <sec> nyc should be commended for mandating sex education , roland martin says .  safe sex and abstinence must be dealt with in an educational setting , he says .  martin : while abstinence is definitely safest , we have to accept reality .
 gawker media websites hacked <sec> hackers release file containing gawker 's source code , commenter and staff passwords .  email addresses of gawker users have been compromised .  hackers part of group anonymous , who 's campaign is called operation paybac .
 cia 'suicide bomber ' vows revenge in new video <sec> alleged suicide bomber vowed to avenge taliban leader in newly released video .  humam khalil abu-mulal al-balawi thought to be bomber who killed 7 cia operatives .  the jordanian grew up a loner , wanted to go to medical school , mother says .  al-balawi mentions baitullah mehsud , taliban leader in pakistan , killed last yea .
 commentary : west stares into afghan abyss <sec> debate in uk sparked by recent deaths of 15 british soldiers in afghanistan .  al qaeda and taliban are separate entities but have strong links .  major military obstacle is fighting insurgency with insufficient forces , equipment .  uk government under pressure at home to revise policy on afghanista .
 witnesses share emotion of inauguration festivities <sec> new jersey woman calls inauguration , parade `` majestic '' .  `` this is america happening , '' says new york woman .  barack obama 's election shows american people `` can do anything , '' woman say .
 icc stands down 'sting ' umpires <sec> icc will not select six officials accused of corruption for international duty .  an india tv sting alleged half-a-dozen officials were willing to fix t20 world cup matches .  two of the officials from pakistan , two from bangladesh while two are sri lankan .  none of the officials accused were involved in matches at the 20-over tournamen .
 madagascar power struggle explained <sec> madagascar military hands power to opposition leader andry rajoelina .  under madagascar constitution , rajoelina to young to become president .  crisis has plunged poverty-stricken nation into turmoil .  thousands of people took to the streets to protest rising food price .
 t.r . knight returns to tv on 'law & order : svu ' <sec> in his first television role since 'grey 's , ' knight plays somewhat against type .  his character is into blonds , but only of the submissive variety .  he did n't get to sink his teeth into his rol .
 texas judge in video beating is back at work <sec> the judge is back to work , a clerk says .  william adams handles misdemeanor cases .  daughter hillary adams posted the video in november 2011 .  it was recorded seven years earlie .
 veteran pows recount cost of being held in north korea <sec> lee soon-sang and his wife reunited after more than half a century .  lee was taken prisoner by north after the korean war ( 1950-53 ) .  thinking his wife was dead , he remarried and had children in north .  south korea has called on pyongyang to release all servicemen held ther .
 why isis immune to 'naming and shaming ' ( opinion ) <sec> bill frelick : human rights workers operate amid laws that keep wrongdoers accountable .  he says isis confounds `` naming and shaming '' tool ; it is proud of its brutality 'in name of god ' .  he says rights workers despair at isis savagery , face challenge of restoring humanity to conflicts .  frelick : only political action at the highest levels has the capacity to prevent mass killing .
 my dad 's awful war <sec> vets in d.c. today for kickoff of hbo series `` the pacific '' made john dedakis think of his dad .  his father saw carnage during wwii stint as an officer serving in europe , he says .  as dedakis taped his father 's war recollections , his normally placid dad became emotional .  at a reunion dedakis talked with his dad 's fellow soldiers about how the war changed the .
 opinion : is gezi park turkey 's tahrir square ? <sec> lesley abdela : treatment of women a good weather vane for wider state of politics in turkey .  she says erdogan says women should reproduce more ; he says he 's secular , does n't sound it .  she says gezi park tumult shows divisions between secular and hinted-at islam state .  abdela : erdogan had success leading thriving nation , now out of touch , over-confiden .
 pakistan deal enshrines sharia law <sec> presidential spokesman says deal gives sharia law a role in swat valley .  valley is wracked by violence ; central government has little influence in the region .  last week , pro-taliban cleric said government not serious about allowing sharia law .  swat valley is about 300km from islamabad and near the afghan borde .
 king : sense of community lost in nation 's housing crisis <sec> foreclosures change neighborhoods in las vegas .  vacant houses in area have one family adding heavy security to home .  another family can afford first home as price drops from $ 400,000 to $ 179,00 .
 obama 's bid to shoot down u.s. jet fighter <sec> u.s. president obama faces battle with congress over new f-22 raptor .  obama , defense secretary gates do n't want any more of the $ 350m fighter jets .  many in congress see f-22 as way of protecting defense industry jobs .  obama has threatened to veto legislation ordering more fighter jet .
 chelsea grabs last minute glory to win europa league <sec> chelsea wins the europa league following 2-1 win over benfica .  branislav ivanovic scored in the final minute of stoppage time .  fernando torres had given chelsea the lead on 59 minutes .  oscar cardozo equalized from penalty spot before late ivanovic winne .
 african football chief against player walk offs in racist incidents <sec> africa football chief against player walk offs in racist incidents .  issa hayatou - 'it 's very bad for a player ' .  hayatou demands stiffer penalties for racist behavior .  he believes match fixing is an even bigger problem for fif .
 how to get scientists , policymakers to same page on climate change <sec> gavin schmidt : there 's a gulf between cancun climate goals , views of some new to congress .  it would help if scientists could show link between climate change , voters ' lives , he says .  he says scientists are increasingly aware of need to explain this link to policymakers .  schmidt : scientists must make goals on climate change meld with policymaker concern .
 justices rule that fleeing the police is a violent felony <sec> `` risk of violence is inherent to vehicle flight , '' justice anthony kennedy says .  the court rejects the argument that a car chase should n't lead to a stricter sentence .  justice scalia dissents , saying the law should be declared `` void for vagueness ' .  justices kagan and ginsburg , in a separate dissent , argue there was no violent felon .
 storm batters europe , at least 55 dead <sec> at least 55 deaths from extra-tropical cyclone , 45 of them in france .  high winds -- at times spiking to 200 km/h ( 124 mph ) -- reached as far as paris .  `` many people drowned , surprised by the rapid rise of the water , '' french official says .  deaths also reported in spain , portugal , belgium , germany and englan .
 opinion : trade a spy , get middle east peace ? <sec> u.s. may release the spy jonathan pollard as a chip in middle east negotiations .  frida ghitis : the move could give benjamin netanyahu political leverage in israel .  she says if a deal is reached , israeli-palestinian talks can continue through 2015 .  ghitis : pollard has nothing to do with peace process , but his release makes sens .
 coroner awaits toxicology test results in death of donda west <sec> la county coroner : west , 58 , may have died from cosmetic surgery complications .  coroner also says west was in good condition before surgery .  surgeon expresses condolences , declines further comment , citing confidentiality .  funeral for mother of hip-hop mogul kanye west will be november 2 .
 up to 4,000 buried in indonesian quake rubble <sec> united nations fears 4,000 buried beneath rubble , current death toll 540 .  rescue efforts hampered by heavy rain , power outages , impassable roads .  people use hammers , chisels , bare hands to dig through rubble for survivor .
 kerry assures u.s. support if iraq unites against isis <sec> militant fighters believed to be isis seize the baiji oil refinery , sources say .  united states , iraq reach agreement over legal protections for u.s. advisers .  john kerry says iraqi leaders agree to form a new government by july 1 .  u.s. defense official says iraq 's military is plagued with morale , training problem .
 lean on me : loving and losing a dog <sec> singer fiona apple recently canceled a tour to stay home with her dying dog .  cnn 's kat kinsman understands apple 's motivation after enduring her dog 's death .  kinsman gained a gigantic irish wolfhound when she married her husband .  she and the dog bonded after mordred became sick with cance .
 the amazing true story of soviet astronaut dogs <sec> a new book provides an insight into the bizarre world of soviet space dogs .  the first living creature to be sent into orbit was laika , a stray dog from moscow .  the russian dogs became propaganda icons , portrayed as sacrificing themselves for the good of the ussr .  the soviets switched to monkeys in the eighties , but it is the iconography of the dogs that is the most endurin .
 bashar al-assad : syria 's unintended president <sec> bashar al-assad has ruled syria since 2000 .  his older brother died in a 1994 car crash .  the death meant bashar al-assad was the next heir to power .  despite some reforms , critics highlight empty promise .
 tough task : designing a game about your 'first time ' <sec> contest held to create a concept for a video game about losing one 's virginity .  winners are two-woman team of heather kelley and erin robinson .  winning concept involves choosing outfit and mood music , ditching roommate .  game conceived as a series that could be played on a wii or even an iphon .
 timeline : north korea 's rocket-fueled obsession <sec> north korea appears to have conducted third underground nuclear bomb test .  u.s. geological survey reported seismic activity near site of two previous nuclear tests .  area around magnitude 4.9 disturbance has little history of earthquakes , says usgs .  `` it 's a nuclear test , '' says jeffrey lewis of monterey institut .
 opinion : what russell brand got wrong about voting <sec> eric liu : between 60 % and 80 % of eligible voters wo n't vote in tuesday 's elections .  liu : russell brand says it 's a folly to vote , politics are rigged ; we need a revolution .  liu says in a democracy , not voting amounts to voting for all you detest and oppose .  liu : if all young , poor , black , latino , asian voters cast ballots , that would cause a revolutio .
 chris brown pleads guilty in rihanna assault case <sec> new : singer reaches plea deal over attack on girlfriend .  singer will serve five years of probation , do community service .  brown pleaded not guilty earlier in connection with assault on rihanna .  brown will undergo domestic violence counseling , judge sai .
 romney calls for strong u.s. role in world affairs <sec> new : president barack obama 's team calls mitt romney 's policies inconsistent .  the gop challenger gives what aides call a major foreign policy address .  romney backs u.s. help in arming syrian rebels .  aide : romney seeks traditional u.s. role in global affairs that dates to the end of world war i .
 villagers return after verdict on disputed preah vihear temple <sec> villagers near the disputed temple begin returning to their homes .  the un 's international court of justice rules cambodia has sovereignty over area .  thailand still retains jurisdiction over a nearby hill that formed part of the dispute .  tensions in the five-decade-old dispute boiled over in 2011 when five were killed in skirmishe .
 7 killed , 23 wounded in blast near iraq holy shrine <sec> three days of attacks in mainly shiite areas of baghdad leave dozens dead .  bomb near revered shiite shrine of imam musa al-kadhim kills 7 on wednesday .  parked car bomb in same area of baghdad kills at least 9 people on tuesday .  at least 32 killed on monday in seven bombings around iraqi capita .
 convicted lockerbie bomber says truth will eventually come out <sec> `` new facts '' will come out within months , the convicted lockerbie bomber tells reuters .  abdelbeset al-megrahi was said to be in a coma in august when cnn visited his home .  in the interview taped sunday , he remains in bed but appears luci .
 israel navy intercepts boat with ex-u.s. rep. mckinney <sec> free gaza movement says its boat was taking aid to gaza .  israel says it warned boat not to ignore naval blockade .  cynthia mckinney , nobel laureate mairead maguire among boat 's crew .  military says aid aboard boat will be delivered `` subject to authorization .
 unc : we failed students 'for years ' <sec> unc chancellor acknowledges `` failure in academic oversight '' .  concession comes after cnn highlighted ongoing problems with student-athlete literacy .  unc is now investigating research from whistle-blowe .
 like he said , eli manning is an elite quarterback <sec> giants qb eli manning said he 's in the same class as patriots quarterback tom brady .  the comment spurred debate on whether he was an elite quarterback .  manning had his best season in 2011 and is one win from the super bow .
 ending fuel subsidies cuts bolivia 's losses , president says <sec> president evo morales : under the policy of subsidies , smuggling was rampant .  he says $ 150 million has been siphoned out of the country by smugglers .  morales predicts calm will return and bolivians will benefit from the revenue .  business rep rejects morales ' claim that the business sector is behind protest .
 photo reveals uk police arrest plan for assange <sec> policeman is photographed holding what appears to be an assange arrest plan .  a line can be read saying , `` assange to be arrested under all circumstances '' .  `` the document is not related to the julian assange case , '' a police spokeswoman says .  assange has been holed up in the ecuadorian embassy in london since jun .
 report : north korea launches short-range missiles <sec> report : the missiles were fired away from south korean waters .  north korea fired three short-range missiles , south korean defense ministry is quoted as saying .  they were fired into the sea off the korean peninsula 's east coast , yonhap reports .  tensions in the region have eased since a peak last mont .
 first ladies remember victims of flight 93 <sec> first ladies michelle obama and laura bush remember the passengers ' bravery .  dignitaries , family members and locals attended the ceremony .  40 people and 4 hijackers were killed when the flight crashed in pennsylvani .
 smugglers sink 'drug subs , ' but not feds ' case <sec> three `` drug subs '' intercepted in past two weeks , coast guard says .  crew members sank all three , along with cargo , officials say .  lack of physical evidence often prevents drug prosecutions .  new law makes it a felony to travel through international waters in the vessel .
 baseball hall of famer tony gwynn dies <sec> gwynn died at 54 after a long battle with salivary gland cancer .  he was a 15-time all-star and was inducted into the baseball hall of fame in 2007 .  hall of fame chair recalls his `` kindness , graciousness and passion for the game '' .  his son , also an mlb outfielder , tweets , `` today i lost my dad , my best friend and my mentor .
 france : frenchwoman kidnapped in kenya and taken to somalia dies <sec> new : the kenyan government sends condolences over marie dedieu 's death .  the french foreign ministry says dedieu 's death has been announced .  dedieu was seized on october 1 .  kenyan officials sent mediators into somalia to negotiate her releas .
 boateng makes racism walkout vow <sec> ac milan midfielder kevin-prince boateng promises to walk off the field of play if he is subjected to racist abuse . .  boateng led his side off the field of play in thursday 's friendly against pro patria .  the german-born boateng had told the referee three times he was being abused .  milan club president silvio berlusconi and former italian prime minister has called boateng to congratulate him on his walkou .
