 14 secrets of the perfect business pitch <sec> dublin web summit is where tech entrepreneurs try to secure funding .  but many wannabe business people make rookie mistakes .  investors and startup owners share their tips on how to come up with a top pitc .
 opinion : why do americans accept costly health care ? <sec> recent report shows u.s. health care system ranks last among peer nations .  summer mcgee : we have least efficient , most expensive system in world .  she says what 's surprising is our willingness to tolerate such a broken industry .  mcgee : clear quality standards , price transparency are essential to improvemen .
 altering perceptions of women in muslim countries <sec> malala 's shooting reinforces program 's mission .  fund promotes equality and education where there 's no level playing field for women .  the program is changing the way women are perceived .  project was successful because tribal leaders believed in its importanc .
 witty signs keep drivers ' focused on tricky alaskan road <sec> drivers ascending grande drive in denali , alaska , are kept entertained by a succession of unexpected signs .  sings warn of falling coconuts and killer moose . .  one is more likely than the other .  the near mile-long dirt road up sugarloaf mountain cost about $ 1 million to buil .
 allegiant air adds carry-on fee <sec> allegiant air is the second u.s. airline to charge for carry-on bags .  the airline will charge between $ 10 and $ 30 for bags that do n't fit under seats .  spirit airlines also charges for carry-ons .  industry insiders say other carriers may follow sui .
 turning dead wood into sculpture along the gulf <sec> live oaks lined scenic u.s. 90 before hurricane katrina destroyed them .  florida wood sculptor marlin miller has been turning the tree trunks into carvings .  miller 's sculptures range from eagles and herons to seahorses and dolphins .  one of his sculptures will be dedicated on the biloxi town green on saturda .
 celebrities find it easy to be green <sec> celebrities have favorites ways to go green .  actress laura dern uses solvent-free paints in her home .  alicia silverstone dries clothes outside on laundry lin .
 indonesian court sentences bali bomber to 20 years in jail <sec> new : umar patek showed no emotion as his sentence was handed down .  patek was found guilty of taking part in premeditated murder .  he has admitted helping mix explosives but denies involvement in the planning .  after 10 years on the run , he was arrested in january 2011 in pakista .
 with irs defanged , politics can run rampant <sec> gloria borger : after irs scandal , it 's open season for political nonprofits .  she says the agency was wrong to target conservative groups .  still , the irs is needed to keep political groups from posing as nonprofits , she says .  borger : irs focused on small fry , left big organizations free to spend on politic .
 vets fight to save hero dog <sec> carmen , a 9-year-old boxer , tried to save her owner last week during a house fire .  her owner died , and carmen is now fighting for her life at a critical care hospita .
 gen. petraeus still advising white house - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the obama administration has consulted with petraeus on matters related to iraq and isis .  petraeus plead guilty to one federal charge of removing and retaining classified information earlier this mont .
 memories of a bitter past ignite indian book controversy <sec> home state of mahatma gandhi bans revisionist history of india-pakistan partition .  book suggests independence leader sardar patel was the architect of the division .  animosities over the partition continue to impact india and pakista .
 lost 'doctor who ' episodes recovered in nigeria <sec> nine lost `` doctor who '' episodes from the 1960s have been found in africa .  the rediscovered episodes feature patrick troughton as the second doctor .  the long-running science-fiction show celebrates 50th anniversary in novembe .
 guitarist alvin lee of woodstock fame dies at 68 <sec> alvin lee dies at 68 .  british guitarist gained famed at woodstock concert .  he sang with ten years afte .
 president clinton to oversee haiti relief , rebuilding efforts <sec> new : more than 200,000 people died from quake , prime minister 's office says .  president clinton already serves as united nations special envoy to haiti .  secretary-general ban ki-moon charging him with overseeing aid efforts , reconstruction , as well .  ban : `` i can not find any other better suited leader .
 pearly kings and queens : the other royals of london <sec> the pearly kings and queens are a recognizable london institution .  distinguished by pearl buttons sewed on to clothing , group raises money for charity .  as well as fundraising they act as role models and ambassadors in london area .
 why has gop turnout taken a dive ? <sec> john avlon : rank-and-file votes lower than in the past , a bad omen for mitt romney and gop .  gop turnout flat-lined in some states , avlon says , and went downhill in florida , nevada .  avlon points to polarization , the effect of negative ads and dissatisfaction with candidates .  more bad news , he says : no candidate is likely to appeal to independents , centrist .
 egyptian court overturns sentences of 14 women jailed for protest <sec> an appeals court revisits the 11-year sentences given 14 women involved in a protest .  they will be released and given 1-year suspended sentences , state news reports .  the women 's original sentences sparked widespread condemnation around egypt .  they were arrested at a demonstration for ousted president mohamed mors .
 2 dead as protesters , police clash in oman , witnesses say <sec> clashes were reported in the omani industrial town of sohar .  the protests started saturday , and turned violent sunday .  at least two people were killed and 10 injured , sources sa .
 some evacuations lifted as firefighters battle rim fire near yosemite <sec> the rim fire , which has burned nearly 200,000 acres , is 32 % contained .  it 's the fifth largest wildfire in california 's history .  the blaze has cost the state more than $ 39 million to date .  forest service chief says firefighting will continue for week .
 tony abbott : could political brawler be australia 's next leader ? <sec> tony abbott , the man tipped to be australia 's next leader , is known for his aggression .  the socially conservative catholic has a pugnacious character that plays well with his base .  australian politics has a long tradition of verbal brawler .
 first lady obama arrives in mexico <sec> new : obama 's mexico visit billed as `` recognition of the ( nations ' ) deep ties '' .  obama , jill biden make unannounced visit to quake-damaged port-au-prince .  obama to meet with mexican counterpart , children at school .  she 'll also deliver a speech at universidad iberoamerican .
 mpeketoni attack was done by local networks , kenya 's president says <sec> kenya 's president says local terrorists attacked a coastal city sunday , killing at least 48 people .  it was first believed al qaeda-linked al-shabaab militants from somalia were responsible .  a world cup viewing party turned into a bloodbath sunday , witnesses say .  kenya has been battling al-shabaab on its border with somali .
 gas station manager says u.s. flag pole used in election day attack <sec> a request for id for a tobacco purchase was the trigger , the station manager says .  one man shouted , `` you aliens get ... out of my country , '' erdaogan yavuz says .  the pole of the station 's american flag was used as a weapon , he say .
 service through connecticut rail crash zone to resume wednesday <sec> new : service on metro-north , amtrak to resume wednesday , officials say .  `` we scared the heck out of people , and it worked , '' transportation official says .  one patient is in critical condition , four others are hospitalized after a derailment .  investigators are focusing on a broken rail but do n't suspect foul pla .
 island faces north korean threat up close <sec> tensions between north korea and the south have risen recently .  it is particularly felt on yeongpyeong island , south korea .  the island is a stone 's throw from north korea and was attacked three years ago .  residents try to live their lives as best they ca .
 syria 's attack on turkish plane could ignite conflict <sec> tensions between turkey and syria rise over shooting down of turkish military jet .  fawaz gerges says just one spark could ignite a fire between ankara and damascus .  turkey establishing `` safe zone '' that hinders syria 's ability to move troops , gerges says .  gerges : syrian is sending message : we have capability and will to oppose interventio .
 messi double sparks barca five-goal romp <sec> lionel messi scores twice as barcelona beat atletico madrid 5-2 .  barca have opened spanish primera liga season with three straight wins .  real mallorca maintain fine start with 4-0 thrashing of promoted tenerif .
 vintage nasa space photos up for auction <sec> treasure trove of more than 600 nasa images from the space race are up for sale at auction in london . .  photographs include the first `` selfie '' in space , and an extremely rare picture of neil armstrong on the moon .
 inkster police chief vicki yost resigns in michigan <sec> inkster , michigan , police chief vicki yost resigns in the wake of charges against one of her former officers .  william melendez was caught on police car dashcam video in january beating an unarmed black motorist .  melendez was charged with assault on monday ; all charges against the motorist have been droppe .
 hypnobirthing : relax while giving birth ? <sec> hypnobirth trains moms to calm body and mind to a state of self-hypnosis .  its popularity has soared due to word of mouth among moms and pregnant hollywood celebrities .  it does not promote itself as pain free , but says it could reduce discomfor .
 nfl player 's thoughtful ferguson post draws applause <sec> benjamin watson sometimes shares his thoughts about life on his facebook page .  a post about the emotions he felt on day after ferguson decision was read by many .  he closed by saying bible offers hope that we can get past divisiveness .  watson plays tight end for the new orleans saint .
 braille smartphone in development <sec> 2011 ted fellow sumit dagar is developing the world 's first smartphone for visually impaired people .  the phone 's screen contains pins which move to form braille characters when an sms or email is received .  it uses shape memory alloy technology which ensures pins contract back to their original position .  the phone will retail for about $ 185 , and the team hopes to release it by the end of 201 .
 mcdaniel plans to challenge mississippi runoff result - cnnpolitics.com <sec> mcdaniel campaign serves papers to cochran with intent to challenge .  the campaign says it found nearly 5,000 `` irregularities '' in primary voting records .  mcdaniel supporters call foul after cochran 's campaign turns to democratic voters .  conservative group files a lawsuit asking for full access to gop primary voting record .
 another twist for the unemployed : debit card fees <sec> pennsylvania one of several states offering debit cards in lieu of checks for jobless .  some who opted to go with debit cards outraged to get fees without notice .  state labor official says debit cards have greatly improved distribution system .  u.s. department of labor : states can do better in negotiating fees with bank .
 masked man in james foley execution video may be id 'd <sec> man with british accent appears in video of foley 's beheading .  `` they have a pretty good idea of who it may be , '' a u.s. official says .  but officials say they are n't 100 % certain of man 's identit .
 obama , shinseki stories on va medical care do n't add up <sec> david gergen : president obama and eric shinseki have done much for veterans .  but he says their stories about the delays for medical care do n't add up .  a top va official wrote about the coverup of long waiting lists four years ago .  gergen : no more excuses , it 's time to investigate and fix this proble .
 north america 's tallest hotel opens in midtown manhattan <sec> new midtown manhattan marriott beats out another marriott for north america 's tallest hotel .  hotel houses courtyard and residence inn .  tallest hotels in the world are located in duba .
 suicide , lies and videotape : the real 'informant ! ' <sec> the adm price-fixing case was a landmark in global antitrust prosecution .  global price-fixing investigations have skyrocketed since the adm scam .  these investigations depend on whistle-blowers who often have dark motive .
 can romney find a cure for 'romneycare ' ? <sec> mitt romney is the former governor of massachusetts and 2008 gop presidential nominee .  romney is under fire for a health care plan he signed into law as governor .  republicans and democrats see `` romneycare '' as the prototype for what conservatives deride as `` obamacare .
 kimi raikkonen returning to ferrari in 2014 <sec> kimi raikkonen has rejoined ferrari to partner fernando alonso in 2014 .  the finn won the 2007 formula one world title with ferrari after replacing michael schumacher .  ferrari terminated raikkonen 's contract in 2009 to make way for alonso .  felipe massa leaves the italian team after eight year .
 chinese online game lets players fight japan over disputed islands <sec> first online game co-developed by the people 's liberation army allows players to fight japan .  in one level , players are asked to defend disputed diaoyu islands , known as senkaku in japan .  game developer gu kai says the game targets nationalistic youths in hopes of recruiting the .
 bono says he 's worried he may never play guitar again <sec> the singer posted a blog entry on u2 's site .  he was involved in a bicycle crash in november .  he said he 's working hard to recover before his band 's tou .
 8 arrested in ferguson protests <sec> details emerge in officer 's shooting over the weekend .  those arrested charged with failure to disperse and resisting arrest , police say .  police : only one of the eight people arrested was from ferguson .  city has been the site of protests since michael brown fatally shot last mont .
 hackers show how to protect your iphone <sec> hackers give advice on how to protect your iphone .  tips came at the infiltrate security conferenc .
 ex-nfl star darren sharper charged with sexual assault in arizona <sec> former nfl pro bowler darren sharper is charged with two rapes in tempe , arizona .  prosecutors say he used drugs during the alleged incident in november .  he is also charged with two rapes in california , accused of two others in new orleans .  his attorneys have said any sex he had with his accusers was consensua .
 military confirms rpg downed helicopter in afghanistan , killing 38 <sec> centcom report finds no fault in mission 's planning , execution or forces .  `` no evidence of a pre-planned ambush , '' centcom says in statement .  17 u.s. navy seals were among the 38 killed in the august 6 attac .
 court : jared loughner can refuse anti-psychotic medication <sec> jared lee loughner no longer has to take anti-psychotic medication , a court says .  the defendant has also been diagnosed as schizophrenic , prosecutors say .  loughner 's attorneys say forcing him to take strong drugs violates his rights .  loughner is accused of shooting u.s. rep. gabrielle giffords and several other .
 thailand protests targeted ; 4 dead , dozens wounded <sec> new : thailand 's army chief says military will not step into current political crisis .  the death toll from sunday 's bombing rises after a 6-year-old girl dies .  dozens are wounded in attacks on anti-government protesters over the weekend .  u.n. secretary-general offers to help `` in any way possible .
 search under way for missing california child <sec> new : the suspect and the mother of the missing child reportedly had a disagreement .  the child , jeremy guthrie , is 4 years old .  he was abducted friday morning from a shelter in atascadero , california .  police are searching for a suspect who was also staying at the shelte .
 what your heart needs , at every age <sec> heart disease is the number-one killer of women in the us : 8 million have it .  you can take specific steps to protect your heart starting at an early age .  reduce stress and anger , exercise and keep waist under 35 inches .  dietary tips include cutting out trans fats , adding more fiber , fish and flaxsee .
 former 'america 's next top model ' contestant killed <sec> former `` america 's next top model '' contestant mirjana puhar was found dead tuesday .  her body was found along with two others in a charlotte , north carolina , home .  a suspect has been arrested and charged with three counts of first-degree homicid .
 15 cool gifts for travelers <sec> gopro 's new hero4 silver features a hilight tag to mark key moments for playback and editing .  doug lansky 's new `` travel : the guide '' punctures travel pretensions and myths .  the bike-powered siva cycle atom battery charger converts revolutions into gadget juic .
 australia legend gilchrist to retire <sec> new : adam gilchrist to retire from cricket at end of this australian summer .  the wicketkeeper set new world record of 414 test dismissals on friday .  he has played 96 tests for australia and 277 one-day internationals .  australia reached 322-3 on third day of final test against india , gilchrist 's las .
 man touted 'viewing party ' of secret footage before rutgers student 's suicide <sec> new : dharun ravi 's lawyer says he was very cooperative with investigators .  prosecutors say ravi spied and intimidated his roommate , who later killed himself .  ravi messaged his webcam would show the roommate 's encounter with a man .  the defense notes ravi texted the next day that the `` viewing party '' plan was `` a joke .
 voodoo dances and mystic trances : five african festivals to see <sec> africa rich cultural diversity means its festivals are colorful , cultural and varied .  the festivals celebrate everything from rose harvests to religious saints .  tourists increasingly visiting festivals such as maralal camel derby , in keny .
 are the oscars stuck in the past ? <sec> `` the artist , '' a nostalgic film , won a number of academy awards .  john anderson : film industry , which is in trouble , chose to cast itself as profoundly passã© .  he says that unchanging taste gave last night 's oscars show a stale air .  anderson : hollywood 's embrace of the past is rooted in fear of an uncertain futur .
 georgia police officer killed in 'ambush ' <sec> a second officer was shot in the hip , but suffered no injuries .  `` the bullet went through -- the radio saved him , '' fulton police chief cassandra jones say .
 third obamacare architect video emerges - cnnpolitics.com <sec> economist jonathan gruber is considered one of the architects of the affordable care act .  a series of videos of gruber show him suggesting voters were fooled into backing the law .  gruber said tuesday on msnbc that he regretted his previous comment .
 opinion : u.s. dental care is best in the world <sec> a dentist in oklahoma has put up to 7,000 patients at risk for serious infections .  james hanley : despite this case , dental care in the u.s. is among the best in the world .  he says dental community and schools put emphasis on infection control and safety .  hanley : dentists have an admirable record of providing high-quality care in the u.s .
 tourism boom threatens china 's heritage sites <sec> china has 43 world heritage sites , the most of any country .  some sites struggle to cope with boom in domestic tourism .  chinese made 2.6 billion trips last year as more have money to travel .  fears emerge that economic development may clash with heritage preservatio .
 obama pleased with nato allies ' pledges of afghan support <sec> new : obama says nato meeting `` very productive '' .  new : `` i 'm confident that we took a substantial step forward , '' obama says .  nato allies contributing combat troops , trainers to afghanistan .  ceremony marks france 's return as a full nato membe .
 five of the world 's most opulent villas <sec> a stocked wine cellar and in-house ski and boot fittings are provided at elisa in aspen , colorado .  shogun is on mustique , an island already famous for its over-the-top exclusivity .  pezula private castle is an elite hideaway set into a cliff overlooking a south african beac .
 suspect in custody after barricading himself in maryland tv station <sec> suspect in custody after slamming into tv station .  unidentified man was watching the ordeal on the local news when arrested .  the truck used in the crash was reported stolen earlier tuesday , police said .  maryland tv station evacuated after truck slams through lobb .
