 bangkok calm the morning after thailand 's coup was announced <sec> not much of a military presence on the streets of thailand 's capital .  soldiers only in evidence around key military buildings such as defense ministry .  protest camps -- yellow shirt and red shirt -- have now emptie .
 protests turn violent in egypt ahead of vote on constitution <sec> protesters threw rocks at police , who tear-gassed the protesters in alexandria , egypt .  clashes come day before second round of voting on controversial constitution .  the protesters included those for and against president mohamed mors .
 juror dismissed in aaron hernandez murder trial <sec> judge rules there is credible evidence juror talked about case .  bristol county superior court judge susan garsh dismisses a female juror .  former nfl star aaron hernandez has pleaded not guilty in the death of odin lloy .
 want to be a leader ? act like one <sec> dianna booher explains key habits , skills , and characteristics of true leaders .  commit to what you communicate , and follow through , says booher . .  `` delivering the goods attracts attention and demands respect , '' she add .
 virginia puts woman to death by lethal injection <sec> teresa lewis , 41 , died thursday night by lethal injection .  death penalty opponents had asked virginia 's governor for clemency .  lewis met earlier with family members , spiritual adviser .  she was sentenced in the slayings of her husband , stepso .
 380 million eggs recalled over possible salmonella tainting <sec> recall adds to recall announced last week .  eggs are from iowa 's wright county egg .  company says it is cooperating with fda investigation to find sourc .
 lawmakers : nasa watchdog lacks bite , needs to go <sec> lawmakers say nasa watchdog ca n't be trusted to oversee $ 1b in stimulus funds .  government reports say nasa inspector general is too closely tied to the agency .  ig robert cobb `` thought he was supposed to be the lap dog , '' congressman says .  cobb declined two requests to speak with cnn for this repor .
 southeast braces for winter storm packing snow , wind and ice <sec> new : snow , ice and freezing temperatures are expected across the southeastern u.s . .  new : weather conditions in atlanta could impact air travel across the country .  the storm is expected to begin hitting the area late sunday .  airlines are monitoring the forecast ahead of the stor .
 big tobacco down but not snuffed out <sec> president obama signs bill putting tobacco under fda legislation .  the bill is a win for philip morris , anti-tobacco advocate says .  grandson of r.j. reynolds founder : bill marks `` diminished clout '' of tobacco lobb .
 on mars , curiosity rover has done a lot in a long year <sec> curiosity has been on mars for one martian year -- 687 days .  it discovered right off the bat that mars could have hosted life .  the rover broke a wheel late last year but is still hobbling along .  it has taken thousands of photos and analyzed numerous sample .
 'static kill ' under way in effort to seal gulf oil well <sec> new : bp representative aboard q4000 says static kill proceeding smoothly .  senior vp wells says static kill could take hours or days .  move is biggest development since well was capped in mid-july .  static kill operation follows `` textbook '' injectivity tes .
 2 gonzaga students on probation for using gun to fend off intruder <sec> 2 gonzaga university students say they used a gun to scare off an intruder .  the man who tried to get into their apartment -- a convicted felon -- was caught .  having guns is a violation of gonzaga policy ; the 2 could have been expelled .  they are on probation instead ; their lawyer says they 'll appeal this decisio .
 points joins in 'dufnering ' craze after houston open win <sec> golfers gripped by desire to `` dufner '' .  twitter craze prompted by picture of jason dufner looking slouched and disinterested at charity event .  rory mcilroy , bubba watson , luke donald , dustin johnson , brandt snedeker and keegan bradley are all `` dufnering '' .  d.a . .  points celebrated his win at the houston open by posing for the cameras with his best `` dufnering '' impressio .
 wynonna judd 's husband hurt in bike crash <sec> judd and husband `` cactus '' moser were riding separate bikes when he crashed .  `` moser collided with an oncoming vehicle , '' singer 's statement says .  judd postpones canada shows next week .  `` i love him deeply and i will not leave his side , '' wynonna judd say .
 retail therapy : can japan enjoy shopping again ? <sec> sales of wedding rings went up in japan after the tsunami in march .  vogue japan editor says people looking for more meaning from purchases .  trend analyst suggests disaster only reinforced consumer trends .  sales of perfume also went up post-earthquake as they are an inconspicuous purchas .
 israeli airstrikes kill 16 in gaza , palestinians say <sec> new : sixteen palestinians killed sunday , ministry of health says .  new : some 117 rockets were fired at israel on sunday , israel says .  israel targets hamas financial leader , military says .  egypt destroys five tunnels under border with gaz .
 profile : lionel messi <sec> lionel messi has already helped barca to the la liga and copa del rey titles .  21-year-old the top scorer in this season 's champions league with eight goals .  messi seen as the natural heir-apparent to argentine legend diego maradon .
 daly tames 'brutal ' conditions in qatar as fernandez-castaño leads <sec> gonzalo fernandez-castano leads the qatar masters on six-under-par .  spaniard one shot ahead of american john daly as sandstorms affect day one .  daly describes conditions at the doha golf club as `` brutal '' .  jason day and k.j . .  choi tied on four-under with five players a further shot bac .
 amazing success fueled by act of discrimination <sec> paralyzed auto mechanic 's life transformed by americans with disabilities act .  gary talbot describes rise from a horrific car wreck to transit executive .  on first day in town as transit exec , bus driver wo n't pick him up because of his wheelchair .  talbot will celebrate ada 's 20th anniversary at the white house on monda .
 hagel unlike iraq , afghans 'want us here ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> defense secretary chuck hagel made his fourth and final trip to afghanistan this weekend .  hagel said unlike in iraq , afghanistan officials want a continued us troop presence .  nearly 11,000 u.s. troops will remain in afghanistan in the beginning of 201 .
 google named most reputable company in u.s . <sec> google has topped a harris poll of the most reputable companies in the u.s . .  technology companies dominated the top of the list .  among the others were apple ( no . .  5 ) , intel ( no . .  6 ) , amazon ( no . .  8 .
 china bans television ads for bling <sec> china 's luxury ad ban targets country 's widening wealth disparity .  luxury ads 'publicized incorrect values ' , says china 's tv watchdog .  share prices of luxury companies fell after china announcement .  ad ban latest in series of decisions pushing low-key lifestyle for communist member .
 eight missing as cargo ships collide outside of tokyo bay <sec> vessels collide outside of tokyo bay , one sunk .  12 crew members of beagle iii rescued , one confirmed dead in japanese hospital .  eight chinese crew members remain missin .
 18 stranded in new mexico 'ghost town ' amid flooding <sec> 18 stranded when town 's only road is washed away .  mogollon billed as `` the ghost town that refuses to die '' .  new mexico declared a statewide disaster last wee .
 real estate heir robert durst arrested <sec> wealthy new yorker robert durst is jailed in louisiana and will be extradited to los angeles .  durst was arrested in new orleans on saturday night .  he 's accused in the cold-case killing of his longtime friend susan berman in 2000 , la police sai .
 source : 2011 slaying of tamerlan tsarnaev 's friend revisited <sec> tamerlan tsarnaev 's friend and sparring partner was killed in 2011 .  the friend , brendan mess , and two others had their throats slit .  source : the crime is being reviewed by `` wider group of eyes .
 vodka ad draws anti-rape controversy <sec> `` unlike some people , belvedere always goes down smoothly , '' the ad 's caption says .  belvedere vodka exec calls the ad `` absolutely inconsistent with our values '' .  vodka company vows to investigate how it was posted .  anti-rape group accepts belvedere 's apology and donatio .
 opinion : millennial women are leaning in and stepping up <sec> new pew research study shows millennial women face narrowest pay gap on record .  shelby knox : until women are paid the same as men , we will never be truly equal .  75 % of millennial women believe more change is needed to combat workplace inequality .  knox : millennial women might be the generation to make workplaces equa .
 libyan rape accuser eman al-obeidy arrives in romania <sec> al-obeidy was deported from qatar last week .  she was on her way to malta on sunday , a source said .  she was reportedly beaten before being deported back to benghazi last wee .
 bobby chinn : asia 's high-octane chef <sec> half chinese , half egyptian , chinn made his name as a chef in vietnam .  worked on wall street and as a stand-up comic before becoming a chef .  has published cook books and has own cookery show called 'world cafe asia .
 shrek coming soon to produce aisle near you <sec> vidalia onion committee to place cutouts of shrek in grocery stores .  industry officials say it 's good if it means children eat more vegetables .  popeye , disney characters have also done partnerships with produce companie .
 american killed in afghanistan a 'passionate believer ' <sec> atlanta native thor hesla , 45 , died monday in suicide bombing of kabul hotel .  in e-mail to friends , he said afghan capital had `` astonishing beauty '' .  memorials planned for u.s. contractor in d.c. and hometown of atlanta .  taliban claims attack which killed seven at hotel frequented by westerner .
 icy wall of water traps 'horrified ' motorists <sec> new : `` a gush of water came along with boulders and parts of trees , '' woman says .  rescue crews work to free people trapped in cars by water main break .  helicopter used to pluck several people from car .  road in suburban washington floods after 60-inch pipe break .
 ali landry welcomes a son <sec> ali landry and her husband welcomed their second child saturday .  marcelo alejandro was 8 lbs and 21 inches long at birth .  landry and monteverde , 34 , also have a daughter , 4-year-old estel .
 character witnesses speak on murray 's behalf <sec> new : dr. murray sheds tears as heart patient testifies .  murray `` is the best doctor i 've ever seen , '' a former heart patient says .  character witnesses testify for dr. murray 's defense wednesday .  the defense will call two medical experts before resting thursday or frida .
 researchers hope to uncover who 's behind the 'mona lisa ' smile <sec> dna testing planned for remains of woman thought to be the model for the iconic painting .  from that , italian researchers hope to reconstruct the model 's face .  former tv producer says he 's sure that a portrait of lisa gherardini was commissioned .  but , he says , he is not sure that leonardo da vinci 's painting is completely of he .
 cma awards big night for shelton , lambert and swift <sec> blake shelton and wife miranda lambert are named male and female vocalist of the year .  george strait wins entertainer of the year .  taylor swift receives the pinnacle award .  co-hosts brad paisley and carrie underwood mock obamacare in ski .
 pelosi : boehner , mcconnell got time covers , but i never did <sec> pelosi pointed out thursday that she 's never been on the cover of time magazine .  she said her republican counterparts have been on prominent magazine covers .  pelosi , who has been in congress 27 years , was asked if she 'd consider stepping dow .
 can 'fan power ' save cash-strapped f1 team ? <sec> cash strapped caterham appeals to f1 fans to fund its team .  has set target of £2.35m ( £3.76m ) to participate in final race of season .  minnows caterham and marussia have gone into administration .  f1 supremo bernie ecclestone criticizes caterham 's approac .
 famu 's band director steps down amid hazing death controversy <sec> famu 's band director steps down after 40 years .  board of trustees plan to meet next week to discuss band 's fate .  famu drum major robert champion died after a november hazing incident .  thirteen people have been charged in his deat .
 obama open to new approaches in drug war , but not legalization <sec> new : colombia 's president says it is unthinkable if cuba is n't at the next summit .  new : santos adds the summit can be a `` starting point '' for talks on illicit drugs .  obama says debate is fine , but insists legalization is n't an option in the u.s . .  the united states wants strong relations with latin america , obama say .
 dotcom to launch next mega venture : a political party <sec> megaupload founder kim dotcom launches a political party in new zealand .  his party needs at least 5 % of the vote or a constituency win to get into parliament .  there is no clear front-runner for the vote , expected to take place at the end of the year .  he is also launching an album at his birthday bash on january 2 .
 republicans upset with obama 's regime change remarks <sec> new : richardson says he was satisfied with the president 's remarks .  new : cleaver says he is glad the united states will play a supporting role .  sen. john mccain says the regime change remarks are `` puzzling '' .  giuliani says obama made things `` murkier than before .
 hong kong tycoon 's lesbian daughter asks him to accept who she is <sec> gigi chao writes an open letter to her father that is published in local papers .  in 2012 , he offered a huge dowry to any man who married her .  a malaysian newspaper reported this month that he is willing to double the offer .  but his daughter urges him to accept her sexuality and her longtime female partne .
 netiquette : saying farewell <sec> netiquette columnists sign off with digital farewell tips .  do n't start posting about new jobs until old one 's done .  mass e-mails are good when you 're moving out of town .  when wrapping a netiquette column , take a bow and move o .
 tinted prejudice in china <sec> non-white foreigners living in china report more instances of prejudice .  african americans report greater difficulty getting cabs , suspicions of criminal behavior .  study : chinese perceptions have improved since election of u.s. president barack obama .  the signing of celebrated black athletes to chinese teams is also improving relation .
 grand jury says no charges in texas train wreck that killed 4 veterans <sec> grand jury decides not to charge anyone , prosecutor says .  but families on a parade float are suing railroad and owner of truck pulling float , a law firm says .  four veterans were killed and more than a dozen people were injured when train hit float .  accident happened during `` hunt for heroes '' parade to honor u.s. serviceme .
 laos crash turns spotlight on asia 's aviation boom <sec> concerns grow over safety amid south east asia budget carrier boom .  newcomers to the market such as laos , cambodia and myanmar have creaking infrastructure .  myanmar is attempting to catch up with an exponential growth in its tourism numbers .  analysts say indonesia is leading the region in the budget carrier boo .
 protesters rally across france over pension reforms <sec> new : fuel line from refineries to paris airports is back on .  tens of thousands protest in paris alone , police say .  demonstrators oppose the government raising retirement age .  fuel fears arise as refinery workers join strike .
 crews dealt setback in placing containment dome in gulf oil spill <sec> new : bp officials considering `` junk shot '' of trying to clog blowout container with material .  crystals accumulated inside containment dome , rendering it ineffective .  dome moved to side of wellhead while crews work to overcome the challenge , bp ceo says .  effort to place dome over well 5,000 feet underwater never been tried at such a dept .
 rocker inspired by cancer fight <sec> andrew mcmahon is the lead singer for jack 's mannequin .  singer was diagnosed with leukemia during first headlining tour .  he created dear jack foundation to raise awareness of cancer .  the band has since released `` the glass passenger .
 california to challenge order to release 10,000 inmates by year 's end <sec> gov . .  jerry brown will seek a stay of what he calls `` unprecedented '' court order .  a federal court orders prison population to fall to 137.5 % of capacity .  original lawsuits were filed when overcrowding was at 202 % of capacity .  federal court ruling threatens california with contempt but defers actio .
 tense turkey pushes critics to fringes <sec> this week , turkey was gripped by a massive power outage and a deadly hostage crisis .  reactions reveal contemporary turkey is tense and confused after years of political crises .  censorship has pushed critics to fringes in country cited as democratic model for mideas .
 california 's death penalty ruled unconstitutional <sec> if appealed , no executions can take place -- even if death penalty moratorium ends .  california attorney general 's office says she is reviewing the decision .  ernest d. jones was sentenced to death for raping , killing girlfriend 's mother .  a federal judge said the lengthy period he has waited since sentencing violates the constitutio .
 opinion : when the audience paddles up to the play <sec> bob greene : a theater troupe put on a play at various spots along 8 miles of minnesota river .  he says audience travels to scenes by canoe , pulls up to bank to watch from the river .  he says creators of play want to deliver a sense of place to audiences .  greene : like `` waiting for guffman , '' play celebrates community sweetly , sincerel .
 6.3-magnitude earthquake strikes off indonesia <sec> the quake rattles a remote swath of sea between the pacific and indian oceans .  it is 9 kilometers deep and was centered 212 miles from saumlaki , indonesia .  no tsunami warnings or advisories are immediately issue .
 5 injured after firearms go off at ohio , n.c. , indiana gun shows <sec> new : a man shoots business partner with a gun he bought at an ohio show , police say .  a shotgun goes off as its owner unfastens its case at a n.c. gun show , wounding 3 .  1 man shoots himself with his semi-automatic in indiana , police say .  all three shootings are deemed accidental by authoritie .
 in-form wilson wins phoenix open playoff for second title of year <sec> mark wilson wins phoenix open after playoff victory over fellow american jason dufner .  wilson holes birdie putt at second extra hole for fourth career pga tour win .  wilson took season-opening sony open and leads money list .  martin larid of scotland and fiji 's vijay singh share thir .
 officials : netanyahu to head to united states next month <sec> israel 's prime minister will attend an aipac conference in washington .  the trip comes as tensions mount between israel and iran over iran 's nuclear problem .  speculation is swirling over whether israel may bomb iran to slow nuclear efforts .  israel 's defense minister appoints a new air force chie .
 toronto police : floating suitcase had human remains <sec> police in touch with other departments .  torso of toronto-area woman is missing .  boaters on lake ontario in canada bring a suitcase to shore .  the suitcase contains human remains , police sa .
 prejean settles lawsuits with miss california usa pageant <sec> pageant dropped lawsuit demanding carrie prejean repay $ 5,200 for her breast implants .  prejean , in exchange , withdrew suit accusing pageant of violating her privacy .  suit had said pageant confirmed to reporters that prejean 's breasts were fak .
 twitter unveils new profile page design <sec> twitter unveils a new profile page .  updates rolling out to all users in the coming weeks .  michelle obama among first to get the new profile desig .
 congo 's erupting volcano boosts tourism <sec> virunga national park in the drc is inviting tourists on overnight treks to see an erupting volcano .  eight volcanoes are found in the vicinity of the national park but only two are currently active .  surrounding wildlife , like the endangered mountain gorillas , are out of harm 50 km awa .
 gladiators ready ? nfl vs. rugby sevens <sec> miles craigwell plays rugby sevens for the united states .  he was drafted by nfl team miami dolphins after college .  craigwell failed to make the grade and took up rugby instead .  u.s. welcomes sevens circuit to las vegas in januar .
