 greeks voice frustration as world holds its breath for election <sec> ratings agency fitch downgrades greece 's long-term credit rating .  `` we do n't have any hope for our lives , '' a university student says .  the european central bank stops providing cheap loans to some greek banks .  greece 's political instability raises doubt about whether it will stay in the eurozon .
 u.s. increases embassy security worldwide after libya attack <sec> new : two u.s. navy warships are moving toward the libyan coast , u.s. officials say .  united states boosts security after killing of ambassador to libya .  marines head to libya to help secure u.s. interests there .  not possible to eliminate all risk surrounding diplomacy , former envoy say .
 state-of-the-art military planes vie for air supremacy in middle east <sec> latest military planes were on show at dubai airshow .  u.s. and european companies looking to expand sales in the region .  certain trade restrictions and increased competition make deals more difficul .
 international court to handle kenya post-election violence <sec> violence in early 2008 killed more than 1,000 , displaced hundreds of thousands .  kenya promised to set up tribunal to try the perpetrators , but has missed deadline .  international criminal court says it will prosecute those most responsible .  `` kenya will be a world example on managing violence , '' top court official say .
 teen arrested after shining laser in pilot 's eyes <sec> the incident occurred as a pilot approached los angeles international airport .  nobody was injured in the accident , faa say .
 classic 1960s song 's organist wins royalties battle <sec> matthew fisher sued former procol harum bandmate gary brooker .  fisher was seeking share of royalties for `` a whiter shade of pale '' .  lower court had ruled in his favor in 2006 , but another partly overturned ruling in 200 .
 review : 'ice age ' might want to chill with the sequels <sec> `` ice age : continental drift '' is the fourth movie in the series .  reviewer says the formula is getting stale .  ray romano , john leguizamo and denis leary voice the main character .
 young woman dies after off-campus shooting in new jersey <sec> woman was a sophomore at seton hall university .  four others were wounded .  police say they will work around the clock to solve case .  person left residence and returned with handgun , seton hall say .
 unesco lists nanjing massacre , comfort women <sec> japan tried to register kamikaze pilots ' wills with unesco in february .  now china says they have registered records of 'comfort women ' recruitment .  unesco 's memory of the world program protects important historical documents .  japan , china relations strained over ownership of east china sea islets , japanese wartime aggressio .
 poll : big-time sports warp school priorities <sec> poll : only 24 % feel programs like oregon , ohio state find academic-athletic balance .  3 of 4 of those polled say competitive pressure of sports warps school priorities .  scandals , graduation rates indicate american fans understand reality , expert say .
 robert downey jr. 's son faces felony drug charge <sec> indio falconer downey was arrested during a west hollywood traffic stop in june .  the elder downey had much-publicized issues with drug addiction in the 1990s .  `` there 's a genetic component to addiction and indio has likely inherited it , '' actor 's rep say .
 grandfather returns home after months in mexican jail <sec> 88-year-old from washington state spent two months in jail .  his son remains imprisoned after disagreement over photos .  older man caught flu in jail , spent time recuperating in arizon .
 palestinian statehood goes to u.n. admissions panel <sec> the u.n. security council sent the application to its admissions committee .  the committee is slated to meet friday .  the united states , however , has promised to veto the bi .
 muslim group rallies against nyc police commissioner <sec> the group wants police commissioner ray kelly to resign .  they say documentary teaches police officers to suspect muslims as terrorists .  the film was screened during a terrorism training course , according to documents .  commissioner apologizes , says film 's airing on nypd property was unauthorize .
 africa 's mobile web revolution fueled by cheap phones <sec> most people in africa access the web through a mobile phone .  the continent 's broadband growth is increasing at twice the global average rate .  a host of mobile-based start-ups have exploited this by offering services from banking to farmin .
 lady gaga suffers 'show injury , ' postpones tour for a week <sec> `` i 've been hiding a show injury and chronic pain for sometime now , '' lady gaga says .  gaga suffers from synovitis , a severe inflammation of joints , her tweets say .  `` after last nights performance i could not walk and still ca n't , '' she tweeted .  chicago , detroit and hamilton , ontario , shows are postpone .
 pitino could be 10 days from history <sec> louisville basketball coach rick pitino has 660 college-level victories and 192 with the nba .  pitino 's top-seeded cardinals play 12th-seeded oregon friday in the sweet 16 .  pitino , 60 , on his 34-year career : `` i want to coach until 70 and beyond '' .  louisville is on a 12-game winning strea .
 time to crack down on big tobacco <sec> matthew myers : high court upholds racketeering ruling on big tobacco , which lied to public .  myers says it 's time to fund education and stop-smoking campaigns .  tobacco industry spends $ 35 million daily to market its deadly products , myers writes .  big tobacco undermines laws to control it , he says , so it 's urgent to impose remedie .
 u.s. closes investigation into border shooting of mexican teen <sec> the decision was denounced by the mexican ministry of foreign affairs .  family 's lawsuit against the u.s. government was thrown out last year .  doj says investigation did n't find evidence to pursue charges against agen .
 do n't stereotype hispanic america <sec> ruben navarrette : do n't stereotype hispanic americans .  he says thursday marks beginning of hispanic heritage month .  people ask which candidates are going to get the hispanic vote ? .  navarrette : america 's 50 million hispanics are n't a single blo .
 what 's kim jong un up to ? <sec> is the rhetoric meant to boost the north korean leader 's appeal ? .  he thrives on political theater .  will he be adventurous or cautious ? .  he 's still an `` unknown quantity .
 wackenhut aids inquiry into its afghanistan contractor <sec> armorgroup 's private guards accused of mistreatment , sexual activity , intimidation .  armorgroup contracts to protect the u.s. embassy in afghanistan .  watchdog group reports problems at nonmilitary camp for the embassy guards .  wackenhut says it is `` fully cooperating '' with embassy investigatio .
 astana : the world 's weirdest capital city <sec> astana became capital of kazakhstan in 1997 .  city is becoming known for striking modern architecture .  president of kazakhstan has played large role in shaping the capita .
 time running out for korean 'comfort women ' <sec> about 200,000 `` comfort women '' were believed to have been forced into sexual slavery .  one ngo has staged weekly protests outside japanese embassy in seoul for 20 years .  tokyo maintains its legal liability for the wrongdoing was cleared by a treaty signed in 196 .
 army recalls 16,000 body armor sets amid testing dispute <sec> secretary of the army disagrees with defense report citing flawed test procedures .  recall represents only about 1.6 percent of the 1.9 million sets in use since 2001 .  army and inspector general at odds over a testing step called `` first article testing .
 divorce 'rehearsal ' saves marriage <sec> akilah and kris bickered over everything shortly after they married in 2002 .  when faced with a problem , akilah preferred to talk ; kris would try to drop the subject .  while rehearsing divorce talks for daughters , couple explored relationship .  learning to understand each others ' feelings saved their unio .
 rand paul backs obama on cuba <sec> sen. rand paul says he agrees with president barack obama that the cuban embargo has n't worked .  paul 's position is the opposite of other potential gop 2016 candidates , like sen. marco rubio and former florida gov . .  jeb bus .
 after deadly run-in , tony stewart opts out of race <sec> tony stewart fatally struck dirt-track driver kevin ward jr. last weekend .  authorities are investigating , but no charges have been filed in the case .  race team : stewart wo n't be in the next sprint cup race , but he may return .  the announcement comes the same day as ward 's funeral in new york stat .
 arkansas man found dead in tub 'easily influenced , ' family says <sec> new : cummins is `` secure in his own innocence , '' his lawyer says .  `` dex had a very loving but trusting heart , '' dexter williams ' family says in a statement .  `` anyone who knew him would agree that he was easily influenced , '' it says .  williams , 24 , was found dead in a hot tub next to a sleeping weatherma .
 new drugs could drop cholesterol to extreme lows <sec> drugs suppress a gene that regulates how much cholesterol liver filters out .  studies show people with low levels of pcsk9 have low levels of ldl cholesterol .  pharmaceutical companies are working to get these drugs approved by the fd .
 senate passes debt-ceiling plan in blow to tea party - cnnpolitics.com <sec> senate also approves measure to repeal cuts to military pension benefits .  12 republicans join democrats to defeat a filibuster bid by sen. ted cruz .  under the measure , no debt ceiling showdown until 2015 at the earliest .  obama signals he 'll sign bill , says he hopes it ends `` politics by brinkmanship .
 winter 'flashpackers ' prepare to invade hostels <sec> `` flashpackers '' are professionals older than 30 who prefer hostels to hotels .  hostels in new york , washington and san diego , california , report increased guests .  sense of community is the `` heart of hostelling , '' expert says .  many americans uncomfortable with hostels ' lack of privac .
 opinion : veterans deserve services , not political posturing <sec> nick mccormick : death benefits were cut off to families of the fallen .  he says a temporary fix does n't fully undo impact of the partial government shutdown .  members of congress rush to denounce cuts in veterans ' services to score pr points .  mccormick : what we need is action to end shutdown , not political posturin .
 f-16 crash : pilot 's remains found in gulf <sec> an f-16 crashed during a training mission over gulf of mexico , the air force says .  the jet was based at florida 's tyndall air force bas .
 the masters : six stories to follow <sec> cnn world sport takes a look at six potential storylines ahead of the 2014 masters .  rory mcilroy and adam scott dominate most of the buildup to augusta tournament .  could the season 's first golf major throw up the masters ' first asian winner ? .  masters runs from april 10-14 at world famous augusta national golf clu .
 biden visits honduras amid drug legalization debate <sec> new : central american leaders will debate drug legalization on march 24 .  joe biden says he supports debate over drug legalization , but u.s. wo n't change stance .  the vice president says the u.s. shares responsibility for security problems in the region .  guatemala 's president has said he supports decriminalization measure .
 how to enjoy a honeymoon spot without a honey <sec> it 's easy to accidentally wind up in a popular honeymoon spot while traveling .  hit the spa , do some yoga or swim , author suggests .  there 's nothing better than getting to know a place by hanging out with locals .  author : come prepared with board games , ipod music , etc .
 auto industry revs up recovery on spain <sec> ford , renault and volkswagen expanding production in spain because of cheaper labor costs .  this month , nissan barcelona received $ 178 million in investment to produce 80,000 cars .  according to the oecd , spain 's labor costs have dropped almost 5 % percent from 2009 to 201 .
 'magic rabbit ' nears extinction in china <sec> there are less than 1000 ili pikas in existence , says li weidong .  it was photographed for the first time in two decades last yea .
 boy scouts to consider lifting ban on openly gay youths <sec> under proposed rules , boy scouts would not exclude youths for sexual orientation .  the scouts would maintain a ban on openly gay adult leaders under the proposal .  the proposal is expected to be presented to the boy scouts ' voting members in may .  if the policy is approved , it would take effect at the start of 201 .
 elephant caretaker crushed to death in maine <sec> jim laurita cared for two elephants on his property in maine .  authorities found the veterinarian dead tuesday morning in his barn .  death caused `` asphyxia and multiple fractures due to compression of the chest '' .  the two indian elephants are not suspected of `` aggressive behavior .
 weekend smackdown : miley vs. mall cop <sec> `` hannah montana : the movie '' opens this weekend , starring miley cyrus .  `` observe and report '' is `` hannah 's '' opposite : crude and cutting .  masters golf tournament ends sunda .
 in an emergency , who do you call ? <sec> emergency number 112 was introduced in 1991 , works in all eu member states .  a recent survey found only 24 percent of europeans are aware that it exists .  private companies provide 24-hour access to interpreters who can provide help .  tech-savvy travelers are using blogs , location and instant messaging tool .
 north korea concludes investigation into failed rocket launch <sec> a north korean rocket broke apart soon after take off last week .  pyongyang says experts have concluded their investigation into the failure .  it does n't give an explanation for why the launch failed .  the u.n. security council says the move was a `` serious violation '' of resolution .
 nondisabled job seekers taking jobs of disabled <sec> institute that places disabled employees says employers all but stopped calling .  labor statistics show 14 percent unemployment rate among disabled workers .  stimulus package allocates funds to aid disabled , but immediate help neede .
 bangladesh prime minister alleges arson in deadly factory fire <sec> new : bangladesh 's prime minister says arsonists were behind the deadly factory fire .  wal-mart cuts ties with a supplier that subcontracted work to the factory .  more than 100 people were killed in the blaze in bangladesh .  a day of mourning is scheduled for tuesda .
 an introduction to iranian cooking <sec> chelo kabab is considered the national dish of iran .  saffron , the world 's most expensive spice , is prevalent in iranian cooking .  the culinary traditions of iran date back centuries to the persian empir .
 why africans will be basketball stars of tomorrow <sec> africa `` the next big thing '' in basketball , says denver nuggets gm masai ujiri .  soccer talent on the continent was also untapped until academies were built .  young africans need more outdoor courts and indoor gyms , argues ujiri .  basketball without borders and giants of africa camp are helping but need suppor .
 dallas police chief 's son named suspect in officer 's shooting death <sec> new : police chief 's son also suspected in death of another man .  lancaster , texas , officer killed in suburban dallas shootout .  chief 's son also slain during exchange of gunfire with responding officer .
 katrina 'children ' share emotional stories of new orleans <sec> soledad o'brien and spike lee gave kids cameras in january .  one student 's neighbor was killed by a gunshot .  student may not go to chosen college as family 's money goes to rebuild hom .
 toyota making drastic production cuts after japan quake , tsunami <sec> production has been suspended on mondays and fridays .  it will run at 50 % on tuesday , wednesday and thursday .  production in u.s. , canada to be suspended in ma .
 monaco complete swoop for falcao <sec> radamel falcao signs for monaco after he was linked with , among others , real madrid .  falcao has scored 28 goals this season , helping atletico win the spanish cup .  earlier in may , monaco signed joao moutinho and james rodriguez for $ 100 millio .
 bayern set new bundesliga points record <sec> bayern munich beat freiburg 1-0 to overtake league points tally set by dortmund in 2012 .  bavarians now have 84 points from 31 games and stretch winning streak in league to 14 .  second-placed dortmund also win away at dusseldor .
 cnn student news - november 19 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 n.j. man accused of possession of explosives on train <sec> police say a new jersey man carried explosives on a commuter train .  mykyta panasenko was arrested a week after the alleged incident .  components of an explosive device were found at his home , police sa .
 disaster relief : obama , romney differ on federal role <sec> mitt romney surrogate chris christie praises president barack obama 's response to sandy .  the superstorm focuses attention on the role of government in disaster relief .  romney advocates a state-led approach , but his campaign promises enough funding .  obama emphasizes federal , state and local cooperatio .
 federal judge temporarily bars florida 's welfare drug-test law <sec> a judge issues a temporary injunction against enforcement of florida drug tests .  welfare applicants are supposed to undergo mandatory drug tests to get benefits .  a single father and the aclu say the new law is unconstitutional .  the florida governor champions the law , saying it creates `` personal accountability .
 'harry potter ' actor 's killer jailed for life <sec> the killer of `` harry potter '' actor jailed for life , must serve at least 20 years .  karl bishop , 22 , attacked rob knox with 2 knives in southeast london last may .  knife crime in britain is political hot topic due to spate of recent killing .
 referees union formally ratify contract with nfl <sec> nfl referees already returned to work in thursday night 's game .  saturday 's ratification was a formality , establishing an eight-year contract , the longest ever .  union refs ' salary will rise : $ 149k in 2001 to $ 173k in 2013 , topping out at $ 205k by 2019 .  the league will be allowed to hire additional referees so that they can be traine .
 kids with nut allergies feel teased , excluded <sec> families with food allergies often feel isolated , stigmatized , or unfairly excluded .  peanuts are the most common food trigger of life-threatening anaphylactic shock .  public awareness of food allergy in the u.s. has increase .
 norwegian hansen stripped of olympic bronze <sec> norwegian tony andre hansen is stripped of his olympic showjumping gold .  hansen 's horse horse tested positive for banned substance at beijing games .  the fourth-placed switzerland team have now been promoted to third positio .
 lewis hamilton sets the pace as formula one returns <sec> lewis hamilton sets the pace in practice ahead of the australian grand prix .  the mercedes driver failed to complete a lap in the morning session .  hamilton 's teammate nico rosberg was second fastest in melbourne .  the first race of the 2014 formula one season takes place at albert park on sunda .
 cold ? flu ? h1n1 ? how can you tell the difference ? <sec> seasonal flu , h1n1 and common cold will all be around this flu season .  without testing , a person ca n't tell seasonal flu from h1n1 flu .  the symptoms of both are more severe than cold symptoms and include fever .  expert : if you are having respiratory problems or are dehydrated , see your docto .
 report : renisha mcbribe 's blood alcohol level elevated before death <sec> detroit woman fatally shot after accident had blood alcohol level nearly three times the legal limit .  renisha mcbride also had marijuana in her system after fatal shooting .  wayne county prosecutor to make announcement on possible charge .
