 toronto mayor rob ford 's tv show canceled <sec> `` ford nation '' was canceled one day after it debuted on canada 's sun news network .  on monday , the toronto city council voted to strip ford of most of his powers .  the mayor has admitted to smoking crack in a `` drunken stupor .
 rape culture ? it 's too real ( opinion ) <sec> sally kohn : facts hazy on uva rape allegations , but victim-blaming is back in the mix .  she says poor rolling stone reporting gave some license to discredit notion of rape cultur .
 high-altitude wind machines could power nyc <sec> study : wind machines placed thousands of feet above new york could power the city .  enough wind energy exists at high altitudes to meet global demand 100 times over .  a kite-like device could transmit energy to generators that turn it into electricity .  startups are developing turbines , although they are still in the prototype stag .
 white powder alert at 16 u.s. embassies <sec> sixteen u.s. embassies in europe receive mail containing white powder .  tests show powder harmless in 15 cases ; results pending in 16th case .  u.s. embassy official in madrid : `` we know where the package is coming from .
 the new poland : a country transformed <sec> 20 years since poland 's solidarity movement defeated the communist party .  the new poland is a week of programming examining the transformation of poland .  culminates in autumn of change , a look at the events that led to the election .  fionnuala sweeney will anchor cnn 's live coverage from polan .
 can iraq 's geeks save the country ? <sec> hackerspaces have begun operating in baghdad and elsewhere in the middle east .  hackerspaces are open-access laboratories intended to promote entrepreneurship .  its members hope to generate tech solutions to some of the problems facing iraqi .
 opinion : do n't let larry summers lead the federal reserve <sec> larry summers is a top contender for the job of chairman of the federal reserve .  rick mcgahey : given summers ' track record , he is unlikely going to be a tough regulator .  he says summers supported deregulation of banks and higher pay for financial executives .  mcgahey : we need a fierce regulatory watchdog at the fed , not a lapdog of the bank .
 english premier league : controversy as liverpool back on top <sec> sunday 's 2-1 win at west ham puts liverpool back on top of english premier league .  captain steven gerrard scores two penalties in team 's ninth successive victory .  former liverpool striker andy carroll involved in controversy for west ham equalizer .  arsenal 's top-four hopes dented by 3-0 defeat away to liverpool 's city rivals everto .
 bruce jenner 's story deserves our attention <sec> lz granderson : it 's long past time to take a more mature view of transgendered people .  bruce jenner 's story challenges us to think and rethink , he say .
 human trafficking report drops 4 nations to lowest tier <sec> u.s. state department issues annual trafficking in persons report .  in thailand , migrants are being exploited in the commercial sex industry , report says .  report : venezuelan women and girls are often lured into prostitution with false job offers .  in malaysia , it says , migrants from other asian countries have been trapped in forced labo .
 cleveland kidnapper ariel castro sentenced to life , plus 1,000 years <sec> judge sentences castro to life in prison , plus 1,000 years .  ariel castro insists he 's not a `` violent sexual predator '' .  he swears he did n't beat the victims .  victim michelle knight reads impact statement to castr .
 capture solar power with your curtains <sec> solar-harvesting curtains could convert sunlight into power source for homes .  rechargeable batteries slot into hem , power downloaded to larger battery .  cheap to produce but not as efficient as traditional hard solar panels .  `` soft house '' curtain concept being expanded into plans for a `` soft city .
 putin on retiring : 'do n't count on that ' <sec> russian prime minister vladimir putin dismisses notion of retiring at town hall forum .  putin : `` common principles '' let him , president dmitry medvedev work well together .  putin calls george w. bush a `` very honest and nice person '' .  putin says it will take time to overcome global financial crisi .
 say it with roses : harvard prof sends gift to 911 caller <sec> henry gates sends flowers to office of woman who accidentally called police on him .  lucia whalen `` appreciated them very much , '' her secretary says .  whalen called 911 after woman told her she suspected break-in at gates ' home .  whalen drew criticism for making call ; says she 'd do it agai .
 reporter on murdoch 's sun arrested over stolen phones <sec> nick parker of the sun is suspected of gathering data from stolen cell phones .  the arrest comes after the first phone-hacking charges were filed last week .  david cameron ex-aide and murdoch confidant rebekah brooks deny the charges .  angelina jolie , brad pitt and paul mccartney are among alleged celebrity victim .
 who 's who in the hong kong protests ? <sec> protesters are occupying parts of hong kong for an eighth week .  police have cleared some barricades , chipping away at the protest sites .  many in hong kong oppose the protest .  china 's president has called the protests `` illegal .
 'hunch ' web site will make decisions for you <sec> cnn talks with caterina fake , founder of a web site that makes decisions .  hunch.com asks you questions and then suggests answers .  fake says hunch works best for informational problems , not emotional dilemmas .  fake 's philosophy : `` we know more in the collective than we do in the individual .
 dock labor disputes must end now ( opinion ) <sec> labor negotiations on west coast ports will have major economic impact if the dispute is n't settled soon .  thomas donohue : president obama can use his bully pulpit to ramp up the urgency on these talk .
 iran warns against expected anti-government protests <sec> protesters to be arrested and held until april if they disrupt state-sanctioned marches .  iran is this week celebrating the 31st anniversary of the islamic revolution .  marches are to commemorate the overthrow of the shah of iran .  reformist groups are urging opponents of the regime to stage non-violent protest .
 fourth victim dies from washington school attack <sec> andrew fryberg , 15 , was hospitalized after the october 24 shooting .  he died friday , two weeks after the shooting at marysville pilchuck high school .  he was cousins with gunman jaylen fryberg , who killed himsel .
 centenarian completes marathon , sets record <sec> singh is the oldest person to complete a marathon .  he totals eight completed marathons after starting at 89 .  singh was born in rural india in 1911 .  he took up running after the death of his wife and so .
 fashion week : from runway to closet <sec> fashion week brings together clothing buyers , designers and insiders .  what happens there affects the everyday consumer in subtle ways .  style , cut , color and pattern can jump from the runway into your closet .  fashion week events , say insiders , encourage creativity in addition to commerc .
 designer dna : should we be able to reprogram our genes ? <sec> we ask , to what extent should we be able to alter our own dna ? .  ray kurzweil : reprogramming dna could expand human potential .  human genetics alert says could lead to genetic discrimination , social issues .  what do you think ? .  post your views in the sound off box below .
 dominant vettel claims malaysian grand prix for red bull <sec> germany 's sebastian vettel wins malaysian grand prix for red bull .  reigning champion vettel has claimed the two opening races of 2011 season .  jenson button finishes second with nick heidfeld completing the podium .  new : lewis hamilton relegated to eighth spot after clash with fernando alons .
 ronaldinho leads atletico mineiro to copa libertadores triumph <sec> brazilian club atletico mineiro win the copa libertadores by beating paraguay 's olimpia .  former brazil striker ronaldinho leads mineiro to first major international title .  mineiro win via a penalty shoot out after the teams were locked at 2-2 after 90 minutes .  ronaldinho says mineiro 's triumph show he is n't finished as a playe .
 why did google bet $ 1 million on shweeb ? <sec> shweeb , a pedal-powered monorail , wins $ 1 million from google .  inventor pushes `` a system that would change the world '' .  google says shweeb could be a low-cost , eco-friendly solution to traffic woes .  but expert sees more potential in light-rail trains and plug-in hybrid car .
 hearing set for monday in lohan case <sec> arrest warrant was issued for actress lindsay lohan in beverly hills on friday .  warrant believed connected with possible probation violation , d.a . .  's office says .  lohan 's attorney blames misunderstanding .  actress was convicted of drunken driving in 200 .
 snapchat ceo 'mortified ' by leaked e-mails <sec> snapchat 's ceo apologizes for crude e-mails he sent while at stanford .  the messages insult women and encourage getting them drunk for sex .  evan spiegel , 23 , says he 's `` mortified '' by the e-mails .  snapchat is a photo-based messaging app with more than 30 million user .
 paris : city overview <sec> paris remains one of the most charming and beautiful cities in the world .  the center was rebuilt in the 19th century by baron haussman .  away from central paris , the suburbs have suffered rioting by angry youths .  modern paris is represented in avante-garde creations like the pompidou cente .
 rajoy storm blasts spanish bonds <sec> spanish , italian bond , stock markets tumbled monday , bringing rally to an abrupt halt .  investors pulled back amid a political bribery allegations in madrid .  nervousness in italy over general elections , as berlusconi staging electoral comebac .
 swollen missouri river spurs new evacuations <sec> new : official raises concern about projected high water flows .  about 250 people are affected by the latest orders and advisories .  a local official in northwestern missouri says the river has already topped a 1993 recor .
 travelers must 'say something ' <sec> the american public must be part of preventing terrorism , experts say .  `` soft targets '' like public transit systems need riders to report suspicious activity .  airports could still be made more secure , especially in areas before the checkpoint .
 obama , hu to talk economy , north korea <sec> new : obama to hold formal talks with chinese president hu jintao in beijing .  new : new u.s. poll shows split on whether chinese pose military threat .  obama tells students free flow of info a source of strength , despite sting .  united states imports billions of dollars in chinese products each yea .
 some voters 'purged ' from voter rolls <sec> kyla berry got a letter saying to vote , she must prove she 's a u.s. citizen .  she and others like her have been flagged for mismatched information .  experts say lists of people with mismatches are being purged from voter rolls .  cases like berry 's raise fears of potential vote suppression in crucial swing state .
 earth 's otherworldly landscapes <sec> ireporters share photos of earth with an otherworldly vibe .  check out our travel photo of the day galler .
 earthquake registering 3.8 strikes southern california <sec> new : usgs revises magnitude down from 4.1 to 3.8 .  `` it 's not on the san andreas fault . .  it 's located very close to it , '' seismologist say .
 can nicaragua deliver on huge potential ? <sec> nicaragua 's tourism industry is a big part of the economy .  while infrastructure is still rough in many places , the country offers some amazing attractions .  volcano boarding is one of the country 's unique tourism offering .
 hollywood eyes $ 70 zombie movie wowing cannes <sec> hollywood distributors have shown interest in zombie movie made for $ 70 .  helen grace pr for `` colin '' on the buzz around the film : `` we were almost fainting '' .  director marc price made film over 18 months while working at a taxi company .  what price spent $ 70 on : `` a crowbar and a couple of tapes , some tea and coffee .
 'the sing-off ' taps jewel as judge <sec> the singer will join as a judge .  she had previously served as an adviser on `` the voice '' .  the `` sing off '' had been shelved last year , but was revive .
 south african flanker kruger dies aged 39 <sec> former south african rugby world cup winner ruben kruger passes away .  the flanker dies aged 39 following a long battle with brain cancer .  kruger was named player of the year in 1995 , the year the springboks won the world cu .
 air travel stalls as blizzard bears down on new york , new england <sec> new : new york airports expected to remain closed until 4 p.m. monday .  new : amtrak resumes limited service between new york and boston .  new : airlines cancel 2,000 flights , stranding thousands of passengers .  the storm could dump as much as 30 inches of snow and include up to 80-mph gust .
 pakistan supreme court orders pm to face contempt hearing <sec> new : pakistan 's prime minister says that he will appear in court thursday .  new : he pushes back , saying the `` army and the judiciary ( must ) protect democracy '' .  yousuf raza gilani could be disqualified as prime minister if he is convicted .  judges accuse gilani of failing to pursue corruption case .
 how terry gilliam saved heath ledger 's final movie <sec> ledger died while shooting gilliam 's `` the imaginarium of doctor parnassus '' .  gilliam enlisted the help of ledger 's friends , including johnny depp .  gilliam on ledger , monty python and why filmmakers need `` mule-like stupidity .
 california bill to recognize some same-sex marriages <sec> bill requires california to recognize same-sex marriages performed in other states .  state will recognize marriages performed between june 16 and november 5 , 2008 .  ending date marks when proposition 8 was enacted .  state will recognize such marriages as `` unions ; '' bill angers those who voted for ba .
 which words does google instant blacklist ? <sec> there are some terms google 's new instant search feature wo n't work with .  team is trying to make sure that no one sees pornographic or violent results unless they want to .  `` bisexual '' and `` lesbian '' are among the restricted word .
 colombian rebel group releases 2 hostages <sec> the hostages released friday are a politician and a marine .  they are part of a group of five hostages rebels pledged to release as a humanitarian gesture .  colombia 's president accuses the farc of a `` double standard '' after two workers are kidnapped .  two more hostages are scheduled to be released sunda .
 rick warren and church tackle obesity <sec> pastor rick warren started a health plan addressing diet and fitness at church .  warren has shed 60 pounds in one year .  the daniel plan uses small groups to encourage healthier habit .
 massa upstages schumacher in f1 return <sec> michael schumacher makes impressive return to f1 in first day of official testing for 2010 .  seven-time world champion is third fastest in spain , racing 40 laps for mercedes .  ferrari 's felipe massa , making his comeback after six months out , is quickest in valencia .  world champion jenson button and mclaren teammate lewis hamilton sit out sessio .
 turkish gay pride march draws thousands <sec> istanbul sees its ninth annual gay pride parade .  `` we 're everywhere , get used to it , '' one sign read .  the march is the only one of its kind in a majority-muslim countr .
 terry 's car runs over chelsea steward <sec> england soccer star john terry drives into a club steward on tuesday night .  incident happens after chelsea 's champions league defeat by inter milan .  police initially reported that man broke his leg , but chelsea say he had bad bruising .  premier league dock bottom club portsmouth nine points for going into administratio .
 opinion : do we want to die tethered to a machine ? <sec> stephan mayer : critically ill for five weeks , mandela makes us think of how we want to die .  mayer : there 's an epidemic of people suffering as they die hooked up to machines .  he says we deny death , are scared , do n't want loved ones to go , allow medicine to prolong life .  mayer : one day you might need to decide when to allow someone you love to di .
 officials looking for hannah graham find human remains <sec> new : agency : search for hannah graham called off in light of `` recent evidence '' .  new : educator : sadness and hope that there will be closure in charlottesville .  hannah graham 's parents are informed ; the remains are still being id 'd .  the university of virginia student was last seen early on september 1 .
 newtown shooter 's father : he would have killed me 'in a heartbeat ' <sec> peter lanza said mental health professionals did n't see potential for violence .  `` it was crystal clear something was wrong '' by middle school .  father speaks about newtown for the first tim .
 flashpoints for obama 's crisis room <sec> israel-palestinians flared up again during the presidential transition period .  iraq and afghanistan and their role in the war on terror .  obama will need international help to battle the global financial meltdown .  how obama reacts to crises will define his presidenc .
 couple face capital murder charges in baby grace death <sec> grand jury upgrades charges against girl 's mother and mother 's husband .  presented new evidence , jury took just 3 minutes to vote for tougher charges .  riley ann sawyers , initially known as baby grace , was beaten to death .  prosecutors have n't decided whether to seek death penalty for coupl .
 nato probes possible afghan 'friendly fire ' deaths <sec> afghan defense ministry : seven afghan security forces died , afghan and international forces hurt .  occurred in badghis province in western afghanistan which borders turkmenistan .  nato forces launched a search in the region for two american paratroopers who went missing wednesda .
 anthony bourdain in jerusalem <sec> anthony bourdain travels to jerusalem , the west bank and gaza sunday on `` parts unknown '' .  the cnn host crossed between israeli-controlled and palestinian-controlled lands .  bourdain also explored the rich history , food and culture of the regio .
 ana ivanovic searches for winning formula ahead of australian open <sec> ana ivanovic has a new all-serbian team behind her for the first time .  the 26-year-old has parted company with a number of coaches in the past .  the serbian 's last grand slam success came at the french open in 2008 .  she is feeling confident about new season after finishing 2013 ranked 16t .
 ohio executes second inmate using single-drug method <sec> vernon smith , 37 , put to death with large dose of sodium thiopental .  three-drug method was halted after botched execution of another man .  one-drug method commonly used to euthanize animals .  smith was convicted of killing convenience store clerk in 199 .
 'batman v superman 's ' official title : who likes it ? <sec> the official title for the `` man of steel '' sequel has been announced .  it 's being called `` batman v superman : dawn of justice '' .  the title has been roasted on twitte .
 for small companies , it can pay to stay with friends , strangers <sec> atlanta man stays with friends while on business , leaves presents as thanks .  home stay organizations connect travelers , people willing to share spare room .  experts recommend calling specific hotel you want to stay at and negotiating rate .  take advantage of points programs to earn free nights or merchandis .
 legal defense fund set up by wife of staff sgt . bales in afghan massacre <sec> army staff sgt . .  robert bales ' wife , kari , says couple ca n't cover legal costs .  he is charged with 17 murders , six attempted murders , two counts of assaults .  fund appeals to donors who grieve with mrs. bales and believe in fair trials , she say .
 disaster in texas : how to help <sec> hundreds were injured in texas fertilizer plant explosion .  the red cross is helping to locate loved ones and collect blood donations .  the salvation army is providing food and shelter as well as assisting returning residents .  several shelters have opened across the town of west , texa .
 rhetoric and rancor : the politics of bergdahl 's release turned nasty <sec> rhetoric over army sgt . .  bowe bergdahl 's release has turned rancorous .  partisan fight over the controversial deal is another example of washington infighting .  supporters and opponents of the prisoner swap have both been inconsistent on the issue .  the narrative of bergdahl 's release is an especially thorny issue for members of the militar .
