 opinion : in 2014 , why are we still arguing about birth control ? <sec> supreme court will hear arguments about affordable care act provision .  jeanne a. conry and nancy l. stanwood wonder why contraception is still controversial .  they argue that allowing employers ' values to trump science is bad policy , bad medicin .
 report says prosecutor behind 'fast and furious ' leak - cnnpolitics.com <sec> memo written by federal agent was critical of the botched gun-running operation .  ig report says the leak was intended to undermine credibility of agent .  top federal prosecutor in arizona at the time says he did not think he did anything wron .
 virtual world , real emotions : relationships in second life <sec> relationships and marriage in second life can carry over into the real world .  one couple recently met for the first time after getting married in second life .  second life weddings have become a business within the virtual worl .
 dynamic earth : six must-see volcanoes <sec> mount etna , europe 's highest active volcano , erupted 200 times since 1500 b.c. , experts say .  kilauea , home of hawaiian deity pele , means `` spewing '' or `` much spreading '' .  pantelleria is home to the cave where legend says calypso kept ulysses for seven years .  mount erebus is the second tallest volcano in antarctica and is home to an active lava lak .
 haiti earthquake : wednesday news updates <sec> watch anderson cooper live from haiti at 10 p.m . .  et tonight . .  read twitter feeds to stay up to date on the latest in haiti .  read cnn.com 's complete special coverage of the haiti earthquake .  ireport : looking for loved one .
 battle of the sexes at the box office <sec> despite steps toward equality , women once again underrepresented on screen in 2014 .  women led 18 % of the highest grossing films of the year .  but they make up significant numbers in ticket sales , social media conversations .  does `` cake '' or `` wild '' have what it takes to be the next `` bridesmaids '' .
 white house transparent ? yes says new press secretary <sec> white house press secretary josh earnest appears on cnn 's `` reliable sources '' .  earnest : there is built-in tension in the relationship between a president and the press .  he says the administration is taking steps `` to give people greater insight .
 artists take road trip through africa 's 'invisible borders ' <sec> every year a group of african photographers , artists , takes road trip .  `` invisible borders '' group aims to find new narratives about the continent .  so far , the team has held four road trips , exploring different parts of africa .  it aims to complete its first inter-continental journey next year by reaching sarajev .
 crew of alabama says sailors jumped pirates to retake control <sec> crew member stabbed pirate in the hand to retake maersk alabama , sailor says .  another sailor recalls being awakened at 7 a.m. as pirates stormed ship .  crew shares snippets of their stories after docking in mombasa , kenya , on saturday .  ship , crew will remain in kenya while fbi investigates standoff in indian ocea .
 halle berry to pay $ 16,000 a month in child support <sec> halle berry must pay gabriel aubry $ 16,000 a month in child support , a court rules .  berry and aubry have a 6-year-old daughter , nahla .  the settlement comes after a lengthy legal battl .
 u.s. releases $ 1.6 billion in aid to pakistan <sec> u.s.-pakistan relations strained since raid that killed osama bin laden .  obama administration began withholding some aid in 2011 .  pakistanis objected to raid and u.s. drone strikes .  prime minister nawaz sharif set to visit white house on wednesda .
 cnn student news transcript : october 13 , 2010 <sec> officials and family members prepare for the rescue of 33 trapped miners .  learn about a medical first involving controversial embryonic stem cells .  one woman becomes a u.s. citizen 101 years after entering the country .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 how china has fallen in love with private education <sec> in china the gaokao -- the highly competitive college entrance exams -- dictates the course of a lifetime .  a good score in the gaokao will open the doors to the country 's most prestigious universities .  the number of chinese studying in the us is up from about 60,000 in 2004 to more than 274,000 in 2014 .  the majority of students are privately funded and education is now part of a billion dollar industr .
 feds tell bp to cut use of oil dispersants in gulf <sec> government instructs bp to scale back use of oil dispersants in gulf .  epa administrator says bp 's use of dispersants can be reduced by 80 percent .  official unhappy with bp 's response to request it consider alternatives to current dispersan .
 oldest african-american dies at 113 <sec> mississippi winn died friday at age 113 .  her parents were apparently born into slavery .  she was independent until 10 years ago .  shreveport , louisiana , has begun to honor her each yea .
 afghanistan releases 65 prisoners despite u.s. objections <sec> `` it is of no concern to the u.s. , '' says afghan president about the prisoner release .  the u.s. embassy in kabul says the prisoner release is `` deeply regrettable '' .  the u.s. military says some of those freed are linked to attacks on u.s. troops .  afghanistan says it does n't have enough evidence to keep them behind bar .
 act now on water for the world act ( opinion ) <sec> charles rangel and hugh evans : poor access to sanitation a global problem .  water for the world act could help improve the lives of 2.5 billion people , they say .  authors : it 's essential bill passes before end of congressional sessio .
 same-sex ceremony on army post draws fire <sec> army chaplain performed same-sex ceremony in fort polk chapel , rep. john fleming says .  `` the liberal social experiment with our military continues , '' fleming says .  military personnel can use facilities without regard to orientation , group say .
 threatened with antitrust suit , 3m abandons sticky notes deal <sec> 3m had planned merger with rival note-maker avery .  justice department says deal would have been bad for competition .  justice says the firms ' fight for the labels and sticky notes market saves customers million .
 shotgun robber suspects linked to mtv killing , police say <sec> three suspects were arrested wednesday in the killing of an mtv producer .  mtv music coordinator gabe ben-meir was killed by a shotgun blast sunday .  l.a. police identified 9 shotgun robberies and 2 murders in the past two weeks .  the crimes happened around the wilshire section of los angele .
 'one woman ' sing their support on day of celebration <sec> the song `` one woman '' has been released to celebrate women worldwide on international women 's day .  twenty five artists from 20 countries took part in the production .  songwriter beth blatt penned the lyrics to signify the inter-relatedness of the worl .
 iran arrests suspects in 2011 killing of nuclear scientist <sec> daryoush rezaie was shot and killed on july 23 , 2011 .  suspected `` terrorists '' have been arrested , iran 's intelligence minister says .  his death occurred after a string of attacks against nuclear scientists in the country .  iran has blamed israel , the u.s. and uk for the attack .
 how will international travelers be affected by terror alert ? <sec> u.s. authority in charge of travel security issues new directive on measures after alleged terror bid .  airlines : check before flying , turn up early , expect tougher security , skimp hand luggage .  all passengers flying to the united states can expect physical searche .
 storms move on , cold air slides in <sec> new : power restored to 100,000 customers in toronto , electric company official says .  blowing snow and dangerous wind chill temperatures will hit the upper midwest .  new york city will get steadily colder after reaching a record-breaking 71 degrees on sunda .
 pakistan 's malala yousafzai meets with queen elizabeth at palace <sec> malala yousafzai chats with queen elizabeth ii at a buckingham palace reception .  the teenage education campaigner released her memoir last week and won an award .  malala met president barack obama a week ago at the white house .  she was awarded the sakharov prize for freedom of thought by the european parliamen .
 giant 'seagull ' set to land on istanbul skyline <sec> a new seagull-shaped transport hub is to built on the banks of the bosphorus .  the new transport center will provide links for ferries , trains , buses and small ships , say developers .  project will incorporate green features like rainwater collection and renewable energy .  construction due to start next year with station scheduled to open in 2015/1 .
 'dark knight ' take : pop culture no antidote to pain <sec> a gunman went on a killing spree at a movie theater showing `` the dark knight rises '' .  gene seymour : the movie absorbs attention while we feel pain for the real-life victims .  we ca n't really prosecute popular culture for capital crimes , he says .  seymour : ultimately , movies can not free or save us from the ills in societ .
 astronaut sings bowie 's 'space oddity ' in zero gravity <sec> viral video shows a canadian astronaut singing david bowie 's `` space oddity '' from space .  posted sunday , video has more than 1 million views on youtube .  chris hadfield recorded the guitar and vocals on the international space statio .
 u.s. strikes kill 6 in yemen , say officials <sec> officials : u.s. drone strikes kill 6 suspected al qaeda militants .  strikes happened in southeastern yemeni province of shabwa .  two security officials expected the death toll to ris .
 top tips for flying long-haul with young children <sec> prince william and duchess kate are now on a three-week tour of australia and new zealand with prince george .  experienced long-haul flier says parents should consider how well their kids can sleep on a plane before booking night flight .  bulkhead seats are good for play , bad for sleep .  flying long-haul with kids is the perfect excuse to break electronics and snack rule .
 chicago nato summit protests calm after rough sunday <sec> police superintendent draws a distinction between protesters and criminals .  obama says police did a `` great job under some significant pressure '' .  protesters rally outside the chicago campaign headquarters of obama .  dozens were injured in clashes between police and protesters sunda .
 transcript of boehner 's speech : washington 's spending binge is over <sec> washington 's days of spending and piling up debts are over , boehner said .  boehner : country did n't get much good out of president obama 's spending binge .  house will pass a bill this week that can and will get through the senate , boehner sai .
 bayern and man city book passages in champions league knockout stage <sec> holders bayern munich and manchester city qualify for knockout stages .  cristiano ronaldo and gareth bale on target in 2-2 draw at juventus .  manchester utd held by real sociedad after robin van persie misses penalty .  zlatan ibrahimovic scores psg equalizer against anderlech .
 flu virus sparks 'social distancing ' trend <sec> move towards 'social distancing ' as people worry about swine flu epidemic .  mexico 's health ministry directing people to avoid handshakes and kissing .  who advises avoiding close contact with people who appear unwell .  follow cnn 's dr. sanjay gupta on twitte .
 blaming lawyers a bogeyman to stop health reform <sec> tarricone : health bill foes using scare tactic of tort reform to stop needed change .  institute of medicine finds up to 98,000 people die each year from medical errors , he says .  tarricone : harvard study found 97 percent of claims meritorious , debunking suits are `` frivolous '' .  he writes : instead of limiting injured patients ' rights , take steps to ensure their healt .
 man in london security alert arrested <sec> new : `` after contact with our specialist police negotiators the man came out , '' police say .  authorities reopen goodge street tube station but warren street station is closed .  the man at the center of the security alert is in custody , police say .  no hostages have been identified , police sa .
 meet the burka avenger , haroon 's fighter for female education <sec> new pakistan cartoon features burka-clad heroine who champions female education .  cartoon is a project of pakistani pop star , haroon , who wants to challenge stereotypes .  show has 13 episodes and cover different social issues affecting pakista .
 fitness tips from kate upton 's trainer <sec> fitness trainer david kirsch started working with kate upton in august .  upton did a strict cardio and sculpting boot camp , kirsch says .  bikini model also followed kirsch 's abcs : no alcohol , bread or processed carb .
 opinion : real lesson in eric cantor loss is beware conventional wisdom <sec> sally kohn says eric cantor 's surprising loss does n't mean what you think it means .  what suffered in this race is the shell of our political system , now grinding to a halt , kohn says .  cantor was n't conservative enough for base but too extreme for everyone else , kohn say .
 france carries out record cocaine bust off martinique <sec> the value of the drugs is estimated at more than $ 105 million .  officers arrested one venezuelan and two spanish citizens on board the vesse .
 u.n. : number of syrian refugees escalating at rapid rate <sec> more than 1 million people have fled syria since civil war began , the u.n. says .  8,000 people left each day last month , u.n. official says .  surrounding countries are feeling the strain due to the influx of refugee .
 al qaeda blamed for iraq violence wave <sec> dozens dead , 231 wounded , houses destroyed from bombings .  series of bombings appears to target mostly day laborers .  most of attacks scattered across baghdad ; two truck bombs reported in mosul .  attacks fuel fears sectarian violence could re-ignite in ira .
 tetris turns 25 : is it the next olympic sport ? <sec> tetris , the addictive building-block video game , turns 25 this month .  cnn speaks with alexey pajitnov , the game 's creator , about its popularity .  last year , 10 percent of all games on mobile phones in the u.s. were tetris .  pajitnov : `` it 's a very simple game and it has a really strong creative spirit in it .
 representatives knock sen. saxby chambliss ' comments on sexual assault <sec> chambliss suggested hormones may be partly responsible for assaults in the military .  the georgia senator commented in a hearing on sexual assaults in the military .  he was criticized by representatives from both parties .  criminals , not hormones , are the cause , says an ohio congressma .
 ollantaytambo : a spectacular incan city <sec> in ollantaytambo , peru , you can see magnificent mountains and incan ruins .  the temple of the sun is at the highest point of the ollantaytambo ruins .  nearby , you can go white-water rafting , mountain climbing or horseback ridin .
 homeless science scholar to attend state of the union speech <sec> new york rep. steve israel invites homeless science scholar to speech .  samantha garvey found out she was intel semifinalist last week .  two days later , she was given a home by county official .
 canadian teen commits suicide after alleged rape , bullying <sec> family met with authorities who they say will take fresh look at case .  rehtaeh parsons , 17 , died sunday after a suicide attempt last week .  her family says she was bullied for more than a year after being gang-raped .  although a photo of the alleged assault was distributed , no charges were file .
 report : syrian forces take villages in north aleppo <sec> syrian forces seize villages in the northern part of aleppo , state news agency reports .  one village sits on hill overlooking only entry point into area , opposition group say .
 suspect arrested after attack at washington state courthouse <sec> new : an injured judge says he never saw the suspect before , komo reports .  34-year-old steven kravetz is arrested at his mother 's home .  authorities recover a gun taken from a deputy .  the judge and an officer were wounded at a courthouse in montesano , washingto .
 radical islamist abu hamza al-masri presented in u.s. court <sec> abu hamza al-masri confronts a host of terror charges saturday in federal court .  al-masri is among five men extradited to the u.s. after losing a legal battle in london .  he is one of the highest-profile radical islamic figures in britai .
 mayweather talks up pacquiao fight <sec> manny pacquiao is the new wbo welterweight world champion .  floyd mayweather jr. used to hold the wbc title in the division and is undefeated in 40 fights .  mayweather 's fight with oscar de la hoya gave a record $ 77 million payday for fighters .  a pacquiao bout with mayweather expected to eclipse this tota .
 sprint 4g coming to new york , l.a. , san francisco <sec> sprint plans to launch its 4g data network in new york on november 1 .  the telecom plans to roll out 4g in los angeles and san francisco in december .  the major-city launches come in the face of increased competition in 4g interne .
 zimmerman opts not to testify as his defense team rests case <sec> the defense rests their case after george zimmerman declines to testify .  this comes after rapt jurors watch attorneys tussle with a dummy in the courtroom .  the judge will mull a request to include a manslaughter option .  the prosecution will close on thursday ; the defense will do so frida .
 the social network where no one knows your name <sec> a new social network , social number , lists users by a number , not by name .  it 's the latest entry in an ongoing debate surrounding online anonymity .  the ceo of the company sees it as a complement to open social networking .  users say they appreciate being able to talk freely without fear of being judge .
 teens testify in steubenville trial to witnessing sexual abuse of girl <sec> three witnesses testify they saw the accused sexually abuse the girl .  one of the teens testifies he took video of the incident with his phone .  the teens testified only after the judge granted them immunity .  two other steubenville teens are being tried on rape accusation .
 launching spaceships is really hard ( opinion ) <sec> the crash of virgin galactic 's spaceship two comes on heels of a rocket explosion .  meg urry : launching spaceships is obviously a very difficult business .  she says the history of rocket development is littered with failures .  urry : nasa makes spaceflight look so routine that we may have forgotten how hard it i .
 a bridge to safety unveiled for hajj stoning ritual <sec> goverment constructed three new massive pillars , five-story bridge for hajj ritual .  jamarat re-enacts abraham 's stoning the devil , according to muslim tradition .  ritual was scene of deadly stampedes as pilgrims crammed through bottleneck .  the air-conditioned bridge is 950 meters long , 80 meters wide ; each floor is 12 meters hig .
 opinion : how bad would a u.s. default be ? <sec> in six days , the united states government 's borrowing authority will be exhausted .  mark patterson : a u.s. default could set in motion a financial crisis of global scale .  he says `` default deniers '' in the gop are overlooking serious risks and problems .  patterson : default would have ripple effect on stock market , businesses and econom .
 weight loss success : 100 pounds with a plant-based diet <sec> benji kurtz tried almost every diet without success .  documentary on plant-based eating inspired him to change his lifestyle .  he lost 100 pounds in a yea .
 hostin : it 's naked cowboy , 1 ; naked m & m , 0 <sec> federal judge rejects m & ms maker 's parody defense .  he notes that the naked cowboy , aka robert burck , registered his trademark .  burck is suing mars inc. , the maker of m & ms , for copyright infringement .  case involves guitar-slinging blue m & m in cowboy hat , white underpant .
 rice : bush would n't approve illegal interrogations <sec> bush `` was only willing to authorize '' legal interrogations , ex-secretary of state says .  senate report says top bush officials gave cia approval on waterboarding .  bush administration memos argued waterboarding did not violate u.s. laws .  president obama , calling waterboarding torture , has banned techniqu .
 montana rape case : board recommends penalty for judge g. todd baugh <sec> g. todd baugh has apologized and also said he will retire this year .  he imposed a 31-day sentence on a rapist whose victim committed suicide .  review board says judge gave appearance of impropriety .  complaint goes to the state 's supreme cour .
 cnn student news - september 10 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 killing khorasan bomb-maker a win -- but at what cost ? <sec> official : a u.s. airstrike in syria appears to have killed french bomb-maker david drugeon .  drugeon is part of the militant khorasan group .  but airstrikes likely killed other fighters not directly targeting u.s . .  and that could possibly soften their opposition to isi .
