 prospective casey anthony jurors cite hardship <sec> casey anthony case indicates how many need every paycheck .  others have no one else to care for child or spouse .  several dismissed for expressing opinion .
 mom in tsunami : i saw my daughter floating away <sec> latest death toll from tuesday 's quake , tsunami stands at 168 .  taitasi fitiao loses her six-year-old daughter in the tsunami .  ten people died in leone from the tragedy .  the fitiao family will bury their daughter in the front yard , as is the custom her .
 eagle-eyed caddie halts rory mcilroy 's charge in abu dhabi <sec> rory mcilroy handed two-stroke penalty at abu dhabi golf championship .  the punishment drops former world no.1 three shots behind leader .  american phil mickelson finds form to move to two shots off the lead .  scotland 's craig lee takes 12-under-par lead into final day in the deser .
 heat wave lesson : we take comfort for granted <sec> bob greene : parts of u.s. lost power ; we should reflect on how we take comfort for granted .  he says not long ago , no one had electricity , running water ; people changed that , mostly .  he says we are always one unanticipated disaster away from a trip into primitive americ .
 be polite and put your smartphone down <sec> phones do not belong on the table at restaurants , cnn.com 's netiquette columnists say .  you 're more likely to get run over while yakking on the phone , research finds .  idle but interesting moments have become excuse to busy yourself with your phone .  challenge from columnists : stick to phone calls and textin .
 it 'll be a girl for kanye and kardashian <sec> news comes the same day kardashian has a baby shower .  the couple has been dating since last year .  the baby is due next mont .
 u.s.-pakistan ties under fresh scrutiny after bin laden 's death <sec> some in u.s. hope for more cooperation with pakistan .  pakistan given credit for allowing operation on its soil .  others skeptical pakistan did n't know osama bin laden was near military academ .
 spokesman : giffords plans to attend husband 's shuttle launch in april <sec> rep. giffords plans to go to the shuttle endeavour launch , her spokesman says .  her husband , mark kelly , will command the mission -- which will be the endeavour 's last .  the hospital where giffords is rehabbing said wednesday she `` continues to improve '' .  the man accused of shooting her and 18 others has been indicted on 49 charge .
 hamilton wins in canada to move top of drivers ' standings <sec> canadian grand prix produces seventh different winner in seventh race of f1 season .  mclaren 's lewis hamilton wins montreal race for the third time in his career .  romain grosjean 's lotus comes second , with sauber 's sergio perez in third .  hamilton leads drivers ' standings with 88 points , two ahead of fernando alons .
 opinion : hispanics , do n't settle for less <sec> hispanic heritage month , established in 1988 , runs from september 15 to october 15 .  ruben navarrette : hispanics ca n't assume they 'll be better off as their numbers grow .  he says the reality is that life is not a fiesta ; median wealth of hispanic households has fallen .  navarrette : hispanics need to know what they 're worth and refuse to settle for les .
 review : 'hugo ' is a cabinet of wonders <sec> `` hugo '' is a haunting , piquant melodrama about childhood dreams and yearnings .  hugo is played with jolting melodramatic pathos by asa butterfield .  `` hugo '' both ticks and flies by , a marvel meant to be pulled from the cabine .
 feds : renzi made $ 700,000-plus in deal that led to indictment <sec> new : rep. rick renzi received $ 733,000 from land deal , indictment says .  new : renzi 's attorneys say their client has done nothing wrong and will fight charges .  indictment says arizona republican pushed land swap benefiting former partner .  the 35-count indictment names renzi , two other businessmen as defendant .
 jessica lange hospitalized after fall <sec> jessica lange hurt in fall at minnesota vacation home .  lange suffered bruised ribs , a broken collarbone and a small cut .  actress , 60 , expected to be `` completely fine , '' says publicis .
 opinion : how to prevent future airplane disappearances <sec> how can a 650,000 pound airplane disappear for weeks ? .  pilot les abend says there are gaps in radar , radio communication systems .  he says a new system will ensure tracking of planes across the atlantic .  abend says that system , other modifications , needed to prevent repeat of flight 370 myter .
 pandora eyes global market , talk radio <sec> pandora plans to eventually launch in other counties and offer sports , talk and news .  this information , along with illuminating stats , was included in an ipo filing .  pandora has 80 million registered listener .
 soldier facing rape charge captured in florida <sec> brazelton escaped on february 11 .  he is accused of raping a 15-year-old girl in los angeles .  brazelton is being held on $ 325,000 bail and is scheduled to appear in court next wee .
 close encounters in the galapagos <sec> the galapagos islands are home to species of animals found nowhere else on earth .  with few predators to make them wary , the creatures seem tame and curious .  galapagos tourism has been booming despite the archipelago 's remote location .  lodgings are available on four of the islands ; many visitors also stay on cruise ship .
 justices debate labor union fees and free speech <sec> non-union employees challenge illinois negotiations .  they contend they should not be considered union-covered state employees .  unions argue all workers benefit from collective bargaining .  justices appear hesitant about changing preceden .
 15 african technology startups to watch in 2014 <sec> toby shapshak has selected the most exciting african startups to watch this year .  click through the gallery to find out which ones make the lis .
 james taylor flubs national anthem , recovers smoothly <sec> james taylor messed up his national anthem performance .  he began singing `` america the beautiful '' instead of `` the star-spangled banner '' .  the singer quickly and smoothly recovere .
 opinion : terrorists target the military <sec> major nidal malik hasan says he killed u.s. soldiers to protect taliban leaders .  peter bergen : fort hood massacre was part of a trend of terrorists targeting military .  it prompted new restrictions and security procedures at the base , he says .  since 9/11 , 21 people have plotted to attack u.s. soldiers or military installation .
 sri lanka hospital shelled for fourth time <sec> 3 dead as hospital treating sri lanka 's civil war victims shelled for fourth time .  government forces , tamil rebels locked in battle for last rebel strongholds .  humanitarian aid agencies call for increased access to northern sri lanka .  more than 200 civilians injured in past 3 days of fighting , says relief worke .
 before they got smart : when cellphones were hideous <sec> in honor of mobile world congress , here 's a gallery of ugly , outdated cellphones .  even a decade or so ago , phones had dull gray screens , clamshell designs or tiny keypad .
 4 killed in california bus crash <sec> a tour bus , big rig , two vehicles are all involved in a crash on i-10 , california highway patrol says .  all four fatalities were on the tour bus carrying 25 people , tv station reports .  a rig jackknifes and sends its load of metal pipes spilling onto freeway , station say .
 a university 's president gives $ 90k , and keeps giving <sec> raymond burse volunteers to take a $ 90k pay cut to give livable wage to 24 workers .  move by burse , president of kentucky state university , gave them a 40 % raise .  burse also has given a shooting victim a scholarship , a football player $ 2,000 to study abroa .
 x games too extreme ? new questions after snowmobile accident <sec> a snowmobiler is fatally injured during competition .  questions are raised over risks .  espn says it has worked to ensure athlete and spectator safet .
 okcupid expands options for gender and sexual orientation <sec> internet dating site okcupid offers expanded options to select group of members .  expanded sexual orientation options include asexual , questioning , sapiosexual .  gender category now has more than 20 options , including agender , cis man and mor .
 behind the scenes : will latin america welcome obama ? <sec> lopez : obama 's relationship with mexico started on shaky ground .  but now , the bilateral relationship is at a high point , he says .  lopez : pending issues , such as immigration reform , trade .  there also is high interest in who will be u.s. ambassador to mexico , he say .
 fda warns against using 3 popular zicam cold meds <sec> products linked to long-lasting or permanent loss of sense of smell .  fda warns medicine maker that products ca n't be marketed without its approval .  maker calls allegations `` unfounded '' and `` misleading '' .  over-the-counter meds aimed at reducing severity , duration of cold symptom .
 same-sex marriage in alaska , wyoming can proceed <sec> new : federal judge rules same-sex marriage is legal in wyoming .  supreme court rejects alaska 's request to delay enforcement .  alaska , wyoming would become the 30th and 31st states to allow same-sex marriag .
 double the death toll : anyone care about syria ? <sec> more people have been displaced than live in moscow ; more people lost their homes than live in greater boston .  the wfp has cut food ration sizes by 30 % for lack of donation .
 venezuela orchestra inspires fight against child poverty <sec> uk project to provide musical instruments and training to children in poor areas .  the scheme is modelled on a successful program in venezuela .  el sistema has helped lift many youths out of the slums through music .  the uk scheme is being led by famous cellist julian lloyd webbe .
 golf legend palmer : the old tiger woods will be back <sec> arnold palmer says tiger woods is showing signs of returning to top form .  woods is playing in the annual bay hill tournament palmer hosts this weekend .  14-time major winner woods has been hampered by an achilles injury in recent times .  the american has won the arnold palmer invitational on six occasion .
 lawyer : pakistani nuclear scientist freed from house arrest <sec> new : u.s. concerned at abdul qadeer khan 's release from house arrest .  pakistani nuclear scientist khan was placed under house arrest in 2004 .  admitted selling nuclear weapons technology to iran , n. korea , libya , then recanted .  khan is regarded as a hero in pakistan for helping develop nuclear weapon .
 what really kills family values <sec> julian zelizer : too often family values are viewed as separate from economics .  he says 'death of a salesman ' shows how families can be undermined by money woes .  some politicians argue that family values are about sexuality and pop culture , zelizer says .  he says government must preserve programs that support familie .
 social media casts spotlight on ohio rape case <sec> ohio state authorities are investigating an alleged rape .  two teens are scheduled to be tried next month .  the alleged victim is `` doing as well as one can expect , '' her lawyer says .  images and messages about the alleged crime spread on social medi .
 texas fertilizer fire prompts evacuation recommendation <sec> new : 10 taken to hospital with respiratory problems , city manager says .  fertilizer warehouse catches fire in bryan , texas .  authorities recommend evacuation for tens of thousands .  texas a & m cancels classes , opens arena for shelte .
 rapper fat joe questioned about sex assault complaint <sec> police detained , questioned fat joe , entourage .  woman said she `` found herself '' in fat joe 's limo .  incident followed rapper 's show in madison , wisconsin .  rapper 's lawyer calls woman a `` groupie pretender .
 birth control plan would push women to '50s ( opinion ) <sec> cecile richards : politicians ' push for over-the-counter birth control is not good news .  hardliners against coverage for contraception want women to pay out of pocket , she says .  she says it would make birth control less available ; things like iuds could n't be over counter .  richards : proposal , aimed at thwarting obamacare , amounts to $ 483 million tax on wome .
 relief well drillers feel the eyes of the world , the loss of friends <sec> cnn 's kyra phillips gets exclusive access to rig drilling relief well to stop gushing oil .  workers put in 12-hour days and feel weight of world watching and criticizing them .  the men and women feel the loss of friends and family who died in waters there .  `` we 're doing everything we possibly can , '' but must stay safe , not rush , captain say .
 student 's success defies all odds <sec> maria castro , 17 , is an honors student despite low expectations and odds . .  she and her robots team are featured in a new documentary by soledad o'brien . .  `` education in america : do n't fail me '' airs at 8 p.m. may 1 .
 svindal extends lead in overall world cup standings ; vonn crashes out in downhill <sec> aksel lund svindal extends lead in men 's overall world cup standings .  norwegian star wins super-g at val gardena .  switzerland 's lara gut claims victory in val d'isere downhill .  olympic champion lindsey vonn crashes ou .
 u.s. citizen charged in mumbai attacks <sec> new : woman who lost her husband and daughter thanks fbi .  feds : david headley attended terrorism training camps in pakistan .  feds : headley conspired to execute attacks in denmark and india .  headley agrees to cooperate in probes of both terror plots , lawyers sa .
 lavezzi nets double as napoli take first leg advantage <sec> ezequiel lavezzi nets a double as napoli come from behind to defeat chelsea 3-1 in italy .  edinson cavani scores napoli 's other goal after juan mata had given chelsea the lead .  the result means england are in danger of having no teams in the champions league last eigh .
 what latinos want from candidates ? respect <sec> ruben navarrette : among latino voters , immigration is a test of candidates ' character .  he says romney pandered to anti-immigrant forces during the primaries .  navarrette says obama 's policy of deporting illegal immigrants has broken up families .  he urges candidates to address need for immigration reform , then deal with other issue .
 large hole discovered after southwest flight makes emergency landing <sec> new : a 3- to 4-foot hole is discovered in the plane 's fuselage .  new : passenger commends pilots for their control of the situation .  the flight was en route from phoenix to sacramento .  it made a rapid descent from 36,000 feet to 11,000 fee .
 website offers bounty for iphone 5s hack <sec> new : german hackers ' group claims to have hacked the iphone 5s .  website is offering a cash bounty for the first person to successfully hack the phone .  to collect , a hacker must lift a fingerprint and use it to unlock the phone 's touch id sensor .  site creator : `` the whole point ... was to put up or shut up .
 vets object to billing private insurance for service injuries <sec> possible change in billing angers veterans groups .  white house would neither confirm nor deny the option is being considered .  argument for the proposal would be to free up more money for va .  spokesman : charging for service-related injuries would violate `` a sacred trust .
 philly priest , teacher get prison time for boy 's sexual assault <sec> priest , teacher were convicted of assaulting boy in separate incidents more than decade ago .  district attorney to sex assault victims : case shows you 'll be heard if you come forward .  victim , now in his 20s , was abused while attending catholic school in philadelphi .
 travel with disabled kids is a challenge worth the effort <sec> vacationing with disabled children may be challenging , but parents say it 's worth the effort .  traveling may help autistic children break up rigid routines .  disney world provides incredible service to disabled kids , moms and travel experts sa .
 l.a. police expand serial killer probe , seeking ties to 230 murders <sec> lonnie david franklin jr. is accused of being the `` grim sleeper '' .  he is charged with 10 murders and one attempted murder .  police are looking at 230 slayings that occurred near where franklin lived .  police had been investigating photos of 55 unidentified women found in franklin 's hom .
 it 's all about the tires : pirelli plan on hold <sec> pirelli put plans to introduce new race tires at next month 's canadian grand prix on hold .  each of the 11 teams will instead try out development tires in the first practice session .  pirelli wants to change tires to stop delaminations .  mercedes face an fia investigation over involvement in tire tes .
 new beginnings at the world 's busiest airport <sec> cnn sent three dozen journalists to document one day at the atlanta airport on august 28 .  on the same day , thousands of travelers were posting their own stories on social media .  get a taste of the stories shared online that day and come back this week for the full repor .
 african union forces capture last western outpost in mogadishu <sec> forces have pushed militants out of the last outpost in western mogadishu , officials say .  the capture of the outpost allows for the reopening of the main road to the famed bakaara market .  somali forces and african union troops have been battling militants for control of mogadish .
 man arrested after scaling brooklyn bridge <sec> yaroslav kolchin , who was visiting from moscow , has been arrested .  he faces charges of reckless endangerment , criminal trespass and other counts .  official says kolchin reached the top of one of the towers and snapped iphone pictures .  in july , two u.s. flags atop the bridge were replaced with white flag .
 obama weighs sending national guard to border - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the obama administration weighs sending national guard tropps to the u.s.-mexico border .  congressional democrats and republicans have competing border crisis plans .  the president is meeting with central american leaders this week to discuss border crisis .  the obama administration is buoyed by slight slowing in immigrant kids at the borde .
 panel calls bangladesh factory fire sabotage , says owner should be tried <sec> panel : further investigation is needed to pin down who started a clothing factory fire .  112 people , mostly women , died in the fire on the outskirts of dhaka .  the owner of the factory should be prosecuted for the lack of safety measures , the panel says .  factory owner delwar hossain has said he was not aware of the situatio .
 china 's bob dylan-inspired pioneer still rocking <sec> cui jian one of the first chinese musicians to bring rock 'n roll to china during the 1980s .  cui 's songs challenged conventional chinese ideas and attitudes .  inspired by western acts such as bob dylan on tapes he bought from foreign friends .  students adopted song `` nothing to my name '' as their anthem during tiananmen protest .
 aussies make black caviar pilgrimage to ascot <sec> black caviar has won all 22 of the races she has taken part in .  the australian `` supermare '' won the diamond jubilee stakes at royal ascot .  a one dollar bet on her last saturday would have only return a 20 cents profit .  black caviar is a national sensation in her homeland of australi .
 cruz causes headaches for gop leaders . again . <sec> ted cruz rallied house conservatives against a proposed plan to avoid a government shutdown .  cruz was seen as largely responsible for the government shutting down last year .  cruz has repeatedly rejected that claim , and said it 's democrats who risk causing a shutdow .
 bono apologizes for free itunes album <sec> u2 's bono apologizes to itunes users angry over free download .  band 's `` songs of innocence '' went to 500 million users .  some called the free music invasiv .
 chelsea handler stepping down from e ! talk show <sec> chelsea handler will leave her e ! .  show `` chelsea lately '' this summer .  but the comedian is hesitant to leave late-night tv without a female host .  handler is said to be considering other networks and platform .
 broken rail caused deadly 2012 derailment , ntsb says <sec> presence of women on bridge did not cause derailment near baltimore , ntsb says .  internet service at guantanamo disrupted after accient .  elizabeth nass and rose mayr , both 19 , were killed .  this and other incidents spur rail failure working grou .
 controversial goal puts france through <sec> france through after controversial equalizer against ireland in stade de france .  portugal reach world cup finals with 1-0 win in bosnia-herzegovina .  slovenia shock russia to reach world cup for second time .  greece stun ukraine in donetsk to reach south africa 1-0 on aggregat .
