 ex-wife of infamous 'd.c . sniper ' felt guilty about shootings <sec> john muhammad 's second ex-wife , mildred , believes she was ultimate target of sniper spree .  muhammad : for long time , i felt extreme guilt for victims that were gunned down .  carol williams , his first ex-wife , plans to visit muhammad before execution and bring son .  muhammad has maintained his innocence in the deaths of at least 10 people in 200 .
 virginia must honor vermont law on lesbians ' custody dispute <sec> virginia ruling gives vermont court jurisdiction over case .  janet jenkins and lisa miller were in civil union in vermont but later split .  miller moved to virginia with child ; vermont court allowed jenkins visitation .  miller got virginia court to block visitation ; friday 's ruling overturns tha .
 police : michigan woman gives birth after being set on fire , shot <sec> two men accused of conspiracy .  detroit woman abducted , set on fire and shot , police say .  she gave birth to baby boy on tuesday .  one of the suspects is her former boyfrien .
 saudi security forces to crack down on any unlawful protesters <sec> new : security forces can take `` all measures '' against lawbreakers .  new : demonstrations are illegal under saudi and sharia law .  the focus of friday 's protest is a shiite prayer leader arrested last wee .
 michigan governor vetoes bill allowing concealed weapons in public places <sec> the state legislature passed the bill on thursday .  snyder says he had planned to give the bill `` additional scrutiny '' prior to connecticut shootings .  the bill did not provide an opportunity for public places to exempt themselve .
 syria warns citizens not to participate in unlicensed protests <sec> new : muslim brotherhood offers support for the protesters .  `` the laws in force in syria will be implemented , '' government warns .  daraa is the scene of tanks , helicopters , and mass arrests , witnesses say .  residents are afraid to go out to collect the dead , a witness say .
 u.s. border agents detain mexican troops <sec> mexican troops make accidental incursion into u.s. , border agents say .  troops say they became disoriented while on patrol .  troops were taken into custody , later returned to their commanding office .
 'guerrilla gardeners ' use tools in disguise to beautify cities <sec> covert gardeners aim to make cities greener using disguised tools .  tool designer vanessa harden modified cameras , handbags to carry out planting .  motherboard.tv meets vanessa , learns more about the guerrilla gardening communit .
 arab league summit aims to showcase 'the new iraq ' <sec> it could be called the arab spring summit , foreign minister says .  iraq has spent more than half a billion dollars to prepare .  president obama said people throughout the region will see `` a new iraq '' .  the top issue at the summit will be syria , iraqi diplomat say .
 kate gosselin : 'my main concern is my kids ' <sec> kate gosselin says sextuplets are doing well despite parents ' breakup .  gosselin says she does n't know what led to split with husband jon .  gosselin wants to continue tv show , but says it 's network 's decisio .
 some students may not enjoy obamacare protections <sec> a proposal says self-funded college health plans count as `` minimum essential coverage '' .  obama administration : plans do n't have to meet same rules as other types of insurance .  some california students are protesting lifetime caps on some of these plan .
 hasselbeck : bristol palin 'perfect choice ' to talk abstinence <sec> elisabeth hasselbeck says `` radical leftists '' laughing at bristol palin 's situation .  hasselbeck calls miss california usa controversy `` a big bullying scheme '' .  hasselbeck , who has celiac disease , wrote book on gluten-free lifestyl .
 train driver 's body found after crash in switzerland <sec> the body of one of the train drivers has been removed from his crushed cab , police say .  the head-on collision of two commuter trains in western switzerland happened monday .  authorities say the train driver who survived may have left the station too soon .  the trains were on a route between payerne and lausanne , an official say .
 coping with sudden loss after airplane crashes <sec> heidi snow lost her fiance when twa flight 800 exploded in 1996 .  snow started access to help others who have lost loved ones in plane crashes .  snow wants to make sure `` no one ever has to go through their loss alone .
 killer captured after being mistakenly freed in chicago <sec> steven robbins was serving a 60-year prison sentence for murder .  he was taken to an illinois court for unrelated charges .  those weapons and drug charges were dropped .  it is unclear if robbins ' tattoo of the name nicole helped in the searc .
 'wolverine ' slashes bad reviews for box office win <sec> `` wolverine '' takes the top slot at the box office , earning an estimated $ 87 million .  `` ghosts of girlfriends past '' took in an estimated $ 15.3 million for second place .  dreamworks animation 's `` monsters vs. aliens '' grossed another $ 5.8 million .  check out the rest of the top 10 movies at the box office this weeken .
 kremlin critic lebedev : why i lashed out on tv chat show <sec> alexander lebedev charged with hooliganism after punching guest on tv show .  billionaire and kremlin critic faces five years in prison for attacking businessman .  lebedev says he acted in self-defense when he launched his assault .  charge is politically motivated and unsubstantiated , lebedev say .
 eu leaders announce $ 113 billion bailout package for ireland <sec> european finance ministers announce 85 billion euro bailout .  ireland is slashing government spending after bailing out banks .  50,000 people demonstrate against irish austerity plans , police estimat .
 memorial day brings out presidential hopefuls <sec> sarah palin plans to go to iowa .  mitt romney releases a statement praising military veterans .  many potential presidential candidates are out on memorial day .  palin takes her `` one nation '' tour to fort mchenry , mount vernon and gettysbur .
 how tech can prevent 'phantom ' traffic jams <sec> many traffic slowdowns are just chain reactions started by cars hastily slowing down .  an mit professor has developed a system for preventing these types of jams .  cars with mounted cameras or sensors can track cars around them and better regulate spee .
 fighting tears , shah 's son calls crisis a 'moment of truth ' <sec> reza shah pahlavi : democratic movement needs international support to succeed .  he called iranian regime a `` sinking titanic '' that might not survive the movement .  pahlavi cited reports security forces go home , change clothes , join protest .  he praised obama but encouraged countries to be prepared to stand up and hel .
 israeli customs blocks entry of ipads <sec> israelis , tourists at ben gurion airport have had their apple ipads seized .  authorities : devices ' wi-fi standard does n't match israel 's standard , which follows europe .  tourists will be able to get the devices back when they leave the israe .
 ukraine 's prime minister defiant ahead of presidential election <sec> prosecutor general 's office probes suspected election interference in eastern ukraine .  prime minister arseniy yatsenyuk says ukrainians will show they can not be intimidated .  `` we are defending our land , '' says yatsenyuk of sunday 's presidential vote .  the election is taking place despite the separatist unrest gripping eastern ukrain .
 ireland ramps up battle with vatican over child abuse <sec> ireland will pass a law forcing priests to reveal abuse disclosed in confession , the justice minister says .  the vatican says claims it tried to hinder inquiries into abuse by priests are unfounded .  its statement rejects criticisms made by ireland 's prime minister and other lawmakers .  a report released in july said the roman catholic church failed abuse victim .
 forget godzilla : facebook rolls out its own dinosaur <sec> a new privacy tutorial for facebook users features a blue cartoon dinosaur .  the new york times is calling it the `` zuckasaurus '' .  the character was `` the friendliest and best choice , '' engineer says .  it joins a list of tech mascots from reddit 's snoo to microsoft 's annoying clipp .
 pakistan military insists nato attack was deliberate <sec> pakistani military officials say nato forces knew they were firing at pakistani troops .  u.s. has said last month 's attack was a case of mistaken identity , miscommunication .  more than two dozen pakistani soldiers killed in nato strike near the afghan border .  strike has exacerbated already fractious relationship between u.s. and pakista .
 the monkees ' davy jones dead at 66 <sec> davy jones sang lead on several of the monkees ' hits .  source : jones suffered an apparent heart attack .  `` the monkees '' television series premiered in 1966 and lasted for two season .
 iran threatens preemptive action <sec> a deputy head of iran 's armed forces said his country wo n't wait for enemy action .  the supreme leader previously said anyone thinking of invading should prepare `` to receive strong blows '' .  iaea talks with iran are a chance to get clarity about possible military elements in the nuclear progra .
 syria : why fascism is 'never lesser of two evils ' <sec> a fear of `` terrorism '' is obscuring the threat of fascism in syria , writes fahad nazer .  once a fascist mindset has been instilled into a support base , peace seldom follows , he says .  if al-assad 's regime were to regain control of syria , it might turn on other nations , he says .  the world should remember the devastation wrought by fascist powers in the past , nazer say .
 lampedusa : why tough penalties will not work <sec> smugglers are not why people are on these vessels , writes maurizio albahari .  quotas inadequate both to refugees and european economies , he says .  albahari : eu nations must establish safe , legal channels for displaced people .  no single solution to the mediterranean chronicle of death , he say .
 7 deluxe tree-house hotels <sec> these days you 'll find tree houses everywhere from massachusetts to south africa .  the aviary is located on massachusetts parkland designed by frederick law olmsted .  a south african tree house hotel overlooks the tsitsikamma fores .
 'the sessions ' offers sex therapy with humor , feeling <sec> mark ( john hawkes ) is a 36-year-old virgin and impatient to do something about it .  it 's a clichã© that actors playing disabled always win accolades , but these are demanding roles .  `` sessions '' is a different kind of love story , breaking taboos with sensitivity and humo .
 victims of myanmar 's hiv/aids struggle <sec> only recently have authorities in myanmar admitted to an hiv/aids problem in the country .  new government has agreed five year plan to reduce stigma and spread of the disease .  treatment of the disease was forced underground under brutal military junta .  activists say there is shame attached to buying condoms , so most people do n't bothe .
 iraq takes its case to international olympic committee <sec> iraqi officials head to switzerland to make case to international olympic committee .  ioc said thursday iraq was banned from summer games , which start next month .  ioc charged political interference , cited iraq 's suspension of its olympic committee .  iraqi official says he 's `` optimistic '' iraq will be allowed to take part in game .
 'toddlers and tiaras ' and sexualizing 3-year-olds <sec> melissa henson : tlc 's `` toddlers and tiaras '' promotes sexualization of toddlers , girls .  a 3-year-old wore a padded bra and buttocks , another dressed as a prostitute .  henson says girls ' exposure to hypersexualized media is harmful in many ways .  she says tlc should be ashamed for promoting images of sexed-up toddlers for rating .
 cnn student news - may 5 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 netanyahu : israel forces can use 'all measures ' to free teens <sec> new : palestinian news agency reports 12 people have been arrested .  netanyahu says palestinian authority has a `` responsibility '' to get them .  israeli security have orders to find teens , make sure they are n't moved .  missing teenagers were purportedly taken in settlements in the west ban .
 colombian landslide kills 18 , traps dozens <sec> new : rescuers are manually removing rubble as rescue dogs search for signs of life .  a landslide buries 16 homes in manizales , colombia .  red cross : 18 people were killed , and dozens more are missing .  `` we can not lose hope . .  we are still hoping to find more people alive , '' a spokesman say .
 sexually explicit japan manga evades new laws on child pornography <sec> japan bans possession of child pornography but not explicit animation .  some manga , anime shows children being sexually abused .  cartoonists say a ban would hurt the entire industry .  welfare advocates say the material is being used to groom childre .
 cnn student news transcript : september 10 , 2009 <sec> hear the latest arguments in the debate over u.s. health care reform .  review the details of a court case that could impact u.s. elections .  find out how one inventor hopes to quench concerns about clean wate .
 opinion : would a president petraeus be in the cards ? <sec> david petraeus has apologized for his extramarital affair since resigning from the cia .  william doyle : petraeus is superbly poised for a major comeback .  he says americans will give public figures a second chance when the apology is sincere .  doyle : other than public service ( for now ) , petraeus can do anythin .
 66 suspects tied to al qaeda captured in iraq <sec> suspects blamed for bombings , civilian torture , warning insurgents about operations .  suspects include 45 men from al qaeda in iraq , 21 from the islamic state of iraq .  one of the suspects is believed to have conducted more than 12 attacks since jul .
 mall of america : protesters cry 'black lives matter ' <sec> police arrest at least 20 demonstrators , cnn affiliate reports .  mall management asks organizers not to hold the protests on its private property .  hundreds chant , hold up their hands and lie down to play dead .  mall of america says it 's the nation 's larges .
 traffickers targeting haiti 's children , human organs , pm says <sec> new : government working to protect children from traffickers , prime minister jean-max bellerive says .  new : bellerive rejects criticism that government not visible enough to haitian people .  new : bellerive says government will reopen schools monday in most of the country .  haiti is registering children so they can be reunited with family or put up for adoption , he say .
 supreme court makes historic voting rights law harder to enforce - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a state voter id law will `` take effect immediately '' in texas , attorney general says .  supreme court rules that key parts of that 1965 law are unconstitutional .  chief justice roberts says `` our country has changed '' for the better .  rep. lewis faults court for putting `` a dagger in the heart of the voting rights act .
 even in dissent , scalia stirs controversy <sec> supreme court justice antonin scalia wrote bombastic dissents on major opinions this term .  scalia faced criticism and a call to resign after his dissent on arizona 's immigration law .  the supreme court justice will appear on `` piers morgan tonight '' at 9 p.m . .  et wednesda .
 obama talks about glass ceilings , child care , equal pay <sec> democratic nominee pledges to make it easier to balance work and family .  obama urges equal pay , help with child and health care , paid sick leave .  sen. clinton joins sen. obama at `` women for obama '' fundraiser .  many clinton supporters still are not ready to back obam .
 three wildfires burn through southern california <sec> there are no reports of injuries .  some homes are under threat in camarillo , fire official says .  residents were evacuated in walnut , fire department says .  camp pendleton fire officials expect to contain that blaze by wednesda .
 women in combat a dangerous experiment <sec> lt. gen. jerry boykin : allowing women to fill combat roles is a deeply flawed idea .  he says women already serve ably without being placed in infantry , special forces .  he says move an untenable social experiment that will affect effectiveness of ground forces .  boykin : congress should form committee to examine impact of this decision on the groun .
 h1n1 pandemic is over , health director says <sec> world health organization chief says the global h1n1 pandemic is over .  chan says out-of-season flu outbreaks are no longer being reported in the northern or southern hemispheres .  several countries - including india and new zealand - are still experiencing significant h1n1 flu transmission .  who said other flu viruses are circulating , making for a `` typical '' flu seaso .
 bulgaria 's government resigns amid protests <sec> new : prime minister boyko borisov 's government has resigned from office .  new : parliament is expected to vote on whether to accept the resignation thursday .  bulgaria has been roiled by public protests for more than a wee .
 hidden in national weather service forecast : p-l-e-a-s-e-p-a-y-u-s <sec> a national weather service 's anchorage office forecast may have a subliminal message .  the first letters of one section line up to spell out `` please pay us '' .  meteorologists decline to comment on the message .  weather service employees are working but not getting paid due to government shutdow .
 beautiful design , smart innovation : africa 's most exciting architects <sec> african architectural talent is on the rise in the continent .  `` starchitect '' david adjaye has earned international design awards .  kunle adeyemi and diebedo francis kere are among those earning global acclai .
 wait -- obamacare is n't an issue ? <sec> republicans are broadening their message beyond obamacare .  polling suggests that fewer people want to repeal the law .  republicans voted more than 50 times to repeal obamacare after it was enacte .
 bottle containing message floats from florida to ireland <sec> a florida teenager says people in ireland found a bottle he threw into the ocean .  the bottle is part of a high school science experiment .  other students ' bottles have been found in georgia , south carolina and rhode islan .
 again ? sony 's playstation network hit with another attack <sec> sony playstation network hacked -- again .  sony : breach is smaller than spring attacks that shut down its gaming network .  no credit cards were accessed , company says .  users seem happier with response than they were with delays in announcing last attac .
 pakistan 's political parties explained <sec> pakistan will hold parliamentary elections monday .  political parties competing for 272 seats in the national assembly .  49 political parties have applied for poll symbols with the election commissio .
 jason dohring returns for 'veronica mars ' movie <sec> jason dohring is officially on board for the `` veronica mars '' movie .  since `` mars '' he has appeared in one-season wonders `` moonlight '' and `` ringer `` .  he told ew `` veronica mars '' should live forever in pop cultur .
 hillary clinton could end up alone in iowa <sec> hillary clinton campaigned in iowa this week , stumping for democrat bruce braley .  activists think there 's a possibility there wo n't be a viable alternative to clinton for democrats .  that 's a sharp distance from the republican 2016 field , which seems wide open .  democratic hopefuls besides clinton and joe biden have little name recognitio .
 funeral held for canadian teen allegedly raped and bullied <sec> more than 100 people attend the girl 's funeral in nova scotia .  17-year-old rehtaeh parsons died sunday , three days after trying to hang herself .  her family says she was raped and and a photo was circulated , but no charges were filed .  police say they 're reopening the probe after getting `` new and credible information .
 affidavits : anna nicole smith received many dangerous drugs <sec> new : doctors ' relationships with smith crossed professional lines , affidavits say .  investigator says anna nicole smith was `` drug seeker , '' court documents say .  former playboy model died of drug intoxication in 2007 .  pharmacist refused to fill one prescription , warned doctor , affidavit say .
 charity : water receives $ 5 million grant from google <sec> a large part of the pilot program would also involve continuing its work in training local mechanics .  the sensors will transmit real-time data to the charity and its donors on the condition of the wells .  harrison said the charity is planning to test different technologies for each country depending on the type of wel .
 embryonic stem cell reversal is distraction , congressman says <sec> new : white house adviser : move part of effort to separate politics , science .  bush-era policy on embryonic stem cell research to be reversed , officials say .  president 's expected decision on stem cells distracting from economy , cantor says .  rep. cantor , r-virginia , also says policy reversal could lead to embryo harvestin .
 u.n. climate change report points blame at humans <sec> scientists surer than ever humans play major role in climate change , report says .  global warming already affecting extreme weather , and it could get worse , report says .  u.n. 's ipcc convenes every six years to put together report ; it 's considered benchmark on topic .  even if emissions ended today , effects of climate change could linger for centurie .
