 woman who won portion of $ 448 million powerball comes forward <sec> new jersey woman is one of 16 from workplace pool .  group 's ticket was worth $ 86 million ; each employee will get about $ 3.5 million .  there were three winning tickets in drawing , one winner yet to be identifie .
 zimmerman 's wife pleads not guilty on perjury charge <sec> shellie zimmerman is to be arraigned on tuesday ; she waives her appearance .  her lawyer entered a not guilty plea on her behalf ; she is accused of perjury .  prosecutors say she lied about the family 's finances at her husband 's bond hearing .  her husband , george , is charged with murder in the death of travyon martin , 1 .
 u.s. puts sanctions on iran-based company linked to n. korea <sec> hong kong electronics called a cover for north korea 's missile proliferation network .  u.s. treasury says company 's u.s. assets frozen , transactions in u.s. prohibited .  it says company worked with bank , arms dealer tied to other sanctioned entities .  goal is to stop misuse of financial system to advance arms programs , treasury say .
 novak djokovic overwhelms rafael nadal to retain atp world tour title <sec> novak djokovic wins atp world tour finals title for second straight year .  thrashes rafael nadal in straight sets 6-3 6-4 .  near faultless display from serbian world no.2 .  fernando verdasco and david marrero win thrilling doubles fina .
 boats and brinksmanship in the south china sea <sec> china and vietnam at odds over a chain of largely uninhabited islands in the south china sea .  recent oil drilling operations by china near the paracel islands , which they administer , have irked hanoi .  cnn traveled with vietnamese coast guard to see how this conflict has become so volatile .  vietnam says chinese vessels are being highly aggressive , often using water canno .
 van buyten gives bayern last-gasp victory ; bavarian giants up to fifth <sec> daniel van buyten rescues bayern with late winner at allianz arena .  belgian defender 's goal secures 2-1 home win over eintracht frankfurt .  hoffenheim up to sixth with 3-0 home win over nuremberg .  ninth round leaders sv hamburg play on sunda .
 why iran-brazil friendship has gone cold <sec> for a century , brazil has had amicable relations with iran , says eduardo gómez .  he says president dilma rousseff has taken steps to distance brazil from iran .  rousseff , a torture victim , has raised concerns about human rights in iran , he says .  gómez : brazil 's actions could strengthen ties with u.s. , further isolate ira .
 tribunal censures uk government over us <sec> tribunal says that until december , gchq was too secretive about how it shared data .  this meant uk intelligence agency contravened european law on right to privacy .  uk home office says government is committed to transparency and complies with la .
 e-cigs ' liquid nicotine causing poisonings <sec> calls to poison control centers about e-cigarettes are rising , the cdc says .  more than half of february calls involved young children .  liquid nicotine poisoning can occur from ingestion , inhalation or skin absorptio .
 body proves bigfoot no myth , hunters say <sec> north georgia men say they 've found a den of bigfoot creatures .  they say they 'll reveal details of one bigfoot on friday in california .  the body of the furry half man-half ape is 7 feet , 7 inches tall , they say .  men wo n't reveal bigfoot den 's location because they do n't want others disturbe .
 massachusetts legislature passes 'upskirting ' ban <sec> massachusetts governor to sign ban on `` upskirting '' .  law comes in response to high court ruling saying `` upskirting '' photos are legal .  michael robertson was arrested after police used a female officer as a deco .
 romney 's insult to women on equal pay <sec> mitt romney 's campaign drew a blank when asked if it supports the lilly ledbetter act .  lilly ledbetter : it 's insulting that romney would n't give a straight answer on whether he would sign the law .  she says pay equality is not just about fairness , it 's about economic security for all families .  ledbetter : romney 's positions would mean that women would face economic setback .
 china 's 'godmother ' sentenced to 18 years , state media says <sec> xie caiping sentenced to 18 years in prison for organized crime .  convicted of running gambling dens , illegal imprisonment , harboring people and bribing officials , say state media .  crime crackdown in chongqing has implicated millionaires , gangsters , police officers .  economic boom has allowed criminals to thrive in the once rundown municipalit .
 rare dolphins discovered deep in jungle <sec> rare species of freshwater dolphins found in bangladesh 's waterlogged jungles .  fears irrawaddy had dwindled in number to just a few hundred .  however , researchers have now counted almost 6,00 .
 u.s. leads in clean power investment -- for now <sec> government incentives boost u.s. investment in green power , pew says .  but many of those incentives will expire in the next two years .  countries that have long-term policies draw more investmen .
 for spacex , 'x ' marks the spot <sec> spacex is scheduled to launch a rocket tuesday .  in a first , the company will try to land the rocket 's first stage .  there is at best a 50 % chance this attempt will succeed , spacex say .
 girl shot with malala : memory of attack 'still in my head ' <sec> new : hospital says malala yousufzai remains in stable condition .  kainat ahmad , who was shot with the pakistani teen , spoke with cnn from her hospital bed .  `` stay ambitious , '' kainat says to other girls .  she says malala was `` good friends '' with al .
 us spy spending revealed for first time , tops $ 80 billion <sec> $ 53.1 billion was spent on non-military intelligence , the administration says .  the military spent about $ 27 billion on its spy activities .  sen. dianne feinstein says there is waste and duplication in the budge .
 taking out the rivers ' trash , one piece at a time <sec> chad pregracke is dedicated to cleaning the mississippi river and other u.s. waterways .  he and his staff organize community cleanups across the country .  they have a fleet of boats to get the job done , and they try to make cleanup fun for volunteer .
 beyonce takes to super bowl stage with destiny 's child <sec> beyonce brings some serious energy to the super bowl halftime show .  fellow destiny 's child members join for part of the performance .  she closes it out with her solo hit `` halo .
 bombs target newspapers in nigeria <sec> a third bomb blast is confirmed in nigeria , red cross says .  at least eight people reported were killed , including a suicide bomber .  nigerian president goodluck jonathan condemns the attack .
 hundreds injured during clashes between rival groups in bahrain <sec> more than 700 people were injured in clashes over attempted march .  the clashes took place in area that is home to the al-khalifa ruling family .  opposing crowds carried swords , hatchets , pieces of wood with nails .  the bahraini ambassador to u.s. denied allegations of police forc .
 summers defends white house response to aig bonuses <sec> larry summers is president obama 's chief economic adviser .  he says contracts legally tied hands of treasury secretary to deal with aig bonuses .  summers : pushing aig too hard could have led to lehman brothers-style collapse .  `` we ca n't put the whole economy at risk '' because we 're angry , he caution .
 indian girl commits suicide over alleged gang rape <sec> 17-year-old girl commits suicide after alleging she was gang raped .  in her suicide note , she named her alleged attackers who have since been arrested .  her death follows furious protests over another gang-rape on a bus in new delhi .  protesters are demanding more government action after a sharp rise in case .
 mystery man among 5 freed in historic u.s.-cuba deal <sec> u.s. agency says freed u.s. intelligence agent was a cuban national .  he provided info that led to convictions of u.s. officials and others .  obama called him `` one of the most important ( u.s. ) intelligence agents '' in cuba .  cuba also frees alan gross ; u.s. releases 3 convicted cuban agents as part of dea .
 israeli police clear west bank protest camp , question dozens <sec> palestinian activists set up a protest village in an area slated for israeli settlement .  israeli authorities ordered them to leave ; police executed that order early sunday .  more than 60 activists were taken into custody , then later released , police say .  critical palestinian leaders say the settlements would cut the west bank in tw .
 mercier : 'u.s . postal doping predates armstrong ' <sec> former u.s . .  postal service rider scott mercier claims there was a culture of doping .  mercier says he was offered steroids by team doctor pedro celaya in 1997 .  celeya denies the accusations and will challenge usada at court of arbitration for sport .  former teammates of lance armstrong have testified against the famous cyclis .
 surveillance unit produced no terrorism leads , nypd says <sec> the nypd 's demographics unit was put together with the cia 's help .  the unit 's reports never led to a terrorism investigation in at least 6 years of monitoring .  thomas p. galati 's testimony was part of a suit that began with class-action case in 1971 .  nypd says `` premise that the demographic unit was used for wholesale spying.. was false .
 5 accused of importing counterfeit , hazardous toys <sec> federal indictment handed down in new york .  five queens residents face multiple charges .  prosecutors allege importation of counterfeit , hazardous toy .
 truck carrying fuel to nato troops set afire in pakistan <sec> the truck is set on fire near quetta .  trucks carrying fuel and supplies to nato forces are frequent target .
 peter o'toole , 'one of the giants of film and theatre , ' dies at 81 <sec> peter o'toole was an `` absolute genius , '' british film critic richard fitzwilliams says .  `` there will be a memorial filled with song and good cheer , '' his daughter says .  o'toole had `` been ill for some time , '' she says .  his first major success came as t.e . .  lawrence in `` lawrence of arabia '' in 196 .
 virginia prosecutors want november execution for convicted sniper <sec> execution date proposed for convicted d.c. sniper john allen muhammad .  police say muhammad , lee boyd malvo shot 13 people , killing 10 .  muhammad 's lawyer says he will seek clemenc .
 us airways capt . chesley 'sully ' sullenberger returns to cockpit <sec> new : four passengers from ill-fated flight in january make trip on same route .  new : passenger reserves same seat she had on flight 1549 for thursday 's flight .  sullenberger and first officer jeffrey skiles reunite in cockpit .  sullenberger : `` being back in the cockpit felt very familiar . .  it was like coming home .
 west 'facilitates corruption in africa ' says top economist <sec> joseph stiglitz is a nobel economics laureate and a former world bank chief economist .  he says bank secrecy in the west facilitates corruption in africa .  he calls on african states to industrialize , and to produce agricultural service .
 nigerian police accused over riot deaths <sec> nigerian police , soldiers accused of killing 133 during riots in november 2008 .  u.s.-based human rights watch says main victims were young muslim men .  witnesses say police units summarily executed unarmed men and boys .  hrw says death toll could be `` substantially higher '' than documented cases sugges .
 new opportunities changing lives and the landscape in namibia <sec> namibia is slowly moving on from its history of discrimination .  land ownership remains emotive issue .  efforts being made to encourage more black farmers and gender equality .  possibilities today were unimaginable in the past , says wend .
 high court hears church-state appeal over 'ministerial ' employee <sec> a former teacher wants to sue the church school that dismissed her .  the evangelical lutheran church and school says it is immune from such suits .  justice sotomayor : `` does n't society have a right '' to censure `` certain conduct ? '' .  chief roberts : the eeoc is judging `` how important a ... religious belief is to a church .
 hillary clinton must once again win over some in jewish community - cnnpolitics.com <sec> some in u.s. jewish community associate hillary clinton with obama 's israel policy .  some wonder if clinton 's position on israel has changed as she ponders white house run .  clinton 's husband bill is jokingly referred to as the `` first jewish president .
 shrimper who caught rare goblin shark : `` man , he 's ugly ! '' <sec> georgia shrimper catches only second goblin shark on record in gulf of mexico .  goblin sharks live deep under water and are rarely seen , noaa shark expert says .  views of goblin sharks ' looks range from `` interesting '' to `` ugly '' .  the fisherman released the shark because it was still aliv .
 u.s. women 's open : 11-year-old lucy li misses cut <sec> lucy li , 11 , becomes the youngest qualifier to play in u.s. women 's open history .  li records opening eight-over-par 78 , after two double-bogeys and a triple-bogey .  american misses the halfway cut after carding another 78 on friday .  former child prodigy michelle wie takes three-shot lead at halfway stag .
 japan and u.s. announce nuclear material deal <sec> japan-u.s. agreement will see hundreds of pounds of japanese nuclear material processed in u.s . .  deal is part of an ongoing u.s. goal to reduce supplies of fissile material worldwide .  pledge shows `` leadership '' from japan on nuclear proliferation issue .  china accuses japan of stockpiling nuclear materia .
 kathryn bigelow denounces torture in new 'zero dark thirty ' essay <sec> `` zero dark thirty '' filmmaker kathryn bigelow writes about the scenes of torture in the movie .  bigelow insists that `` depiction is not endorsement '' .  the controversy has dogged the movie for weeks as politicians and pundits attacked the movi .
 german coach loew rules out kuranyi from world cup <sec> kevin kuranyi ruled out of germany squad for world cup finals .  coach joachim loew makes his decision public .  kuranyi walked out on germany before world cup qualifier in 200 .
 u.s. open : record-breaker martin kaymer races clear at pinehurst <sec> martin kaymer scores second 65 in two days at u.s. open .  german makes lowest 36-hole total in tournament 's history .  former world no . .  1 holds six-shot lead over second-placed todd brendo .
 kissing vladimir putin , on film <sec> new documentary tells story of teen who famously kissed russia 's president .  masha drokova was the spokeswoman for nashi , a youth group putin created .  filmmaker : masha became torn between nashi and journalists who questioned i .
 warring sides battle in south sudan ahead of peace talks <sec> new : talks are expected to start friday , representative of mediating bloc says .  the army is battling rebel forces south of bor , a military spokesman says .  south sudan 's president has declared a state of emergency in unity and jonglei states .  a u.n envoy calls on warring parties to `` take a decisive step to cease all hostilities .
 once-secret reagan administration documents on iraq <sec> diplomatic courtship with iraq continued despite use of chemical weapons .  read once-classified documents from the reagan administration .  subjects include `` export-import financing for iraq '' and `` iraq 's foreign policy .
 u.s. to beef up missile defense against north korea , iran <sec> steps to expand missile defenses will cost $ 1 billion .  defense secretary hagel says 14 more missile interceptors will be deployed by 2017 .  new : n. korea rocket launch , nuke test , mobile missile and threats prompt action .  u.s. to work with japan to increase radar capability to improve early warning , trackin .
 extreme recycling : food , furniture , diapers <sec> everything from food to clothes to furniture can be found in dumpsters .  freegans turn to dumpsters in effort not to buy new things .  some web sites post used items that are free for the taking .  are you an extreme recycler ? .  send your photos , videos to ireport.co .
 man accused of slapping crying boy on delta flight pleads not guilty <sec> new : joe rickey hundley was distraught over his gravely ill son during the flight , his attorney says .  new : attorney acknowledges that her client used an epithet but denies he hit the child .  he entered a plea of not guilty to a charge of assaulting a minor .  hundley is accused of slapping a crying 19-month-old on a delta flight in februar .
 opinion : google glass , the beginning of wearable surveillance <sec> michael chertoff : a world in which drones fly overhead 24/7 is a chilling thought .  chertoff : imagine wearing the equivalent of a surveillance drone on your head everyday .  he says instead of wearable drones , we will have wearable glasses or watches .  chertoff : these devices can record and store valuable data about us ; will we lose privacy .
 clinton , karzai say afghan leader 's u.s. visit a success <sec> new : clinton says expected kandahar offensive is not `` d-day '' .  new : karzai says issue of his brother has been resolved with united states .  karzai visits graves of u.s. soldiers at arlington cemetery .  meetings this week have tried to play down tensions between washington and kabu .
 protesters criticize new catholic archbishop of seattle <sec> new seattle archbishop james peter sartain was the bishop in joliet , illinois .  while there , sartain ordained a priest who had viewed male pornography .  that priest later pleaded guilty to molesting a boy over a period of year .
 italian pm under fire after 'rape ' comment <sec> pm commenting on proposal to use troops in cities after attacks on women .  berlusconi : `` we would have to send as many soldiers as there are beautiful girls '' .  opposition leader accused him of `` ignoring the seriousness of sexual violence '' .  berlusconi said he meant his remarks as a `` a compliment .
 mary kennedy 's funeral set for saturday <sec> mary kennedy married robert f. kennedy jr. in 1994 .  the couple was estranged but still married .  she was found dead from asphyxiation by hanging .  a wake was planned for friday evening , a kennedy family publicist sai .
 baltimore riots : rebuilding catalyst burned down <sec> mary harvin transformation center was to house 60 senior-citizen apartments , community center .  it burned down during baltimore riot .
 opinion : samsung dropped a nuclear patent on apple <sec> u.s. government agency gave samsung a victory over apple in patent dispute .  florian mueller : president obama can veto the ruling , but he should n't get mired in it .  he says what 's really at state are standard-essential patents .  mueller : congress can abate mobile patents wars by disallowing bans over sep .
 after 18 years , a missing son emerges in mexico , meets indiana father <sec> nathan slinkard was 5 years old when his mother absconded with him , two siblings .  his mother , trena , fled after losing custody of her three children in a divorce .  last week , slinkard went to a u.s. consulate in mexico and showed birth certificate .  `` you could tell there was a lot of emotion , '' officer says of reunion of son , father in indian .
 new ipads hit stores friday <sec> new ipad goes on sale friday .  apple 's new tablet has high-definition screen , better camera .  reviews say the new one is a step up , but no major overhaul .  apple co-founder steve wozniak among the first buyers in californi .
 pilot dies in military jet crash in nevada <sec> name of the pilot is not being released until family is notified , navy says .  it took several hours for navy personnel to reach the mountainous crash site .  aircraft , a u.s. marine corps f/a-18c , had no weapons on training flight , navy say .
 solar tsunami data will predict earth havoc <sec> nasa says new data will enable scientists to map solar tsunamis in 3d .  solar ejections can wreak havoc on earth , causing power and radio blackouts .  new data could help predict what effects the phenomena will have , nasa say .
 8 roadside curiosities worth the stop <sec> longtime tourist attraction ruby falls is an impressive underground sight .  colorful salvation mountain provides a message in the california desert .  wall drug has been luring travelers with ice water since the 1930 .
 archconservatives : anger , denial but no acceptance of obama 's victory <sec> die-hard conservatives blame mitt romney , electoral fraud and liberal conspiracies .  few discuss demographic shifts in america .  anti-obama sentiments abound in conservative post-election commentary .  one blogger proposes an electoral college boycot .
 stampede kills 100 in southern india <sec> new : video footage shows stampede aftermath .  vehicle incident prompts stampede in southern india .  pilgrims had attended religious even .
