 8-year-old found dead in florida ; man faces charges <sec> new : donald james smith , 56 , faces charges .  new : smith had promised to buy the girl 's family clothes and hamburgers , a sheriff 's official says .  cherish lilly perrywinkle 's mother reported friday night that she was missing from a walmart .  `` we are very confident '' smith took her from the store , a police spokesman say .
 wie shares lead at u.s. open in search of first major <sec> michelle wie tied for lead at u.s. women 's open .  cards two-over 72 in third round at pinehurst .  amy yang draws level at two-under after a 68 .  veteran juli inkster charges into contention with a 6 .
 cnn student news - december 18 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 russians unveil space hotel <sec> russian firm orbital technologies plans to open the first space hotel .  the hotel , or `` commercial space station , '' will float 250 miles above earth .  to check in , tourists will have to undergo special training that can take up to three month .
 torres double sinks english premier league leaders chelsea <sec> brilliant fernando torres double inspires liverpool win over chelsea .  andy carroll scores only goal of the match as newcastle shock arsenal 1-0 .  mario balotelli grabs first half brace as manchester city win 2-0 at wb .
 central bankers brace for euro break-up <sec> ubs survey : at least one country will leave the eurozone in the next five years .  highlights concern among world 's top central bank officials ahead of the greek electio .
 palin launches tea party tour by telling republicans to get on board <sec> new : palin says the republican party is `` through '' if it strays from tea party principles .  the tea party express launches its fourth nationwide tour .  the cross-country tour will make 30 stops in 15 day .
 the hidden beauty of garifuna belize <sec> belize 's garifuna people are fighting to preserve endangered culture .  food and music provide easy , fulfilling entrees into unique afro-amerindian heritage .  drums -- both playing and making them -- are the heart of garifuna cultur .
 pakistan 's top court investigates alleged use of girls to settle tribal dispute <sec> a tribal council is alleged to have used girls and money to settle a dispute .  under the tradition , the girls must marry members of the tribe they are handed to .  the supreme court has ordered authorities to present the 13 girls on wednesday .  a provincial lawmaker denies accusations he presided over the tribal counci .
 michele bachmann tells the remarkable history of the women 's restroom on capitol hill <sec> cnn 's dana bash spent time with retiring rep. michele bachmann on capitol hill .  bachmann gave a tour of the capitol and showed how far women used to have to walk to the restroom .  she pointed out that john quincy adams died in what is today the ladies ' roo .
 kim kardashian , kris humphries : are you surprised ? <sec> kardashian files for divorce from her husband of 72 days on monday .  reality star cites irreconcilable differences , according to court documents .  source : most people probably were n't surprised the marriage faile .
 giffords makes progress ; staffer , man who shielded wife honored <sec> giffords is upgraded from critical to serious condition .  dorwan stoddard 's widow : `` he saved my life , and gave his for it . '' .  a memorial takes place for giffords staffer gabriel `` gabe '' zimmerma .
 captain america co-creator dies <sec> joe simon , co-creator of captain america , dies at 98 .  character has been a mainstay since the 1940s .  simon and jack kirby made comic books different from comic strip .
 mother-daughter book clubs : how they empower girls <sec> a new book , `` her next chapter , '' explores the benefits of mother-daughter book clubs .  author lori day started one in 2000 when her daughter was 8 .  she says the clubs can help girls deal with issues such as bullying and sexualization .  the book clubs also become a support system for other moms , she say .
 panel to declare franken winner of senate race <sec> recount tally favoring al franken will be announced monday , minnesota officials say .  incumbent norm coleman expected to challenge result .  coleman 's campaign says 650 rejected absentee ballots should have counte .
 four victims of connecticut shooter laid to rest <sec> the four men had worked for hartford distributors for around 30 years .  two shooting victims will be buried sunday and monday .  a candlelight vigil for the victims is scheduled for sunday evening .  connecticut gov . .  m. jodi rell has called for monday to be a day of remembranc .
 meet oswald , mickey 's lucky , techie 'big brother ' <sec> in `` epic mickey 2 : the power of two , '' oswald the lucky rabbit steps forward .  oswald was created by walt disney in 1927 , a year before mickey mouse .  designers say while mickey 's a `` boy scout , '' oswald is edgier .  even in the 1920s , oswald was a gadget-obsessed techi .
 uva women 's lacrosse honors slain teammate in first game since death <sec> team wears shirts that say , `` one team ; one heart ; one love , '' for yeardley love .  team wins 14-12 over towson in first game since love found dead in apartment may 3 .  towson team wore orange armbands stitched with her initials , y.l . .  love 's former boyfriend , george huguely , charged with first-degree murder in her deat .
 obama apologizes to nancy reagan for seance remark <sec> obama makes remark when reporter asks if he 's spoken to any ex-presidents .  `` i did n't want to get into a nancy reagan thing ... doing any seances , '' he says . .  reagan was derided for consulting astrologer over husband 's schedule .  first ladies hillary clinton , mary todd lincoln reportedly used spiritual adviser .
 gulf coast beaches update <sec> health officials have issued an advisory against swimming in alabama gulf waters .  visitors advised not to swim in waters from florida-alabama line to perdido key .  pensacola beach waters open wednesday for swimming and fishin .
 cnn student news - september 4 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 fallen pilot 's 10-year-old : do n't forget my dad <sec> last week , braydon nichols asked his mom when his dad was coming home .  bryan nichols was one of the soldiers who died in a chinook helicopter crash on saturday .  braydon was upset his dad was n't mentioned on the news , and asked his mom for help .  his ireport post about his father went viral online and on media outlet .
 barclays ' new boss : clever choice for a tough gig <sec> caplen : ideal time for new barclays ' chief executive to take over would be six months to a year from now .  but analysts and market watchers have been broadly positive about antony jenkins ' appointment .  the selection of jenkins is quite a clever choice -- he is from the consumer side of the bank and produces results .  but jenkins may have to accept that he spends the first six months to a year in his new job fighting fire .
 opinion : who wins in the gop civil war ? <sec> donna brazile : 2014 is shaping up to be a pivotal year for republicans .  brazile : an internal war is brewing between gop establishment and the tea party .  she says both sides are schooled in the tactics of extreme partisan gridlock .  brazile : get ready for a shutdown as candidates fight for votes in the gop primarie .
 apple manufacturing plant workers complain of long hours , militant culture <sec> rights groups accuse foxconn , maker of apple products , of a 'military like culture ' .  foxconn says it takes responsibility for 1.2 million chinese workers 'very seriously ' .  apple : ' we insist that our suppliers provide safe working conditions , treat workers with dignity ' .  apple raked in a record $ 46.3 billion in sales last quarte .
 starbucks ' critics are making a big mistake <sec> starbucks was trashed by many online for its `` race together '' initiative .  van jones : what kind of lesson will this have for other companies that try to do the right thing .
 duodeonoscopes : did fda miss a longtime problem ? <sec> duodeonoscopes were the cause of recent superbug infections and deaths at ucla .  the fda issued cleaning guidance last thursday .  doctors say they 've known about the trouble of cleaning them at least since 198 .
 vice premier to chinese tourists : be polite ! <sec> china vp wang says the country needs to project a better image of its tourists .  chinese are now the world 's highest spending tourists .  growth has also spurned backlash against mainland tourist .
 violence raises fears over nigeria vote <sec> a bomb blast on monday kills 3 people .  president goodluck jonathan calls for peace .  police blame boko haram , an islamist sect , for the attacks .  northern muslims in some areas charge the presidential election was rigge .
 taking a swim ? app lets users check water 's cleanliness first <sec> epa launches its my waterway app , available through the agency 's website .  software allows users to check the water quality in thousands of lakes , rivers and streams .  cnn uses app to check on d.c. waterways and found lots of polluted site .
 authorities : pilot of stolen plane captured after fleeing on foot <sec> new : fbi identifies pilot as adam leon of turkey , who is now a canadian citizen .  new : pilot , formerly known as yavuz berke , captured after landing plane , fleeing .  cessna aircraft was reported stolen from canadian flight school .  f-16 fighter jets intercepted plane , but pilot did n't respon .
 ivanovic jumps up tennis rankings after first title in two years <sec> ana ivanovic won her first title for two years in linz , austria on sunday .  former world no . .  1 defeated patty schnyder 6-1 6-2 to win hard-court event for second time .  serbian did not drop a set for the duration of the tournament .  the 22-year-old is now ranked 26 in the world after falling to a low of 65 this yea .
 china eyes arctic options in energy , transport <sec> six nations have been granted permanent observer status by the arctic council .  china , japan , india , south korea , singapore and italy became permanent observers .  the eu 's bid has been `` deferred '' , possibly due to an unresolved dispute with canada .  melting ice in the arctic region has opened up the north sea route , cutting shipping time .
 u.s. drone killing of american al-awlaki prompts legal , moral debate - cnnpolitics.com <sec> `` you do not kill people without warning in non-battlefield situations , '' law expert says .  `` if you 're a terrorist , you 're a terrorist , '' defense secretary panetta says .  president obama defends killing as `` a major blow '' against al qaeda .  terrorists do n't have access to u.s. courts , analyst say .
 newtown votes : sandy hook killer 's home to be razed <sec> adam lanza killed his mother at the home before killing 26 others at a school .  neighbors and townspeople have hoped that the house would be torn dow .
 is this sport 's ultimate space-age garden ? <sec> renowned short game coach dave pelz has turned his backyard into a golf paradise .  pelz has replicas from augusta tpc sawgrass and st andrew 's at his texas home .  the 70-year-old spent 15 years working for nasa before becoming a golf coach .  he 's worked with over 100 pros including five-time major champ phil mickelso .
 in iraq , colbert gets military haircut to show his solidarity <sec> stephen colbert tapes first of four shows he 'll produce in iraq this week .  comedian tells guest , the imposing gen. ray odierno , it 's like `` interviewing shrek '' .  at president obama 's taped orders , odierno cuts colbert 's hair to wild cheering .  sunday show to be televised on the comedy central network monday nigh .
 obama to seek more aid for moderate rebels in syria <sec> the $ 500 million request is part of a $ 1.5 billion regional stabilization initiative .  nsc spokeswoman : funding would `` defend '' syrians , counter terrorists and more .  the money would go to train and equip `` properly vetted '' opposition elements .  so far , u.s. aid to rebel forces has been limited to non-lethal material and light weapon .
 2 unicef staffers missing in pakistan <sec> 2 unicef staff members went missing in karachi on thursday , an official says .  police are investigating and in close contact with the staffers ' families .  gunmen also wounded a pakistani news anchor in an attack ther .
 white house eyes moving site of 9/11 trial <sec> moving site of 9/11 trial from manhattan under consideration , administration officials say .  new york lawmakers urging white house to re-examine plan to try terror suspects there .  justice department will make decision about any alternate sites , officials say .  officials : obama agrees with move to try khalid sheikh mohammed in civilian cour .
 sharon stone 's former maid sues over firing <sec> lawsuit claims sharon stone called the maid crazy and stupid .  a doctor ordered the maid not to lift heavy objects and to get bed rest , the suit says .  the maid 's suit comes less than a year after stone 's former nanny sue .
 ny businesswoman accused of killing son testifies <sec> gigi jordan testifies that she gave her son a lethal drug cocktail .  jude mirra , 8 , who was autistic , died from painkillers , other drugs , prosecutors say .  the defense says the desperate mother aimed to protect her son from a sexually abusive father .  jordan , charged with second-degree murder , faces 15 years to life in prison if convicte .
 video game 'mechwarrior ' honors young player 's memory <sec> sarah parries , 5 , was avid `` mechwarrior online '' player before her death in may .  the game 's developer created a `` mech '' designed and named in her honor .  proceeds from its sale go to the canadian cancer society .  it 's raised more than $ 54,00 .
 karadzic calls himself 'tolerant , ' says foes plotted massacre <sec> radovan karadzic is accused in the srebrenica massacre , in which about 8,000 muslims died .  his charges stem from the violence during the breakup of yugoslavia in the 1990s .  karadzic disguised himself and hid in plain sight for more 13 years before his capture .  he could face life in prison if convicte .
 manti te'o : a linebacker , a made-up girlfriend and a national hoax <sec> manti te'o is a hoax victim , notre dame says , but questions continue to pop up .  a sportswriter thinks te'o may have embellished his relationship .  an nfl football player says he has met a woman he thought was keku .
 30 years later , 'empire ' left a lasting mark <sec> 30 years later , fans remember seeing `` empire strikes back '' for the first time .  for some fans , it was a turning point in their lives .  consetta parker got her wish to marry a stormtrooper .  ireport : more `` empire '' memorie .
 texas police officer defends shooting a 93-year-old woman <sec> police officer stephen stem fatally shot pearlie golden , 93 , last week .  he was fired after a city council vote this weekend .  his attorney describes stem 's firing as a `` knee-jerk reaction .
 let 's not let robin thicke off the hook <sec> miley cyrus bore the brunt of public outcry after a salacious vma performance .  her singing partner during the show , robin thicke , has n't faced as much scrutiny .  fatherhood writer jim higley says that as a man , thicke dropped the ball .  higley says as a husband , father and human thicke should have had more respec .
 inside the case against aaron hernandez <sec> aaron hernandez , former football star , is behind bars facing three murder charges .  hernandez 's troubles surfaced in college , where he played for the florida gators .  his former friend also accuses him of shooting him in the eye .  hernandez has pleaded not guilty in the killing .
 audit : faa ineffective in program to keep animals from hitting planes <sec> about 27 airplanes each day hit an animal .  audit found faa inspectors lacked expertise , failed to keep complete records .  report made 10 recommendations .  faa rejects call for mandatory and full reportin .
 commentary : terrifying tumbleweeds <sec> bob greene : national issues such as economic crisis dominate news .  greene says that we quickly move from one crisis to the next .  greene : still there are regional concerns that never get a big spotlight .  some parts of the u.s. are plagued by `` tumbling tumbleweeds .
 maine police : staged kidnapping led to girl 's death <sec> kyle dube , 20 , of orono , maine , is indicted on kidnapping and murder charges .  nichole cable , 15 , died during his abduction of her , according to an affidavit .  dube intended to `` find '' the girl and look like a hero , his brother told police .  he faces 30 years to life on the kidnapping charge , 20 years to life for murde .
 ahmadinejad praises woman who pardons attacker <sec> the woman 's `` act of altruism '' is `` an honor for us , '' the president said .  ameneh bahrami stopped the punishment at the last minute on sunday .  pardons are common during the holy muslim month of ramada .
 here 's what you learn when you scan a mammoth <sec> university of michigan scientists compare 3-d scans of two mummified baby mammoths .  the resulting images of the scan suggest they both choked to death .  lyuba , the younger of the two , died when she was one month old , 40,000 years ago .  khroma died several thousand years earlie .
 breaking down the super bowl tech ads <sec> super bowl ads featured some of tech industry 's big players .  best buy made a splash with a rapid-fire amy poehler spot .  actors leave clothes on in go daddy kissing ad , but still offend some .  motorola , blackberry try to spur comebacks with ad .
 cholera : 10 killer facts <sec> cholera is a disease that affects the bowels and untreated .  malnourished and hiv-infected people are at a high risk for death if infected .  cholera is transmitted through contaminated water and food supplie .
 robbery claim overshadows officer id <sec> michael brown 's family `` beyond outraged , '' saying police are blaming victim .  police : after the shooting , an officer identified brown as the strong-arm robbery suspect .  darren wilson , a six-year veteran , is named as officer who shot brown .  governor says finding answers in michael brown 's death is still `` focal point .
 what could wreckage tell us about flight 370 's fate ? <sec> bent , deformed or scorched metal could reveal clues to investigators .  the search area suggests flight 370 's crew was n't in control of the jet , analyst says .  the flight data recorder is likely on the bottom , but would be a `` gold mine .
 cemetery with missing grave sites declared crime scene <sec> officials say there was scheme to resell plots , excavate the graves , dump remains .  four people face felony charges for their alleged involvement .  emmett till 's original casket found in dilapidated garage on cemetery grounds .  cemetery closed temporarily so officials can investigat .
 join our discussion about alzheimer 's <sec> join sandy halperin from 3 to 4 p.m . .  et on tuesday for a discussion about alzheimer 's .  log-in to your cnn disqus account to post your comment .
 foodies beware : the fda is after your french cheese - cnnpolitics.com <sec> fda rules target bacteria in french cheese .  the bad kind of e. coli bacteria is the culprit .  there is confusion over the rules , says a cheese shop manage .
 streep leaves no 'doubt ' with 'tooth and nail ' acting <sec> director john patrick shanley was `` quite astonished '' by streep 's acting in `` doubt '' .  she stars opposite another hollywood heavyweight , philip seymour hoffman .  shanley on shooting : `` the set became like the ring that prizefighters go into '' .  streep , hoffman and co-stars , viola davies and amy adams are all oscar nominate .
 our future : empty pockets , except for our phones <sec> already-useful smartphones are conquering new territory , most notably the wallet .  phones can replace your credit card , driver 's license , transit pass , keys , coupons and more .  the google wallet app went public september 19 for nexus s smartphones .  some say phone-wallet technology is promising but must become easier to us .
 this 104-year-old started a secret women 's shelter ; help her change alaska <sec> readers voted for john sutter to cover rape as part of cnn 's change the list project .  alaska has the highest rate of reported rape in the country -- three times the national average .  sutter : you can help reduce violence against women in alask .
