 'old ironsides ' sets sail in massachusetts <sec> sunday marks the 200th anniversary of the ship 's victory over a british frigate .  `` old ironsides '' sails under her own power for 17 minutes .  the sail marks only the second such trip since 188 .
 seema tomar : the village girl who shot to fame <sec> indian has defied odds to become one of her country 's finest competitive trap shooters .  tomar won two golds at the asian shotgun championships in november .  the 31-year-old learned her trade at small 10-meter range in village of johri .  tomar followed her mother into the sport overcoming gender stereotype .
 police investigate michael brown 's stepfather <sec> multiple agencies investigating whether louis head intended to incite riot last week .  head 's attorney and wife say he was hurt and angry when he spoke to crowds .  after announcement that wilson would not be indicted , ferguson erupted in chaos .  head shouted to crowd , `` burn this motherf -- -er down ! '' .  and `` burn this bitch down ! .
 nh police chief killed days before retirement <sec> the police chief in greeland , new hampshire has been shot to death .  he planned to retire in a few days .  greenland is a town 3,500 people located just south of portsmouth .  `` this is a tragedy for our community , '' official say .
 mother of octuplets has six other children <sec> grandmother of the eight babies : 'they are so tiny and so beautiful ' .  the father , a contract worker , is due to return to iraq , mother-in-law says .  mother of babies appeals for privacy while she recovers from giving birth .  large medical team monitoring babies ; each infant has two devoted nurse .
 blasts in patna , india kill 5 before rally for narendra modi <sec> blasts occurred before event began .  scores of people were injured .  the prime minister and candidate narendra modi appeal for calm .  explosions took place in bihar stat .
 federer back to his best with cincinnati win <sec> roger federer wins the masters 1000 tournament in cincinnati , ohio .  world number one beats novak djokovic in straight sets in sunday 's final .  federer bidding for third straight grand slam title at u.s. open next wee .
 homemade prison 'hooch ' suspected in arizona illnesses <sec> inmates become ill at arizona state prison .  they are being treated for suspected botulism poisoning .  officials believe prison `` hooch '' is the culpri .
 man tweets for weed ; job goes up in smoke <sec> tweeting for pot costs man his job .  police catch whiff of twitter request for weed .  police : `` can we come too ? '' .  retweeting request gains social media buz .
 nigeria hails rebel amnesty amid 'charade ' claim <sec> militants and commanders in oil-rich niger delta region join amnesty program .  fighters get pardon and promise of a job for laying down their weapons .  scheme dismissed as a charade by rebel umbrella group men .
 graff failure casts cloud over asian ipos <sec> graff diamonds s the third company in the past week to pull a hong kong ipo .  highlights the challenges facing groups that hope to list in asia in coming month .
 'watchmen ' finally ticks toward big-screen release <sec> comic-book movie , directed by zack snyder , took two decades to reach cinemas .  directors terry gilliam , darren aronofsky , paul greengrass , previously attached .  source material regarded by many as the best comic-book ever written .  co-creator alan moore has objected to the idea of story being made into movi .
 republicans name fiscal conservatives to debt committee <sec> new : carney says president obama will offer ideas to the panel .  sen. toomey says he expects the committee to begin its work soon .  boehner , mcconnell announce their republican choices for the panel .  a new poll shows most americans back tax hikes for the wealth .
 reuniting soldiers with dogs they left behind <sec> pen farthing , a former sergeant in the royal marines , founded nowzad dogs .  the nonprofit reunites stray dogs and cats with soldiers who took them in during combat .  farthing started the organization after adopting nowzad , a stray dog , in afghanista .
 competing claims over key town near tripoli <sec> new : a rebel commander says the opposition still has control of bir al-ghanam .  the town is 53 miles from tripoli , with little between .  the libyan pm says the town is back in the government 's control .  rebels said 1,500 opposition members joined saturday 's battl .
 football first xi : shocking moments <sec> football has produced some shocking moments down the years .  football fanzone has picked the worst 11 incidents from the past 25 years .  let us know if you disagree with our list or have others you want to sugges .
 u.s. has bold plan to stall climate change <sec> bill richardson : u.s announced plan to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 26 % to 28 % below 2005 levels by 2025 .  he says china , india , major corporations , cities among those already setting goals for cutting emissions . .  u.s. must lead in this effor .
 mario balotelli : police probe racist abuse directed at liverpool striker after tweet <sec> british police investigate abusive tweets sent to mario balotelli .  liverpool striker sent `` man utd ... lol '' tweet after rivals beaten by leicester city .  tweet was retweeted 150,000 times .  balotelli joined liverpool from milan in augus .
 french yacht smashes another world record <sec> l'hydroptere is the new fastest yacht over 500 meters and one nautical mile .  the boat is based in marseille and is skippered by frenchman alain thebault .  the crew are now poised to pass the 100 kilometers per hour mark ( 54 knots .
 miss america crowns 1st winner of indian descent <sec> nina davuluri is first indian-american miss america .  davuluri trained with famed bollywood choreographer .  the 24-year-old wants to be a physician .  some tweets focused on winner 's heritag .
 truth comes to the u.s. capitol <sec> sojourner truth was an abolitionist and women 's rights activist .  her bust will be on display at emancipation hall at the capitol visitor center .  ceremony follows a nearly 10-year effort by national congress of black women .  `` sojourner truth 's story will be told again and again , '' first lady michelle obama say .
 muhammad ali back in hospital <sec> muhammad ali is getting follow-up care for a urinary tract infection , a spokesman says .  he is expected to be released on friday , a day before his 73rd birthday .  the boxing legend was hospitalized for 18 days until he was originally released last wee .
 photos of drinking , grinning aid mission doctors cause uproar <sec> anesthesiologist who traveled with the group : `` their work was excellent '' .  photos emerge on facebook of doctors drinking and grinning among suffering haitians .  puerto rican medical ethics board meeting friday ; investigation announced .  some photos show smiling doctors holding guns , bottles of liquo .
 death toll up in love parade stampede <sec> twenty-one people have died in the tragedy .  more than 40 remain in hospitals .  the german chancellor wants a thorough investigatio .
 the world 's best airline is ... <sec> emirates named airline of the year at the skytrax world airline awards .  awards were voted on by 18.2 million passengers from 160 countries around the world .  cathay pacific cabin crew named world 's best , air asia top budget airlin .
 tropical storm debby forms in gulf of mexico <sec> new : louisiana parish plans to place sand bags along levee .  debby is the fourth named storm of the atlantic hurricane season .  tropical storm warnings are in effect along the louisiana coast .  evacuations ordered on gulf oil platforms , ri .
 richard iii , king found under parking lot , laid to rest <sec> remains of richard iii were sensationally rediscovered 530 years after death .  actor benedict cumberbatch , a distant cousin of king , reads poem at celebratory service .  historian phillippa langley said discovery had prompted researchers to rethink the kin .
 judge : jury selection , trial of james holmes could last 8 months <sec> jury selection in james holmes trial is set to start next february , court official says .  that process could take 2-3 months ; the trial may last 4-6 months , a judge says .  holmes faces 166 charges tied to a 2012 mass shooting at a colorado movie theate .
 5 key questions about georgia toddler 's hot-car death <sec> cooper harris died on june 18 ; his death was consistent with hyperthermia or overheating .  police have charged his father , justin ross harris , with murder .  court documents state harris researched child deaths in cars .  harris spoke to the crowd at cooper 's funeral , via speakerphon .
 california mom accused of shackling 10-year-old son <sec> irma navarro , 37 , is scheduled to appear in court monday .  she was booked on suspicion of willful child cruelty .  her three children have been placed in protective custod .
 u.s. support to nigeria beset by complications <sec> at least four nigerian soldiers are killed in an ambush .  kidnapping of schoolgirls an `` unconscionable crime , '' says kerry .  the united states is using drones and manned surveillance aircraft in nigeria .  concerns about intelligence sharing and civilian deaths complicate the situatio .
 comedian chris rock posts selfies of police stops <sec> chris rock posts selfies after being pulled over three times in last seven weeks .  `` stopped by the cops again wish me luck , '' he posted this wee .
 royal caribbean cruise ship returns home -- with a sickness record <sec> explorer of the seas has returned home to bayonne , new jersey .  passenger : `` are we bringing this virus off the ship with us ? '' .  the symptoms are consistent with norovirus .  cdc : the ship had 3,071 passengers and 1,165 crew member .
 convoy of ships heads to gaza in attempt to break blockade <sec> new : israeli official calls convoy of ships 'cheap political stunt ' .  government says it will stop flotilla taking aid to gaza .  knesset member among flotilla participants .  convoy aims to break 2007 israeli blockad .
 taliban : aid worker killed for preaching <sec> female aid worker fatally shot from a motorbike on way to work in kabul .  taliban claim responsibility , say woman killed for preaching christianity .  in kunduz , 2 german soldiers , 5 afghan children killed in suicide attack .  nato : more than 20 insurgents killed during two days of fighting in wardak provinc .
 google launches first-ever global online science fair <sec> google science fair is the first global online science competition .  fair open to full-time students ages 13 to 18 .  prizes include a trip to the galapagos islands and $ 120,000 in scholarship .
 bashar al-assad : president defined by violence <sec> bashar al-assad indicated he would be different kind of leader to his father .  but many say al-assad 's promises have largely not been delivered .  one former vice-president says bashar al-assad is both brutal and indecisive .  al-assad and his close-knit regime are digging in for what could be long war of attritio .
 ariel castro agrees to plea deal to avoid death penalty <sec> new : under a deal , castro would be imprisoned for life and never have a parole hearing .  new : the women who say castro held them captive say they 're 'relieved ' by the deal .  ariel castro has agreed to take the plea deal -- life plus 1,000 years .  castro is accused of holding the women for about a decad .
 palace guard yanked off royal wedding duty over facebook posts <sec> cameron reilly used an offensive term to describe pakistanis on his page .  the ministry of defence says it would `` not be appropriate '' to have him on parade friday .  prince william is marrying kate middleton at westminster abbey .  british media say the soldier called middleton a `` stupid stuck up cow .
 opinion : 'hard day 's night , ' best summer movie ever <sec> gene seymour : best summer movie ? .  `` hard day 's night , '' 50 years ago this weekend .  it was exhilarating for teens to see anarchy , smarts , daring of beatles on big screen , he says .  film shows in 50 cities this weekend . .  he first saw it at 11 , it sent him over the moon , he says .  seymour : his own son reacted same way . .  you wo n't find better movie out there this summe .
 budget cuts force bronx zoo to 'fire ' animals <sec> state budget cuts threaten funding for zoos , aquariums and botanical gardens .  new york 's 76 zoos , aquariums and botanical gardens will lose $ 9.1 million .  bronx zoo : some animals wo n't be replaced ; others may go to zoos , sanctuaries .  zoos in florida , maryland , missouri and north carolina face budget cut .
 will apple lawsuit mean cheaper e-books ? <sec> doj lawsuit against apple will likely lower e-book prices -- at least for now .  government says apple conspired with publishers to drive up book prices .  amazon , which sold books cheaper for the kindle , says its prices will soon drop .  some fear settlements will tilt field too far in amazon 's favo .
 state department targets more funds to fight child trafficking in haiti <sec> before the earthquake , the u.s. provided $ 500,000 for to protect haitian children from trafficking .  unicef has anecdotal evidence about the trafficking of haitian children .  the international labour organization reports 12.3 million people are 'laboring in bondage .
 what 's wrong with romney the candidate <sec> gloria borger : romney comment about the `` 47-percenters '' inexplicable at first .  she says romney views the world from the point of view of a business executive .  romney was telling audience what he thought they wanted to hear , she says .  borger : romney views electoral politics as `` what he has to do to get into office and fix things .
 suspected drug lord arrested in mexico <sec> suspected principal operator for beltran-leyva drug cartel in mexico captured .  four bodyguards arrested in addition to hector huerta rios .  mexico offers rewards for information leading to capture of drug cartel operatives .  huerta 's capture the third major arrest announced in past wee .
 police arrest man in killing of auburn student <sec> courtney larrell lockhart , 23 , charged with three counts of capital murder .  auburn university student lauren burk found shot tuesday , died at hospital .  burk 's car found minutes later engulfed in flames in campus parking lo .
 personal details of new uk spy chief on facebook <sec> new : analyst : leak is an embarrassment at the least , possibly worse .  wife of new spy chief john sawers posted family details on social networking site .  foreign office : foreign service officers advised to exercise caution on web sites .  uk foreign minister : it 's not a state secret that he wears speedo swimsuit .
 experts discuss why `` smart city '' tech revolution has n't moved faster <sec> unfulfilled promises of superwired smart cities spark a dubious backlash .  expert : stifling u.s. bureaucracy and fear of risk stand in the way .  some u.s. cities are embedding data sensors in energy grids , buildings , traffic hubs .  smart tech could save billions of dollars and reduce energy use , traffic jams , carbon pollutio .
 opinion : badass hero tara shows cats rule <sec> everybody has seen video of cat bravely and boldly saving a boy being attacked by a dog .  sally kohn : dogs get press for integrity , but when 's the last time a tabby mauled a kid ? .  kohn : tara proves not all cats are lazy , fat garfields or mean and creepy mr. bigglesworth .
 secret service member arrested in miami <sec> president obama had been campaigning in miami on thursday .  the arrested man is accused of disorderly intoxication , resisting arrest without violence .  he was released to secret service member .
 caroline wozniacki ends wait for her first win of 2013 <sec> caroline wozniacki wins her first title of the year at the luxembourg open .  the dane thanks her dog bruno in victory speech .  bulgarian grigor dimitrov wins first atp tour title in stockholm .  tommy haas wins in austria , richard gasquet triumphs in russi .
 yulia tymoshenko walks out of prison , and back into ukrainian politics <sec> `` i 'm the guarantor of that ukraine , '' she tells a crowd .  she has had a complicated relationship with yanukovych .  she was imprisoned for signing a gas deal with russi .
 amc grabs 'walking dead ' companion series pilot <sec> amc has ordered a pilot for a `` walking dead '' companion series .  the series will be in a different location and with a different cast .  it includes some of the same creative team .  few other details are known about the projec .
 cameroon elephant slaughter latest in string of killings <sec> nearly 40 endangered forest elephants were killed in 2 parks .  300 sudanese poachers on horseback are believed to be responsible .  forest and savanna elephant populations have declined drastically .  central african nations agree to mobilize 1,000 soldiers to fight poachin .
 former guards accused of smuggling cell phones into texas prison <sec> former prison guards are charged with racketeering for allegedly smuggling cell phones .  officials say prison inmates used the phones to plot serious crimes , including killings .  the arrests of 17 former corrections officers were part of operation prison cel .
 inside the $ 150m rolls royce of yachts <sec> the pj world yacht is priced at more than $ 150m .  it has its own helicopter hangar and six-man submarine .  the yacht 's hull and engine are designed to emit low emission .
 new investigation finds excess alcohol killed singer amy winehouse <sec> the new probe finds that amy winehouse died of accidental alcohol poisoning .  earlier probe that found the same was thrown out when coroner credentials questioned .  the 27-year-old singer was found dead at her home in north london in july 2011 .  she had battled with alcohol and drug abuse for several year .
 gay florida teen accepts plea deal , prosecutor says <sec> kaitlyn hunt will plead no contest to five charges under new deal , prosecutor says .  hearing now scheduled for thursday morning for her to formally enter plea .  she has been charged with felony charges from a relationship with a schoolmate .  she is in jail after violating a no-contact orde .
 federal agents arrest 'designer drug ' makers in nationwide raids <sec> federal task force arrest dozens of people across the united states .  dea says they were making and selling illegal synthetic drugs including fake pot , bath salts .  ice official : this is a `` huge blow '' to criminal organizations that deal the drugs .  bath salts are n't like ones you use in the tub , more akin to cocain .
 long island residents sue utilities , charge 'gross negligence ' after sandy <sec> more than 13,000 customers are still without power on long island , a utility says .  two long island residents are suing utilities after no electricity for days in the wake of sandy .  the plaintiffs ' attorney hopes other residents will join in the suit as a class action .  the power companies say their focus continues to be on restoring electricit .
 rangel claims victory ; cochran holds off tea party <sec> longtime lawmaker charlie rangel claims victory in tough new york primary .  six-term incumbent thad cochran holds off tea party challenge .  rep. lankford wins gop senate primary in oklahom .
 real estate agent 's killing hits home for realtors <sec> the death of beverly carter , 49 , has resonated among fellow real estate agents .  one security expert describes it as a `` drastic wake-up call '' .  `` she was just a woman who worked alone -- a rich broker , '' suspect say .
 suspected mexican cop-killers reportedly arrested <sec> four arrested in deaths of 12 federal officers last week in southwestern mexico .  suspects believed to have taken orders from boss of la familia michoacana cartel .  report : police say jose alberto lopez barron had gun traced to a slain officer .  killings among series of reprisals by la familia after capture of one of their leader .
 dr. craig spencer , ebola free , showered with applause <sec> spencer urged that focus return to `` real heroes '' treating ebola in west africa .  spencer was diagnosed with ebola last month after returning from guinea .  he was the first person to test positive for the virus in new york cit .
