 zsa zsa gabor to become new mother at 94 , husband says <sec> gabor 's husband says he 's looking for an egg donor and surrogate to carry gabor 's baby .  `` that 's just weird , '' gabor 's daughter says .  the actress suffered major health problems in the past year .  `` i can take care of it , '' prince von anhalt say .
 first lady steps out , quietly does some shopping at target <sec> store manager : `` it was as big a surprise to us as it was to everyone else '' .  dressed casually , michelle obama shops at a washington-area target store .  the first lady 's spokeswoman says `` it is not uncommon '' for obama to get out of the white hous .
 al qaeda acknowledges u.s. drone kills its no . 2 man in yemen <sec> hardly anyone has been rumored dead as often as al-shihri .  he was once a prisoner in guantanamo .  he was released in 2008 to his native saudi arabia .  but he made a break for yemen , rising to its leadership rank .
 not working for scale : tuna sets record price <sec> the record-setting fish will be split by a tokyo restaurant and a hong kong chain .  the first auction of the new year typically brings the highest prices .  sushi is increasingly popular across asia , not just japa .
 25 of mankind 's greatest engineering feats <sec> dubai 's palm islands comprise 100 million cubic meters of rock and sand .  pyramid of the sun in teotihuacan , mexico , is third tallest pyramid in the world .  london underground is used for more than 1 billion journeys every yea .
 mexico lashes out against report of u.s. spying <sec> der spiegel : nsa `` systematically '' eavesdropped on mexican government .  it hacked into public e-mail of former president , according to the german news magazine .  mexico calls for a speedy investigation into the allegations .  nsa : `` the u.s. gathers foreign intelligence of the type gathered by all nations .
 why men should be more like brad pitt <sec> academic anne-marie slaughter says brad pitt is 'posterchild for engaged fatherhood ' .  equality is n't just about women 's issues , it 's about men sharing breadwinning and caregiving .  many men find it difficult to take time out from work to care for famil .
 how gop can rebound from its 'waterloo ' <sec> david frum says republicans suffered a big defeat with passage of health care .  frum says it 's not realistic to think the bill 's benefits , which will be popular , can be repealed .  he says gop can pledge to stave off higher taxes and more regulation of small businesses .  frum : strategy served interests of talk radio by whipping up anger but led gop astra .
 risky business : football 's middle men eye rich pickings in transfer window <sec> football 's january transfer window opened on new year 's day in europe .  window reveals tensions between clubs , players and their agents .  as few as 25-30 % of international transfers are concluded using licensed agents .  world governing body fifa receives 3,500 complaints a year relating to transfer .
 escaped inmates captured in nebraska <sec> the men were captured in alliance , nebraska , after a car chase .  kentucky state police say men assaulted three brothers , took guns , cash and clothes .  the suspects broke out of branchville correctional facility near tell city , indian .
 colombia volcano erupts twice in less than a week <sec> authorities order evacuation of 8,000 people who live near galeras volcano .  no injuries reported ; volcano erupts for second time in less than a week .  nearby city of pasto receives downpour of ashe .
 strong earthquake jolts southern philippines <sec> new : no immediate reports of injuries from the 6.2-magnitude quake .  quake struck some 1,100 km ( 680 miles ) south of manila , the usgs says .  philippines is located on the quake-prone `` ring of fire '' .  pacific tsunami warning center did not issue a tsunami warnin .
 top seed sharapova crashes out of wta tournament in paris <sec> maria sharapova exits paris open at quarterfinal stage .  top seed beaten in straight sets by angelique kerber of germany .  sharapova set to rise to no.2 in the new rankings despite defeat .  current no.2 petra kvitova pulls out of qatar open through injur .
 obama : 'i hear you ' <sec> obama spoke for the first time since the election .  gop will hold at least 52 senate seats , according to cnn projection .
 report : stray jet 's pilots were on laptops <sec> new : delta statement : `` using laptops ... will result in termination '' .  new : pilots have been suspended until investigations conclude .  northwest says it 's offering $ 500 travel vouchers to passengers .  flight overshot minneapolis by 150 miles ; feds interview flight attendant .
 georgia slaying victim had just won lawsuit <sec> new : police said all of the victims died from `` blunt force trauma '' .  the $ 25,000 award from suit was under appeal .  warrant lists eight counts of first-degree murder for guy heinze jr . .  heinze is the son of the man who won the lawsui .
 why would anyone want to be president ? <sec> dean obeidallah : with politics so hyperpolarized , who would want to be president ? .  so many challenges , he says , but the biggest is unreasonable , demanding voters .  he says we treat political leaders like reality show players , up one day , down the next .  obeidallah : we run risk of ending up with leaders who tell us only what we want to hea .
 a 'bat signal ' to defend the open internet <sec> internet defense league aims to mobilize web activists .  the group says it is a `` bat signal '' for the internet .  web companies helped defeat anti-piracy legislation earlier this year .  a group called fight for the future is behind the campaig .
 should poll give gop hope for 2014 ? not yet <sec> tim stanley : cnn poll shows gop is now ahead for 2014 midterm elections .  he says it shows voters react to events , in this case obamacare snafus , are volatile .  he says shutdown hurt gop , but christie and virginia race offered some good news .  stanley : obama coalition not inviolable ; voters fed up with him and congress , will shif .
 conflicting accounts in heightened eastern ukraine fighting <sec> new : rocket attacks damage hospital , kill one man .  ukraine claims 300 pro-russia militants dead in fighting .  separatist official puts number at 10 , says fighters downed government aircraft .  cnn ca n't independently confirm the account .
 malaysia to release mh370 report , prime minister tells cnn <sec> new : the bluefin-21 has combed 95 % of a search area with no significant results .  passenger 's partner accuses malaysian prime minister of deflecting blame .  the pm asked an investigation team to see what other information can be released .  malaysia delivered a preliminary report to the u.n. but did not release it publicl .
 dakar : 'capital of franco-african fashion ' <sec> dakar 's annual fashion week carving name as international draw .  first launched by senegalese designer adama ndiaye , founder of label adama paris .  organizers hope to one day reach heights of paris and new york .  majority of designers and models hail from across afric .
 contador - i will never admire armstrong <sec> alberto contador launches an attack on astana teammate lance armstrong .  tour de france winner admits he will never have admiration for the american .  contador beat andy schleck by over four minutes to gain his second tour wi .
 texas attorney general accuses hotel , motel of ike price gouging <sec> hotel , motel accused of illegally raising prices as evacuees fled hurricane ike .  texas attorney general greg abbott files lawsuit against the two businesses .  attorney general : hotel charged $ 99.99 for room that had cost $ 49.99 days earlier .  about 1.2 million gulf coast residents moved inland to avoid worst of ik .
 turkey , nato scout locations for missile protection from syria <sec> new : russian official blasts idea , saying it 's `` creating more problems than it might solve '' .  at least 131 people are killed across syria on tuesday , an opposition group says .  turkey says a missile system would be used only defensively against syrian threats .  the syrian government says it killed a large number of al qaeda terrorist .
 'world 's largest building ' opens in china <sec> new century global center is the 'largest freestanding building in the world ' .  mega-structure capable of housing 20 sydney opera houses .  attractions include an imax cinema , water park and luxury retail outlet .
 brazil gang 's slaughter of police sparks fightback <sec> police strike back after about 100 cops killed by gang in sao paulo , brazil .  operation saturation stages raids in shantytowns ; dozens arrested .  in one raid on the pcc gang a possible hit list of police officers was found .  locals concerned that when the police leave , the gangs will no .
 federal air marshals back in spotlight after attempted plane bombing <sec> federal air marshals spend a lot of time on commercial flights reading , staying inconspicuous .  if they 're doing their job right , passengers should not notice air marshals aboard flight .  concept of air marshals originates in early 1960s , when rash of flights to cuba hijacked .  background in law enforcement not required but preferre .
 north korean defectors return rhetorical fire <sec> true war on korean peninsula being fought in whispers , secret phone lines and smuggled radios .  s. korean propagandist : angry rhetoric product of kim jong un 's weak standing as a new leader .  north korean defectors work at daily nk , a seoul-based website monitoring north korea .  many at the publication fear that poor decisions can be made in times of fea .
 kristen stewart : shooting 'breaking dawn ' sex scenes was 'surreal ' <sec> kristen stewart says even she was shocked by what her character does between the sheets .  off-screen , stewart 's sex life is also of interest .  she is currently shooting `` snow white and the huntsman .
 at 3 p.m. , americans take a minute to reflect <sec> commission on remembrance asks americans to pause , reflect at 3 p.m. monday .  group hopes act will reclaim memorial day as `` sacred and noble holiday '' .  observances include interruption of major league baseball games .  shoppers in grocery stores asked to take a minute to remember our falle .
 bird-eating frog among 163 new species found in mekong region <sec> discoveries highlight extent of region 's biodiversity , world wildlife fund says .  100 plants , 28 fish , 18 reptiles , 14 amphibians , two mammals , 1 bird species found .  wwf : pace of development in region , climate change threaten species to extinction .  since 1997 , nearly 1,200 new species have been discovered in greater mekon .
 enterovirus d68 : my son was 'gasping for breath ' <sec> enterovirus d68 is sending children with breathing problems to the hospital .  david nash fell ill in august with typical enterovirus symptoms .  the 3-year-old was hospitalized but has since recovere .
 superstar team takes on 'superman ' <sec> geoff johns and john romita jr. begin their run on `` superman '' starting with issue # 32 .  romita is the son of acclaimed spider-man artist ( and a spider-man artist himself ) .  romita admits to being nervous about taking on superman .  new characters will be introduced , along with the new take on the man of stee .
 argentine court blocks google 'suggested ' searches <sec> new : internet freedom advocates criticize the move , calling it a `` slippery slope '' .  an organization representing the jewish community filed an injunction .  a judge granted the injunction this week .  it affects certain results and websites that have been deemed anti-semiti .
 britney spears downplays bodyguard 's sex harassment suit <sec> a former bodyguard says he was `` humiliated and traumatized '' by spears .  flores says his supervisors `` ignored or mocked '' his complaints .  spears says state officials have already cleared her on the child accusation .
 ecuador court upholds $ 8.6 billion ruling against chevron <sec> an ecuadorian appeals court upheld the ruling against chevron .  the fine will double if chevron does not apologize .  the company says the case is fraudulent .  it does not believe the ruling is enforceabl .
 why the time for a china-india water treaty is now <sec> china , india need to agree on water management of yarlung-zangbo river .  precedent for this when india and pakistan signed indus water treaty in 1960 .  chinese construction of zangmu dam already causing concern for new delh .
 princeton beats harvard ( in magazine ranking ) <sec> williams again gains top ranking in liberal-arts category .  this year 's methodology puts more emphasis on outcomes .  it gives less weight to high school ranking .
 rugby player loses testicle after final defeat <sec> british rugby player paul wood loses testicle during a match on saturday .  wood suffered the injury while playing for warrington wolves against leeds rhino .  despite incurring the injury early in the second half , wood played on .  warrington lost the match at old trafford 26-1 .
 dronestagram uses social media to highlight drone strikes <sec> dronestagram aims to show the impact of drone strikes .  british artist james bridle uses instagram , tumblr and twitter for project .  advocates praise drones ' effectiveness , while critics decry too many civilian deaths .  artist : `` it 's about trying to make it ( drone warfare ) literally visible .
 security expert : peshawar attack demonstrates arrogance of taliban <sec> car bomb in peshawar market killed at least 100 people , injured many more .  of recent attacks by the taliban , geddes says : `` it 's the purest essence of terrorism '' .  pakistani forces fighting taliban militants in increasingly difficult conditions .  geddes : taliban employing risky tactic of terrorizing nation with indiscriminate attack .
 radio station in the sky warns haitians not to attempt boat voyage <sec> message warns haitians they 'll be intercepted and sent home if they attempt ocean voyage .  u.s. air force plane broadcasts message five hours a day along with voice of america news .  department of homeland security planning response to potential mass migration .  haitians who have valid visas can fly to the united states on commercial flight .
 andy roddick : scrap hawk-eye or change system <sec> andy roddick says he would abolish or significantly alter the challenge system in tennis .  roddick feels that some of the entertainment value is gone from tennis .  roger federer , considered a traditionalist , has never been a fan of hawk-eye .  roddick also says he would do away with lets in tennis , with play continuin .
 woman hitches rides on planes to 46 states <sec> still to go on amber nolan 's list : utah , oklahoma , kansas and hawaii .  she hangs around general aviation airports and befriends pilots to get rides .  along the way , nolan works odd jobs to earn some mone .
 promoted cardiff shock manchester city in epl <sec> promoted cardiff shock big-spending manchester city with 3-2 victory .  striker fraizer campbell scores twice for the resurgent welsh club .  it was cardiff 's first home match in the top division in 51 years .  tottenham 's 1-0 win over swansea gives london side second victor .
 'american idol ' champ ruben studdard to compete on 'the biggest loser ' <sec> the velvet teddy bear would like to shed more weight .  studdard will be the first famous face on `` the biggest loser '' .  he said he is doing it for his healt .
 catalans plan human chain today in their call for secession from spain <sec> organizers say 370,000 people have signed up to take part .  the chain is expected to stretch for 400 kilometers ( about 250 miles ) .  catalan politicians are calling for a vote on self-determination by the end of 2014 .  but the spanish government says that catalonia already has sufficient home-rule power .
 north korea shows signs of preparing for nuclear test , south says <sec> new : south korean official cites indications another test is being planned .  u.s. commander in south korea also cancels trip to washington this week .  seoul says pyongyang is trying to make headlines as a scare tactic .  switzerland offers to host a meeting between north and south kore .
 ireland 's writers return home for inspiration <sec> county clare 's rough and wild landscape inspires mary o'donnell .  john mcauliffe returns to his childhood home in listowel to recharge his writing .  elaine garvey heads to sligo and the beach north of town to think and inspire her writin .
 for pedicures , be careful where you step <sec> some people get fungal nails or infections from pedicures .  make sure that instruments are getting sterilized properly .  tubs need to be cleaned with an epa-registered hospital disinfectan .
 rafael nadal urges tighter drugs control <sec> rafael nadal wants stricter drug controls in tennis .  sport has been hit by several drug scandals in recent months .  itf has introduced a biological passport program to battle the problem .  czech tennis player banned for six months after positive test for sibutramin .
 scott brown in 2016 : why not ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> there 's a difference between running for president and `` running '' for president .  scott brown served part of one term in the senate before losing his re-election bid .  there 's almost no downside in a politician saying he 's considering a presidential run .  even some of his former advisers say they do n't know what brown is up t .
 crime novelist p.d . james dies at 94 <sec> p.d . .  james , noted crime novelist , dies at 94 .  james created detective adam dalgliesh , one of most renowned in modern lit .  among her other books : `` the children of men , '' made into 2006 fil .
 migrant teen 's huge loss chasing his american dream <sec> honduran teen tells how he lost his leg trying to get to the u.s . .  he fell from the outside of a train rumbling through mexico .  it 's a trip also attempted by tens of thousands of other desperate childre .
 irish daily star editor resigns over duchess ' topless photos <sec> images showed duchess sunbathing with prince william in southern france .  the grainy pictures appear to be taken with a long camera lens .  palace officials quickly blasted the images , calling them a `` grotesque '' invasion of privac .
 u.s.-israel spat does n't point to a divorce ( opinion ) <sec> israel 's defense minister is snubbed by top u.s. officials , who also speak negatively about prime minister .  aaron miller says it would be a mistake to portray this as a real crisis in relationship .  american presidents have often rapped israel , sometimes leading to positive outcomes .  miller : the problem with the latest eruption is that it 's pointless and unproductiv .
 opinion : son , this is how to be a man <sec> michael alandu : son , i 'll be gone for father 's day , working to help women in drc .  he says life there is hell for many , particularly women who are vulnerable to attacks .  he aims to educate men that respecting all , including women , uplifts the community .  alandu : son , when you are grown , you must treat everyone , including women , with dignit .
 cnn journalist : 'we wanted to believe ' nigerian girls would be freed <sec> cnn 's isha sesay is personally driven to continue to tell the story of kidnapped nigerian school girls .  she went to africa because sources told her that terror group boko haram would release the girls .  boko haram 's leader said that the girls would not be freed , but had been married off .  the turn of events felt like a crushing blow to so many who have fought for the girls to return hom .
 why central african republic is slipping close to catastrophe <sec> a coalition of rebel groups ousted the central african republic 's president in march .  since the , 0.4 million people have been displaced and a million left dependent on aid .  reports of inter-communal violence have sparked fears of a slide into religious conflict .  france is sending 1,000 troops to join 400 already deployed in the african natio .
 netherlands nationalizes sns reaal <sec> dutch finance minister jeroen dijsselbloem said he had `` looked at every alternative .  the state will inject €2.2bn , while forgiving €800m the bank still owed from its earlier bailout .  the finance ministry said the bank 's management would receive no bonuse .
 spain train crash victims mourned at memorial mass <sec> new : a memorial mass at santiago de compostela 's cathedral honors the 79 killed .  an archbishop offers prayers and praises those who rushed to aid victims .  driver garzon is charged with 79 counts of homicide by professional recklessness .  they were killed after the train derailed wednesday near the northwestern spanish tow .
 u.s. preparing massive arms deal for saudi arabia , defense official says <sec> the $ 60 billion deal would include fighter planes , helicopters and high-tech bombs .  a large aim of such sales is to provide capability against iran , the official says .  the deal must go before congress before being finalize .
 anna duritskaya 's mom speaks out on boris nemtsov death <sec> girlfriend anna duritskaya is under constant pressure by police , her mother says .  boris nemtsov , a staunch critic of putin 's , was gunned down as he walked with duritskay .
