 google bans porn on google glass <sec> the first pornographic app for google glass was announced on monday morning .  google quickly added a section to its developer policies banning sexually explicit material .  the company behind the app plans on altering the product to comply with the new term .
 at least 1,000 await rescue from colorado flooding as flights resume <sec> new : state raises death toll by one , to a total of eight .  more than 3,000 families register for fema help , agency head says .  some communities run low on food , water , officials say .  as many as 1,500 homes destroyed in one county , officials sa .
 how to copy your favorite singer 's style <sec> musicians like katy perry , lady gaga , nicki minaj , ke $ ha influence fashion trends .  rock singers often wear clothing that can be purchased at stores like hot topic .  copycat blogs allow you to bring musician-influenced style into your wardrob .
 san bernardino files for bankruptcy <sec> san bernardino has lost revenues in the housing and economic downturns .  the city is at the eastern tip of the greater los angeles area .  expert : city bankruptcies could increase , if other cities see it can be done .  the city faced a $ 45 million shortfall as millions in revenues have evaporate .
 new california law gives undocumented immigrants driver 's licenses <sec> gov . .  jerry brown : `` no longer are undocumented people in the shadows '' .  the new law will allow undocumented immigrants to get driver 's licenses .  brown says he hopes other states will follow california 's example .  driver 's licenses have been at the heart of a nationwide immigration debat .
 former army soldier allegedly tried to join terrorist group in somalia <sec> the man was arrested friday as he returned to the united states .  authorities say he had traveled to kenya and was hoping to gon on to somalia .  prosecutors say he claimed he intended to join the terrorist group al-shabaab .  an official says there is no indication that any military information was compromise .
 iraqi official : 48 syrians killed in attack in western iraq <sec> most of the 48 syrians were soldiers ; nine iraqi soldiers were also killed .  their convoy was ambushed by gunmen using roadside bombs and machine guns .  the violence raises concerns that syria 's civil war could spill over into ira .
 high court rules cross does n't violate separation of church and state <sec> justices say war memorial does n't violate constitution 's first amendment .  mojave memorial cross was placed on national parkland in california desert .  5-4 majority says transfer of land around cross to veterans groups was proper .  in dissent , justice says land transfer does n't remedy constitutional concern .
 reporter held for 21 days in iranian jails <sec> iason athanasiadis arrested at tehran airport on june 19 .  journalist had been on assignment for the washington times .  spent the next 21 harrowing days in iranian prisons accused of espionage .  released after intense diplomatic effort by greek governmen .
 1,800-year-old marble head unearthed in israel <sec> archaeologists in israel unearth tiny marble figurine .  details on bust suggest it is that of an athlete , probably a boxer .  `` high level of finish on the figurine is extraordinary , '' archaeologist says .  stash of gold coins was found last month at the same sit .
 world bank : football field of forest lost every two seconds <sec> world bank : illegal logging now a `` global epidemic '' with a football field lost every two seconds .  estimates that illegal logging accounts for as much as 90 % of all timber felled each year .  illegal forestry generates as much as $ 15 billion a year worldwide , run by organized crime .  a study found that the probability of punishment is less than 0.1 .
 malaysia airlines flight 17 : a franz ferdinand moment ? <sec> russia is in the dock over mh17 , despite few confirmed facts , says alexander nekrassov .  nekrassov says ukraine has blamed moscow for the crash , accusing it of arming rebels .  but he says it would be tough for kiev to argue how a `` rag tag army '' could bring down a plane .  the tragedy will hopefully focus international attention on ending the ukraine bloodshed , he say .
 street kids in afghanistan : a cnn reporter revisits child beggars <sec> abawi meets banafsha while doing a story about a school for street kids .  banafsha and her sisters beg on the streets for food .  abawi runs into banafsha 's sisters six months later .  banafsha receives some help from a charity , but the family is still strugglin .
 somali president calls for help in battling islamist militias <sec> president sheikh sharif sheikh ahmed speaking at a conference in mogadishu .  ahmed fears foreign fighters will turn somalia into another iraq or afghanistan .  fighting in past two days kills more than 40 civilians .  u.s. says al-shabab militants are affiliated with al qaeda networ .
 how itunes changed music , and the world <sec> apple 's itunes store launched april 28 , 2003 .  by 2010 , itunes was the largest music retailer on the planet .  despite some gripes , itunes was a perfect fit for our instant-gratification culture .  services such as pandora and spotify are supplanting itunes among young listener .
 uk warns of israel travel amid passport scandal <sec> uk warns citizens who travel to israel passports could be copied for `` improper uses '' .  miliband : passports used by hamas leader 's killers were copied by israel .  mahmoud al-mabhouh , founding member of hamas ' military wing , found dead jan. 20 in dubai .  dubai police believe he was killed by secretive israeli foreign intelligence unit mossa .
 germany stunned by serbia at world cup <sec> milan jovanovic scores for serbia from close range in first half .  german striker miroslav klose sent off for second yellow card .  serbian goalkeeper stojkovic saves lukas podolski 's second half penalty .  loss is germany 's first defeat in world cup group stage since 198 .
 americans , afghan civilians killed in weekend violence <sec> anne smedinghoff `` was doing what she loved , '' her parents say .  the 25-year-old is believed to be the first u.s. diplomat killed since benghazi .  two civilians and 3 u.s. service members were killed delivering books to a school .  at least 11 children killed in an afghan/nato operation saturday , officials sa .
 5 things you need to know about ukraine 's crimea region <sec> tensions are running high in ukraine 's crimea peninsula .  the region has historically been part of russia , but it 's ukrainian now .  a lot of ethnic russians live there , but so do ukrainians and tatars who are anti-russian .  part of the russian navy is based in crime .
 tiger woods ' ex-caddie williams sorry for racist remark <sec> steve williams : `` i sincerely apologize to tiger and anyone else i have offended '' .  the new zealander was sacked by tiger woods in july after 13 years together .  he now caddies for australian golfer adam scott , who says he will not sack him .  woods ' agent says williams ' comments at awards dinner were `` regrettable .
 former pro ben plays 612 holes in 16 hours <sec> ex golf professional plays 612 holes in 16 hours to raise money for charity .  indiana-based ben berger averaged over two rounds an hour in the feat .  he finishes with an eagle three on a par-five hole at juday creek golf clu .
 veteran materazzi handed new inter deal <sec> marco materazzi handed new three-year contract by italian champions .  the 35-year-old defender now tied to inter milan until the summer of 2012 .  the center-back 's existing deal was due to expire in a year 's time .  inter complete signing of brazilian midfielder thiago motta from geno .
 review : 'the butler ' is worth seeing <sec> `` the butler '' is based on a true story .  it 's a sweeping story over several years .  critic praises stars forest whitaker and oprah winfrey for their performance .
 staying safe while using facebook on mobile phones <sec> managing facebook security and privacy is difficult from a mobile phone .  mobileactive releases a guide to mobile security on the social network .  guide says it may be safer to use facebook 's mobile site than its app .  wi-fi connections may present their own security concern .
 venezuela to help nicaragua after u.s. rebuff <sec> u.s. cancels $ 62 million of aid from the millennium challenge corporation .  ortega : 'obama expresses good will , but ... has same policies as reagan ' .  ortega called the decision not to follow through on the payment 'disrespectful .
 video shows horror of oslo bombing 's aftermath <sec> johan christian tandberg was at the scene when a bomb went off .  he grabbed a camera and started filming .  tandberg says the 9/11 attacks were the first thing he thought of .  the sounds of alarm bells and broken glass crunching underfoot punctuate the video .  apparent right-wing extremist anders breivik is charged with the bombing and mass shooting that killed 7 .
 missing aig insurance executive dead , family says <sec> omar meza , 33 , went missing on january 8 at a resort in palm desert , california .  his jacket and wallet were found on the resort 's golf course , news outlets report .  the body of a male was found , but it has n't been identified , authorities sa .
 lindsay lohan : the reality show we do n't want to watch <sec> to the public , lindsay lohan is ending her year much in the same way it began .  the star 's personal and professional difficulties have become an all too familiar cycle .  the coverage has become so commonplace , she 's turned into an easy target .  yet this year , the joke seems to have become as tired as the saga itsel .
 four-legged colbert wins dog photo contest <sec> `` stephen colbert el dos '' beats mozart in dog beauty pageant .  contest web site says mozart fans violated the voting rules .  mozart , a 6-year-old cavalier king charles spaniel , had been winnin .
 opinion : bigotry drags marriage back to supreme court <sec> lz granderson : in 1958 , police arrested couple for violating interracial marriage ban .  virginia 's ban was ultimately overturned , a sign of progress against bigotry , he says .  he says that today bigotry and fear are directed at same-sex marriage .  granderson : government should n't regulate the nature of relationships in marriag .
 spitzer , weiner and why new york is talking about sex <sec> scandal tainted politicians look for redemption at the ballot box .  one-time governor eliot spitzer running to control new york 's purse strings .  former congressman anthony weiner wants to be city mayor .  spitzer was ousted for using prostitutes ; weiner for sending sexual photo .
 brazil march on as maradona 's argentina crash <sec> brazil need three more points to seal their place at the 2010 world cup finals .  nilmar scores winner in 2-1 victory against paraguay in wednesday 's qualifier .  joint leaders paraguay drop to third position after second consecutive defeat .  diego maradona suffers his second defeat in charge of fourth-placed argentin .
 u.s. state department starts farsi twitter feed <sec> the move is a bid to reach internet users in iran .  `` we want to join in your conversations , '' the department says in its first tweet .  iranian opposition leaders call for a protest monday in support of egyptian protester .
 new yorkers get app for gridlock-dodging flights to the hamptons <sec> uber , a service that dispatches cars for hire using mobile apps , adds on-demand helicopters .  the service was launched wednesday .  it offers a flight from manhattan to east hampton , new york .  three helipads are available in manhattan , and a one-way trip costs $ 3,00 .
 susan boyle tells british paper she has asperger 's <sec> the singer says she 's relieved , knowing she had been diagnosed incorrectly as a child .  she had been told she had brain damage , but last year learned she had asperger 's .  it is a form of autism that is characterized by poor social skills , focused interests .  the 52-year-old says she hopes people will treat her bette .
 protesters march in syria as president names new prime minister <sec> new : a rights group says 123 people have died in the violence .  syrian opposition demands include release of political prisoners , freedom of expression .  it 's the biggest crowd one activist has seen since protests started .  syria 's president appoints adel safar as prime ministe .
 texas police warn spring breakers : stay out of mexico border towns <sec> texas department of public safety : mexican border cities a `` bad idea '' for spring break .  it is the agency 's first specific advisory against travel , spokeswoman says .  state department renewed a travel alert to mexico last month .  alert noted a rapid growth in violent crimes in areas along the u.s.-mexico borde .
 new orleans mayor hails katrina ruling <sec> judge : army corps of engineers liable for catastrophic flooding during katrina .  new orleans mayor ray nagin says ruling may `` open up the floodgates '' for more suits .  nagin calls decision `` a surprise , '' says he expects feds to appeal .  plaintiffs awarded damages from lower ninth ward and st. bernard paris .
 opinion : maybe this oil spill will stick <sec> an arkansas oil pipeline on friday spewed crude into a neighborhood .  john sutter : spills like this should cause us to take stock of energy policy .  he says we are too quick to forget incidents like this and the bp disaster .  sutter : it 's time to accelerate our move to alternative sources of energ .
 gunman kills two , then himself , at new jersey supermarket , authorities say <sec> new : `` we are terribly saddened by the incident , '' the store 's operating company said friday .  the shooting occurred in old bridge , in central new jersey , about 30 miles south of newark .  `` i believe everyone in the store was a target , '' said official , who said gunman fired 16 rounds .  n.j. transit agency says some bus parking lots remain closed because of police activit .
 review : robyn 's new album is 'fantastic ' <sec> ew : singer achieves hooky dance-pop greatness .  robyn had early success in the 1990s with hits such as `` show me love '' .  her look and style has been compared to singer pin .
 has peyton manning played his last game for the colts ? <sec> the colts have gone winless without injured starting quarterback peyton manning .  manning has led the team to unprecedented success and a super bowl championship .  colts will be in position to draft andrew luck if they finish with the nfl 's worst record .  colts might end up with a decision to make between manning and luc .
 spacecraft snaps close-up images of comet <sec> comet hartley 2 passes just 435 miles from spacecraft .  epoxi deep impact is the first spacecraft to have visited two comets .  scientists hope to learn more about comets from close imager .
 bayern chief rummenigge 's warning over 2022 winter world cup switch <sec> bayern chief karl-heinz rummenigge says 2022 world cup should be played in winter .  playing in summer heat in qatar 'not very intelligent ' .  rummenigge also chairs european clubs association of 100 top clubs .  demands changes to the football calendar be for a single season onl .
 ntsb : sleep disorder may have contributed to boston train crash <sec> obesity , evidence that operator was taking sleep aid leads to conjecture .  transportation board criticized for failing to screen for sleep disorders .  board also notes lack of systems to prevent trains from using same stretch of trac .
 the rise and fall of china 's bo xilai <sec> bo xilai 's sacking is the biggest political scandal to hit china for years .  the chongqing chief was dismissed amid a scandal involving a key deputy .  florcruz met bo when both were students at peking university .  charismatic and popular , bo was once seen as rising star in chinese politic .
 analysis : supreme court term ends with no easy way to label it <sec> supreme court term ends this week in dramatic fashion with rulings on three hot-button topics .  chief justice john roberts and justice anthony kennedy are power players on the court .  expert : the court is conservative ideologically and in that `` they like to take baby steps '' .  next term the court will consider the validity of some of president obama 's recess appointment .
 obama family good for d.c. tourism <sec> d.c. tourism official says popular , active president helps city 's image .  official hopes public interest in the obama family will help bolster tourism .  president obama has visited restaurants and entertainment venues around town .  visitors can experience similar meals and activities in washingto .
 letter from the editor : how to get 10 million followers on twitter <sec> @ cnnbrk surpassed the 10-million-follower mark monday .  managing editor meredith artley says the cnn twitter account started small .  ashton kutcher challenged cnn to a competition to reach 1 million ; he won .  artley : cnn thanks its many followers and @ cnnbrk founder james co .
 python kills security guard in bali <sec> bali hospital receives a man 's corpse , a doctor tells cnn .  large snake appears to have suffocated the man , the doctor says .  hotel spokeswoman offers condolences to family of victim in python attac .
 sportscaster george michael dead at 70 <sec> `` the george michael sports machine , '' a syndicated tv show , ran for 27 years .  he was a sports anchor for washington 's nbc affiliate for more than 25 years .  station : `` he was a gifted interviewer , a master storyteller '' .  survivors include his wife , pat , and daughter michell .
 officials : 'miscommunication ' cause of accidental nato airstrike <sec> the nato airstrike that killed afghan soldiers was due to a 'miscommunication , ' officials say .  6 afghan soldiers were killed in a friendly fire airstrike wednesday .  isaf spokeswoman regrets the loss of live .
 texas escapee who faked paralysis joins most-wanted list <sec> arcade comeaux jr. was in wheelchair when he pulled gun on officers .  comeaux forced officers to drive him to baytown , texas , where he fled on foot .  state senator calls for shakeup in state 's penal syste .
 cricket hit by fresh match-fixing allegations over new zealand players <sec> fresh details have been revealed over alleged fixing by new zealand cricket players .  testimony by two players to the icc alleges an international great encouraged them to fix .  chris cairns says he was the player referred to , but denies the allegations .  cairns has successfully challenged match-fixing allegations in the courts in the pas .
 cnn student news transcript : october 22 , 2009 <sec> assess the problems that afghanistan faces in assembling a runoff election .  find out how public settings help germs spread from person to person .  examine the rising costs of college and how some students are paying tuitio .
 attorneys : molestation lawsuit settled with la archdiocese <sec> archdiocese says it has `` accepted responsibility '' for misconduct of former priest michael baker .  four men allege they were molested as boys by baker dating back to the 1970s .  the four men sue the los angeles archdiocese and cardinal roger mahony .  mahony is in rome as part of the cardinals ' conclave voting for a new pop .
 in u.s. , right to vote still threatened <sec> the reforms of the 1965 voting rights act are under threat , says donna brazile .  brazile : lawmakers in 40 states have introduced legislation that would make it harder to vote .  voting would be harder especially for people of color , the young and seniors , she says .  the department of justice must continue to safeguard american voting rights , brazile say .
 transgender troops : how two nations differ ( opinion ) <sec> one writer british , one american . .  both are transgender and served in afghanistan .  flight lt. caroline paige served in royal air force , receiving many commendations .  u.s. navy officer landon wilson discharged when military found he was transgender .  writers : 18 nations allow transgenders to serve openly , they are as effective as everyone els .
 man wanted in deaths of american woman , 3 others , panama police say <sec> the body of an american woman is found in a shallow grave in panama .  the suspect is wanted in three other slayings .  police say the motive is to kill people for their propert .
 unraveling the mystery of consciousness <sec> antonio damasio asks : how do we become conscious of the things around us ? .  in a ted talk , he describes scientific findings about the nature of consciousness .  our minds make maps of all the things we see , hear and sense , he says .  damasio : we need more than the maps ; it takes a sense of self to be fully consciou .
 uefa to probe madrid-barca controversy <sec> uefa announces disciplinary hearing into incidents at santiago bernabeu .  real coach jose mourinho faces investigation into his red card and post-match comments .  madrid may also be in trouble for fans ' missile-throwing and a pitch invasion .  uefa will also probe barcelona reserve jose pinto 's sending-off during halftime scuffl .
 central african republic pins hopes for peace on interim president <sec> the central african republic elects an interim president , catherine samba-panza .  the mayor of bangui is expected to help end the country 's sectarian violence .  the eu will send troops to support french and african soldiers already in the car .  the red cross says much of the population , fearing reprisal , is hiding in the bus .
 japanese party urges google to drop chinese name for disputed islands <sec> the islands belong to japan , the liberal democratic party says .  they are known as the senkaku in japan and as the diaoyu in china .  japan 's foreign minister says he supports the ldp 's request .  the islands were part of a recent diplomatic battle between tokyo and beijin .
 leweb founder : digital hippies creating a new global economy <sec> leweb founder loic le meur is looking to `` digital hippies '' as a potential theme for his next conference .  le meur is seeing a trend of entrepreneurs who reject money , fame and power .  digital hippies are not the only trend on his radar . .  the return of hardware is another .  le meur is a davos veteran and says the forum is valuable for building relationship .
