 west virginia u. suspends greek activities following death of freshman <sec> the sigma chi chapter at wvu has also been suspended .  wvu freshman nolan burch died friday .  he was found unconscious at the kappa sigma fraternity house .  wvu and the greek councils suspend fraternity , sorority activitie .
 american abducted in pakistan , u.s. embassy says <sec> gunmen abducted an american from his lahore , pakistan residence , authorities say .  he is identified as warren weinstein , the u.s. embassy says .  there has been no claim of responsibility , or demands .  u.s. state department updated its travel advisory to pakistan this week , citing reported abduction .
 protesters attack u.s. diplomatic compounds in egypt , libya <sec> new : the film causing the furor is made by an israeli-american , the wsj reports .  romney and obama campaigns argue over response to the violence .  a state department officer is killed in libya , the u.s. says .  clinton says the u.s. is working to protect its citizens worldwid .
 dominique strauss-kahn may sue sex club using his initials <sec> strauss-kahn was accused of sexually assaulting a hotel maid in new york in 2011 .  he was indicted on seven counts , including criminal sexual acts and sexual abuse .  the charges were dropped , but the maid filed a civil lawsuit and settled for undisclosed amoun .
 tiger woods furious at journalist 's parody interview <sec> golf digest published spoof interview about tiger woods by journalist dan jenkins .  angry woods describes piece as 'invented fiction ' .  golfer hits back on players ' tribune website .  other journalists jump to jenkins ' defenc .
 opinion : was jill abramson fired because she is a woman ? <sec> jill abramson , top editor at the new york times , was fired by the paper 's publisher .  frida ghitis : abramson 's ouster raises questions about pay equity , gender issues .  she says men get praised for being strong , but women are criticized for being pushy .  ghitis : navigating corporate ladder for women is paved with uncertainty and biase .
 african refugee situation getting worse , u.n. says <sec> more africans have already fled poverty and conflict so far this year than in 2007 .  bulk of the more than 96,000 african refugees headed to yemen and italy , u.n. says .  rest sought refuge in malta , greece , spain and the canary island .
 astronomy fans left disappointed after much-touted lunar impact <sec> nasa crashes rockets into the moon on friday to test for lunar water .  the space agency touts the event as an opportunity for amateur astronomers .  many say the event was a dud ; a woman says she saw nothing on nasa tv .  man says nasa should be more careful before asking people to wake at 4:30 a.m .
 timeline : u.s. forces hurried to rescue of 2 stranded airmen <sec> at least nine aircraft , platoon of marines sprang into action after jet fighter went down .  marine ospreys , harriers , helicopters took off from ships in the mediterranean .  harrier dropped bombs to protect pilot ; ospreys landed and pilot was rescued .  weapons systems officer was found by anti-gadhafi rebels , is safely out of liby .
 balfour found guilty of murder in death of jennifer hudson 's kin <sec> new : hudson and her sister ask the lord to forgive balfour and for him to repent .  balfour , found guilty on all counts , will be sentenced to life without parole .  cnn legal analyst sunny hostin : `` this was n't a slam-dunk case . '' .  the defense says it will appea .
 whites tricked blacks into consuming urine , university says <sec> video made of incident surfaces , brings campus protest .  video made to protest residence hall integration , university says .  white males urinated into stew , served it to black workers .  video makers told workers they were playing `` fear factor .
 obama unveils plan to control college costs <sec> obama says he is `` putting colleges on notice '' that they ca n't keep raising tuition rates .  reform proposals include shifts in aid towards colleges that keep costs down .  friday 's speech ends a three-day swing through five politically important states .  on thursday , obama spoke in las vegas about increased federal investment in clean energ .
 thai cabdriver accused of killing american in fare dispute <sec> police arrest driver in bangkok after viewing security footage .  the victim was an american who had lived in thailand for three year .
 tariq aziz , ex-saddam regime official , now in iraqi custody <sec> tariq aziz was a face of the hussein regime .  the transfer comes as u.s. closes camp cropper .  aziz has been hospitalized frequently during his jailin .
 national 9/11 museum to open in may <sec> the national 9/11 museum will open to the public on may 21 .  a dedication period for families and community members will precede opening .  remains of unidentified victims will be moved to a new resting place within the museum .  they will be kept behind a wall in an area off-limits to the public , officials tell cn .
 man freed by dna after 20 years dies a year later <sec> sharrif wilson , 38 , dies less than one year after his release from prison .  dna evidence suggests another killer , who committed a crime while pair were in priso .
 perry 's suggestion to send u.s. troops south riles mexican officials <sec> the texas governor says fighting the drug trade `` may require our military in mexico '' .  mexico 's ambassador says the presence of u.s. troops `` is not on the table '' .  the idea could have serious political and security consequences , analysts say .  analyst : sending troops could undermine cooperation between the neighboring countrie .
 surviving pamplona 's running of the bulls <sec> running of the bulls begins this year on july 7 and is expected to attract thousands of participants .  the annual event usually results in scores of injuries and occasionally fatalities .  the spanish fiesta was immortalized in print by ernest hemingway in his novel `` the sun also rises . '' .  hemingway 's grandson is among those who have produced an e-book on how to survive the bull run .
 greene : a lesson from woody hayes <sec> bob greene 's new memoir is titled `` late edition : a love story '' .  the book chronicles his tenure at an ohio newspaper in the 1960s .  author recalls lesson in etiquette from ohio state university 's football coac .
 soccer injury ? all you need is cheese <sec> felix magath suggested brede hangeland use cheese to cure injury .  he advised the defender use `` an old technique of wrapping the knee with quark . '' .  magath and hangeland have both since left london club fulham .  american skier lindsey vonn also used cheese to cure a shin injury before olympic succes .
 sanford 's wife : 'his career is not a concern of mine ' <sec> jenny sanford : i 'll be fine regardless of whether our marriage survives .  south carolina gov . .  mark sanford admitted affair with argentine woman .  governor also admitted he just got back from argentin .
 apple ( again ) tops list of most innovative companies <sec> for the third year in a row , apple tops annual survey of the most innovative companies .  how can innovation be quantified , and what does it mean that apple comes out on top ? .  recently , some critics say apple 's products are more `` evolutionary '' than `` revolutionary .
 florida day care center crash : suspect surrenders to authorities <sec> new : about $ 33,000 in donations so far to help with funeral expenses for girl .  robert corchado surrenders about 24 hours after hit-and-run accident .  one child remains in critical condition ; three patients released thursday .  mother of dead 4-year-old tells newspaper her daughter was 'painfully beautiful .
 hong kong hotel guests remain in quarantine <sec> more than 340 people quarantined in hong kong following single case of h1n1 .  hong kong health officials have been unwilling to see a repeat of the sars .  those isolated due to remain in quarantine until friday .  confined persons include 36 travelers in three-row vicinity of sick man aboard fligh .
 janet yellen 's rise highlights dearth of women in central banks <sec> janet yellen has been nominated by president obama to lead the federal reserve .  this would make her one of the most powerful women in the world .  but it also reveals how few female central bankers there are around the worl .
 jewish center shooter 'knocked family to its knees , ' relative says <sec> police chief says that investigators have determined shootings a hate crime .  frazier glenn cross , 73 , is accused of shooting at five people , killing three .  high school freshman and his grandfather were killed , as was a woman visiting her mother .  the suspect founded two white supremacist groups , southern poverty law center say .
 death toll in southern sudan violence doubles , official says <sec> at least 211 people have been killed in attacks by breakaway militias , a minister says .  violence is ongoing and there may be bodies that have not been found .  the militia leader failed to be elected governor of jonglei state last year , and took up arms .  southern sudan has voted to become an independent countr .
 novartis issues voluntary recall because of broken , mislabeled pills <sec> excedrin and bufferin products are part of the voluntary recall .  novartis says `` stray '' pills `` from other novartis products '' put in the wrong package .  an internal probe also found evidence of `` broken gelcaps ( and ) chipped tablets '' .  the recall and processing upgrades will cost $ 120 million , novartis estimate .
 va clinic testing veterans possibly exposed to hepatitis , hiv <sec> a clinic in dayton is testing veterans who were treated by a dentist .  a veterans affairs spokesman calls the testing `` a precautionary measure '' .  the dentist is still on staff , but handling non-clinical dutie .
 obama is wrong about 'fast track ' trade policy ( opinion ) <sec> american workers blame trade deals like nafta for the loss of good manufacturing jobs .  sally kohn : obama wants `` fast track '' trade authority , which would remove important checks and balances .  fast track would benefit big businesses at the expense of workers and our econom .
 sudan , southern sudan agree to border talks over disputed region <sec> new : sudanese government asks united nations to leave by july 9 .  southern sudan official calls for international support .  sudan denies claims of racial cleansing .  southern sudan is to become an independent state in jul .
 ukraine 's divide : two sides of a river <sec> photographer justyna mielnikiewicz documented the political divide along the dnieper river .  the dnieper slices ukraine into two parts : east and west .  her ukraine photos won a grant from the u.s.-based aftermath projec .
 fda approves drug for multiple sclerosis <sec> fda approves ampyra , the first ms drug of its kind to improve walking speed .  ampyra is appropriate for all types of ms , although it may not help everyone .  further studies are needed to see if ampyra helps with other neurological function .
 family man bubba watson snubs $ 9.5m pga tour event <sec> bubba watson pulls out of players championship to spend more time with young family .  masters champion will take a month off to concentrate on wife angie and adopted son caleb .  the 33-year-old could n't be swayed by tournament 's $ 9.5 million prize purse .  he also skips this week 's quail hollow event , where webb simpson leads after day on .
 new york transit to get nearly $ 200 million in federal sandy aid <sec> the department of transportation to give the port authority nearly $ 200 million .  the money will be divided between commuter rail and the world trade center hub .  the port authority has spent $ 2 billion in repairs , sens . .  schumer and gillibrand sa .
 cholera deaths near 2,000 in zimbabwe <sec> world health organization says 1,937 people have died since outbreak in august .  cholera epidemic comes as zimbabwe faces worst economic crisis .  expert : failure to import adequate stocks of water-treating chemicals behind disease .  cholera has spread to neighboring countries south africa and botswan .
 despite protests , bahrain grand prix runs without a hitch <sec> new : a british tv crew is detained and then released and deported , one of them says .  protests fail to halt the bahrain grand prix , won by red bull 's sebastian vettel .  activists say at least seven demonstrators are arrested inside the circuit .  a government spokesman says women `` tried to cause a scene ( but ) did not get very far .
 indian ceo buys gandhi 's items for $ 1.8m <sec> mallya expected to return items to indian government , cnn-ibn reports .  india 's ministry of external affairs : bidding would `` commercialize '' gandhi 's memory .  controversy prompted seller james otis to ask that items be withdrawn from auctio .
 the grades are in : obama 's first-term report card <sec> barack obama promised to end `` petty grievances and false promises '' in washington .  republicans were quick to publicly admit they would not make his job easy .  politifact evaluated 508 promises and concluded the president has kept 37 % of them .  for the unfulfilled promises , politifact editor said there is plenty of blame to go aroun .
 court : no guns for people guilty of domestic violence <sec> justice ruth bader ginsburg wrote opinion for 7-2 court majority .  case dealt with ambiguous language about misdemeanors .  case is considered a victory for advocates of gun contro .
 how italy 's fascist past echoes in migrant crisis <sec> ruth ben-ghiat : italy 's colonial past plays a key role in the migrant humanitarian disaster in the mediterranean .  she says african migrants still bound to histories of exploitation that shaped their home countries long after end of italian rul .
 israeli security experts oppose netanyahu speech <sec> retired general says netanyahu speech will damage israel-u.s. relationship .  poll shows israelis split on whether they support the speech , with many undecide .
 2 imams heading to islamaphobia conference in n.c. ordered off plane <sec> an imam says he initially was n't given a reason he was kicked off a plane .  both men are prominent imams and dressed in muslim attire .  the airline apologizes but does not say why the men were ordered to leave .  the imams were heading to conference on prejudice against muslim .
 russian man faces weapon of mass destruction charges in pennsylvania <sec> new : criminal complaint says suspect was found with two devices with exposed fuses .  new : vladislav miftakhov said he was going to set off devices in a field , document says .  miftakhov , a 19-year-old russian citizen , was arrested friday .  officers originally went to his residence to check for marijuana plant .
 u.s. , china lead way in tapping wind power <sec> texas energy group launch bid to develop `` renewable energy superhighway '' .  texas given preliminary approval for a $ 4.9 billion plan to build new power lines .  wind energy production in china set to overtake the u.s. experts sa .
 former clinton cabinet member endorses obama <sec> sen. obama receives endorsement of former clinton official robert reich .  reich : `` my conscience wo n't let me be silent any longer '' .  ex-sens . .  sam nunn and david boren also endorse the illinois senator .  clinton lashes out at obama ; mccain campaign calls obama `` recklessly dishonest .
 singer charged with murder in botched cosmetic procedure <sec> singer known as 'black madam ' charged with third-degree murder in death of woman .  british woman , 20 , died in 2011 after silicone injection at philadelphia hotel room .  padge victoria windslowe already jailed on other charges .  those charges stem from another alleged illegal cosmetic procedur .
 liverpool agree standard chartered bank deal <sec> liverpool announce a new sponsorship deal with standard chartered bank .  the means the end of the reds 17-year association with brewers carlsberg .  liverpool will carry the bank 's name on their shirts at the start of the 2010/11 .  the deal is reported to be worth approximately $ 133 million to the clu .
 report : hiddink linked with ivory coast job after halihodzic sacking <sec> ivory coast have reportedly sacked coach vahid halilhodzic ahead of world cup finals .  bosnian pays price for elephants ' shock quarterfinal exit at africa cup of nations .  russia coach guus hiddink linked with role before taking up job with turkey in augus .
 mcilroy seeks solution , tiger finds one <sec> rory mcilroy seeking to reverse poor run of results ahead of u.s. open starting june 14 .  northern irishman has missed three cuts in a row in buildup to his title defense .  he will play in memphis next week in the last tournament before the season 's second major .  tiger woods was one shot behind leader rory sabbatini at halfway stage at memorial even .
 what your iq score does n't tell you <sec> iq is a measure of your reasoning and problem-solving abilities .  your score reflects how well you did on a series of tests compared with others your age .  your iq can change over time , and scores have improved between generations .  having a high iq is not a guarantee of success , experts sa .
 source : feds to declare anthrax case solved <sec> source : feds to declare anthrax case solved but not closed .  bruce ivins , 62 , died last week as fbi prepared to charge him in 2001 attacks .  another source says ivins used a machine to convert wet anthrax into dry powder .  authorities will make case public after sharing details with victims and relative .
 ethnic costume ads spawn meme <sec> `` we 're a culture , not a costume '' ad campaign goes viral , generates race debate .  memes feature dog with picture of man in dog costume , kurt cobain and image of nickelback .  poster layout , themes lend themselves to exploitability , knowyourmeme editor says .  `` our main purpose was to have a dialogue , '' student say .
 'i 'm living my dream ' says fortune 500 ceo ilene gordon <sec> ilene gordon is one of only 21 women running fortune 500 companies .  she grew and diversified the firm after controversy over high-fructose corn syrup .  gordon entered manufacturing to be a `` pioneer '' among wome .
 clinton : fixing gender gap requires 'facts and figures ' <sec> hillary clinton joins forces with michael bloomberg on gender gap .  clinton foundation report on women 's progress slated for spring 2015 .  clinton does not mention torture report at monday 's even .
 fiery collision in michigan causes overpass to collapse <sec> collision involving two big-rigs and a car erupts in a fiery explosion .  force of explosion causes overpass to collapse onto i-75 , police say .  three drivers involved in crash escape with minor injuries .  witness who saw huge ball of flame `` took off running .
 week 3 : caylee 's death is presented in vivid , graphic detail <sec> first part of week 's testimony focuses on computer searches for `` chloroform , '' `` neck-breaking '' .  jurors see dozens of photos , hear hours of testimony regarding caylee anthony 's remains .  forensic expert : homicide `` only logical conclusion '' for caylee anthony 's death .  defense says caylee 's death was accidental drowning that `` snowballed out of control .
 officials seek source of salmonella outbreak <sec> cdc reports 93 people in 19 states and the district of columbia have become ill .  investigators are looking for the source of the salmonella outbreak .  consumers are not being told to avoid any particular food or restaurant .
 spain 'al qaeda cell ' may have targeted gibraltar <sec> analyst says a suspect wanted to photograph a gibraltar mall from the air .  experts say the men are among the most skilled suspects in recent years .  paragliding equipment and explosives were found in one suspect 's home .  spanish , french and british intelligence agencies were involved in the cas .
 smithsonian celebrates 'art of video games ' <sec> a new smithsonian exhibition explores 40 years of video games as art .  the show 's opening drew nearly 23,000 visitors , one of the museum 's busiest days ever .  one room showcases 20 different video game consoles throughout the years .  the `` art of video games '' exhibition runs through september 3 .
 jets intercept london-bound plane after threats <sec> a passenger makes threats on a plane heading for heathrow , officials say .  the plane lands safely and the man is arreste .
 world events derail obama 's agenda <sec> president obama has been pushing infrastructure repair in pitch to middle class .  events around the world overshadowed the president 's message this week .  obama faces decisions on response to airliner shoot-down .  president has expressed support for israeli operations in gaz .
 hubble captures triple solar eclipse on jupiter <sec> three of jupiter 's four great moons crossed its sunny side in january .  that 's rare ; it has happened only twice in the last 15 years .  hubble 's images are primarily for aesthetic purposes , a gift to the publi .
 judge tosses conviction of george stinney , executed at 14 <sec> stinney was executed for killing two girls some 70 years ago in south carolina .  a judge rules a violation of his due process rights `` tainted his prosecution '' .  she says sentencing a 14-year-old to death constitutes cruel and unusual punishmen .
