 keith olbermann signs off from msnbc <sec> new : olbermann was suspended in november for making political donations .  msnbc has announced in a statement the end of keith olbermann 's contract .  friday was the last broadcast of `` countdown '' .  olbermann discussed the situation at the end of his show friday nigh .
 the blob : warm pacific water threatens marine life <sec> waters in a huge area of the pacific are running 5.5 degrees warmer than normal .  marine life that likes cooler water has moved and others that like warm seas are seen in new places .  `` the blob '' might be having an effect on rain and snow -- and the west coast drough .
 football broadcasting faces shake-up after historic court ruling <sec> european court says sports fans have the right to choose how they watch matches .  it could have a major impact on broadcasters which hold regional licenses for tv rights .  england 's premier league receives most of its money from a lucrative deal with bskyb .  lawyer says it could affect future revenues for sport franchises across europ .
 novak djokovic : all you need is love <sec> novak djokovic is targeting a fourth straight title in next week 's australian open .  the serbian has not lost a match since becoming engaged last september .  top seed rafael nadal and roger federer meet australians in first round .  victoria azarenka is defending women 's champion but serena williams is top see .
 english premier league : liverpool beaten again , arsenal bounces back <sec> liverpool beaten for second successive match , losing 3-1 at west ham .  last season 's premier league runner-up in 10th place after five games .  arsenal bounces back from champions league defeat with victory .  mesut ozil inspires a blitz of three goals in seven minutes at aston vill .
 counterfeit restaurants open in china <sec> an unauthorized version of popular hong kong thai restaurant chachawan has opened in shanghai .  despite near-identical signage and menu , manager from replica chachawan says he has no knowledge of the original restaurant .  in addition to fake luxury goods , copycat shops and restaurants lifting entire brand identities are now found in chin .
 joan rivers jokes <sec> joan rivers was always quick with a one-liner .  jokes were often aimed at herself , though she skewered others .  rivers died thursday at age 8 .
 26 killed in blaze at mexican gas facility near border <sec> mexico 's state oil company says 26 workers died .  the blast occurred near reynosa , mexico .  a fire that occurred after the blast has been extinguished , pemex say .
 sweat lodge survivor recalls screams <sec> new : sweat lodge survivor describes chaotic scene inside sauna-like conditions .  james arthur ray says he feels peoples ' pain , vows to continue programs .  three people died after spending time in sweat lodge as part of ray 's program .  arizona authorities investigating case as homicid .
 what mitt romney learned running for president - cnnpolitics.com <sec> mitt romney says running for president was `` the most remarkable '' of his life 's journeys .  he recalls his best compliment of his 2012 campaign -- from an unexpected source .  romney drew on his debate papers to calm his nerves .  the former massachusetts governor said he did n't know he was going to be a politicia .
 after 100 episodes , 'fringe ' cast bids farewell <sec> `` fringe 's '' 100th episode is also its last .  cast members credit the fans for keeping the show going , against the odds .  memorable guest stars for the cast included leonard nimoy and christopher lloyd .  jasika nicole calls the finale `` beautiful and perfect .
 where does aid money really go -- and what is it spent on ? <sec> impact of international aid is hard to measure , says charles lwanga ntale .  large amounts of aid money never actually leave rich countries , he adds .  but extreme poverty can not be ended without international ai .
 press declares charlie hebdo attack 'war on freedom ' <sec> thursday 's newspapers around the world led with the paris shooting .  many reported the assault as an attack on freedom and free speech .  many papers ran front-page cartoons as a tribute to the artists killed in the attac .
 end of 'er ' marks end of era <sec> `` er '' ends its nbc run on thursday , april 2 , after 15 seasons .  drama to be replaced by new jay leno talk show .  the popular show had continued long tradition of drama in 10 p.m. slot .  cable television now drawing audiences for popular drama .
 google agrees to refund $ 19 million over mobile apps <sec> the ftc announced the settlement thursday .  many parents are angry about charges from unauthorized app download .
 5 university of calgary students fatally stabbed at end-of-year party <sec> university of calgary student accused of killing 5 schoolmates at party .  matthew de grood , son of a police officer , is charged with first-degree murder .  the killings are `` the worst mass murder in calgary 's history , '' police chief say .
 krauthammer : obama immigration action 'impeachable ' <sec> charles krauthammer called obama 's plans for immigration order 'impeachable ' .  the conservative columnist made his remarks on fox news on thursday .  conservative activists and politicians have brought up impeachment over immigration befor .
 girl rising : how to help <sec> you can help the girls like the ones featured in cnn 's `` girl rising '' .  the 10x10 fund is split equally among the seven nonprofit partners of `` girl rising '' .  you can make an impact for girls ' education when you give , share and rise u .
 fort hood shooting investigators appeal for help <sec> new : soldier wounded in fort hood attack : it 's difficult to believe this could happen .  obama : massacre and response showed worst and best of human nature .  thirteen dead , 42 wounded , according to the fort hood 's public information office .  suspect and 17 others still hospitalized , spokesman say .
 30 years in prison for chinese fisherman who killed south korean coast guard <sec> new : china says it does n't accept south korea applying its law in this area .  chinese fishermen clashed with south korean coast guards last year .  the captain of the chinese boat stabbed a coast guard officer to death .  a south korean court has sentenced the captain to 30 years in prison for murde .
 rolls-royce : plane engine failed because of oil fire <sec> rolls-royce : the incident will cause full year profit growth to be lower .  a qantas a380 made an emergency landing after one of its engine shut down .  company : oil leaks have been discovered in engines on three plane .
 native americans see unity as path to prosperity <sec> seminole tribe owns hard rock properties , looks to help unify native americans .  the native american group is a consortium of various tribes .  keeping the dollar within indian country seen as way to help less fortunate tribes .  group now includes more than 100 native-owned businesse .
 tea party 's take on eric cantor : we told you so <sec> the ex-house majority leader will join moelis & co. , making more than $ 1 million per year .  tea party groups that helped to defeat him say his move justifies their concerns .  cantor raised more than $ 3 million from investment banks throughout his caree .
 'nashville ' ratings smother 'chicago fire ' <sec> `` nashville '' premiered to solid ratings on wednesday night .  abc 's country music drama delivered 9 million viewers .  the cw 's new action-drama `` arrow '' set a record for the networ .
 arsenal beat manchester united to open up english title race <sec> arsenal beat manchester united 1-0 to open up epl title race .  aaron ramsey scores second half goal to beat the leaders at emirates .  manchester city beat bottom club west ham 2-1 to consolidate fourth spot .  liverpool move up to fifth on goal difference with 3-0 home win over newcastl .
 tuchman : hitting the road ( literally ) with some faithful <sec> some see connection between the bible and interstate 35 .  believers pray by the side of the highway , which runs through six states .  i-35 runs from southern texas to northern minnesot .
 military airstrike video leak suspect in solitary confinement <sec> pfc . .  bradley manning is in solitary confinement .  military officials processed manning at quantico thursday .  manning is the prime suspect in the wikileaks incident , according to military official .
 police : suicide bombings target u.s.-afghan base , kill 5 <sec> three suicide car bombers and six gunmen attacked the base before sunrise , an official says .  the international security assistance force says initial reports put the toll at one .  there were no immediate reports of any u.s. casualties .  the taliban claim responsibility for the attac .
 hollywood couple stopped by police , say they were racially profiled <sec> cherie johnson and dennis white say they were hassled by police because of their race .  both actors report they were handcuffed and harshly questioned in south carolina .  sheriff promises to investigate the allegations of racial profiling .  the ireport story about the incident is fourth most-viewed ireport of all tim .
 the rise of the civil rights museum <sec> the national center for civil and human rights opens in atlanta on monday .  it 's one of several civil rights-related museums recently opened or in the works .  museum director : civil and human rights `` should be atlanta 's signature .
 art and the berlin wall : 8 places to visit <sec> berlin is a mecca for artists , but many artworks associated with the berlin wall are overlooked .  among installations close to the structure is `` rock , paper , scissors '' -- a neon work by thorsten goldberg .  `` the panorama '' aims to show what it was like to live alongside the wal .
 manchester city seal $ 40m tevez transfer <sec> argentina striker carlos tevez joins manchester city on a five-year contract .  the 25-year-old decided to leave city 's bitter rivals manchester united .  city pay a reported $ 40 million to buy the player 's ownership rights .  club have also contacted arsenal over move for striker emmanuel adebayo .
 hillary clinton weighs in on syria : weapons handover 'important step ' <sec> clinton says a `` credible military threat '' keeps pressure on syria .  she says it `` would be an important step '' if syria hands over chemical weapons control .  she has been criticized for not speaking out about the situation earlier .  new : clinton helps obama in outreach to senators on military authorizatio .
 scan may detect signs of nfl players ' brain disease <sec> researchers find a protein called tau in the brains of living retired nfl players .  its pattern is identical to that found in chronic traumatic encephalopathy cases .  cte can only be diagnosed after death .  more study is needed to confirm the finding .
 game review : this 'zelda ' needs a refresh <sec> `` legend of zelda : skyward sword '' does n't offer much that 's new .  link the elf seems emotionless and the story 's timeline is unclear .  wii motionplus controls offer some fun new challenges .  `` zelda '' has provided 25 years of joy , but the franchise needs some change .
 meet five extreme sportswomen breaking world records <sec> diana nyad completed a landmark swim from cuba to the florida straits this week .  the 64-year-old had made five attempts to finish the trip since 1978 .  cnn looks at five women who have broken world records in extreme sport .
 cnn student news transcript : november 4 , 2010 <sec> learn how the midterm election results impact the balance of power in congress .  find out what country is suffering through an earthquake and volcanic eruption .  visit a factory that has a monopoly on making an iconic , 75-year-old board game .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 justices to debate prisoner 's religious right to beard <sec> arkansas inmate gregory holt cites religious freedom , says the law allows him to have a beard .  but the state says inmate beards could pose a security risk to guards and the public .  current arkansas prison policy allows only a `` neatly trimmed mustache '' .  obama administration backs holt , and some legal analysts say that could sway the justice .
 kate gosselin 's twins go silent on 'today ' <sec> kate gosselin and daughters cara and mady appeared on `` today '' thursday .  the segment was supposed to be about how well-adjusted the family is .  instead , it was an awkward interview as neither twin spoke much .  kate gosselin had to encourage her daughters to `` spit it out .
 egyptian court sentences 183 to death <sec> the defendants were convicted of murdering 11 police officers and two civilians .  that attack followed a deadly , widespread crackdown by security forces .  `` mass death sentences '' in police killings are becoming routine in egypt `` regardless of facts , '' amnesty international say .
 man : homeland security pics got me fired <sec> mark paffrath posted pics he took of federal vehicles massed at the hotel were he worked .  paffrath , a ferguson native , said he was fired from his job a few days later .  the vehicles were about 30 miles from ferguson , the scene of months of protest .
 webber - i drove with broken shoulder <sec> mark webber reveals he drove the final four races of last season with a broken shoulder .  the australian makes the revelations in a newly-published autobiography .  webber also had pain-killing injections ahead of the japanese and korean gp .
 chilean psychiatrist leads crusade to legalize marijuana <sec> dr. milton flores has gained notoriety in chile for his crusade to legalize marijuana .  flores was recently convicted of growing 116 plants of marijuana on his property .  some chilean politicians are sympathetic to flores ' cause .  others favor a tough law-enforcement approach on drug .
 obama says he always thought bush was a 'good guy ' <sec> barack obama says bush made `` the best decisions that he could at times '' .  obama campaigned against what he called bush 's `` failed policies '' .  obama says it was `` tough '' to have to request bailout fund .
 moms of slain blackwater contractors speak on anniversary <sec> it 's been five years since killings of four u.s. contractors in falluja .  victim 's mom : `` i want blackwater exposed and out of business '' .  blackwater , renamed xe , says it `` continues to mourn '' the loss of the four men .  another mom : both sides are losers in blackwater sui .
 pilots , passengers of malaysia airlines flight 370 under scrutiny <sec> new : pilots ' computers show nothing to indicate sudden deviation was preplanned .  every one of the 239 people on board is both a possible victim and suspect .  the plane 's pilots have become one obvious area of focus .  a 29-year-old malaysian civil aviation engineer is also under the spotligh .
 crazy world of minigolf : waterfalls , wooden heads , a 50-foot volcano <sec> the minigolf masters takes place annually at the hawaiian rumble course .  czech teenager olivia prokopova has won the tournament in each of the last two years .  the event was started by robert detwiler , founder of the u.s . .  pro minigolf federation .  some 38,000 registered players compete in tournaments all over the worl .
 new photo : nazis dig up mass grave of u.s. soldiers <sec> new photo surfaces of nazi slave labor camp where u.s. soldiers held during wwii .  photo donated to u.s . .  holocaust museum by family of u.s. war crimes photographer .  `` people have to see these . .  this is something that 's history , '' jim martin says .  today marks the anniversary of the liberation of the soldiers held at the cam .
 quickfire goal from van persie leaves manchester utd top of epl <sec> robin van persie scores after only 33 seconds for manchester united .  1-0 win over west ham keeps them a point clear at top of epl .  mario balotelli scores as manchester city beat wigan 2-0 to stay second .  chelsea held to second goalless draw under rafael benite .
 on the wrestling mat , u.s. and iran are good sports <sec> longtime adversaries iran and the united states are friendly enemies on the mat .  u.s. freestyle men 's wrestling team will participate in iran tournament .  sport of wrestling is hugely popular in the islamic republic .  u.s. official says of iran : `` they treat our athletes like kings .
 hidden gems of the webby award nominees <sec> the nominees for the 17th annual webby awards were announced on tuesday .  there were 11,000 submissions this year but only five nominees selected for each category .  in addition to big names and brands , there are many interesting and stunning site .
 opinion : ann coulter is wrong about immigration <sec> pundit ann coulter criticized gop leaders about their stance on immigration reform .  charles garcia : it is coulter who is out of touch with the goals of the republican party .  he says the gop is endorsing immigration reform with a newly released report .  garcia : prominent republicans see the need to reform a problem that needs repai .
 army colonel : do n't go back to iraq ( opinion ) <sec> david sutherland , u.s. brigade commander in iraq , says it 's hard to watch country fall apart .  as u.s. begins airstrikes , he questions whether terrible losses from iraq war are worth it .  he says u.s. spent $ 25 billion to train iraq forces . .  it 's time to take off the training wheels .  sutherland : we need to focus on our own veterans , who have many needs unme .
 lightning strikes makeshift mosque in bangladesh , kills 13 <sec> a lightning strike occurred as people gathered for evening prayers , police said .  lightning struck a tin roof shed that was doubling as a mosque , police said .  the strike occurred in saraswati , some 200 kilometers from the capital of dhaka .
 malala yousafzai wins sakharov prize for freedom of thought <sec> malala yousafzai wins this year 's sakharov prize for freedom of thought .  the prize , awarded by the european parliament , is worth about $ 67,000 .  malala was shot in the head by the taliban but continues promoting girls ' educatio .
 samantha stosur makes a strong start to her u.s. open title defense <sec> reigning champion samantha stosur cruises through u.s. open first round match .  top seed victoria azarenka also through after a crushing 6-0 6-1 win .  former world no . .  1 maria sharapova and three-time champion kim clijsters through .  fifth seed petra kvitova battles through first set tiebreak to make second roun .
 doctor who ? new star of british show to be revealed <sec> next star of seminal british show `` doctor who '' to be revealed live on sunday .  british actor peter capaldi , star of political comedy `` the thick of it , '' is odds-on favorite .  50th anniversary of show 's first episode to be marked by biopic , special episode .  bbc : `` even those working with new doctor on other projects have no idea .
 jindal defends those who want obama to fail <sec> jindal : if obama 's policies jeopardize u.s. , nothing wrong in desiring his failure .  the louisiana governor addresses fellow republicans tuesday night .  jindal has sidestepped whether he will make a presidential run in 2012 .  jindal to gop : let 's declare our time of `` introspection and navel-gazing '' ove .
 zuckerberg 's hoodie is savvy , not snotty <sec> facebook ceo mark zuckerberg was criticized for wearing a hoodie in meeting .  benjamin nugent : zuckerberg 's hoodie signals that he is an artist , not a salesman .  he says that for tech geeks , indifference to dress is a badge of pride .  nugent : zuckerberg is n't immature ; wearing a hoodie is a great sales tacti .
 the best goalkeepers of all time <sec> edwin van der sar claims british record for minutes without conceding a goal .  cnn picks 11 of the top goalkeepers of all time .  share your thoughts on who should in and who should be ou .
 imagery suggests north korea 's reactor in operation <sec> researchers point to steam at north korean facility .  they write that it 's a sign that the reactor is near or in operation .  north korea has opened , shut , re-opened , reshut this reactor before .  north korea said in april it would restart nuclear facility in apri .
 opinion : perfectly pregnant celebs ? do n't fall for it <sec> peggy drexler : kate winslet on vogue is pregnant but it 's impossible to tell .  drexler : pregnant celebs on magazine covers look flawless , skinny with a bump .  drexler : it says big is ok only when you 're expecting and photoshopped to perfection .  in reality , she says , women change shape and do n't look perfect , and that 's fin .
 paypal launches facebook app for sending money to friends <sec> app , simply titled send money , is just as straightforward as its name .  you can send either an ecard with money or just money with no card .  this is the first app to enable peer-to-peer payments via facebook and paypa .
 professor springsteen 's rock 'n ' roll history lesson at sxsw <sec> bruce springsteen delivers a personal history of his music influences at music conference .  speaking to more than 1,000 people , he cites his love of elvis , dylan , hank williams and others .  springsteen is at the south by southwest conference to help launch his new albu .
