 hundreds feared dead or trapped in afghanistan landslides , governor says <sec> local governor fears 2,700 dead ; a u.n. official says 350 killed , but toll may rise .  there was a wedding ceremony happening at the time of landslide , governor says .  a landslide struck a remote , mountainous area in northeast afghanistan around noon .  hundreds from a nearby village came to help , then another landslide hi .
 hillary clinton 's latest comeback <sec> hillary clinton fights to put furor over a private email server behind her .  early signs suggest clinton is doing what the clintons do best : mounting a comebac .
 djokovic , azarenka extend unbeaten runs at indian wells <sec> novak djokovic and victoria azarenka both continue winning runs at indian wells .  world no . .  1 djokovic wins 15th straight match against bulgaria 's grigor dimitrov .  azarenka 's winning streak now stands at 17 after victory over urszula radwanska .  sam querrey will replace john isner as the top-ranked american male tennis playe .
 samsung unveils continuum phone <sec> samsung continuum unveiled in times square .  smartphone will be available exclusively on verzion wireless .  most distinguishing feature is the secondary , 1.8-inch , super amoled displa .
 arctic vagabonds : french family makes home on polar yacht <sec> eric brossier is a french oceanographer living aboard a yacht in the canadian arctic with his young family .  the brossiers have spent the past eight winters aboard their boat in the northern polar regions .  this winter marks the first time the family has set up camp close to an inuit communit .
 obama : 'no sympathy ' for violence in ferguson - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president barack obama says he has `` no sympathy '' for violence after a grand jury did not indict the police officer who shot and killed michael brown .  obama called on protesters to fight for political change and new policies to improve relations with police .  attorney general eric holder says the justice department 's two civil rights reviews in brown 's shooting will continu .
 freed alabama death row inmate reflects on prison years <sec> anthony ray hinton was freed apri 3 , decades after conviction for two murders .  things like using a fork , getting used to the dark are challenges now that he 's out .  he says his sense of humor helped him survive 30 years in priso .
 facebook , google refer suicidal people to help lines <sec> facebook and google have new mechanisms for helping suicidal people .  facebook lets friends report troubling messages and staff will follow up .  google places the phone number for a hot line at the top of relevant search result .
 analysts : gaza strikes buy israel peace for a few years <sec> military operations in gaza make sense for israel , an analyst says .  they will only make the violence fester and come back strong , says another .  with talk of the idf calling up 40,000 reservists , a ground incursion loom .
 does japan struggle with its wartime past ? <sec> recent comments from a nationalist politician suggested wwii sex slaves were necessary .  pm 's spokesman forced to issue numerous denials , clarifications of controversial statements .  kingston : conservative loudmouths tarnish japan 's reputation by backtracking on apologies .  such behavior risks antagonizing already strained relations with japan 's neighbor .
 bobbi kristina brown 's boyfriend unleashes on twitter <sec> bobbi kristina brown , 21 , remains in a medically induced coma .  she was found unresponsive in a bathtub at her home in roswell , georgi .
 documents : combative nixon defended legacy to grand jury <sec> `` we have changed the world '' despite watergate , nixon told grand jurors .  transcripts are among nearly 50,000 pages of documents released thursday .  a recording describes nixon 's talk with anti-war demonstrators .  nixon says he `` practically blew my stack '' when he learned of tape ga .
 amanda knox 's parents indicted , accused of libeling italian police <sec> new : a family spokesman says knox 's parents are focused on her appeal .  curt knox and edda mellas said their daughter told them she was physically and verbally abused .  the claims were made in a 2009 sunday times of london interview .  a hearing is set for july .
 rescue center steps in to slim down obese orangutan <sec> oshine came from south africa to england to lose weight .  she 's never seen another orangutan before , monkey world says .  `` we have a long way to go , she is obese ! '' .  the center tweet .
 spacex rocket lifts off from florida <sec> spacex mission under way on third try .  the falcon 9 rocket is carrying a 7,000-pound communications satellite .  it 's the company 's first attempt to put a satellite into geosynchronous orbi .
 leonardo to resign as psg sporting director <sec> leonardo to resign as sporting director of paris saint-germain after two years with club .  leonardo 's ban for shoving a referee was this month extended to 13 months .  it 's the second major departure in the off-season following carlo ancelotti 's move to real madri .
 djokovic edges controversial encounter with andy murray <sec> novak djokovic knocks defending champion andy murray out of the miami masters .  the world no . .  2 edges past long-time rival 7-5 6-3 in controversial match .  murray aggrieved at umpire 's call when djokovic appeared to reach over net .  dominika cibulkova books semifinal berth after beating agnieszka radwansk .
 cosmic music from dying stars <sec> janna levin : conventional sound ca n't exist in vaccuum of space .  she says cosmic events do come with a kind of music .  black holes can squeeze and stretch space time , she says .  levin : your ear could detect the sound , but at great cost to your healt .
 black box shows co-pilot lubitz sped up plane 's descent <sec> french investigators : flight data recorder reveals andreas lubitz acted deliberately to crash plane .  he used autopilot to set altitude at 100 feet and then used the controls to speed up the descen .
 'vertical farm ' blossoms at meatpacking plant <sec> john edel is building a zero waste veritcal farm on chicago 's south side .  it has bakers , fish farmer , tea brewer and other farms working with each other to use waste .  edel hopes this will show other businesses the ease of adapting to green initiative .
 opinion : the wrong path to peace with iran <sec> reza marashi and trita parsi say the u.s. is misinterpreting the results of iranian election .  they write that threatening more sanctions is the wrong way to go .  continuing down this road will make sure this opportunity is lost , they sa .
 falcon training in china <sec> in jilin province , a small village keeps alive manchu tradition of falcon training .  area is growing popular among tourists .  falcon trainers spend several days in isolation taming captured birds of prey .  mingzhe zhao , 55 , is known as the `` falcon king '' of ying tu .
 boy saved from fire in dramatic rescue <sec> horia cretan says he was working in his store when he heard a child 's screams .  the boy is expected to recover , says cretan , who plans to visit the child .  he says he has received messages from around the world .  cretan says at 12 he rescued his sister from a fire in which his father die .
 cupp : do n't reject the 'duck dynasty ' family <sec> s.e . .  cupp has gotten to know the family featured in a & e 's `` duck dynasty '' series .  she says they are a christian family that celebrates their religion and scripture .  she disagrees with phil robertson 's views on gays but says they 're not a surprise .  cupp says a & e 's suspension of robertson from show is an ungracious ac .
 nelson mandela : man of many handshakes <sec> before meeting visiting dignitaries mandela made sure to shake hands with workers .  at rallies he would tell supporters , `` i want to put you in my pocket and take you home '' .  mandela also had a humorous side , even flirtatious at time .
 iowans 'absolutely sure ' hillary clinton is running <sec> clinton plays coy on discussing a 2016 bid , but people in iowa assume she 's running .  clinton made her second visit to iowa this fall on wednesday .  clinton 's iowa ground game has been helped by a super pac called ready for hillary .  clinton will also visit new hampshire , another early presidential primary stat .
 kepler telescope makes quick discovery <sec> kepler orbiting observatory beginning mission to find planets the size of earth .  it has found that a planet orbiting a distant star shows only one side to the star .  `` kepler learned something new about an old planet , '' says team membe .
 privacy board : nsa telephone records program illegal <sec> `` report appropriately calls into question '' program 's legalitity , sen. leahy says .  bulk telephone record collection has n't thwarted terrorism , board rules .  the board 's findings wo n't immediately change policy .  but they are a stinging rebuke to president obama 's defense of the progra .
 opinion : brandeis ' mistake on critic of islam <sec> timothy stanley : brandeis withdrew honorary degree offer to islam critic ayaan hirsi ali .  he says move runs counter to academic freedom , brandeis should n't have withdrawn it .  had university vetted her , it would have seen her views on islam are narrow , he says .  stanley : hirsi ali 's views are deemed politically incorrect for good reaso .
 11 injured after gas line explodes in fresno <sec> the cause of a gas line explosion in fresno , california , is unknown .  two of the injured were undergoing emergency surger .
 analysis : netanyahu , obama tight and tension-free -- for now <sec> images from obama , netanyahu meeting were a marked contrast to netanyahu 's last visit .  new message of unity made clear that u.s.-israel relationship was back on track .  beyond the change in tone lies a series of contentious issues that u.s. , israel will have to confront .  in netanyahu 's remarks , peace process rated a distant third to iran and israel 's securit .
 ex-cop pleads guilty in katrina bridge shooting cover-up <sec> new : federal indictment unsealed wednesday signaled that other indictments are likely .  new : two other officers have received target letters from federal prosecutors .  two civilians killed , four injured in police shooting just after hurricane katrina .  seven officers had murder and attempted murder charges thrown out in 200 .
 $ 400 million powerball winner to stay anonymous <sec> lottery officials say it is a man from the columbia area of south carolina .  winner says he has only played the lottery twice .  he was actually searching for hot dog buns , but was shut out on the bread .  instead he takes home a whole lot of dough -- the prize was nearly $ 400 millio .
 schumacher : something has gone wrong at red bull <sec> michael schumacher hints at problems in red bull camp ahead of title decider .  sebastian vettel and mark webber battling to overtake f1 leader fernando alonso .  red bull won constructors ' title in penultimate race of season in brazil .  seven-time world champion schumacher looking forward to a better 2011 seaso .
 bear suspected in attack captured , killed <sec> florida wildlife commission says it caught 200-pound female bear in vicinity of attack .  because it was captured in the vicinity of the attack within 48 hours , it was euthanized .  susan chaifant , 54 , was hospitalized for her injuries after monday 's attac .
 at least 2 dead in avalanche in norway <sec> one person has been dug out alive , police say .  at least two skiers are dead in norway avalanche .  good weather is aiding the rescue effort , police sa .
 'bad as it gets ' admits david moyes after new man utd setback <sec> manchester utd held 2-2 at old trafford by fulham .  bottom club shock champions with late equalizer .  tottenham hotspur score crucial 1-0 home win over everton .  emmanuel adebayor hits only goal of game in second hal .
 abc cancels 'mind games ' <sec> the freshman drama has been pulled .  it has not performed well in the ratings .  it 's slater 's fourth show since 200 .
 why no international effort for 200 kidnapped girls ? <sec> frida ghitis : if more than 200 girls were kidnapped elsewhere , it would be world 's biggest story .  ghitis : parents desperate , anguished with no resources to help , while world turns away .  ghitis : boko haram slaughtered thousands of people , many in schools , to stamp out education .  coverage led to international effort for flight 370 , she says , and we need effort to save girl .
 tales of alienation arise as suspect 's kin testify in smart trial <sec> brian david mitchell was a troubled child who grew distant from family , his father testifies .  his sister says mitchell gave up his children but blocked his family from adopting them .  defense attorney describes mitchell 's life as mirroring his father 's in many ways .  mitchell could face life in prison if convicted in elizabeth smart 's kidnappin .
 french face tough new internet downloading law <sec> french internet users downloading files illegally could have their service cut off .  new law enacted by french government could see users banned for year .  special government anti-piracy agency to monitor violation .
 bodies of 5 babies found in home in france <sec> reports say police find bodies of five newborns in home in southwestern france .  woman believed to be mother is hospitalized for examinations , report says .  woman 's companion is taken into custody , report say .
 mariah carey on 'american idol ' gig : 'honestly , i hated it ' <sec> carey says she was disappointed with `` american idol '' .  singer says she believed it would be a three person panel .  says she `` loved the contestants .
 8 tourist traps that are still worth visiting <sec> rio 's most famous landmark , christ the redeemer , is usually heaving with visitors . .  so what ? .  it 's worth booking a couple days at the grand canyon rather than peering over the edge and leaving .  choosing a weekday over weekend or early morning over midday can spare you crowds at big attraction .
 madrid plane crash survivor 'born again ' <sec> woman who survived spanair crash in madrid says she has been `` born again '' .  beatriz reyes , 41 , saved two of the three children who survived the crash .  reyes remained conscious throughout the crash which killed 154 peopl .
 india , pakistan meet over kashmir clash <sec> pakistan : fighting began after indian soldiers crossed the line of control .  india accused pakistan of attacking one of its patrols , killing a soldier .  firefight took place across the line of control border in disputed kashmir regio .
 countdown to new wave in gun violence battle <sec> new : `` this is not your father 's nra , '' sen. chris murphy says .  nra president predicts an assault weapons ban wo n't pass .  schumer calls on retailers to suspend sales of assault-style rifles .  a federal task force on gun violence will present proposals by tuesda .
 custody hearing for michael jackson 's kids delayed again <sec> lawyers for katherine jackson and debbie rowe working to avoid court battle .  rowe 's friend says vilification in the press exacerbating grief over jackson 's death .  jackson and rowe met when she was a nursing assistant for his dermatologist .  she told abc in 2003 that she wanted to help jackson become a da .
 maker faires spread the diy gospel <sec> the 2013 bay area maker faire took place last weekend in san mateo , california .  the popular annual festival combines science , crafts , robotics and steampunk fashion .  organizers estimate it drew more than 120,000 people .  there are more than 120 maker faires around the world in 2013 , up from just 60 last yea .
 how to crowdsource your wedding photos <sec> a batch of apps will collect your wedding guests ' pics in one place .  increasingly , couples are crowdsourcing their wedding photography .  some popular apps include wedpics , capsule and wedding party .  couples also are inviting guests to share photos in real time on social medi .
 mandela makes appearance as lawmakers honor him <sec> visit to parliament is rare public appearance for nelson mandela .  he is living symbol of struggle against south africa 's apartheid system .  mandela imprisoned 27 years for opposing government , worked to end racist policies .  he was instrumental in bringing soccer 's world cup to south afric .
 commission : mubarak complicit in shootings <sec> 846 protesters and 26 policemen died during egypt 's unrest , commission says .  the commission report says security forces intentionally opened prisons .  those who were trying to film the unrest were shot at , according to the repor .
 former penn state coach charged with sexual abuse , maintains innocence <sec> sandusky , out on bail , maintains he is innocent .  the alleged assaults on eight boys occurred between 1994 and 2009 .  two other university officials are charged with perjury in alleged cover-up .  sandusky was an assistant coach at penn state until 199 .
 the bizarre , lucrative world of 'unboxing ' videos <sec> `` unboxing '' videos are a growing and surprisingly lucrative genre on youtube .  the videos show everything from electronics to small animals being removed from boxes .  there are 6.5 years worth of youtube videos with `` unboxing '' in the title .  unboxers can earn up to $ 4 per 1,000 view .
 4 relatives sentenced for kidnap , assault of gay man in kentucky <sec> the four are accused of luring kevin pennington into a truck .  they then drove him to a park and assaulted him .  the victim fled when they are looking for a tire iron to kill him , prosecutors sa .
 7 young people shot in panama city beach , florida <sec> seven young people were wounded in a late-night shooting in panama city beach , florida .  the large number of spring breakers made the investigation difficult .  `` it 's time to stop the bloodshed , '' a city council member say .
 gbagbo could face international charges , ouattara says <sec> new : sexual assaults by armed men increase , international agency says .  the international criminal court is poised to investigate laurent gbagbo .  human rights monitors accuse pro-ouattara forces of atrocities , as well .  ensuring justice in ivory coast will be critical to its future , experts sa .
 murray and djokovic reach semifinals in beijing and tokyo <sec> andy murray reaches semifinal of japan open in tokyo .  title holder needs three sets to beat stanislas wawrinka .  novak djokovic powers into last four at china open in beijing .  li na puts out defending champion agnieszka radwansk .
 report : cycling body gave armstrong special treatment <sec> report : cycling officials protected and defended armstrong despite doping concerns .  they exempted him from rules and failed to target test him , commission says .  armstrong cooperated with the investigation and thanks it for `` seeking the truth '' .  new : uci honorary president asked to 'consider his position ' by current chief brian cookso .
 'obamacare ' symbol : court ruling is 'right direction ' <sec> m. turner 's `` i am obamacare '' photo went viral across the political blogosphere .  supreme court ruling helps americans who need insurance for pre-existing health conditions .  a part-time employee with no benefits , she could n't afford surgery for tumors in her uterus .  insurers denied her for pre-existing condition ; government said she made too much for ai .
 obama reshapes national security team , rankles gop <sec> new : president obama names u.n. envoy susan rice his national security adviser .  columnist john avlon says obama made a `` fascinating , decisive move '' .  obama will nominate samantha power as u.n. ambassador .  gop opposition forced rice to withdraw from consideration to be secretary of stat .
 saudi woman claims she was detained for driving <sec> manal al sharif is part of women2drive campaign .  she claims woman are not breaking the law by driving in saudi arabia .  religious edicts limit activities of wome .
 suvs , luxury cars dominate beijing auto show <sec> big , bad and gas-guzzling vehicles are center stage at auto china 2012 .  comes after recent beijing car shows dominated by `` green '' cars .  luxury car makers have launched a variety of vehicles aimed at chinese consumers .  chinese car sales grew only 2 % the first quarter of 201 .
 google to finance $ 100 million worth of original programs for youtube <sec> google plans to create 20 special channels on its youtube site .  sources say this will be a `` major overhaul '' to youtube .  google has visited top hollywood talent agencies in search of idea .
