 airstrikes on extremists in iraq : why now ? <sec> administration concerned about possible `` genocide '' as a result of isis .  obama wants to protect u.s. interests -- consular and military personnel , a key regional ally .  u.s. conducts strikes against isis artillery outside irbil , iraq .  hawkish critics call for more action , including extensive strikes in syri .
 report : train slams into vehicle in southern italy , killing 6 <sec> the train hit a fiat multipla near rossano , the official ansa news agency reports .  six people -- believed to be migrant workers -- in the fiat were killed , the report adds .  the train dragged the vehicle about 600 meters before coming to a sto .
 u.s. official : american kidnapped in benin <sec> u.s. diplomatic officials are providing `` consular assistance , '' a u.s. official says .  it 's not clear when , where or why the person was abducted .  benin is a country of about 9 million people in west afric .
 la liga strike goes to the wire <sec> a proposed players ' strike could postpone the start of the spanish season .  football officials and players ' representatives meet friday to try to avoid a strike .  it would be first strike of its kind since 1984 .  majorca coach michael laudrup tells cnn he supports the player .
 5 signs america is falling in love with public transit <sec> the united states is on track to top 2013 ridership on public transportation .  despite plummeting gas prices , ridership is still rising .  several cities are adding trolley lines and new transit centers .  proposed regional railroad lines are moving forward in florida , illinois and texa .
 army mutiny leaves dozens dead in southern sudan <sec> fighting broke out thursday in malakal , near the border dividing northern , southern sudan .  soldiers loyal to militia leader gabriel tang refused to turn in their weapons .  tang had fought alongside government and loyalist forces in southern sudan .  southern sudanese voted last month on a referendum for independenc .
 california man arrested , said he wanted to join isis <sec> adam dandach of orange county told agents he wanted to join isis .  he was charged with making a false statement on passport application .  authorities say he gave false information in applying for a replacement passpor .
 united states , italy lend support for french in mali <sec> u.s. military planes airlift french troops and equipment to bamako .  italy 's parliament approves logistical support and military trainers .  dozens of french armored fighting vehicles head toward northern mali .  malian forces recaptured the towns of diabaly and douentza on monda .
 scientists : we 're 'very close ' to finding another earth <sec> nasa convenes panel on search for life in the universe .  scientist says technological advancements have increased likelihood of finding earth 's `` twin ' .  new space telescopes will allow scientists to find multitude of new planets , panel say .
 science friction - understanding the thinking behind curling <sec> research this year explains for the first time how and why a curling stone curls .  science teams from sweden and britain battle to get a cutting edge over each other .  innovative devices , like the sweepergometer , are used to track the nuances of the sport .  sport once played in just scotland grasping new technolog .
 police to investigate 'racist ' referee in chelsea case <sec> police will investigate allegations of racial abuse by premier league referee mark clattenburg .  clattenburg was in charge of chelsea 's 3-2 home defeat by manchester united on sunday .  society of black lawyers referred complaint to the police .  separate football association inquiry will run concurrentl .
 injured roddick misses out on murray final <sec> andy roddick forced to retire from his queen 's club semifinal with ankle injury .  the injury means fellow-american james blake will face andy murray in final .  murray secures his place with a straight sets victory over juan carlos ferrer .
 federer moves up to world no . 2 after winning madrid title <sec> roger federer beats tomas berdych 3-6 7-5 7-5 in madrid final on sunday .  federer equals rafael nadal 's record of 20 masters titles .  the 16-time grand slam champion will take nadal 's no . .  2 ranking on monday .  clay court season shifts to rome ahead of the french ope .
 kurt cobain 's case stays closed despite rumors ; it was gun suicide <sec> conspiracy theories haunt the nirvana front man 's death nearly 20 years ago .  police release new photos , but they are not new evidence .  `` mr. cobain is still deceased and the case is still a suicide , '' detective says .  a cold-case detective only reviewed cobain file to prep for 20th anniversary interview .
 scorsese shines a light on the rolling stones <sec> the rolling stones and martin scorsese team up for `` shine a light '' .  rockumentary shows their performance at new york 's beacon theatre .  director says the stones ' music has been a key influence in his films .  scorsese aimed to give an intimate view of the band onstag .
 overheard backstage at the oscars <sec> best actress winner jennifer lawrence blames her dress for causing her to fall onstage .  `` it was my very own beard , '' daniel day-lewis says of his `` lincoln '' look .  anne hathaway is not impressed with her `` les miserables '' performance .  `` i make my movies for earth . '' .  quentin tarantino say .
 six dead in ireland plane crash <sec> new : four injured are in serious condition , while two others are `` comfortable , '' a hospital says .  the flight was coming from belfast in northern ireland .  northern irish leaders express shock and hope the injured will recover quickly .  the plane crashed on its third attempt to land , authorities sa .
 u.n. experts say iran tortured to extract confessions <sec> 3 u.n. human rights experts say government tortured detained protesters .  government denies opposition detainees were abused into confessions .  iran conducting a trial of about 100 iranian defendants in its revolutionary court .  1,000 people arrested , accused of fomenting unrest after june 12 electio .
 gov . chris christie takes oath again , but stormy days lie ahead <sec> new : cuccinelli : christie should step down as chair of republican governors association .  gala celebrating gov . .  chris christie 's second term canceled due to winter storm .  christie 's office played politics with sandy funds , hoboken mayor says .  separate state legislature investigations merged into on .
 fear grows as mali extremists compile list of unmarried mothers <sec> women are living in fear of cruel punishments such as stoning and executions .  in july , islamists stoned a man and a woman to death for committing adultery .  extremists control two-thirds of northern mali , an area the size of france .  women are living in fear of cruel punishments such as stoning and execution .
 cnn student news - november 13 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 why officials , media wait to declare bombing suspect <sec> in attacks in oklahoma city , atlanta and norway , reports of an initial suspect were wrong .  officials and the media were guilty of a rush to judgment in those instances .  most hesitant so far to lay blame or point to suspects in boston cas .
 national strike call chimes with miners <sec> anglo american , the world 's top platinum producer , suspended operations in rustenburg .  makhasi dedicated 18 years of his life to dangerous work underground for gold fields .  makhasi supports five children and his wife on 6,000 rand or $ 730 a mont .
 thousands rally for slain putin critic boris nemtsov <sec> ukraine 's president says boris nemtsov was about to release information .  russia : authorities are searching for the killer of staunch putin critic .  he was supposed to lead a rally sunday against russia 's policies on ukrain .
 the summer of supermoons is here <sec> a supermoon is larger and brighter than an average full moon .  it happens when the moon is full and at its closest point to earth .  one took place saturday , and others will happen august 10 and september .
 apple 's black friday sale goes live <sec> apple typically puts its products on sale on black friday .  the sales are modest , but the company rarely offers deals .  most discounts are about 10 % , with some products taking bigger cuts .  you can save $ 41 on an ipad or $ 101 on the new macbook pro .
 marriott mogul on 55 years of change in the hotel business <sec> bill marriott first became involved in his family 's hotel business in 1957 .  almost 55 years later he has built a multi-billion dollar hotel empire .  marriott has seen the industry has changed dramatically during his caree .
 argentine mom seeks daughter forced into prostitution <sec> argentine woman vanished in 2002 ; it 's believed she was forced into prostitution ring .  argentine soap opera , based on marita 's mother 's search , probes human trafficking .  mom : `` my life will be completely absorbed with this fight until she is back and safe '' .  mother susana trimarco 's foundation tries to save women , children from sex slaver .
 outcry over reported children 's remains from irish unwed mothers home <sec> new : tuam archbishop says he will seek a `` dignified re-interment '' of children 's remains .  remains reported found in county galway are believed to date between 1925 and 1961 .  irish mail cited the efforts of a local historian to research burial sites of children .  pressure grows for investigation and accountability from government , catholic churc .
 vatican overhauls sex abuse case procedures <sec> vatican publishes new summary of procedures on sexual abuse cases .  church been badly shaken by allegations of widespread child abuse by clergy .  vatican has denied allegations pope benedict xvi was involved in cover-up .
 gaza conflict deters bethlehem christmas pilgrims <sec> authorities in bethlehem say christians have been canceling christmas pilgrimages .  the cause is the recent conflict in the region between israel and hamas .  they hope bookings will recover due to interest following a u.n. status upgrade .  bethlehem , in the west bank , is the most important tourist site in the palestinian territorie .
 feeling stressed ? it 's more likely in some u.s. states than others <sec> mental distress differs among residents of u.s. states and counties .  hawaii : 6.6 percent of people report frequent mental distress ; kentucky : 14.4 percent .  residents in some areas are more likely to have health conditions or disabilitie .
 cnn student news - october 7 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 police : maryland mall shooter obsessed with columbine <sec> darion aguilar shot and killed two people before committing suicide .  journal indicates gunman had mental health issues .  his attire , weapon similar to those used in columbine shooting .
 nasa 's curiosity finds building blocks of life on mars <sec> the curiosity rover found high levels of methane gas and other organic matter in rock .  it could have been produced by microbes , but there is no concrete evidence of that .  other chemical reactions can also produce organic compounds .  but existence of organic compounds on mars are sign it may have supported life befor .
 newsome a lone bright spot in an nfl struggling with diversity <sec> 70 % of nfl players are black but no recent head coach or gm spots were filled by minorities .  baltimore ravens gm ozzie newsome is the nfl 's first black general manager .  newsome has been the ravens ' general manager since 2002 .  under newsome , the ravens have reached the playoffs seven time .
 political rhetoric finds its way into post-bombing debate <sec> partisan posturing emerges over boston bombings on sunday talk shows .  despite little evidence , republicans hint of possible international terror ties .  democrats argue against designating the suspect an enemy combatant .  authors of immigration reform reject conservative calls to put off the issu .
 polls : shaheen , brown deadlocked day before election <sec> two polls released sunday showed the new hampshire senate race a dead heat .  the wmur poll has democratic sen. jeanne shaheen ahead by 2 percentage points .  the new england college poll had former sen. scott brown ahead by 1 percentage poin .
 israel says it will not apologize to turkey over flotilla incident <sec> israel 's foreign minister says an apology should come from turkey .  turkey 's minister says israel is not reciprocating his nation 's efforts to remedy relations .  the row began after israeli forces killed nine turkish activists on an aid flotilla .  turkish official says `` an apology '' is needed for their `` friendship '' to continu .
 monisha kaltenborn : the woman racing ahead in f1 <sec> austrian-indian ceo of sauber is f1 's first female boss .  trained as a lawyer before moving through ranks of sauber .  has overseen one of sauber 's most challenging periods .  proud of her role as first woman boss of f1 tea .
 sheikhs on a plane : middle east 's super rich fuel growth in luxe jets <sec> middle east 's private jet market expected to grow 12 % in next two years .  configuration is important : arab clients want separate areas for men and women .  bathrooms must be located near the front of the plane .  regional industry 's biggest problem is `` gray market '' -- unlicensed renting by private individual .
 17 patients killed in shooting at mexican drug rehab center <sec> new : ciudad juarez mayor says authorities believe drug gang attacked rehab center .  slayings add to grim statistics for juarez , ranked deadliest city in the world .  on same day , no . .  2 security official in michoacan state , 3 others , shot to death .  mexico has seen wave of violence since president declared war on drug cartel .
 in syria , 'brother of a whore ' gets tossed like trash <sec> youtube video shows men tossing bodies into a river .  the incident is said to have occurred in hama .  there is evidence of a violent fringe element amid anti-government forces .  syrian state tv airs video , claiming it 's of rebels dumping loyalist .
 is u.s. ready for pandemic ? investigation says it is n't <sec> federal investigation finds the dhs stockpile of medicine is about to expire .  some of the stockpiled safety material is also missing .  dhs and the inspector general will work together to improve inventory measure .
 syria 's al-assad leaves state of emergency in place <sec> new : 16 people are killed in clashes in latakia .  new : a government spokeswoman denies any deaths there .  new : two reuters journalists are reported missing .  al-assad makes a speech without delivering on the emergency la .
 cardinals meet monday , could set date to elect new pope <sec> new : `` our credibility and moral authority have been undermined , '' says archbishop tartaglia .  more than 140 cardinals meet at the vatican but have yet to set a date for the conclave .  pope benedict xvi resigned thursday .  a vatican spokesman says a new pope could be in place before march 1 .
 rain stays bright in the spotlight <sec> korean pop culture sensation will be on talk asia later this month .  27-year-old has gone from backup dancer to appearing in hollywood films .  rain will be appearing with answers to your question .
 feds look at instruments , approach lights in taxiway landing <sec> delta flight 60 from brazil landed on taxiway instead of runway in atlanta , georgia .  no planes were on taxiway waiting to take off ; jet landed safely with no injuries .  investigation looking at approach lights , ground-based instrument .  ntsb : '' check pilot '' was sick before landing , crew declared medical emergenc .
 meningitis outbreak highlights failed oversight efforts <sec> there are no federal sterility guidelines for compounding pharmacies .  the fda has no jurisdiction until there is a problem .  two lawmakers are introducing legislation to strengthen the fda 's oversight .  12 people have died in a meningitis outbreak linked to a steroi .
 nadal , federer safely through in halle <sec> rafael nadal wins first singles match since his roland garros triumph .  roger federer also reaches quarter-finals of gerry weber open in halle .  jo-wilfried tsonga knocked out of aegon championships by croatia 's ivan dodig .  tsonga fears he may have broken finger during defeat and could miss wimbledo .
 osim international facts <sec> osim launched isymphonic , world 's first massage chair synchronized to music .  in 2007 it launched upilot massage chair , featuring robo-stic technology .  osim operates in asia , australia , africa , middle east , uk and north americ .
 u.s. navy could 'swarm ' foes with robot boats <sec> small , unmanned boats could act as `` guard dogs '' for navy warships .  unmanned boats choose their own course to confront threatening vessels .  navy says unmanned boats could prevent attacks like one that killed 17 aboard uss cole .  system uses technology developed by nasa for mars rove .
 feds investigating albuquerque police on allegations of excessive force <sec> the doj says it now has 14 civil probes of police departments underway nationwide .  the latest is an investigation into allegations of excessive force in albuquerque .  both the mayor and police chief in albuquerque pledge full cooperatio .
 authorities try to ease pressure , keep louisiana lock from failing <sec> new : authorities `` opened some valves '' to relieve pressure on a pearl river canal lock .  new : `` we are hopeful , '' but an evacuation order remains in place , a parish official says .  new : officials breach levees in plaquemines parish to lower water levels .  these are all affects of isaac , which caused deaths , power outages and severe floodin .
 woven wonders from water weeds and waste <sec> achenyo idachaba returned to nigeria in 2009 hoping to start a business .  always interested in the environment , idachaba noticed an abundance of water hyacinth .  it is a fresh water weed known for clogging waterways , lowering fish populations .  she decided to take the environmental pest and turn it into beautiful handcraft .
 how to behave on an airplane <sec> greet flight attendants politely with a `` good morning '' or `` hello '' .  put away your gear , buckle up and stow your electronics quickly .  train your children about the rules of flight before they board an airplan .
 police deploy water cannon at northern ireland riot <sec> new : four police officers are hurt , one is hospitalized .  new : two people are arrested .  protesters angry over a decision to stop flying the union flag year-round .  police say 66 officers injured , 100 arrests made since decembe .
 how charitable are today 's celebrities ? <sec> todd krim founded `` give back hollywood '' to help link celebrities and causes .  he helped connect a `` glee '' star with a dance therapy charity .  he talks about whether younger stars are as charitable as a-listers .  krim hopes to see everyone in hollywood embrace the idea of givin .
 model who fought anorexia dies <sec> isabelle caro 's emaciated image called attention to anorexia in 2007 .  a friend said she had been hospitalized recently with respiratory disease .  news of her death just surfaced , but she died last month , her acting teacher say .
 estonia accuses russia of kidnapping security official <sec> estonia 's foreign minister says unidentified russia individuals are behind abduction .  `` we expect all manner of help and cooperation '' from russia , minister says .  russia says it detained a security official in its northwest pskov region .  it identified the official as eston kohve .
 nasa to fly low over baltimore-washington area <sec> nasa planes will sample washington d.c.-maryland air .  agency is worried low flights could cause undue concern .  mission essential to gather data , agency says .  washington area to be sampled firs .
 what 's your baby thinking ? <sec> tune in to ac360â° this week for a special on babies ' brains .  think you know what 's on your baby 's mind ? .  send a photo and caption to ireport .
 france rallies to beat united states in men 's 4x100 swim relay <sec> spain eliminated from football tournament after second loss .  france anchor chases down u.s. final swimmer in 4x100 free men 's relay .  u.s. men 's basketball team easily wins first game .  u.s. gymnast jordyn wieber fails to qualify for all-around fina .
 beijing airport bomb : a desperate cry for help ? <sec> many on chinese social media sympathized with plight of beijing airport `` bomber '' .  but an editorial in state-controlled global times said this action is never justified .  incident the latest involving petitioners airing grievances and seeking social justice .  china grappling with rise in social unrest sparked by official corruption , wealth ga .
