 pro-union website blocked in wisconsin capitol <sec> new : governor 's spokesman calls the accusation `` a lie '' .  new : spokesman calls blockage temporary , routine for new sites .  democrats blame republicans for blocking pro-union website in the state capitol .  defendwisconsin.org could not be accessed in the capitol on monday , early tuesda .
 former boeing engineer convicted of spying for china <sec> dongfan chung , 73 , convicted of economic espionage ; acting as agent of china .  accused of stealing restricted technology , boeing trade secrets .  technology included information on space shuttle ; delta iv rocket .  chung is a native of china who is a naturalized united states citize .
 taliban leader rejects u.s. attempts to lure away fighters with money <sec> mullah brader akhund calls the strategy `` an old weapon that has failed already '' .  taliban reintegration plan aims to separate local taliban from leaders , pay fighters to quit .  plan has `` reasonable chance for some success , '' may not be long-term solution , analyst says .  top u.s. commander , gen. stanley mcchrystal , has backed taliban reintegration pla .
 lena dunham responds to sexual abuse allegations <sec> new : lena dunham apologizes , says she is `` dismayed '' by reaction to book .  dunham describes looking at sister 's vagina in her new memoir , `` not that kind of girl '' .  national review correspondent characterizes the behavior as `` sexual abuse .
 evacuations begin as california wildfire grows <sec> new : cal fire reports blaze is 30 % contained .  fire had grown to 1,700 acres as of wednesday night .  one firefighter was hurt , officials say ; cnn affiliate reports one home had burne .
 freed exotic animals returned to ohio widow <sec> new : marian thompson gets 2 spotted leopards , 2 macaque monkeys and a brown bear .  last year , an ohio man freed dozens of animals from his farm before committing suicide .  law enforcement killed 48 of the released animals , and 2 primates were killed by the other animals .  the 5 animals that were returned friday were n't among those released last yea .
 roseanne barr reveals she 's going blind <sec> roseanne barr told the daily beast that she is slowly going blind .  barr said she has macular degeneration and glaucom .
 composer pioneers 'made in china ' musicals <sec> china has no musical theater tradition , although musicals like `` mamma mia ! '' .  have been big hits .  san bao wants to combine broadway showmanship with chinese plot lines .  he 's produced seven musicals since 2005 and his latest is on tou .
 leaked call raises questions about who was behind attacks in ukraine <sec> a call between estonian foreign minister urmas paet and catherine ashton is leaked .  in the recording , paet talks about his recent visit to ukraine .  he says a doctor told him the opposition may have been behind deadly sniper fire .  paet : `` the fact that this phone call has been leaked is not a coincidence .
 obama was top recipient of bp-related dollars in 2008 <sec> obama received $ 71,000 in 2008 election cycle , nonprofit says .  bp , company at center of oil slick controversy , spent millions lobbying congress .  57 percent of bp 's contributions went to republicans , 43 percent to democrat .
 israeli , palestinian officials meet in jordan to relaunch negotiations <sec> new : hamas spokesman calls the meeting `` a mockery '' .  negotiators from both sides meet with representatives from the middle east quartet .  the talks fell apart more than a year ago over israeli settlements in the west bank .  jordan is hosting the meeting in an effort to relaunch stalled peace talk .
 leader of biafra breakaway state dies <sec> chukwemeka odumegwu ojukwu dies at age 78 .  he led secessionist state of biafra in the late 1960s .  nigeria has history of ethnic divisio .
 south sudan : key town of bor recaptured from rebels , mayor says <sec> mayor of bor says government forces have again recaptured the town from rebels .  he fears there will be many more civilian casualties from its period in rebel hands .  talks between south sudan 's government and rebels have not so far led to a cease-fire .  senior u.n. official says a month of fighting has `` set south sudan back a decade .
 some text messages purportedly from ferry passengers called fake <sec> police say no texts , calls , placed after ship sank , yonhap news agency reports .  investigators checked cell records and found nothing , news agency says , citing police .  the messages painted a harrowing picture of events aboard ferr .
 police identify army veteran as wisconsin temple shooting gunman <sec> motive has not been identified , police chief says .  suspect bought gun recently , says law enforcement official .  a former army buddy says wade michael page , 40 , talked of `` racial holy war '' .  family of suspect says it is `` devastated , '' in prayer for victim .
 weight loss inspiration : singer nina osegueda drops 60 pounds <sec> nina osegueda lost 65 pounds after high school .  she stuck to a low-carb , high-protein diet .  she 's now 30 and the weight has stayed off .  she dumped the boyfriend who suggested she lose weigh .
 vatican official criticizes award of nobel prize to robert edwards <sec> new : a vatican official criticizes the choice of award recipient .  robert g. edwards , who pioneered in vitro fertilization , wins the prize .  the announcement kicks off a week of nobel prize awards in sweden .  his contributions represent a `` milestone , '' the committee say .
 green walls create new urban jungles <sec> green walls turn dreary urban facades into vertical banks of color .  as well as aesthetic qualities , vertical gardens may also improve air quality .  new wall near congested marylebone road in london may reduce pollutio .
 domenici announces his retirement from senate <sec> pete domenici is fourth republican senator to announce his retirement .  four other gop senators face tough re-election fights next year .  republicans hold 22 of the 34 senate seats being contested in 2008 .  democrats hold razor-thin majority in senate , 51-4 .
 china firm buys amc to form world 's largest cinema chain <sec> dalian wanda group buys amc in a $ 2.6 billion deal for the u.s. theater group .  creates the world 's largest theater chain , according to the companies .  comes after a raft of cross-pacific deals between hollywood and chinese firm .
 air france : missing plane probably crashed into atlantic <sec> ceo : `` several pieces of aircraft equipment were at fault or had broken down '' .  passenger jet carrying 228 people disappears off coast of brazil , airline says .  air france says jet may have suffered electrical problems after hitting storm .  expert says plane is extremely popular with airline .
 details of the jerry sandusky verdict <sec> a jury in bellefonte , pennsylvania , returned a verdict friday night .  the allegations , involving 10 alleged victims , cover a 15-year period .  jerry sandusky , 68 , pleaded not guilty to the charge .
 frosty , frozen and frigid : cold snap grips the u.s . <sec> new : at least one death is attributed to the cold .  the florida citrus crop escapes damage in the season 's first cold snap .  another round of freezing temperatures is forecast for overnigh .
 arsenal slump to cup defeat ahead of crucial champions league tie <sec> arsenal knocked out english fa cup by blackburn rovers .  second time this season that gunners lose to lower-league team in domestic cup tie .  arsenal face crucial champions league tie against bayern munich on tuesday .  in bundesliga , borussia dortmund win 3-0 to maintain second place behind bayer .
 paterno family : freeh report 'factually wrong ' <sec> new : louis freeh says family review was 'self-serving ' .  paterno widow says freeh report must be corrected .  report from family of late coach comes seven months after university-funded review .  former attorney general dick thornburgh led family prob .
 reports : first confirmed ebola patient in mali dies <sec> 2-year-old girl dies .  forty-three others are being monitored .  conditions would have to be met for any mass vaccination program , who says .  who official says five more potential ebola vaccines are to start clinical trials soo .
 ted 'shred ' ligety : skiing 's winning machine <sec> ted ligety won three gold medals at the 2013 world championships in schladming .  the 28-year-old american first man for 45 years to achieve the hat-trick .  ligety won super combined olympic gold at the 2006 winter olympics .  nicknamed `` ted shred '' for his fearless behavior as a young skie .
 $ 1.6 million for man subjected to enemas , colonoscopy by cops <sec> david eckert sued , saying police subjected him to `` digital penetrations , '' enemas .  these actions and a colonoscopy occurred over 12 hours in early 2013 in new mexico .  authorities never found drugs ; his lawsuit says the warrant used for search was invalid .  eckert says the settlement gives him `` some justice '' and `` shows they were wrong .
 cnn student news - april 3 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call . .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 sheen 's ex-wife arrested in colorado , charged with assault <sec> brooke mueller busted on cocaine , assault charges , police say .  a woman identified her as `` the aggressor '' in an alleged assault .  she 's the ex-wife of actor charlie sheen , with whom she has twin sons .  she has sought help for substance-abuse issues in the pas .
 teen offenders find a future in missouri <sec> the missouri model uses small , therapeutic groups to treat juvenile offenders .  juvenile residences do n't have barbed wire or require uniforms .  a handful of other states are trying to replicate the missouri model .  studies show only ten percent of missouri 's youth re-offen .
 us f1 omitted from 2010 f1 entry list <sec> fia confirm official entry list for the 2010 formula one season .  there is no place on the grid for struggling newcomers us f1 .  proposed serbian-backed stefan gp team have also been denied entr .
 10 immigrants killed in suv crash in arizona <sec> suv is packed with almost two dozen undocumented immigrants .  ford excursion crashes about 30 miles north of mexican border in remote area .  almost all of the 22 people jammed inside are ejected from vehicle .  in addition to 10 dead , 12 people are hospitalize .
 vietnam <sec> anthony bourdain returns to a country he 's loved since his first visit .  the city of hue , vietnam , is a city of spirits and ghosts .  the episode deals with the past , but also with the vibrant presen .
 national park fees could rise <sec> national park service allowing fee increases for first time in 8 years .  yosemite and 132 other park sites charge fees .  they can propose to increase fees after seeking public comment .  national parks are still a bargai .
 sally pearson calls for prize money at olympics <sec> olympic 100m gold medal winner sally pearson says ioc should think about paying athletes .  pearson won gold at the london 2012 olympic .
 superyacht plus : the new millionaire water toys <sec> there 's more to this year 's monaco yacht show than just superyachts .  personal submarines , amphibious vessels , jetpacks the new must-have toys .  new generation of younger millionaires looking for adventure holidays .  deluxe water toys sit on superyachts , and can cost almost $ 2m alon .
 female suicide bomber strikes soccer fans in iraq <sec> new : attack strikes people celebrating iraq team 's win in world cup qualifier .  29 wounded in predominantly kurdish town in diyala province .  twenty female suicide bombings in iraq this year , a sharp uptick .  insurgent recruiters target troubled women , authorities sa .
 enough with the happy new year already <sec> dean obeidallah : you can stop saying happy new year now . .  it 's tacky and too late .  even south jersey school of etiquette president said after the first week , stop .  he says we do n't say merry christmas or happy hanukah when those holidays are over .  obeidallah : it gets progressively more insincere . .  lets agree to cut off the greeting at 7 day .
 drought of 2012 conjures up dust bowl memories , raises questions for tomorrow <sec> millions were affected and thousands were killed in the 1930s ' dust bowl era .  experts say we 're a long way from a dust bowl repeat , but note major challenges .  new tools and techniques have made it easier for farmers to adapt , with limits .  as one climatologist specilizing in drought mitigation says , `` mother nature holds all the cards .
 10 ways to save money on tech in 2013 <sec> blake snow offers these 10 ways to help stretch your tech budget this year .  smart strips save money on your monthly power bill by killing standby power .  buy refurbished electronics , which are often as good as new .  resell your old gadgets on craigslist , ebay , or similar classifieds like gazelle.co .
 gingrich jumps into presidential race <sec> new : newt gingrich criticizes president obama for `` dishonest scare tactics '' .  he has assembled a campaign team and told supporters he aims to raise $ 100 million .  his agenda includes overturning health care reform and eliminating the epa .  other topics : pushing more development of energy sources and advocating tax cut .
 chinese olympic gymnasts legit , federation finds <sec> athletes met age requirements , international commission concludes .  some writers , others suspected girls were younger than rules allowed .  chinese team won gold medal in summer olympics at beijing .  passports , identity cards , household records examine .
 former soldier accused of threatening to kill obama to appear in court <sec> robert a. quinones has served two tours in iraq , his neighbor says .  the former soldier faces multiple charges after a hostage incident .  a search of his residence yields many weapons , an affidavit state .
 should the world intervene in syria ? <sec> human rights activists call for an international response to violence in syria .  diplomats say intervention could make situation worse .  u.n. says more than 5,000 people had been killed in syria since the uprising bega .
 twitter cracks down on abusive tweets <sec> `` people deserve to feel safe on twitter , '' official says .  site is adding staff to handle complaints of abuse .  a `` report abuse '' button also is being rolled out .  moves come after threats of rape , other violence in the u .
 syria : front line battles take damascus suburbs back to 'stone age ' <sec> syrian regime forces are battling rebels for control of suburbs surrounding damascus .  battle for control of southern , eastern areas of capital could be key to outcome of civil war .  rebel leader says `` genocidal '' government siege is taking suburbs `` back to stone age '' .  regime says rebels are blocking aid convoys from reaching civilians in contested area .
 iraqi forces retake most of tikrit , militia head says <sec> isis tunnels under iraqi army headquarters ; explosions kill dozens of soldiers .  iraqi officials say they are investigating claims of abuses by soldiers after photos emerge .  isis has launched a major assault on the city of ramadi , an official say .
 us to reopen all but one diplomatic post closed due to al qaeda threat <sec> state department says 18 diplomatic posts will reopen on sunday .  facilities in yemen and lahore , pakistan , will stay closed for now .  no link seen between the pakistan threat and another one by al qaeda that forced the wider closures .  new : obama says `` we are not going to completely eliminate terrorism .
 testosterone gel effects in children spur fda warning <sec> androgel and testim approved for use in men who produce little or no testosterone .  other non-fda approved products are sold over the internet .  women also use these products off-labe .
 'golden girls ' star rue mcclanahan dies at 76 <sec> `` rue was a close and dear friend , '' co-star betty white says .  rue mcclanahan 's family at hospital with star when she died .  mcclanahan won an emmy in 1987 .  white is last surviving `` golden girls '' sta .
 yemen holds 1-candidate presidential vote tuesday <sec> longtime leader saleh 's vice president is the sole candidate on the ballot .  saleh handed over power to hadi in november after months of protests .  activists say they 're looking to hadi to start promised reforms .  separatist leaders in south yemen say they expect little chang .
 why google may be buying twitch <sec> reports say google 's youtube is in talks to buy twitch .  twitch is a website that focuses on live-streaming video games .  it has quietly amassed a huge audience in a short time .  analyst says move would let google eliminate competitio .
 reality bites , but uruguay have their hero suarez ' back <sec> while world 's press froths at the mouth , uruguay defends its hero .  uruguay coach backs striker accused of biting opponent .  luis suarez has history of on-field incidents , including two previous bites on opponent .
 egypt : journalist killed in cairo clashes <sec> mayada ashraf was killed while covering clashes , state-run news outlet reports .  committee to protect journalists calls for independent investigation .  clashes happened during protests of army chief 's decision to run for presiden .
 more retailers offering online deals ( and duds ) this holiday season <sec> more retailers are offering deals for online shoppers , experts say .  national retail federation predicts web spending will be up this year .  survey : online shoppers just as likely to want a kindle fire as an ipad .  while there are good deals to be found , look out for duds , as wel .
 it 's easy being green at the smithsonian <sec> the original kermit the frog puppet has been donated to the smithsonian .  nine other puppets from the 1950s show `` sam and friends '' were also donated .  the puppets were donated by the family of jim henson .  `` sam and friends '' aired from 1955 to 196 .
 6 americans among those killed in kabul bombing <sec> new : 6 americans died in the attack and 6 afghans .  insurgent group claims responsibility .  many afghan civilians were killed and wounded , isaf sai .
 5 militants dead , ending american hostage situation in kabul <sec> new : a girl was killed and a security guard wounded in bombing , an official says .  all 5 attackers are dead , officials say .  the attack comes ahead of the afghan presidential election .  the taliban have claimed responsibilit .
 jimena closes in on baja ; erika forms in atlantic <sec> hurricane jimena downgraded to category 3 , hurricane center says .  jimena 's maximum winds fall to 120 mph , but storm could strengthen .  hurricane warning covers most of the southern half of the baja peninsula .  tropical storm erika forms in eastern atlantic , national hurricane center say .
 hurricane gonzalo strengthens , heads for bermuda <sec> hurricane gonzalo is a category 3 storm .  it is expected to gain strength as it moves north over ocean water .  gonzalo hit the british virgin islands on monday , causing some power outage .
 'africa 's father of the internet : ' pioneer bringing continent online <sec> ghanaian professor nii quaynor is an african internet pioneer .  he was recently inducted into the internet hall of fame .  he says more african businesses must develop and host conten .
 guardiola signs off in style as barca thrash bilbao to win copa del rey <sec> barcelona win pepe guardiola 's final match in charge .  barca beat athletic bilbao 3-0 to win the copa del rey .  14th trophy of guardiola 's reign at the catalan giants .  pedro twice and lionel messi score in the first half in madri .
 iraq bans group visits to saddam hussein 's grave <sec> iraqi government bans all organized visits to saddam hussein 's grave .  former dictator buried in his hometown of al-ouja near tikrit , north of baghdad .  government move was made after a recent visit by schoolchildren to the grave .  move reflects concern of iraq 's government over presence of the baath part .
