 convicted spy pleads guilty to new charges , faces more prison time <sec> new : harold james `` jim '' nicholson pleads guilty to spying from prison .  new : prosecutors will recommend another 8 years in prison .  nicholson pleaded guilty in 1997 to spying for russia .  his son is also charged in the alleged spy effor .
 singer 's first wedding gig : ellen degeneres ' nuptials <sec> joshua radin 's new album is `` simple times '' .  radin , a friend of zach braff , had songs played on `` scrubs '' .  ellen degeneres liked one tune , asked radin to play her weddin .
 cnn poll : new congress ? americans not feeling change - cnnpolitics.com <sec> 6-in-10 americans do n't think the new congress will get more done than the last .  and about half say they do n't expect congress to change how responsive it is to the public .  despite voting republicans into power in november , just 28 % think the senate will be better off in republican hands .  americans are split on which party should give more to compromise on bipartisan legislatio .
 2 famu profs investigated over hazing allegations <sec> new : police report describes difficulty in investigating hazing allegations .  two music professors at famu have been placed on leave with pay .  they are being investigated over hazing allegations from 2010 , the university says .  the probe is not related to the suspected hazing death of robert champio .
 fbi confirms most wanted terror suspect marwan dead <sec> a man killed in a raid in the philippines in january was a `` most wanted '' terrorist , the fbi says .  marwan was a malaysian believed to have provided support to islamist terror groups .  44 elite philippine commandos were killed in the raid on his hideout last mont .
 kobani : life at war <sec> photographer furkan temir spent 17 days immersed in refugee camps on the turkish border .  temir brought a sleeping bag , a canon 6d camera , and some spare change to the camp .
 zuma shakes up cabinet in s. africa corruption probe <sec> president jacob zuma dismisses two cabinet ministers , suspends police chief .  luxury trip , shady deals on police offices among alleged misues of public funds .  zuma also to launch inquiry into contentious arms procurement contract .  challenge likely lies ahead for zuma during ruling party 's elective conferenc .
 enke death : what are the roots of depression ? <sec> dr. charles raison tells cnn about the symptoms and causes of depression .  some people carry genes that make them more prone to depression .  when people feel emotionally depressed they tend to lose interest in the world around the .
 court appears split over material witness law <sec> abdullah al-kidd was held for 16 days as a material witness .  he wants to sue former bush administration officials for wrongful detention .  the justices appear split along conservative-liberal line .
 rapper among dead after shooting , fiery crash on las vegas strip <sec> new : kenneth cherry jr. , a rapper known as kenny clutch , was killed , his lawyer says .  gunfire and a fiery crash kill 3 in the heart of las vegas strip .  casino visitor describes seeing `` fireball '' from caesars palace .  police are looking for a black range rover sport with large black rim .
 sienna miller is contrite , topless in 'esquire uk ' <sec> miller says she `` burnt a lot of bridges '' in hollywood .  the actress also says she was extremely naive .  she will next be seen in `` foxcatcher .
 plane crashes at santa monica airport , no survivors <sec> new : building company ceo , his son , believed to be onboard , business says .  ntsb investigators on scene , waiting until scene is safe to enter .  number of victims unknown ; jet could carry seven to nine people .  the plane departed from hailey , idah .
 king : life is bare bones on the lakota reservation <sec> in nation 's poorest county , about 56 percent of residents live below poverty line .  herbert hale , who is a member of the lakota tribe , is unemployed .  hale gets about $ 17 a week from a tribal welfare fund ; tries to find odd jobs .  lawmakers do n't get `` the plight on the reservation , '' tribal council member say .
 cave paintings reveal history in northern mexico <sec> nearly 5,000 cave painting were discovered in northeastern mexico in 2006 .  this week , archeologists revealed their initial findings .  the ages of the paintings are still not known .  but they are believed to have been made by hunter-gatherer tribe .
 ice caused gondola accident , resort says <sec> `` ice-jacking '' caused a lift at a canadian ski resort to fail , whistler resort says .  water in supporting tower caused it to rupture .  two gondola cars broke away and hit the ground , one dangled over frozen creek .  lift tower at idaho resort suffered similar damage in december 200 .
 world cup survival glass tells you when to stop drinking <sec> 'vessyl ' has a sensor that analyzes the molecular content of drinks in real time .  it then displays selected nutritional information such as alcohol content on the side .  the device can be set to meet a variety of needs , from weight loss to improved slee .
 'affluenza ' : is it real ? <sec> a texas teen claims `` affluenza '' rendered him blameless in a fatal dui crash .  some parents refuse to set limits , a psychologist says .  those parents may resist efforts of others to discipline their child .  without appropriate limits , a child 's behavior will `` mushroom , '' she say .
 human rights group calls for end to 'crackdown ' on activists in oman <sec> gulf center for human rights : 22 people were arrested at a rare protest in oman 's capital .  prosecutor says activists broke omani law by using social media to incite unrest .  they were demanding the release of activists reportedly arrested after a worker strik .
 massive tar mat dug up off louisiana , 3 years after gulf spill <sec> the slab of weathered crude and sand was more than 160 feet long .  most of its 40,000-plus pounds was sand and water , a coast guard official says .  louisiana is the last state where deepwater horizon cleanup continue .
 royal baby : catherine spends second day in hospital <sec> `` the duchess of cambridge is continuing to feel better , '' the palace says .  all 16 countries under british monarchy have agreed to a change in succession rules .  catherine suffers hyperemesis gravidarum , more severe than typical morning sickness .  the pregnancy is in `` its very early stages , '' the palace say .
 highlights of obama 's 2012 spending plan <sec> obama sends plan to capitol hill ; goal is to get funding in place by start of 2012 fiscal year .  plan includes a significant increase in education funding .  plan decreases discretionary resources for the department of transportation .  it trims funding for african development and inter-american foundations by nearly 20 .
 fallen football legend gazza back in rehab after friends rally round <sec> former england star paul gascoigne in rehab facility in arizona .  gascoigne admitted after latest alcohol fueled incident .  the troubled 45-year-old has `` complex issues '' say his management company .  a number of leading showbiz and sports stars show public suppor .
 air ok , but asbestos in debris from n.y. steam pipe blast <sec> new : at least 44 injured in blast , including some police officers , firefighters .  new : new jersey woman died from cardiac arrest , mayor says .  no asbestos in air , but it was detected in six of 10 samples of dust , debris .  department of environmental protection will continue to test debri .
 india lifts ban on cotton exports <sec> india will end its export ban after six days , the trade minister says .  the south asian nation is the world 's 2nd largest cotton producer .  the china cotton association had complained the ban seriously disturbed the international trade .  analysts had said the ban could spike consumer prices for cotton good .
 the grateful dead and bob weir 's long strange trip <sec> a documentary about grateful dead guitarist bob weir premiered this week .  the director says even super fans will learn things about the band in the film .  a grateful dead reunion may be in the work .
 mount rainier park reopens after deadly shooting <sec> new : `` it hurt to open the park up again , '' says park spokesman kevin bacher .  margaret anderson , the mother of two young girls , was shot sunday .  her suspected killer was found dead .  a memorial service for anderson will be held next wee .
 taliban threaten to kill aid workers as spies <sec> top taliban commander issues threat to execute foreign aid workers .  mohammed ibrahim hanafi said intelligence wing was gathering information .  hanafi repeated taliban 's pledge to keep girls out of public schools .  commander gave exclusive telephone interview friday night to cn .
 opinion : extermination of jordan davis : empty verdict , hollow victory <sec> tonyaa weathersbee calls the verdict in the michael dunn murder case a hollow victory .  dunn admitted firing into an suv , killing jordan davis , 17 , but said it was in self-defense .  dunn was found guilty of three counts of second-degree attempted murder .  the florida jury could not reach a verdict in the murder charge for davis ' deat .
 joan rivers ' facebook page plugs iphone 6 <sec> joan rivers appears to post on facebook about the iphone 6 .  comedian died on september 4 at age 81 .  iphone 6 and 6 plus were n't announced until september .
 florida theater shooting : couple had tense run-in with curtis reeves <sec> couple says they are sure the man that turned them in for texting is reeves .  jamira dixon says the man just glared at them throughout the movie .  cnn 's attempts to reach reeves ' attorney for comment were unsuccessful .  bond denied for reeves in movie theater shooting that followed texting disput .
 asian americans more diverse than just one television show <sec> author is a performance artist who turned to reality television to share her story .  author : my approach to art highlights issues that are n't covered regularly .  mainstream tv should n't be the only gauge of asian american experience , author say .
 brazil vote sparks fears for future of rainforest <sec> brazil has made a dramatic reduction in the rate of deforestation .  environmentalists worry that its progress could be put at risk by changes to forest law .  greenpeace is also concerned that indonesia 's measures to halt deforestation are not working .  the world resources institute says the world needs consistent , real-time deforestation dat .
 melting glaciers force italy , swiss to redraw border <sec> melting glaciers in alps forcing italy and switzerland to redraw their borders .  italian military geographic institute blames climate change for melting .  switzerland cooperating with italians on potential change .
 gadhafi delivers rambling u.n. tirade <sec> gadhafi says u.n. security council brings not security , but terror .  five nations ' veto power unfair , libyan leader tells u.n. general assembly .  global challenges require unified action , u.n. secretary-general says .  climate change , disarmament , poverty , war among issues addresse .
 cnn student news - december 11 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 crowds throng london in march against uk austerity <sec> new : police respond to trouble by small groups of masked protesters .  large numbers join union-backed marches in london , glasgow and belfast .  people `` want a britain that works for them , '' says labour party leader ed miliband .  cameron 's government says `` painful decisions '' are necessary to get britain back on trac .
 nyc hospital settles with family in waiting room death <sec> health and hospital corp. , operates hospital where esmin green died last year .  ceo alan aviles , takes full responsibility for her death and offers a `` full apology '' .  green died from pulmonary thromboembolism , says medical examiner .  the video appears to show hospital workers ignoring her lying on the floo .
 california gunman , shooting victims identified <sec> the gunman was also an employee of southern california edison , company says .  authorities identify the three dead .  the shooting occurred in southern california .  the victims were southern california edison employee .
 diana nyad completes historic cuba-to-florida swim <sec> diana nyad sits down with cnn chief medical correspondent dr. sanjay gupta .  `` you are never too old to chase your dreams , '' she says after 53-hour swim .  nyad becomes first person to swim from cuba to florida without shark cage .  this was nyad 's fifth and final attempt to make 103-mile swi .
 cruise ship captain may have made 'significant ' error , company says <sec> new : 2 of 120 american passengers are n't accounted for , the u.s. embassy says .  it appears the ship 's route was `` too close to the shore , '' costa cruises says .  the captain insists that the rocks his ship hit were not marked on his map .  two elderly people are found dead , bringing the death toll to .
 palin meets with world leaders ahead of vp debate <sec> palin meets with world leaders on sidelines of u.n. world summit .  meeting with kissinger stretches into an hour and a half .  palin debates sen. joe biden next week in st. louis , missouri .  palin has had to defend herself against charges she lacks foreign policy experienc .
 some afghan police join taliban in farah province <sec> a police commander took 13 junior officers and equipment with him to join the taliban .  the defections were a first in farah province , said a provincial spokesman .  the taliban has been active in the province , officials sa .
 china 's workers endure unhappy new year <sec> state-owned firms , government offices scale back chinese new year parties this year .  chinese new year office parties comparable to office christmas parties in west .  cic , petrochina , agricultural bank of china cancelled some or all new year events .  chinese new year this year is february 1 .
 engineers : bay bridge woes show need for critical action <sec> falling debris on bay bridge raises questions about repairs after minnesota collapse .  bridge remains shut , snarling traffic across san francisco bay area .  `` i have seen some lip service , but i have not seen a lot of momentum , '' expert say .
 could u.s. , iran work together in iraq ? maybe , officials say <sec> president obama meets with his national security council .  united states , iran held `` very brief discussions , '' a spokeswoman says .  275 u.s. troops headed to iraq .  u.s. officials : administration considering unarmed surveillance flights , airstrike .
 cnn student news transcript : october 29 , 2009 <sec> hear one official 's challenge to militants after violent attacks in pakistan .  launch into the details of nasa 's new space program and its ares rocket .  look back at a day that many point to as the start of the great depression .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 how one busy mom found her inner peace <sec> stilling your mind can lower blood pressure , reduce heart rate , limit stress hormones .  if traditional meditation leaves you sleepy , try mind-calming activities .  tai chi believed to offer benefits of silent meditation but with movement .  20 minutes of knitting can lower your heart rate and blood pressur .
 barack obama is 'president of the world ' <sec> global media heralds the end of the bush administration and the dawn of a new age .  china daily hopes for a `` more cooperative and talk-savvy new america '' .  times of india expresses concern that obama will discourage outsourcing .  russia 's pravda is ecstatic as `` eight years of hell are over .
 paid to eat , drink and have fun ! <sec> edward hamilton is a professional rum drinker and advises companies .  jim zielinski is paid to dream up greens and sand traps for virtual golf courses .  karen hoxmeier scouts out good deals for a livin .
 cnn student news - september 22 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 how does u.s. data collection affect me ? <sec> data collection revelations expand to internet and credit card data .  what 's collected apparently differs based on location and citizenship .  the information helps stop terror plots , u.s. officials say .  programs have been reviewed by secret court , declared legal , officials sa .
 fabregas move to barcelona sealed during spanish super cup <sec> cesc fabregas to move from arsenal to barcelona , clubs confirm .  fabregas will undergo medical and sign deal at nou camp monday .  he left the catalan giants at 16 to play for arsenal in epl .  barcas hold real madrid to 2-2 draw in bernabeu in first leg of spanish super cu .
 'boy meets world ' star rider strong engaged <sec> `` boy meets world '' heartthrob rider strong is engaged to actress alexandra barreto .  the couple met while co-starring in the short-lived tv series `` pepper dennis '' in 2006 .  in november , strong revealed that he will not be involved in `` girl meets world .
 fort hood wife went into emergency mode , calling other relatives <sec> soldier at fort hood says post is stressful : `` people in jail have a better life '' .  army wife whose husband was on post texted him to see if he was safe .  her husband , capt . .  david rice , texted back that he was fine .  sharon rice says security at fort hood is tight , but changes have n't been obviou .
 missing israeli teens found dead in west bank <sec> israel carries out airstrikes against nearly three dozen targets in gaza .  `` it 's just too sad to even imagine , '' victim 's aunt tells cnn .  `` hamas will pay '' for the deaths , says the israeli prime minister .  hamas spokesman warns against escalatio .
 signs of america 's racial past <sec> bob greene : case of a recent ohio `` whites only '' sign points up ugly part of u.s. history .  he says such signs once not uncommon in south , and also north , even into the 1960s .  he says children , in particular , absorb messages on signs ; internalize them as official .  greene : it 's meaningful that ohio story made news ; a reminder of the american journe .
 coup topples egypt 's morsy ; supporters reportedly rounded up <sec> u.n. 's ban ki-moon calls for `` calm , non-violence , dialogue and restraint '' .  morsy is under `` house arrest , '' a muslim brotherhood spokesman says .  obama says u.s. reviewing aid , urges return to civilian rule .  eight dead across egypt , health minister say .
 lance armstrong 's legacy may withstand accusations <sec> many fans still support armstrong , despite recent doping revelations .  `` he 's given a lot of people hope in this world , '' crisis communications expert says .  spokesman for federal prosecutor declines to say if criminal probe will be reopened .  armstrong is accused of taking part in sophisticated doping progra .
 arrests over togo football team shooting <sec> new : angola news agency : two men arrested over attack on togo team .  suspects said to be members of separatist rebel group .  rebels want independence for oil-rich congolese enclave of cabind .
 u.s. secretary of defense visits troops in afghanistan <sec> ashton carter was confirmed february 12 as u.s. secretary of defense .  he will visit u.s. troops and afghan officials during his two-day sta .
 kuranyi goal fires schalke joint second <sec> kevin kuranyi 's early goal gives schalke a 1-0 home victory against hamburg .  schalke now level in second position with bremen , who draw 3-3 at karlsruhe .  bayern munich will all but clinch the title with a win over stuttgart in sunda .
 commentary : how can we make the streets safer for our kids ? <sec> nhtsa : nearly 5,000 pedestrians killed , 70,000 injured non-fatally in 2007 .  children at risk because of size , immature judgment , lack of experience .  drivers should slow down in pedestrian areas ; walkers should hang up cell phon .
 nelson mandela : 10 surprising facts you probably did n't know <sec> he had a cameo in a spike lee film .  there 's a nuclear particle named after him .  his other passion was boxing .  he favorite dish was trip .
 floods in northern cameroon kill nearly 30 people , affect more than 26,000 <sec> nearly a month of heavy rain has destroyed homes , crops and barns , killed livestock .  the death toll is expected to grow as bodies are collected in the country 's far north region .  a dam fracture has caused a river to flood villages .  government response criticized as aid trickles in to flood victim .
