 zakaria : shoe-throwing incident shows good , bad of iraq war <sec> fareed zakaria : shoe-throwing incident shows iraq is becoming more open society .  incident also focuses attention on what iraq war has cost iraqis , he says .  zakaria says incident is an embarrassment to many iraqi .
 too many immigrants in france , sarkozy says <sec> new : france has an influx of about 130,000 people a year .  france is not integrating immigrants well , president sarkozy says .  he is running for a second term in office and facing a strong challenge .  he says he can not imagine his rival francois hollande as presiden .
 will u.s. strikes hurt isis ' oil riches ? <sec> luay al-khatteeb says isis now controls 60 % of syria 's oil assets and a slice of iraq 's .  the oil is sold through black market routes , particularly into turkey .  iraq appointed a new oil minister this month , who could help crack down on isis .  al-khatteeb says the minister can assist by backing big oil projects that create job .
 china protests at india cotton export ban <sec> manmohan singh , india 's prime minister , urgently requested a group of cabinet members to review the ban .  cotton traders including cargill , noble group and glencore suffered big losses after cotton prices fall to less than $ 1 .  cotton prices have risen this year after india banned exports for the second time in two years .
 hagel outlines overhaul of u.s. nuclear program due to 'systemic problems ' <sec> defense secretary chuck hagel ordered a review of the u.s. nuclear program .  this came after misconduct involving officers who were part of the program .  an internal review points to a host of problem .
 in-flight food : heaven or hell on a tray ? <sec> in-flight food has been the butt of much criticism for the airline industry .  industry experts say quality is improving despite some budget cutbacks .  airline food is back in focus after a six-page rant from a virgin passenger .  the complaint letter referred to the passenger 's `` culinary journey of hell .
 rockets hit beirut area as sectarian strife flares in lebanon , syria <sec> new : two rockets also fall on a hezbollah stronghold in northern lebanon .  two rockets injure at least five people , including three syrians , in the beirut suburb of dahiye .  hezbollah has declared military support for syria 's government .  the lebanese interior minister calls his country 's sectarian tensions `` intolerable .
 their lives had one thing in common : 'whitey ' bulger <sec> the trial was a parade of witnesses , characters , victims .  memories were relived , murders were recalled .  in the end , the jury believed the stream of testimony , evidence against bulger .  in the end , bulger 's assessment : `` this is a sham . .  do what ya 's want with me .
 egypt gas pipeline to israel explodes ; sabotage suspected <sec> flow of gas to israel and jordan from egypt has been shut off .  the army has cordoned off the area and asked onlookers to leave .  it is the third such attack since mubarak 's government was toppled .  israel receives approximately 40 % of its natural gas from egyp .
 japan 's 'anti-loneliness ' cafe goes viral <sec> at tokyo 's moomin house cafe , lone patrons are seated with a stuffed animal for company .  the cafe has seen a surge in visitors since its `` anti-loneliness '' concept went viral .  originally from finland , moomin characters are popular in japa .
 serbia claim davis cup after troicki heroics in belgrade <sec> viktor troicki beats michael llodra in straight sets as serbia win davis cup final .  troicki 's 6-2 6-2 6-3 win gives the hosts a thrilling 3-2 victory over france in belgrade .  novak djokovic leveled the tie at 2-2 earlier sunday with a three set win over gael monfils .  serbia claimed the coveted trophy for the first time over nine-time winners franc .
 summer concert tickets scarce and expensive <sec> summer concert tickets are averaging several hundred dollars .  british acts one direction and the rolling stones are the most expensive .  expert says fans are willing to pay for a live music experienc .
 pi to the 10,000th digit <sec> in honor of pi day march 14 , cnn lists 10,000 digits of the number pi .  the irrational number is commonly used in circle geometry .  wolframalpha and the mathematica program provides the calculatio .
 governor calls for firing of justice in interracial marriage case <sec> louisiana officials criticize justice of peace for denying license to interracial couple .  keith bardwell told newspaper he 's not racist , claims interracial marriages do n't last .  couple received marriage license from another justice , considers taking legal actio .
 reaching the next generation with 'muppet diplomacy ' <sec> children in 120 countries watch some version of `` sesame street '' .  sesame is trying to use that following to foster a culture of understanding .  the palestinian version is called `` shara'a simsim .
 after sinking , some wonder : is cruising safe ? <sec> `` it sure does frighten me , a longtime cruiser , '' editor-in-chief of cruisecritic.com writes .  accidents such as this one are an extremely rare occurrence , cruise industry group says .  cruise expert : chaos may have been caused in part by communication problems .  psychologist : industry will have to communicate how safe cruising actually i .
 costa concordia : wrecked cruise ship floating again <sec> the ship is now floating again , the costa ceo says .  the costa concordia cruise ship ran aground and tipped in january 2012 , killing 32 people .  officials hope to find the remains of waiter russel rebello , only victim not foun .
 actress lindsay lohan to appear in playboy <sec> lohan will be featured in the january/february issue of the magazine .  the 25-year-old actress was released from jail early monday .  her rocky personal life has overshadowed her career in recent year .
 famine in east africa : how you can help <sec> twelve million people are facing a hunger crisis in east africa .  the united nations warns that the crisis could spread .  relief organizations are calling on the international community to join together to end the crisis .  if you want to help , donations can be as simple as sending a tex .
 border agent accused of helping smugglers <sec> jose luis zavala is accused of aiding drug smugglers .  investigators say he helped steer smugglers into his lane at international crossings .  his apparent failure to spot 3,000 pounds of pot in a van raised question .
 conan o'brien avoids jay leno 's 'tonight ' fight <sec> conan o'brien avoided joking about leno on monday .  it was his first night back after a week-long hiatus .  o'brien previously replaced leno for seven months only to be pushed aside .  instead of leno jokes , o'brien focused on passover and the pop .
 prime minister 's 'conspiracy ' comments jolt pakistan <sec> new : military denies prime minister 's claim of a plot .  prime minister gilani says there are conspiracies to bring down the government .  local newspapers suggest a clash is looming between civilian and military authorities .  the prime minister 's remarks come amid widespread controversy over a leaked mem .
 mccain pokes fun at campaign in 'snl ' visit <sec> sen. john mccain appears on `` saturday night live '' with wife , cindy .  mccain also appears with ex-cast member tina fey playing alaska gov . .  sarah palin .  mccain alludes to sen. barack obama 's infomercial , proposed town hall meeting .
 typhoon haikui strikes east coast of china <sec> haikui 's winds are at `` severe typhoon '' strength as it hits eastern china .  more than 600,000 people have been evacuated from affected areas .  haikui is the third tropical cyclone to hit china 's east coast in less than a wee .
 o.j . simpson 's lawyers request another trial <sec> motion : simpson did n't get a fair trial because black jurors were dismissed .  an all-white jury convicted simpson earlier this month on robbery charges .  he could get life in prison during his sentencing on december .
 iran : time for travelers to return ? <sec> travel to member of former `` axis of evil '' may increase with election of new president .  biggest surprise of iran travel is people 's overwhelming friendliness .  most obstacles to a visit arise beforehand -- visas can be slow .  architectural and historic sights rank with istanbu .
 former 'communist utopia ' now in jeopardy <sec> hoyerswerda , germany , has lost many residents since the berlin wall fell .  it was once held up as an example of a communist utopia in east germany .  but over the years , many left town looking for better job opportunitie .
 minorities expected to be majority in 2050 <sec> census : by 2050 , 54 percent will be other than non-hispanic , single-race whites .  number of u.s , residents older than 65 expected to more than double .  hispanic population projected to make the largest gains .  census official says the timelines are not written in ston .
 world 's tallest man meets world 's shortest man <sec> for the first time , the tallest recorded man in the world met the shortest man .  sultan kosen , 31 , is a turkish farmer who measures 8 feet , 3 inches tall .  nepalese weaver chandra bahadur dangi , 74 , is just 21½ inches tall .  the two men met in london for the 10th annual guinness world records da .
 jury finds 'whitey ' bulger guilty of racketeering , murder <sec> new : bulger was arrested in 2011 in santa monica , california , after some 16 years on the lam .  new : he ran boston 's irish mob from the 1970s through the early 1990s .  new : a jury finds bulger responsible for the murder of 11 people , guilty of racketeering .  new : he could spend the rest of his life behind bars ; sentencing is set for novembe .
 judge pleased with lindsay lohan 's probation behavior <sec> new : lindsay lohan has `` done well '' on probation the past month , the judge says .  new : the judge eased lohan 's travel limit once she does 12 shifts at the morgue each month .  new : judge : `` the morgue seems to be pleased , as pleased as a morgue can be '' .  if she stays on track , lohan 's probation will be eased in march , judge say .
 lapd gets break in one of biggest art heists , at $ 12m <sec> 12 paintings are stolen from the los angeles home of a bedridden elderly couple .  it takes six years for fbi , police to get an overseas tip that leads them to an l.a. fence .  investigators arrest man , recover nine paintings worth up to $ 12 million .  fbi , lapd offer $ 25k reward to find others involved in one of biggest local heist .
 american held in qatar cries for help in court <sec> an appeals court hearing ends without the release of matthew and grace huang .  the couple seeks u.s. intervention after their conviction on child endangerment charge .  conviction draws world 's attention , raises questions about qatari justice system 's fairness .  the case puts u.s. in a difficult spot with a close ally with whom it is working on mideast issue .
 christie opts for special election , says voters should decide <sec> christie had decision to make about filling unexpired term of late sen. lautenberg .  new jersey will hold special election in october .  decision avoids possibility of democratic turnout boost when christie on ballot in november .  christie says his decision is not political , says he wants what is best for state , voter .
 plane carrying family of 5 missing in idaho <sec> pilot reported engine failure sunday afternoon , sought idaho airstrip .  single-engine plane carried a family of five headed to butte , montana .  search under way near cascade , idaho , includes state national guar .
 syrian rebel groups unite to fight isis <sec> two u.s. congressmen met with members of syria 's rebel groups .  the groups agreed to unite in their fight against isis and president bashar al-assad .  cnn was the only news agency present at the meeting .  it 's unclear when the rebels might receive arms and trainin .
 5 ways to honor veterans beyond veterans day <sec> do something to help veterans all days of the year , not just on veterans day .  major needs for veterans include better access to jobs and health care .  get to know a veteran to help bridge the cultural gap .  `` do n't treat us like victims , '' veteran say .
 world 's best cycling cities <sec> netherlands city of utrecht is building the world 's biggest bike parking facility .  bogota may be cursed by smog and heavy traffic , but the city 's mayor is credited with dramatically boosting bike use .  in tokyo , nearly 14 % of all journeys are made by bicycl .
 small protests have big impact in saudi arabia <sec> arrest of female protesters in saudi arabia sparks outrage .  rights groups say government has detained thousands under counterterrorism efforts .  saudi officials have been reluctant to commen .
 how to help your dog age gracefully <sec> for the best quality of life , your older dog requires special care .  do n't feed your pet table scraps -- 45 % of u.s. dogs are overweight , a study finds .  socializing benefits your dog at every ag .
 feds : clinic founder sold performance drugs to pro and high school athletes <sec> tony bosch enters not guilty plea for now , expected to change to guilty later .  bosch , founder of biogenesis anti-aging clinic in miami , surrenders to dea .  clinic allegedly provided performance-enhancing drugs to pro baseball players .  earlier this year , major league baseball dropped suit against bosch and biogenesi .
 captured u.s. soldier 's family : 'keep bowe in your thoughts ' <sec> new : u.s. defense secretary gates : u.s. forces doing everything to find bergdahl .  friend to soldier : `` know that we love you and we are praying '' .  soldier from idaho says he 's frightened he wo n't be able to see family again .  u.s. military : pfc . .  bowe r. bergdahl , 23 , was captured june 30 in afghanista .
 church pastor killed during service , police say <sec> church members tackle gunman after shooting , police say .  suspect 's injuries are `` very serious , '' police spokesman says .  police looking for motive in illinois church attack that killed pasto .
 pals of suburban mom help her make $ 500,000 bail in pot case <sec> andrea sanderlin is accused of running a pot-growing warehouse .  sanderlin was released on $ 500,000 bail monday .  officials say they followed her to a marijuana-growing operation in queen .
 would you buy a huawei smartphone ? <sec> china 's huawei is now the world 's third biggest smartphone maker .  the shenzhen-based manufacturer has designs on markets outside china .  u.s , lawmakers worry huawei products could be hidden channel spies , hackers .  the company produces smartphones priced much lower than rivals such as appl .
 donald cruises to scottish open victory <sec> world number one luke donald claims victory in the scottish open on sunday .  donald wins by four shots in the traditional warm-up event for the british open .  the tournament is reduced to 54 holes because of adverse weather condition .
 high court strikes down chicago handgun ban <sec> 5-4 decision reiterates and expands conclusion in 2008 d.c. decision .  due process section of 14th amendment used in decision .  `` a great moment in american history , '' nra 's wayne lapierre says .  handgun control advocate says decision does not prohibit `` sensible , strong gun laws .
 swedish princess to wed american 'soulmate ' <sec> princess madeleine and christopher o'neill met through mutual friends in new york .  `` i immediately felt something special with madeleine , '' says o'neill .  madeleine is the third child of sweden 's king carl xvi gustaf and queen silvia .  the wedding is planned for next summer but no date has yet been announce .
 scientists capture antimatter atoms in particle breakthrough <sec> antihydrogen atoms were trapped in a magnetic field .  matter and antimatter annihilate each other on contact .  `` it 's taken us five years to get here , '' says professor jeffrey hangst .  cern 's next ambition is to create a beam of antimatte .
 large sugary drinks flow in nyc as officials appeal ruling <sec> nyc businesses continue to sell large sodas .  mayor bloomberg says appeal will prevail .  judge rules measure was laden with exception .
 google gets license to operate driverless cars in nevada <sec> nevada approves a license for `` autonomous vehicles '' that drive themselves .  google will test out its self-driving technology in the state ; other companies may follow .  the company says its cars have driven 200,000 miles solo without accidents .  nevada 's new red license plate feature an infinity symbo .
 hoaxer about manti te'o : 'i cared for this person ' <sec> new : `` it was never going to be , '' tuiasosopo says of relationship with manti te'o .  tuiasosopo sat down for a two-part interview that began thursday on `` the dr. phil show '' .  in the interview , tuiasosopo says he wanted to end the relationshi .
 california bill to ban plastic bags goes to senate vote <sec> california state senators are expected to vote on plastic bag ban tuesday .  bill passed state assembly in june .  groups supporting and opposing the measure are speaking ou .
 iran test-fires 14 missiles during military drills <sec> tuesday is the second day of war games dubbed the `` great prophet six '' .  iran announced monday that it has built its first ballistic missile silos .  iran aired video of the missile silos monda .
 jury being picked in case of slain arkansas television anchor <sec> man accused in rape , beating death of anne pressly , 26 , a year ago .  curtis lavelle vance , 29 , has pleaded not guilty , would face death penalty if convicted .  vance was linked to killing through dna , has given conflicting statements to police .  parties in the case hope to finish jury selection tuesday , county circuit court clerk 's office say .
 movie uncovers south africa 's underground youth culture <sec> new documentary showcases the sights and sounds of south africa 's youth scene .  stocktown x : south africa interviews cape town and johannesburg 's young creatives .  filmmakers want to reveal the thriving urban culture away from media stereotype .
 dems nix money to close gitmo , say plan needed first <sec> obama administration had requested $ 80 million to close the prison .  house democrat : president wo n't get money until `` concrete plan '' is made .  committee chairman : `` when they have a plan , they 're welcome to ... talk to us '' .  justice department examining what to do with detainees , defense secretary has sai .
 queen 's northern ireland visit marks symbolic end to conflict <sec> britain 's queen elizabeth visiting northern ireland on jubilee tour .  during the trip she will meet -- and shake hands with -- former ira figure martin mcguinness .  meeting a symbolic moment of peace between two sides of sectarian divide .  queen 's cousin , lord louis mountbatten , was assassinated by the ira in 197 .
 u.s. confirms al qaeda `` military brain '' killed in drone attack <sec> kashmiri was seen at the location of the strike .  pakistan has not confirmed the death of ilyas kashmiri .  kashmiri 's followers say he was killed in a drone strike in pakistan .  he is considered one of the most dangerous men in the worl .
 former virginia governor found guilty in influence-peddling case <sec> sentencing set for january 6 .  bob mcdonnell and his wife convicted on multiple counts , cleared on others .  the mcdonnells sob in court as the verdict is read .  virginia 's former first couple was accused of influence peddlin .
 briton 's software a surprise weapon in iran cyberwar <sec> iranian protesters use site that refreshes web page to hack official sites .  page reboot software means dissidents can `` attack '' sites with barrage of hits .  heavy traffic forced ryan kelly to temporarily suspend it , but he later restored i .
 al qaeda claims responsibility for cia attack <sec> al qaeda claims responsibility for last month 's afghanistan bombing , say islamist web sites .  suicide bombing killed seven cia employees and contractors and a jordanian military officer .  al qaeda says attack avenged deaths of leader of the taliban in pakistan and operatives .  several groups have claimed responsibility for the attac .
 syria exposes cool spots in u.s.-russia ties <sec> syria may strain u.s.-russian ties , but they still need each other , observers say .  syria `` is a place where russia has real interests at stake , '' carnegie analyst says .  the united states needs russian help in the iran nuclear talks , former diplomat say .
 n.y. city council extends term limits for mayor , other officials <sec> new : new york city council votes 29 to 22 in favor of bill to extend term limits .  new : mayor michael bloomberg , who introduced measure , calls vote `` right choice '' .  bill allows bloomberg , other elected officials to run for third term .  earlier thursday , council nixed voter referendum on the issu .
