 shame and blame : why washington needs couples therapy <sec> washington faced yet another fiscal deadline -- this time with no real effort to negotiate .  couples therapist : democrats , republicans lost sight of big picture , are just arguing to win .  couples mediator : disagreements should be used to find solution .
 brazilian ex-prostitute plans suit against u.s. embassy <sec> former prostitute claims u.s. embassy van ran over her after she was thrown out of it .  marines say she was injured when trying to get back into vehicle in brasilia in december .  panetta says he has `` no tolerance '' for alleged behavio .
 mercenary points finger at thatcher in coup case <sec> mercenary simon mann implicates former friend mark thatcher in coup .  former army commando faces charges of trying to overthrow president .  mann claims thatcher knew much more than he claimed about plo .
 north korea hold greece , paraguay lose <sec> north korea draw 2-2 with fellow world cup finalists greece in austria .  world cup finalists paraguay suffer 2-1 defeat to the republic of ireland in dublin .  cameroon and nigeria fail to score in draws with georgia and saudi arabi .
 morrissey hints at cancer scare <sec> morrissey : `` if i die , then i die '' .  singer says doctors have scraped cancerous tissues from him .  he 's had many health issues recentl .
 new rules for mobile instant messaging in china <sec> china issues new rules for uses and providers of mobile im services .  commentator : `` this is just the latest set of rules to remind everyone who 's in charge '' .  will the increased control of mobile use hamper mobile innovation in china .
 islam key to afghan dream <sec> opinion : u.s. underestimates importance of islam in making afghanistan a better place .  authors say islam establishes protection and preservation of life , and dignity for all .  they say the u.s. should work with imams to improve lives in afghanista .
 cheetah cub thrives under foster mom <sec> zoologists at the smithsonian national zoo cross-foster a cheetah cub .  they persuaded a female cheetah to become a foster mom to an at-risk cub .  researchers estimate there are 7,000 to 12,000 cheetahs in the worl .
 lil wayne heads to jail on tuesday <sec> rapper dwayne carter will be sentenced for a gun conviction .  carter 's sentencing was postponed so he could get dental work .  work includes removal of diamond-encrusted brace .
 sally ride , first american woman in space , dies <sec> sally ride earned four degrees from stanford university ; she was an author .  president barack obama hails ride as a national hero .  the former astronaut dies after a 17-month battle with pancreatic cancer ; she was 61 .  nasa : `` ride broke barriers ... and literally changed the face of america 's space program .
 french maestro gives an a to z of teamwork <sec> french ex-footballer zinedine zidane won every major honor during his career .  his talent and modesty won him the respect of his teammates and managers .  the son of algerian immigrants , he grew up in a poor suburb of marseilles .  he retired in 2006 after he was sent off in the world cup final against ital .
 sri lankan army renews attack on tamil rebels <sec> new : fears voiced by unicef for children trapped in the escalating fighting .  upsurge in hostilities follows cessation for new year .  u.n. humanitarian chief : large number of people crowded in very small area .  tamil tigers , sri lanka government locked in conflict lasting nearly 25 year .
 five years later , gulf coast gets more help for katrina damage <sec> new : the federal government is sending more than $ 26.8 million to louisiana to help with rebuilding projects .  new : a $ 1.6 million-plus project in mississippi is also in the works .  new : the eight funded projects will help both public and private entities .  the money comes from a federal disaster recovery fund established by the stafford ac .
 john kerry 's wife hospitalized in massachusetts <sec> new : teresa heinz kerry , 74 , spoke to cnn about her battle with breast cancer in 2010 .  she was taken by ambulance to a hospital .  her family , through a spokesman , asks for privac .
 website lets world admire 'ghent altarpiece ' in 100 billion pixels <sec> minute details of ghent altarpiece now available to view online in 100 billion pixels .  project emerged from documentation process prior to conservation work .  website shows under-drawings beneath surface of the painting .  site -- a rich resource for scholars -- is open to al .
 israel slams catholic statement on mideast , singling out archbishop <sec> israeli official : catholic bishops ' conference was `` hijacked by an anti-israel majority '' .  an archbishop said saturday that israel is not the jews ' promised land .  israeli deputy foreign minister danny ayalon calls the archbishop 's remark `` libel '' .  bishops are pushing the u.n. to work for a two-state solutio .
 indonesia apologizes to singapore and malaysia for record smog <sec> new : indonesia 's president apologizes to singapore and malaysia over smog .  malaysia closes schools in many parts of the country because of haze .  state of emergency declared in two southern areas after pollution index spikes .  singapore breathes easier as change in wind direction disperses smo .
 dutch investigators to issue initial report on mh17 <sec> the boeing 777 was shot down in ukraine in july .  of the 298 people killed , a majority were dutch .  report will be based on the sources available , dutch safety board say .
 bolshoi ballet star denies masterminding acid attack on sergei filin <sec> soloist pavel dmitrichenko denies organizing an acid attack on the bolshoi 's artistic director .  his alleged accomplice , yuri zarutsky , pleads guilty and says he acted alone .  zarutsky 's alleged driver in the attack , andrei lipatov , pleads not guilty .  sergei filin has recovered some of his sight after multiple surgeries in german .
 pro-romney super pac slams gingrich - cnnpolitics.com <sec> `` super '' political action committees are spending millions of dollars on ads in iowa .  one group supporting romney has been attacking newt gingrich .  a recent supreme court ruling allows those pacs to spend unlimited money in a campaig .
 kidman 's 'grace of monaco ' goes from cannes to lifetime <sec> the film will premiere on memorial day .  it opened last year 's cannes film festival .  a planned march theater release was scrubbe .
 five places to rendezvous with presidents <sec> the lincoln birthplace features a replica of the log cabin where lincoln was born .  at the reagan library , visitors can peek in the boeing 707 used by the 40th president .  springwood mansion shows visitors a personal side of the only four-term presiden .
 report : iranian warships dock in sudan in show of support <sec> two iranian warships are at port sudan , sudanese state media report .  their visit is a show of support and friendship , iran and sudan say .  an airstrike destroyed an arms factory in sudan last week ; iran and sudan blame israel .  sudan denies that the factory was producing arms for iran or its allie .
 ukraine troops pull out of debaltseve as truce falters <sec> nato chief jens stoltenberg urges russia to `` withdraw all its forces from eastern ukraine '' .  ukraine 's military says 80 % of its armed forces have now withdrawn from debaltseve .  ukraine leader says forces are pulling back , urges world to use tough response to russi .
 arc winning owner pays world record for a yearling filly at auction <sec> world record price paid for a yearling filly .  qatari sheikh joann al thani purchased filly for $ 8.38 million at tattersalls .  al thani owns prix de l'arc de triomphe winner treve .  filly has strong pedigree including link to record breaking franke .
 no mercy for iranian execution survivor <sec> hanged for 12 minutes , alireza m. is declared dead .  official papers are signed , and the body goes to a morgue .  but steamed plastic reveals that he is alive .  the judge is unmove .
 commentary : mexican-americans have deep u.s. ties <sec> tomás jiménez : mexican-americans often perceived only as immigrants .  he says nearly a third were born in the u.s. to parents also born in the u.s . .  he says assumptions about mexican-americans being foreign can be scary .  jiménez : mexican-americans have a rich heritage to celebrat .
 obama : ahmadinejad 's speech 'offensive ' and 'hateful ' <sec> mahmoud ahmadinejad 's u.n. speech hailed as `` divine gift '' in iran .  the iranian leader blamed america for the september 11 attacks .  it was especially egregious that he made the comments in new york , obama says .  u.s. , british , swedish , australian and spanish delegates walked ou .
 528 muslim brotherhood supporters sentenced to death in egypt <sec> the charges are related to riots in the city of minya last year .  the riots took place after security forces cracked down on protesters .  the defendants can appeal their sentence .
 dog abandoned with suitcase at train station <sec> woman claims dog 's abandonment was result of an attempted sale gone wrong .  dog was left at a scottish railway station , along with a suitcase of his belongings .  photos of the forlorn dog have attracted thousands of shares and comments on social medi .
 white house : gop voted to delay obamacare mandate <sec> the white house is puzzled by the focus of a gop lawsuit against president obama .  the challenge centers on the obamacare employer mandate delay .  obama acted on his own last summer , but house republicans also voted to defer it for a year .  so do they have a case ? .  house speaker john boehner says they do , despite the house vot .
 sen. ensign says he will resign on may 3 <sec> the nevada senator is the focus of a senate ethics investigation .  ensign previously had said he would not run for re-election next year .  two nevada congress members announced previously they will run for ensign 's sea .
 suspect in custody on suspicion of possession of explosive materials <sec> new : chamberlain was arrested in crissy field , a law enforcement official says .  ryan kelly chamberlain ii , 42 , is accused of having explosive materials at his home .  he was last seen saturday south of san francisco , according to the fb .
 climate change : time for international deals ? <sec> world seeing sobering signs of climate change 's accelerating impacts , say politicians .  but they argue that national legislation to limit emissions is advancing .  u.n. action on climate change will only be credible if backed up by national legislation , they say .  `` the fate of our planet depend on our actions , '' they writ .
 syrian president vows to 'live and die ' in syria , warns against foreign invasion <sec> new : car bomb blast in damascus countryside , no word on deaths .  the red cross says it 's struggling to cope with syria 's worsening humanitarian situation .  russian media : bashar al-assad warns of a `` domino '' effect from the atlantic to the pacific .  the syrian national council announces a new body to include `` all opposition groups .
 golden girl leann rimes tarnished by relationship drama <sec> leann rimes is divorcing her husband and has been spotted with co-star .  rimes and actor eddie cibrian have been photographed on vacation .  a former child star , rimes had enjoyed an image as a happily married celeb .  magazine editor says rimes ' spouse gathering sympathy for being wronge .
 justices ' finances show overseas travel , book royalties , gifts <sec> justices breyer and scalia ran neck-and-neck in the category of most-traveled justice .  justices scalia and breyer reported income from book sales .  justice sotomayor reported a gift of fine china worth $ 1,400 .  justice alito did not submit his disclosure form on time , and asked for an extensio .
 u.s. destroyer pursuing hijacked ship in somali waters , military says <sec> sources : u.s. destroyer has entered somali territorial waters to pursue ship .  pirates hijack ship carrying benzene off somalia ; benzene is highly flammable .  u.s. destroyer working with permission of somalia governmen .
 international alert issued for fugitive iraqi vice president <sec> vice president tariq al-hashimi says charges against him are fabricated .  al-hashimi is wanted by iraqi authorities on terrorism charges .  interpol 's `` red notice '' to 190 member countries is not an international arrest warrant .  but many member countries consider the alert to be a valid request for provisional arres .
 how democrats could win with a 'fairness ' campaign <sec> julian zelizer says democrats need a national theme for their 2012 campaigns .  he says they should stress fairness and push measures to help poor , middle class .  he says gop , by its stance on taxes and unemployment insurance , may alienate voter .
 why facebook may want to track your location <sec> facebook is working on app that tracks users ' locations , a report says .  such `` social discovery '' apps seek to help you meet friends -- old or new .  privacy has been a concern that slowed growth of such apps .  facebook also could use the reams of data to target advertisin .
 ten best companies for working moms <sec> the best companies often have good benefits for moms who can only work 20 hours a week .  trihealth , whose employees are 83 % women , offers extensive child care services .  at wellstar women earn two thirds of the very highest salaries and oversee most of the profit-and-loss decision .
 trader faces trial over alleged $ 7b fraud <sec> jerome kerviel faces charges including forgery , breach of trust , false data entry .  accused trader faces penalty of up to five years in jail , $ 538,000 fine .  societe generale also to ask kerviel to pay back almost 5 billion euro .
 aaron hernandez jury 's field trip ( opinion ) <sec> danny cevallos : celebrity trials are vastly different from the justice most people see .  in a case like that of aaron hernandez , judges may be more willing to take a field tri .
 the other indiana jones on pulling stunts for ford <sec> vic armstrong was harrison ford 's stunt double in the indiana jones movies .  his physical similarity to ford is at the root of his success as indy 's `` fall guy '' .  after 40 years in the business , armstrong is the authority on death defying stunts .  armstrong on ford as a stuntman actor : `` harrison has to be the ultimate .
 love ( letters ) hath a price : $ 134,500 when author is jackie kennedy <sec> jackie kennedy onassis 's love letters were written when she was a teen .  she wrote them to her then-boyfriend at harvard .  they were valued between $ 25,000 and $ 35,000 .  `` a french lady '' bought them for $ 134,500 , the auctioneer say .
 'king 's speech ' rules at the 83rd oscars <sec> new : best actress winner natalie portman says she will not name her baby oscar .  new : best actor colin firth says he plans to cook now that the hectic award season is over .  `` king 's speech '' wins best actor , picture , director and screenplay oscars .  `` inception '' wins 4 oscar .
 hagel : no 'solid evidence ' on nigeria schoolgirls ' whereabouts <sec> defense secretary chuck hagel said the u.s. has some information .  another official said there have n't been any new leads in several days .  more than 200 schoolgirls abducted in nigeria last month by boko hara .
 european union , turkey avoid rupture in relations <sec> the government 's harsh reaction to protests has raised concerns among eu nations .  police detain at least 20 in ankara .  turkey 's prime minister warns of a shadowy foreign conspiracy aimed at toppling him .  family of slain protester `` devastated '' over release of shoote .
 book : michaele salahi has multiple sclerosis <sec> salahi has suffered from multiple sclerosis for nearly 17 years , book says .  couple are best known for slipping into a state dinner .  book says it will lay out when and why the salahis were invite .
 group helps down-on-luck dog owners keep their pets <sec> economic struggles have made it hard for many people to pay for their dogs ' needs .  when that happens , the dog may be given to a shelter or euthanized if they 're sick .  marlo manning 's nonprofit provides financial aid to families so they can keep their dogs .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroe .
 tunisia sex workers call for brothel to reopen in resort of sousse <sec> prostitutes hand over a petition appealing for the sousse brothel to reopen .  the brothel was closed down by a court order around 16 months ago .  veiled official says she will do what she can to help the women sex workers .  prostitutes say they 're suffering major financial hardship because they ca n't wor .
 australian pm survives no-confidence vote <sec> prime minister tony abbott survives a vote of no confidence in his own party by 61-39 .  he has accumulated critics over a stalled budget among other things .  tony abbott was elected as prime minister of australia in september 201 .
 opinion : why file-sharing can not and should not be stopped <sec> rick falkvinge is the founder of the swedish piratpartiet , the first pirate party worldwide .  he argues that the development of mobile devices makes it impossible to stop file-sharing .  he argues this means almost everybody can access all of humanity 's collective knowledge and cultur .
 man pleads not guilty in slayings of wife , sons <sec> new : illinois man held without bond on three counts of first-degree murder .  chris coleman pleads not guilty to slayings of wife , two children .  bodies were found in southern illinois home on may 5 .  coleman claimed he left home for gym before slayings , police sa .
 as classes resume , oberlin grapples with hate messages <sec> the messages included swastikas and posters with racial slurs .  classes were canceled after a report of someone outfitted in kkk regalia .  two students have been identified as being involved in the postings .  president krislov refuses comment , saying `` it is a law enforcement matter .
 new u.s. house : women and minorities to the left ; white men to the right <sec> women and minorities now make up majority of democratic caucus in the house .  after election , house republican caucus is more white and more male .  differences could lead to showdowns and gridlock over immigration , health care and the deb .
 putin warns u.s. , west against arming organ-eating syrian rebels <sec> vladimir putin blames both sides for the bloodshed in syria .  russian president says alleged acts by rebels do n't represent the values of europe or russia .  russia 's arms contracts with syria are in ''full compliance '' with international law , he says .  russia warns the u.s. against a no-fly zone over syri .
 break for the border : indo-pakistan tennis duo 's dream for peace <sec> rohan bopanna and aisam-ul-haq qureshi are the most talked about doubles pairing in tennis .  bopanna is an indian hindu while qureshi is a pakistani muslim .  the pair are known for their humanitarian work to strengthen links between their countries .  they made the 2010 u.s. open final and want to stage a match on the india-pakistan borde .
 st. patrick 's day , from martha stewart 's home to yours <sec> martha stewart 's childhood neighbors introduced her to irish fare .  stewart begged her mother to cook a st. patrick 's day feast .  corned beef and soda bread are some of martha stewart 's favorite irish treat .
 obama calls for marriage equality , says 'i want everyone treated fairly ' <sec> new : obama promotes theme of `` togetherness '' at a fundraiser .  obama tells barnard grads they can `` shape ... the destiny of this nation and of this world '' .  he encourages graduates to `` speak up for what 's right '' .  his commencement speech comes days after mitt romney 's liberty university speec .
 $ 22 million mid-air jet crash killed ... no one <sec> the two f-16cs collided mid-air near moline , kansas , in october .  one pilot ejected ; the other landed with a damaged win .
 elton john 's boycott of dolce & gabbana spreads <sec> elton john vows to # boycottdolcegabbana over in-vitro fertilization comments .  stefano gabbana defends his `` freedom to speak .
 n.y. man who shot dead 2 firefighters killed grandmother in 1980 <sec> william spengler killed his grandmother with a hammer in 1980 .  he spent about 18 years in prison and eight more on supervised parole .  law enforcement authorities do n't know of any problems since his release .  on monday , spengler , 62 , set a fire then ambushed and killed two firefighter .
