 cnn student news transcript - january 20 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 palin 's hometown legacy left trail of legal bills <sec> records indicated palin 's wasilla sport complex left city with legal bills .  palin campaigned for a sales tax increase to finance the $ 14.7 million project .  the complex is getting a lot of use , but it is not breaking eve .
 liverpool fans seek quick sale after ex-owner 's plea <sec> liverpool fans welcome former chairman david moores ' plea for owners to sell .  club 's debts have reached $ 507 million under americans tom hicks and george gillett .  fans fear financial ruin and departure of key players like steven gerrard and fernando torre .
 what you do n't know about thanksgiving ( opinion ) <sec> val lauder : many people do n't know roots of thanksgiving , story of pilgrims in 1620 .  she says 102 people sailed from england to new world seeking religious freedom .  they landed , drew up mayflower compact , built colony at barren , wintry plymouth harbor .  lauder : to celebrate harvest next fall , they had thanksgiving meal with native american .
 netanyahu : more iran options than 'this bad deal or war ' <sec> netanyahu says third option is `` standing firm '' to get a better deal .  political sparring continues in u.s. over the deal with ira .
 'barefoot ' grandmothers electrify rural communities <sec> barefoot college in india trains women to be solar engineers .  women from across the globe train for six months to then educate their home villages .  women chosen to be trained as men seen to be `` restless '' , says college founde .
 american kenneth bae now in north korea labor camp <sec> pro-north korean publication : bae expects a visit from u.s. diplomat soon .  american says he 's been in labor camp for 3 weeks , reports choson sinbo .  a state department official says u.s. is `` deeply concerned '' by bae 's move from a hospital .  arrested in 2012 , bae is accused of plotting to topple north korea governmen .
 philippine president declares national calamity after storm <sec> new : the death toll from tropical storm washi rises to 957 , government says .  new : president aquino visits the stricken area and declares a national calamity .  new : survivor try to piece lives back together after neighborhoods swept away .  new : storm has affected more than 338,415 people , government say .
 willie mitchell , al green producer , dies <sec> willie mitchell , helmed key early '70s r & b hits , dies at 81 .  mitchell 's tight drum sound was heard on songs by al green , ann peebles .  mitchell worked right up to his death , his grandson sai .
 florida a & m ; band suspended after suspected hazing death <sec> new : the band took part in president obama 's inauguration parade .  investigation finds `` hazing was involved , '' sheriff says .  a 26-year-old drum major became ill and died after a game .  at least 30 band members were let go this semester because of hazing , he sai .
 family before work : pga golfer gives up lead for daughter 's birth <sec> pro golfer hunter mahan and his wife , kandi , have their first child .  mahan withdraws from rbc canadian open tournament in which he was leading .  he walks away from a potential $ 1 million payday .  he thanks sponsors `` who appreciate what 's important in life '' and `` awesome '' fan .
 sony goes hunting for big game <sec> sony releases playstation 3 game afrika , simulating a photographer on safari .  contemplative nature games are nothing new to successful competitor nintendo .  sony lags behind nintendo in console sales , hopes game will revive playstation .
 black crowes frontman will be a dad again <sec> black crowes frontman chris robinson having baby with girlfriend .  robinson and girlfriend allison bridges have been dating for two years .  he and ex kate hudson have a 5-1/2-year-old son , ryder russell , togethe .
 gloria allred sued over travolta accusers <sec> lawyer okorie okorocha claims client text messages support his case against gloria allred .  the sex battery suit was dismissed as the plaintiffs left okorocha and hired allred .  allred insists john doe plaintiffs called her .  allred says she 's considering refiling the suit against travolta in another cour .
 greece to cut 15,000 jobs for bailout <sec> new : `` this is going to be a success story , '' prime minister says .  the vote clears the way for another $ 11.5 billion in loans .  the greek unemployment rate is already over 27 % .  eu and imf officials say greece is meeting its bailout target .
 courts to open in libya , council promises <sec> new : `` the country 's system has been destroyed , '' says the head of tripoli operations .  new : the announcement comes the same day amnesty international issues damning report .  suspected moammar gadhafi loyalists were beaten and abused , the group says .  human rights activists say rule of law , absent in libya under gadhafi , must be ensure .
 save the whales ? there 's an app for that <sec> a new iphone app aims to reduce collisions between endangered whales and ships .  the right whale is one of the most endangered large animals anywhere in the world .  the project is the result of a collaboration between 13 different organization .
 ashya king , whose parents were arrested , seems free of cancer <sec> ashya king , 5 , had proton beam therapy , jonathan hartley says .  the british boy appears to have had no cancer for months , he says .  the parents were arrested in spain while authorities decided whether to charge them and extradite them to britai .
 london bomb survivor 's message to boston : humanity can beat despair <sec> gill hicks says euphoria of survival saved her from feeling hatred for her loss .  images of those injured in boston bombings resonated with her , she says .  hicks asks if we must forgive our hurt in order to heal .  after years of thought , she says she realizes all we can really change is ourselve .
 michel platini breaks silence over garcia investigation <sec> michel platini wants garcia report made public .  uefa chief says report should be published as long as privacy laws not contravened .  report currently with judge hans-joachim eckert .  fifa says full report unlikely to be publishe .
 diet pill study promoted by dr. oz retracted <sec> small study says green coffee bean extract aids weight loss .  the ftc says lead researcher altered the results .  study authors retract the diet pill study , saying sponsors ca n't assure validity of data .  dr. oz has promoted diet pills with green coffee bean extract on his sho .
 kagan 's supreme court investiture ceremony to be held friday <sec> elena kagan was sworn in as the 112th justice of the court in august .  she is not expected to change court 's ideological balance .  she is confirmed on a mostly party-line vot .
 campaign targets teen prescription drug abuse <sec> one in five teens has admitted to abusing a prescription medication .  anti-drug campaign aims to educate teens and their parents of danger .  `` not in my house '' recommends parents take an inventory of med .
 5 things we 'd like to see from the apple smartwatch <sec> two reports say apple smartwatch may be unveiled in october .  reports say multiple models will be available .  it reportedly will have a 2.5-inch screen and fitness tracking .  we look at five other features we 'd like to se .
 prosecutor : suspect in custody in mlk backpack bomb attempt <sec> new : kevin harpham , 36 , who lived alone in a rural mobile home , is ordered held without bail .  he faces two charges , including trying to use a weapon of mass destruction .  a backpack bomb was found along a martin luther king jr. parade route in spokan .
 solar sunflower could bring clean energy anywhere <sec> a water-cooled transportable solar power station tracks the sun like a sunflower to produce off-grid energy .  the unit can provide 12kw of power and 20kw of thermal power from just 10 hours of sunlight .  the manufacturer says the integrated technology could have great potential in remote communities .  japan , where fossil fuel prices are high , has expressed an interest in deploying the solar harveste .
 problems with congress override of farm bill <sec> new : congress enacts most of farm bill over bush 's objections .  new : portions of bill sent to the president are now law , pelosi says .  section of farm bill left out in version sent to president bush .  bush vetoed bill because he says it 's too generous to wealthy farmer .
 college faculty member , suspect among three killed in wyoming <sec> 3 are dead at two separate , but related crime scenes , according to police .  they were killed by `` a sharp-edged weapon , '' though authorities did not elaborate .  the suspect `` appeared to be completely alone , '' casper 's police chief says .  `` this is the worst day of my career , '' the casper college president say .
 relations sour between taiwan and philippines over fisherman 's death <sec> a taiwanese fisherman was killed by gunfire from a philippine coast guard vessel last week .  taiwan 's president describes it as a `` cold-blooded murder '' .  the philippines says the fisherman 's death was `` unintended '' .  taiwan has imposed a series of punitive measures to show its displeasur .
 saudi : why we punished rape victim <sec> new : `` justice will prevail '' at end of legal process , says saudi ambassador to u.s . .  justice ministry acknowledges woman 's lawyer is no longer on the case .  court more than doubled woman 's original sentence of 90 lashes to 200 .  u.s. state department spokesman : u.s. officials `` expressed our astonishment .
 liberal coalition rallies in washington for jobs , education <sec> `` one nation working together '' activists rally at the lincoln memorial .  naacp president says rally is an `` antidote to the tea party '' .  liberal coalition wants more economic opportunities and better educatio .
 newcastle win opens up champions league chase as london rivals falter <sec> newcastle win sixth successive game to close gap on third-placed arsenal .  arsenal held to a 0-0 draw by chelsea , whose top-four hopes are fading .  tottenham 's european bid also falters with 1-0 defeat at 10-man qpr .  qpr move three points clear of the relegation zone with three games to pla .
 deadly june opens season of lightning strikes <sec> eleven people have been killed already this month by lightning strikes in the u.s . .  all the u.s. 's 15 lightning deaths this year occurred in the south , midwest and west .  summer is the deadliest season for lightning because of the frequency of storms .  this week , the first official one of summer , is lightning safety awareness wee .
 gay marriage support : obama 's most courageous move <sec> charles kaiser : obama 's stance on gay rights has effect similar to civil rights act .  his statement instantly obliterated doubts of millions of his gay supporters , he writes .  gallup poll : 65 % of democrats , 57 % of independents support same-sex marriage .  gay supporters , he says , now feel they helped elect a transformational presiden .
 fbi taking over case of family 's mysterious 2010 disappearance <sec> joseph and summer mcstay and their two children have n't been seen since 2010 .  the fbi is taking over the investigation from san diego county authorities .  the family 's abandoned suv was found near the mexican border .  a surveillance video shows what appears to be them crossing the borde .
 autistic teen avonte oquendo sought in train yard , source says <sec> avonte oquendo , 14 , has been missing since october 4 .  source says bloodhounds initially traced his scent to a marshy area .  a previous notion that avonte did not like water may not be correct , source say .
 in a hurry ? let a robot valet park your car <sec> germany 's dusseldorf airport has installed a robotic parking system called ray .  it can be controlled via an app and retrieves cars based on flight arrivals data .  it can park 60 % more cars than a human operator and costs $ 5.50 an hou .
 how will feds deal with legal pot in d.c. ? <sec> washington , d.c. voters approved a measure to legalize small amounts of marijuana for recreational use .  marijuana is still a restricted substance , according to the federal government , which is based in washington , d.c .
 death by stoning imminent for iranian woman , attorney says <sec> new : state department has `` grave concerns '' .  sakineh ashtiani was sentenced to death on adultery charges .  mother of two will be killed using a `` barbaric '' method , says her tehran lawyer .  he says she was forced to confess under dures .
 new year , same old rivalry for williams and sharapova <sec> serena williams and maria sharapova set to clash in brisbane international semis .  williams holds 14-2 head-to-head advantage over the russian .  world no . .  1 recalls moment in 2005 when 13-match unbroken winning sequence began .  sharapova and williams traded verbal blows off court in 201 .
 we can put an end to slavery <sec> for the first time in history , it 's possible to end slavery , says kevin bales .  economic trends have reduced the value of slaves and limited their usefulness , he says .  bales : education and skills training for freed slaves is crucia .
 israeli cabinet approves loyalty oath for new citizens <sec> israeli cabinet approves changes to citizenship law .  changes approved by cabinet face passage in knesset .  the coalition government appears divided over the proposal .  an arab party member criticizes the proposal as undemocrati .
 top new york prosecutor investigates utilities ' handling of sandy <sec> long island power authority and consolidated edison being investigated .  new york attorney general eric schneiderman 's office subpoenaed lipa and coned .  source : office wants to know what they did to prepare and handle aftermath .  lipa and coned have indicated they will cooperate with the investigatio .
 pentagon finalizes plans for implementing repeal of 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' <sec> defense department preparing to implement repeal of `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' .  training will be done on three levels , or tiers .  tiers one and two are for experts and senior leaders ; tier three is for rank-and-file troop .
 facebook and the fight against spammers <sec> facebook porn spam casts light on site as a target for hackers .  security analyst says the site could do more to prevent attacks .  facebook calls security a top concern , has rolled out multiple prevention initiatives .  the site also has sued spammers , leading to millions in court penaltie .
 senate approves replacement for judge slain at giffords shooting <sec> judge jennifer guerin zipps , nominated in june , wins approval .  she replaces judge john roll , who died in the tucson shooting in january .  her approval was expedited ; democrats and gop take jabs at each othe .
 opinion : israel , abbas face 5 realities on peace <sec> aaron miller : abbas to meet with obama , but he wo n't be able to deliver his side of peace deal .  he says abbas backs off palestinian negotiating points at his peril ; netanyahu wo n't yield .  he says fractious palestinians impede any deal , plus obama taken up by ukraine , midterms .  miller : parties do n't want to subvert kerry process , but abbas visit wo n't move needl .
 more troops needed quickly in afghanistan , general says <sec> more foreign fighters entering afghanistan from pakistan , general says .  `` we 're facing a tougher threat , '' so more troops needed `` as quickly as possible '' .  u.s. gen. david mckiernan commands nato forces in afghanistan .  mckiernan has sought three more brigades of u.s. troops than one promise .
 meta glasses present 'augmented reality ' <sec> a startup is creating glasses that let you interact with virtual objects in the real world .  glasses let you place 3-d holograms in real world , then reach out and touch them .  ceo of startup meta : the potential applications are endless .  `` we 're looking to change the way people interact with computers , '' he say .
 rescuers search for survivors after haitian migrant boat sinks in bahamas <sec> new : the search for survivors continues after a boat carrying 28 haitian migrants sinks .  the boat , bound for the united states , ran aground off hawksbill cay , the u.s. coast guard says .  eleven bodies have been found and 13 people remain missing ; four made it to shore .  about 587,000 haitian-born people live in the united states , 2010 census figures sho .
 strange times : republicans block tax credits -- as a protest <sec> republicans were protesting how democrats run the senate .  pushing tax credits is usually a republican staple .  the senate is struggling to find a way to operate as traditional process has broken down .  democrats are frustrated with republicans over nominations ; the gop says dems block their idea .
 'joe millionaire ' winner gives her take on 'i wan na marry 'harry ' <sec> zora sabrina says the show ideas was due .  she had `` feelings of uncertainty and insecurity '' watching the show .  sabrina says she was n't bothered by her show 's premis .
 why we 're getting fatter -- and what to do about it <sec> david frum says americans eat more , exercise less than in earlier generations .  he says obesity is no . .  1 health problem , extremely difficult to reverse .  michelle obama is to be commended for taking on the issue , he says .  frum : to solve it will take major changes in the american way of lif .
 mixed fortunes for g20 leaders in brisbane <sec> russian president vladimir putin endures ukraine criticism at global meeting in australia .  host prime minister tony abbott misreads mood on climate change .  u.s. and chinese presidents enjoy comparatively successful trip .
 fresh violence in myanmar leaves mosque , monastery burned <sec> the unrest has tested the president 's efforts to seek ethnic reconciliation .  authorities have instructed that security teams accompany medical personnel .  rakhine has seen attacks and counterattacks between muslims and buddhist .
 george clooney joins 'downton ' charity film <sec> george clooney will appear in a `` downton abbey '' -related film .  the project is being created for charity program `` text santa '' .  clooney wo n't appear in any episodes of `` downton abbey .
 senate democrats block boehner debt ceiling plan after house approval <sec> new : sen. reid revises his plan to bring $ 2.4 trillion in savings .  new : defense secretary panetta asks for patience from the military .  the senate blocks house speaker boehner 's debt ceiling plan .  congress must raise the $ 14.3 trillion debt ceiling by august 2 or risk defaul .
 france 's roma expulsions face international probe <sec> the european commission is investigating france 's action , its head says .  barroso : there is no room for discrimination in europe .  france says it is trying to crack down on crime .  roma , or gypsies , have faced prejudice for generation .
 selfie of homicide victim leads police to suspect <sec> ryan mangan was found dead in his home last wednesday .  police say a homicide suspect snapped a selfie with mangan and posted it to snapchat .  a 16-year-old will be charged with homicide and illegal possession of a firear .
 sony hack renews cybersecurity push for 'zombie bill ' <sec> the white house hopes to build support for cybersecurity legislation in the wake of the sony hack .  lawmakers will revisit the measure when they reconvene in january .  privacy advocates are concerned the legislation would give broad power to the governmen .
 deadly superbug-related scopes sold without fda 's ok <sec> fda official says olympus never got permission to sell its endoscope .  medical device is connected to cre outbreak in california that 's left two people dea .
 investigators search for woman in connection with 1987 abduction <sec> new : north carolina authorities have issued a warrant to arrest ann pettway .  pettway is serving a two-year probation on attempted embezzlement charges .  if arrested , pettway would be prosecuted at the federal leve .
 do n't date like 'satc ' carrie bradshaw <sec> columnist says women should not emulate carrie bradshaw 's dating styles .  do n't equate drama with passion -- roller coaster emotions are destructive .  give up over-analyzing every aspect of your relationships .  ladies , if you 're not yourself around him , he 's not right for yo .
 senate republicans block disclose act for second straight day <sec> gop filibuster blocks disclose act again .  the democratic bill would require certain groups to disclose names of high-paying donors .  republicans argue it favors labor unions over other types of donors .  the legislation failed in a monday vote , 51-4 .
