 police : gang member arrested in bus stop shooting <sec> billy ray hines is believed to have fired into a crowd , police say .  eight people , including five children , were shot , authorities say .  shooting happened wednesday near a middle school , but not on school grounds .  hines will face 10 counts of attempted murder , police sa .
 opinion : christians face abuse around the globe <sec> robert george : sudanese mother 's ordeal shows christians still persecuted .  george : it 's wrong to think discrimation against christians just happens in the mideast .  george : assaults against christians transcend regional , ideological , or religious bent .  he says a third of 2 billion christians live in nations that allow abuse of religious freedo .
 clinton tested in texas , where it all began in '72 <sec> longtime clinton pal recalls boozy post-election party in '72 .  newly dating clinton and rodham display early political intensity .  will texas rev up clinton 's white house bid -- or end it all ? .  ex-clinton official dee dee myers calls texas `` do-or- die test .
 michael eavis : glastonbury god <sec> eavis , who abhors drink and drugs , has hosted the festival since 1970 .  charities such as oxfam and greenpeace have had glastonbury donations .  since 2002 the festival was ringed by a metal fence .  a record-breaking 180,000 people attended the 2007 even .
 apple and samsung make final cases to jury in patent trial <sec> the apple versus samsung patent trial had its closing arguments tuesday .  jurors will now decide if any samsung products copied the ipad and iphone .  a finding for apple could have far-reaching implications for android device maker .
 how will leaked photos impact u.s. mission in afghanistan ? <sec> experts give opinions about photos allegedly showing soldiers with afghan corpses .  ex-cia agent robert baer : this incident further divides u.s. and afghans .  retired u.s. general says photos are `` very damaging '' to u.s. effort in afghanistan .  former nato allied commander says photos do n't represent values of u.s. armed force .
 bagged salads recalled over salmonella fears <sec> more than 3,200 cases of salads are being recalled .  there are no reports of illnesses related to the salads .  the products were distributed in 14 states and puerto ric .
 sources : u.s. to slap new sanctions on iran , but not on central bank <sec> new : iran will be named a `` primary money laundering concern , '' official says .  u.s. sanctions already prohibit companies from doing business with iran .  the sanctions will come on the heels of a new u.n. report .  iran insists its nuclear program is peacefu .
 how to succeed in comics : why stan is 'the man ' <sec> stan lee 's comic book and entertainment career has so far spanned 71 years .  lee created many of the world 's favorite superheroes , including spider-man , the x-men .  lee thoroughly enjoys playing cameo parts in all movies based on his comic book characters .  lee pronounces his catchphrase , `` excelsior ! '' .  egg-cel-see-o .
 mexico deports hundreds of immigrants found in 2 semi-trucks <sec> after x-rays detect them , the immigrants are sent to a detention facility .  the case , a reminder of dangers immigrants face , draws national attention in mexico .  the country 's interior minister tours the `` migrant 's route '' wednesday .  expert : mexican authorities beef up enforcement along the guatemala borde .
 italy truck strike ends -- for now <sec> government says italian truckers ' strike is over .  unions say strike suspended while an offer is considered .  truckers want more money to compensate for rising gas prices .  strike closed some gas stations ; some supermarkets running short of supplie .
 suicide bombing kills 3 near u.s. embassy in afghan capital <sec> the explosion happens in a district housing international organizations .  one security guard and one civilian are killed by the suicide bomber , who also died .  violent attacks are frequent across afghanistan , including kabu .
 possible misconduct in ferguson grand jury ? <sec> new : missouri woman says she did not send tweet about grand jury proceedings .  investigation into police shooting of unarmed teen michael brown is complete , official says .  ferguson police officer darren wilson shot and killed the 18-year-old on august 9 .  a grand jury is expected to decide by next month whether wilson will be charge .
 splc draws conservative ire <sec> the splc founded on heels of civil rights movement .  family research council president is listed as a `` hate group '' on the map .  frc president says gunman was `` given license '' by organizations like the splc .  the splc calls the accusation `` outrageous .
 australian open : serena williams clicks into gear <sec> serena williams rallies to beat vera zvonareva at the australian open .  williams faced three set points in the first set against the russian .  novak djokovic makes quick work of russia 's andrey kuznetsov .  victoria azarenka , stan wawrinka , kei nishikori also advanc .
 opinion : how grading software fails students <sec> jay parini : professors are not crazy about grading papers , but new software can do it for them .  parini says teachers learn a lot about students from grading papers .  he says computers ca n't work with students one-on-one to correct writing habits , errors .  parini : computers vs. teachers is , as twain said , difference between lightning bugs , lightnin .
 federal grants to fund police positions announced <sec> the cops ( community oriented policing services ) program is allocating $ 298 million .  the federal program provides grants to fund police positions .  more than 4,000 police agencies had requested funds .  recipients were announced thursda .
 bangkok mall crowded with ... fish ? <sec> an abandoned mall in bangkok is clogged with fish .  facebook brought the situation into the public eye .  authorities fear health and safety hazard .
 examiner : georgia woman likely died of hypothermia <sec> police conclude investigation .  stacey nicole english was reported missing after christmas .  medical examiner 's office says her death was an accident .  it says she likely died of hypothermi .
 venus williams slips to defeat in montreal final <sec> agnieszka radwanska wins rogers cup in montreal .  beats venus williams 6-4 6-2 in final .  jo-wilfried tsonga stuns roger federer in toronto final .  tsonga beat novak djokovic on the way to title matc .
 nigeria market attack : 45 killed ; police blame boko haram <sec> police : gunmen shot at people as traders were closing market in kawuri village sunday .  witness : attackers first posed as traders .  police say islamist militant group boko haram believed to have launched the attac .
 egypt violence : bomb explodes near military offices in nile delta <sec> sunday 's explosion wounds four people , state-run media says .  on saturday , officials said student protesters set fire to a cafeteria at a university .  those protesters were backers of the muslim brotherhood .  one student protester was killed saturday , according to the muslim brotherhoo .
 henry edges close to arsenal return <sec> thierry henry is on the verge of a return to arsenal in a two-month loan deal .  arsene wenger confirms terms for the temporary switch are nearly complete .  the 34-year-old new york red bulls striker is arsenal 's record all-time score .
 eminem , rihanna bring 'monster ' to mtv movie awards <sec> eminem and rihanna will perform at the 2014 mtv movie awards .  it will be their first live performance of their no . .  1 hit , `` monster '' .  the mtv movie awards will air on sunday , april 13 .  the ceremony 's host is conan o'brie .
 father of friend arrested in boston bombing case defends son <sec> azamat tazhayakov 's father speaks to cnn after meeting with his son .  he says tazhayakov was in the `` wrong place , ( at the ) wrong time , with ( the ) wrong people '' .  tazhayakov and dias kadyrbayev are due back in court on may 14 .  robel phillipos faces a bail hearing monda .
 investigators test dna looking for long island serial killing links <sec> new : the nyc medical examiner is analyzing five possible sets of human remains .  new : an fbi helicopter flies over a long island , ny beach where several were found .  the 4 victims identified thus far all advertised prostitution services on craigslis .
 lance armstrong says his doping still 'polarizing topic ' for many <sec> `` i did n't invent it ; i did n't end it . .  my bad for playing along , '' armstrong says of doping .  iowa appearance is his first public event on a bike since his doping admission in january .  he says his main concern is his children and their reaction to his fall from grac .
 saleh to return following assassination investigation , official says <sec> official : `` i can not give you a specific time of when president saleh will arrive '' .  an official backtracks on claim that investigation into the attack on saleh is complete .  earlier , the government accused two opposition members of planning the attack .  president saleh is said to be in saudi arabia recovering from burn wound .
 sunni leader holds fate of iraq 's newly revised election bill <sec> laws passed by iraqi parliament must be approved by president and two vice presidents .  one vp , sunni tariq al-hashimi , holding off on signing new election law .  al-hashimi vetoed previous version of bill last week , saying it left out iraqi refugees .  iraq 's president and other vp trying to persuade al-hashimi to sign the bil .
 flag tribute to whitney houston : too little , too late ? <sec> flags are flying at half-staff in new jersey to honor whitney houston .  gov . .  chris christie 's decision to honor singer in this way received some criticism .  jason marsh : whitney houston may not have fit definition of those normally honored this way .  he says the honor shows remorse for failing to support her in her trouble .
 blizzard blasts upper midwest <sec> heavy snow and high winds stretch from iowa to wisconsin in the season 's first blizzard .  a 30-car pileup in iowa is blamed on blowing snow ; two people are dead .  tens of thousands are without power in nebraska and iowa .  the storm is forecast to crawl from the midwest to new england by frida .
 flight crew arrested in british drug bust <sec> 10 women and 5 men were detained on arrival from johannesburg .  london customs officials found marijuana and cocaine in baggage .  officials : the drugs are estimated to be worth $ 428,000 .  south african airways said it launched its own investigatio .
 owners drop freedom tower name for new wtc skyscraper <sec> new skyscraper will be known as one world trade center .  port authority : `` it is most practical to market the building '' under address name .  the building was named the freedom tower in the first `` ground zero '' master plan . .  agency says it has signed first commercial lease to chinese compan .
 masato mizuno profile <sec> masato mizuno became president of mizuno in 1989 .  mizuno was founded by his grandfather in 1906 .  awarded olympic order in 2001 for services to the olympic movemen .
 pope frances brings millions hope on wet day in manila <sec> around six million catholics crowd manila streets to glimpse the pope .  spirits were high as followers sheltered from rain in plastic hats , coats .  pope francis ends his five-day trip to the philippines on monda .
 thousands rally for political change in jordan <sec> protesters in amman say they want the king to have less control .  the protest comes after the king dissolved parliament and called for new elections .  the king is in a tough spot , as reforms could erode support from his base , an analyst say .
 gop 's ad wizard faces 'demons , ' supports 'nerds ' <sec> fred davis has produced some of republicans ' most memorable tv spots .  his work includes `` i am not a witch '' and `` demon sheep '' commercials .  he says he tries to share the things about clients that he likes .  `` i get criticized every day of my life for something , '' davis say .
 rough times ahead for grassroots golf ? <sec> golf suffering a decline in popularity in its traditional heartlands of the u.s. and uk .  400,000 left the sport over past year in u.s. , according to the ngf .  new ideas and initiatives introduced to change its fortunes .  `` we have to evolve and continually modernize , '' taylormade ceo say .
 mexican drug lord : inside his abandoned mansion <sec> the eight-year drugs war has claimed around 100,000 lives in mexico .  now federal government policy towards vigilantes appears to be changing .  in antunez , vigilantes show cnn a home that they recently confiscated .  in some parts of mexico , vigilantes are returning property to victims of drugs cartel .
 bend it like bajramaj : shooting star of women 's soccer <sec> fatmire `` lira '' bajramaj is hoping to shine when germany hosts the fifa women 's world cup .  bajramaj is an olympic bronze medal winner and a world cup champion .  born in kosovo , her parents fled to germany when she was .
 saving trees with smartphones : a high-tech solution to disease <sec> ash dieback , an incurable tree disease , has been detected in the uk .  it threatens britain 's 80 million ash trees , the fourth most abundant tree in the country .  a smartphone app called ashtag is providing a way for the public to report diseased trees .  more than 100,000 trees have been destroyed in efforts to contain its sprea .
 malaysia airlines flight 370 : co-pilot 's cell phone was on , u.s. official says <sec> cnn aviation analyst says surface slick could be fluid leaking from underwater plane .  cell phone tower detected co-pilot 's phone around time of disappearance , official says .  an oil slick has been found 5.5 kilometers ( 3.4 miles ) from where pings were detected .  underwater search vehicle comes back to surface early after exceeding depth limi .
 hamas protests against palestinian president in dispute over 'right of return ' <sec> new : a plo official accuses hamas of sabotaging efforts for u.n. status as a non-member state .  hamas protesters say president abbas abandoned a demand for a `` right of return '' .  abbas says he did not , and that he was only speaking for himself .  israeli pm netanyahu says if abbas is serious , peace talks could start toda .
 texas police chief shot and killed in traffic stop <sec> police chief michael pimentel had made a traffic stop .  he was shot multiple times , bexar county officials says .  pimentel dies at hospital .  elmendorf , with 1,500 residents , is just south of san antoni .
 tevez goal gives manchester city hope as villa 's struggles continue <sec> manchester city win 1-0 at aston villa in english premier league .  victory cuts the gap on leaders manchester united to 12 points .  carlos tevez scores only goal of the match in first half .  alvaro negredo scores hat-trick in sevilla 's win in la lig .
 militias clash in tripoli after commander 's death <sec> new : at least two people killed , security officials say .  nuri fairwan , a commander of a misrata militia , died of injuries he suffered tuesday .  fairwan was hurt when a checkpoint dispute escalated to violence .  the fighting is some of the most intense in tripoli since the fall of gadhafi in 201 .
 chelsea sweating on terry fitness <sec> chelsea are still waiting on the fitness of england captain john terry .  terry trained in a face mask ahead of the champions league tie in valencia .  the central defender underwent surgery on a broken cheekbone on sunda .
 cnn student news transcript - april 12 , 2013 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 world cup : do latin americans care more ? <sec> south american teams brazil , chile , colombia , uruguay and argentina qualify for last 16 .  so too does costa rica and mexico from central america .  team usa praised for reaching knockout stages from tough group .  tradtional european `` heavyweights '' england , italy and spain go home earl .
 teacher : 'i wanted to be the last thing they heard , not the gunfire ' <sec> teacher janet vollmer read out loud to students to calm them during the shooting .  `` you could hear what sounded like pops , gunshots , '' she told cnn .  twenty children and six educators were killed in the shooting , authorities say .  the gunman appears to have committed suicide , police sa .
 opinion : justin bieber , you had the right to remain silent <sec> teen star justin bieber was arrested early thursday morning .  defense attorney eboni k. williams says he made a mistake when he talked to the police .  she argues in doing so , he helped the state 's case against him .  williams : justin bieber should have just shut u .
 jawbone does n't close holloway disappearance , aruba says <sec> new : an attorney for holloway 's mother says she is emotionally exhausted .  the results are `` another tragedy '' for the holloways , prosecutor says .  the presence of a wisdom tooth ruled out holloway .  investigators are checking the bone against other missing-person case .
 iranian election could be test for women 's rights <sec> candidate 's wife has broken barriers by appearing on campaign trail .  she vows that women 's vote will count if her husband wins .  most iranian university students are women , but they are second-class citizens .  cleric running for president has also promised to boost women 's right .
 mediterranean migrants : why and how they head to europe <sec> would-be immigrants come from more than 20 countries to north africa to cross mediterranean to europe .  they risk their lives crossing deserts and mountains ; many are robbed or cheated as they try to reach the libyan coas .
 'munsters ' remake pilot ordered by nbc <sec> nbc has ordered a pilot of bryan fuller 's remake of the classic tv show `` the munsters '' .  the new version of the sitcom is bring re-imagined by the `` pushing daises '' creator .  the new show will have a darker and less campy feel than the black-and-white origina .
 a lifeline for kids growing up behind bars <sec> pushpa basnet was named one of the top 10 cnn heroes of 2012 .  basnet 's group helps children in nepal who have to live with their parents in prison .  she runs a home where dozens of kids can live outside the prison walls .  who should be the cnn hero of the year ? .  cast your vote now .
 prime-time television tackles autism <sec> nbc 's `` parenthood '' portrays a family in which the son has asperger 's syndrome .  autism in its various types is n't often depicted in prime-time television .  producers use consultants to keep the storyline as accurate as possible .  the show has faced some criticism over lack of realis .
 michelle obama : questions about husband being 'black enough ' silly <sec> barack obama is biracial ; father from kenya , mother from kansas .  michelle obama says questions have `` nothing to do with me or barack '' .  obama says she is not fearful for her husband 's safety while campaignin .
 foreign policy gaffes plague huckabee <sec> new : aide admits that huckabee has `` no foreign policy credentials '' .  new : campaign official suggested tying pakistan crisis to immigration issue .  huckabee appeared not to know that martial law had been lifted in pakistan .  gaffes will have little effect on support for populist candidate , analyst say .
 'we are the world ' at 30 : where are they now ? <sec> three dozen stars recorded `` we are the world '' 30 years ago on january 28 , 1985 .  `` we are the world '' was meant to raise money to fight a famine in afric .
 what 's behind the turmoil in the central african republic <sec> new : bozize is now in cameroon , that government confirms .  rebel leader michel djotodia declares himself new president .  one rebel says democratic elections are on the horizon .  rebels tell civilians to remain calm and prepare to welcome rebel force .
 'i have 29 children ' : the 'mothers ' to ethiopia 's most vulnerable kids <sec> ethiopian group is helping highly vulnerable children .  volunteers care for 25 disadvantaged children , many of whom are hiv positive .  they give their homes , incomes , time , to help the kid .
 6 killed in attack on guinea-bissau military barracks <sec> two attackers are captured and others remain at large , authorities say .  the transitional government blames forces loyal to the former prime minister .  military commanders ousted the previous government in april .  coup and coup attempts have taken place repeatedly in guinea-bissa .
 'suck for luck ' could be best hope for nfl 's worst <sec> stanford senior and football quarterback andrew luck called no . .  1 pick in the next nfl draft .  `` suck for luck '' fan movement encourages poorly performing nfl teams to keep losing .  so far the miami dolphins , indianapolis colts , and st. louis rams have the worst records .  luck is reportedly too busy enjoying college life to pay attention , calls campaign `` stupid .
