 israeli defense minister barak says he 's quitting politics <sec> new : plo official : `` i hope this signals recognition of the futility of the military approach in ... dealing with the palestinians '' .  ehud barak says he wants to spend more time with his family .  despite speculation of a new party , he says he wo n't contest the elections due in january .  his resignation comes after a lethal conflict with hamas in gaz .
 how guus hiddink works his football magic <sec> born in 1946 , hiddink has become one of the best managers in the world .  dutchman has enjoyed huge success at club and international level .  he 's currently coach of russia and is in charge of chelsea until end of ma .
 is obama 's re-election delaying action on syria ? <sec> frida ghitis : obama tries to keep the crisis in syria from interfering with reelection .  ghitis : carnage in syria could go on longer than in a nonelection year .  she says electoral considerations are often a major factor in u.s. foreign policy .  ghitis : tragedy in syria is n't waiting till november ; obama should take action no .
 stan wawrinka completes full set of titles with rotterdam triumph <sec> stanislas wawrinka wins atp 500 event in rotterdam .  beats holder tomas berdych in three-set final .  completes full set of tennis honors and tour-level titles .  andrea petkovic wins the wta diamond games tournamen .
 london hosts first regular-season nba game played in europe <sec> new jersey nets and toronto raptors played at london 's o2 arena .  it was the first regular-season nba game to be held in europe and more could follow .  the nets beat the raptors in two close games played on friday and saturday .  the o2 arena venue will host the basketball competition at the london 2012 olympic .
 greed , negligence behind bp oil spill <sec> donna brazile : oil spill comes as her hometown of new orleans is on the mend .  brazile : greed , negligence caused bp oil spill , death toll ; suffering to be long-term .  50 percent of `` last resort devices '' that did n't work this time failed in 2002 tests .  besides bp , she writes , companies behind failed device must come under scrutin .
 soldiers pulled from iraq duty , sent straight to afghanistan <sec> troops had n't even finished painting their emblem when they got orders to move .  redeployment put strain on battalion , trained to clear mines and bombs from roads .  cnn traveled with troops as they flew from one war zone to the next .  soldiers say they are ready for the new mission in the new battlefiel .
 ag : do n't deport genital mutilation victim <sec> court ruled that because woman already had surgery , she should not get asylum .  in rare move , attorney general said court 's ruling was `` flawed '' .  michael mukasey ordered court to reconsider its ruling .  mali woman said she fears any daughter she had would be subject to mutilatio .
 'cougar town ' returns to all-time ratings low <sec> `` cougar town '' delivered 4.8 million viewers on tuesday night .  the show debuted in the fall on wednesdays with a lead-in from `` modern family '' .  overall tv usage was down 7.3 percent on valentine 's day , according to nielse .
 why the war in iraq was fought for big oil <sec> juhasz : opening up iraq to foreign oil companies was main goal of iraq war .  plans for western oil exploration in iraq were drawn up years before 2003 invasion .  bush administration pressured iraqi government to pass law allowing foreign firms in .  chuck hagel in 2007 : `` people say we 're not fighting for oil . .  of course we are . .
 fifa : u.s. world cup fans most active online <sec> fifa says u.s. world cup fans have been more active than those in any other country .  it says 36.7 million u.s. fans have accessed world cup sites , apps within past 28 days .  california , new york and texas are busiest states in visits to world cup website .  u.s. team plays belgium in world cup 's second round tuesda .
 cnn web site targeted <sec> cnn was targeted thursday by attempts to interrupt its news web site .  countermeasures caused slow or unavailable service in limited areas of asia .  web site began to notice problems around midday thursda .
 haas steals $ 10m fedex cup jackpot after 'perfect ' shot <sec> bill haas clinches the tour championship and fedex cup titles after playoff .  american claims $ 11.44 million in prize money at end-of-season event in atlanta .  he defeats u.s. ryder cup star hunter mahan to seal his big-money triumph .  world no . .  1 luke donald ties for third , ending his hopes of historic doubl .
 police : ny man , 86 , shoots grandson , girlfriend before taking own life <sec> heriberto pagan , 86 , shot his grandson and killed his grandson 's girlfriend , police say .  the shooting may have been triggered by housing dispute , a law enforcement source says .  pagan fatally shot himself in the head after the double shootin .
 toddler dies after experimental operation <sec> hannah warren received a new trachea made from her own stem cells in april .  warren died saturday at children 's hospital of illinois .  the new trachea was doing fine , her family says , but her lungs were n't improvin .
 obama 's gifts from world leaders : sword , bamboo bicycle , liquor <sec> the philippines ambassador gives him a bamboo bicycle ; poland gives him liquor .  former french president nicolas sarkozy was among the biggest spenders .  he also lavished former president george w. bush with gifts as wel .
 jordan asked nixon to attack syria , declassified papers show <sec> telegram : king hussein wanted u.s. strike on invading syrian troops in 1970 .  nixon white house urged saudis to distance from plo 's fatah organization .  papers also discuss israeli acquisition of nuclear weapon .  documents among 10,000 papers released wednesday by nixon librar .
 fatal shooting of boy carrying fake rifle ruled legal <sec> deputy gelhaus `` honestly and reasonably believed '' his life was in danger , prosecutor says .  the shooting of andy lopez was `` lawful self-defense , '' district attorney jill ravitch says .  `` these cops can get away with murder , '' protester says .  lopez carried a replica ak-47 when he was shot to death last octobe .
 want to go fast ? these cars are for you <sec> making a 600+ horsepower engine can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars .  safety at high speeds requires nasa-quality aerodynamics .  the german-built bugatti veyron 16.4 goes 250 mph and costs $ 1.5 millio .
 wintry storm causing havoc , churning toward northeast <sec> new : wspa : accident closes i-26 in n.c. ; some motorists stuck so long they 've run out of fuel .  washington mayor : `` we think this will be the biggest snowfall since 2003 '' .  virginia governor declares state of emergency .  washington may get 2 feet of snow ; blizzard conditions possible for long islan .
 obama 's iran problem and the bush doctrine <sec> michael hayden : u.s. policy on iran implies pre-emption idea from bush administration .  he says israelis want to know if u.s. would act on iran nuclear sites in time .  hayden says a decision to stop iran 's nuclear program requires strong intelligence .  he says it 's a high bar to prove that iran decided on developing nuclear progra .
 'battlestar galactica ' returns online <sec> `` battlestar galactica : blood and chrome '' is second spinoff of syfy series , now on youtube .  executive producer david eick explains that 10-part pilot was always meant to run online .  series centers around the early years of cmdr . .  william adama .  actor luke pasqualino would be `` 100 % '' on board to continue the serie .
 from military device to life-saving surgery tool <sec> perfect mirror is used to simplify and expand use of minimally invasive laser surgery .  some surgeons say new tool is easier to use than a scalpel and safer for patients .  senior neurosurgeon saw patient with brain tumor recover in three days .  company plans to market fiber optic tool beyond the u.s. to europe and asi .
 in-flight food : heaven or hell on a tray ? <sec> in-flight food has been the butt of much criticism for the airline industry .  industry experts say quality is improving despite some budget cutbacks .  airline food is back in focus after a six-page rant from a virgin passenger .  the complaint letter referred to the passenger 's `` culinary journey of hell .
 disney world splurges that are worth it <sec> the four seasons orlando offers a new level of luxury .  it may be difficult to lure kids away from the expansive pool complex .  a vip park tour means breezing through lines for as many rides as you can fit i .
 norway survivor played dead to stay alive <sec> adrian pracon survived to tell a grim tale .  he was shot in the shoulder but stayed still so the gunman would think him dead .  many others on utoya island were not so lucky .  a member of parliament recalls how victims were fooled by the shooter 's police unifor .
 your smartphone could replace hotel keys <sec> a hotel chain is testing an app that sends virtual room keys to your phone .  starwood hotels & resorts has more than 1,150 hotels .  two hotels will get the technology in the next three months .  system would allow guests to bypass front desk and go straight to their room .
 bjorn and lowry lead way at wentworth <sec> thomas bjorn and shane lowry tied for lead at pga championship .  dane made level-par round after course record on thursday .  adam scott makes cut at crown plaza invitationa .
 gop picks up 10 governorships from democrats , cnn projects <sec> new : republicans have knocked democrats out of 10 governorships so far .  new : democrats score two takeaways from republicans in california and hawaii .  tea party favorite nikki haley wins in south carolina , cnn projects .  susana martinez wins in new mexic .
 wi-fi fees drag hotel satisfaction down <sec> study suggests luxury hotel guests angry about paying for wi-fi .  hotel industry : it 's expensive and somebody has to pay for it .  satisfaction survey : hotels playing `` catch-up '' after economic slump .  check-in/check-out , food/beverage , services/facilities at 6-year lo .
 lebanese mayor accused of attempted organ trafficking in spain <sec> he offered $ 55,000 to poor people for liver tissue , police and a government official say .  the mayor , 61 , was arrested on january 30 at an airport in valencia , spain .  authorities would not name the mayor because of an ongoing court investigation .  accomplices allegedly recruited nine people to have liver compatibility tests at a clini .
 america 's best small town museums <sec> small towns are the very places that have inspired generations of artists .  enjoy their art in museums located in small towns around the country .  an avant-garde museum calls a gulf coast beach town home .  repurposed 19th-century brick buildings now display art in massachusett .
 missing south carolina girl found ; kidnapping suspect jailed <sec> fbi arrests suspect in kidnapping of 12-year-old .  the girl has been returned to south carolin .
 'cash for clunkers ' buyers agree : credit came at perfect time <sec> n.y. man was n't looking for new vehicle , but credits , circumstances changed plans .  program gives credits of $ 3,500 to $ 4,500 to people who trade in gas guzzlers .  recipients must buy new vehicles that are more fuel efficient .  texas woman glad program helped her buy more fuel-efficient vehicl .
 whitney houston 's daughter hospitalized <sec> whitney houston 's daughter is said to be on a ventilator in intensive care .  she was found in a bathtub full of water .  her mother died after being found in a tub at a california hotel in 201 .
 gun found during probe of hudson killings <sec> new : police : testing needed to see if weapon is linked to slayings .  new : gun found within block of where 7-year-old 's body discovered .  actress jennifer hudson 's nephew , mother , brother killed .  child 's stepfather was detained for questioning in relation to the killing .
 'saving lives ' with solar-powered lights <sec> a 23-year-old kenyan 's solar-powered led lantern helps light rural homes .  with help of nonprofit , he estimates he 's distributed 10,000 lanterns -- for free .  villagers can buy food with money saved on kerosene , firewood , he says .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2010 cnn heroe .
 africa summit : big opportunity for u.s. ( opinion ) <sec> more than 40 heads of state attend first africa summit in the u.s. this week .  sen. chris coons : this is opportunity for u.s. business to create ties to fast-growing africa .  china surpassed the u.s. in trade with africa , but america has distinct advantages , he says .  coons : the u.s. has african diaspora that succeeded here , and it 's well-regarded in afric .
 the new story of the death of osama bin laden <sec> esquire published interview with ex-navy seal who says he shot bin laden .  peter bergen : his account differs from another seal who wrote bestseller `` no easy day '' .  he says `` the shooter '' gave an account that matches physical evidence on the scene .  shooter left military before he became eligible for pensio .
 oregon congressman quitting after sex allegations <sec> new : governor says he will call for special election .  rep. david wu has been accused of making unwanted sexual advances .  `` the well-being of my children must come before anything else , '' he said in resigning .  wu said he sought medical care after erratic behavior during his 2010 campaig .
 does calculator overstate heart attack risk ? <sec> a calculator reportedly overstates heart attack risk .  the tool was released along with new cholesterol treatment guidelines .  american heart association says the tool is only one part of a patient 's risk evaluatio .
 tuberculosis patient flies despite being on banned list <sec> person with active case of tb was on federal `` do not board '' list .  patient was on us airways flight 401 from philadelphia to san francisco .  patient , not publicly identified , was stopped from leaving country in california .  cdc : little to no risk that another passenger would contract the disease on this fligh .
 hope endures , reward rises for missing woman <sec> tracy ocasio last spoke with her mother about 8:30 p.m. on may 26 .  her car was found the next day in ocoee , near orlando , florida .  surveillance video shows her leaving a sports bar with a man now in jail .  know something ? .  call 1-800-423-tips ; a $ 20,000 reward is offere .
 boston marathon bombing survivors testify <sec> `` i remember screaming for someone to help us , '' one survivor recalls .  the first day of the boston marathon bombings trial focuses on the survivors .  several survivors testify about the sights , smells and pain of that da .
 libertarian threatens to spoil gop hopes in virginia <sec> republicans look to retain governorship in battleground state .  race between terry mcauliffe and ken cuccinelli is viewed by some as `` lesser of two evils '' .  enter robert sarvis , a libertarian candidate who has quietly crept up in the polls .  he says `` the system is rotten '' due to republican and democratic `` malfeasance .
 ed mcmahon explains his mortgage mess <sec> ed mcmahon in danger of foreclosure on his multimillion dollar home .  home has been on market for two years with no offers , mcmahon tells larry king .  mcmahon blames bad economy , broken neck for difficulty making payments .  tv legend says he wants to speak for all who are in danger of losing home .
 official : armenian genocide resolution unlikely to get full house vote <sec> measure : u.s. should recognize 1915 killings of armenians in turkey as genocide .  house committee passed the measure by one vote on friday .  move has strained relations with crucial ally , but is hailed by officials in armenia .  `` we believe it will stop where it is , '' senior state dept . .  official says of measur .
 newtown school shooting 911 calls must be released , judge rules <sec> if no higher court grants an appeal , the recordings will be released on december 4 .  the 2012 shooting left 26 people dead , including 20 children .  it 's the second-deadliest shooting in u.s. histor .
 somali pirates release british hostage <sec> judith tebbutt was abducted by somali pirates last september .  her husband was killed in the raid at a kenyan beach resort .  she says she was hugely relieved to be free agai .
 biden assures pakistan of support against terrorism <sec> new : vice president-elect joe biden hopes pakistan , india overcome tensions .  biden and sen. lindsay graham meet in islamabad .  biden assures pakistani president of support against terrorism .  pakistan is one of main focus points in war to defeat the taliba .
 texas firm recalls turkey breast products <sec> the products may be contaminated with listeria monocytogenes .  they are sold by new braunfels smokehouse .  listeriosis is an uncommon but potentially fatal diseas .
 china tightens grip on social media with new rules <sec> users of china 's popular sina weibo service have to abide by new rules aimed at preventing online rumors .  points system introduced to manage user misconduct and punish abusers .  steps come as beijing puts pressure on social networks to police what their users are sayin .
 syria civil war : 5 things to pay attention to today <sec> talks between the united states and russia continue .  russia 's putin new york times op-ed piece gets backlash .  close to 100 die in fighting in syria thursday , opposition say .
 study : away-facing strollers stress babies <sec> university of dundee study says away-facing buggies can add to baby 's stress .  study examined 2,722 parents and children .  findings call into question design of popular child buggie .
 kayakers earn bragging rights in green river narrows <sec> green river narrows kayak racers brave class v whitewater .  the homegrown race has grown from 16 participants in 1996 to about 140 .  in the most dramatic stretch , there 's a drop over an 18-foot waterfal .
 india 's worrying level of youth suicides <sec> report : india has the highest suicide rate worldwide for ages 15 to 29 .  a father recounts finding his son dead before exam results were due .  a suicide prevention worker says he blames a breakdown in family structures .  india this week made it no longer a crime to attempt suicid .
 australian authorities contact missing american teen sailor <sec> new : authorities say 16-year-old has tools to survive at sea .  australian maritime officials say they 've made contact with missing girl .  family spokesman says she 's `` alive and well '' .  fishing boat could reach sunderland 's last position on saturda .
 syria ready to cooperate with u.n. to fight terror <sec> new : obama authorizes reconaissance flights over syria , u.s. official says .  syria 's foreign minister says his country is ready to accept support from the u.s. and others .  but he warns against any unilateral action in syrian territory without permission .  syrian state media reports that regime forces evacuated the base to regrou .
 u.n. security council ends major sanctions on iraq <sec> the sanctions were imposed during the saddam hussein era .  the oil-for-food program ends , as does the iraqi development fund .  joe biden chaired the u.n. security council meetin .
 spain win in paris to leapfrog france <sec> world champions spain beat france 1-0 in paris to regain group i control .  england are held 1-1 in montenegro as the balkan nation maintain grip on group h .  belgium and croatia both win to maintain thrilling group a battl .
 salsa , taekwondo and go-karts : leisure time in lagos <sec> cnn 's vladimir duthiers investigates what to do in your free time in lagos .  the nigerian city offers up almost any leisure activity that you can think of .  duthiers tries out taekwondo , go-kart racing and salsa dancin .
 name , flight , meat or fish : virgin 's got you in its google glasses <sec> virgin atlantic is testing google 's wearable technology at heathrow airport .  glasses identify passengers , provide flight updates and start check-in .  device provides information on weather and events at destinatio .
 marquez knocks out pacquiao in 4th match-up <sec> it is the first time either fighter knocked out the other .  the first three fights resulted in a draw and two close wins for manny pacquiao .  mitt romney wished pacquiao luck before the figh .
 police : abducted philly woman 's atm card used in md . <sec> police : card used in aberdeen , maryland , less than two days after abduction in philadelphia .  bank video shows male who looks `` similar '' to man who abducted woman .  a 22-year-old woman was seen being forced into a car in philadelphia on sunday night .  officials are offering rewards totaling $ 42,00 .
