 nrc releases inside look at u.s. response to japan nuclear disaster <sec> `` the early hours of the first day or two were very hectic , '' nrc chairman says .  the transcripts were released in response to foia requests .  distance from disaster posed a `` significant limitation , '' nrc officials say .  nrc chairman says he believes the transcripts reflect well on the agenc .
 world 's best new year 's eve parties <sec> 80,000 hard partiers jam streets of cape town , south africa on january 2 .  12 icelandic bonfires dot reykjavík and bars open a little after midnight .  rio de janeiro , brazil , offers all-night whirlwind of beach dancing , live concerts .  vegas has tribute-palooza : bands imitate u2 , kiss , elton john and other .
 gavin macleod on 'mtm , ' 'love boat ' and a 'great ride ' <sec> gavin macleod has new memoir , `` this is your captain speaking '' .  macleod spent years as character actor before he found tv stardom .  he was originally supposed to play lou grant on `` the mary tyler moore show '' .  `` love boat 's '' capt . .  stubing was originally tougher ; character later softene .
 3g or 4g , america 's wireless networks still slow <sec> whole country is moving to 4g -- next generation wireless .  u.s. broadband networks , by most standards , stand in the middle of the pack on speed .  4g-branded service available here does not compete with 4g service offered elsewher .
 u.n. security council approves no-fly zone in libya <sec> president obama calls french , british leaders .  u.n. secretary-general will travel to region .  libya says its troops will protect civilians .  the security council approves measures against liby .
 experts : no third intifada yet -- but few signs of hope , either <sec> assailants driving into crowds , stabbings have unnerved some in israel .  yet experts caution the level of violence does n't compare to a decade ago .  israel has taken several measures to bolster its security since then .  some warn that a lack of hope among palestinians could spur unres .
 massive silver haul found on shipwreck <sec> ss gairsoppa was sunk by a german u-boat in february 1941 .  the ship was carrying a cargo of silver bullion , tea and pig iron .  only one of the 85 people on board survived the sinking .  wreck found 300 miles off the coast of ireland , at a depth of 4,700 meter .
 billie jean king to attend sochi olympics closing ceremony <sec> billie jean king is named in the presidential delegation to the closing ceremony .  she withdrew from opening ceremony because of mother 's illness .  king wants russia 's lgbt community `` to know they are not alone '' .  russia has been criticized for its position on gay right .
 5 arrested in spain for male prostitution ring <sec> spanish national police announced the arrests tuesday .  the arrests took place in central madrid .  14 people were arrested as part of the investigation last wee .
 albino model shaun ross challenges beauty ideals at ny fashion week <sec> shaun ross challenges the standards of beauty at new york fashion week .  ross was born with albinism : `` i was always the outcast , but a confident outcast '' .  media outlets say quirky is in when it comes to models .  some argue there 's still not enough diversity on the runwa .
 scientists try to keep centenarians on their toes <sec> $ 80m research project launched aimed at giving people 50 active years after 50 .  half of babies born in western countries today will live until 100 years old .  leeds university projects aims to ensure people remain active into old age .  scientists believe many body parts that flounder with age could be upgrade .
 tiananmen soldiers 'laughed ' during crackdown , u.s. reports claimed <sec> u.s. releases classified documents to mark 25 years since tiananmen crackdown .  25 documents reveal details from june 4 , 1989 , including observations of troops .  on that day , chinese troops fired on pro-democracy protesters in beijing .  some troops were said to be `` laughing '' as they shot randomly at student .
 thai king , world 's longest-reigning monarch , in hospital <sec> thailand 's king bhumibol adulyadej is hospitalized with fever and fatigue .  king bhumibol adulyadej is world 's longest-reigning monarch .  king wields little power but is deeply revered and enjoys immense popularit .
 barbara walters to retire next year <sec> new : she is set to announce her departure from tv journalism .  walters , 83 , had a health scare in january .  she began her career on nbc 's `` today '' in 1961 .  `` there 's only one barbara walters , '' says abc news president ben sherwoo .
 christian taylor : triple-jump champ leaping beyond the limits <sec> triple-jump star christian taylor overcomes career-threatening injury .  knee problems meant he had to reverse his leaping stride , or retire early .  the 24-year-old has won diamond league series title for third year in a row .  american also competes in long jump and hopes for 400m relay place at rio 201 .
 perry 's wrong turn : defending sheriff joe <sec> ruben navarrette jr. : rick perry has hitched his wagon to arizona sheriff joe arpaio .  perry was foolishly looking for quick validation from his party 's nativist fringe , navarrette says .  justice department has accused arpaio of discrimination and racial profiling , he says .  a once-promising candidate has lost his bearings , navarrette says of perr .
 sicilian mafia 'decapitated ' by mass arrests , say police <sec> more than 1,200 italian carabinieri arrest 89 suspects in palermo , italy .  charges include association with the mafia , extortion , arms and drug trafficking .  police : with these arrests we decapitated the top brass of the palermo mafia .  arrest warrants were also issued against several suspects in tuscan .
 south korea beat kuwait to advance with underdogs lebanon <sec> south korea seal place in next round of asia world cup qualifying .  victory over kuwait leaves minnows lebanon in second qualifying spot .  australia end saudi arabia 's hopes as oman qualify behind socceroos .  uzbekistan beat japan to top their qualifying sectio .
 36 killed in stadium stampede in mali <sec> new : the 25,000-seat stadium was packed , ba says .  the crowd had come to hear a prominent imam speak .  64 others are hurt , an official say .
 john edwards , wife separate , source says <sec> ex-sen. john edwards admitted last week to fathering child with videographer .  source close to elizabeth edwards says ex-senator and wife have separated .  sister tells magazine that elizabeth edwards said , `` i 've had it . .  i ca n't do this .
 memphis ymca head 'gut-punched ' by child sex abuse claims against ex-coach <sec> memphis police says no accusers have contacted them , making their probe challenging .  going `` on tv and ( making ) accusations is not notifying '' police , a deputy chief says .  robert `` bobby '' dodd , recently aau 's ceo , is accused of sexually abusing boys in the '80s .  he was a memphis-based ymca coach at the time , a ymca executive say .
 rossi grabs pole for malaysia gp <sec> italy 's valentino rossi qualifies in pole position for the malaysian moto gp .  the 30-year-old 's fastest time smashed the lap record at the sepang circuit .  rossi currently leads the world championship by 38 points with two races left .  the defending champion can clinch his seventh title with a top-four finis .
 bargains galore : spectacular designs shine at asia 's largest gem show <sec> two massive international jewelry shows opened in hong kong this week .  exports of fine jewelry from hong kong totaled $ 7.2 billion last year .  design competition winners are featured in the gallery abov .
 rand paul v barack obama : a prelude to 2016 <sec> rand paul filed a class action suit against president obama over surveillance .  paul has ambitions for the 2016 republican presidential nomination .  he is asking for suit participants ' email addresses through his pa .
 5 american terror suspects say they are being tortured in pakistan <sec> suspects wrote claims on tissue paper that was thrown to reporters .  five men worshipped at same alexandria , virginia , mosque .  the men were arrested in pakistan in december .  u.s. , pakistan reject claims of tortur .
 six u.s. soldiers killed in iraq house explosion <sec> new : troops were taking part in new offensive , dubbed operation iron harvest .  six soldiers die when bomb explodes in booby-trapped house .  blast also leaves 4 u.s. soldiers wounded .  it 's the first incident involving multiple deaths of u.s. soldiers in iraq since septembe .
 please tweak my look ! <sec> darkness under the eyes and blotchy skin make people look tired , said bobbi brown .  brown finds colorful eye shadow competes with eyes instead of accentuating them .  want to look polished ? .  reach for a brush and some eye shadow and head for your brow .
 web of doubt surrounds india spider attack <sec> indian newspaper reports a spider attack on remote town .  two people killed and scores bitten by tarantula-like spiders .  expert questions whether deaths caused by spider bites .  spiders collected from town are undergoing test .
 how syria talks were derailed before they started <sec> assad has no reason to think he ca n't shoot his way out of crisis , labott says .  opposition suggests u.s. is setting them up to fail .  administration says it hopes geneva will be beginning of a `` process .
 son of farrah fawcett , ryan o'neal faces gun , drug charges <sec> a judge refused bond for redmond o'neal at thursday 's arraignment .  o'neal 's felony record makes it illegal for him to have a gun .  if convicted on the heroin and gun charge , o'neal could get 3 years , 8 months in prison .  he was arrested after a traffic stop in santa monica , california , tuesda .
 'avengers : infinity war , ' others on marvel movie slate <sec> `` avengers : infinity war '' part of marvel slate leading to 2019 .  `` doctor strange '' is among them , but there 's no confirmation on its lead actor .  emerging star chadwick boseman will play black panther .  other films include `` captain marvel '' with female lea .
 saving 40,000 lives in under 3 minutes <sec> eli beer founded an all-volunteer rescue service in israel .  the organization has reduced emergency response time to 3 minutes .  at age 6 , beer saw a bus bombing in jerusalem .  `` it 's not about saving jews or muslims , it 's about saving people , '' he say .
 beyond 'buckwild ' in west virginia <sec> `` buckwild '' on mtv features the antics of nine young west virginians .  sen. joe manchin objects to the show ; tourism officials say it does n't represent the state .  west virginia was born out of residents ' refusal to support slavery and secede from the union .  the state is celebrating its 150th birthday this yea .
 popes john xxiii and john paul ii to be declared saints in april <sec> to become a saint , a person needs to lead a holy life and perform two miracles .  john paul ii is said to have cured a french nun and a costa rican woman .  pope john xxiii is only recorded as having performed one miracle after his death .  but pope francis has decided that there are sufficient grounds to canonize hi .
 anthony defense expert : duct tape not a murder weapon <sec> pathologist testifies duct tape was placed long after caylee anthony 's death .  dr. werner spitz also accuses medical examiner of `` shoddy autopsy '' .  judge threatens defense attorney with contempt for failing to disclose testimony .  casey anthony is accused of killing her daughter , caylee , in 200 .
 who 's who in mystery of dead prosecutor alberto nisman ? <sec> argentine prosecutor alberto nisman dies mysteriously while investigating 1994 attack .  suspicions arose that death was tied to allegations against argentine 's president , other leader .
 boulder cops back on jonbenet ramsey case <sec> jonbenet ramsey case goes back to boulder police .  prosecutor says agency is better able to follow up on tips .  case was taken from boulder police in 2002 .  last year , prosecutors exonerated jonbenet 's mother , father and brothe .
 oliver 's twist - golfer goes from rock bottom to top <sec> oliver wilson wins his first european tour tournament at the 228th attempt .  golfer had considered walking away from the sport after a dismal run of form .  he admitted being in tears after rounds of golf as his past form completely vanished .  now he is $ 800,000 richer and feels he can take on the golfing world in 201 .
 diana nyad making fourth attempt at cuba-to-florida swim <sec> diana nyad calls the quest the `` xtreme dream '' .  `` this has got to be the last time , '' she says .  nyad will begin the swim in cuba on sunday .  she holds the world 's record for the longest swi .
 pints for prostates : one man 's beer battle against cancer <sec> rick lyke set up `` pints for prostates '' after being diagnosed with prostate cancer .  the organization travels to beer festivals to educate men about the disease .  prostate cancer affects on in six men american men and screening is recommended for men over 5 .
 jennifer love hewitt joins 'criminal minds ' as regular <sec> the actress is returning to cbs .  she previously starred on `` the ghost whisperer '' .  she 'll play a seasoned undercover agen .
 syrian radicals 'brainwash ' kidnapped schoolchildren <sec> more than 140 schoolboys remain in isis control , group and residents say .  they are being indoctrinated into radical theology .  isis , engaged in fighting in syria and iraq , endorses sharia law .  loved ones of boys seek outside help to free the .
 2 tornadoes and microburst touch down in new york city <sec> new : queens , brooklyn took tornado hits .  new : microburst caused greatest damage , weather service says .  one death was storm-related , the new york police department says .  the storm left thousands without power and triggered delays on rail lines and at airport .
 drones hover over paris landmarks and u.s. embassy <sec> drones are seen for a second night in paris .  they hovered over paris landmark .
 florida woman , 81 , behind bars for feeding bears lot of dog food <sec> mary musselman put out 17-18 bowls of dog food at a time for black bears .  officials tried to educate her on why she should not do it .  bears can be dangerous to humans if they lose their fear of people .  officials : she received multiple warnings and still did n't compl .
 scott 's collapse hands british open crown to south africa 's els <sec> ernie els wins british open at royal lytham and st annes .  adam scott bogeys last four holes to hand one-shot win to els .  second british open triumph for the 'big easy ' .  triple bogey derails tiger woods who finishes tied thir .
 opinion : what we must give back to soldiers <sec> paul rieckhoff : memorial day most difficult , hallowed day for veterans and their loved ones .  they serve their country , yet 900,000 veterans have disability claims pending with the va .  he says lawmakers , president taking needed action on big jump in sexual assault in ranks .  rieckhoff : high rate of suicide among veterans requires urgent increase in prevention effort .
 opinion : the two putins <sec> ten years ago , vladimir putin tolerated a ukraine uprising , ultimately seeing things go his way .  daniel treisman : why did putin take the bold step of sending forces into crimea in 2014 ? .  he says the costs will almost certainly outweigh the benefits for the russians .  treisman : like many authoritarian leaders , putin may now believe his own rhetori .
 lawyers , make room for nonlawyers <sec> gillian hadfield : getting legal help is enormously expensive in the u.s . .  hadfield : lawyers , judges must change the way they regulate practice of law .  she says we need less expensive nonlawyers who can provide legal assistance .  hadfield : lower-cost alternative to full-fledged attorneys is the solutio .
 opinion : what gives boko haram its strength <sec> boko haram has killed hundreds of nigerians each month .  authors : kidnapping of schoolgirls brought world 's attention to the terror group .  they say it is fueled by a reaction in impoverished north to western education , values .  backward schooling must yield to education that teaches marketable skills , they sa .
 fda : some foods from four japanese prefectures ca n't enter u.s . <sec> milk , milk products , produce from parts of japan affected .  other food products closest to nuclear plant will be diverted for testing .  all entries from japan will be flagged , fda say .
 weight loss inspiration : fear prompts man to lose 200 pounds <sec> mario colao has lost 200 pounds in just under four years .  three nights of heart attack-like symptoms made him realize he had to make a change .  he stopped smoking two packs of cigarettes a day and quit drinking excessively .  colao plans to be a certified personal trainer and wants to help people like himsel .
 bp claims it now leads the way on safety <sec> uk oil group claims it has drilling safety systems ahead of any other company 's .  bp blamed in large part for 2010 deepwater horizon oil spill in gulf of mexico .  bp has new unit monitoring wells being drilled offshore , training facility .  doj : bp acted with `` gross negligence '' for its part in deepwater horizon spil .
 seal video brings national spotlight on animal abuse <sec> video camera captures instances of abuse against seals on a california beach .  other incidents of animal cruelty include people putting beer cans on sea birds .  some people abuse animals due to peer pressure , but some enjoy doing it , aspca says .  conservationists say more enforcement is needed , not more law .
 spieth thrives on 'moving day ' <sec> jordan spieth holds lead in 2015 masters .  strong starts from mcilroy and woods .  both fall away as 21 year old spieth takes contro .
 charity urges caution over elton john 'adoption plan ' <sec> elton john , 62 , made announcement during a visit to an orphanage in ukraine .  everychild charity believes international adoption sends wrong message .  spokesman : mothers abandon children in hope they are adopted by foreigners .  madonna recently won appeal to adopt second child from malaw .
 question riles clinton ; translation might have been off <sec> question at town-hall meeting may have been an error of translation .  when translator posed question , they asked for bill clinton 's thoughts .  clinton responded : `` i will tell you my opinion ; i 'm not going to channel my husband '' .  state department : question `` struck a nerve , '' that her opinion was of less interes .
 'red knights ' appoint top bank in manchester united bid <sec> group eyeing takeover for manchester united appoints leading bank as adviser .  japanese bank nomura will help `` red knights '' consortium on bid .  manchester united fans protested against current owners at last game .  united are currently $ 1 billion in debt , according to account .
 texas inmate caught after using bedsheets to escape <sec> convicted burglar escaped from galveston medical facility saturday .  wednesday morning , irving police receive call about suspicious person in a park .  police chase escapee , who flees to abandoned house , then surrenders .  escapee was moved to galveston medical facility last week after a figh .
 japan takes over tepco after disaster <sec> the trade and industry minister yukio edano approved a request for a 1 trillion yen injection .  in the 10-year plan , tepco has vowed to turn a profit by march 2014 .  all of japan 's nuclear reactors are now offline for the first time in four decade .
 living with stiff person syndrome : 'i 'm a statue for your lawn ' <sec> stiff person syndrome is a rare disorder that causes painful muscle spasms and stiffness .  experts estimate one in every 1 million people has sps .  stem cell transplantation may successfully treat this debilitating diseas .
 who cares about the economy ? you <sec> vote on the stories you find most important and john sutter will cover them .  the vote is taking place as part of sutter 's new change the list project .  sutter : income inequality currently is leading the list of 20 topics .  that could change , however ; voting continues until monda .
 'new girl ' : taye diggs to guest star <sec> taye diggs is set to play an eligible bachelor on `` new girl '' .  he 'll guest star in an episode as a self-assured ladies ' man .  the scene is slated to air later this fal .
 ntsb warns of hidden hazards at plane crash sites <sec> ntsb warns of hazards about small aircraft fires .  ntsb cited 5 incidents since 2001 in which first responders unaware of hazards .  the ntsb recommending faa take additional steps to address the safety issu .
