 extreme weather to leave detroit shivering , southern california soaked <sec> detroit public schools will be closed friday because of extreme cold .  `` this really has been the worst winter in a lot of people 's lifetimes , '' a meteorologist says .  thousands of miles away , southern california faces potential for flash flood .
 east cleveland murder suspect pleads not guilty <sec> east cleveland man charged with murder , kidnapping in deaths of three women .  bodies were found in separate locations near his home this month , wrapped in trash bags .  first pretrial hearing set for august .
 dallas ' ebola patient waited days for experimental drug <sec> thomas eric duncan was admitted to a dallas hospital for ebola on september 28 .  he got an experimental drug october 4 ; others with ebola got such drugs much faster .  nephew : `` he did n't get the medicine and treatment for the disease because he 's african '' .  hospital : duncan was `` treated the way any other patient would have been treated .
 agriculture must play 'critical role ' in africa 's future <sec> a community initiative in south africa helps poor farmers make a living by growing trees .  more than two-thirds of african countries are net importers of agricultural products .  experts call african governments to invest in agriculture research and infrastructur .
 clinton dances between loyalty and self-interest <sec> tied to obama 's foreign policy , clinton must find the right way to create some distance .  trying to break with obama , clinton created an uproar from his loyalists and liberals .  clinton missed an opportunity in her memoir to create some distance from obama .  clinton is tied to much of obama 's foreign policy from her time as secretary of stat .
 pakistan summons british envoy after cameron 's remarks <sec> british prime minister has been critical of pakistan 's handling of terrorism .  pakistani president asif ali zardari has said he will visit the united kingdom this week .  pakistan says cameron does n't understand the fact .
 elian gonzalez 's great uncle : 'he says what they taught him ' <sec> elian gonzalez 's great uncle says he 'd be better off in the united states .  he says his nephew 's pro-cuba comments in a cnn interview do n't surprise him .  `` he understands and says what they have taught him , '' delfin gonzalez say .
 cops : 2 men charged with making fake tickets to super bowl , nfl events <sec> two men produced , sold fake tickets to super bowl and related events in new york .  damon daniels,43 , and eugene fladger , 32 , face dozens of charges , including forgery .  purchasers of fake items `` may be in for a rude awakening on game day , '' district attorney say .
 cruise ship suffers stopped-up toilets <sec> a ship in the carnival corp. portfolio experienced toilet problems on a recent sailing .  princess cruises ' crown princess had non-working toilets in 410 staterooms .  affected passengers received a $ 50 credi .
 who is cia director john brennan ? <sec> brennan faced questions about his role in the use of torture during his confirmation hearing .  he has a press conference at the cia , scheduled for 1:30 p.m. on thursday .  brennan , a new jersey native who speaks arabic , studied at the american university in cairo .  brennan was a cia official under george w. bush and advised obama on intelligenc .
 mystery surrounds freed cleveland captive <sec> new : the rescued women will issue a statement through their new pr firm .  two other victims have been reunited with families , but not michelle knight .  a source says she is in a safe and comfortable place .  authorities are sealing areas that they have searched for evidenc .
 hungary 's wild east : where cowboys and dreadlocked sheep roam <sec> hungary 's answer to cowboys , csikos horsemen , oversee cattle on hungary 's plains .  careful breeding has brought species such as auroch cattle back to the area .  hungary 's `` wild east '' is also home to important wetland .
 bin hammam : include blatter in fifa corruption investigation <sec> mohamed bin hammam wants sepp blatter included in probe into bribery claims .  bin hammam has been accused of breaking fifa rules and must face ethics board .  qatari is accused of bribery along with fellow fifa executive jack warner .  fifa president blatter insists he `` takes no joy '' in bin hammam 's pligh .
 minnesota hiker falls from cliff to his death near yosemite waterfall <sec> kenneth stensby , 73 , of minnesota was found dead at the base of vernal fall .  staff at the hiker 's hotel alerted authorities when he did not return as expected .  three california hikers were swept over the 317-foot waterfall in 201 .
 signs of underground ocean found on saturn moon <sec> enceladus is a small moon of saturn .  new data suggest a subsurface ocean under its south pole .  gravity experiment inferred that there must be liquid water there .  miles of ice likely cover a subsurface ocean that itself is 5 to 10 miles dee .
 glaad tv reports find no 'excellent ' networks <sec> glaad released two of its annual reports on television .  none of the networks received an `` excellent '' rating .  two networks were listed as `` failing .
 debris sighting stirs flight 370 families ' emotions <sec> new : `` this is not watching news ; it is living it , '' says father of one passenger .  australian authorities say satellites spotted debris that could belong to flight 370 .  there is no confirmation that it is part of the plane .  but the news has elicited varying emotions from relatives of the passenger .
 511 arrested at hong kong pro-democracy protest <sec> huge crowds march in hong kong calling for democracy on the anniversary of handover .  511 protesters arrested at illegal sit-in following the march , say police .  an annual event , the march is especially charged this year amid a heated political climate .  pro-democracy activists are threatening to `` occupy '' downtown if calls are not hear .
 apparently this matters : fine dining is n't for kids <sec> a couple brought their 8-month-old baby into chicago 's ultra-swanky alinea restaurant .  after the baby cried and annoyed other guests , chef grant achatz tweeted about it .  a pop-up twitter account was created for the crying bab .
 legendary sportscaster al michaels arrested on dui charge <sec> sportscasting legend al michaels suspected of drunken driving .  he was arrested in santa monica , california , on friday night .  michaels spent five hours in jail , then was released on his own recognizance , police sa .
 virginia deputy fights his firing over a facebook 'like ' <sec> virginia deputy says he was fired for liking sheriff 's opponent on facebook .  daniel ray carter jr. says he was one of six fired for not backing his boss .  u.s. district judge ruled his facebook `` like '' was n't protected by first amendment .  facebook , aclu and others have weighed in to support carter 's appea .
 jesse jackson jr. quits congress , cites health reasons - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rep. jesse jackson junior says he needs to spend time restoring his health .  he is being investigated by the fbi and the house ethics committee .  he has been absent from capitol hill in recent months , citing health issues .  voters in his chicago-area district re-elected him to a 10th two-year term this mont .
 mario balotelli : last chance saloon for berlusconi 's 'rotten apple ' <sec> mario balotelli returns to italy joining ac milan from manchester city .  balotelli recently brawled with city manager roberto mancini .  italian international striker joined city from italian club inter milan .  balotelli has been sent off six times in his caree .
 somali president names new prime minister <sec> somali president abdullahi yusuf ahmed fired country 's prime minister on sunday .  pm refuses to leave ; parliament backs him ; yusuf appoints new pm .  kenya threatens sanctions on yusuf , says he 's undermining peace efforts .  somali has been without effective central government since 199 .
 sochi winter olympics : video threat emerges amid security concerns <sec> new : u.s. lawmakers say they 're concerned about security at the olympics .  a video on a well-known jihadi website threatens the winter olympic games .  russia will do its utmost to keep sochi visitors safe , says president vladimir puti .
 austin : haven for the healthy , paradise for the party crowd <sec> austin , texas , has clubs and bar districts to keep a night person hopping .  it also has outdoor activities to please a run-six-miles-before-breakfast person .  barbecue , enchiladas and margaritas help visitors refue .
 anthony prosecutor respects verdict , likens juries to 'dice game ' <sec> new : prosecutor says jurors thought they did the right thing .  verdict brought justice for caylee , defense attorney says .  ashton claims anthony showed premeditation in the death of caylee , 2 .  the florida prosecutor is retirin .
 virginia earthquake rattles east coast <sec> new : amtrak says service operating normally between washington and baltimore .  lincoln and jefferson memorials reopen .  school buildings damaged in louisa county , virginia .  no major injuries are reporte .
 7 terrible countries for christians <sec> as many as 70,000 christians are thought to be imprisoned in labor camps in north korea .  sudan sentenced a woman to die for refusing to renounce her faith ; she was later released .  christians are under attack in nigeria from the islamic extremist group boko hara .
 death toll from dual philippine typhoons now 59 <sec> new : nalgae , now a tropical storm , threatens southern china .  55 are dead from typhoon nesat , and 4 are killed by typhoon nalgae .  a disaster agency estimates damages at 8 billion philippine pesos ( almost $ 183 million ) .  some residents in bulacan province were stranded on rooftops for day .
 manassero and quiros claw back donald 's lead at wentworth <sec> luke donald , alvaro quiros and matteo manassero lead the bmw pga championship .  the trio lead on six-under from a group of three players on four-under .  donald can become world number one if he wins at wentworth .  eighteen-year-old manassero shoots a round of one-under to pull level with donal .
 baby slapper gets eight months in prison <sec> joe rickey hundley will report to a prison , which has yet to be determined .  he was sitting next to a woman and her baby while on his way to see his gravely ill son .  he slapped the baby with an open hand , court document said .  lawyer calls eight-month sentence too hars .
 the iphone-sized gadget that can pilot jet fighter crews to safety <sec> future military tech may include the ability to pilot a fighter jet using an iphone-sized device .  raytheon displayed new aircraft gadgets this week including the `` aviation warrior '' .  `` aviation warrior '' tech will allow downed pilots to navigate enemy terrain after leaving their aircraf .
 demerit signs with new mls franchise vancouver whitecaps <sec> jay demerit has signed for new mls franchise the vancouver whitecaps .  u.s. international is first major league soccer signing for canada-based team .  whitecaps will make their debut in the mls at the start of the 2011 season .  demerit has played for english championship side watford for the last six year .
 son , husband , national hero ; killed pilot unites jordan <sec> moath al-kasasbeh 's cousin layla shares fond memories , when she 's not crying .  people from all over jordan come to express solidarity with his family .  king abdullah ii promises revenge , and jordanian jets bomb isi .
 'talent ' winner paul potts on boyle , fame <sec> paul potts won `` britain 's got talent '' two years ago .  potts has understanding of what current sensation susan boyle is going through .  potts forgave bullies : `` there 's nothing to forgive . .  it 's in the past '' .  new potts album is `` passione , '' collection of tracks sung in italia .
 indian court bans interview with convicted rapist <sec> `` please see the film and then talk about it , '' filmmaker urges .  news channels warned not to air controversial documentary about rape in india .  debate centers on whether withholding film is censorship or prevention of repugnant view .
 dolores prida , latina 'dear abby , ' dies <sec> dolores prida , who penned a popular advice column in latina magazine , died sunday .  prida was also a playwright and an opinion columnist .  friend : `` she said what had to be said and said it with humor most of the time '' .  supreme court justice sonia sotomayor calls her a `` visionary '' who `` inspired us to think deeply .
 cheaper , simpler android phones to hit market this fall <sec> vendors at ctia conference introduce phones all under $ 150 , some as cheap as $ 50 .  new android phones may not offer same features and speed as higher-end smartphones .  carriers have already revealed prices for data plans for these phone .
 after website woes , president pushes benefits of obamacare <sec> treasury audit warns of possible obamacare subsidy fraud .  president obama says the health care website works , reforms are `` here to stay '' .  his remarks kick off a public relations offensive for obamacare .  republicans continue relentless attacks on the 2010 affordable care ac .
 radiation reading spikes further near fukushima water tanks <sec> tepco says it measured radiation of 2,200 millisieverts at the plant .  the reading came from near a tank holding contaminated water .  the previous highest reading around that tank was 1,800 millisieverts on saturday .  those levels are strong enough to kill an unprotected person within hour .
 ramsey nouah : we 're taking nollywood to the next level <sec> ramsey nouah won the 2010 african movie academy award for best actor in a leading role for `` figurine .
 $ 100 a shot for cat dung coffee <sec> peter jones department store in london selling coffee shots for $ 100 each .  blend is a combination of jamaican blue mountain and kupi luwak .  kupi luwak coffee beans are harvested from the dung of indonesian jungle ca .
 fans buzzing over bloody online 'power rangers ' <sec> `` power/rangers , '' rethinking of 1990s show , is a huge online hit .  the 14-minute video is grim and violent .  the video may be facing legal issue .
 f1 : sebastian vettel wins abu dhabi grand prix <sec> world champion sebastian vettel equals his personal best of 11 wins in a season .  abu dhabi victory means he can match michael schumacher 's record of 13 .  german finishes 30 seconds clear of his red bull teammate mark webber .  webber second on podium ahead of mercedes ' nico rosber .
 new film gives mary j. blige the 411 on acting <sec> singer mary j. blige stars in new tyler perry film `` i can do bad all by myself '' .  film allows blige to test acting chops and sing as well as owner of club .  `` i was definitely nervous , because acting is not my first profession , '' blige says .  blige : movie is about redemption , saving yourself and healing from wound .
 could u.s. be growing less hateful ? report : maybe , but racism more hidden <sec> media coverage of isis could spur `` real wave of islamophobia , '' report 's editor says .  the number of hate groups across the u.s. dropped 17 % from 2013 to 2014 , the report says .  in particular , the number of kkk chapters dropped from 163 to 72 in a year , it say .
 smartphone explosion liberating china 's migrants <sec> smartphone use on the rise in china amid falling handset prices and cheaper call plans .  china set to overtake the united states as the largest market for smartphones .  analyst : such technology helping to `` restructure the social identity '' of migrants .  workers also connecting with broader segments of chinese society via micro-blog .
 facebook hacked , says no user data compromised <sec> facebook says it was hacked in january when employees visited a compromised website .  the social network has found no evidence that any user data was obtained by the hackers .  this is latest in a string of high-profile hacks this yea .
 john lennon 's killer seeks freedom again <sec> mark david chapman will be interviewed by parole board members next week .  in 2010 hearing , he was denied parole .  yoko ono , lennon 's widow , in previous years requested parole be denied .  chapman 's attorney could not be immediately reached for commen .
 israel says it shot down syrian jet over golan heights <sec> new : the downed syrian plane was a sukhoi-24 , an israeli military spokesman says .  idf : the plane was attempting to infiltrate israeli airspace in the golan heights .  activist group says the plane was targeting sites around the syrian town of quneitra .  u.n. peacekeepers have left the syrian-controlled side of the golan height .
 arrest made in death of nazi concentration camp survivor <sec> bronx woman charged with murder , robbery ; police say a man is still being sought .  guido felix brinkmann , 89 , was found strangled thursday in manhattan apartment .  latvia native had lived alone since wife died last year ; son suspects killing is rando .
 elusive snow leopards discovered in remote corner of afghanistan <sec> a population of rare snow leopards has been discovered in afghanistan .  researchers photographed the elusive big cat using camera traps .  the endangered big cat faces threats from poachers and shepherds .  between 4,500 and 7,500 snow leopards are lef .
 the pixies sound off on first album in 22 years , life after kim deal <sec> the pixies return with `` ep-1 , '' their first new music in decades .  the band is playing a series of club dates to promote the album .  black francis opens up about kim deal 's departur .
 queen makes history with ex-ira leader handshake <sec> new : sinn fein leader gerry adams says it is `` a good day for ireland '' .  martin mcguinness speaks of the need to acknowledge the pain of all victims .  queen elizabeth ii lost a relative , lord mountbatten , to an ira bomb in 1979 .  the meeting would have been unthinkable a decade ag .
 bullying : what parents can do to stop it <sec> a minnesota mom posted a video of her daughter crying after she 'd allegedly been bullied .  the mom says she posted the video because the school did nothing about the bullying .  parents might not realize all the avenues they have to deal with bullying , experts say .  the no . .  1 goal , according to the experts , is making a child feel saf .
 mexico 's corruption fight reaches civil workers <sec> international transparency poll : businesses in mexico more open to paying bribes .  organized crime has penetrated state institutions charged with fighting crime .  some 40 government agents under investigation for presumed ties to drug cartel .
 u.n. inspectors turn in report on syria 's chemical weapons <sec> u.n. inspectors deliver their report to secretary-general ban ki-moon .  `` the military option must remain , '' french president says .  a syrian official calls the geneva framework announced saturday a `` victory '' .  syria 's opposition says the deal does n't go far enoug .
 man who aided stricken baseball fan and old friend <sec> man severely injured in altercation with two fans at baltimore baseball game .  off-duty trooper who performed first aid on victim realized later two were old friends .  two men held in alleged assault .  victim hospitalized in stable condition with head injur .
 texas college stabbing suspect waives court hearing <sec> new : stabbing suspect dylan quick waives right to court appearance thursday .  new : quick told police of more violent fantasies , search warrant affidavit says .  he is charged with three counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon .  quick has had a psychological evaluation , the harris county district attorney say .
 brain condition helps save colorado shooting victim <sec> petra anderson , 22 , was wounded in the aurora , colorado rampage .  three shotgun pellets hit her arm and one went into her brain .  the pellet to her brain follows `` a tiny channel of fluid , '' missing vital areas .  `` in christianity we call it prevenient grace , '' her pastor write .
 11 nato troops killed in 2 days in afghanistan <sec> u.s. soldier killed in roadside bombing on a convoy in western afghanistan .  follows deaths of 7 americans , 2 canadians , 1 briton in separate incidents .  latest deaths come as u.s. forces ratchet up fight against taliba .
 zumba instructor behind maine prostitution ring gets out of jail early <sec> zumba instructor in maine prostitution ring released from jail on good behavior .  alexis wright serves nearly six months of her ten-month sentence .  prostitution case rocked kennebunk , where client list became talk of the tow .
 germany 's stasi past looms over nsa spying furor <sec> hovestädt : germans see surveillance differently than u.s. due to stasi .  stasi were east germany 's secret police during cold war era of communist one party rule .  hovestädt : germans have seen danger of condoning unchecked state powe .
