 effort to pick jury in casey anthony murder trial extends to weekend <sec> by day 's end , 16 potential jurors have been selected as viable candidates .  a total of 12 , plus 8 alternates , must be picked before casey anthony 's trial .  the jury selection process will continue saturday , with the trial set for next week .  anthony is accused of killing her daughter and then lying to investigator .
 grimes ad : 'mitch , that 's not how you hold a gun ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> kentucky senate candidate tries to separate herself from president obama .  alison grimes takes shots at clay pigeons and opponent mitch mcconnell .  ad shows photo of mcconnell holding rifle overhead : `` mitch , that 's not how you hold a gun .
 children 's cold , allergy medicine recalled <sec> children 's motrin , tylenol among drugs being recalled for failing to meet quality standards .  recall not based on adverse health effects , company says .  drugs were made in united states , distributed to other countrie .
 google 's newest android prepares to battle apple <sec> vodafone 's htc magic handset will launch in western europe in the next few months .  the first android-capable handset , t-mobile 's g1 , was launched last year .  new device includes a 3.2-inch touch screen display , navigational buttons , trackbal .
 is it time for a new google mission statement ? <sec> google 's larry page admits google `` probably does need '' a new mission statement .  andrew keen suggests tweaking the internet behemoth 's `` ten things we know to be true '' .  keen : google-style disruption of traditional corporate culture is now business orthodoxy .  `` can we trust a company that relies on mining our personal data for its massive profits ? .
 judge expanding investigation of spain train crash <sec> preliminary charges in the spain train crash will now include top railway officials .  judge luis alaez legeren is adding the charges because the train lacked a safety system .  he notes there were systems in place at various places , but driver error was not anticipated .  the crash took the lives of 79 people and injured some 17 .
 youtube student stars still rapping to learn <sec> ron clark academy students ' '08 youtube rap performance got millions of hits .  clark teaches `` global curriculum '' with heavy emphasis on current events .  `` i 'm teaching an eigthth-grade curriculum to fifth graders , '' says clark .  student : `` my knowledge of the world has improved . .  ... .  i 'm hungry for knowledge .
 opinion : mother 's day is not so rosy in africa <sec> kenyan radio presenter caroline mutoko highlights maternal mortality in africa .  every 90 seconds , somewhere in the world , a woman dies from a pregnancy-related complication , according to who stats .  in most african rural areas , expectant mothers are mostly taken care of by traditional birth attendants at their households , rather than at hospital .
 australian watson makes history with record sixes haul <sec> opener shane watson hammers a world record 15 sixes in a one-day innings .  watson beats the record of 12 set by xavier marshall of the west indies in 2008 .  watson 's score of 185 not out also a record one-day total by an australian .  the 29-year-old helped australia defeat bangladesh by nine wickets in dhak .
 ottoman camel skeleton found in austrian cellar <sec> archaeologists have found the skeleton of a camel below a cellar in an austrian village .  they believe the camel was from the 17th century osmanic-habsburg war .  ottoman troops used camels as troops during the conflic .
 student says school webcam spied on him at home <sec> pennsylvania parents sue school district , school chief , board over son 's laptop .  lawsuit alleges district unlawfully used its ability to access a webcam remotely .  suit : son accused of engaging in `` improper behavior '' at home that school-issued webcam captured .  district spokesman : school only remotely accesses webcam if laptop reported stolen , los .
 austria braces for fritzl incest trial <sec> josef fritzl accused of keeping daughter captive for decades , on trial march 16 .  fritzl faces murder charge as one of 7 children he fathered by daughter died .  other charges include incest , rape , assault and involvement in slave trad .
 17 new charges against suspected benghazi ringleader <sec> grand jury hands down 17 more charges against suspected militant .  ahmed abu khatallah was captured in libya and transferred to the u.s . .  he has pleaded not guilty to a charge of providing support to terrorist .
 ten dogs that changed the world <sec> several dogs have earned a spot in history .  a soviet dog named laika rode into space history .  a dog stood between alexander the great and a charging elephant .  one puppy got final approval on a composer 's musi .
 collector donates us $ 167.5m in art to hong kong museum <sec> most of world 's premier chinese contemporary art collection donated to hong kong museum .  valued at hk $ 1.3 billion ( us $ 167.5 million ) , donation includes 1,463 artworks by 310 artists .  art comes from acclaimed collection of uli sigg , a former swiss ambassador to chin .
 rutgers holds vigil for student who committed suicide <sec> tyler clementi committed suicide after the broadcast of a sexual encounter with a man .  students dharun ravi and molly wei are charged with invasion of privacy .  ravi and wei might face additional charges such as bias .  clementi 's family says it hopes the tragedy will serve as a call for compassio .
 'the hobbit : an unexpected journey ' was 2013 's most pirated movie <sec> `` the hobbit : an unexpected journey '' had about 8.4 million downloads .  it was followed closely by `` django unchained '' .  total piracy numbers are probably significantly highe .
 officials : 3 killed as human sacrifices in mexico <sec> the victims were allegedly offered as sacrifices to santa muerte -- the saint of death .  their bodies were found in the small mining community of nacozari de garcia .  `` it 's not something we 're going to allow , '' says the state governo .
 cnn.com readers react to edwards scandal <sec> former sen. john edwards admits to an extramarital affair .  many ireport contributors question why edwards ' affair is a big news story .  `` we have no right to judge him or anyone else , '' one ireporter says .  ireport.com : what do you think ? .  share your verdict on edwards ' affai .
 exposed by graphic video , top horse trainer pleads guilty to cruelty <sec> jackie mcconnell was charged with 52 counts of violation of the horse protection act .  an undercover video showed him subjecting show horses to banned practices .  `` soring '' inflicts pain and induces the signature gait of walking horses .  mcconnell was banned for life from the most important walking horse sho .
 pakistani military pushes to block geo news for hamid mir report <sec> geo news anchor hamid mir was wounded last saturday by gunmen in karachi .  his brother told geo that pakistan 's spy agency may have targeted hamid mir .  the military asks for geo to possibly lose its license over this `` malicious '' report .  geo , news media advocates strongly counter this clai .
 outside political groups obama criticized are a mutual undertaking <sec> political groups operate outside parties and do not have to reveal members or donors .  it 's difficult for voters to figure out who is behind messaging , watchdog group says .  president obama has attacked groups for spending millions without disclosing donors .  democratic-leaning groups are also cloaking their funding sources , howeve .
 what is driving the philippines ' surprisingly strong growth ? <sec> in the first quarter of 2012 , the philippine economy grew 6.4 % , outpacing expectations .  the growth surge was driven in part by a recovery of electronics exports .  remittances and outsourced call centers serve as long-term stabilizers .  cuts in interest rates and the government 's plans to spend more aggressively have boosted investor confidenc .
 weakened beryl still dumping rain on southeast <sec> new : up to 6 inches of rain was reported near jacksonville , florida .  new : beryl produced a small tornado near port st. lucie , florida .  beryl wrecked memorial day plans along the florida and georgia coasts .  the storm is still producing lots of rain and creating dangerous surf condition .
 zidane to headline haiti charity game <sec> soccer stars zinedine zidane and kaka will take part in a charity match to help haiti .  they will appear in united nations ' annual match against poverty in lisbon .  the seventh staging of the event will see all proceeds go to earthquake relief efforts .  forty international players will feature in the match , including portuguese legend eusebi .
 jaycee dugard case back in court <sec> new hearing concerns a witness in the kidnapping case .  phillip and nancy garrrido are accused of snatching jaycee dugard off street .  dugard was 12 at the time , was kept captive 18 years .  judge earlier ruled garrido 's ca n't see each other in jai .
 iraq : 6 gunmen killed as police retake ministry <sec> new : at least four people are killed and 14 injured in two car bomb attacks in baghdad .  civil servants taken hostage by gunmen are freed unharmed , security sources say .  iraqi police retake ministry building from gunmen , six of whom are killed .  the united nations says 2013 was the deadliest year in iraq since 200 .
 analysis : does obama diplomacy work ? <sec> poll says only 9 percent of turks had positive view of u.s. in 2007 .  iraq war , foreign policy of bush administration among the reasons , ivan watson says .  president obama tried to change those sentiments during april trip to turkey .  some turks say obama 's won them over ; others wait and see , watson report .
 man arraigned in r.i. kidnap-murder case <sec> daniel rodriguez is accused of killing a mother and daughter .  a 2-year-old boy was found wandering a street after police issued an amber alert sunday .  malcolm crowell , initially identified as a suspect , is not charged , police sa .
 suspect in quarry shootings believed to have been killed <sec> california deputies shoot man believed to be the suspect .  officers found a man crouched beside a vehicle at a residence , sheriff says .  wednesday 's shooting took place at the permanente quarr .
 we must fight rise of homegrown hate <sec> kanwardeep kaleka : sikh community optimistic about hearing on domestic terrorism .  kaleka 's uncle was killed in the sikh temple massacre carried out by american .  kaleka : homegrown terror groups are growing fast and present a real threat .  the government must make it a priority to fight terrorism at home , he write .
 oregon man says naked airport protest was about free speech <sec> the man is charged with disorderly conduct and indecent exposure .  brennan says he stripped naked as `` a form of protest '' .  `` as a citizen , one of my ways of expressing myself is being naked , '' brennan say .
 koch bros.-backed group gave millions to small business lobby - cnnpolitics.com <sec> national federation of independent business advocates for small business .  however , it got $ 2.5 million from a group backed by the industrialist koch brothers .  lisa gilbert of public citizen : nfib is `` taking the name of small business in vain '' .  nfib spokeswoman : bulk of group 's $ 86 million revenue comes from 350,000 member .
 nadal crashes to stunning wimbledon defeat to belgian darcis <sec> rafael nadal crashes to sensational first round defeat at wimbledon .  beaten in straight sets by unseeded belgian steve darcis .  defending champion roger federer coasts through his opening match .  pays tribute to nelson mandela after his victor .
 madonna to headline super bowl halftime show <sec> cirque du soleil will perform alongside madonna , the nfl announces .  the show will be halftime of super bowl xlvi in indianapolis .  guinness says madonna is the world 's top-selling female recording artis .
 presidential limo breaks down ahead of obama 's arrival <sec> barack obama 's official limousine in israel failed to start .  the driver refueled it using gasoline instead of diesel fuel .  the limo had to be towed and a second limo brought in for obam .
 obama 's big environmental move : power plants to cut carbon pollution - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama says critics always wrong with dire predictions .  administration officials say it will build jobs , benefit the economy .  the regulations will prevent up to 6,600 premature deaths , the epa says .  plan will cost up to $ 8.8 billion annually but bring benefits worth $ 55- $ 93 billion , epa say .
 late night shocker for rafael nadal in rio <sec> rafael nadal slips to shock defeat in rio .  defending champion beaten in semifinals by fabio fognini .  first semifinal defeat on clay in 52 matches for nadal .  simona halep wins wta tournament in duba .
 wikileaks : palestinian group 'asked israel ' to attack hamas <sec> wikileaks cable says `` desperate '' fatah asked israel to attack hamas in 2007 .  a fatah official says the comment was part of an israeli smear campaign .  hamas calls it `` evidence regarding the involvement of fatah with the occupation .
 inside story of 'narcoland ' -- the mexican drug lords and cartels <sec> anabel hernandez says she has lived with death threats since revealing corruption in mexico .  she says mexico 's drug traffickers impose their own law , encouraging terror .  mexico 's narcotics industry is estimated to have cost more than 60,000 lives in six years .  hernandez argues that people no longer view the government as being at war with the cartel .
 monument honors u.s. 'horse soldiers ' who invaded afghanistan <sec> u.s. special operations forces invaded afghanistan in 2001 on horseback .  it was the first time the u.s. military had done so since 1942 .  the `` horse soldiers '' are being memorialized in a new monument .  it will be unveiled at the world trade center site in november on veterans da .
 china treads carefully amid the anger and grief of mh370 relatives <sec> relatives of chinese passengers on mh370 have been holed up in beijing hotel .  many have taken their anger to malaysian embassy amid lack of information .  street protests largely banned in china amid fears of social unrest .  china also keen not to alienate itself from malaysia , an asean partne .
 obama , merkel pledge alliance on ukraine <sec> u.s. president barack obama says he has n't decided yet whether to send weapons to ukraine .  germany 's angela merkel : `` i 've always said i do n't see a military solution to this conflict '' .  leaders are planning possible talks in belarus wednesda .
 stds still on the rise , report says <sec> cdc : women , minorities , 15- to 24-year-olds bear greatest std burden .  progress in eliminating syphilis has , to some extent , been reversed .  stds cost the u.s. health care system as much as $ 15.3 billion annuall .
 8 perfect summer lake towns <sec> quintessential american lake towns provide a nice summer vacation option .  from montana to new hampshire , cozy lake towns are full of natural scenery .  these towns offer fun recreational activities , shopping and scrumptious regional dishe .
 a mosque in your neighborhood ? <sec> cnn poll : 69 % of americans would be ok with a mosque in their neighborhood .  cnn 's documentary `` unwelcome : the muslims next door '' airs at 8 p.m . .  et .  share your thoughts : how would you feel about a mosque next door .
 taiwan 's leader takes blame for typhoon response <sec> taiwan 's leader says he takes blame for slow typhoon response .  ma ying-jeou has refused to stand down over criticism .  typhoon killed 123 people in taiwan and left many thousands homeles .
 lockitron : the app that unlocked crowd-funding success <sec> lockitron is an app that enables doors to be unlocked through a smart phone .  after having been rejected by kickstarter , the start-up managed to successfully raise funds online .  lockitron senses your proximity to the door , then uses wifi or bluetooth to unlock it once you 're in rang .
 analysis : why america 's unions are losing power <sec> michigan is the latest 'rust belt ' state to approve a right-to-work law .  it 's the latest sign that organized labor 's influence is waning in the u.s . .  some analysts blame heavy tactics by big business ; others say it 's just politic .
 police praise scotland fans despite neymar racism claims <sec> london police praise behavior of scotland fans during the match against brazil .  police reveal they have received no racism complaints from sunday 's game .  two-goal striker neymar told media that a banana was thrown at him during gam .
 up all night with kevin hart <sec> kevin hart is releasing a new concert movie called `` let me explain '' .  the film documents his world tour and set at madison square garden .  hart also has several upcoming movies alongside chris rock , robert deniro and ice cub .
 obama apologizes to afghanistan for quran burning <sec> new : gingrich wants apology from afghanistan for u.s. troop deaths .  two american troops were killed thursday by man in afghan army uniform .  an afghan religious scholar says american `` carelessness `` was `` a crime '' .  two people also die and nine , including americans , are injured in a protest , an official say .
 explosion rocks upper east side in new york <sec> minor explosion outside of a manhattan starbucks sends people fleeing .  no injuries reported from the blast ; starbucks damage limited to broken windows .  police investigating whether explosion is connected to other pre-dawn blast .
 8 april fools ' jokes you may have missed <sec> april fools day pranks flood the internet on april 1 as media and business try and trick readers .  this year google , youtube , twitter and virgin atlantic among companies with april 1 pranks .  cnn has compiled a list of some of the best gags from 201 .
 no 'avenger ' in sight for america <sec> dean obeidallah : america 's economy in trouble , needs an `` avenger '' superhero .  captain economy , deficit reduction man would be nice ; reality is obama , romney .  he says romney promises government cuts , but where has austerity worked ? .  writer : candidates , level with voters : there 's no superhero plan for recovery ' it 'll be a slo .
 south carolina funeral home to sell starbucks coffee <sec> funeral home in easley , south carolina , plans coffee shop .  it will sell starbucks products to mourners , the public .  service is a way to support families , funeral home executive say .
 luxuries dazzled gangster 's girlfriend <sec> former girlfriend of colombian drug lord admits being bought by luxuries .  yovanna guzman dated cartel head wilber varela for eight years .  guzman says he bought her cars , vacations , jewels but also ordered her shot in leg .  she says she felt her `` golden cage '' had opened when he was killed last yea .
 w. virginia ag : middle school concealed alleged sex assaults <sec> the attorney general of west virginia has taken on the case of two seventh-grade girls .  the girls allege they were sexually assaulted by two classmates during the school year .  the ag says local officials worked to protect the accused and punish their accusers .  the accused are relatives of school system employees , the attorney general say .
 anguish for family of kayla mueller whom isis says died <sec> `` it has been a living hell , '' a longtime friend of the family tells cnn .  isis claims kayla mueller , an american woman , was killed in a jordanian airstrike .  her family asks the militants , who previously demanded a ransom , to get in touc .
 find that old tweet ! twitter launches archive tool <sec> twitter users can view or search all their tweets with a new archive tool .  twitter rolled out the tool to a small percentage of users on wednesday .  the coming weeks and months will bring archive to all users .  it lets twitter users search tweets by date , keywords or user name .
 bradley holds off schwartzel to win grand slam of golf <sec> keegan bradley wins pga grand slam of golf in bermuda .  rookie professional cards a level-par 71 for four-under 138 .  charl schwartzel one-shot back after brilliant second round 65 .  bradley claimed pga championship in atlanta to earn invite to prestigious even .
 two new jersey men charged with running 9/11 scam <sec> nj attorney general : `` the conduct , , , was n't just despicable , it was criminal '' .  `` we are bringing them to justice , '' he adds .  the two allegedly sold t-shirts and raised donations but no money went to 9/11 families .  it could not be determined if the two had retained attorney .
 tsarnaev 's connections : who 's who <sec> dzhokhar tsarnaev is on trial in 2013 boston marathon bombings .  his parents , who are divorced , have both moved to russian republic of dagestan .  his sisters and brother 's widow are believed to be living in new jerse .
 is japan betting big on casinos ? <sec> japan 's ruling party hopes to legalize gambling within the month .  ruling could pave the way for huge integrated resorts in japan 's major cities .  advocates say the liberalization of the gaming industry will help japan 's ailing econom .
