 u.s. sailor : do n't deport my wife <sec> sailor 's wife could be deported while he 's overseas .  sailor : `` defending the country that 's trying to kick my family out '' is tough .  u.s. military does n't have overall policy to handle such situations .  wife : `` we just want to feel safe and have a home just like everybody else .
 fighting identity theft not a priority , report says <sec> justice department inspector general cites wide-ranging costs and dangers of id theft .  effort to fight problem has lagged since task force formed in 2007 , report says .  costs thought to be substantially higher than the $ 15.6 billion documented in 200 .
 opinion : nigeria is a sinking ship , but we must not desert it <sec> chude jideonwo says nigerians need to fight for nigeria , and refuse to give up on nigeria . .  in a speech at the future project awards , he urged nigerians not to abandon the country .  he says it is 'almost impossible to be proud of nigeria , ' but there is a hop .
 third time lucky for li na at australian open <sec> li na beats dominika cibulkova in straight sets to win the australian open .  it 's li 's second grand slam title after she won the 2011 french open .  rafael nadal goes for 14th grand slam title against stanislas wawrinka on sunda .
 mubarak 's personal photographer wrote novel about corruption <sec> ahmed mourad spent his days with president hosni mubarak and his evenings writing about his regime .  he said he knew he was taking a risk .  his novel `` vertigo '' has just been published in englis .
 bombings , shootings leave 23 dead in iraq <sec> bombs , shootings wrack sunni districts in northern iraq .  the worst attack kills 16 people in samarra .  iraq has seen months of escalating violence between its shiite and sunni population .
 midnights in moscow , post-soviet style <sec> the preserved body of vladimir lenin is on display in moscow 's red square .  moscow has been named the world 's most expensive city .  izmailovsky market has the best souvenir shopping at reasonable prices .  ireport.com : show us your travel snapshot .
 button suffers blow ahead of japan gp <sec> jenson button to serve five-place grid penalty at the japanese grand prix .  the mclaren driver punished after a new gearbox had to be fitted to his car .  f1 rules dictate a driver must use the same gearbox for five races in a row .  the japanese grand prix takes place at suzuka on sunda .
 appreciation for roger ebert , the everyman 's movie critic <sec> at a time when critics mostly hailed from the coasts , he was a midwesterner people related to .  he had a firm , plain , brooking-no-claptrap voice and said exactly what he thought .  there were controversies here and there , but nobody denies his impact on movie criticism .  ebert , 70 , lost his battle with cancer thursda .
 jordan 's ambassador to libya is kidnapped in tripoli <sec> jordan 's foreign minister holds kidnappers responsible for ambassador 's safety .  masked gunmen attacked the jordanian ambassador 's convoy , the foreign ministry says .  libya 's prime minister steps down after an attack on his family .  officials have frequently been targeted and intimidated by militia group .
 fact check : would repeal of obamacare hike seniors ' drug costs ? <sec> the candidates sparred over health care claims .  obama : `` we were able to lower prescription drug cost for seniors '' .  obama : repealing health care law would hurt those saving .
 vacation tips on how to truly unplug <sec> no vacation nation : even when we 're on holiday , our gadgets can keep us from relaxing .  authors say setting rules about when to use phones , laptops and other devices is crucial .  need to get extreme ? .  ask friends to change your online passwords until you 're bac .
 dutch prince johan friso dies 17 months after avalanche <sec> dutch prince johan friso suffered a brain injury in an avalanche in february 2012 .  after being treated in austria , he stayed at a london hospital for more than a year .  he was discharged last month and was sent to the hague , where he was treated at hom .
 ireporter shakes off 170 pounds <sec> deidre robinson went from a size 24 to a size 2 and opened a fitness studio .  robinson 's family did n't understand why she was overweight growing up .  her daughter encouraged her to get fit so they could participate in activities togethe .
 can obama persuade voters to turn to him again ? <sec> the democratic national convention is held in charlotte , north carolina , this week .  ruben navarrette : hope and change need to make room for humility and contrition .  he says obama has disappointed many parts of the coalition that helped elect him .  navarrette : we 'll find out if obama can unite and inspire the democratic base agai .
 you do n't know jack ( nicholson ) <sec> marc eliot has written an unauthorized biography of jack nicholson .  the writer covers his career and unorthodox lifestyle .  the tome is filled with tidbits that fans may not know abou .
 opinion : obamacare does n't kill jobs <sec> the cbo updated its budget and economic outlook ; many in the media got it wrong .  aaron carroll : the claim that cbo projects millions of jobs lost because of obamacare is false .  he says cbo says there will be a reduction in supply of labor ; this is actually a good thing .  carroll : because obamacare would provide benefits , people can choose to stop workin .
 rights group accuses myanmar of 'ethnic cleansing ' <sec> human rights watch accuses myanmar of tacitly supporting violence against its rohingya population .  the rohingya are a stateless muslim minority thought to number between 800,000 and one million .  the report says security forces stood by as mobs murdered rohingyas and destroyed their properties .  hrw warns that displaced people in camps faced a further humanitarian crisis as aid is obstructe .
 fur on the catwalk : is it worth the controversy ? <sec> fur was omnipresent in the fall and winter collections at new york fashion week .  fur industry insider says designers approve of their chain of production and find it humane .  animal rights designers say faux fur can be luxurious and stylish , and is a viable alternativ .
 cnn poll : libertarian could be spoiler in n.c. race - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a new cnn poll shows that the u.s. senate race in north carolina remains tight .  sen. kay hagan holds a narrow edge over her gop challenger .  a libertarian candidate may be pulling part of the republican vot .
 artists from germany claim brooklyn bridge flag switch <sec> two german artists say switch of flags above brooklyn bridge was `` art project '' .  their claims are being taken seriously , two law enforcement officials tell cnn .  mysterious white flags were spotted atop the brooklyn bridge last month .  nypd commissioner calls incident a `` matter of concern .
 rossi races to 100th career victory <sec> world motogp champion valentino rossi cruises to 100th victory of his career .  italian wins alice tt assen race in netherlands by more than five seconds .  yamaha team-mate jorge lorenzo claims second place , casey stoner third .  rossi takes outright lead in the championships standing .
 dominique strauss-kahn : i felt 'trapped , humiliated ' <sec> the former imf head acknowledges `` moral weakness '' .  he denies any sexual assault took place at a new york hotel .  the woman 's attorneys question his claim of consensual sex .  strauss-kahn denies attempting to assault french writer tristane bano .
 cnn student news - january 12 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 egyptian tycoon gets 15 years in pop star 's murder <sec> one of egypt 's richest and most powerful men has now been found guilty twice .  he was sentenced to death after an earlier trial but got a retrial .  the court found he paid another man $ 2 million to murder susanne tami .
 'casablanca ' piano set for auction <sec> one of the two pianos in `` casablanca '' will be auctioned at sotheby 's friday .  the prop was a central part in the flashback sequence at la belle aurore .  the estimated price for the piano is $ 800,000 to $ 1.2 millio .
 japan in final stages of talks to buy disputed islands , prime minister says <sec> new : noda says recent tensions with south korea are `` regrettable '' .  china vowed this week to defend its `` territorial integrity '' .  the islands are privately owned by a japanese family .  the japanese premier says the government is close to a deal to buy the .
 suspect in newark airport security breach released <sec> new : haison jiang , 28 , of piscataway , faces a charge of defiant trespass .  video shows man walking wrong way through security to greet a woman .  tsa officer left post after talking to the man , before man breached securit .
 opinion : sometimes you never find the crash site <sec> sylvia adcock says there have been previous flights that vanished and were never found .  adcock : when a plane goes down in a remote area with no witnesses , radar is crucial tool .  adcock : it 's nearly impossible to crisscross such a large area in low-flying planes and boats .  she says radar wo n't work without transponders : did they malfunction ? .  did plane land .
 tunisian union wants inquiry into demonstrator deaths <sec> clashes break out in suburb of capital .  workers union calls for investigation into deaths of tunisian protesters .  amnesty international says the death toll from unrest is at least 23 .  demonstrators are demanding the government improve social service .
 pope francis and benedict have a hand in new encyclical <sec> the encyclical is the first to be released under pope francis .  it was largely written by pope emeritus benedict , before he resigned from the papacy .  the 84-page text highlights the importance of faith .  faith helps man `` distinguish from good and evil , '' francis write .
 how organs are selected for transplant <sec> surgeon says shortage of donors mean they must use imperfect organs .  49 percent of last year 's lung donors in the uk were smokers .  u.s. data suggest one in 5,000 donated organs may have a tumor .  organs are thoroughly tested for suitability before transplant , says surgeo .
 security contractor 'dumping ' background checks <sec> new : allegated acts are `` contrary to our values , '' company says .  u.s . .  investigations services charged with false statements , breach of contract .  it is alleged they used a computer program to `` flush '' or `` dump '' background checks .  prosecutors say at least 665,000 background investigations were involve .
 freed journalist : 'we are so happy to be home ' <sec> new : sister says freed journalist is looking forward to eating fresh food , resting .  journalist laura ling expresses gratitude for her and euna lee 's release .  clinton helps secure two journalists ' release from north korea .  two journalists arrested in march near north korea-china borde .
 in japan , biden promises to press china on airspace dispute <sec> vice president joe biden , visiting japan , meets with prime minister shinzo abe .  central to their talks was an ongoing air zone dispute with china .  biden : `` the united states has an interest in the lowering of tensions in this vital region .
 cannes : movie-maker courts controversy with mh370 thriller <sec> movie-makers say they 're making thriller based on disappearance of malaysian flight mh370 .  producer denies making such a film now could be considered offensive to the families of 239 aboard .  movie-makers claim they have recruited a number of leading hollywood technicians to hel .
 fake alli diet pills can pose health risks <sec> counterfeit pills sold online contain excessive amount of drug , fda says .  excess sibutramine can cause heart palpitations , sleeplessness , nausea .  fake pills also lack active ingredient in real diet dru .
 official : 160 girls poisoned at afghan school <sec> poison may have been sprayed into classrooms before girls entered , police spokesman says .  girls complained of headaches , dizziness and vomiting ; many remain hospitalized .  it 's the second such poisoning in a week 's time .  a police spokesman blamed the taliban , which has demanded the closure of some school .
 america lives under the shadow of george w. bush <sec> julian zelizer : for all the criticism bush got , two key policies have survived .  he says fiscal cliff pact perpetuates nearly all of bush 's tax cuts .  obama administration has largely followed bush 's homeland security policy , he says .  zelizer : by squeezing revenues , bush tax cuts will put pressure on spendin .
 violence , vandalism rock g-20 protests <sec> protests erupt in toronto as meetings begin .  police arrest at least 300 protesters outside summit .  g-20 meeting focusing on recovery from global financial crisis .  u.n. chief says world leaders must help poor as they balance budget .
 young jeezy charged with beating teen son <sec> jeezy -- real name is jay wayne jenkins -- was released on $ 45,000 bond friday .  he has a court date for january 29 on for battery , terroristic threats and false imprisonment .  son tells police dad said : `` i 'll put a bullet in your head right now .
 police arrest third suspect in st. maarten killings <sec> the 20-year-old man was sent to st. maarten from st. thomas .  the suspect is expected to appear before a judge on monday .  michael and thelma king were found stabbed to death in their hom .
 judge blocks pennsylvania voter id law for november election <sec> new : several states have laws requiring photo ids to vote .  some argue the laws aim to suppress traditionally democratic minority vote .  tuesday 's ruling only applies to next month 's presidential election .  supporters say the law prevents fraud ; detractors say it disenfranchises voter .
 u.s. special forces rescue somalia aid workers <sec> u.s. state department was in close contact with denmark about the raid .  rescued american 's father was `` flabbergasted '' when obama called him with the news .  prime minister raila odinga of neighboring kenya says he backs more u.s. action in somalia .  jessica buchanan and poul thisted were kidnapped in october in somali .
 feds : bombing suspect made damaging statement during prison visit <sec> dzhokhar tsarnaev is charged in connection with bombings that killed three people and wounded more than 250 others .  prosecutors say he allegedly made a `` statement to his detriment '' during a prison visit by his sister .  his trial is set for november .
 ship captain saw 'black rain ' before drill rig blast <sec> alwin landry 's supply vessel was alongside deepwater horizon at time of blast .  landry said first sign of trouble was when drilling `` mud '' began falling onto his ship .  captain radioed rig 's bridge and was warned he should move his ship away .  rig sank april 22 , two days after explosion ; 11 presumed dead ; oil still gushing into gul .
 samaras sworn in as head of new greek government <sec> the new government will be sworn in thursday , greek state media says .  new prime minister antonis samaras meets his coalition partners for talks .  international leaders see the new government as the best alternative , an analyst says .  the greek crisis threatens european economic stabilit .
 u.s. naval ship grounded off japanese coast <sec> a cargo ship has run aground 6 nautical miles off the coast of uruma , japan .  no one was hurt , and crew remains on board , u.s. navy say .
 glen campbell cancels 'goodbye ' shows in australia , nz <sec> new : campbell `` realizes that he can not handle the extremely long travel that is required , '' rep says .  glen campbell , 76 , will perform the final shows on his u.s. tour this month and in october .  campbell began the world tour last year after he went public with his alzheimer 's diagnosis .  his family surrounds him on the stage to help in case he becomes disoriente .
 plea deal for woman with 'stand your ground ' defense <sec> marissa alexander unsuccessfully invoked florida 's 'stand your ground ' law .  she initially was sentenced to 20 years in prison for firing a gun inside her house .  her lawyer : `` she wanted to get the case over with and get back to her family '' .  first conviction was overturned by an appeals court , deal gives her shorter sentenc .
 obama demands football toss rematch with christie <sec> president barack obama and new jersey gov . .  chris christie once had a warm relationship .  obama recounted their time playing games on the boardwalk .  the two are now less friendly , with christie moving towards a likely presidential ru .
 zakaria : mccain 's vp decision is 'fundamentally irresponsible ' <sec> fareed zakaria says john mccain did not put country first with his choice .  palin should bow out saying she wants `` to spend more time with her family , '' he says .  zakaria : this is `` hell of a time '' for palin to start thinking about national , global issue .
 clash in cotai : manny pacquiao , brandon rios to fight in macau <sec> manny pacquiao to fight brandon rios in the `` biggest '' boxing match ever in china .  cotai arena , where the match will take place , is located in a $ 2.4b resort and seats 15,000 .  boxing was banned in china by mao zedong in 1959 ; ban was lifted in 198 .
 syria refugee crisis : time to step up ( opinion ) <sec> hamdi ulukaya : world must do more to assist syrian refugees .  governments must find spirit of previous refugee crises , he says .  he calls on other entrepreneurs to join in pressing governments to do mor .
 support memorial for disabled vets <sec> gary sinise , lois pope and arthur wilson say many return from war disabled .  yesterday was groundbreaking for the american veterans disabled for life memorial .  the monument will be reminder of those who return from war , injured , changed .  writers : fundraising , construction remain for monument ; americans should support i .
 lawmaker wants pakistan to police fertilizer used in ieds <sec> pakistan needs to put safeguards in place , says u.s. sen. robert casey .  u.s. military : 84 % of afghan ieds are made from fertilizer made in pakistan .  pakistani official says joint effort on both sides of the border is needed .  `` it 's an extremely porous border , '' says rand corp. officia .
 retired bishop , priest arrested on child sex abuse charges <sec> a retired bishop and a retired priest have been arrested by british police on suspicion of sexual offences .  the pair are understood to have worked alongside each other in the chichester diocese .  police say the church of england is co-operating fully with them .  sussex police insists that there are `` no allegations of recent or current offending .
 shipping giant looks to china to combat downturn <sec> last year maersk downgraded its growth estimates from 4 % to 3 % .  by 2020 the shipping company hopes to increase its oil production by 50 % .  this year maersk line will launch the first mega-ship into its fleet -- the triple e vesse .
 u.s. journalists head home from north korea <sec> laura ling , euna lee pardoned , leave country with bill clinton .  clinton negotiates pardon with leader kim jong il .  `` clinton expressed sincere words of apology , '' north korea says .  visit comes amid tension over north korea 's nuclear progra .
 residents patrol philadelphia streets over concerns of serial killer <sec> a resident watch group is forming to protect a neighborhood from a serial killer .  the 12-member unit has been patrolling philadelphia 's kensington district since friday .  philadelphia police are looking for a serial strangler responsible for at least 3 homicides .  police are investigating three recent assaults suspected to be linked to the killing .
 msnbc panelist suspended after obama insult <sec> new : hosts told commentator he was on delay , `` go for it '' .  time columnist mark halperin has been kicked off msnbc indefinitely .  he has delivered both on-air and written apologies for the remar .
 stephen colbert must be stopped ! <sec> comedian dean obeidallah : stephen colbert is considering running for president .  he channels colbert , satirically calls his candidacy a threat to our way of life .  obeidallah : why do media coddle colbert just because he calls himself a `` comedian .
 joe paterno and the stained soul of penn state <sec> roy peter clark : legendary penn state coach paterno is like a mythical paternal figure .  he says loyalty to him holds echoes of catholic , italian-american reverence for pope .  he says perhaps sandusky sex abuse hushed for fear it would stain soul of penn state `` church '' .  clark : time to dismantle this `` church '' and stop protecting its fathers from their sin .
 aziz ansari gets 'buried alive ' <sec> ansari 's new special will stream on netflix .  he 's released his material via different methods .  ansari says fans come for his comedy , not because he 's on a hit sho .
