 arab women directors find acclaim worldwide <sec> arab women directors will be showcased in a forthcoming film festival in london .  their films have picked up awards at film festivals around the world .  the directors say their gender presents no particular obstacle to success in a tough industry .  increased film funding from gulf countries in recent years has boosted arab cinem .
 nyc mayor to probe claims that workers delayed snow cleanup <sec> new : sanitation officers association denies allegations of a worker slowdown .  new york gov . .  david paterson calls for an investigation .  sanitation workers union leader says he is unaware of any slowdown .  `` it would be an outrage if it took place , '' mayor michael bloomberg say .
 coal exec pleads guilty , points to former ceo in mine probe <sec> new : ex-coal exec says former ceo was part of scheme to hide hazards .  new : `` people often remember untrue things '' when facing prison , ex-ceo 's lawyer says .  david hughart gets up to six years in prison after pleading guilty to two conspiracy counts .  the probe stems from the 2010 upper big branch mine explosion , which killed 2 .
 u.s. striker wambach breaks mia hamm 's world record <sec> abby wambach becomes the highest goalscorer in women 's international football .  the striker scored four goals as the united states beat south korea 5-0 .  wambach moves onto 160 goals , overtaking previous record holder mia hamm .  wambach made her debut for the u.s. against germany in september 200 .
 decomposition evidence in casey anthony 's trunk , lab says <sec> preliminary lab tests say decomposition evidence could be human , report says .  tests also find `` unusually large concentration of chloroform '' in trunk .  casey anthony is charged with first-degree murder in daughter 's disappearance .  lawyer 's spokesman says evidence does n't link casey to any wrongdoin .
 south sudan : what 's going on <sec> the world 's newest country descends into violence and chaos .  the united nations scrambles to ease the carnage and protect civilians .  150 marines are positioned in djibouti to help evacuate americans .  the united states urges opposing leaders to talk instead of figh .
 bmw oracle win america 's cup opener <sec> bmw oracle have taken a 1-0 lead in the best-of-three america 's cup series .  the american challengers beat swiss champions alinghi by over 15 minutes on friday .  the second race of the best-of-three series will take place in valencia on sunda .
 ex-liberian president 's son convicted of torture <sec> charles `` chuckie '' taylor jr. is also known as charles mcarthur emmanuel .  prosecutors : taylor was leader of groups that burned and beat people .  taylor guilty of torture and conspiracy to commit torture .  he is first to be tried under law allowed overseas torture acts to be tried in u.s .
 prop 8 is simply unconstitutional <sec> lisa bloom : heterosexuals may marry in jail , after one-night stands , many times over .  yet , bloom says , longtime same-sex couples with children ca n't marry .  bloom writes that the constitution demands end to discriminatory proposition 8 .  she says prop 8 violates the constitution 's guarantee of equal protection under the la .
 yahoo work-from-home policy riles workers everywhere <sec> yahoo 's new policy will encourage innovation , some workers say .  requiring workers to go to the office may hurt morale , others argue .  working from home increased by 73 % between 2005 and 2011 , according to a stud .
 'glee ' : lady gaga , britney spears covers among season 4 music <sec> `` glee '' debuted some of the music from season 4 .  the songs were premiered on the show 's facebook page .  no footage of the new episodes was feature .
 sol kerzner profile <sec> kerzner was born in johannesburg , south africa , in 1935 .  his first hotel purchase was the palace hotel in durban , in 1960 .  kerzner was the first non-american in the u.s. gaming hall of fam .
 killer of jennifer hudson relatives gets three life sentences without parole <sec> william balfour gets 3 life sentences without parole , plus 120 years .  the sentence is fitting given the `` inhumane nature '' of the killings , prosecutor says .  balfour was convicted of killing the entertainer 's mother , brother and 7-year-old nephew .  prosecutors portrayed him as a jealous man who murdered the three in a rag .
 panama prepares for noriega 's arrival <sec> new : the foreign ministry says noriega will arrive in panama sunday .  `` noriega 's life could very well be at risk in panama , '' the foreign minister says .  panamanian officials want him to face charges there .  the former dictator has been convicted of crimes in the u.s. and franc .
 what is behind nigeria fuel protests ? <sec> nigeria 's government removed fuel subsidy on new year 's day ending .  thousands of nigerians have taken to the streets in protest over fuel subsidy removal .  price of fuel more than doubles amid anger from nigerian .
 funeral for vice principal who killed himself after ferry sinking <sec> kang min kyu , 52 , was vice principal at danwon high school .  initially rescued from the sinking ferry , he was found dead two days later .  in a suicide note , he expressed regret he survived while others die .
 review : 'beats , rhymes & life : the travels of a tribe called quest ' <sec> for hip-hop fans , the film offers frequent bits of interest , humor and musical delight .  phife dawg is a type-1 diabetic who undergoes a kidney transplant during the film .  michael rapaport has moderate success documenting the group 's rises and fall .
 typhoon hagupit barrels toward philippines <sec> the typhoon is expected to make landfall between eastern samar and northern samar .  it could hit north of tacloban , which suffered last year in super typhoon haiyan .  officials warn of heavy rain and storm surge .
 comet to pass by earth closely after meteor shower <sec> may camelopardalids meteor shower dazzles some , bores others .  but it 's connected to a comet making a rare close pass by earth , nasa says .  you can see 209p/linear with a telescope .  or you can catch it online at observatory service sloo .
 has the road to political redemption gotten shorter ? <sec> trio of disgraced politicians show that voters have gotten more forgiving .  disgraced former new york gov . .  eliot spitzer is latest to announce comeback bid .  political strategist says shorter turnaround reflects voters lower opinions of politicians .  others say americans have always been forgiving and avoid appearing judgmenta .
 three people killed as demonstrations turn deadly in tunisia <sec> three people are dead and nine injured after violence erupts at tunis demonstration .  more than 100 are arrested , accused of `` acts of destruction and burning '' .  protesters want the prime minister and parliament to resign .  protesters want assembly to write new constitution and oversee democratic transitio .
 nine breathtaking summer thrills <sec> in jamaica , thrill seekers tear through tropical forest in a bobsled on rails .  visitors to busch gardens in tampa can play tug-of-war with bengal tigers .  at piiholo ranch on maui take a ride on hawaii 's longest zip lin .
 chinese 'ghost mall ' back from the dead <sec> for a decade , the new south china mall has lain empty .  it was labeled a `` ghost mall '' -- symbol of china 's runaway speculation on real estate .  however , a recent visit showed it may be springing back to lif .
 brown 's quit offer sparks newspaper frenzy <sec> gordon brown announced he would stand down as labour leader in the autumn .  the sun , daily mail scathing about labour plan and liberal democrats ' `` double dealing '' .  guardian , telegraph said the announcement had caught out the conservative .
 winter storm closes 180 miles of i-40 in arizona <sec> new : flagstaff schools and colleges announce monday closures .  interstate 40 is closed from kingman east to winslow , official says .  portions of interstate 17 are also close .
 ex-l.a. teacher sentenced to 25 years in lewdness case <sec> mark berndt , 62 , taught at miramonte elementary school for more than 30 years .  he pleads no contest to felony lewd acts on 22 girls and one boy , ages 7 to 10 .  girls can no longer eat cookies , their mothers tell the court .  `` he deserves to be punished . .  back in the day , you burned them in wood , '' mom tells cour .
 muslims around the world end fast , usher in eid <sec> eid al-fitr marks end of ramadan -- dawn-to-dusk abstinence from food , drinks .  timing of eid varies around world depending on when crescent of new moon sighted .  on the morning of eid , muslims don new clothes and head to prayers .  on saturday barack obama offered greetings to american muslim .
 apple is the world 's most valuable brand <sec> apple and google are the only two brands in the world valued at over $ 100 billion .  apple tops the best global brands ranking for the second year in row .  tech companies and carmakers are heavily represented in the top 2 .
 guitarist jeff hanneman , founding member of slayer , dies <sec> new : musicians describe hanneman as a `` true master , '' `` metal god '' and `` legend '' .  hanneman was among those who founded the heavy metal band slayer in 1981 .  he co-wrote two songs on slayer 's landmark 1986 album , `` reign in blood '' .  he was at a california hospital when he suffered liver failure , his band say .
 twitter blocked in egypt amid street protests <sec> twitter says its site is being blocked in egypt .  egyptians took to the streets in what could be a sequel to the recent revolution in tunisia .  twitter , facebook and youtube were widely used in tunisia 's uprising and in iran last yea .
 colin powell on african-american fathers , volunteering <sec> retired gen. colin powell , wife founded america 's promise alliance to support youth .  powell : `` fathers have got to start doing their jobs '' .  `` all of our achievements over the last 50 or 60 years are being put at risk , '' powell says .  watch `` black men in the age of president obama , '' weekdays on hln at 4 p.m. e .
 protests as clinton holds meetings in egypt <sec> protesters pelt clinton 's motorcade with tomatoes and shoes .  clinton was not hit , but an egyptian official was .  clinton discusses egypt 's political transition with the head of egypt 's military leadership .  a day earlier , she met president morsy and urged him to assert his authorit .
 center-right fidesz party sweeps to victory in hungary <sec> fidesz won 263 of the 386 seats in parliament . .  the socialists won 59 .  a second round of balloting was held in 57 constituencies where no clear winner emerged .  fidesz promising tax cuts , new jobs to address hungary 's economic problems .  hungary was forced to take $ 27 billion loan in 2008 from the imf to keep its economy afloa .
 washington redskins owner dan snyder defends team name in letter <sec> washington redskins owner dan snyder explains why he wo n't change team 's name .  in a letter , he invokes the franchise 's `` great history , tradition and legacy '' .  representative of oneida nation invites snyder to speak with familie .
 susan rice defends bergdahl comments , calls his service 'honorable ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> cnn conducts interview with national security adviser susan rice .  bowe berghdahl is being `` tried in the court of public opinion , '' rice says .  rice says she never intentionally misled the public on benghazi or bergdahl .  she regrets that the information she provided on benghazi was wron .
 cuomo : we 're bringing college classes to new york 's prisons <sec> new york gov . .  andrew cuomo wants to give inmates the chance to earn a degree .  the program will offer college-level courses at 10 new york prisons this fall .  cuomo on state 's current incarceration system : `` we have little to show for it .
 typhoon haiyan 's destruction : cnn reporters on the ground <sec> cnn 's andrew stevens experienced the force of the typhoon in tacloban .  amid the chaos and destructio in the town , paula hancocks witnessed hope .  anna coren boarded a military cargo plane taking aid into the disaster zon .
 toiling kvitova exits in tokyo as fellow big guns march on <sec> petra kvitova crashes out of pan pacific open in tokyo .  2011 wimbledon champion goes out in second round to petra martic .  maria sharapova and caroline wozniacki advance to third round .  defending champion agnieszka radwanska also throug .
 2 chicago firefighters killed in blaze <sec> new : mayor calls deaths a tragedy .  deaths occur on 100th anniversary of massive chicago stockyards fire .  no life-threatening injuries among others who received treatment .  four firefighters were trapped briefly after the building 's roof collapse .
 beware cheaters : your lover 's spouse can sue you <sec> seven states allow for a scorned spouse to sue a paramour .  the `` alienation of affection '' suits stem from days when a wife was considered property .  some in legal circles are monitoring the tiger woods saga as a result .  divorce lawyer : `` you 've got to have a really affluent paramour that makes for a good target .
 justice department asked to look into cia/senate dispute <sec> justice department weighing whether to get involved .  cia inspector general asked prosecutors to look at allegations .  senate committee says cia monitored staff computers .  cia says senate staff was looking at unauthorized materia .
 police : 8 killed in highway crash outside new york <sec> police : four children , four adults killed in crash 30 miles north of new york .  three other people , including one child , being treated for injuries .  police : wreck involved three vehicles , including one going the wrong directio .
 chelsea 's premier league title hopes dip after upset loss <sec> chelsea suffers a shock 1-0 loss at relegation threatened crystal palace .  manchester city gains a point by tying arsenal 1-1 in the late kickoff .  chelsea leads liverpool by a point and city by two atop the table .  liverpool will go top of the premier league with a draw sunda .
 isis video shows beheading of steven sotloff <sec> `` stay tuned '' for plans to combat isis , a state department official says .  a video has emerged showing the 31-year-old journalist being beheaded .  footage threatens the life of another man .  isis beheaded journalist james foley ; in that video , the terrorist group threatened to kill sotlof .
 albanian prime minister 's brother 'disgusted ' by drone allegations <sec> prime minister of albania 's brother hits back at allegations .  serbian official told cnn that drone was controlled by olsi rama .  serbia vs. albania game abandoned after 41 minutes .  flag flown over stadium by drone sparked chao .
 girl , 15 , dies in amusement park ride accident <sec> a ride basket breaks in midair , falling onto another ride .  two people are seriously injured ; another victim walks away with minor injuries .  el pendulo ride is one of the main attractions at at the amusement park in barcelona , spain .  the park is closed sunday as an investigation begin .
 al-assad : 'syria will not bow down ' <sec> new : the local coordination committees say 12 are killed in violence .  officials say arab league representatives will meet again to discuss syria thursday .  the arab league rejects syria 's proposed changes to a plan to send observers to syria .  syria 's foreign minister says clarifications are needed to the arab league 's observer pla .
 samsung smartwatch : report says company to release watch before apple <sec> samsung expected to announce wristwatch-sized smartphone september 4 .  called the galaxy gear , the device would handle e-mail , phone calls and web surfing .  all the major tech companies are racing to release wearable computing device .
 cops : pennsylvania boy kills 90-year-old woman <sec> new : boy 's lawyer says his client `` really kind of does n't have an idea of what is going on '' .  tristen kurilla , 10 , is charged with homicide as an adult .  police say the boy admitted killing helen novak , 90 , after she yelled at him .  kurilla told police he grabbed a cane and put it against novak 's throat and punched he .
 toddler causes security breach at white house <sec> a toddler slips through the fence at the white house .  the security breach delays obama 's address on iraq .  the pint-sized intruder is back with his parent .
 boat owner tells cnn affiliate of discovering boston bombing suspect <sec> david henneberry was obsessed with how his boat was stowed in the backyard .  he noticed how protective pads fell to the ground .  contrary to police accounts , it was n't blood that tipped him off to something amiss .  when he re-inspected his boat , he eventually found the suspect and his trail of bloo .
 chris brown makes 'strides ' to sobriety , doctor says <sec> brown 's doctor : he 's `` working on personal growth '' and `` taking responsibility for his behaviors '' .  judge praises brown for his good probation report on wednesday .  the singer is still on probation for a 2009 attack on rihanna .  he 's on track to complete his probation next januar .
 jason aldean 's tour bus hits , kills man <sec> an indiana man stepped in front of aldean 's bus early monday , officials say .  aldean was traveling to illinois for a vacation after wrapping up his tour .  `` nothing prepares you for something like this to happen , '' aldean say .
 at least 6 accusers spent night in sandusky home , wife testifies <sec> one accuser also stayed in their hotel room during alamo bowl , dottie sandusky tells jury .  sandusky 's wife says she did n't witness any abuse .  sandusky says many young people will say he made a very positive impact on their life .  those comments were a part of an unaired portion of an nbc interview with bob costa .
 chad , sudan sign peace deal <sec> sudan , chad presidents sign agreement aiming to halt cross-border hostilities .  signing came after nearly two days of talks between presidents of sudan and chad .  each accuses other of supporting rebels that attempt to destabilize the government .  just hours before agreement , chad claimed rebels from sudan had crossed borde .
 senior muslim brotherhood leader essam el-erian arrested in egypt <sec> essam el-erian is detained by security forces in a suburb of cairo .  he is the vice chairman of the muslim brotherhood 's political wing .  authorities have arrested large numbers of the islamist movement 's leaders .  el-erian was one of the most senior brotherhood officials still at larg .
 downtown disney fish tank bursts <sec> t-rex cafe 's aquarium springs a leak .  workers rush to the tank to save fish .  restaurant guest caught the incident on vide .
 sudan president declares state of emergency along southern border <sec> a journalist in south sudan says sudanese forces attacked them sunday .  she was interviewing south sudan soldiers near the border .  tensions peaked this month after south sudan seized the heglig oil field .
 behavioral screening -- the future of airport security ? <sec> airport security screeners ' focus is shifting towards studying passengers ' intentions .  israeli companies have become leaders in developing security technology .  systems can detect signs of emotional strain , which may signal a passenger 's intent .  other programs can study passengers ' voice patterns for signs of stres .
 u.s. marine general takes over nato forces in afghanistan <sec> marine gen. joseph dunford replaces gen john allen as isaf commander .  dunford will over the final two years of the war and the withdrawal of troops .  dunford assumed command during a ceremony in kabu .
 wwii biplane flips during landing <sec> wwii-era biplane flips while landing at reagan national airport near washington , d.c . .  the flight was part of a promotion for the movie `` legends of flight '' .  the plane was a 1943 stearman , a popular training aircraft during the war .  nobody was injured in the cras .
 how it happened : tracing typhoon haiyan 's havoc in the philippines <sec> more than 700,000 filipinos evacuated before the storm , but some of them still died .  the mayor of hard-hit tacloban says many emergency workers became victims .  parents and children were ripped apart when a 16-foot wall of ocean water crushed tacloban .  some residents have gone several days without food or wate .
 van der sar : ferguson will lead united to derby success <sec> former manchester united goalkeeper says alex ferguson will have a key role in derby .  edwin van der sar is hoping for a 1-1 draw between rivals man united and man city .  the 41-year-old believes manchester derby has grown in importance in last year .  defending champions united hold three-point lead ahead of game at city 's home groun .
 afghan candidate claims vote fraud , demands end to count <sec> candidate abdullah abdullah wants vote count stopped .  he says he is recalling his party monitors from election commission offices .  on twitter , abdullah says , `` this process is not transparent at all '' .  election commission spokesman : time for complaints is after a winner is announce .
