 30-vehicle accident , bad weather cause highway 's closure in colorado <sec> new : all parts of interstate 70 in colorado are now reopened , the state says .  bad weather shuts down stretches of the highway in several locales .  that includes a 30-car accident amid `` blizzard conditions '' in vail , an official say .
 lawmakers , celebrities targeted in alleged phone-hacking scandal <sec> guardian newspaper : cell phones of `` several thousand public figures '' hacked .  celebrities include gwyneth paltrow , george michael and elle macpherson .  allegations against news of the world staff during one month in 2006 .  london 's metropolitan police rule out a new investigatio .
 brazilian police probe chevron oil spill <sec> the oil slick in the campos basin is about 163 square kilometers .  chevron said an assessment well was the source of the spill .  the spill does not appear to threaten rio 's famed beaches , anp say .
 nrc begins enforcement of post-fukushima safety recommendations <sec> plants have until 2016 to comply with orders .  the recommendations were made after last year 's disaster in japan .  one order involves plants with structures similar to that of fukushima daiich .
 turkey 's tourist hotspot hopes to harness sun for power <sec> antalya has launched a long-term initiative to become a climate-friendly city .  turkey 's tourist hotspot wants to use solar power to generate electricity .  the country has been slow in developing a sound solar industr .
 key house committee passes health care bill <sec> bill passes 31-28 in house energy and commerce committee before recess .  bill calls for public reimbursement rates to be negotiated with insurance industry .  some complain that concessions to conservative blue dogs weaken public option .  bill will be merged with versions from two other panels before going to chambe .
 'biggest loser ' trainer : dumbbells and diets do n't get you in shape <sec> brett hoebel loves mixed martial arts like capoeira and muay thai kickboxing .  hoebel has trained celebrities such as victoria 's secret supermodel karolina kurkova .  the trainer is now a judge on the online reality show `` fit or flop .
 for eggheads , grilling is a way of life <sec> big green egg fanatics call themselves `` eggheads , '' spread the gospel .  adam frey grilled outdoors everyday in six degree weather .  leroy mcmillin built a `` coop '' for his three eggs .  ireport.com : are you a grill master ? .  show us your custom grill .
 philippine helicopters fire rockets at muslim rebels in zamboanga siege <sec> the helicopters carry out a 20-minute attack on rebel positions in zamboanga city .  the armed forces are trying to `` constrict '' the rebels ' positions , a spokesman says .  authorities estimate that more than 60 people have been killed during the crisis .  the unrest in and around the port city has displaced more than 60,000 peopl .
 cnn student news - may 9 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 oklahoma community mourns young family <sec> new : preacher says he found funeral for mom , four kids `` difficult '' .  300 mourners attended service at redlands community college .  bodies found january 12 in apartment in el reno , oklahoma .  woman 's boyfriend , joshua steven durcho , admitted choking her , affidavit say .
 habitat park or 'animal concentration camp ' ? <sec> a proposed bill would create `` habitat parks '' for stray animals in turkey .  protesters oppose the measure , saying the parks would be `` concentration camps '' .  supporters say strays would be fed and sheltered at the parks .  turkey denies allegations that it is rounding up stray .
 protests feature demands , die-ins <sec> daughter of eric garner says officers should go to prison .  demonstrators marching in new york hand out list of demands that starts with police firings .  about 1,000 people in one protest in boston area , police estimate .  protests came after jury opted not to indict officer who put garner in a chokehol .
 actress misty upham 's body found <sec> coroner says the cause of death is still under investigation .  police say a purse containing upham 's id was found with the body .  actress was last seen october 5 and reported missing the next day .  upham appeared in `` august : osage county '' and `` frozen river .
 5 destinations to explore in qatar <sec> qatar is a small middle-eastern nation with hot and humid summers .  al-corniche , the road running along the coast of doha , provides beautiful views .  souq waqif is one of the most traditional and popular market places in the cit .
 colombian paramilitary leader killed <sec> president santos praises the national police operation .  paramilitary leader pedro guerrero was killed in the raid .  the operation took place on christmas .  two police officers were killed in the confrontatio .
 survivors recount narrow escape from deadly peshawar market bombing <sec> explosion hits bustling marketplace in peshawar killing at least 100 people .  10 children among those killed at meena bazaar .  more than 200 people injured in the blast which left a 10-foot-wide crater .  incident comes as u.s. secretary of state hillary clinton visits islamaba .
 nepal 's prime minister tenders resignation <sec> girija prasad koirala announces his resignation as nepal 's prime minister .  koirala made his announcement thursday to the constituent assembly .  koirala 's resignation paves way for formation of new coalition governmen .
 'abe ii ' on mission to redeem japan and himself <sec> kingston : it appears that abe 's diplomacy aims to strengthen japan 's hand vis-a-vis china .  beijing 's growing assertiveness in territorial disputes has raised tensions , left china diplomatically isolate .  japan 's new prime minister is on a mission to reinvigorate the japanese economy .  abe seeking to reassure partners , voters at home , that japan will remain a major global playe .
 women wo n't stand for abortion-rights rollback <sec> cecile richards : louisiana latest state in south to pass bill limiting where women can get abortion .  she says laws an anti-abortion strategy ; require docs to have admitting privileges at hospitals .  richards : roe v. wade justices did n't envision women traveling hundreds of miles for abortion .  richards : women wo n't stand for this . .  politicians on the wrong side of this issue will be ouste .
 from turkey , with pride <sec> more than 1,000 submissions flooded cnn ireport over the turkey protests .  many posts took the form of open letters from protesters keen for their voice to be heard .  social media for protesters became a method of documenting and raising awarenes .
 uk couple defend son 's assisted suicide at swiss clinic <sec> young rugby player , paralyzed after accident , commits suicide in switzerland .  police interview man and woman about the death of daniel james , 23 .  it is illegal in uk and much of europe to assist with suicide .  assisted suicide is legal in switzerland , netherlands , belgium , luxembour .
 left-leaning humala wins peruvian presidential election <sec> new : ollanta humala 's opponent , keiko fujimori , concedes , state news reports .  new : with more than 90 % of the ballots counted , humala has 51.5 % of the vote .  new : the peruvian stock market dropped on news of humala 's likely victory .  new : humala has promised to spread the benefits of peru 's economic boom to the poo .
 car-truck crash kills zimbabwe prime minister 's wife , injures him <sec> new : prime minister morgan tsvangirai in stable condition , sources say .  analyst : crash could exacerbate fragile unity government with president mugabe .  head-on collision bound to raise suspicion of foul play , analysts say .  ex-u.s. diplomat says other mugabe foes have died in car crashe .
 helping 'smart ' devices talk to each other <sec> with the internet of things , regular appliances and objects could evolve into tech products .  sensors will appear in cars , homes , toasters , clothing and more .  one company is trying to connect all of those devices with a common language .  expert : connected devices are the internet 's third revolutio .
 opinion : can cassette tapes be cool again ? <sec> mark coleman : september brought cassette store day . .  why celebrate this ? .  let 's play along .  organizers wanted to stimulate a resurgence of cassette tapes , first sold in the '60s , he says .  he says cassette tapes warred with vinyl and 8-track tapes for dominance , sometimes winning .  coleman : their quality improved , though they fell from favor . .  but still a cultural touchston .
 underwater hockey gains popularity in the united states <sec> underwater hockey is popular in australia , new zealand , south africa and canada .  it 's gaining popularity in the u.s. , but ca n't be `` picked up on the corner lot '' like other sports .  players try to push a 3-pound puck at the bottom of a pool into goals .  `` this is for people who are true athletes , '' one player say .
 federal workers rack up nearly $ 8 million in travel costs <sec> general services administration is under scrutiny for its lavish spending .  the issue came to light after report found it spent $ 823,000 on las vegas conference .  congress is investigating its spending practices .  gsa says recent clampdown on travel , conferences has saved $ 11 millio .
 'blade runner ' wins olympic appeal <sec> court of arbitration for sport backs double amputee sprinter in olympic bid .  iaaf had ruled that oscar pistorius ' prosthetic blades give him unfair advantage .  south african , 21 , hopes to compete at this summer 's beijing olympics .  pistorius holds paralympic world records at 100 , 200 , and 400 meter .
 record sum needed to handle refugee burden on lebanon from syria <sec> new : funding call to handle the entire refugee crisis breaks record as well .  one in five people in lebanon are refugees from syria 's war .  u.n. : 2014 's financial needs for lebanon are only 5 % funded .  nearly 1,600 refugee camps dot the country , which is smaller than the state of connecticu .
 van der sloot remains jailed as murder investigation continues <sec> joran van der sloot will be detained for another 7 days while investigation continues .  netherlands embassy says it is working with local authorities .  victim beaten by tennis racquet , authorities say .  van der sloot facing charges of killing a peruvian woma .
 death toll rises in latest round of flooding in vietnam <sec> heavy rains and severe flooding in central vietnam led to the deaths of 20 people .  over 30 inches of rain in one day triggered heavy flooding .  over 150,000 homes were submerged .  two weeks earlier , 66 people in region died after record-setting rains and subsequent floodin .
 leading house gop figure 's compromise plan gets shot down <sec> rep. tom cole floated idea of negotiating tax cuts leaving out earners over $ 250,000 .  house speaker john boehner and other conservatives reject his idea .  cole says major issues should be worked out in the debate next yea .
 'carmegeddon ' ends early , while los angeles drivers change habits <sec> new : interstate 405 reopened 17 hours ahead of schedule .  new : los angeles traffic dropped by two-thirds because of dire gridlock warnings .  new : `` we can get out of our car once in a while and survive , '' mayor villaraigosa says .  `` carmegeddon '' was not the traffic nightmare predicted for los angeles driver .
 pen farthing is 2014 's cnn hero of the year <sec> the 2014 cnn hero of the year is pen farthing , founder of nowzad dogs .  nowzad , named after the dog farthing adopted in afghanistan , reunites soldiers with strays .  farthing : `` i know that the dog i looked after was my saving grace from the stress of conflict .
 australia getting 'soft ' says swim coach <sec> swim coach says australian athletes are too busy socializing and getting `` soft '' .  ken wood also trained china 's double gold winner ye shiwen .  other athletes say australia 's performance in the olympics has different factor .
 georgia foils mutiny at military base ahead of training activities <sec> new : georgian authorities release recording of man saying `` russia will come '' .  russia denies involvement , accuses tbilisi of `` yet another anti-russian prank '' .  authorities believe mutiny intended to disrupt nato exercises this week in georgia .  russia says it disagrees with nato plans to conduct exercise .
 michael jackson to make 'announcement ' in london <sec> musician schedules news conference for thursday at o2 arena .  one news outlet says he will hold series of summer concerts .  jackson 's physical and financial health have been subject of rumor .
 plan to use teen as bait leads to rape at school , suit alleges <sec> 14-year-old girl with special needs allegedly was raped in alabama school in 2010 .  amicus brief : teacher 's aide had girl meet accused sexual predator in a boys ' restroom .  plan was to `` catch him in the act , '' but it went awry and girl was raped , brief states .  appeals court to decide whether to hear claims that officials violated girl 's civil right .
 panel recommends approving truvada to prevent hiv infection <sec> advisory committee recommends truvan be approved as a preventive .  the fda does not have to follow the recommendations of its advisory committees .  the panel looked at safety and efficacy data from 3 clinical trial .
 report : victim in new york chopper crash dies on her birthday <sec> the victim was traveling with family members .  the pilot radioed ahead about problems with the aircraft .  sonia marra got trapped in the helicopter , mayor say .
 how far can the president go on executive actions ? <sec> after congress failed to act , obama is considering executive actions on immigration issues .  obama could expand deferrals to shield some undocumented immigrants from deportation .  immigration advocates are pushing obama to act broadly to bring down deportations .  but the questions are what can obama do legally and does he have the political capital .
 african union elects its first woman leader <sec> nkosazana dlamini-zuma is south africa 's home affairs minister .  she is also the ex-wife of south african president jacob zuma .  she had to claim a two-thirds majority to win the electio .
 meet this year 's top 10 cnn heroes <sec> the top 10 cnn heroes of 2014 each receive $ 25,000 for their efforts to help change the world .  they will also be honored at the annual tribute show , which airs sunday , december 7 .  the hero of the year , chosen by cnn 's global audience , receives an additional $ 100,00 .
 killing of embassy bombings mastermind deprives al qaeda of key figure <sec> fazul abdullah mohammed was an elusive and talented bombmaker .  u.s. officials confirmed it was mohammed through dna tests .  al-shabaab figure musa dheere was also killed , kenyan officials say .  expert says their deaths `` removed the top half of the al qaeda network 's explosives expertise '' in the regio .
 south sudan ferry accident kills women , children fleeing fighting <sec> army spokesman says hundreds drowned in a ferry accident as they fled fighting .  the ferry was carrying women and children when it overturned on a river , he says .  south sudan erupted into violence in mid-december .  more than 350,000 people have been displaced by the fighting , says united nation .
 taliban , allies form leadership council <sec> five jihadist groups will coordinate efforts , a pakistani taliban spokesman says .  fugitive mullah omar has asked pakistani groups to work together , the spokesman says .  a leaflet calls for an end to the killings of innocent peopl .
 chelsea star drogba battles malaria <sec> chelsea striker didier drogba discovers reason for his recent lack of health .  drogba has missed recent matches and started on the bench against liverpool on sunday .  manager carlo ancelotti confirms drogba has contracted malaria but is now recovering well .  manchester united hit by illness and injury ahead of wednesday 's local derb .
 south africa xenophobic attacks : how did we get here ? <sec> zimbabweans make up the largest group of immigrants in south africa .  attackers have targeted foreigners and their businesse .
 'sex 's ' parker : reunion was 'very , very special ' <sec> sarah jessica parker : `` sex and the city '' `` has been a dream '' .  rumors of friction ? .  `` beneath me to keep defending myself '' .  marriage to matthew broderick works because pair lives normal n.y. lif .
 dying girl 's plight sparks fight over organ transplants <sec> 10-year-old sarah murnaghan could die within weeks if she does n't get new lungs .  rules allow children to be prioritized for similar size organs , but not adult organs .  a lawmaker calls on hhs secretary sebelius to convene a meeting immediately .  the agency managing organ donations and transplants says breaking rules could hurt patient .
 google 's marissa mayer : passion is a gender-neutralizing force <sec> marissa mayer was google 's first female engineer and one of its first 20 hires .  she now oversees the company 's push into maps and localization .  her advice : work somewhere you feel comfortable , then get out of your comfort zon .
 dazed and confused , the music industry still has n't found what it 's looking for <sec> the future of the digital music business is still uncertain .  taylor swift recently pulled out of streaming service spotify .  next big sound uses social data to predict future hits .  `` streaming is the way of the future , '' says soundcloud co-founde .
 s. korea looks to fresh start after beef crisis <sec> s korean president promises `` fresh start '' wednesday after cabinet offers to resign .  govt . .  in crisis for resuming u.s. beef imports after a ban linked to mad cow disease .  tens of thousands of protesters have taken to the streets over deal with washingto .
 william clements , first texas gop governor since 1870s , dead at 94 <sec> william clements was an oil-field roughneck and entrepreneur .  he was elected texas governor in 1978 , and ousted four years later .  george w. bush remembers him as a `` great man '' and `` political pioneer '' .  gov . .  rick perry calls clements `` the father of the modern-day republican party .
 over 3 years later , `` deleted '' facebook photos are still online <sec> facebook admitted that its older systems f '' did not always delete images '' .  the company was `` working with our content delivery network ( cdn ) partner '' .  frederic wolens explained that photos remaining online are stuck in a legacy syste .
 'breaking bad 's ' aaron paul upset at toys r us <sec> aaron paul is upset about toys r us pulling `` breaking bad '' action figures .  toys r us said figures `` have taken an 'indefinite sabbatical ' `` .  florida mother started petition to get figures pulle .
 review : there 's not much to fear in 'f.e.a.r . 3 ' <sec> `` f.e.a.r . .  3 '' aims higher than your typical shooter game , with some dramatic tension .  the game is the story of two brothers trying to find their mother .  the brothers must wade through wave after wave of soldiers and whacked out cultists .  sadly , the frights are n't quite as jarring as they could have bee .
 wwii vet dies shortly after casting final vote <sec> a photo of frank tanabe voting went viral online .  the 93-year-old , who had been battling liver cancer , died wednesday .  days before , his daughter sat at his bedside and helped him vot .
 rescue operation for 80 dinghies in northern ireland <sec> new : all involved in a mass dinghy capsizing in northern ireland have been accounted for .  new : 10 people needed medical treatment , most for hypothermia , the coast guard says .  belfast coast guard was alerted about 1 p.m. gmt that some of the boats had capsized .  east down yacht club at strangford lough is hosting gp14 dinghies championship .
 evonne goolagong : defying prejudice to become a star <sec> evonne goolagong cawley 's tennis play began with an apple crate board .  but she reached world no.1 and achieved seven grand slam titles in the process .  as an aborigine , though , there were issues of racism she faced in her caree .
 the best ways to kill time at airports <sec> traveler richard dunn made a music video that went viral while stuck at the airport .  ireporters shared photos of how they kill time while waiting to board their flight .  readers reveal they 've played soccer and practiced flying a plane while at the airpor .
 barber , student journey across chicago 's economic divide <sec> teddy williams and sam spitz spent their lives a few blocks from each other in chicago .  they never met until a chance encounter years later .  williams took spitz on a tour of his old neighborhood .  their journey is documented in spitz 's film , `` the greens .
 florida to exhume bodies buried at dozier school for boys in marianna <sec> forensic researchers will begin exhumations this weekend .  they believe a total of 49 children were buried at the reform school .  in 2009 , florida investigators said 31 children were buried there .  the probe found none of the deaths was suspiciou .
