 opinion : congress , stand up for civil rights <sec> barbara arnwine , stephanie jones : we are heartened by two recent acts of justice .  decisions on mandatory minimums and `` stop and frisk '' racial profiling are right , they say .  arwine , jones : congress should follow up by passing the smarter sentencing act of 2013 .  the act would not force judges to impose a `` one size fits all '' penalty on offender .
 ford vehicles will read you text messages while you drive <sec> feature is part of voice-activated technology , sync , installed on 2012 models .  sync allows users to respond to texts with pre-written messages .  there is tons of data showing that texting and driving at the same time is bad ide .
 caroline kennedy , japan , and jfk 's legacy <sec> caroline kennedy presents her credentials as ambassador to japan 's emperor akihito .  she has described herself as `` humbled '' to carry forward her father 's legacy `` in a small way '' .  her father , john f. kennedy , fought against japan and later wanted to visit as president .  this week marks the 50th anniversary of his assassinatio .
 moto x phone bets on sensors , hands-free commands <sec> a recently leaked video shows some of the moto x 's big features .  the phone appears to have hands-free , voice-activated search and smart push-notifications .  this is the first smartphone created entirely with motorola 's new owner , google .  motorola will need to wow consumers to get back in the gam .
 bradley cooper to star in 'the elephant man ' on broadway this fall <sec> bradley cooper is returning to broadway after 8 years .  he last appeared opposite julia roberts in `` three days of rain '' .  this will be the second revival of the pla .
 time names bernanke person of the year <sec> gop senator and critic calls ben bernanke `` moral hazard '' .  time magazine calls bernanke , 56 , `` the most powerful nerd on the planet '' .  bernanke , a great depression scholar , feared new one , writer says .  senate panel set to vote on whether fed chairman get another ter .
 ferran adria : elbulli chef has big new ideas <sec> former head chef of spain 's elbulli , is launching a new venture .  ferran adria 's elbulli foundation will include a search engine of gastronomy and visitor center .  adria says he 's come up with a `` theory of everything '' ... a model to unlock creativity in any walk of life .  his `` creativity map '' outlines the process that takes an idea from inspiration to finished produc .
 opinion : rediscover the lost art of democracy <sec> former greek pm : from euro-extremism to u.s. gridlock , this is a moment of truth for democracy .  george papandreou says special-interest groups have too much sway , create inequality .  papandreou : politics , with citizen participation , must again become the art of imagining better worl .
 ghana seeks quarterfinal place <sec> ghana defeats mali 1-0 in port elizabeth to top group b .  mubarak wakaso scores winner from the penalty spot for the black stars .  niger hold democratic republic of congo to goalless draw .  ghana leads table from mali with one group game remainin .
 all eyes on social security <sec> william howell says front-runner rick perry was target for gop candidates at debate .  he says mitt romney turned focus to social security and perry 's ponzi scheme comment .  he says perry now says he 'd keep social security safe , then talks about moving it to states .  howell : perry may be favored , but in general election social security stance would hurt hi .
 hermione , draco and other 'harry potter ' characters get new look <sec> official illustrations of four main `` harry potter '' characters have been released .  the first illustrated copy will be released october 6 .  the series has sold more than 450 million copies worldwid .
 stekelenburg saves late penalty as ajax survive european scare <sec> ajax win through to next qualifying round of champions league on away goals .  dutch team draw 3-3 in greece for 4-4 aggregate result against paok salonika .  ajax 's netherlands goalkeeper maarten stekelenburg saves late penalty from vladimir ivic .  former champions celtic knocked out along with turkish league runners-up fenerbahc .
 dr. laura apologizes for using n-word <sec> talk show host says using the word was wrong .  during the show , dr. laura schlessinger says the n-word several times .  al sharpton calls her statements despicabl .
 former fbi director to guide penn state sex abuse inquiry <sec> new : it 's unclear that freeh will have the tools he needs for inquiry , analyst says .  the investigation into the scandal will be lengthy , the former fbi director says .  former fbi director louis freeh will lead penn state 's child sex abuse inquiry .  freeh has free rein to go where the investigation takes him , a trustee say .
 opinion : why death penalty for holmes would n't bring justice <sec> james acker : if anyone has death penalty coming , it would seem to be james holmes .  that 's only if it 's proved he 's too mentally ill to be responsible in theater killings , acker says .  he says death penalty costs too much , accomplishes little and is used less and less .  acker : does killing after murder make things better ? .  is it consistent with our self-respect .
 my father 's day wish : curious children <sec> michael schulder asked some experts how he could interest his kids in science .  physics professor brian greene wrote `` icarus at the edge of time '' to inspire kids to take risks .  psychologist carol dweck says kids can have a `` growth mindset '' or a `` fixed mindset '' .  those with a growth mindset learn to take on hard challenges , dweck say .
 u.s. appeals court strikes down same-sex marriage ban <sec> colorado attorney general says state 's prohibition on same-sex marriages remains .  utah decision is the first of its kind by an appeals court on the hot-button issue .  the state will appeal the decision directly to the supreme court .  same-sex marriage is legal in the district of columbia and 19 state .
 priest in compromising photos admits 2-year affair <sec> catholic priest was removed from duties in miami archdiocese .  the rev . .  alberto cutie says he is in love with the woman , considering his options .  he and the woman `` both struggled '' with the relationship , he said .
 'well folks , i 'm about to get shot , ' says suspect in facebook goodbye <sec> `` it 's been real , bro , wish i could have hung with you once last time , '' eric ramsey allegedly writes .  ramsey led police on a chase after abducting and assaulting a university student , officials say .  suspect was shot dea .
 first military execution since 1961 scheduled next month <sec> pvt . .  ronald gray convicted of raping , murdering fellow soldiers , civilian .  gray will be executed december 10 by soldiers in terre haute , indiana .  army pvt . .  john bennett was last man executed by military in 196 .
 four convicted over gang rape of photojournalist in mumbai <sec> four men will be sentenced friday after being convicted of gang-raping 22-year old .  fifth suspect , believed to be a teen , will be tried in a juvenile court .  the woman and a male colleague were on assignment in mumbai when approache .
 review : 'dolphin tale ' a cute story <sec> it 's no spoiler to say that there is a happy ending .  the injured animal is played by its real-life counterpart .  morgan freeman also plays a version of himsel .
 jenny mccarthy : my son 's recovery from autism <sec> mccarthy believes diet and vitamins helped her son recover from autism .  vaccines played a role in son 's autism , she says .  mccarthy and jim carrey think children being given too many vaccines , too soo .
 joran van der sloot case headed to prosecutor 's office <sec> new : the prosecutor has the case ; it could be two months before formal charges are filed .  van der sloot is suspected of killing stephany flores in a peruvian hotel .  ricardo flores says the last hearing was the first time he saw van der sloot face-to-face .  van der sloot was once the main suspect in the natalee holloway disappearanc .
 china reports first human h10n8 avian flu death <sec> a 73-year-old woman , confirmed to have h10n8 avian flu virus , died .  woman was from china and suffered several underlying diseases .  chinese health authorities : risk of human infection is low .  h7n9 outbreak said to pose greater risk to public healt .
 understanding pakistan 's latest turmoil <sec> pakistan 's main opposition will join protests demanding reinstatement of judges .  political protests may divert attention from efforts against pro-taliban insurgency .  nation has been under military rule for more than half of its 61-year histor .
 o.j . simpson pleads with nevada parole board to cut prison term <sec> o.j . .  simpson was sentenced to 33 years for his role in an incident at a las vegas .  a nevada jury convicted him on 12 counts , including kidnapping and armed robbery .  he asks a parole board to cut his sentence , saying he 'd only gone to get his property .  simpson laments missing graduations , birthdays and a funeral in 5 years in custod .
 warren 's unvarnished view of clinton in 2004 <sec> elizabeth warren told bill moyers in 2004 that she briefed hillary clinton about bankruptcy .  clinton helped veto a bankruptcy bill . .  `` i never had a smarter student , '' warren said .  warren said as senator , clinton changed position because of the financial services industry .  the 2004 exchange shows how warren 's changed , too -- she 's now less candid about clinto .
 abc fall premiere dates announced : 'scandal ' returns ... <sec> the full list of shows is out .  there are a few new shows .  newbie 's include `` selfie '' and `` how to get away with murder .
 christie dodges press in london - cnnpolitics.com <sec> chris christie avoided talking to press while in london on tuesday .  the new jersey republican is facing questions about a new report that details lavish travel paid for by foreign governments .  he also made headlines monday for his vaccination respons .
 royal ascot : toronado stars on opening day <sec> world famous ascot festival began tuesday .  toronado wins queen anne stakes .  the wow signal won the coventry stakes .  kingman wins st james 's palace stake .
 woman watches home invasion on webcam <sec> at work in fort lauderdale , woman checked on home and saw unknown men .  she installed camera after her home was burglarized before .  woman called 911 to give play-by-play of incident .  four men were charged in the home invasio .
 democrats blame gop for obama immigration delay <sec> immigration reform advocates initially criticize president obama for delaying action .  now democrats are spreading the blame to republicans for failing to legislate on issue .  democrats are likely trying to placate anger in immigrant communitie .
 israel , gaza accept cease-fire , but will peace last ? <sec> new : official : 1,452 killed in gaza , which is more than a group says died in 2008 , 2009 .  israel and hamas accept the 72-hour cease-fire , officials tell cnn .  palestinian official `` hoping against hope '' it will lead to a `` permanent cease-fire '' .  u.n. rights chief says israeli shellings that killed civilians do n't appear `` to be accidental .
 source : terror plot targeted times square , grand central stations <sec> najibullah zazi , 2 co-defendants allegedly plotted to wear homemade bombs .  they wanted to be in the middle of busy subway cars , source says .  source says zazi was considering september 14 , 15 or 16 for the attac .
 tour de france : cavendish crashes as kittel wins opener <sec> mark cavendish dislocates his shoulder in tour de france crash .  saturday 's opening stage won by germany 's marcel kittel .  early stages of tour taking place in uk for first time in seven years .  royal family launches historic first leg in yorkshir .
 review : rihanna 's 'unapologetic ' <sec> rihanna stirred up headlines when she invited chris brown to sing on `` nobody 's business '' .  `` nobody 's business '' borrows its '80s r & b sound from michael jackson 's `` the way you make me feel '' .  the album is less defiant than its title suggests , with many lovely moments by the pian .
 lee wins south korea world cup spot despite injury problems <sec> injured south korea striker lee dong-gook picked in 23-man squad for world cup .  japan midfielder shunsuke nakamura going to south africa following ankle problem .  young defender rhys williams among five players cut from australia 's provisional squad .  north korea coach kim jong-hun names three overseas-based players in his 23-man squa .
 researchers : we can watch 3-d with only one eye <sec> new research says viewing images through a small hole can produce a 3-d effect .  university of st. andrews team says the tech could change how movies are shown .  some people feel nausea and dizziness from 3- .
 a view from above -- wtc workers gear up for obama visit <sec> it 's soon expected to top off at 1,776 feet , by way of spire affixed to its peak .  president barack obama is expected to visit the site on thursday .  the building is expected to open in about a year and a half .  workers are gearing up for the president 's visi .
 air force officials ousted over nuclear gaffes <sec> `` leadership has drifted '' regarding nuclear weapons , defense secretary says .  resignations come after report criticizing bomber flight , mistaken device shipment .  report criticizes u.s. air force 's reactions to incident .
 7 artsy hotels around the world <sec> andaz amsterdam prinsengracht features an impressive collection of video art .  a lisbon hotel will release a digital arts app to show guests where they can find each piece .  21c in bentonville , arkansas , is a boutique hotel and contemporary art museu .
 exclusive : in baghdad hospital , tales from front line <sec> iraqi army soldiers , border guards , tell stories from the front line .  isis fighters are taking over large swaths of northern , western iraq .  civilians are also caught in the crossfir .
 michelle knight : 'after 11 years , i 'm finally being heard ' <sec> michelle knight , 32 , was kidnapped by ariel castro in august 2002 .  in a courtroom statement , she says castro deserves to spend the rest of his life in prison .  `` i spent 11 years in hell , and now your hell is just beginning , '' she says .  castro is sentenced to life in prison plus 1,000 year .
 china ends asian games on high note <sec> china win a thrilling women 's volleyball final against south korea to claim final gold medal .  chinese team 's medal haul of 416 -- including 199 golds -- breaks their own record .  south korea finish second in the medals table ; japan were thir .
 baby 's body found at hospital 's off-site laundry service <sec> hospital admits mistake in sending body to laundry .  minnesota hospital says it is deeply sorry .  foul play is not suspected , police sa .
 nurse death sparks outrage , casts glare on 'shock jocks ' <sec> new : radio company ceo talks of `` tragic event '' .  nurse , mother of two , was found dead , three days after prank call .  australian djs called uk hospital about pregnant duchess .  case raises questions on ethical boundarie .
 firms reconsider ad deals over newspaper phone hacking scandal <sec> ford says it will suspend advertising in news of the world pending the investigation .  mumsnet , a leading website for mothers , is pulling sky 's advertising from its website .  calls for boycotts of news of the world appear on facebook and twitter .  media analyst says long-term impact is likely to be small unless there is a domino effec .
 seeing summer shows from the lawn gets cheaper <sec> live nation 's `` no service fee wednesdays '' applies to 5 million seats .  promotion could soothe feathers ruffled by ticketmaster merger .  it applies to shows such as no doubt , the dead , jason mraz , nine inch nail .
 gun , drug texts feature in new trayvon martin shooting evidence <sec> prosecutors renew their motion for a gag order .  george zimmerman 's attorney asks that his client 's trial be delayed .  martin 's family attorney says the new evidence is irrelevant and meant to prejudice a jury .  zimmerman , martin 's acknowledged killer , goes on trial next mont .
 karzai ramps up pressure on pakistan over massacre <sec> new : the u.n security council condemns the two attacks `` in the strongest terms '' .  the attack on a shiite shrine is `` unique in afghan history , '' president karzai says .  a group based in pakistan reportedly claims responsibility for the bombing .  a bus carrying women and children hits a roadside mine in helmand provinc .
 debris makes 'dangerous approach ' to space station <sec> new : the debris comes within about 820 feet , interfax reports .  new : a nasa spokesman says the exact distance is not yet known .  the debris was spotted `` too late to make an avoidance maneuver , '' nasa says .  officials are investigating where the debris came fro .
 from ring bearer and flower girl to husband and wife <sec> briggs and brittney fussy first walked down the aisle 20 years ago .  the couple reunited in high school in minnesota and wed over the weekend .  briggs and brittney reenact the photos they took at age .
 'captain phillips ' star 's story of struggle not rare in hollywood <sec> `` captain phillips '' star barkhad abdi 's tale is not rags-to-riches .  he was paid only $ 65,000 for the role .  abdi 's next role could be playing south african marathone .
 lawmakers promote revised 'stolen valor ' law <sec> the stolen valor act of 2006 was deemed unconstitutional by the supreme court .  the high court said it infringed on the first amendment right to free speech .  a colorado couple has spearheaded efforts to get the laws passe .
 cnn scoops ire awards for benghazi and mauritania coverage <sec> cnn has been awarded two investigative reporters and editors ( ire ) awards .  the network was honored for its benghazi and mauritania coverage .  the accolades are the first time cnn has scooped multiple awards in the same yea .
 jodi arias gets life in prison <sec> jodi arias is sentenced to life in prison with no possibility for parole .  arias expressed remorse for her action .
 amazing underwater photography from around the world <sec> underwater photographers are often scuba certified and experienced divers .  with a little patience and the right equipment , underwater photos can be captured anywhere .  share your photos with cnn ireport and you could be featured on cn .
 make football safe for our kids <sec> roxanne jones has always loved football , but says it 's time to recognize its risks .  evidence mounting that playing football can result in dangerous brain injuries .  jones : the game needs rules to make it safer or more parents wo n't let sons play .  change will be very difficult , she says , but it 's time to set up better safeguard .
 swimmer swept over yosemite waterfall <sec> searchers seek body of 19-year-old aleh kalman .  the sacramento teen was carried over the 594-foot nevada fall .  `` we believe it 's impossible to survive a fall like that , '' a park spokeswoman say .
 opinion : helping kids feel safe again <sec> melissa brymer : children need special attention to cope with trauma and upheaval .  she says fear , anxiety , anger , withdrawal are common , but they diminish over time .  brymer : kids look to parents ' reaction ; parents must talk to them calmly and truthfully .  brymer : sticking to routines and being patient , staying away from media very importan .
 why inaugural speeches mostly fail <sec> david frum : most inaugural speeches are full of rhetoric , lack real inspiration .  he says they tend to promise great things but are vague on specific commitments .  there are noble speeches that get undermined by lack of accomplishment , frum says .  frum : we remember great speeches of lincoln , fdr because of their great deed .
 wozniacki survives as fellow seeds crash out in qatar <sec> caroline wozniacki continues winning streak by beating nadia petrova in qatar .  dane comes to doha off the back of her dubai open success .  third seed and french open champion francesca schiavone loses to peng shuai .  second seed vera zvonareva reaches quarterfinals by beating dominika cibulkov .
 mercy petitions rejected for 3 condemned indian prisoners <sec> three are jailed in assassination of rajiv gandhi .  it 's not yet known when the executions will be carried ou .
