 the boys of one direction launch a line of makeup and nail polish <sec> the singing group has a new line of beauty products .  there will be a collection of lipstick , lip gloss , and blush .  they have already released a line of school supplies with office depo .
 malware attack hits thousands of yahoo users per hour <sec> new : ads began to appear on december 31 and were removed friday , yahoo says .  yahoo 's servers released a kit that exploited java and installed malware .  an it security firm estimates tens of thousands of users were affected per hou .
 uk lawmakers vote to recognize palestine as a state <sec> uk lawmakers vote to recognize palestine as a state after a debate in parliament .  the measure is mainly symbolic and is not binding on the government .  motion says this would be `` as a contribution to securing a negotiated two state solution '' .  it came 10 days after the new swedish government said it would recognize palestin .
 genes linked to risk of alzheimer 's disease in african americans <sec> 2 genes associated with alzheimer 's in whites were also linked to higher rates in african americans .  study involved nearly 6,000 african american participants aged 60 or older .  more studies are needed to confirm the role that these genetic variants pla .
 bonjour google ! gmail adds auto-translation <sec> gmail adds a feature that can translate emails between languages .  the update is rolling out in coming days .  users can turn off the feature if they speak other language .
 family uses facebook to find home for unused embryos <sec> a tennessee family placed a post on facebook about its six , unused frozen embryos .  a couple , struggling with infertility , stumbled upon the post and jumped at the idea .  experts : tennessee has few laws covering open donations of embryo .
 8 soldiers charged in death of fellow serviceman <sec> the family is glad for the charges , but wants convictions .  those charged have been moved to a different base in afghanistan .  chen was found dead in a guard tower in afghanistan .  the charges were filed wednesda .
 ocean search has many challenges <sec> three debris pieces are spotted in an area the size of belgium .  search area in south indian ocean is one of the least accessible places on earth .  currents , waves and wind cause debris to drift .  ocean floor is deeper than most submarines can g .
 hezbollah denies it had role in recent bombings of israeli targets <sec> `` we had nothing to do with these explosions , '' head of hezbollah says .  hassan nasrallah suggests `` revenge '' plots would n't target average israelis .  israeli pm blames iran , calls nation `` a threat to the stability of the world '' .  iranian minister says israeli agents `` are often the perpetrators '' of terro .
 samplers reduce harassment to 'women 's work ' <sec> elana adler cross-stitched harassing comments into 32 samplers .  the series is called `` you are my duchess '' .  the samplers reduce street harassment into a `` simple piece of women 's work .
 the battle for afghanistan , 10 years on <sec> u.s.-led coalition troops have been in afghanistan longer than the soviet union was .  the vast majority of people in afghanistan are still poor and illiterate .  there 's better healthcare and technology , but still no proper democrac .
 in ohio , candidates are salesmen trying to close the deal <sec> bob greene was in ohio this summer , where presidential candidate visits were constant .  he says they are like traveling salesmen who must show up if they want to close the deal .  he says ohioans get weary of the courting , even though they know it ends in november .  greene : they 're like willy loman : `` a salesman is got to dream , boy . .  it comes with the territory .
 kenya military reports success in somali fight <sec> the kenyan military says it controls half of kismayo .  a kenyan spokesman says al-shabaab is suffering leavy losses .  al-shabaab says the military is waging a `` losing battle '' .  the militant group has long tried to overthrow the somali governmen .
 200 structures destroyed in iowa dam flooding <sec> it 's unclear how many of the affected structures are residential homes .  the lake delhi dam failed saturday as a result of heavy rainfall in the region .  iowa gov . .  chet culver will tour the affected region sunday .  no injuries were reported in the floodin .
 greece 's state broadcaster back after shut-down in june <sec> greek broadcaster ert is back on the air .  the government said it shut down the broadcaster to save money .  in june , the country 's top court ordered the government to restart er .
 afghanistan film students hope to educate through television <sec> student hopes to use tv to help those in afghanistan .  tv was banned under taliban ; now many have access .  usc program helps educate aspiring afghanistan filmmaker .
 man whose kiss caused airport security scare pleads guilty <sec> haisong jiang , 28 , pleaded guilty to defiant trespass , his attorney said .  defense attorney : `` it 's below a crime , it 's not even considered a crime in new jersey '' .  jiang crossed into a security area at newark airport to kiss his girlfriend .  he will have to pay a $ 500 fine and court fees and costs of $ 158 , attorney sai .
 chelsea clinton weds longtime beau in new york <sec> chelsea clinton wore a gown by vera wang , the family says .  the ceremony incorporated the couple 's two faiths .  the wedding took place at the posh astor courts , a 50-acre estat .
 afcon players and officials unite to fight ebola <sec> 2015 africa cup of nations gets under way saturday .  equatorial guinea hosting tournament after morocco was suspended .  morocco banned for refusing to host competition due to ebola fears .  reigning champion nigeria did not qualify for 2015 tournamen .
 10,000 bone fragments found in former argentine detention center <sec> remains believed to be human ; number of bodies unknown , officials say .  detention center among those used in argentina 's 1976-1983 `` dirty war '' .  tens of thousands said to have been abducted , killed during `` dirty war .
 'devious maids ' : the controversy behind the new lifetime drama <sec> for the first time on tv , there 'll be a prime-time program featuring all latina leads .  lifetime 's new drama has already received a slew of negative criticism .  eva longoria and actress dania ramirez defend show .  some do n't see show as an opportunity for latinos in hollywoo .
 opinion : we can stop ods like hoffman 's <sec> writers : actor hoffman 's death one of 105 people who die each day from overdose in u.s . .  they say people will use heroin or opiates no matter what , so challenge is to help people .  writers : make treatment easy , pass laws that let people call 911 without fear of arrest .  they say we need to educate ourselves about treatments that might sound radical but wor .
 bad anchoring caused football players ' boat to flip <sec> florida agency rules bad anchoring , revving engine made boat capsize .  raiders ' marquis cooper , nfl free agent corey smith , william bleakley missing .  nick schuyler survived the february 28 accident in gulf of mexic .
 costa concordia captain combative , defiant as he testifies at trial <sec> francesco schettino paints scene of chaos on the bridge at the time of the wreck .  schettino : `` this is the only chance i have to tell my version of events '' .  ship 's captain , on the stand for the first time , denies charges of multiple manslaughter .  thirty-two people died after the costa concordia hit rocks and capsized off italy 's coas .
 secret service head personal info on internet , site claims <sec> website has posted purported personal information about top u.s. officials and celebrities .  names include vice president biden , former secretary of state clinton , and george clooney .  latest name on site is new secret service director julia pierson .  fbi and secret service are investigatin .
 suspects in video beating could get life in prison <sec> eight florida teens to be tried as adults in videotaped beating case .  video shows 16-year-old girl punched by other girls .  21 percent of girls age 17 say they 've assaulted someone , the justice dept . .  reports .  the teens have `` disconnect '' between thoughts and actions , psychologist say .
 liberty lost ? the supreme court punts <sec> the u.s. supreme court has upheld the health care law in 5-4 ruling .  stephen b. presser : the ruling unduly expands the reach of the federal government .  he says chief justice 's turning to the taxing power to justify the law is disappointing .  presser : it is now up to congress to reconsider this unwise ac .
 little time left to turn down the world 's heat , u.n. says <sec> time 's running out to rein in climate change , u.n. panel concludes .  `` a certain amount of warming '' is locked in , expert says .  without checks on emissions , the impacts may be irreversible , report states .  losses outweigh gains for farmers and the poor , it conclude .
 deaths in dumpster expose plight of china 's street kids <sec> eight officials sacked or suspended over deaths of five boys in dumpster .  children died from carbon monoxide poisoning after burning charcoal for heat .  aged between 9 and 13 , the boys came from one extended family .  unicef says one of china 's biggest challenges is caring for `` left behind children .
 living the american dream in jackson hole , china <sec> a chinese developer has built an american-themed town 90 minutes from beijing .  the settlement is named after jackson hole , a scenic valley in wyoming .  he has sold almost all the houses , with the bigger homes now fetching $ 1m each .  richer , educated , urban chinese express more positive view of aspects of america 's imag .
 ntsb calls for new air traffic rules over hudson river <sec> ntsb advises rule changes over hudson river after august 8 crash .  nine people were killed when helicopter , small plane collided .  one proposal : make helicopters , fixed-wing aircraft fly at different altitudes over river .  ntsb makes recommendation before end of crash probe -- a rare mov .
 floods kill dozens in eastern india <sec> `` the entire delta area is completely inundated , '' an official says .  flooding led to the cancellation of a cricket match between india and australia .  ganjam district was most heavily affected , with 85,000 people evacuate .
 iran 's virtual presidential candidate continues campaign <sec> `` zahra '' is a fictional character in an online graphic novel made after iran 's 2009 election .  zahra 's creators said she was aimed at showing support for democracy in iran .  united4iran promoted zahra as a virtual candidate in this year 's presidential elections .  the campaign said she received nearly 2,000 votes and 4,000 supporters on faceboo .
 sotomayor opens up about early life in cnn interview <sec> interview keys on release of new autobiography , 'my beloved world ' .  sudden fame as first latina justice still surprises sonia sotomayor .  justice discusses personal and professional triumphs , painful moments .  sotomayor will swear in vice president joe biden at inaugura .
 no one will ever name a sports team this way <sec> in the u.s. , you can name a team almost anything , says bob greene .  the one certainty is that no one will call a major league team `` the senators , '' he says .  greene says washington senators , once in the american league , came from simpler time .  today 's politicians are so disliked that no one would cheer for them , he say .
 greene : when may 19 became the day of darkness <sec> on may 19 , 1780 , the skies over new england inexplicably turned black .  the day was pitch-black ; people panicked , prayed , thought it was the day of judgment .  researchers believe that massive forest fires in canada contributed .  bob greene asks : would people today , knowing the cause , be as frightened .
 cuba releases report on crash that killed dissident <sec> cuba 's interior ministry friday released report on crash that killed prominent cuban dissident .  oswaldo paya died in car crash sunday , officials say .  earlier , paya 's family said that it was not an accident , but that paya had been targete .
 india eyes new government as ruling party concedes that defeat is near <sec> india begins counting votes after a five-week general election .  congress party spokesman concedes it 's likely to head to defeat .  corruption scandals have hit exiting pm manmohan singh 's two-term government .  exit polls predict win for hindu nationalist bharatiya janata party and leader narendra mod .
 nelson mandela 's legacy : how soccer club sunderland fell for africa <sec> english soccer club will promote this weekend 's match as `` nelson mandela day '' .  sunderland is hosting league leader manchester united in the premier league .  team has agreed a partnership with mandela 's foundation and will promote its cause .  sunderland has shirt sponsorship from the `` invest in africa '' business initiativ .
 a firsthand look at removing a nuclear threat <sec> cnn 's jill dougherty gets exclusive access to removal of nuclear material .  vietnam gives up highly enriched uranium from dalat nuclear research institute .  the reactor is converted to low-enriched uranium that can not be used for a bomb .  the old heu will be blended into a form that can not be used for bomb-makin .
 after escape from north korea , artist turns from propaganda to pop art <sec> once a propagandist , defector song byeok now paints satirical works about north korea .  his paintings dwell on miseries of life in his homeland , joy of the freedoms he found in the south .  from a country of 25 million , only about 20,000 north korean defectors live in the south .  song is optimistic new leader kim jong un will be an agent for chang .
 defterios : what i 've seen in 20 years at the magic mountain <sec> since the late 20th century , the ski resort of davos has been synonymous with the world economic forum .  defterios : i first came to davos as a relatively junior correspondent , two months after the berlin wall fell .  fall of communism , china 's opening , removal of apartheid in south africa unfolded in the 90s .  it 's the inter-play between geo-politics and business is what keeps the forum relevan .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> the uae has offered advice and expertise to plug the leak in the gulf of mexico .  mme take a look at the advanced technology in place in abu dhabi to prevent oil spills .  plus mme talks to the chairman of the abu dhabi tourism authorit .
 migrant who survived mexico massacre : do n't leave home <sec> ecuadorean luis freddy lala was one of two survivors of a massacre in mexico .  he advises other would-be immigrants not to make the journey .  the immigrants were captured by armed men .  they were shot and killed at a hous .
 speed skier simone origone targets new world record <sec> simone origone thrilled to break speed skiing world record by clocking 252.4 km/h .  the italian beat his own record of 251.4 km/h ( 156.2 mph ) set in 2006 .  the 34-year-old is planning to break the world record for a third time next yea .
 attorneys : airline concerned about pilot 's ability before 2009 crash <sec> e-mails show airline deemed pilot not ready to upgrade , attorneys say .  the airline says the pilot passed proficiency tests and completed training .  he was piloting a plane that crashed near buffalo in 2009 , killing 50 peopl .
 dozens feared dead in bangladesh mutiny <sec> new : home minister shown assuring rebel officers their grievances would be heard .  new : ministers go door to door to assure frightened women and children of safety .  new : dead and wounded include military officials , bdr brass and passersby .  new : rebelling troops were low-ranking members of bdr , information ministry say .
 tamils want inquiry after un says it 'failed civilians ' in bloody sri lanka civil war <sec> sri lanka 's largest tamil political party called for inquiry into u.n. failure to protect civilians during civil war .  u.n. internal review report found it did not protect tamils trapped in heavy shellin .
 third drill to start advancing toward 33 trapped miners <sec> the plan c option is normally used to drill for oil .  the 33 miners have been trapped since august 5 .  rescuers are using three drilling methods to reach the .
 japan arrests anti-whaling activist <sec> bethune belongs to sea shepherd conservation society .  group : bethune was trying to make citizen 's arrest of shonan maru 2 skipper .  skipper was involved in collision that sank ady gil , which targets harpoon ships .  sea shepherd : bethune has legal representation in japa .
 court rules for seller in copyright dispute over foreign-made goods <sec> the court says copyrighted works from abroad can be resold within the united states .  the ruling covers libraries , artistic venues -- even the local garage sale .  the first sale doctrine generally lets copyright holders profit only from the original sal .
 drone strike in yemen kills suspected al qaeda militants <sec> new : drone strikes targeted a truck carrying 11 suspected militants , officials say .  new : one of the strikes inadvertently hit a civilian pickup truck , a witness says .  most of those killed were al qaeda militants , yemeni officials sa .
 zimbabwe introduces $ 500 million note <sec> zimbabwe 's central bank introduces $ 500 million note .  high denomination notes introduced this month failed to clear bank queues .  $ 500 million note worth about 8 u.s. dollars , enough to buy 8 loaves of bread .  once-prosperous zimbabwe is reeling under humanitarian and economic crisi .
 sid meier : games are taking over the world <sec> sid meier designed `` civilization , '' one of the most popular computer strategy games ever .  the game allows players to build and develop their own cities , countries and civilizations .  meier is ready to take on the social gaming networ .
 young adult books and sex : what we learned under the covers <sec> for people of some generations , sex ed came from young adult literature .  books by judy blume and v.c . .  andrews can still make grown women blush .  a film based on andrews ' `` flowers in the attic '' debuts on lifetime on saturda .
 china lifts ban barring entry to foreigners with hiv and aids <sec> china lifts ban on foreigners with hiv , aids , sexually transmitted diseases , leprosy .  entry ban lifted after it was realized it did little to prevent the spread of disease .  ban also caused problems when hosting international events in the country .  health ministry estimated by october 2009 , 740,000 people were living with hiv in chin .
 setback for ending the 'never-ending ' war <sec> the authorization for use of military force was approved in 2001 .  it allows the u.s. to go after al qaeda and its associates .  some say aumf should be repealed or refined .  new : house defeats proposal to end war authorizatio .
 loan guarantees pave way for first new u.s. nuclear reactors in years <sec> new : modern reactors far safer than pre-three mile island reactors , energy secretary says .  new : loan applications for more nuclear facilities being considered , steven chu says .  new : gop senator from georgia praises obama 's decision as `` a step in the right direction '' .  3,500 on-site construction jobs and 850 permanent operations jobs projected , officials sa .
 smartwatches have a history of failure , but there 's hope <sec> apple , samsung , google and others are reportedly working on a smartwatch .  other companies have tried to make a dick tracy-style watch happen before we were ready .  public finally seems ready to accept smartwatches the way they accepted the ipa .
 anonymous buyer wants to take kim kardashian sex tape offline <sec> a nashville lawyer wants to negotiate with a porn company to buy the video .  kardashian recorded the sex tape with singer ray j .  she reached an agreement with vivid to share in the profits in 2007 , vivid say .
 google poised to become your phone company <sec> google is set to become your new phone company , perhaps reducing your phone bill to zilch in the process . .  google has bought gizmo5 , an online phone company that is akin to skype .  users could make and receive calls that bypass the per-minute billing on smartphones .  consultant : `` if at & t is coca-cola , google is now 7-up .
 16-minute video of philly cops in controversial stop sparks proble <sec> two philadelphia police officers stop two men on a city street .  over 16 minutes , they question and challenge the men -- who are eventually allowed to walk .  a recording of the incident is captured on a cell phone and posted online .  the aclu says training needs work , the department says it is investigating the inciden .
 birth father arrested in 'baby veronica ' adoption fight <sec> dusten brown says the adoption of his daughter should not have been allowed .  a south carolina couple had the girl for two years before he took her back .  the case reached the u.s. supreme court , which ok 'd the adoption .  brown never showed up to return his daughter to the coupl .
 granddaughter of slave : i was 'afraid ' for obama <sec> mary dowden , 80 , is the granddaughter of a slave .  she says she was afraid for barack obama because `` i did n't want nobody to kill him '' .  cnn.com traveled to como , mississippi , to talk with blacks about obama .  obama 's inspiration : `` you can be young , you can be black , and you can do anything .
