 tiger woods targets return to form in 2015 <sec> tiger woods hoping to bounce back in 2015 .  u.s. star says he 's over his injury problems .  says he feels `` incredible relief '' after injury .  won the last of his major titles in 200 .
 restoring the everglades <sec> the everglades were drained a century ago and are now being restored .  `` the wonder list '' season finale takes places in the everglade .
 artists tackle syria 's brutal civil war <sec> syria 's brutal civil war depicted in beirut exhibition .  artists say their work keeps them going through tough times .  most galleries in syria have closed .  several syrian artists who have fled the fighting have ended up in lebano .
 apparently this matters : the boyfriend pillow <sec> the boyfriend pillow , while not new , is a trending topic recently .  the person-shaped , memory foam pillow is designed for lonely people .  the pillow , `` oddly , happens to be wearing a full button-down shirt .
 how nasa is with us when we fly <sec> nasa and flexsys are developing shape-shifting wings for airplanes .  flexible wings would save millions in fuel and smooth the ride for passengers .  nasa showed off its wing technology to bloggers and social media mavens this week .  nasa has contributed heavily to innovations used in commercial aviatio .
 sandra bullock , george clooney sci-fi drama 'gravity ' pushed to 2013 <sec> `` gravity , '' the 3-d sci-fi drama has been pushed from its november 21 release to 2013 .  sandra bullock and george clooney star as astronauts stranded in open space .  warner bros. wanted to be sure the unusual film had the best possible platfor .
 tv channel critical of chavez is dropped <sec> new : rctv denies it violated law , says move to drop it from cable is illegal .  radio caracas television had been critical of venezuelan president hugo chavez .  cable providers says rctv violated broadcast laws .  five other channels were taken off ai .
 police investigating apple house search <sec> police launch investigation into the search of a man 's house by apple employees .  an official declined to comment further , citing police policy .  apple has declined to offer its side of the stor .
 best eats at 20 busiest u.s. airports <sec> believe it , you can get a good meal at the airport .  the food network kitchen is open in fort lauderdale international .  real deal tamales are available at phoenix sky harbor international .  lots of new options are coming to lax in 201 .
 togo bus crash kills six ; soccer players injured <sec> the victims were members of the etoile filante soccer club .  25 people are injured , a spokesman says .  soccer in togo has suffered a series of misfortunes in recent year .
 palin not present at rnc but still a presence <sec> sarah palin 's star has been eclipsed a bit during this presidential election cycle .  palin 's focus on supporting congressional will help bolster her support in the future .  palin 's challenge , political experts say , will be how she negotiates her way back into the national spotlight ; relevanc .
 miami police exhibited pattern of excessive force , justice dept . says <sec> justice department review looked at shootings involving police .  officials conclude police intentionally opened fire 33 times from 2008-11 .  new : shooting of african-american men in miami prompted review .  new : justice department will want judge to oversee any agreement with police departmen .
 gorillas surviving warzone <sec> census of mountain gorillas in dr congo doing well despite war , poaching .  so far , 75 gorillas found which are accustomed to human contact .  that 's three more than last census and conservationists hope to identify mor .
 maduro sworn in as venezuela 's president <sec> nicolas maduro is sworn in as venezuela 's president .  hugo chavez tapped him as a successor .  the opposition candidate has called for a recount ; election officials auditing results .  man rushes toward podium ; `` he could have shot me right here , '' maduro say .
 beijing girl infected with bird flu ; 44 cases now reported <sec> new : a patient from shanghai becomes the 11th person to die from bird flu .  new : the number of infections across china climbs to 44 .  hong kong will test imports of poultry from the chinese mainlan .
 aid workers abducted from kenyan refugee complex <sec> new : two other staff members are injured .  the aid workers are with the norwegian refugee council .  the abductors get away with a refugee council vehicle .  kenya has blamed previous abductions on the militant al-shabaab grou .
 'change is imminent ' : african ceos look to bright future <sec> mariéme jamme attended the first africa ceo forum in geneva .  world bank 's makhtar diop called for private sector bosses to show leadership .  `` we are witnessing great progress in the continent and this needs to be highlighted , '' says jamme .  jamme says business leaders need start working together to develop afric .
 3 weeks of saudi strikes in yemen , no peace in sight <sec> saudi officials say 500 houthi rebels killed , but signs of progress appear scant .  civilian casualties continue to mount .  u.n. security council favors houthi arms embarg .
 judge orders psych evaluation for suspect in airport scare <sec> suspect must undergo psychiatric evaluation before court appearance .  scott mcgann , 32 , of new york , faces 3 charges , including making terrorist threats .  man had bag stuffed with wires and batteries , appeared intoxicated , official says .  flights resume at busy laguardia airport after evacuation end .
 first xi : muslim footballers <sec> jose mourinho substituted sulley muntari because he had been low energy .  the ghanaian midfielder is a muslim and had been fasting during ramadan .  france international franck ribery is another high-profile musli .
 ambush kills 7 u.n. peacekeepers in sudan <sec> the seven killed u.n. peacekeepers are tanzanians .  u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon expresses outrage .  attack is third in three weeks on african union-united nations hybrid operation in darfu .
 booby traps targeting california police lead to $ 200k reward offer <sec> authorities hope $ 200,000 will produce tips on `` brazen attempts '' on gang task force .  attempts include gas line put in task force office , pipe bomb attached to unmarked car .  gang activity , prevalent in riverside county , thought to be related but no arrests ye .
 prosecutors review triple murder-suicide after woman drives into river <sec> new : prosecutors are treating the incident as a triple murder-suicide .  kids ' father arrested in february after 2-year-old found on streets .  sole survivor : `` mom just drove the car into the water .
 official : drone strike kills 10 militants near afghan-pakistani border <sec> new : 3 border police officers killed in suicide-bombing attack , afghan government says .  strike hits afghanistan 's nangarhar province , near pakistan border , official says .  attack happened wednesday morning in province 's nazyan distric .
 abandoned railway turns urban sprawl green <sec> atlanta beltline project is regenerating a 35-kilometer loop of land around the city .  idea to transform disused railway line land was conceived by atlanta resident ryan gravel .  project hopes to redefine image of atlanta as a sprawling city dominated by the cars and highway .
 nude photo of madonna goes for $ 37,500 <sec> nude photograph of madonna taken when she was student in 1979 .  lee friedlander pic sold by christie 's for $ 37,500 .  anonymous bidder made purchase over the phon .
 tsunami-hit fishing town fighting to survive <sec> ishinomaki was just one of many japanese towns hit hard by last year 's earthquake and tsunami .  tokuyoshi takahashi was forced to lay off the 120 staff at his fish processing factory .  but takahashi is one of a small group of businessman determined to rebuild the city of 150,000 .  they are trying to attract investment in rebuilding to lure back residents who left the tow .
 graphene : 'super ' material will be in your home sooner than you think <sec> andre geim and kostya novoselow discovered graphene in 2004 . .  at one atom thick , it is the thinnest material ever discovered . .  they made their discovery by pulling scotch tape off graphite . .  graphene is very strong , flexible and a good electrical conductor .
 china probing retired security czar zhou yongkang <sec> `` it 's almost certain '' zhou would be put on trial , a longtime political observer says .  zhou had been on the nine-member politburo standing committee .  he had been rumored to be under house arrest before tuesday 's announcement .  if indicted , he would be the highest-ranking prc official ever to face corruption charge .
 lesbian who reported 'hate crime ' attack staged incident , nebraska police say <sec> new : the woman pleads not guilty to lying to police , her attorney says .  new : `` this has been kind of a kick in the gut as a victim to ... be charged , '' lawyer says .  charlie rogers told police she was attacked in her home last month .  authorities now say the incident was stage .
 jetblue pilot ruled fit to stand trial <sec> ruling : jetblue pilot who had midair meltdown fit to stand trial .  clayton osbon is `` mentally competent , '' judge rules .  during the incident , osbon allegedly ranted incoherently about crashing , terroris .
 iran reach 2014 world cup ; south korea , australia also qualify <sec> iran reach the 2014 world cup with 1-0 win over south korea .  south korea also qualify for brazil as runners-up in group a but coach choi steps down .  australia qualifies for a third consecutive world cup .  jordan will play uzbekistan in a playof .
 2 spanish journalists kidnapped in syria , newspaper says <sec> new : el mundo editor says abductions are in `` flagrant violation of human rights '' .  new : wife of one captured journalist pleads for the return of the two abducted men .  the two spanish journalists were abducted in september , newspaper says .  their captors are believed to be linked to an al qaeda-backed grou .
 typhoon bopha carves across philippines , killing scores of people <sec> new : the death toll from the storm is now 95 , a government agency says .  the storm has churned across the southern philippine island of mindanao .  it has set off a landslide and blown away fragile houses , officials say .  the typhoon comes almost a year after a storm killed more than 1,200 people on mindana .
 stand-up comedy doing serious business across middle east <sec> stand-up comedy has blossomed over past five years in middle east .  amman stand-up comedy festival now in its third successful year .  comics perform routines about relationships , facebook , music and everyday lif .
 bagpipes and snail hunting : greece tourism shifts gears <sec> greek financial crisis has inspired innovation in country 's tourism industry .  tina kyriakis , the founder of alternative athens , offers tours of the city 's best graffiti .  antonis mallis left a lucrative job to start a travel agency promoting his home island of milo .
 lindsay lohan 's judge will issue a new rehab order wednesday <sec> judge fox will hold a hearing for lohan wednesday morning .  lohan 's lawyer and the prosecutor met privately with the judge last week .  the actress entered rehab on august 2 , 2010 .  the previous judge ordered 90 days of reha .
 report : facebook working on an anonymous app <sec> report says facebook working on a secret-like anonymous sharing app .  facebook is no stranger to buying , or copying , competitors .  app will debut in a few weeks , new york times says .  facebook has mimicked flipboard , snapchat and even twitte .
 harry connick jr. plays 'your songs ' <sec> harry connick jr. 's new album , `` your songs , '' is collection of old and new standards .  connick was led to the project by sony executive clive davis .  wynton marsalis was drafted into a one-take solo on old elvis presley song .  new orleans has come a long way , says connick of his hometow .
 judge strikes down key part of defense in whitey bulger trial <sec> new : bulger 's attorneys say the federal government is covering up its role .  new : the justice department declines to comment .  former mob boss whitey bulger faces 19 murder counts .  a judge rules against part of his immunity clai .
 analysis : what 's at stake in afghanistan and pakistan ? <sec> amanpour : is the world prepared to see the taliban return to power ? .  they 'll bring their allies , al qaeda , with them , she says .  majority of afghans want nothing to do with the taliban , she says .  but they feel nato , u.s. troops have fallen short of their promises , she say .
 red carpet fashion : how to make the best-dressed list <sec> `` the help 's '' octavia spencer has stunned in tadashi shoji gowns .  fashion expert : not taking a fashion risk is a risk in itself .  rose byrne 's elie saab jumpsuit turned heads at the sag award .
 report : american held in north korea issues 'apology ' <sec> merrill newman was detained more than a month ago in north korea , his family says .  he issues an apology to north korea for his actions , state news reports .  `` i committed indelible offensive acts against '' north korea , he reportedly says .  state news claims investigators found newman `` masterminded espionage .
 nintendo hopes bigger is better with portable 3ds xl <sec> nintendo released the bigger nintendo 3ds xl on sunday . .  the mobile gaming device has a 90 % bigger screen than the current 3ds .  larger screen , bigger controls make for easier gameplay .  its 3-d screen is the same , so if the 3ds gives you headaches , the xl will to .
 exit polls : obama wins big among young , minority voters <sec> new : voters 65 and older only age group to go mccain 's way .  twice as many voters factored in age than did race .  obama scores large majority of first-time voters .  49 percent of those polled expect tax increase .
 why i vote , and you should too <sec> rosie perez : young people 's dreams can be shattered if we elect the wrong politicians .  perez : obama said that he wo n't deport young immigrants who may be illegal .  she says mitt romney may repeal policy , which would affect students who work hard .  perez : it 's especially important for people who care about kids and education to vot .
 14 alleged members of gambino crime family charged <sec> boss of gambino crime family , other members arrested , u.s. attorney says .  daniel marino , who u.s. attorney says is group 's boss , charged with murder .  one of marino 's charges connected to '89 killing of man who testified about mafia .  some defendants accused of operating prostitution business with girls as young as 1 .
 opinion : who still ca n't sit at america 's table <sec> stephanie coontz : 50 years ago , the house passed civil rights act , making discrimination illegal .  women , blacks , other minorities have gained since then , but still suffer from inequality , she says .  poverty , lack of social mobility unduly affect blacks , she says , and women 's pay lags .  coontz : some have done well , but poor of all races unwelcome at the american prosperity tabl .
 florida teen killed after row that began with loud-music complaint <sec> a 17-year-old is dead after a weekend shooting in a gas station parking lot .  a florida man is facing a murder charge .  the suspect 's attorney says her client reacted after he felt threatened by teens .  the encounter began with the suspect complaining about the teens ' loud music , police sa .
 australian open : serena williams ' win means trouble for her rivals <sec> serena williams crushes dominika cibulkova at the australian open .  williams moves into the semifinals against madison keys .  keys prevents an all-williams clash by downing venus williams .  novak djokovic , stan wawrinka to face off in men 's semifinal .
 woman missing 11 years sentenced to year in jail <sec> brenda heist , 54 , is ordered to serve 364 days for violating probation .  she left her family behind 11 years ago .  she was convicted this year of identity theft , but violated probation .  in may , she turned herself in and identified herself as the missing woma .
 new york city requires flu vaccine in city preschools and day cares <sec> children under 5 in city-licensed pre-schools , day cares must receive flu vaccine .  the move is one of outgoing mayor michael bloomberg 's final health initiatives .  the vaccine will be added to seven others required for children under .
 fifa announce world player nominees <sec> fifa announce list of nominations for the world player of the year award .  the annual ceremony takes place in zurich , switzerland on december 21 .  reigning holder cristiano ronaldo of real madrid nominated once agai .
 3 dead , over 2 million without power as snowstorm slams northeast , mid-atlantic <sec> new : the number of those without power in new jersey and new york rises .  massachusetts reports storm-related fatality , bringing total to 3 across the northeast .  the national weather service reports 15 inches of snow in one new jersey town .  thousands of air travelers are affected , many in the new york are .
 how fukushima changed world 's attitudes to nuclear <sec> the fukushima nuclear disaster changed attitudes towards nuclear power .  germany shut down its oldest reactors and plans to phase-out nuclear by 2022 .  emerging markets are investing heavily into nuclear powe .
 the scene : robots dominate 'terminator ' <sec> `` terminator salvation '' filmmakers decide to use many real robots .  idea to avoid cgi was partly in tribute to special effects master stan winston .  film is the fourth in the `` terminator '' serie .
 giving up finance for photojournalism <sec> alissa everett was deciding on a mba program when she decided to do some soul-searching .  a childhood dream of being a national geographic photographer was still what she wanted to do .  everett takes photos to tell stories for people who can ' .
 wine 2.0 : internet changes wine appreciation <sec> `` wine library tv '' internet show has about 40,000 regular viewers .  show takes irreverent look at wine business .  wine consumption has risen in united states for last 15 year .
 sehwag strikes to give india hope <sec> sri lanka reduced to 45-2 in their second innings against india .  hosts lead by 34 runs with eight wickets remaining in third test .  virender sehwag takes two late wickets to offer india hope of victory .  sri lanka lead the three match series 1- .
 iraq takes command of camp victory <sec> united states hands control of camp victory to iraq .  the sprawling base was once one of the united states ' largest in iraq .  u.s. troops are preparing to fully withdraw from iraq by year 's en .
 cuba says 9,000 restaurants can now be privately owned <sec> the restaurants had been government-owned , as are many businesses in cuba .  by being privately run , the restaurants will better serve tourists , an analyst says .  some restaurants in the island nation already are privately owned .  they `` offer interesting new dishes and they are doing very well , '' the analyst say .
 judge blocks law on cigarette pack warnings <sec> judge cites first amendment rights against unconstitutionally compelled speech .  court acts `` to preserve the status quo , '' he says .  case may not be resolved for years , expert says .  more than 400,000 americans die of tobacco-related disease each yea .
 foreman : you say you want a revolution ? <sec> tom foreman wonders if u.s. might have unrest similar to britain 's .  he saw rioting first-hand while working in los angeles in 1992 .  foreman says figuring out what would trigger a riot is extremely difficul .
 timeline of iran 's controversial nuclear program <sec> iran began building a nuclear power program in the 1970s .  by the 1990s , the united states was expressing concerns about military uses .  in recent months the situation has become increasingly tens .
