 for veterans in crisis , a lifeline <sec> many hot line callers are young vets of iraq , afghanistan wars struggling with reintegration .  some call for info on medical , mental health services ; others call as a last resort .  center emerged from criticism that va not properly responding to vets in crisis .  hot line 's number is 800-273-8255 ; chat line available at http : //www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org .
 obama 's toast to the queen interrupted by the orchestra <sec> musicians apparently thought president obama had concluded .  obama keeps speaking over `` god save the queen .
 repeal of 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' seen as 'tipping point ' in gay rights movement <sec> the repeal of the `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' policy will become final on tuesday .  the law , barring gays from serving openly in the military , was enacted in 1993 .  obama signed a bill repealing it in late 2010 , setting off a transition process .  an ex-air force sergeant outed by the policy says the military often does n't like chang .
 superlative kaymer claims title as westwood fails in no.1 bid <sec> martin kaymer of germany wins the alfred dunhill links championship .  the victory increases his lead over second-placed graeme mcdowell in the race to dubai .  lee westwood fails in his bid to take over as world number one from tiger woods .  danny willett of england finishes with a 67 to claim second plac .
 uruguay seal spot in copa america final <sec> uruguay beat peru 2-0 to reach the final of the 2011 copa america .  liverpool striker luis suarez scored a second half brace to secure the win .  paraguay face venezuela in wednesday 's second semifina .
 bodies of slain u.s. officers return home <sec> lt. col. john loftis and maj. robert marchanti ii were killed friday .  they were killed in the spasm of violence that has wracked afghanistan for a week .  marchanti was a `` gentle giant '' who taught in maryland schools , a colleague said .  loftis had just marked his 44th birthday , his mother sai .
 new boss at atf announces major shake-up at the troubled agency <sec> atf is laboring under the cloud of `` operation fast and furious '' .  firearms from the u.s. wound up in the hands of mexican drug cartels .  the acting director concedes `` these have been difficult times for everyone in atf '' .  he announces a major shake-up , with 11 high-level change .
 clinton : improving foreign health is good policy <sec> ex-president , bill gates testify before senate foreign relations committee .  they talked about why global health should be important to u.s . .  `` we have to build a world with more partners and fewer adversaries , '' clinton say .
 obama , romney inspire visions for america <sec> barack obama and mitt romney 's visions generated a passionate discussion .  some readers explained their voting choices ; others offered their own visions .  share your vision for america in the comments or post your reaction at cnn irepor .
 no bourbon summit for obama , mcconnell yet <sec> president barack obama and kentucky sen. mitch mcconnell met for their third private meeting on wednesday .  there was no bourbon at the meeting , though obama had joked previously about holding a `` bourbon summit '' .  mcconnell is expected to be the incoming senate majority leade .
 california educator charged with felonies in youtube sexual abuse case <sec> new : there 's no statute of limitations on the most serious charges , da 's office says .  andrea cardosa is expected in court on thursday , could face life in prison if convicted .  authorities say she is the educator accused in a youtube video of sexual abuse .  `` our justice system requires more than a youtube video , '' her attorney say .
 strauss-kahn admits rough approach to sex <sec> strauss-kahn : `` i am discovering that my sexuality is perhaps rougher than most men 's '' .  a sex worker tells the court that strauss-kahn subjected her to an unsolicited sex ac .
 rising to the great wall 's challenges <sec> the great wall of china is symbol of national pride and unity .  china struggles with how to manage and protect it as it promotes mass market tourism .  there are rites of passage attached to the great wall ; one is to sleep on it .  those who do should bring food and water to share , a sleeping bag and storie .
 nico rosberg pips mercedes rival lewis hamilton <sec> nico rosberg takes pole position for the canadian grand prix sunday .  mercedes teammate lewis hamilton finishes 0.079 seconds slower in second .  hamilton predicts another close race with rosberg after tense monaco grand prix .  red bull 's world champion sebastian vettel lines up thir .
 i want to hate santorum ... but i ca n't <sec> lz granderson : rick santorum 's anti-gay rhetoric helps create climate of hate .  he says rhetoric justifies , for some people , acting out against gays .  granderson gets angry , but knows santorum is more than just his rhetoric .  granderson : we have to engage with the views of those we disagree wit .
 'good wife ' co-creator robert king teases what 's to come this season <sec> `` the good wife '' returns for a new season on sunday .  co-creator says fans will see more of the character cary .  he also says viewers will witness a peter who really wants to wi .
 survivor : without vital port , 'we 'll starve to death , that 's all ' <sec> tuesday 's 7.0 earthquake severely damaged port-au-prince 's harbor .  workers say sea shipments are vital for haitians ' survival .  without the port , `` we 'll just starve to death , '' trucker warn .
 chelsea go second as arsenal drop points in tottenham derby draw <sec> manchester united lead premier league by six points with six matches to play .  defending champions chelsea go above arsenal into second on goal difference .  arsenal blow a 3-1 lead in six-goal north london derby draw away to tottenham .  chelsea capitalize with 3-1 victory over birmingham as florent malouda scores twic .
 texas hospital 's misleading ebola statements <sec> dallas hospital not forthright about its missteps on ebola .  two texas health presbyterian nurses contracted the virus caring for an infected patient .  the hospital has still not explained how that happened .  it has also yet to explain why it took days to get experimental dru .
 remains of firefighter killed in 9/11 attacks identified <sec> firefighter jeffrey walz was killed in the attack on the world trade center .  walz , 37 , was last seen in the north tower .  his remains were identified by city medical examiner 's offic .
 jordanian teen accused of trying to bomb dallas office tower <sec> authorities : man , 19 , tried to set off bomb at the base of 60-story office tower .  hosam maher husein smadi arrested thursday .  authorities : fbi ensured device was n't explosive after learning of smadi 's plans .  smadi had revealed plans to an undercover fbi agent , authorities sa .
 brazil president vetoes parts of polarizing forest code <sec> forest code regulates how much land should be maintained as native forest .  congress approved updates last month that were slammed by environmentalists .  president vetoes articles that would have eliminated reforestation requirement .
 anti-regime gunmen battle police in cameroon <sec> gunman and police battle on a bridge in doula , cameroon .  the violence comes days before a presidential election .  unrest was expected after president biya , in office nearly 30 years , opted to seek another ter .
 amazon indians accused of cannibalizing farmer <sec> five members of the kulina tribe on the run after being accused of cannibalism .  they are accused of murdering , butchering and eating a farmer in a ritual act .  victim was herding cattle when he met indians who invited him back to their village .  suspected indians escaped after being held for a few hours at a police statio .
 new york times report casts doubt on al qaeda involvement in benghazi <sec> new york times article says competing storylines about 2012 benghazi attack likely are both wrong .  the report says contrary to gop assertions , al qaeda was probably not involved in the attack .  the article suggests independent libyan militias played a key role instead .  report : anti-muslim video may have sparked the violence , but not solely , as suggested by obama administratio .
 tommy hilfiger 's 'shagadelic ' florida digs <sec> 'if it 's not shagadelic or groovy , it 's not coming into the house ' .  tommy and dee hilfiger aim for a 'wow ' factor in their florida residence .  pop and post-pop art treasures adorn the couple 's 14,000 square-foot home .  designer martyn lawrence planned 'part art gallery and part 1960s -- '70s disco madness .
 'mrs . brady ' turns 'cybermom ' to help seniors tackle tech <sec> florence henderson launches a new service to help seniors learn about computers .  the `` brady bunch '' actress had to overcome her own fear of technology .  floh club is a `` telephone-based technical support service '' .  it helps grandparents and others stay in touch with family via e-mail , webcam .
 five airline 'near misses ' prompt call for changes in safety rules <sec> national transportation safety board concerned about near misses during aborted landings .  board says standards inadequate , recommends faa improve aircraft separation .  incidents , four last year , occurred in las vegas , new york and charlotte .  safety issue arises when planes scrub landing and then pull up to circle airpor .
 services set for boxing legend joe frazier <sec> services are scheduled for monday in philadelphia .  frazier was diagnosed with liver cancer only recently .  public may view his remains friday , saturda .
 court filing : man accused of stalking espn reporter to plead guilty <sec> suspect 's lawyer : client apologizes to erin andrews .  man accused of surreptitiously taping espn reporter nude , posting videos online .  michael david barrett , 48 , expected to make plea on december 15 .  authorities say andrews was filmed through peephole in hotel room .
 norway expects islamist terrorism attempt within days <sec> norwegian police say terrorists could strike `` in a few days '' .  the information is credible , police say .  authorities do n't know who is involved or what the plot is .  norway has long been threatened by islamist extremist .
 search turns up no new evidence in aaron hernandez case <sec> divers failed to turn up any new evidence at the pond .  authorities were looking for the gun used to kill odin lloyd , police say .  former new england patriot aaron hernandez is charged with lloyd 's murder .  hernandez has pleaded not guilty in the june slayin .
 biz stone : humans can outsmart the internet <sec> twitter co-founder biz stone has launched a new social search engine , jelly .  stone also has a book coming out next month about harnessing creativity .  stone : `` we 've become the most connected humanity that 's ever existed '' .  entrepreneur spoke to cnn at south by southwest this wee .
 clinton backs obama 's cuba moves <sec> hillary clinton endorsed president barack obama 's announcement to normalize relations with cuba .  clinton called the release of u.s. contractor alan gross `` great news .
 missile strikes on syria likely response to chemical attack - cnnpolitics.com <sec> u.s. evidence includes satellite imagery , official says .  obama is considering how to respond to syrian chemical attack .  official : obama could be presented with options within days .  a u.s. strike `` ca n't just be one and done , '' a middle east analyst say .
 attackers kill 3 north korean physicians in nigeria , official says <sec> the doctors were assisting a local hospital , police chief says .  ten suspects have been arrested , but police do n't know who 's behind the slayings .  on friday , nine health workers giving polio vaccinations were killed in nigeria 's largest cit .
 pirates hijack 3 ships off somalia <sec> pirates hijacked three ships off the coast of somalia in one day .  attacks are the latest of several to generate international concern .  iranian , german and japanese-flagged vessels all boarde .
 world cup : france sees off nigeria to reach last eight <sec> france defeats nigeria 2-0 in world cup last-16 clash .  paul pogba 's second-half header gives french advantage .  joseph yobo nets an own-goal in stoppage time .  france will play germany in the quarterfinal .
 african leaders sign congo peace deal <sec> new : u.n.-backed deal could get democratic republic of congo out of `` current morass '' .  leaders from several african countries sign the deal .  it is meant to stabilize the nation 's restive eastern region .  congo 's army is fighting the m23 rebel grou .
 experts : vets ' ptsd , violence a growing problem <sec> veterans are accused of homicides in washington and california .  violence by returning veterans may be on the rise , experts say .  some may experience relationship difficulties or struggle with substance abuse .  loved ones can be key in encouraging vets to seek hel .
 who 's king -- customer or employee ? <sec> motivation and aligned goals are absolutely critical to success .  being competitive comes from having better ideas than your competition .  jwt idea : `` nothing more or less than a new combination of old elements .
 malaysian mp apologizes for world cup hitler tweet <sec> malaysian mp apologizes for mentioning hitler in world cup tweet .  tweet drew incredulous responses , to which the politician replied .  malaysian prime minister said the minister did n't speak for the malay people .  german ambassador to malaysia said the comparison was `` unacceptable .
 obama praises poland , blasts belarus during trip <sec> new : obama says situation in belarus is `` unacceptable '' .  obama is on the last leg of his european trip .  he met with the polish president .  obama praised the democratic transformation of the countr .
 improvements seen four years after the indian ocean tsunami <sec> the devastation of the 2004 tsunami stretched across the indian ocean .  hundreds of thousands left homeless , and poor and isolated communities worse off .  humanitarian groups have helped rebuild schools , homes , and get people working .  groups say long-term improvement of water and sanitation is critica .
 russia questions ukraine holding an election while troops are deployed <sec> new : nato chief : it 's `` the gravest crisis to european security '' since the cold war .  ukrainian security services say 30 militants were killed in recent days .  russian foreign minister sergey lavrov calls timing of presidential vote unusual .  lavrov rules out second international meeting on ukrain .
 andy griffith buried shortly after death , source says <sec> the body of andy griffith was buried tuesday morning less than five hours after he died .  at the request of his family , his body was lowered into a grave on the island at about 11:30 a.m . .  he died at around 7 a.m . .  et at his home on roanoke island , north carolina .  `` it had been planned for some time , '' a funeral spokesperson sai .
 guardiola pessimistic over fabregas deal <sec> guardiola says arsenal will have final say in whether fabregas joins barcelona .  arsenal manager arsene wenger wants end to speculation over possible deal .  barca president sandro rosell believes deal may be delayed until next yea .
 jeb bush 's long campaign begins ? <sec> with early announcement , bush sets his mark on money and activists .  setting his mark , bush sets up steep climb for christie .  mitt romney 's shadow still lingers over bus .
 two nasa space probes reach moon 's orbit <sec> two unmanned nasa space probes reach the moon 's orbit tuesday morning .  one probe sent back live video on the internet as it passed the moon .  an orbiter will collect data to help plan a possible lunar outpos .
 tsa to swab airline passengers ' hands in search for explosives <sec> after christmas day attack , agency to begin random swabbings .  previously , screeners swabbed some carry-on luggage and other objects .  security experts call hand swabbing a good move .  privacy advocates back tests , provided tsa tests only for security , does n't discriminat .
 muhammad ali 's missing championship ring returned <sec> ali 's former wife loaned the ring to a friend dying of cancer in 2004 .  the ring disappeared for six years after the friend 's death .  a federal judge ordered the widow to return the ring monda .
 5 house races to watch in 2014 <sec> all 435 house seats are up in midterms and democrats must win 17 gop seats to regain control .  the tea party is mounting a challenge against senior republicans .  democrats wo n't have the down-ballot help from president obama this electio .
 her vision : better , clearer sight <sec> marguerite mcdonald performed the world 's first laser vision correction surgery .  she also conducted the first custom laser surgeries in the united states .  several pharmaceutical and medical device companies also use mcdonald as a consultan .
 gay men sue counselors who promised to make them straight <sec> therapy put gay teens at risk of `` depression , anxiety and self-destructive behavior , '' suit says .  jonah center claims to help people `` struggling with unwanted same-sex sexual attractions '' .  lawsuit contends therapists made false promises to turn gay teens straight .  lawyer : `` this is the first time that plaintiffs have sought to hold conversion therapists liable .
 teens chase kidnapping suspect on bikes , save 5-year-old girl <sec> 5-year-old jocelyn rojas disappeared from her front yard in pennsylvania .  authorities scoured the neighborhood , asking if anyone had seen her .  15-year-old temar boggs and his friend took off on their bikes to search .  after following the suspect 's car for 15 minutes , the driver stopped and let the girl ou .
 real life 'jaws ' couple fight to save sharks <sec> australian couple have been filming sharks for nearly 50 years .  worked on 1975 film 'jaws ' and filmed numerous documentaries .  committed to saving species of shark endangered by increased shark finnin .
 state report finds casey anthony 'responsible ' for daughter 's death <sec> new : the report was released as a `` professional courtesy , '' a state spokeswoman says .  the sheriff 's office wo n't take action based on the report , a sheriff 's spokesman says .  the girl 's mother `` is the caregiver responsible '' for her death , the report finds .  a florida jury acquitted casey anthony on murder charge .
 discovering dubai 's urban vibrance <sec> a thriving downtown of towering buildings and crowded markets awaits travelers in dubai .  get a 360-degree view from atop the burj khalifa , the world 's tallest building .  from shopping to a sunset desert adventure , get the most out of your trip to duba .
 wisconsin judge dismisses 1 of 3 suits challenging controversial law <sec> judge maryann sumi said dane county lacks standing to sue .  she has put the law on hold and will hear another suit .  the law curbs the collective bargaining rights of most state employee .
 phil spector found guilty of actress ' 2003 murder <sec> new : defense says it will appeal ; `` we do n't believe justice was done '' .  phil spector guilty of second-degree murder at retrial .  he faces 15 years to life in prison for shooting death of lana clarkson .  renowned music producer accused in death of actress in 200 .
 manchin 's office : no indication w.va. governor is under investigation <sec> west virginia gets federal subpoenas .  governor 's office says governor , staff were not served .  governor is seeking the late robert byrd 's senate seat .  watchdog organization says governor is target of prob .
 best viral relationship advice <sec> seth adam smith 's blog post `` marriage is n't for me '' drew 24 million page views in four days .  his father 's advice -- `` you marry to make someone else happy '' -- proved to have mass appeal .  grandparents , divorcees tend to be ripe sources for relationship advice on the interne .
 plane crash kills 14 at nigeria airport <sec> six people survived the crash in lagos .  the plane , with 20 aboard , crashed while taking off thursday .  body of late governor of ondo state was aboard the aircraft .  his relatives were accompanying his bod .
 report : cantona arrested on suspicion of assault <sec> london 's metropolitan police say they arrested man wednesday afternoon , but wo n't release name .  cantona 's representatives could n't be immediately reached for comment .  police : suspect cautioned .  alleged victim , a man , did n't need medical assistance , police sa .
