 australian airline runs out of money , stranding thousands <sec> air australia runs out of money , leaving about 4,000 passengers stranded .  the airline has gone into administration and grounded its fleet .  it advises customers to make alternative travel arrangements .  people are left stranded in hawaii , thailand , indonesia and australi .
 hijacked oil tanker seen as bad sign in piracy crisis <sec> new : the ship was ultimately bound for the u.s. , official says .  new : if left unabated , piracy can strangle crucial shipping lines .  the latest occurred about 350 nautical miles southeast of muscat .  the tanker 's crew numbers 25 peopl .
 newtown school shooting 911 calls released <sec> new : `` it 's a sad reminder of what happened , '' the father of a 6-year-old victim says .  `` there 's still shooting going on . .  please ! '' .  a school caller tells 911 dispatcher .  911 calls offer chilling glimpse into sandy hook school massacre .  the 2012 shooting left 26 people dead , including 20 childre .
 ben savage on 'boy meets world ' sequel <sec> savage will play the father in the `` boy meets world '' reboot .  he said he and co-star danielle fishel had a lot of talk about what to do .  in real life he does n't have any children of his ow .
 opinion : products fade away , not american workers <sec> bob greene : ads for long-gone products a record of what lasts , what does n't , in u.s. commerce .  he says labor day reminds of enduring importance of worker as fashions , retail tides shift .  who gets excited about a de soto , an underwood typewriter ? .  just the work force that built them .  greene : one certainty in america : given opportunity , americans always have known how to buil .
 bush attorney general nominee gets key democratic support <sec> new : feinstein , schumer say they 'll vote for attorney general nominee .  michael mukasey 's nomination now expected to pass judiciary committee .  sen. patrick leahy says he will not vote to confirm michael mukasey .  committee scheduled to vote on nomination on tuesda .
 more car burnings hit berlin neighborhoods <sec> new : at least 50 cars have been torched since monday , police say .  police offer 5,000-euro reward for information leading to arrests .  the vandalism heightens fears in normally quiet and wealthy districts in berli .
 four other priorities for obama 's next four years ( besides the economy ) <sec> ireporters had surprising answers on what obama should tackle in his second term .  middle east policy , immigration among top concerns .  answers differ somewhat from 2012 election issue .
 zimbabwe drops charges against members of medical team <sec> the four americans were from a california aids ministry .  two others were from zimbabwe and new zealand .  they have operations in harare and mutok .
 at least 5 killed in attack on kenyan village <sec> attackers went house to house targeting residents in the village , witnesses say .  six people have been admitted to a local hospital with serious injuries .  the village is in the same region as mpeketoni , where a previous attack killed dozen .
 circumcision reduces risk of herpes and hpv infection <sec> study : circumcision reduces risk of hpv infection and herpes , but not syphilis .  circumcision known to reduce risk of hiv infection and penile cancer .  64 percent of american baby boys circumcised in '95 , down from 90 percent in 70 .
 'african century ' hits london 's fanciest districts <sec> wealthy africans are investing in some of london 's most upscale real estate .  some nigerians are spending as much as $ 37 million on houses .  property experts say african investment in london is set to gro .
 israeli pm vows financial changes following nationwide protests <sec> netanyahu announced he will gather a roundtable to develop a plan .  tens of thousands took to the streets saturday night in 10 major cities .  8 men were arrested late saturday night .  activists have set up tent citie .
 twitter to roll out 'mute ' feature <sec> twitter is rolling out a `` mute '' feature that will let you silence certain users .  the muted user wo n't know you 've muzzled them , and you can unmute them anytime .  new function will roll out to all twitter users `` in the coming weeks .
 body of slain iraqi woman to be flown home for burial <sec> the state department expressed its condolences .  a memorial service will be held tuesday .  police have not ruled out the possibility the attack may be a hate crime .  a note left beside the woman called the family `` terrorists , '' her daughter say .
 spain shutting down restaurant for defying smoking ban <sec> the restaurant 's owner has vowed to defy the law .  he says he wo n't pay nearly $ 200,000 fine .  the closing of the restaurant would be the first in spain , an official say .
 opinion : how we can keep kids from shooting people <sec> judith palfrey : gun violence a health threat to kids ; new jersey shooting is an example .  she says 6,570 people ages 1 to 24 died from firearm injuries in 2010 .  she says americans must commit to gun laws to keep kids safe .  palfrey : we need simple , strict rules to get americans to change their habits on gun .
 online tools aimed at educating parents about synthetic drugs <sec> the partnership at drugfree.org unveils online info tools on synthetics .  the kits include a podcast and video , a slide cast and a printable guide .  poison control centers see a huge jump in synthetic-drug-related calls .  drug policy director : spice , k2 , other synthetics `` can cause serious harm .
 officials : 'air pirate ' claims bomb , tries to have plane go to sochi <sec> ukraine says the suspect turned himself in ; a turkish governor says otherwise .  `` we were trying to persuade him and he was n't persuaded , '' governor says .  passenger says there 's a bomb in the plane 's baggage hold , says it should fly to sochi .  f-16 jets escort the plane to istanbul , where it lands safely ; authorities detain the suspec .
 man 's best friend being phased into dorm life <sec> some universities adding pets to `` acceptable '' list of dorm possessions .  students at mit can bring cats , according to boston globe article .  allergens , fleas , mess listed as reasons for concern by one school dean .  i feel students have too much going on to take care of a pet , student say .
 domo arigato , mr roboto : japan 's robot revolution <sec> japan has long portrayed robots in popular culture , paving the way for the country 's robotic industry .  interactive robots at tokyo exhibition give visitors a firsthand look at some innovative examples .  japan 's prime minister hopes the robotics industry will be a major economic contributor in the futur .
 when to take a sleeping pill <sec> one in four americans takes a sleep aid every year , organization says .  some studies say cognitive behavioral therapy works as well as pills .  expert : otc sleep aids are best for people with occasional sleep problems . .  never drink alcohol and then immediately take a sleep ai .
 property tax avalanche threatens homeowners on historic coastal island <sec> fewer than 50 of the gullah-geechee people remain on georgia 's coastal sapelo island .  after property taxes were increased by as much as 600 % , many fear they will have to sell .  the community `` is a part of history . .  it will be a shame not to preserve '' it , a resident says .  `` we have to follow the law , and assess at fair market value , '' the county attorney say .
 stimulus money restoring crumbling fort off florida <sec> work on fort jefferson , 70 miles past key west , began in 1846 .  because of advances in artillery , the fort became obsolete before it was even finished .  though never attacked in wars , hurricanes and salt air have taken their toll .  an estimated 100 jobs have been generated by $ 7 million worth of stimulus fund .
 sharapova vs. azarenka : no . 1 rivals to battle for australian open title <sec> maria sharapova and victoria azarenka will contest saturday 's australian open final .  russian fourth seed sharapova beat czech no . .  2 petra kvitova 6-2 3-6 6-4 .  no . .  3 azarenka reached her first grand slam final with win over champion kim clijsters .  three-time grand slam sharapova won their most recent meeting in may 201 .
 vilanova returns as barca get back to work <sec> tito vilanova returns to barcelona training ground after operation to remove a tumor .  the barca coach had a tumor removed from his parotid gland on december 20 .  vilanova visited players ahead of the match between catalan national team and nigeria .  barca continuing their charge towards the spanish title against espanyol on sunda .
 easy ways to save up to hundreds of dollars <sec> consumer reports says many people do n't use half their phone minutes .  car insurance can go down if you 've made life changes that make you safer .  internet sites allow you to swap cds and dvds instead of buying new one .
 new york remains are identified as those of shannan gilbert <sec> authorities confirm that a body discovered this week was that of shannan gilbert .  police say the cause of her death has not yet been determined .  gilbert 's may 2010 disappearance led to the discovery of other bodies on long islan .
 mo'ne davis : little league 's game changer ( opinion ) <sec> 13-year-old phenom pitcher mo'ne davis ' shutout a first for a girl playing little league .  roxanne jones : mo'ne a joy for all bleacher creatures who were n't allowed to play .  jones : mo'ne is game changer in breaking down gender stereotypes in baseball .  jones : marketers want to make her into a commodity , but she 's a role model on her ow .
 the growing push to track your location indoors <sec> apple buy highlights growing `` indoor gps '' capabilities .  tools give users directions inside malls , hospitals , convention halls .  tech combines gps with accelerometers , compasses in phones .  privacy is a concern for some potential user .
 obama 's isis , ebola `` mission creep '' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama risks getting sucked into deeper and deeper conflicts .  isis campaign has widened in recent months .  after initially being left out of ebola response , the pentagon is playing a bigger rol .
 double amputee loses legs , finds a cause <sec> fishing trip turned tragic for 16-year-old jordan thomas .  double amputee discovered others struggling to pay for prosthetic limbs .  jordan thomas foundation has raised $ 350k to help those struggling to pay .  legislation addresses payment gap , but more needed , say advocate .
 officials : u.s. airstrikes pound isis near iraqi dam <sec> new : growing concern mosul dam is not being properly maintained by isis , u.s. official says .  new : u.s. intelligence agencies are watching the haditha dam , the official says .  u.s. fighter jets and drones carry out airstrikes near mosul and irbil , the u.s. military says .  yazidi leader tells a british broadcaster the death toll in kojo village is at least 35 .
 bomb plot suspect arrested trying to catch flight to dubai <sec> new : faisal shahzad was arrested at jfk airport in new york .  new : suspect is the person who bought a suv used in the bombing attempt , authorities said .  suv in new york bomb plot was bought for cash with no paperwork exchange .
 pope : u.s. trip will include three cities <sec> new yorkers will be `` humbled and honored to hear his message , '' mayor says .  pope francis tells reporters his u.s. trip will include three cities .  in philadelphia , he 'll attend the world meeting of familie .
 greece mystery girl : interpol says no dna match in its database <sec> parents of a missing child in missouri are among those to contact greek authorities .  tests indicate maria is 5 to 6 years of age -- older than initially thought .  about 10 cases of missing children from four countries are being looked at , charity say .
 kids roll up sleeves for h1n1 clinical trial <sec> national institutes of health has specific h1n1 vaccine trials for children .  people 6 months to 24 years at high risk of developing h1n1 complications .  studies compare h1n1 and seasonal shots , look at dosage .  doctor : data gathered will be crucial for proving vaccine safe for kid .
 ringo starr marks his birthday with 'peace and love ' <sec> ringo starr turned 72 on saturday .  the former beatles drummer calls for `` peace and love '' .  starr celebrates his birthday at the hard rock cafe in nashvill .
 'big time ' nfl fan mcilroy angry despite sharing bmw lead <sec> rory mcilroy shares the lead at the bmw championship in colorado .  northern irishman tied with jordan spieth and gary woodland at -3 .  mcilroy was out in front on -5 until two late bogeys tarnished his round .  u.s. open champion martin kaymer among group of nine players at - .
 vietnam vets receive presidential citation for heroism <sec> 86 in army 's troop a , first squadron , 11th armored cavalry regiment recognized .  cavalry saved 100 fellow soldiers trapped under enemy fire in vietnam .  leader of 1970 rescue says award is for all vietnam veterans .  presidential unit citation recognizes extraordinary heroism against armed enem .
 actor bob hoskins announces retirement <sec> hoskins was diagnosed with parkinson 's disease last year .  he first gained fame with `` pennies from heaven '' in 1978 .  he may be best known for his role in `` who framed roger rabbit '' .  he was nominated for an academy award for 1986 's `` mona lisa .
 psychologist : hinckley 'would not pose a significant risk ' <sec> testimony in 11th day in hearing on giving john hinckley more freedoms .  forensic psychologist says he believes hinckley `` would not pose a significant risk '' .  government prosecutors oppose mental hospital 's visitation plan .  hinckley , 56 , wounded four people in the 1981 attempt on president reagan 's lif .
 report details abuse of christians <sec> u.s. panel reports examples of intimidation , violence against christians in iraq .  report : christians urged to convert to islam , attacked if they do n't obey islamic laws .  christian priests , missionaries have been kidnapped and killed , report say .
 explosive device set off aboard airliner <sec> white house is considering the incident an attempted terrorist attack .  passenger is immediately subdued ; fbi investigating .  flight originated in amsterdam , netherlands , ended in detroit , michiga .
 opinion : anti-gay law shames putin 's russia <sec> tanya lokshina 's friend told of being gay youth in soviet town . .  doctor told him to keep it quiet .  but she says in modern russia being gay did not mean being closeted until new law passed .  law bans promoting gay relationships ; this flouts charter of olympics , she says .  lokshina : putin denies discrimination , but message to lgbt people is clea .
 venezuelan beauty queen monica spear slain ; daughter survives <sec> father : `` this is something that never should have happened '' .  monica spear , a former miss venezuela , was shot dead monday night .  investigators believe robbery was the motive in the slayings of spear , ex-husband .  their 5-year-old daughter survived with a bullet wound in her le .
 2 'lucky ' baseball aficionados to watch every 2011 game in 'fan cave ' <sec> two contest winners will watch every game of the 2011 baseball season .  the brand-new `` mlb fan cave '' opens thursday on baseball 's opening day .  it 's a 15,000 square foot baseball fan 's dream located in lower manhattan .  winners will watch all 2,430 games , plus post-season , on 15 screen .
 feds : international gambling ring known as 'macho sports ' busted <sec> new : other alleged ringleader is detained ; 2 of the 18 charged are at large , spokesman says .  set up in panama and later moved to peru , macho sports had customers in u.s . .  they could bet on sports events through bookies , by phone and through internet sites .  macho sports ' employees used `` intimidation , threats and violence , '' authorities sa .
 peruvian authorities reopen investigation into forced sterilizations <sec> nobody really knows how many women were forcibly sterilized throughout peru .  the investigation was reopened in october .  `` i felt mutilated , '' said a mother who has won a court cas .
 2 dead , 2 rescued , 1 missing in navy helicopter crash off virginia <sec> new : another navy sailor dies , bringing the death toll to 2 , the navy says .  new : the search continues for a missing sailor .  4 were hoisted to safety within an hour of accident , including 2 who would die .  the crash happened in the late morning about 20 miles off the southern virginia coas .
 china 'baby hatch ' inundated with abandoned children <sec> jinan 'baby hatch ' overwhelmed since opening on june 1 .  over 100 children abandoned , all had disabilities or medical conditions .  city has had to introduce new rules to reduce number of babies , children .  babies must now be less than one year old , from the local are .
 computer hacking for 8-year-olds <sec> def con kids is a program at the annual def con hackers conference in las vegas .  beginner hackers between ages 8 and 18 are taught hacking techniques and ethics .  nsa chief gen. keith alexander praises the program and its kid .
 maldonado takes maiden win as f1 bosses probe spanish fire <sec> venezuelan pastor maldonado takes first formula one win in only his second season .  maldonado 's williams team secures first win since 2004 in spain on sunday .  fernando alonso finishes second to join sebastian vettel at top of standings .  mclaren 's lewis hamilton fights from back of the grid to take eighth plac .
 3 armies raid rebel camp in eastern congo <sec> three african armies raid rebel camp in democratic republic of congo .  congo 's national army joined ugandan forces , sudanese militia in operation .  talks to end fighting in eastern congo , find lasting peace have stalled .  recent fighting has seen 250,000 people flee their home .
 california to fine utility $ 2.25 billion for fatal pipeline failure <sec> new : regulators could approve the recommended fine in late summer .  the san bruno , california , explosion killed 8 people .  the blast destroyed dozens of homes in the san francisco suburb .  proposed $ 2.25 billion fine would be largest state penalty , regulator say .
 juventus unbeaten run ended by milito double ; barca and bayern stay top <sec> inter milan beat juventus 3-1 in turin to end home side 's unbeaten run .  diego milito 's second half double sinks league leaders juve .  barcelona beat celta vigo 3-1 to stay top in spain .  bayern munich stretch bundesliga lead to seven point .
 musharraf : bhutto to blame for her assassination <sec> new : british counter-terrorism experts re-inspect bhutto 's vehicle .  new : bhutto 's assassination was her own fault , says musharraf in interview .  new : he blamed her for standing up outside the safety of an armored car .  bhutto 's husband , asif ali zardari , wants a u.n. inquiry into his late wife 's deat .
 police : children , adults hostage after illinois robbery <sec> 4 children are released ; 4 hostages remain .  police : 2 police officers responding to robbery are shot in harvey , illinois .  the suspects then take people hostage inside a home , police add .  law enforcement from around illinois converge on the residenc .
 jackson kids now have lawyer ; estate debate continues <sec> judge appointed attorney for interests of michael jackson 's children .  discussion between estate , aeg live is ongoing .  executors have deal in mind , katherine jackson has expressed objection .
 death toll up in ghana building collapse <sec> voices still heard under rubble , store spokesman says .  israeli sniffer dogs used to find survivors .  dozens have been pulled out so fa .
 amanda knox prosecutor : we had a strong case <sec> new : sentence makes no sense , co-defendant 's lawyer says .  knox , her former boyfriend raffaele sollecito sentenced for meredith kercher 's murder .  appeals mean convictions not final , italian prosecutor says .  meredith kercher 's sister : `` it 's not ever going to be the same .
 country music legend george jones dies at 81 <sec> george jones , 81 , dies at nashville hospital , public relations firm says .  he had been hospitalized since last week with fever and irregular blood pressure .  jones had tumultuous life ; years were marked by alcoholism .  he recorded `` he stopped loving her today , '' which many consider greatest country son .
 sudan : u.n. sends military to camp after 'killings ' <sec> united nations sends police and military patrols to a camp in western sudan .  move prompted by reports of fighting which killed civilians .  47 wounded people evacuated for treatment at a nearby hospita .
 wealthy singapore ranks as world 's most stoic nation <sec> new : economist intelligence unit ranks singapore high on `` where-to-be-born '' list .  nearly half of 15 former soviet republics trail singapore as `` emotionless '' in gallup survey .  singapore boasts a 1.9 % jobless rate , high per capita gdp .  philippines , meanwhile , registers as most emotional natio .
