 u.s. navy ships move closer to lebanon <sec> u.s. navy makes move amid a political standoff over lebanon 's presidency .  the presence is important , '' says chairman of joint chiefs of staff .  lebanon 's pro-western majority in parliament struggles with pro-syrian oppositio .
 topless travel photos latest travel rage <sec> three students in uk start topless travel photo trend .  travelers send in topless photos from around the world .  the topless tour has nearly 20,000 followers on instagra .
 cnn host piers morgan questioned in uk hacking investigation <sec> piers morgan says he was questioned by police looking into phone hacking claims .  he was interviewed in december while in britain , he says .  morgan , a cnn host , was formerly editor of two uk tabloid newspapers .  police are probing claims that journalists illegally accessed people 's voice mail to get storie .
 california man pulled off plane in north korea , detained , son says <sec> new : u.s. officials advise americans not to travel to north korea .  merrill newman , 85 , was detained on october 26 in pyongyang , his son says .  newman was taken off a departing plane by north korean authorities , his son says .  newman has a heart condition , and the family is uncertain if he has received medicatio .
 toll house cookie dough recalled , linked to e. coli <sec> 300,000 cases of nestle toll house refrigerated cookie dough being recalled .  66 cases of food-borne illness reported in 28 states ; dough is one common link .  dough may be contaminated with e. coli , which causes gastric symptoms .  nestle : e. coli not detected in product ; recall is safety precautio .
 electronic nose could spark end of sniffer dogs <sec> electronic nose to detect trace amounts of explosive compounds .  device to be used in high-risk areas , like airports and shipping terminals .  sensory array will recognize specific gases , like those found in tnt .  e-nose will equal smelling capabilities of canine nose , say researcher .
 'breaking bad ' flash-forward : everyone 's life 10 years from now <sec> ew imagines the future of 'breaking bad ' characters a decade from now .  brock is big into soccer and a straight-a student .  they envision skyler in remission after having battled lung cance .
 coral reefs sending a warning signal <sec> higher sea temperatures are damaging coral reefs around the world , says drew harvell .  she says the reefs provide a crucial habitat for fish and a lure for tourists .  some effects of global warming are most visible in our seas , she says .  as an ocean nation , the u.s. has much at risk , harvell say .
 rapper gucci mane arrested - again <sec> his real name is radric davis .  a friend said he was acting `` erratic '' .  police : he threatened and cursed at officer .
 judge : california teen is brain dead after tonsil surgery <sec> new : an attorney says the family has n't decided whether to appeal .  a judge rules that jahi mcmath is brain dead .  `` i just want her to have more time , '' her mother says .  13-year-old was declared brain dead after tonsil surger .
 troubleshoot your turf <sec> a good corn-gluten mix cures brown patches and weakens most fungi .  brown patches are often indicative of bug problems .  dog urine is high is nitrogen , so flush affected areas with wate .
 nyt columnist : yale detained my son , at gunpoint <sec> columnist charles blow tweeted that he was angry when his son was wrongfully detained at yale .  son described to his father , blow writes , that an officer brandished his gun .  yale confirmed that police were looking for a `` tall , african-american , college-aged student .
 cervical cancer vaccine not a simple choice <sec> human papillomavirus , or hpv , can cause cervical cancer .  gardasil , a vaccine against hpv , was approved for u.s. use in 2006 .  cdc : girls 11-12 should get the vaccine , before they 're sexually active .  reported side effects causing some parents to reconsider vaccinatio .
 report : va scandal may have killed more than 1,000 vets <sec> sen. tom coburn looks at lack of care , malpractice at va medical centers over the last decade .  the report from his office aggregates government investigations and media reports .  it says proper budgeting and management could have prevented many of the deaths .  the report also identifies crimes committed by va staf .
 3 killed in alabama university shooting <sec> three killed were faculty members at university of alabama in huntsville .  police leave open the possibility that more than one person has been detained .  shooting occurred about 4 p.m. in shelby hall , which is named for senato .
 engagement rings -- what you need to know <sec> think of the flirty , flashy princess cut as the `` yeah , baby ! '' .  stone .  the name for the marquise cut comes from 18th-century versailles .  a rose-cut diamond is domed and covered with facets .  the round diamond is the most popular shape for engagement ring .
 eastwood , the empty chair and the speech everyone 's talking about - cnnpolitics.com <sec> actor and director clint eastwood uses humor , satire to deride obama 's performance .  veteran actor addressed an empty chair in a speech that left some on twitter baffled .  eastwood , a longtime republican , said it 's time to give mitt romney a shot at presidenc .
 identifying the victims of airasia flight qz8501 <sec> red cross and hospital workers in pangkalan bun , indonesia receive bodies from downed airliner .  hospital director says many of the victims are intact despite being found in the water .  remains to be transported to surabaya for formal identification by relative .
 samsung announces curved galaxy round <sec> first result of samsung 's new flexible screen technology is on the new galaxy round .  the phone has 5.7-inch curved display screen .  the round is only available in south korea , at least for no .
 has the middle east crisis reached a tipping point ? <sec> `` the blood is up . .  you have got retaliation , '' a middle east expert warns .  analysts say the escalating conflict between israel and hamas appears set to continue .  but a broader palestinian uprising against israel seems less likely .  both sides are sinking into a confrontation they do n't necessarily want , analysts sa .
 would you want to buy an amazon phone ? <sec> citigroup analyst : amazon is working on a phone .  the phone will be released in 2012 , the analyst says .  cnn has not confirmed the news and amazon has not commente .
 vermont city takes step toward banning assault rifles <sec> burlington city council passes resolution banning assault rifles , high-capacity magazines .  sponsoring city councilor prompted to act after connecticut school shooting .  many meeting attendees opposed the ban , calling it too broad and unwarrante .
 brain of new york rangers ' boogaard to be donated for research <sec> the cause of the death of derek boogaard has not been determined .  boogaard was found dead friday in his minneapolis apartment .  the 28-year-old hockey player joined the new york rangers in jul .
 31 children die in mexico day-care center fire <sec> new : hospital in california to treat some of the victims .  the victims were from 1 to 5 years old , official says .  the fire appears to have started in a warehouse next door to the state-run day care .  president felipe calderon orders investigation , sends condolence .
 high-tech war games help save lives <sec> the u.s. military uses simulation technology to train pilots , soldiers and medics .  medics train on life-like mannequins that can simulate combat injuries .  the mannequins have skin that bleeds and eyes that dilate .  high-tech simulators are small enough to ship to soldiers in comba .
 russian climbers move from pyramids to shanghai in bid to scale new heights <sec> russian thrillseekers climb unfinished skyscraper in shanghai .  the same men climbed the great pyramid of giza last year .  breathtaking views from atop a construction crane illustrate the risks .  pair 's blogs show a variety of death-defying climbs in awesome location .
 new white house report : climate change is here and action needed now <sec> president obama says climate change happening now .  a new government report outlines how climate change already affects the country .  administration officials `` fanning out '' across the country to publicize the report .  republicans criticize proposed government steps on climate chang .
 exhibit explores how hitler taught a nation to hate <sec> this is the first exhibit in germany that focuses on hitler .  on display are ordinary propaganda objects .  the curator hopes viewers will look inward as wel .
 mccain wins senate primary in arizona <sec> mccain 's bid for fifth term still on track .  meek to face rubio , crist in florida race for u.s. senate in november .  scott defeats mccollum in florida 's gop primary for governor .  five states had primaries tuesda .
 canadian terror suspect decries charges in hearing <sec> new : charges not based on islam 's holy book , terror suspect says .  chiheb essegheier , 30 , is accused of planning a terrorist attack .  raed jaser , 35 , his suspected accomplice , appeared at a court in toronto on tuesday .  the two are accused of plotting to target a u.s.-bound passenger trai .
 oscar-winning movie legend maurice jarre dies <sec> maurice jarre won three oscars during his career , all for scoring films by david lean .  during the 1980s , 1990s he scored music for `` ghost , '' `` witness , '' `` fatal attraction '' .  career recognized most recently at the berlin international film festiva .
 imprisoned former ukraine prime minister on hunger strike , alleging cell beating <sec> ukraine 's former prime minister , yulia tymoshenko , has n't taken food since friday night .  she is in prison serving a seven-year sentence for abuse of authority .  the prosecutor says his office investigated and found no `` proof '' of her allegation .
 maria shriver files for divorce <sec> new : shriver wants joint custody of the couple 's two minor children .  shriver and arnold schwarzenegger split after more than 25 years together .  he has admitted to fathering a child outside of his marriage .  shriver and schwarzenegger share four childre .
 cease-fire talks collapse between thailand , cambodia <sec> fresh clashes break out as talks collapse , a thai official says .  thailand says 27,000 people are living in shelters .  each side blames the other for the violence , which erupted near two disputed temple .
 luxor balloon flights set to resume <sec> flights set to resume wednesday , according to statement .  balloon flights grounded since tragic february accident .  luxor is among egypt 's top tourist draw .
 in conservative states , abortion pushback and an eye toward roe v. wade <sec> states are increasingly passing restrictive abortion laws .  increase is due to larger number of conservative-controlled statehouses , governorships .  goal is to use possible challenge to state law to get supreme court to revisit roe v. wad .
 hillary clinton trolls gop with tweet backing vaccines - cnnpolitics.com <sec> hillary clinton compared the anti-vaccine position to questioning whether the sky was blue or the earth was round .  some republican presidential hopefuls have questioned the safety of vaccines and whether they should be require .
 moammar gadhafi 's son extradited to libya from niger <sec> new : rights groups calls for due process for saadi gadhafi .  he is accused of trying to destabilize libya , prime minister says .  niger handed over son over to tripoli government .  new government sought extradition of ex-dictator 's relatives and ex-official .
 iran wants to hammer out a nuclear power 'roadmap ' with p5+1 <sec> iran has struck up a new , diplomatic tone with the united states and its allies .  iranian leaders will reveal a new plan to become energy independent on tuesday .  they meet with u.s. , russian , chinese , french , british and german ministers in geneva .  iran 's foreign minister says he can hammer out a deal with one more day with the p5+ .
 no blackberry playbook ? blame flash <sec> playbook supposed to be out the first quarter of 2011 , now releasing april 19 .  adobe flash is probably contributing to the delay .  the playbook 's late launch is related to touchscreen supply , some speculat .
 fda says it will deny request to ban bpa <sec> the fda says the decision does not represent a final safety determination .  the national resources defense council pressed the agency to respond to its request for a ban .  the agency says there are serious questions about studies showing bpa 's effects .  bisphenol a is a chemical used in bottles , cans and other container .
 saudis arrest more than 100 alleged terrorists <sec> ministry claim accused plotted attacks on police , strikes against oil installations .  arrests linked to 2009 attack on police unit by saudis disguised as women .  two suicide cells linked to al qaeda , interior ministry says .  al qaeda launched wave of attacks in saudi arabia in 200 .
 opinion : why is u.s. silent on imprisoning of rape victims ? <sec> nina burleigh : case of woman sentenced to jail in dubai for reporting rape is not unusual .  westerners can leave , she says , but arab women and foreign servants must stay and endure .  she says arab spring has n't done much for women : do n't be fooled by modern skyscrapers .  burleigh : the power of petro-dollars fuels our silence , shows we fail on global women 's right .
 mh17 crash : rebels hand over black boxes <sec> rebels hand over black boxes to malaysian officials .  `` these boxes will reveal the truth , '' rebel leader says .  train bearing bodies expected to arrive in kharkiv , ukrainian officials say .  dutch foreign minister says human remains were `` used in a political game .
 nuclear power 's time has come <sec> after decades as a foe of nuclear power , stewart brand now believes strongly in it .  he says the nuclear waste disposal problem has basically been solved .  brand says danger of low-level radiation has been exaggerated .  nuclear power is proven way to reduce greenhouse gases and replace coal-burning , he say .
 billionaire conservative richard mellon scaife dies <sec> scaife was heir to the banking , oil and aluminum fortunes of the mellon family .  he funded conservative causes with his estimated $ 1.4 billion fortune .  scaife funded investigations into president bill clinton around the time of his impeachment .  philanthropy did n't give him as great a sense of accomplishment as did newspaper .
 teen expelled for using stun gun against bullies <sec> darnell `` dynasty '' young can return to high school next january , the school district says .  young , 17 , pulled a stun gun on students he said bullied him at his indianapolis high school .  `` i brought the stun gun 'cause i was n't safe , '' the teen says .  `` the district does not condone bullying , '' a spokeswoman say .
 found in translation : china 's volunteer online army <sec> online translating teams in china volunteer to translate pirated english media .  virtual teams compete with one another to translate latest downloaded u.s. shows .  team member : `` we are living in this grey zone ... it is not legal '' .  media expert : groups are unique experiment in social dynamics of virtual group .
 chinese line up for australia 's 'millionaire visa ' <sec> chinese are the biggest group to apply for australia 's 'millionaire visa ' .  high wealth individuals must invest $ a5 million in australia to get a visa .  those investing for more than four years are eligible for permanent residency .  chinese are the third largest immigrant group in australia after the uk and n .
 pacquiao returns home a hero <sec> manny pacquiao returns home to philippines after las vegas triumph .  pacman won world title at sixth different weight after beating miguel cotto .  cash-rich fight against floyd mayweather jr. in the offing in the united state .
 governor says impeachment vote is politically driven <sec> new : rod blagojevich vows to fight impeachment charges `` every step of the way '' .  chairwoman of impeachment panel says governor `` not fit to govern '' .  illinois house votes 114-1 to impeach gov . .  rod blagojevich .  question of whether to remove governor goes to state senat .
 hannibal 's horrors : others tell stories similar to burned nanny 's <sec> shweyga mullah says moammar gadhafi 's daughter-in-law poured boiling water on her .  she is recuperating from her painful head wounds .  one man says domestic staffers , especially foreigners , were abused .  another nanny calls aline gadhafi a `` sadist .
 former first lady barbara bush hospitalized <sec> new : barbara bush acknowledged in 1989 she had been diagnosed with graves ' disease .  bush , 88 , was admitted to the hospital monday , a family spokesman said .  `` she is in great spirits , '' the spokesman said .  the former first lady was hospitalized in 2008 , 2009 and 2010 for various ailment .
 tsa lists myths , facts about passenger security measures <sec> tsa says that pat-downs are only for those who set off metal detectors .  they are also for those who opt out of an x-ray scan .  passengers have expressed displeasure with the pat-downs at airport .
 supporter for hire : football fanatic offers fanship to highest bidder <sec> disillusioned football fan offers his support for next season in auction on ebay .  ben dudley switching allegiance from cardiff city in protest at club 's rebranding exercise .  malaysian owners have changed club 's colors from blue to red and changed badge .  dudley offering to support the team of whoever makes highest bid for 2012-13 seaso .
 hot reads for june <sec> this summer offers readers epic tales and afternoon page turners .  some critics have hailed `` the son '' by philipp meyer as an american classic .  celebrity writers stephen king and neil gaiman have new books out in jun .
 avril lavigne reveals battle with lyme disease <sec> the singer had been off the scene for a while .  she says she was bedridden for months .  lavigne was sometimes too weak to showe .
 2014 golden globes : '12 years , ' 'hustle ' win film globes <sec> new : `` 12 years a slave '' and `` american hustle '' win the big prizes .  new : matthew mcconaughey wins best actor in a drama -- motion picture .  `` gravity 's '' alfonso cuaron wins best director .  amy adams and `` brooklyn nine-nine '' also wi .
 palestinians rejoice as israel releases another 550 prisoners <sec> the release of 550 palestinian prisoners has been `` completed , '' israel 's military says .  thousands of palestinians welcome the release , celebrating late into the night .  clashes break out at west bank crossing ahead of the release , 20 injured .  the prisoner exchange began in october , with the release of 477 palestinian .
 ex-peace corps volunteer gets 15-year prison term for girls ' sex abuse <sec> jesse osmun , 33 , of connecticut worked at a center for orphans in south africa .  while there , he engaged in sexual acts with four girls , all under the age of 6 , officials say .  when confronted with the allegations , osmun confessed , his attorney says .  the peace corps has donated to a fund that osmun 's family set up to help his victim .
 bolivian mayor percy fernandez caught on video groping journalist <sec> santa cruz mayor has been seen making similar advances on video before .  percy fernandez , 75 , apologized to journalist he 's seen groping .  a lawmaker has filed a sexual harassment claim against the mayo .
 floyd mayweather jr. credits once estranged father for boxing longevity <sec> floyd mayweather credits father for his longevity in boxing .  floyd jr. says the key has been reducing the number of time he 's been hit .  five-division world champion backtracks on previous retirement clai .
 can mexico save the endangered vaquitas ? ( opinion ) <sec> the vaquita , a small porpoise that lives in gulf of california , mexico , is near extinction .  omar vidal , robert l. brownell jr. and zhou kaiya : fewer than 100 vaquitas remain .  they say mexican , u.s. and chinese governments must take swift and coordinated action .  one way is if mexico stops the illegal fishing of totoaba , which often ensnares vaquita .
 man city hold on to defeat ten man man utd <sec> manchester city defeat manchester united 1-0 .  sergio aguero scores only goal of game .  united reduced to ten men in first half as chris smalling sent off .  result marks city 's first victory in three matche .
