 no oil leaking as bp conducts critical pressure tests in gulf oil well <sec> new : thad allen says it `` remains likely '' oil will be sent to surface ships , after test .  florida , louisiana governors caution that much cleanup work remains .  bp says there is no oil flowing into gulf for first time in months .  cutoff in flow is part of the key `` well integrity '' pressure tes .
 croatia becomes newest eu member <sec> `` welcome to our union , '' eu president says .  croatia is facing several challenges .  `` the eu will not be a panacea for croatia 's economy , '' an analyst say .
 suspected serial bank robber strikes again <sec> the suspect held up a bank in nebraska on august 22 .  he 's being tied to a string of earlier robberies in idaho , washington and california .  authorities say he 's armed and dangerou .
 oklahoma pastor was found nude , stabbed behind altar , source says <sec> pastor carol daniels ' clothes were removed from the crime scene , source says .  source : dissolving agent had been sprayed around her body .  fbi profiler brought in during the weekend to help with investigation .  authorities have increased to $ 15,000 a reward for informatio .
 from the beautiful to the barmy : christmas lights around the world <sec> christmas light displays , in their excess , are simultaneously tacky and charming .  these modern , twinkling lights expand the meaning of christmas around the world .  warnings of high voltage make christmas light spectating more excitin .
 evolution of the bang , from bettie to zooey <sec> hollywood starlets have always flirted with bangs .  model peggy moffitt 's bangs made vidal sassoon a household name .  christina applegate rocked `` mall hair '' bangs in the late '80 .
 opinion : how stoning of a pakistani woman riled the world <sec> in pakistan , a pregnant woman who wanted to marry for love was killed by relatives .  gayle lemmon : in nigeria , as well as u.s. , we see crimes and hatred against women .  she says the hashtag activism and social media outrage is a start , but it 's not enough .  lemmon : there should be laws that can protect girls and punish abuser .
 authorities : one of california wildfires 'human caused ' <sec> accidental causes eliminated in santa barbara county blaze , official says .  more than 35,000 acres scorched in southern california since thursday .  officials : los angeles county fire only 40 percent contained on sunday .  firefighters struggle with triangle complex fire in orange count .
 purported letter from taliban to malala yousafzai : why we shot you <sec> a letter purportedly from adnan rashid was made public this week .  the letter blames malala yousafzai 's actions for the attack on her .  in the letter , rashid says he was shocked by the attack .  he urges her to return to pakista .
 schwarzenegger : overlook glitch , let paralyzed grad take bar exam <sec> bar 's web site did n't process sara granda 's payment to take bar exam .  granda , 29 , was paralyzed from the neck down after a car accident in 1997 .  she was 17 at that time , and about to go to college in california .  schwarzenegger : `` outrageous '' that she 's being `` penalized for a bureaucratic error .
 single with valentine 's day blues ? ( opinion ) <sec> being single on valentine 's day can be painful when it 's marketed everywhere as the romantic day of the year .  do n't turn valentine 's day into a cry day , a moping day or a drinking da .
 'mistake ' in how hospital handled u.s. ebola case ? <sec> new : u.s. official to cnn : the situation is a `` screw-up '' .  dallas mayor : the patient came into contact with up to 20 people .  hospital says symptoms 'did not warrant admission ' last week .  nih official on hospital : `` they dropped the ball .
 10 hottest on-screen bathing suits <sec> phoebe cates wore a skimpy red bikini in `` fast times at ridgemont high '' .  bo derek may have been the best thing to happen to sales of the one-piece .  welch 's animal-skin bikini may be film 's most famous bathing suit that never got we .
 robin williams , and help for depression ( opinion ) <sec> rick martin : when i heard the news about robin williams ' death i felt heartbroken .  martin : it brought back memories of my own battle with depression as a youth .  he says depression is overwhelming , but it can be overcome - it takes a village .  martin : do n't be afraid to share your feelings , ask for help and reach out for suppor .
 facebook pulls ads from offensive pages <sec> facebook is pulling ads from pages that contain sexual or violent content .  move comes after complaints about anti-women hate speech .  facebook 's system for flagging content will eventually be automate .
 french trains 'too wide ' to fit in some stations <sec> france 's rail operators face embarrassment after a mixup led to trains being ordered that ca n't fit through some stations .  media reports say operator rff took measurements from newer stations , overlooking hundreds of older , narrower platforms .  rff and and train company sncf say a budget of 50 million euros is being spent on upgrading 1,300 platform .
 inmates fire up sales of jail-produced hot sauce <sec> florida minimum-security jail raises peppers , uses them in hot sauce .  three inmate-produced sauces available : `` original , '' `` smoke '' and `` no escape '' .  proceeds from sale of sauces goes back into jail 's horticulture program .  jail program also teaches job skills to soon-to-be-released inmate .
 judge denies michael vick 's bankruptcy plan <sec> new : judge to vick : `` put together a plan that 's doable , '' liquidate some assets .  agent joe segal expects vick to return to football as soon as september .  vick is ready to return to community in `` positive light , '' show remorse .  vick will work 40 hours a week for virginia-based w.m . .  jordan , lawyer say .
 new law creates real estate market in cuba <sec> a new law in cuba allowing some real estate sales goes into effect next week .  the legislation is seen as a major reform .  owners are limited to one residential home and one vacation propert .
 the inside story of china 's great political drama <sec> wang kang is personally familiar with the people at the center of the bo xilai scandal .  bo was widely tipped to be a future president of china .  he says bo 's crackdown in chongqing went too far , with torture commonplace .  wang : demise of chongqing party chief may be good for china itsel .
 vaclav havel protests jailing of chinese dissident <sec> former czech president vaclav havel protests imprisonment of chinese dissident liu xiaobo .  havel put letter of protest in the mailbox of the chinese embassy in prague .  liu has been one of china 's most prominent dissidents since 1989 tiananmen square protest .  liu was sentenced to 11 years in prison for his role in a separate subversion cas .
 england on course for goal-line history <sec> premier league sanctions use of goal-line technology for 2013-2014 season .  system will be installed at every premier league ground as well as at wembley .  epl is at least two years ahead of other major european league .
 fellow soldier arrested in 2 stabbing deaths , police say <sec> soldier joshua hunter , 20 , charged with two counts of second degree murder .  two soldiers were found stabbed at apartment near fort drum base .  victims identified as spc . .  waide t. james , and spc . .  diego a. valbuen .
 blast kills 13 at turkish customs gate on syrian border <sec> new : death toll in minivan explosion rises , government official says .  syrian rebels first overran the syrian border gate at bab el hawa last summer .  turkish officials have not yet commented on the cause of the blast .  meanwhile , syrian rebels claim to have captured syria 's largest man-made da .
 report : holmes ' psychiatrist reported behavior to colleagues <sec> cnn affiliate kmgh says the psychiatrist was concerned about holmes ' behavior .  the station says she mentioned her concerns in early june .  holmes is accused of opening fire in a movie theater july 20 .  12 people were killed and 58 wounde .
 authorities seize $ 45 million of narcotics in california drug bust <sec> `` overwhelming odor '' in tractor-trailer leads to major drug bust , authorities say .  authorities find $ 45 million worth of drugs in vehicle .  seizure was one of largest in history of san bernadino county , californi .
 ending 'holding pattern , ' faa cancels plan to close towers <sec> faa reverses course after congress grants flexibility for dealing with budget cuts .  some 149 towers and small and medium-sized airports were threatened with closure .  those towers are run by contractors overseen by the faa .  faa has already ended controller furloughs and other key austerity measure .
 man faces fallout for spreading false sandy reports on twitter <sec> a twitter user who spread lies about superstorm sandy is exposed .  shashank tripathi was managing the campaign of a congress hopeful .  his 6,500 followers got fake reports of flooding , other destruction .  new york councilman has asked for a criminal investigatio .
 hillary clinton deleted all email from personal server - cnnpolitics.com <sec> gop lawmaker who subpoenaed the messages says they 've been deleted .  clinton says she 's given work-related messages to state department ; lawyer says she deleted personal email .
 saudi arabia names new crown prince <sec> new : salman bin abdulaziz is a half-brother of king abdullah .  he becomes next in line to the throne of the oil-rich kingdom .  salman retains his post as defense minister and becomes deputy prime minister .  his predecessor , prince nayef , was buried sunda .
 why russia is hung up on homosexuality <sec> cnn 's matthew chance : it 's not only russia where sexual minorities suffer discrimination .  some u.s. states still refuse to recognize same-sex marriage .  a hrw report says russia has `` legalized discrimination against lgbt people '' .  the report goes on to document various horrific instances of violence and abus .
 target to open 27 new stores <sec> retailer 's new stores to open in 16 states .  new locations to employ more than 4,300 .  target in january announced headquarters job cuts , reduction of expansion plan .
 van der sloot postpones plea <sec> new : natalee holloway 's father says van der sloot 's actions seemed `` all planned out '' .  no plea is expected from joran van der sloot in the peruvian case until wednesday .  the dutch citizen , 24 , is charged with killing a young woman in peru .  the victim 's father has said van der sloot has seemed indifferent , not remorsefu .
 hong kong 's mounting food waste problem <sec> around 3,500 tons of food waste is produced each day in hong kong .  the city 's existing landfills are set to be full by 2018 .  high-tech and business ideas could help recycle waste , experts sa .
 marines seize key police headquarters in afghan offensive <sec> operation moshtarak focuses on area where heroin produced , taliban has shadow government .  taliban finances uses illegal opium trade to finance activities .  gun battles broke out hours later after headquarters seized , cnn correspondent says .  taliban militants try to attack marine locations with small arms and rocket-propelled grenade .
 gomez hat-trick sends bayern top ; valencia mount thrilling comeback <sec> bayern go top of the table after a 3-0 win against kaiserslautern .  dortmund and leverkusen play out goalless draw .  freiburg earn first win of season with victory over wolfsburg .  valencia seal memorable 4-3 win over racing santander as soldado scores hat-tric .
 isis gains in iraq put saudi forces on highest alert <sec> militants in iraq , syria are seeking to create an islamic caliphate .  authorities are also concerned about threats emanating from yemen , an official says .  saudi security forces are on highest alert , that official add .
 3 convicted in third trial in 2006 liquid-bomb plot <sec> british court convicted three of conspiracy to murder as suicide bombers .  the trial was the third for ibrahim savant , arafat waheed khan and waheed zaman .  jurors in a september 2009 trial were unable to reach verdict on a key charge .  the foiled 2006 plot led to restrictions on liquids at airports throughout the worl .
 why is this girl is so excited to meet hillary ? <sec> macy friday met hillary clinton this week and a photo of her priceless reaction went viral . .  macy says meeting hillary clinton was like meeting selena gomez , katy perry , taylor swift and one direction . .  clinton , macy says , shows everybody that `` girls can be awesome , too '' . .  `` she is running for president , '' macy says of hillary clinton .
 new york fashion week fall 2014 : what to expect <sec> mercedes-benz fashion week is february 6-13 in new york city .  the designer collections will showcase looks for fall 2014 .  forecasters predict houndstooth , plaid and gingham prints will be big in fall .  western style is making a comeback , with fringe and blanket coats leading the charg .
 malaysian opposition leader calls rally to protest vote <sec> malaysia 's opposition leader calls on supporters to attend rally on wednesday .  anwar ibrahim says sunday 's poll marred by unprecedented fraud .  election was won by ruling coalition , extending its 56 years in power .  a government spokesperson says allegations of fraud unsubstantiate .
 louisiana school reconsiders policy that can force students to take pregnancy test <sec> under current policy , the school can require a student to take a pregnancy test .  if the test proves positive , `` the student will not be permitted to attend classes '' on campus .  the aclu challenges the policy as unconstitutiona .
 sudan hijackers surrender <sec> new : two hijackers surrender to libyan authorities .  hijackers earlier released passengers but had kept crew as hostages .  sudan plane hijacked shortly after taking off from darfur region for khartoum .  hijackers reportedly wanted fuel to fly to france ; no other demands know .
 china : 70 ill from tainted pig organs <sec> xinhua : victims complained of stomach aches and diarrhea after eating pig organs .  clenbuterol can prevent pigs from accumulating fat but is harmful to people .  report : 336 hospitalized in 2006 after eating clenbuterol-tainted pig meat , organ .
 india and pakistan unite in sporting marriage <sec> indian tennis player sania mirza to marry pakistani cricketer shoaib malik .  union brings together two nuclear powers with years of bitter rivalry .  mirza 's short tennis skirts have drawn criticizm from muslim groups in indi .
 she comes to the aid of wounded firefighters <sec> vicki minor 's foundation helps injured and fallen wildfire fighters and their families .  the wildland firefighter foundation has assisted more than 500 families since 1999 .  minor led fundraising efforts to build a monument for fallen wildfire firefighter .
 sportscasting pioneer returns to tv after serious burns <sec> storm describes yelling to daughter 'mommy 's on fire ... call 911 ! '' .  storm hosts the rose parade just weeks after suffering propane burns .  she was burned at her connecticut home while using an outdoor grill .  appearing with a bandage , storm tweets thanks to supporter .
 nearly 10,000 reported killed by china quake <sec> new : china says at least 10,000 dead but it expects figure to rise .  new : rain hampering rescue , aid efforts in worst-hit area .  nearly 900 children buried when a school building collapses , 50 bodies found .  7.9 magnitude quake is felt throughout much of chin .
 ron sim profile <sec> sim started out as a youngster selling noodles on the street .  in 1980 he began selling kitchen appliances and household goods .  he has remained at the helm of osim since its inception , selling massage chair .
 wta championships : serena williams seals semifinal place in istanbul <sec> world no . .  1 serena williams wins her third successive match at wta championships .  american beats petra kvitova in straight sets to reach semifinals of season-ending event .  third seed agnieszka radwanska is out after losing to germany 's angelique kerber .  china 's world no . .  5 li na wins again in other group , faces victoria azarenka in decide .
 china , north korea slam u.n. human rights report as 'divorced from reality ' <sec> u.n. commission of inquiry report found crimes against humanity committed in north korea .  north korea and china condemn the u.n. report calling it `` lies '' and `` divorced from reality '' .  report published february listed litany of abuses by north kore .
 cdc : 25 states reporting widespread flu <sec> 25 states are reporting widespread seasonal flu activity , the cdc says .  the cases appear to be those of a typical season .  h1n1 is the primary strain seen ; it 's no longer called `` swine flu .
 venezuela not embalming chavez <sec> the information minister tweeted the news .  the initial plan was to display the remains lenin styl .
 gloom prevails in manufacturing surveys <sec> the global manufacturing sector is in the worst shape since summer 2009 .  this is due to slowing economic growth and the deepening eurozone crisis .  conditions deteriorated in asia and the eurozone but picked up slightly in the us and u .
 snow maps from space aid reindeer herders <sec> sámi herders using satellite-based maps of snow to judge best areas .  climate change has made it harder to find foraging spots for reindeer herds .  technology could also be used to monitor land-use change over tim .
 uk high court to rule on radical muslim cleric 's extradition to u.s . <sec> new : abu hamza al-masri 's lawyers are due to present their arguments wednesday .  new : lawyers for the police and crown prosecution service will also give evidence .  lawyers say their clients ' detention in u.s. prisons would violate their human rights .  the latest hearing will determine if there is a compelling reason to halt extraditio .
 chelsea defender cole charged with misconduct after abusive tweet <sec> chelsea defender ashley cole is charged with misconduct by english football association .  cole sent an abusive tweet about the fa after he was criticised in a report on racism .  independent probe into john terry racism claims said cole 's evidence `` evolved '' over time .  cole called the fa a `` bunch of twats '' upon hearing the findings of the repor .
 gay claims shock win over sprint king bolt in stockholm <sec> the world 's fastest man usain bolt suffers shock defeat to tyson gay .  american wins 100 meters event in stockholm in 9.84 seconds , with bolt second .  jamaican suffers his first loss in two years , the last coming in same swedish city .  gay finishes 0.02 seconds outside the leading time over the distance this yea .
 london olympics have redefined how britain sees itself <sec> london 's games have been an unexpected triumph , says alastair campbell .  he says challenge will be to build on the games ' success to create a lasting legacy .  campbell : event has changed the way british people think about their country .  he says onus is on media , politicians to continue new mood of positivit .
 opinion : gop health plans good for the rich <sec> timothy jost : the first day of 2014 was a day to celebrate in our history .  jost : despite promises of obamacare , republicans are critical or call for repeal .  he says alternative proposals offered by house republicans help the rich and healthy .  jost : as high cost sharing under obamacare will be discussed , just look at gop plan .
 no dearth of u.s. voter resources online <sec> google created a widget to help people find a polling place near their houses .  facebook is using that widget and will remind u.s. adults to vote tuesday with an alert .  foursquare has created an `` i voted '' badge to reward those who engage in civic dutie .
 new obama security strategy targets americans radicalized by al qaeda <sec> the obama administration on thursday released its first national security strategy .  the 52-page outline of focuses on both international and home-grown threats .  strategy focuses on `` mitigating wherever possible the need for the use of force '' .  key gop critic : administration `` refuses to even identify '' threat of `` radical islamic jihadists .
 designer genes take leap forward ; geneticists make chromosome 'syniii ' <sec> scientists built a designer chromosome and inserted it into a yeast cell .  the cell survived , made use of its new genes and reproduced .  it took seven years and the help of 60 students to build `` syniii '' .  the breakthrough makes scientists more able to design living thing .
 woman arrested in death of 12-year-old texas boy <sec> burned remains of a child were found in houston , texas .  jonathan foster was last seen december 24 .  authorities plan capital murder charges against suspect .  mona yvette nelson , 44 , was arrested wednesda .
