 more russian troops at ukraine border raise concerns <sec> close to 1,400 people have been killed , and more than 4,000 wounded , since mid-april .  `` today , with all certainty , there 's a need to speak about a true war , '' says russian official .  a u.s. military team in kiev is aiding the recovery effort of downed flight mh17 .  nato official says there are about 20,000 russian troops near the ukraine borde .
 shuttered bakery reopens , rehires workers <sec> archway bakery suddenly closed doors in october , throwing some 300 out of work .  lance snack food company steps in , buys archway at bankruptcy auction .  new owner gives each laid-off worker a prepaid $ 1,500 debit card .  company rehires 60 workers , says more will regain jobs if orders keep coming i .
 trans-atlantic passenger jet lands safely after pilot dies <sec> new : family identifies pilot as craig lenell .  passenger says he responded to request for doctor , pronounced pilot dead .  flight 61 landed at 11:49 a.m . .  et ; jet was carrying 247 passengers , airline says .  flight was headed from brussels , belgium , to newark , new jerse .
 opinion : why the pope was an eli wallach fan <sec> carrie rickey : the late charactor actor eli wallach told a story that the pope sent him a fan letter .  she says wallach was great at playing bad guys and was often cast as an `` american ethnic '' .  he acted with big names in film -- eastwood , gable , stiller -- but his love was theater .  rickey : he worked well into his 90s ; beloved for monologues , wit and professionalis .
 sharapova out of rome as murray sets up nadal meeting <sec> maria sharapova 's run of fine form on clay ends at the rome masters .  the russian world no . .  7 is beaten by serbia 's ana ivanovic .  tommy haas upsets australian open champion stan wawrinka in the men 's draw .  birthday boy andy murray and rafael nadal set up meeting for first time since 201 .
 between the lines on north korea <sec> just as important as what the nuclear declaration says is what it does n't say .  north korea did n't admit to uranium enrichment or sharing secrets with syria .  many republicans say bush administration has let pyongyang off the hook .  u.s. may be headed down the same road with ira .
 farrah abraham shows the downside of plastic surgery <sec> tv personality farrah abraham had a bad lip augmentation procedure .  she tweeted photos of the painful-looking outcome .  the reality star has kept a sense of humor about i .
 quit fighting -- get a postnuptial agreement <sec> one couple got a postnuptial agreement to save marriage .  postnups can set budgets , determine family visits , nights out .  mediator : most use postnup as blueprint for eventual divorce .  three lawyers needed to set it u .
 craig spencer , now ebola free , to leave n.y. hospital <sec> dr. craig spencer `` poses no public health risk , '' officials say .  spencer was diagnosed with ebola last month after returning from guinea .  he was the first person to test positive for the virus in new york city .  now officials say he 's ebola free and will be released from the hospita .
 meg ryan , john mellencamp break up <sec> meg ryan and john mellencamp had kept relationship quiet .  the two reportedly began dating in 2010 .  reasons for split include distance , different lifestyles , reports sa .
 uso : it 's not your father 's entertainment anymore <sec> uso often brings thoughts of bob hope , but organization well beyond that .  group offers technology , entertainment to troops overseas .  uso played key role in arranging `` colbert report '' from ira .
 church blast kills sri lanka officers <sec> new : attack coincided during a weekly festival that draws a large crowd .  new : police suspect the bomber was a member of the tamil tiger rebels .  no immediate response from tiger rebels on church blast , destroyed boat .  four rebels killed in boat attack after midnight sunday , navy say .
 can pets get or spread ebola ? <sec> cdc : there have been no reports of pets getting sick with ebola or spreading it .  but some studies have shown dogs can have the virus , but not be sick from it .  an ebola patient 's dog in dallas is quarantined after a patient 's dog in spain was euthanized .  `` the problem is we have n't really studied the progress of ebola in dogs , '' a professor say .
 extreme heat and droughts -- a recipe for world food woes <sec> michael roberts : extreme heat and drought are signs of a changing climate .  roberts : farmers and u.s. consumers will be fine ; food prices will go up a bit in 2013 .  he says the crop losses will have the most effect on the world 's poorest populations .  roberts : this summer 's extreme heat may just become typical in 15 year .
 cnn fact check : clinton arithmetic holds up on jobs <sec> clinton says democratic administrations produce more private-sector jobs .  federal statistics show his numbers are a bit off , but not substantially .  gop terms were hit more by recessions , while population growth may have helped dem .
 fifa to help brazil police with world cup ticket scandal <sec> fifa will help police in brazil with allegations one of its partners has been involved in ticket scalping .  `` fifa continues to fully collaborate with the local authorities , '' it said in a statement .  ceo of company organizing world cup hospitality packages has been arrested .  police in brazil are running `` operation jules rimet '' to crack down on illegal ticket sale .
 'real housewives of atlanta ' cast member 's mother dies <sec> sharon tucker , the mother of atlanta cast member todd tucker , has died .  todd tucker wrote : `` i lost my partner , my ride or die my best friend ! '' .  burruss also expressed her sadness online : `` it 's hard losing people that you love ... .
 joby ogwyn plans to jump off mount everest in a wing-suit <sec> like many , joby ogwyn has scaled mount everest then hiked back down .  but now he wants to leap from the top in a special suit and fly to a base camp .  louisiana native says he has a high threshold for pain .  he expects to reach speeds of 150 mph during the 10,000-foot flight dow .
 wwi graffiti found deep underground in france <sec> world war i graffiti is discovered in an underground quarry .  the writings are generally plain , with listings of names and places .  photographer : graffiti a human connection to the pas .
 obama seeks emergency immigration funds , more authority <sec> new : to no one 's surprise , congress is divided on how to proceed .  president obama travels to texas on wednesday .  gov . .  perry will meet with obama , wants him to visit the border .  new : cnn reports about 5,000 new beds sought to temporarily house immigrant childre .
 yep , that 's really uma thurman <sec> uma thurman surprised some at the premiere for her new miniseries .  `` i guess nobody liked my makeup , '' she said on `` today .
 butt earns call-up as bayern stars dominate germany squad <sec> bayern munich keeper hans-jorg butt named in germany 's preliminary squad for world cup .  butt last played for germany in 2003 but recalled after injury to rene adler .  coach joachim low named seven bayern players in his 27-man squad .  he will reduce it to 23 by the start of june before the team go to south afric .
 canadians pull out of kabul , nato winds down operations in afghanistan <sec> canada 's 12-year presence in afghanistan comes to an end .  afghan mission was largest canadian troop deployment since world war ii .  nato planning withdrawal of all isaf troops by end of 2014 .  chinese official signals willingness to engage in regional securit .
 'avant gardens ' : when art , design and plants collide <sec> the gardener 's garden showcases some of the most beautiful gardens from around the world .  a new generation of gardeners are creating experimental spaces .  modern avant garde designers are considering climate change and water conservatio .
 'kenyans ' leads list of great running reads <sec> adharanand finn traveled to kenya to learn about the best runners in the world .  his book details the country 's unsophisticated but remarkable training techniques .  `` running with the kenyans '' is just one of several great running read .
 cnn student news : daily discussion <sec> use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories .  today 's daily discussion includes the media literacy question of the da .
 paramedic : finding family 'nothing short of a miracle ' <sec> new : doctors ask family to return to hospital for precautionary checkups .  lexi dominguez hospitalized after complaining her feet hurt .  family sought shelter from snow in culvert , warmed each other 's frostbitten feet .  frederick dominguez and his 3 children set out sunday to cut christmas tre .
 tribal chief : no fedex until redskins change team name <sec> chief : do n't use fedex until redskins change `` disparaging and offensive '' name .  washington redskins team name has been source of controversy .  team defends name and says it honors rather than disparages native americans .  redskins stadium changed name to fedexfield in 27-year , $ 207 million deal in 199 .
 top european destinations for 2013 <sec> enjoy port tastings in the portuguese town that made the drink famous .  soak in icelandic hot springs without being surrounded by other tourists .  return to italy 's cinque terre towns , restored to their picturesque former selves .  follow the `` game of thrones '' path to northern ireland and dubrovnik , croati .
 pakistani refugees block main road over conditions <sec> nearly 1.5 million pakistanis have registered as displaced since may 2 , u.n. says .  u.n. believes refugee crisis could be bigger threat than fight with taliban .  united states is sending $ 110 million in aid to pakista .
 financial , family woes of winnie mandela , 'mother of the nation ' <sec> winnie mandela threatened with having her belongings sold off to pay school fees .  mandela , ex-wife of south african icon nelson mandela , is regarded by many as `` mother of the nation '' .  commentators say winnie mandela increasingly isolated from political and biological families .  nelson mandela 's family embroiled in legal battle over former political prisoner 's mone .
 trip to paris saves this marriage <sec> after 21 years of marriage , del announced to his wife that he wanted to live alone .  mary felt `` broken '' without del , who had helped raise her two children .  mary and del say open communication repaired their marriag .
 u.s. probes report on china stopping some key mineral exports <sec> the ny times reports china has stopped shipments of rare minerals for u.s. , europe .  a u.s. trade spokeswoman says officials are seeking more information .  the move , if true , would strain already stressed trade relation .
 man charged in u.s. capitol bomb plot to remain jailed <sec> amine el khalifi made a brief appearance in federal court wednesday .  he waived his right to have a preliminary hearing and to contest his detention .  el khalifi was arrested friday as the result of an fbi sting operation .  he accepted a gun and what he thought was a bomb vest , according to the complain .
 ryan tries to clear air with black caucus , but poverty divide remains <sec> rep. paul ryan made controversial comments on poverty that triggered backlash over race .  he met with members of the congressional black caucus to clear the air .  the group 's chair said the meeting did n't accomplish that much , disagreements remain .  ryan has toured areas of poverty in the united state .
 afghanistan says it 's 'shocked ' by leaked u.s. documents <sec> afghan government said it 's `` shocked '' by reports .  former head of pakistani intelligence says reports are lies .  some documents allege pakistan is aiding the insurgency , new york times reports .  senator says the documents `` raise serious questions '' about foreign polic .
 esther williams , star of film and swimming , dies at 91 <sec> actress-swimmer esther williams passes away at 91 .  a natural talent , she soon turned to movies .  many of her films were colorful mgm spectacle .
 report : chinese man dies of bird flu <sec> a 39-year-old bus driver was hospitalized last week in southern china .  state-run media says he died from what appears to be a contagious strain of bird flu .  the chinese government has suspended supplies of live poultry to hong kon .
 no stopping nadal as he claims barcelona title no.8 <sec> rafael nadal wins barcelona open title .  straights sets win over fellow spaniard nicolas almagro in final .  extends record to eight titles in catalan city .  lukas rosol claims maiden atp title in buchares .
 blockbuster growth in china 's film industry <sec> international films swept top 10 highest-grossing films in china in 2012 .  chinese moviegoers often seek escapism in comedic fare .  growing predilection for youth to visit cinema every week is key driver of ticket sales .  film censorship restrictions in china slowly easing ; international collaboration increasin .
 branded a rebel : when cricket took on apartheid <sec> sporting ban to campaign against apartheid in south africa introduced in 1977 .  `` rebel tours '' were highly controversial , unofficial , international matches .  team of west indian cricket players visited south africa in 1983 .  they were shunned by society on their return home to the caribbea .
 ben bradlee an icon , journalists say <sec> watergate reporters woodward and bernstein : `` we loved him deeply '' .  newspaper 's former publisher : bradlee was `` the best '' .  his death is called the end of an era for newspapers and journalis .
 worst states for job hunting <sec> high unemployment rates can handicap job seekers .  michigan , mississippi and south carolina have highest rates .  alaska 's top industry is governmen .
 stowaways suspected in container aboard vessel in n.j. port <sec> new : the operating shipping company is working closely with u.s. officials , a spokesman says .  the container is on a ship in port at newark , new jersey .  the coast guard says there may be stowaways inside a shipping container .  the u.s. department of homeland security is investigatin .
 mark wahlberg gets 'thin as possible ' for movie <sec> mark wahlberg has gotten noticeably skinny for the movie `` the gambler '' .  the actor said in january he wanted to lose around 50 pounds for the role .  he plays a literature professor with a gambling problem .  the movie is due out in 201 .
 relax , 'zero dark thirty ' is only a movie <sec> hayden : controversy unfairly surrounds intelligence officials ' roles in two washington issues .  he says political fights have obscured reality in both areas .  he says the benghazi security breakdown was n't an intelligence failure .  hayden : `` zero dark thirty '' has elements of truth , but is dramatized in hollywood styl .
 sergio garcia wins first tournament of the year in thailand <sec> spaniard sergio garcia wins the thailand golf championship by four shots .  a tired henrik stenson finishes second , ahead of france 's alexander levy .  garcia had n't won a tournament since his visit to malaysia last december .  garcia 's girlfriend katharina caddied for him this week in thailan .
 6 questions about the crisis in ukraine <sec> the united states and allies blame russia for the violence .  moscow denies direct involvement in the fighting .  diplomacy and sanctions must play a role , experts sa .
 recordings : kennedy saw nuclear test ban as cold war thaw <sec> kennedy 's presidential library released four-minute recording of the meeting .  meeting held just four months before his assassination .  kennedy on recording : `` we should seize the chance '' .  kennedy hoped for `` possibility of a detente '' between washington and mosco .
 campaign swing takes obama to california , nevada <sec> critics say midterm election will be a referendum on obama and his leadership .  president obama seeks to shore up embattled senators from california , nevada , washington .  obama is on a five-state , four-day tour .  obama will also make another campaign swing the final weekend before midterm .
 sentences reduced for 3 in atlanta cheating scandal <sec> `` i had never seen a judge conduct himself in that way , '' defendant 's lawyer says .  a judge reduces prison sentences for 3 educators in the atlanta public schools cheating scandal .  `` i 'm not comfortable with it , '' judge jerry baxter said of the original longer sentence .
 opinion : why we 're still running a year after boston <sec> john sutter organizes run for boston group on cnn ireport .  more than 300 runners pledge to run races in solidarity .  sutter : the running community has rallied around the tragedy .  ireporter theresa kutsch : 'i pledged to run for those who no longer can .
 in her own words , nanny 's brave escape in mumbai <sec> sandra samuel , who saved toddler 's life , sees no heroism in her actions .  why she faced gunfire : `` this baby is something very precious to me '' .  samuel : `` when i hear gunshot , it 's not one or 20 . .  it 's like a hundred gunshots '' .  for now , she will stay in israel helping take care of orphan toddler that she save .
 police detained after killing of diplomat 's daughter in venezuela <sec> chilean honorary consul fernando berendique criticizes `` disrespect for human life '' .  he says police shot at the car his daughter was riding in when it did n't stop at a checkpoint .  venezuelan officials condemn the shooting and say those responsible will be punished .  chile 's foreign ministry calls for a swift investigatio .
 grandson of vail resort co-founder killed in colorado avalanche <sec> new : friend : anthony `` tony '' seibert was `` an uplifting person '' who loved the backcountry .  new : vail 's coo laments `` an incomprehensible loss '' to the community , the seiberts .  seibert dies in east vail chutes ; 3 people were rescued with minor injuries .  the lone victim is a grandson of peter seibert sr. , a co-founder of the vail ski resor .
 audit highlights excessive fbi overtime in iraq <sec> fbi agents in iraq each received an average of $ 45,000 in excessive overtime .  audit finds agents submitted overtime with managers ' blessing .  fbi acknowledges error but says policy was to encourage voluntary sign-up .
 etiquette quandary : can i return this ? <sec> author jodi newbern : try to include gift receipts in whatever you 're giving .  it 's usually ok to ask to return it unless it 's monogrammed , peggy post says .  author sherri athay says exchanging is ok if the gift does n't fit yo .
 one killed in west virginia plant blast <sec> new : blast at bayer cropscience plant kills one person , injures another .  firefighters extinguish fire about four hours after blast .  residents asked to remain indoors after explosion raised concerns about air quality .  plant produces crop-protection chemical .
 more bad luck for lewis hamilton in f1 qualifying <sec> mercedes ' lewis hamilton finishes second last in hungarian grand prix qualifying .  hamilton 's car catches fire to end his session early but he walked away unhurt .  it 's the second straight week the englishman suffers a car issue in qualifying .  teammate and championship leader nico rosberg records the fastest tim .
 indiana teen pilot , dad raise $ 1 million for charity <sec> an indiana father and son 's dreams of raising $ 1 million for charity come true .  babar suleman and his son haris died when their plane crashed in the pacific .  a former classmate of the elder suleman donates the remaining funds to pakistan charit .
 kopi luwak : indonesia 's rich cup or 'crappuccino ' ? <sec> kopi luwak is the world 's most expensive coffee .  brewed from beans that have been semi-digested by palm civets .  can cost up to $ 50 per cup outside of indonesia .  becoming more popular in indonesia among affluent members of societ .
 flooding in charlotte kills 1 , forces evacuations <sec> new : one person is still missing .  parts of interstate highways 77 , 485 and 85 were flooded and temporarily shut down .  charlotte , north carolina , is under a flash flood watch .  massive flooding prompts the evacuation of two neighborhoods near downtow .
 soldier finds his voice blogging from iraq <sec> army machine gunner colby buzzell began blogging from iraq in 2004 .  his blog gained media attention for its refreshing , unvarnished candor .  the army encourages active-duty soldiers to blog as a way to educate the public .  but soldiers are prohibited from posting details that could compromise troops ' safet .
 shaping up a city in the nation 's fattest state <sec> linda fondren started shape up vicksburg to help residents of her hometown lose weight .  mississippi has been the fattest state in the nation for the past six years , a 2009 report says .  fondren offers free fitness and nutrition classes ; she has also started a walking club .  vicksburg residents have lost 15,000 pounds since fondren started her missio .
