 survey : u.s. customs is driving visitors away <sec> survey : entry process is turning travelers off visiting the u.s . .  overseas visitors have increased , but u.s. market share is dropping .  `` last time i was made to feel most unwelcome , '' said a visitor from south afric .
 the spirit of appomattox court house <sec> 150 years ago on april 9 , confederate general robert e. lee surrendered at appomattox court house .  douglas brinkley : the spirit of that event is something to keep in mind for today 's divided americ .
 chicago businessman goes on trial for mumbai terror attacks <sec> defendant accused of letting his company be used as a cover for terror plot .  tahawwur hussain rana also accused of involvement in plot to bomb danish newspaper .  rana denies involvemen .
 groups criticize mccain for calling u.s. 'christian nation ' <sec> sen. john mccain says constitution established u.s. as a `` christian nation '' .  mccain later said u.s. founded on judeo-christian tradition of human rights .  arizona republican says comments not meant to exclude other religions .  muslim and jewish groups critical of gop presidential candidate 's remark .
 supercar shangri-la : full throttle through italy 's 'motor valley ' <sec> italy 's `` motor valley '' links towns of modena , maranello and bologna , includes numerous sports car museums .  in maranello , the museo ferrari is an extravaganza of f1 grand prix cars and vintage sports racers .  the privately-owned umberto panini collection houses numerous maseratis and sells its own chees .
 suspect detained in attack of tourist couple in kenya <sec> police say a suspect linked to the killing of a british tourist was detained .  the dead man 's wife was kidnapped .  the attack happened sunday at a remote safari lodg .
 how to make proper e-introductions <sec> as with every social interaction online , some people seriously foul up the digital outreach .  here are some basic guidelines for polite e-introductions .  when e-mailing a stranger , err on the side of formality , using `` dear ( name ) '' over `` hey ! .
 scott made tense films for jittery times <sec> gene seymour says tony scott films were adrenaline shots injected into the audience .  he says scholars will see them as emblematic of jittery u.s. mindset at dawn of 21st century .  he says films ' protagonists -- washington , cruise among them -- faced impossible deadlines .  seymour : few could orchestrate maddening elements into metal rock flow like scot .
 faq : obamacare subsidy appeal decisions <sec> two courts made conflicting rulings on obamacare subsidies this week .  one court said subsidies are only available for state-run insurance exchanges .  other court said subsidies should apply for federal exchanges too .  decision will likely go to the supreme cour .
 videos raise more questions about missing michigan doctor <sec> the 30-year-old doctor in residency failed to show up for work on december 6 .  investigators searched but came up empty .  now , they are poring through 20 minutes worth of video .  they want to know who is patrick talking to in the vide .
 air traffic control glitch delays flights at heathrow , uk airports <sec> new : disruption to flights in britain is also impacting dublin airport .  national air traffic control service says problem will take several hours to fix .  hundreds of flights are delayed across britain ; cancellations also reported .  air traffic control service says the issue is with its internal telephone syste .
 africa 's elderly leaders 'risk more revolutions ' <sec> africa has a young population , and aging leaders , says mo ibrahim .  he says african leaders are often reluctant to relinquish power .  growing youth population can be a huge opportunity for africa .  but africa must start listening to young people , says ibrahi .
 ttyl : tourist walks off pier while facebooking <sec> distracted by facebook on her phone , a tourist in melbourne , australia , walks off a pier .  police called to rescue the ardent facebooker in chilly waters .  woman held onto her phone throughout the ordea .
 u.s. airline irks india by frisking ex-president <sec> indian authorities file complaint against continental for frisking former president .  former president apj abdul kalam was exempt from body checks , officials say .  continental , however , insists it followed standard u.s. air-safety procedure .
 boris nemtsov murder : message to vladimir putin enemies <sec> opposition leader boris nemtsov murdered in moscow on friday .  browder : there are reasons why vladimir putin would want nemtsov dead .  russian government has denied any involvement in killin .
 search launched for malaysian airliner carrying 239 people <sec> new : china deploys two rescue ships to search south china sea .  `` we have no idea where this aircraft is , '' malaysia airlines vice president says .  the airline is contacting next of kin .  flight was carrying 239 people , including 2 infant .
 boston marathon bombing victims remembered <sec> three people were killed when two homemade explosives went off at the boston marathon .  one of the victims was krystle campbell , 29 , who went to the race every year .  another was 8-year-old martin richard , who was known as bright and energetic .  one victim was a chinese national , china 's consulate in new york say .
 are dads necessary ? ask kids <sec> roland warren says atlantic magazine article questions whether fathers are essential .  he says article reaches faulty conclusion that new research shows dads not crucial .  real-world data analysis shows kids in mom-dad families do better .  warren : do n't believe it ? .  ask kids . .  each child has a hole in his soul in the shape of his da .
 one-day strike at lufthansa to affect schedules for days <sec> new : about 1,000 of lufthansa 's usual 1,800 flights to fly tuesday .  new : union , airline : getting back to normal will take time .  both sides in pilots strike against lufthansa agree to suspend standoff .  union : strike focuses on pay , conditions . .  company : union interfering in managemen .
 nearly 500 on 2 princess cruise ships stricken by norovirus <sec> the 499 illnesses occurred on the ruby princess and crown princess .  princess cruises is working with investigators to find the cause .  norovirus can cause diarrhea , vomiting and stomach pai .
 my life as a boomeranger <sec> pew poll says 39 % of young adults are living with or have moved back with their parents .  cassie owens : i moved back home without a clear vision of my career path or prospects .  she says entry-level jobs are hard to get and many of her peers must look for alternatives .  owens : the road to self-reliance appears stretched out for her generatio .
 more va employees said they were told to falsify data - cnnpolitics.com <sec> schedulers said they received instructions from supervisors to falsify information .  they were also told to hide the true time it took patients to be seen by doctors .  the latest details build on an internal va audit that was released previously .  allegations of delayed care , mismanagement and poor culture have rocked the v .
 u.n. pulls 600 staff after kabul attack <sec> u.n. to pull 600 staff out of afghanistan after militant attack killed five staff members and wounded nine .  nato-led forces have been battling taliban fighters across afghanistan .  u.s. and british forces launched major offensives against militants in southern helmand provinc .
 arizona ruling hits mexican-american studies program <sec> courses were `` biased , political , and emotionally charged , '' a state official rules .  the finding could cost tucson schools $ 15 million a year .  a 2010 arizona law bars classes that promote `` racial resentment '' or `` ethnic solidarity '' .  an earlier audit found the classes did n't violate that la .
 murdoch denies political influence , cameron disagrees <sec> gordon brown `` declared war '' on murdoch , the media baron testifies .  david cameron says politicians have been `` too cozy '' with murdoch .  rupert murdoch denies using his papers to promote his business interests .  a government aide resigns over links to the murdoch empir .
 warnings , watches issued as hurricane irene stalks u.s. coast <sec> new : hurricane begins turn toward the north , u.s . .  the king memorial dedication in washington is postponed .  hurricane warnings and watches issued in the united states .  the bahamas reports damage but expects tourists to return quickl .
 europe security boosted amid possible terror threats <sec> greece police investigating connection to belgian terror plot . .  defense minister says military deployment is first on belgium 's streets for 35 years .  belgian soldiers are protecting jewish sites , embassies , amid a heightened terror threa .
 bayern munich fall further behind leaders borussia dortmund <sec> champions bayern munich trail german leaders borussia dortmund by 14 points .  bayern in eighth place after drawing 1-1 at third-placed bayer leverkusen .  dortmund stay seven points clear of second-placed mainz after beating freiburg 2-1 .  schalke move out of bottom three with 4-0 thrashing of werder breme .
 police : heroin and alcohol killed 2 maersk alabama security officers <sec> police say toxicologists found alcohol in the blood of jeffrey reynolds and mark kennedy .  heroin was found in the cabin with their bodies , and also contributed to their deaths .  foul play was ruled out in the deaths of the two navy seals in february .  the maersk alabama cargo ship was made famous by a somali pirate attack in 200 .
 why the gop field is so weak <sec> james carville says the gop field for president is very weak and he thinks he knows why .  he says economics says that if a thing has value , people want it , but few want this job .  he says good candidates shied away because they could n't take low level of discourse .  carville : gop getting candidates that match intellectual composition of many in the part .
 police : taliban executes eloping lovers <sec> police chief says couple were killed for planning to elope .  he says woman wanted to get away from forced engagement to another man .  incident happened in nimruz province , a remote area that borders iran and pakistan .  nato aware of the reports but said it was not their area of responsibilit .
 refuge for mustangs , deluxe sanctuary for vacationers <sec> an estimated 40,000 mustangs still roam free in the great basin of the united states .  mustang monument : wild horse eco resort is a sanctuary for up to 1,000 wild horses .  visitors can connect with mustangs at the resort , which also offers hiking , abseiling and gamblin .
 'conan ' gives audience the moon in cable debut <sec> the new `` conan '' show follows a format familiar to late night viewers .  jokes about getting fired and working on basic cable dominated o'brien 's debut .  conan 's new set features an ocean backdrop and a remote-controlled moo .
 new york city to pay man $ 6.4 million for wrongful conviction <sec> david ranta served nearly 22 years for a brooklyn rabbi 's killing .  new york city has agreed to pay him $ 6.4 million for his wrongful conviction .  about 50 cases came under review after ranta 's conviction was overturne .
 for nfl officials , it 's a side job that requires a lot of work <sec> for most nfl officials , this is their weekend job .  it 's a hard profession to break into with only 121 spots .  most start out officiating high school games .  nfl wants applicants to have 10 years ' experienc .
 in 2012 , could we quit at top of our game ? <sec> bob greene : at new year , consider those , like cardinals ' la russa , who quit while ahead .  he asks : how many of us could make a resolution like that ? .  how many could not look back ? .  he says beatles , rocky marciano did . .  michael jordan tried , but came back to what he loved .  greene : somewhere someone at top of field is mulling quitting in 2012. it 's harder than it look .
 defeat of isis called unlikely on obama watch - cnnpolitics.com <sec> nsa 's tony blinken says isis `` probably '' wo n't be defeated under obama 's watch .  `` it will probably go beyond even this administration to get to the point of defeat , '' he tells cnn .  obama says u.s. has a clear objective against isi .
 california scientist : early tsunami warning system could be possible <sec> a tsunami has been observed for the first time on radar , an oceanographer says .  that was the march 11 tsunami that devastated japan .  the west coast already has a high-frequency radar system for the ocean .  southeast asia , parts of the u.s. east coast would have to build radar systems from scratc .
 new details revealed in fatal bronx bus crash <sec> fifteen people died in a bronx bus crash in early march .  the bus was headed to manhattan from a connecticut casino . .  an ntsb investigation does not support the bus driver 's claim that a truck clipped the bu .
 russia to hold talks with north korea over nuclear program <sec> a top north korean official will meet with russian officials on thursday in moscow .  they 'll discuss halting pyongyang 's nuclear program , a russia ministry says .  meeting is `` part of efforts to resume the six-party talks , '' according to that repor .
 kerry pushes for south sudan peace talks <sec> thousands have died in south sudan because of drought and political violence .  kerry says feuding leaders might meet next wee .
 2 small planes collide ; one pilot and a passenger are killed , authorities say <sec> new : a midair collision involving two small planes results in two deaths , authorities say .  new : the pilot and a passenger aboard one aircraft died .  planes collide about 5 miles south of an airport in virginia .  the pilot of the other plane is taken to a hospita .
 bones are fossett 's , dna testing shows <sec> bones were found more than a half-mile from plane wreck site in california .  dna testing confirms bones are fossett 's , authorities say .  adventurer disappeared after 2007 solo flight ; wreckage found last mont .
 life , in black , white and color <sec> bob greene says life magazine photographers shot definitive photos of their time .  he says new book provides a window into the artistry of the photographers .  their now-classic images were beautifully shot , many of them on deadline , greene say .
 adrien brody does not want you to see his new movie <sec> brody claims he 's owed $ 640,000 for filming `` giallo '' in italy .  his lawsuit says he was given the right to withhold the film until he is paid .  a lawyer for one defendant says the actor was paid nearly $ 1 millio .
 report : iran will not dismantle nuclear facilities , rouhani says <sec> iranian president hassan rouhani said dismantling nuclear facilities is a red line .  rouhani said that the amount of uranium enriched will depend on iran 's needs .  the iranian leader gave the interview to mark his 100 days in offic .
 mystery surrounds graves at boys ' reform school <sec> in 2009 , florida determined that 31 boys buried at a reform school were fire , flu victims .  today , investigators have found 18 more graves at the same site .  the team believes there 's another grave where black students may have been buried .  the state has remained mum on the new finding .
 stds still on the rise , report says <sec> cdc : women , minorities , 15- to 24-year-olds bear greatest std burden .  progress in eliminating syphilis has , to some extent , been reversed .  stds cost the u.s. health care system as much as $ 15.3 billion annuall .
 who is saif al-islam gadhafi ? <sec> saif al-islam gadhafi , 38 , was once thought to be a leading reformer .  he has emerged as one of his father 's most-visible defenders .  sources close to gadhafi tell cnn any transition in libya would involve saif .  `` he 's the heir apparent , '' says cnn national security contributor fran townsen .
 why immigration uproar went nationwide <sec> immigration actually slowed down in the last decade despite the uproar , authors say .  they say the immigration issue is much more contentious because of a poor economy .  some areas have seen immigrant population more than double , prompting controversy .  authors : while some pass laws to curb immigrants , other places welcome the .
 thai anti-government protesters target more ministries <sec> demonstrators say they plan to march to multiple government offices .  they want prime minister yingluck shinawatra 's government to step down .  the number of protesters has declined from a huge gathering sunday .  yingluck is facing a no confidence motion in parliament , where she has a majorit .
 fda committee weighs whether food dye affects kids ' behavior <sec> the fda usually follows through with panel 's recommendation .  testimony : some studies show some kids show signs of hyperactivity .  testimony : european companies are dropping dyes .  the united states still allows the .
 catholic group posts video of what it says is monk 's beheading <sec> catholic online : `` martyrdom is n't an ancient phenomenon '' .  christians have been caught in the syrian civil war 's crossfire .  sources say the militants are linked to jabhat al-nusra , catholic online say .
 snowden will leave moscow airport in a few days , lawyer says <sec> lawyer : snowden will leave moscow 's sheremetyevo airport in the next few days .  he applied for temporary asylum in russia on tuesday ; paperwork is pending .  putin says u.s.-russian ties `` are far more important '' than any intelligence scandal .  snowden has been in the airport transit zone since he left hong kong on june 2 .
 presley : jackson knew his fate <sec> lisa-marie presley , jackson were married from 1994 to 1996 .  she says jackson feared he would die like her father , elvis presley .  presley says their marriage was not `` a sham '' as press has said .  `` i wanted to save him from the inevitable , '' she say .
 missing child case 'awakened america ' <sec> the patz disappearance was one of several high-profile cases .  etan patz 's photo was posted on milk cartons .  abductions by strangers are rare ; runaways are much more numerous .  authorities use the amber alert system when children go missin .
 teen who covered katy perry 's 'roar ' dies <sec> olivia wise 's recording of 'roar ' became a viral online hit in october .  the 16-year-old was diagnosed last year with terminal brain cancer .  `` she died peacefully in her home '' monday , her family says .  the family released another song by olivia called `` simple girl .
 ryan ferguson freed from prison after murder conviction overturned <sec> lawyer 's two words told him his fate : `` it 's over '' .  ryan ferguson has been in prison since 2004 .  he is freed tuesday night days after court overturns his murder conviction .  the missouri attorney general says he wo n't retry ferguso .
 san antonio spurs hire becky hammon as assistant coach <sec> hammon , a six-time wnba all-star , announced july 23 she will retire as a player .  spurs head coach gregg popovich praises her coaching talent .  hammon is not the first woman in nba history on an nba coaching staf .
 2,500 seek release of u.s. hikers detained in iran <sec> families submit petitions with 2,500 signatures to iran 's u.n. mission .  shane bauer , sarah shourd and josh fattal were detained july 31 .  petition seeks `` compassion in this unfortunate case '' .  signatures gathered at freethehikers.org and at vigil .
 'cougar town ' team promise gobs of nudity in season 4 <sec> `` cougar town '' kicked off the winter television critics association press tour .  co-creator expressed more appreciation for tbs rescuing the show .  there was talk about this being the `` year of cleavage .
 obama , think big for state of the union <sec> julian zelizer : obama delivers first state of the union of second term .  he says it 's an opportunity for president to sketch a broad vision for u.s . .  speech comes at a time of continuing economic troubles in america , he says .  zelizer : obama can follow in the footsteps of fdr and lb .
 it 's obama vs. romney in new mobile game <sec> video game lets players pit president obama against mitt romney in hand-to-hand combat .  game due out thursday for iphone , ipad and ipods .  app keeps track of `` vote '' totals worldwide to see who 's winnin .
 gop says obama playing politics with bin laden anniversary <sec> gop says obama campaign has turned osama bin laden 's death into a political issue .  campaign adviser defends use of killing in recent web video and in joe biden speech .  mitt romney expected to meet with former rival rick santorum on friday .  romney set to campaign monday with sen. kelly ayotte of new hampshir .
