 israeli president : no doubt obama has israel 's back <sec> peres believes obama would use military force if necessary to prevent a nuclear iran .  israeli president says he trusts obama and `` i respect his words '' .  obama says it will be a year before iran reaches final development stage of nuke .  threat of military action designed to pressure iran to negotiate a diplomatic settlemen .
 police : 10-year-old boy in custody after mother is killed <sec> a 10-year-old boy was taken into custody after police suspect he killed his mother .  deborah l. mcvay , 46 , was found face down on her living room floor in holmesville , ohio .  the boy 's attorney said he entered a denial that the boy purposely killed his mothe .
 high court debates dog fighting videos <sec> the justices heard an hour of debate about scope and intent of decade-old statute .  statute supporters say it helps stop profiting from the torture and abuse of animals .  media groups , national rifle association say the law is overly broad .  case is first prosecution in the united states to go to trial under the 1999 la .
 warren jeffs no longer representing himself <sec> jeffs leaves the courtroom during the sentencing phase of his trial .  one of the attorneys whom jeffs had fired earlier represented him friday .  jeffs was convicted of sexually assaulting to teenage `` spiritual wives .
 the psychology of heroism : why some people leap in front of bullets <sec> a wisconsin temple president and a policeman emerge as heroes .  heroes also emerged in the colorado movie theater shooting .  research shoes heroic and egotistical impulses can emerge simultaneously .  one psychiatrist discounts the idea that heroism is a choic .
 'bioshock ' creator talks history , writing and 'nerdity ' <sec> ken levine is the creator of one of this year 's most talked about games , `` bioshock : infinite '' .  he considered himself a nerd as a child and continuously spent hours playing video games .  levine also helped create 'system shock 2 ' and 'thief ' along with 'bioshock 2 .
 pakistan media full of wikileaks discussion <sec> the news : `` pakistan 's future is really bleak '' .  one newsman says the cables have n't revealed anything new .  anchor questions how democratic pakistan really i .
 senate overrides bush 's water bill veto <sec> senate negates veto of bill that helps gulf coast , everglades , great lakes .  white house says `` no one is surprised that this veto was overridden '' .  bill funds projects including the reconstruction of levees around new orleans .  president bush has called the measure too costl .
 u.s. investigates soldier shooting , car chase in south korea <sec> the u.s. army said monday it `` regrets '' an incident in which a u.s. solider was shot .  yonhap : soldier allegedly refused to stop for south korean police and shot in shoulder .  the solider and two others were involved in a late saturday car chase through the streets of seou .
 numb and number : is trillion the new billion ? <sec> one billion is equal to 1,000 million ; one trillion is equal to 1,000 billion .  one trillion stacked dollars would reach nearly 60,000 miles , one-third way to moon .  professor : you could n't spend $ 1 trillion if you spent $ 1m a day since jesus ' birth .  all financial market interventions , loans , bailouts total more than $ 7 trillio .
 obama and putin may cross paths in france at d-day commemoration <sec> obama and putin could come face to face in france at d-day commemoration .  french president hollande dined with obama before separate dinner with putin .  no formal talks have been announced ; putin says he wo n't avoid anyone .  obama said he would reiterate comments on ukraine if leaders mee .
 opinion : gutting obamacare is playing with lives <sec> before obamacare , jennifer devoe saw people lose insurance and suffer .  today , she sees patients gain insurance , get healthier , and get care they could n't afford before .  she laments `` herculean efforts '' to end subsidies for working americans to finally get insured .  devoe says court battles are a waste of time : americans are dying unnecessaril .
 is this the future of private travel ? <sec> car-plane hybrid looks to make aviation affordable amidst private jet slump .  skyrunner debuts at farnborough this week with price tag of $ 80,000 .  regulations to be resolved before caroplane really takes of .
 jacques cousteau : 'the most creative and imaginative person i 've ever met ' <sec> jacques cousteau allied an inventive genius to his exploring and photography skills .  cousteau collaborator , susan schiefelbein remembers the frenchman 's contributions to marine exploration .  cousteau helped design the `` diving saucer '' which helped further knowledge of ocean depths .  explorer also campaigned to stop nuclear waste being dumped in the mediterranean sea in 1960 .
 vehicle pileups kill 1 in indiana ; 3 in michigan <sec> trailer hauling elephants went off road , but they were not injured .  several people are taken to indiana hospitals ; one person dies from injuries .  white-out conditions are blamed for chain-reaction crash involving 40 cars , semis .  michigan pileup over a bridge kills two child and one adul .
 how ancient japanese pagoda inspired the smartphone in your pocket <sec> an ancient japanese temple inspired an italian inventor to create a piece of technology vital for smartphones .  the toji pagoda in kyoto has stood in the same place for more than 1,200 years despite being situated in an earthquake zone .  the architectural underpinnings of the structure acted as inspiration for a new type of micro-processor .  mems technology is now a vital component in smartphone and tablet device .
 british contractor beaten in iraq over alleged insult to islam <sec> a mob of men drags a contractor out of a car and beats him , a video shows .  the contractor allegedly tore down flags of important imams , local media report .  the british man 's condition is unknown ; the british foreign office is aware of the incident .  shiite muslims are preparing to celebrate ashura , which honors a 7th century ima .
 numbers announced in record mega millions jackpot <sec> new : the winning numbers are 46 23 38 4 2 , with a mega ball of 23 .  psychologist : `` you have about no chance '' at winning `` but it really gets people excited '' .  friday 's jackpot is the largest ever that an individual can win .  if there 's no winner , the jackpot will rise to about $ 975 millio .
 resolution may be near between students and bar accused of racism <sec> group : bar kept african-american students out , let white classmates in .  washington university 's senior class was celebrating at the chicago bar .  class president : bar cited dress code violations , but clothing swap did n't help .  class complains to illinois attorney general , others ; bar has n't returned cnn 's call .
 commentary : raise a ruckus , make a difference <sec> malaak compton-rock : some critical of `` black in america '' focus on problems .  she says community has serious challenges to overcome , particularly for children .  compton-rock : `` black in america 2 '' will show solutions .  she says naysayers must join the fight to improve condition .
 indiana : sliding a half-mile-long bridge sets new record <sec> workers move new ohio river bridge into place between indiana and kentucky .  steel cables and computer-controlled jacks pulled the 30 million-pound bridge 55 feet .  the bridge was moved from a set of temporary piers to a set of refurbished pier .
 riding a motorcycle to school <sec> eulalia from peru is one of few indigenous children able to go to school .  eulalia attends a boarding school run by the humanitarian organization care .  care : 73 % of indigenous children in peru are behind in school and nearly 30 % do n't go to school .  child labor is often used for illegal gold mining in per .
 women-only hotel floors tap boom in female business travel <sec> copenhagen 's bella sky hotel was the first in europe to dedicate a floor entirely to women .  special touches in the rooms include fresh flowers , day and night moisturizers , and powerful hairdryers .  hotels globally are adding women-only floors to cater to boom in female business trave .
 why the kindle fire hd is so cheap <sec> kindle fire hd is n't really `` best tablet at any price '' but still decent option for the price .  amazon offsets lower price by using the tablet to spur more sales .  ads and suggestions are frequent when using the fire hd .  it 's not a deal-breaker but could open the door for google 's nexus .
 pope supported civil unions in argentina , activist says <sec> an activist and a pastor say the pope told them he supported civil unions in argentina .  reports say the pope also pushed bishops to support the idea at a 2010 meeting .  as archbishop of buenos aires , the pope was a vocal opponent to same-sex marriage .  the pope once called same-sex marriage `` a destructive attack on god 's plan .
 billy graham in hospital for intestinal bleeding <sec> christian evangelist graham , 88 , in fair condition .  admitted to mission health and hospitals in asheville , north carolina .  physicians say the bleeding may be diverticuliti .
 zahir belounis : 'i can not wait to go home ' <sec> zahir belounis given exit visa to leave qatar .  football player will return to france thursday along with wife and daughters .  tells cnn he wants to get his `` life back to normal '' .  world players ' union announce four-day qatar visit to discuss players ' human right .
 zimbabwe military blamed for bloodshed in diamond mining <sec> probe finds illegal diamond mining by zimbabwe troops leads to attacks on civilians .  watchdog group urges government to investigate accusations against military .  zimbabwean official admits illegal diamond mining taking place .  government unable to verify allegations of deaths and mass graves , official say .
 jose mourinho explains mata omission after crucial win for chelsea <sec> oscar and john obi mikel score in chelsea 's 2-0 win at home to fulham .  jose mourinho 's team goes top of the epl on goal difference .  mourinho drops fan favorite juan mata and brings back john terry .  previous leader liverpool suffers first defeat this seaso .
 despite the naysayers , woman goes from trekkie to nasa engineer <sec> candy torres ' love of `` star trek '' inspired her to dedicate her life to nasa .  despite being told that woman could n't work in the space program , she persisted .  one of the first women to work in aerospac .
 police seek help in probe of baby 's death <sec> county board establishes a $ 25,000 reward for tips leading to conviction in case .  three-week-old eliza was found dead after being abducted .  her mother , father and uncle were shot at a home in long beac .
 stoned pakistani woman 's husband : i killed my first wife <sec> husband of slain woman says he killed his first wife .  pakistani prime minister orders full report on the killing .  farzana parveen , 3 months pregnant , was stoned tuesday in a public area of a big city .  her father , brothers and cousins participated in the stonin .
 simplify your life : telecommuting is n't just for parents <sec> the outcry around yahoo 's new telecommuting policy has centered on parents .  maureen jenkins argues that you do n't have to be a parent to demand better work options .  just as a nonparent may offer more scheduling flexibility , that worker can demand reciprocity .  working from home can offer health benefits as well as others , says one teleworke .
 5 fun ways to get a taste of the harvest <sec> fall reminds travelers of nature 's bounty .  become a vintner for a day or observe a historic sugar cane harvest .  digging for clams on prince edward island is a fun activity anytime the coast is thawe .
 man pleads no contest in slaying of his alleged molester <sec> aaron vargas was set to stand trial for first-degree murder next week in darrell mcneill 's death .  vargas says mcneill molested him as a teen , emotionally tormented him as an adult .  many in community support vargas ; other adult men say mcneill abused them as children .  mendocino county district attorney says there is no way to substantiate abuse claim .
 research shows hispanic women get breast cancer treatment late <sec> hispanic women learn of breast cancer at later stages , research shows .  language , cultural barriers and lack of insurance may impede medical care .  other factors include fear of results and difficulty scheduling an appointmen .
 jury deliberates case of internet hoax that led to deadly shooting <sec> a bogus internet threat may have led to 17-year-old 's death .  shooting followed confrontation between daniel cicciaro and aaron white .  aaron white 's father is charged with aggravated manslaughter .  defense attorneys say john white feared a racial attack before the shootin .
 crime and punishment in sport : laying down the law ? <sec> fallout from racism case involving john terry and anton ferdinand shows no sign of going away .  terry was handed a four-match ban and a $ 356,000 fine by the english football association .  fabio capello lost his job as england coach ; terry lost the england captaincy and then retired .  in the u.s. the nba and mls have begun to explore new ways of punishing players .
 ricciardo and vergne to drive for toro rosso in 2012 <sec> daniel ricciardo and jean-eric vergne will drive for toro rosso in 2012 .  the duo replace the 2011 pairing of sebastien buemi and jaime alguersuari .  team lotus officially change their name to caterham f1 on wednesday .  hispania racing team announce the departure of team principle colin kolle .
 life with autism : your stories <sec> ireporters share their stories of life with autism .  families overcome hurdles and become even closer because of autism .  across the spectrum , autism brings as many blessings as struggle .
 poll : nearly half support sotomayor 's confirmation <sec> almost half of americans favor sonia sotomayor as supreme court justice , poll says .  most democrats support her while most republicans oppose , according to poll .  sotomayor would succeed retiring justice david souter .  confirmation hearings set to start monda .
 kate moss statue 'largest since ancient egypt ' <sec> statue of kate moss billed as largest gold statue built since ancient egypt .  called `` siren , '' the statue will be on display at the british museum .  moss statue will be displayed in gallery housing ancient greek sculptur .
 man with lou gehrig 's makes extraordinary offer of his organs <sec> garry phebus says he 's under a `` death sentence '' .  `` there 's nothing greater than for a family member to receive an organ '' .  doctor : physicians are unlikely to go along with the georgia man 's plan .  some als sufferers live for decades with the diseas .
 obama says he 's not bluffing on iran nukes <sec> new : `` this is a dangerous time , actually , '' says middle east analyst .  the president is set to meet with netanyahu .  `` it 's unacceptable for iran to have a nuclear weapon , '' obama says .  the risk of an iranian weapon falling into terrorist hands is `` profound , '' he say .
 5 things to watch at the sochi winter olympics on thursday <sec> home ice has not always been kind to female figure skaters .  the same ol ' women 's hockey final is a revenge match for the u.s . .  canada tries to finish perfect curling run .  sarah burke would have been proud to see halfpipe in the olympics finall .
 redrawing the lines -- almost 200 years of gerrymandering <sec> term coined after massachusetts gov . .  gerry signed redistricting law in early 1800s .  political parties can use tactic to pack opposition voters into districts already lost .  gerrymandering still a key part of american politics .  it 's already becoming an issue with the 2010 census loomin .
 is apple 's iphone 5c a flop ? <sec> analysts expected the iphone 5c to appeal to customers with its low price .  but , especially in emerging markets , it has n't been significantly discounted .  reports say production has slowed , and retailers are slashing its price .  but some observers say it 's way too early to predict success or failur .
 mexico 's other enemy : obesity rates triple in last 3 decades <sec> diabetes is the no . .  1 killer in mexico , health agency says .  nearly 70 % of the population is overweight or obese .  mexicans drink more than 42 gallons of soft drinks per person each yea .
 egypt protests draw mixed reaction in region <sec> new : saudi arabia 's stock market drops over 6 % of its value .  an israeli knesset member says mubarak told him the army was prepared .  iranian official says egypt should abide by 'rightful demands of the nation ' .  saudi king says no muslim can bear `` infilitrators , '' abbas affirms solidarit .
 pentagon report : china extending military reach <sec> a pentagon report on china 's military cites the u.s. military 's concerns .  china has the most active ballistic and cruise missile program in the world .  china could start building its first aircraft carrier this year .  but china 's ability to sustain military power at a distance remains limited for no .
 u.s. source : code words in al qaeda intercepts raised 'great concern ' <sec> source : officials believed intercepts indicated potentially imminent attack .  coded words pointed to likelihood of attack on overseas u.s. installation , source says .  `` there was a sense of imminence '' in the intercepted messages , a u.s. official said .  yemeni official said suspected bomb-maker not hurt in drone strike , contrary to repor .
 opinion : does america want another president clinton ? <sec> tim stanley : hillary clinton bashed by gop , praised by obama and still front-runner .  he says she has new book , top anchors interviewing her ; this usually signals candidacy .  she must deal with two compromised records , with two administrations , he says .  stanley : gop weighing many candidates . .  dems offering one . .  do voters want another clinton .
 developer announces new , big cargo rocket <sec> it can carry more cargo than any space vehicle ever built except the saturn v moon rocket .  it should be ready for its first test flight in late 2013 .  space x is paying for all the development cost .
 sudan 's wanted president visits egypt <sec> sudan 's president has been accused of war crimes and genocide .  amnesty international has called for his arrest during a visit to egypt .  egypt says it 's following african union policy by ignoring an arrest warran .
 holder on ohio early voting decision : a 'step backward ' <sec> eric holder blasts the supreme court 's ruling involving voting laws in ohio .  the law limits the state 's 35 early voting window by seven days .  he and other critics say the law disproportionately affects minorities .  proponents say it helps the state better lin .
 top 10 best-selling small cars <sec> small cars continue to be hot among buyers looking for fuel economy .  honda civic is one of the most reliable and popular economy compact cars .  sentra front-wheel drive 4-door sedan is practical , roomy and economical .  yaris combines well-tailored , roomy interior with agile performanc .
 sculptor 's crack baffles art world <sec> work by colombian sculptor at london 's tate modern is crack in concrete floor .  doris salcedo refuses to reveal how she created the huge work of art .  `` shibboleth '' represents gap between white europeans and the rest of humanit .
 double agent : danish agency tried to buy silence in al-awlaki plot <sec> danish newspaper jyllands-posten has published details of morten storm 's story .  storm says he helped track down anwar al-awlaki .  plot involved finding the cleric a western wife , putting a tracking device in her suitcase .  storm says danish intelligence tried to buy his silenc .
 a path lined with mummies and meditations <sec> summum takes monument fight to supreme court and loses .  spiritual group practices meditation and mummification .  group meets in pyramid in salt lake city , utah .  founder corky ra is preserved in a mummiform soon to be displaye .
 blending in on campus reportedly not so easy for 'potter ' star <sec> british actress emma watson participated in freshman orientation at brown .  the `` harry potter '' actress ' enrollment at the university has sparked interest .  stars such as james franco and natalie portman have also gone ivy league .  boston globe reports actress ashley judd asked harvard to protect her privac .
 a dozen killed in pakistan explosions <sec> car bombing kills 10 in quetta and wounds 30 more .  a bomb blast in the tribal region kills two and wounds three , an official says .  the bomb was detonated remotely near the town of dara bazar , the official say .
 the peculiar history of the pledge of allegiance <sec> after the pledge of allegiance was written , a stiff-armed salute was developed to accompany it .  bob greene writes that its meaning got clouded when fascist movements used similar salute .  after outbreak of world war ii , congress passed legislation to replace the salute .  greene : 71 years ago , the practice of placing your hand over the heart was adopte .
 building a healthy community in 'the nation 's salad bowl ' <sec> california is `` nation 's salad bowl '' but many do n't have access to fresh produce .  sarah ramirez 's be healthy tulare collects excess fruit and vegetables .  that produce , which would otherwise go to waste , is delivered to those in need .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2014 cnn heroe .
 'mean girls ' characters : where are they now ? <sec> tina fey has confirmed there wo n't be a sequel .  for fun , ew imagines the characters now .  ms. norbury achieves world dominatio .
