 opinion : obama 's no-win options in syria <sec> aaron miller says president obama has no good choices on syria .  he says u.s. would probably provide arms to elements of the opposition .  that is the least risky course but still could mean a slippery slide toward war , he says .  miller : obama rightly wants to avoid the risks , bloodshed , cost of another wa .
 dutch firm weighs settlement in ivory coast toxic waste case <sec> dutch firm trafigura : toxic dumping did n't harm anyone , according to experts .  u.n. report : fifteen people died , 69 were hospitalized , and thousands were treated .  toxic waste areas still have not been decontaminated , u.n. statement say .
 newspaper removes controversial online database of gun permit holders <sec> the journal news unplugs an online map listing gun permit holders .  the map has served its purpose , publisher says .  newspaper said it did n't cower to vocal critic .
 u.n. extends darfur peacekeeping mission <sec> u.n. security council renews the mandate of the mission in darfur .  the mission 's current mandate was due to end friday .  a report this week said fighting has intensified and deaths have increase .
 is online dating a waste of time ? <sec> writer has trouble filling out his profile for an online dating service .  he figures if he is borderline dishonest about his traits , his date will be too .  thinks he would be better off dressing like zeus , bellowing on the street at women .  says online dating sites draw singles who feel entitled to instant happines .
 asteroid to pass close to earth on sunday <sec> asteroid 2014 rc will fly `` very close '' to earth on sunday .  earth 's not in danger , nasa says , but the flyby will give scientists something to study .  the asteroid , which is expected to fly over new zealand , wo n't be visible the naked ey .
 zimmerman surrenders , is booked into florida jail <sec> man who shot florida teen met authorities in a parking lot , sheriff says .  he 'd been in a `` secure , undisclosed location '' amid `` significant threats against his life '' .  a florida judge set a sunday afternoon deadline for george zimmerman to surrender .  the judge revoked bail after a ruling that zimmerman misled the cour .
 'words are ... inadequate , ' obama tells families of colorado shooting victims <sec> new : thousands gather to pray at a community vigil in aurora , colorado .  new : aurora mayor : `` we will reclaim our city in the name of goodness , kindness '' .  obama decries the attack as an `` evil act '' and pledges the support of the nation .  suspect james holmes is accused of opening fire friday in a crowded theater , killing 1 .
 skype translator to break the web-chat language barrier <sec> the heads of microsoft and skype show off a new language-translation tool .  skype translator lets speakers of different languages communicate with each other .  microsoft ceo satya nadella says the project is in its early stages .  a beta version is expected out by the end of the yea .
 'slumdog millionaire ' child star 's 'illegal ' home demolished <sec> azharuddin mohammed ismail 's home is in garib nagar , or city of the poor .  indian authorities say the home , 20 others , were illegally built .  family says they got no notice , plan to rebuil .
 tepco shareholders reject bid to abandon nuclear energy <sec> shareholders voice concerns for future of the company -- and nuclear energy .  but they reject a motion to abandon nuclear energy .  many want japan to close its nuclear plants .  tepco is still struggling to control the situation at fukushim .
 crew of crashed plane being used as 'scapegoats , ' relative says <sec> new : `` i think i walked out of the hearings in shock , '' co-pilot 's mother says .  panel is investigating february crash near buffalo , new york , that killed 50 .  pilot slept in lounge before flight , co-pilot commuted all night , safety board hears .  relative of passenger says she 's furious crew may have had little slee .
 5 faces of the march on washington <sec> wednesday marks 50 years since the march on washington .  cnn is showcasing firsthand accounts in `` we were there : the march on washington .
 eric cantor 'earthquake ' will rattle capitol hill - cnnpolitics.com <sec> cantor 's loss shakes up gop leadership , kills hope for immigration reform in house .  challenger 's win also gives jolt of energy to tea party movement .  cantor 's problem was that base grew distrustful of him , analyst say .
 police eye suspect in newlywed 's slaying <sec> police may be close to naming a suspect in slaying of nicole ganguzza .  ganguzza was 26 and had been married about a year .  she was attacked while jogging in an orlando , florida , park on june 10 .  have information ? .  please call crime line at 1-800-423-tip .
 lax shooting underlines security vulnerabilities <sec> tsa seized 1,556 guns in 2012 , nearly double the amount in 2007 .  gunman opens fire friday at los angeles international airport .  tsa screens about 1.8 million passengers and their luggage daily for prohibited item .
 beach boys kick off 50th anniversary tour in tucson <sec> the beach boys kicked off their 50th anniversary tour in tucson .  it was a public reconciliation between brian wilson and the band 's other members .  over the course of nearly two and a half hours , they played an astonishing 42 song .
 did you win ? numbers announced for $ 636 million mega millions jackpot <sec> new : at least two winning tickets were sold , one in california and one in georgia .  the winning numbers are 8 , 20 , 14 , 17 and 39 , with a megaball of 7 .  the jackpot is so large in part because mega millions ' odds rose with more numbers in play .  the jackpot is close to the record $ 656 million prize that was split in 201 .
 u.s. navy arrests pirate suspects in gulf of aden <sec> seven men captured after failed attack on ship , u.s. navy says .  men tried to board tanker from skiff , but crew removed ladders , navy says .  navy cruiser found skiff after tanker made distress call .  cruiser was patrolling gulf of aden as part of u.s.-led , antipiracy task forc .
 pakistani taliban claims responsibility for police station attack <sec> about 10 militants storm the police station .  the attack comes a day after pakistani taliban denied reports of a ceasefir .
 rand paul talks to cnn about naacp meeting in ferguson - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rand paul talked to cnn 's wolf blitzer about his meeting in ferguson , missouri with the naacp . .  he said republicans have made a big mistake by not reaching out to black voters . .  paul believes that local police forces have become too militarized . .  he also says he has solutions to help decrease `` racial outcomes '' in the war on drugs .
 distraught dokic bows out at roland garros <sec> jelena dokic 's emotional french open comeback ended by a back injury .  former world no.4 was in tears before walking off the court at roland garros .  she had led elena dementieva 6-2 3-2 in her first paris outing since 2004 .  but she called it quits after russian fourth seed won the next two game .
 no evidence wounded hit by friendly fire at fort hood <sec> new : official : evidence so far indicates alleged shooter acted alone .  new : maj. nidal malik hasan off ventilator , spokesman says .  chief of surgery : some patients will be `` physically impaired '' for life .  president obama says he met with fbi director and will monitor investigatio .
 chick-fil-a investigating possible pay card breach <sec> chick-fil-a says the possible breach happened at a `` few restaurants '' .  the chain did not specify which restaurants or their locations .  chick-fil-a said it first learned of suspicious payment card activity on december 1 .
 norquist 's no-tax pledge has survived challenges before <sec> lawmakers are publicly defying the taxpayer protection pledge .  but grover norquist , the man behind the pledge , says he 's seen it before .  norquist is n't deep-pocketed , but he 's routinely listed as one of washington 's most powerful .  bill clinton mused that it seemed gop moves had to be approved in advance by norquis .
 mcauliffe on clinton decision : '60 days ' clock ticking <sec> terry mcauliffe says hillary clinton will decide if she will run for president in the next 60 days .  the time frame points to a january decision date .  in september , clinton said she would decide by that tim .
 bic : 'bahrain grand prix will go ahead ' <sec> a bahrain international circuit spokesman tells cnn that april 's f1 race will go ahead .  the 2011 bahrain grand prix was canceled due to civil unrest in the gulf state .  protests against the island kingdom 's monarchy began one year ago on february 14 .  the bic is confident the venue will be safe for the race , scheduled for april 2 .
 sample the vibrancy of vietnam in ho chi minh city <sec> the city is buzzing with motorbikes , so be quick to get up to speed .  all the sights , smells and color of the city can be found around cho ben thanh .  take a break from the heat and traffic with regular pit stops for delicious local foo .
 researcher : iphone bug could let hackers steal photos , contacts and send texts <sec> researcher : ios flaw raises questions about app store 's security .  the security hole could let hackers steal photos , contacts and send texts , he says .  charlie miller , the researcher , is one of the most prominent apple hackers .  miller says he alerted apple to the bug three weeks ag .
 opinion : world hopes kate and william will have a girl <sec> arianne chernock : popular opinion prefers that prince william and kate have a girl .  chernock : the fervor has to do with a new succession law that gives girls equal rights .  she says another reason is women have worn the crown in britain in recent histor .
 afghan president condemns fatal bombing at military airfield <sec> a suicide bomber targeted a nato base , an official says .  at least 9 people are killed and 12 wounded in the explosion , the official says .  another attack of `` some significance '' reported near pakistani border .  food at a nato base appears to have been contaminated , isaf say .
 ancelotti : psg can rival europe 's best <sec> psg coach carlo ancelotti says the club wants to rival barcelona and real madrid .  the italian says the club 's qatari owners want to make psg one of europe 's top clubs .  ancelotti confident psg can recruit top players after failing to land beckham and tevez .  former ac milan coach glad to be reunited with his former player leonard .
 oracle ceo buys hawaii island known for pineapples , bill gates ' wedding <sec> new : ellison may be coming to the rescue of an island that is losing millions .  oracle ceo larry ellison buys 98 % of the hawaiian island , governor says .  the island once grew 75 % of the world 's pineapples .  fortune : bill and melinda gates married on lana'i , hawaii 's sixth largest islan .
 cartel 'stewmaker ' says he dissolved 300 bodies <sec> suspect says he worked for powerful mexican drug trafficker .  he says he got $ 600 a week to deal with those who owed drug lord .  police have not said whether they find man 's story credible .  families hope he could have information on their missing loved one .
 slaughter of a soldier : suspects and shoppers mingle on one street <sec> as soldier lay dying in london street , apparent attackers posed for photos .  little sense of panic , one woman shoved past suspect as he ranted to a passer-by .  one bystander said she pleaded with the suspect to refrain from further violence .  two suspects were shot by police , and were taken to hospital under armed guar .
 cvs to pay $ 77.6 million in meth ingredient case <sec> new : company says it will institute new controls .  cvs agrees to pay $ 77.6 million to resolve investigation .  pseudoephedrine is used in methamphetamine productio .
 qatar 2022 : will new charter protect migrant workers at world cup ? <sec> qatar 's world cup 2022 organizers adopt a 'workers ' charter ' .  charter is response to criticism of treatment of migrant workers on building projects .  fifa set qatar a deadline of february 12 to update on improvements .  critics say qatar 's 'kafala ' system needs to be reforme .
 north slope crude spills from alaska pipeline <sec> several thousand barrels of oil overflow alaska pipeline tank .  source flow has been stopped but pipeline still shut down .  spill remained in designated containment are .
 record flooding still in forecast after levee breach <sec> farmer says the sight of his submerged farm makes you `` sick to your stomach '' .  operations seems to be working so far , official says .  levees are breached at birds point and new madrid , missouri .  record or near-record flooding is still forecast in at least eight state .
 could austerity be the right cure for europe 's hangover ? <sec> commentators are placing the blame for europe 's spending woes on government austerity .  alex castellanos says europe has n't really embraced austerity yet .  he says the binge in government spending ca n't go on forever .  castellanos : asking whether austerity works is like asking a drinker if sobriety work .
 prince and 3rdeyegirl bringing hit & run tour to u.s . <sec> it will be a first time for the tour stateside .  first show will be in louisville , kentuck .
 hong kong dock strike cripples world 's third busiest port <sec> dock workers in hong kong are striking for the seventh day , crippling port operations .  about 500 workers outside the world 's third largest port are demanding a 15 % pay increase .  hong kong international terminals is estimating berthing delays of up to 60 hours .  strikers attract groundswell of support from pro-democracy parties and student .
 roger federer , novak djokovic could meet in 2014 davis cup <sec> roger federer 's switzerland battles novak djokovic 's serbia in the davis cup .  federer , unlike djokovic and rafael nadal , has never won the prestigious team event .  record champion the u.s. plays former tournament standout great britain .  serbia faces defending champion the czech republic in this year 's fina .
 mysterious mine-like device detonated off new jersey 's coast <sec> the navy 's detonation of a mine-like device shoots water 100 feet high .  how the device weighing several hundred pounds got near coast is unclear .  fifteen families were evacuated as a precaution ; no one was injured .  leftover parts of the device will be analyzed for information about its origi .
 burned florida boy is back in hospital <sec> michael brewer had trouble breathing `` and is now back in the icu , '' hospital says .  no word on whether his condition is related to burns on 65 percent of his body .  he was burned october 12 , released from hospital burn unit december 22 after skin grafts .  three teens charged as adults with attempted murder in connection with burnin .
 obama 's second term would look different <sec> david frum : a second term for barack obama would have a different shape .  he says dems likely wo n't control both houses , giving him little chance for major legislation .  frum : obama would likely benefit from an improving economy but would face challenges overseas .  u.s. energy production boom would bring u.s. closer to energy independence , he say .
 best advice your dad gave you ? <sec> people share words of wisdom from their fathers .  sinrod 's father taught her to `` never try to solve problems at night . '' .  usen 's father advised her to always make her bed in the mornin .
 kasich : obamacare here to stay <sec> new : governor 's spokesman says comments were reported out of context .  repeal `` not gon na happen '' even if gop takes senate , ohio gov . .  kasich says in interview .  his comments are a major break from republicans who argue the law should be repeale .
 16 dead , 140 hurt as chaos , violence grip thai capital <sec> new : hospitals say 16 people have been killed in bangkok violence .  red shirt leader `` seh daeng '' is hospitalized after being shot earlier .  government says troops are regaining control of downtown are .
 1.6 million vie for 8,750 pairs of jackson memorial tickets <sec> new : registration for tickets to singer 's memorial service closes .  michael jackson 's family deciding whether to bring body to public service .  family has not announced any plans for his burial .  journalists stake out possible locations of singer 's buria .
 from clowns to kings : when poland ( almost ) ruled the soccer world <sec> poland are co-hosting euro 2012 and are keen to show they are a leading european democracy .  their current football team is at a low ebb but they enjoyed a golden spell during the 1970s and 80s .  in 1974 their derided team gained a draw with england that sent them to the world cup .  players like striker zbigniew boniek and goalkeeper jan tomaszewski were instrumenta .
 life after communism <sec> poland was ruled by soviet-backed regime after the second world war .  solidarity movement became a key factor in the fall of communist regime .  centrally-planned economic system replaced by free market economy .  poland joined the european union in 200 .
 japanese pm shinzo abe 's election gamble puts policies on the line <sec> japan 's pm shinzo abe calls snap election for december 14 .  he 's framing the election as a referendum on his much-vaunted 'abenomics ' economic policies .  analysts suggest he may be shoring up power .  other issues are important to japanese voters , but may not get much play in this electio .
 maine 's clean elections law needs support ( opinion ) <sec> about a billion dollars will be spent by special interests on midterm elections .  ben cohen : we do n't want a government of , by and for fat cats and plutocrats .  he says maine 's clean elections system promotes public funding , democracy .  cohen : the clean elections initiative helps take out big money out of politic .
 safety changes made after fall during 'spider-man : turn off the dark ' <sec> new : show 's director calls incident `` heartbreaking '' .  wednesday 's matinee performance has been postponed , a spokesman says .  31-year-old christopher tierney is listed in serious condition .  the new york fire department says the man fell 20 to 30 fee .
 man convicted of capital murder in connecticut home invasion case <sec> new : father : `` my family is still gone '' .  the penalty phase is scheduled to begin october 18 .  steven hayes is convicted of capital murder .  jurors acquitted hayes of an arson charg .
 cnn wins emmy for 'election night ' coverage <sec> new : cnn 's nick paton walsh , `` kids of race '' series also win emmy awards .  cnn wins for live coverage of a news story for `` election night in america '' .  the awards were given at the 34th news and documentary emmy award .
 answers to your breast cancer questions <sec> angelina jolie revealed this week she 's had a double mastectomy .  cnn anchor zoraida sambolin also revealed she has breast cancer .  sambolin has been asked questions by cnn viewers about breast cance .
 starting a financial revolution -- the wikipedia way <sec> the financial system should take cues from wikipedia , says former broker brett scott .  the system should focus on transparency , access and community .  cowdfunding opens up financing opportunities to the underdogs , he say .
 al qaeda threats , terror plans surface <sec> new : `` we are going to ultimately defeat al qaeda , '' obama says .  dozens of people are arrested in abbottabad , a pakistani intelligence official says .  al qaeda says bin laden 's death will curse the united states .  the group says it is n't going away and will continue to plo .
 two more secret service agents resign over colombia scandal <sec> nine secret service agents are out or leaving over the prostitution scandal .  military officials will brief senators this week on the controversy .  republican sen. grassley calls for further investigation of white house staff .  president obama refers to secret service agents involved as `` knuckleheads .
 pakistan to honor girls injured in malala attack <sec> kainat riaz ahmed and shazia ramzan are to be honored for bravery , a minister says .  the sitara-e- jurrat , or star of courage , is the third highest military award in pakistan .  the girls were injured along with malala yousufzai in an attack on their school van .  malala 's efforts to ensure girls ' rights to education have won international acclai .
 novartis loses indian patent case <sec> for years , india did not recognise patents on drugs , which allowed india 's generics drugs industry to flourish .  in a statement issued following the ruling , novartis called the decision `` a setback for patients '' .  novartis has threatened that if it lost the case , it would not introduce its newest generation of medicines to indi .
 toobin : death penalty will be reserved for murderers <sec> toobin : ruling falls in line with recent court decisions on death penalty .  justice kennedy , in decision , said it would not be fair to place burden on child victim .  public support for executions down in recent years , toobin sai .
