 iraq summons turkey to protest airstrikes <sec> around 80 people have been wounded , turkish military says .  targets included rebel barracks , caves , ammunition depots and anti-aircraft position .  a pkk spokesman said no rebels had been kille .
 how do you know your airline is safe ? <sec> international regulators have lists and registries dedicated to airline safety .  the federal aviation administration rates international aviation authorities .  the european union has a list of airlines banned from operating in the eu .  many airlines are audited and registered with an international trade grou .
 u.n. closer to outing alleged syrian war criminals <sec> u.n. commission has compiled four lists with names of suspected war criminals .  the lists are kept secret but the four commissioners are considering the appropriateness of releasing names .  march 17 may be the date , when the united nations human rights council meet .
 campaign-tech scorecard : how the candidates compare online <sec> gop presidential candidates have a varied approach to their online presences .  newt gingrich has the most twitter followers , but some question how he got them .  rick perry 's campaign posted an ad on youtube that became its most dislike .
 feds ' plan to poison banks of rio grande stalled <sec> herbicide was to be sprayed on cane along 1.1-mile stretch of river .  tall , thick carrizo cane provides cover for illegal immigrants , border patrol says .  hispanic communities near laredo , texas , file suit to stop spraying .  residents want consideration of other methods to eliminate can .
 video of giant squid in ocean depths is a big breakthrough , expert says <sec> the 10-foot-long giant squid was caught on tape deep in the pacific ocean .  the creatures had never before been filmed in their natural habitat .  the discovery is significant for science and mythology , a marine expert say .
 black in america : the new promised land - silicon valley - educator and parent guide <sec> `` the new promised land '' follows the progress of eight strangers living together in a unique , technology-focused `` accelerator '' developed to help african-american digital entrepreneurs secure funding to establish their businesses .  parents and educators can use this guide to initiate discussion with students about the documentar .
 cech wants 'racism ' saga sorted <sec> petr cech calls for end to the saga between chelsea and referee mark clattenburg . .  chelsea goalkeeper told cnn : `` i hope that this story will be finished as soon as possible . '' .  cech urges better communication between referees , players and fans . .  cech : `` there should be better communication from the side of the referee towards the public . .
 10 cars that might rekindle your youth <sec> some people say you are what you drive -- so drive something spunky ! .  driving a honda civic hybrid is living green , pure and simple .  toyota 4runner projects youthful vigor , muscularity , agility and strength .  jeep wrangler has been symbol of freedom , agility and capability for decade .
 french tour de france cyclist arrested amid doping claims <sec> new : the cofidis cycling team says the rest of its riders should not be penalized .  remy di gregorio is suspected of doping offenses , the cycling team says .  gregorio has been suspended from the team midway through the tour de france .  the tour de france is the world 's best-known cycle rac .
 llorente spares spain 's blushes against saudi arabia <sec> substitute fernando llorente scores late winner as spain beat saudi arabia 3-2 .  osama hawsawi gave saudi arabia a shock 16th minute lead in innsbruck .  serbia are upset 1-0 by new zealand all whites in another world cup warm-up game .  germany and united states secure impressive wins over hungary and turke .
 damaged front tire caused deadly pickup truck accident , highway patrol says <sec> the rubber on the tire had begun to come apart , a texas state trooper says .  the death toll increased to 15 wednesday , trooper gerald bryant says .  the victims were from guatemala , honduras and mexico , federal agents sa .
 u.k. school group leaves swine flu quarantine in china <sec> british children released from quarantine after six-day lock-in at beijing hotel .  released students part of a group of 111 in china on cultural exchange .  uk foreign office says other children will be free to leave hotel on wednesday .  only twelve of the children were diagnosed with h1n1 , known as swine fl .
 same-sex couples in minnesota , rhode island wed after midnight <sec> minnesota and rhode island become the latest among 13 states to allow same-sex marriage .  couples committed to each other for years wed in minnesota .  minneapolis ' mayor weds 42 couples at the stroke of midnight .  poll : 53 % of americans think same-sex unions should be lega .
 children 's mother dies , father missing on remote australian beach <sec> kathreen ricketson is believed to have drowned off a remote australian beach , police say .  her husband , robert shugg , was last seen floating face-down in the water .  the couple 's children saw desperate efforts to revive their mother , local media report .  they are now with family member .
 georgia judge sentences woman to 36 years for easter crash <sec> five people , 3 of them children , died in the 2009 crash in southwest atlanta .  judge calls it `` the hardest case i have ever dealt with '' .  aimee michael , 24 , is convicted on multiple counts , including homicide .  her mother , sheila got 8 years for her role in hindering her daughter 's arres .
 new york red bulls sign thierry henry <sec> barcelona striker thierry henry has signed for the new york red bulls .  henry is france 's all-time leading goalscorer with 51 goals .  the 32-year-old says he is `` excited '' at joining the red bulls .  henry won two spanish league titles and one champions league at barcelon .
 trying osama 's son-in-law in new york makes sense <sec> peter bergen says role of osama 's son-in-law has been exaggerated .  he says it 's a good thing he will be tried in new york , not sent to guantanamo .  new york courts have a perfect record of convicting al qaeda members since 9/11 , he says .  bergen : hardly anything has been accomplished by guantanamo military panel .
 ronaldo milestone as real madrid reach last 16 in champions league <sec> real madrid reach knockout stage with 2-0 victory away to lyon .  cristiano ronaldo scores 100th goal for spanish club after his double .  bayern munich stay top of group a , while inter milan lead group b .  manchester united join benfica on eight points at the head of group .
 rapper dmx arrested <sec> new : publicist for dmx counters report of dui arrest .  rapper dmx arrested after failing a field sobriety test , south carolina authorities say .  he was also driving without a license , without a seat belt , sc highway patrol say .
 conrad murray found guilty in michael jackson trial <sec> new : murray 's lawyer say the verdict may have been different if other evidence was allowed .  jury finds murray guilty of involuntary manslaughter .  he faces four years in prison on the conviction .  murray 's attorneys said case was not a criminal matte .
 oscar-winning producer richard zanuck of 'driving miss daisy ' dead at 77 <sec> richard d. zanuck dies of a heart attack friday , his reps say .  he and his wife won an oscar for producing `` driving miss daisy '' .  he also won the academy 's irving g. thalberg memorial award , as did his fathe .
 bomb explodes in madrid after eta warning <sec> bomb inside van explodes in northeastern madrid after eta warning .  blast occurs outside hq of company building high-speed basque rail link .  30 vehicles damaged ; attack comes 4 years after blast in same neighborhood .  earlier , court bars new leftist basque parties from competing in regional election .
 anchorage breaks seasonal snowfall record <sec> anchorage has had more than 133 inches of snow for the 2011-2012 season .  this breaks the previous snowfall record for a season , set 57 years ago .  the u.s. overall saw less snow , with the 4th least snow cover recorde .
 new regulations aimed at helping prisoners in federal halfway houses <sec> justice department steps impact more than 200 facilities run by contractors .  rules require transportation for inmates and help for them to reach family , get work .  government says steps taken are reducing federal prison populatio .
 south africans vote in 'pivotal ' elections <sec> south africans vote in election african national congress expected to win .  opposition parties hoping to slash anc 's parliamentary majority .  poverty , rising crime among top issues south africans face .  controversial jacob zuma expected to become presiden .
 'mad men ' premiere ratings shatter records <sec> `` mad men '' delivered 3.5 million viewers for its two-hour premiere .  that 's up 21 percent from 2010′s fourth-season premiere , the show 's previous all-time high .  `` mad men 's '' production was delayed due to a protracted renewal negotiatio .
 gunmen target spy agency in afghanistan ; 6 killed <sec> the taliban claim responsibility for the attack .  most of the 45 people wounded were injured by suicide bombing that preceded attac .
 marathon bombing trial set to begin in boston <sec> trial of accused boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev set to begin march 4 .  opening delayed by jury selection , crippling snowstorms and appeals to move the trial .  on wednesday , the judge and attorneys settled on pool of 70 prospective juror .
 third nato service member killed in alleged `` green on blue '' attack <sec> new : isaf commander says attacks have caused `` an erosion of trust '' .  three nato troops were killed monday by what authorities say were afghan forces .  the killings come after u.s. soldier was charged with shooting rampage this month .  the isaf commander says he ca n't discount revenge as a motiv .
 reuters bureau chief dies in pakistan <sec> maria golovnina died monday after falling unconscious , reuters says .  medical teams were unable to save the bureau chie .
 henry : i nearly quit les bleus <sec> thierry henry claims he nearly quit international football after 'handball ' goal against ireland .  henry came under fire after his blatant handball set up winner for william gallas .  barcelona striker says he felt 'truly alone ' in the aftermath of the match .  henry is france 's leading scorer in internationals with 51 goal .
 why we should look to the arctic <sec> shell is planning to drill 70 miles north of alaska to see whether 27 billion barrels of oil are there .  bob reiss : for america , the stakes are huge in the arctic .  he says opening of the region could cheapen price of gas and products from asia .  reiss : if you want the u.s. to remain strong and dominant in the world , look to the nort .
 obama , george h.w . bush unite to support volunteerism <sec> new : obama speaks at forum hosted by ex-president george h.w . .  bush . .  new : 44th president praises 41st for `` thousand points of light '' ethic .  new : obama : it `` changed lives across this country , '' including michelle obama 's .  obama : `` you 'll be sorely disappointed '' expecting government to solve all problem .
 10 answers by paul field , of the wiggles <sec> paul field , managing director of the wiggles answers poop questionnaire .  `` i could n't live without love and music ! '' .  `` the worst job i ever had : as a trainee manager for woolworths .
 terri lyne carrington on her grammy-nominated album , 'the mosaic project ' <sec> `` the mosaic project '' is terri lyne carrington 's fifth album .  carrington has toured with some of the greatest names in jazz .  carrington says `` the mosaic project '' makes her feel , `` a little bit like a trailblazer .
 ex-mayor pleads innocent to sex charges in wisconsin <sec> new : a former mayor of racine , wisconsin , arraigned tuesday .  new : district attorney : gary becker could face 164 years in prison if convicted .  becker is charged with sex crimes , including possession of child porn .  prosecutors say he used online chat to solicit what he thought was underage gir .
 davis cup : roger federer puts switzerland in semifinals <sec> roger federer gives switzerland a 3-2 victory over kazakhstan in davis cup .  the swiss come from 2-1 down to earn semifinal clash with italy .  italians also rally from a point behind to deny britain a place in last four .  france come from 2-0 down against germany to secure semi against czech republi .
 new reports : twitter 's nicole wong considered for white house position <sec> twitter lawyer nicole wong is being hired as a privacy adviser , news reports say .  wong worked at google for eight years handling censorship issues .  wong will be advising todd park , chief technology officer .  neither the white house nor twitter has responde .
 u.s. is losing afghan war on two fronts <sec> peter bergen : most americans now oppose the war in afghanistan .  he says u.s. , afghan government do n't provide basic security .  hobbes said life in nations without security is `` nasty , brutish and short '' .  bergen : obama has to add troops if he is serious about repelling taliba .
 mark sanford : shamed politician fights for comeback <sec> new : sanford 's fiancee appeared with him during his victory speech .  mark sanford wins a republican primary runoff for a congressional seat .  his political life was thought to have ended in 2009 when he admitted to an affair .  sanford has been pitching himself as a fiscal conservative and pushing for redemptio .
 west hollywood bans sale of fur apparel <sec> west hollywood calls itself the `` humane capital of the united states '' .  other regulations and bans imposed by the city : chicken cages and the declawing of cats .  selling clothing with fur could cost you $ 250 .  vegans rejoice the move while the chamber of commerce is less than thrille .
 a new doctor declares donald sterling mentally fit <sec> cleveland clinic doctor finds donald sterling does not have alzheimer 's or dementia .  neurologist concludes sterling does have mild cognitive impairment .  sterling attorneys are due in court on monday , a week before the trial over his mental capacit .
 u.s. renews travel alert to mexico <sec> the new state department travel alert is in effect until august 20 .  u.s. citizens are urged to delay unnecessary travel to parts of mexico .  violent attacks have occurred in parts of michoacan , durango , coahuila and chihuahu .
 police : intruder stabs man in ny synagogue <sec> witness says most were on guard for an attack , but the victim did n't seem aware .  hate crimes unit is investigating , terrorism has been ruled out , commissioner says .  witness says most were on guard for an attack , but the victim did n't seem aware .  levi rosenblatt , 23 , was stabbed by a man in a brooklyn synagogu .
 taiwan grounds atr 72s amid safety concerns <sec> taiwanese civil aerospace authority ( caa ) has ordered all taiwanese-registered atr 72 's grounded until safety checks can be made .  wednesday 's fatal accident the second fatal transasia incident involving an atr 72 in less than a year .  despite several fatal accidents over its time in service , the `` workhorse '' has good reputation among pilot .
 lindsay lohan lawyer : 'we vehemently deny these allegations ' <sec> the l.a. district attorney is considering a felony theft charge against the actress .  a jeweler reported the `` one-of-a-kind '' necklace missing last month .  the jewelry was given to police just before they were to search lohan 's hom .
 injury blow for spain star torres ; brazil lose defender alex <sec> liverpool 's fernando torres could be out for two weeks with a groin problem .  the striker picked up the injury during liverpool 's 2-1 defeat to blackpool on sunday .  he has been ruled out of spain 's euro 2012 qualifiers against lithuania and scotland .  brazil defender alex will miss the international friendlies against iran and ukrain .
 air india : crew grounded after reported mid-air scuffle <sec> scuffle allegedly took place on flight from united arab emirates to new delhi .  24-year-old flight attendant alleged a molestation attempt , which pilots refute .  air india has struggled with financial and image crise .
 clinton : israeli settlement announcement insulting <sec> israelis announced construction in disputed territory in east jerusalem .  announcement came during vice president joe biden 's visit to israel this week .  it complicated u.s. efforts to to get israelis , palestinians into direct talk .
 mexico 's 43 missing students : who are they ? <sec> former mayor charged with homicide in deaths of college students .  43 college students went missing in mexico in september .  their disappearance sparked nationwide protests and has drawn worldwide attention .  `` our children are not criminals . .  ... .  they wanted to help others , '' one father say .
 will china overtake america in space ? <sec> china successfully achieved its first manned space docking this week .  joan johnson-freese : u.s. should not worry just yet about china overtaking it in space .  she says real danger is if u.s. cedes space exploration to china because it lacks patience .  johnson-freese : it would benefit both u.s. and china to work together on space project .
 chirac found guilty on corruption charges <sec> chirac has always denied wrongdoing while mayor of paris .  the former president was accused of embezzling and misusing funds .  he was mayor from 1977 to 1995 .  nine others were accused of corruptio .
 seattle suburb bans cheese ahead of nfl showdown with green bay <sec> cheese is banned in bainbridge island , washington , before sunday 's nfc championship game .  wisconsin radio station wo n't play songs from seattle artists before the big gam .
 legal eagles ? why lawyers love golf <sec> golf has a reputation for being one of the most litigious sports .  cases range from the seemingly absurd to the serious .  rory mcilroy involved in legal action against former management company .  donald trump suing the scottish government over an offshore wind far .
 motorola 's moto x phone to be made in the u.s . <sec> motorola says it will make the first smartphone manufactured in the united states .  the moto x will be produced at a 500,000-square-foot plant near fort worth , texas .  the phone is scheduled to hit the market by the end of the yea .
 lenin statue toppled in ukraine protest <sec> `` this is the end of soviet occupation , '' nationalist party says .  the communist party says attacking the statue shows `` hate , fear and destruction '' .  crowds chant `` good job '' after statue of soviet hero falls .  kiev suspended talks with the european union last mont .
 following divine footsteps : an ascent of sri lanka 's holy mountain <sec> the 2,243-meter ( 7,359 feet ) adam 's peak lies amid sri lanka 's southern central highlands .  hiking up adam 's peak to see the sacred footprint near the summit at sunrise is a popular pilgrimage .  the journey to get there is an ordeal that requires devotio .
 toni completes roma loan move <sec> bayern munich striker luca toni to move to as roma on six-month loan deal .  both clubs confirm move which is subject to a medical on the 32-year italy star .  toni wants to play regular first team football to improve his chances of making the 2010 world cup finals .  toni fell out with bayern coach louis van gaal and has played just three league games this seaso .
 app alerts israelis of incoming rocket fire <sec> israeli developers create red alert smartphone app .  it notifies users when hamas launches rocket from gaza .  people outside the region use it to follow developments in loved ones ' citie .
 opinion : bradley manning betrayed u.s . <sec> gabriel schoenfeld : manning admitted guilt , unlike supporters who call him innocent .  true , he was held in inhumane conditions , may have helped arab spring , he says .  but he put many in grave danger , and his supporters are interested in blackening u.s . .  it was not his decision to release material , he trampled on a democracy by doing i .
 serbian women complete 'impossible ' fed cup mission <sec> serbia in historic first fed cup final after beating four-time champs russia 3-2 .  women 's team hope to follow male compatriots who won davis cup in 2010 .  former world no . .  1s jelena jankovic and ana ivanovic help deliver victory .  serbs will now face reigning champions czech republic in november fina .
 five things to watch at the olympics on wednesday <sec> two jamaicans , three americans lead field in women 's 200 final .  female boxers square off in first-ever semifinals .  decathlon begins with five events , including 100 meters .  team usa meets australia in men 's basketball quarterfinal .
 kenya mall attackers talked on cell phone , prayed between shootings <sec> closed-circuit television footage obtained by cnn provides chilling new details .  at one point during the attack , the gunmen took turns to pray .  they bowed down in islamic prayer , taking a break from incessant gunfire .  they also chatted on cell phones as they sprayed bullets at shopper .
