 doctor : why we 're making changes to autism diagnosis <sec> diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders ( dsm ) helps decide coverage benefits for developmental disorders .  doctors are updating it but there 's concern that some people will `` lose '' their diagnoses .  expert : there are good reasons to change the dsm as well as good ones to leave it alone .  early data suggests that the lines around autism spectrum disorders wo n't be significantly redrawn , says exper .
 'hunger games , ' 'avengers : age of ultron ' sneak peeks <sec> `` hunger games '' trailer premiered at comic-con .  the cast of the `` avengers '' sequel showed up .  new `` batman v superman '' stirred online buz .
 u.s. airstrikes in pakistan called 'very effective ' <sec> cia director leon panetta makes rare public acknowledgment of raids .  u.s. airstrikes `` only game in town '' to fight al qaeda in pakistan , he says .  he says strikes are very precise and collateral damage is limite .
 syria q & a ; : life in ravaged city of kobani <sec> nick paton walsh spent two days covering the fighting in kobani , syria .  weeks of fighting between kurds and isis have devastated the kurdish city .  paton walsh answered question about his experiences on reddi .
 john kerry 's wife upgraded to fair condition <sec> teresa heinz kerry 's condition upgraded from critical to fair , spokesman said .  new : secretary of state john kerry told reporters his wife is improving .  heinz kerry 's symptoms `` consistent with some sort of seizure , '' source says .  kerrys were in nantucket , massachusetts , where the family has a hom .
 man accused of naked subway attacks pleads not guilty <sec> new : clown troupe says yeiner garizabalo told them he thought he was in a play .  acrobat says he is not guilty on all seven charges .  the incident occurred may 10 at a subway station in san francisco .  video surfaced showing a naked man doing acrobatics , going after commuter .
 family 's loss shows horror of mh17 <sec> meeting the mother of victims 10-year-old miguel and 19-year-old shaka calehr caused cnn journalists to break down .  the journalists saw dead bodies , had guns aimed at them at check points and were present when the dead were transporte .
 3 arrested after philip seymour hoffman death plead not guilty <sec> actor philip seymour hoffman was found dead of an apparent drug overdose .  nyc police launched investigations to determine the source of hoffman 's heroin .  three people were arrested and charged with drug possession .  the three pleaded not guilty tuesday at their arraignmen .
 another alligator seized in los angeles <sec> on monday , authorities found an 8-foot-long alligator at an la home .  another was found in the backyard of a different home thursda .
 rocket kills 2 children after gaza border reopens <sec> new : militants ' rocket hits gaza house , killing palestinian cousins .  new : military says it allowed wounded palestinian into israel despite blockade .  trucks filled with commodities cross into gaza at three locations .  militants have fired 110 rockets since wednesday , israel say .
 top chinese bank targets europe <sec> one of china 's biggest banks is planning to make the country 's biggest foreign bank acquisition .  chairman : china construction bank could spend as much as $ 15b for `` the right choice '' .  wang would not name targets but uk , germany or france banks are attractive .  analysts have predicted that chinese groups could swoop on comparatively cheap western rivals .
 u.s. open : caroline wozniacki thriving after mcilroy split <sec> caroline wozniacki is winning matches as well as fans at the u.s. open .  the former world no . .  1 had the crowd behind her as she upset maria sharapova .  wozniacki is now picking up her game after being dumped by rory mcilroy in may .  dane will play italian 13th seed sara errani in quarterfinals in new yor .
 steinbrenner 's final salute to an old friend <sec> ex-minor league player had a major league friend in george steinbrenner .  alex clowson met steinbrenner in the '50s when clowson owned an ohio tavern .  steinbrenner said clowson `` taught me everything i know about baseball .
 bank of america 's ceo is subpoenaed <sec> new york state attorney general 's office issues the subpoena .  it 's investigating whether bank of america withheld information from investors .  bank purchased merrill lynch , which is accused of secretly doling out huge bonuses .  bank says merrill was `` independent company '' when the bonuses were give .
 sri lanka : tamil leader has been killed <sec> sri lankan government says tamil chief velupillai prabhakaran is dead .  the offensive against the rebel group is in its last stages , the government says .  rebels have fought for an independent state for minority tamils since 198 .
 why menendez-kirk plan would give iran sanctions teeth <sec> david frum : obama talks of commitment to iran sanctions , but they are not strong enough .  he says `` covert war '' over iran 's nuclear program more likely to end in conflict than in standoff .  frum : plan for sanctions on iran central bank would sever iran from global payments system .  frum : obama should support menendez-kirk plan -- best and last chance for regional peac .
 webber 'ignored ' red bull team orders <sec> mark webber has admitted he ignored team orders during sunday 's british grand prix .  the red bull driver was told not to try and overtake his teammate sebastian vettel .  vettel , who is the leader of the championship , finished second with webber thir .
 sevilla shocked by sanchez heart blow <sec> sevilla defender sergio sanchez ruled out for an indefinite period due to a heart problem .  pre-season signing from espanyol told to stop all physical activity and have tests .  shock news comes two years after sevilla midfielder antonio puerta collapsed and later died .  espanyol captain dani jarque died at the age of 26 due to a heart attack in augus .
 india 's idol rituals take toll on environment <sec> hindu ritual of immersing idols in oceans , rivers and lakes is causing contamination .  paints on idols often contain toxic metals , such as lead and mercury .  pollutants contaminate plants , poison fish and irrigation and drinking water .  `` dry immersion '' suggested as a solution -- idol is sprinkled symbolically with wate .
 israeli assault on gaza-bound flotilla leaves at least 9 dead <sec> new : as many as nine americans may have been aboard ship , activist says .  9 dead in flotilla clash between activists , israeli military .  israel insists troops were defending themselves .  netanyahu cuts canadian trip short , cancels obama meetin .
 can serbia become hollywood 's new hotspot ? <sec> serbia is stepping up efforts to build its reputation in international filmmaking .  diverse landscape , varied architecture and experiences crews are advantages .  films shot in the country include `` the november man '' and `` coriolanus .
 argentine ex-general sentenced to life for dictatorship-era killings <sec> luciano benjamin menendez was the head of the third army corps .  he was sentenced to life for the killing of five people .  he was already serving a life sentence for human rights abuse .
 the app that can read your mind <sec> company introduces headband that reads your brain waves and links to your phone .  interaxon was formed in 2007 in toronto .  technology was initially developed by renowned cyberneticist dr. steve man .
 anti-incumbent mood fuels term limit debate <sec> some candidates making term limits a key part of their platforms .  it would require a constitutional amendment to enact limits on federal lawmakers .  opponent says term limits hand power to special interests , long-time staffers .  advocate says high re-election rates are proof congress needs term limit .
 ge : solar business is our 'next wind ' <sec> general electric to change from silicon solar cells to thin-film material .  ge says change has the right production costs and right efficiency target .  thin-film solar cell material offers lowest cost per watt , ge says .  ge is developing technology to recycle the solar cell materia .
 opinion : obama , talk about political reform with xi <sec> president obama and president xi jinping are meeting for informal talks .  cheng li , ryan mcelveen : the two leaders should discuss their domestic issues .  obama is uniquely qualified to focus on the importance of chinese political reform , they say .  li , mcelveen : obama can remind xi to seize the moment and stand on the right side of histor .
 linkedin 's ipo is a watershed moment for social media <sec> linkedin 's stock market debut is the biggest internet ipo since google .  ipo may inspire little-known startups to become publicly traded juggernauts .  linkedin 's example will create a new dynamic for social media companies that ip .
 japan emerges from recession <sec> japan 's economy grows by 3.7 percent on an annualized basis .  first growth in the world 's second largest economy in 15 months .  ends the nation 's worst recession since world war i .
 girls victimized by taliban find safe haven to learn <sec> schoolgirls victims of fighting between pakistani soldiers and taliban in swat valley .  a retreat in islamabad gives 26 girls a safe haven to learn .  a student from stanford university is helping lead the retrea .
 egypt 's coptic pope dies at 88 <sec> new : pope shenouda iii is to be buried tuesday , a spokesman says .  new : president obama and his wife offer their condolences .  shenouda led the coptic christian community for 38 years .  coptic christians , 9 % of the population , have been targeted in attacks in recent year .
 the 10 sexiest movie spies of all time <sec> the most-famous james bond , sean connery , really set the bar high .  harrison ford and daniel craig are just two of the sexiest male spies of all time .  it 's easy to forget that tom cruise was once a total heartthrob back in 199 .
 levar burton : what romney does n't get about pbs <sec> levar burton , mark wolfe : romney has said he would defund pbs . .  time to speak up .  they say pbs helps build literacy , particularly in disadvantaged kids .  they say from bert and ernie to `` reading rainbow '' to nova , pbs provides educational tools .  writers : funding cuts would hurt local stations , jobs ; this shows misplaced prioritie .
 7 super-extravagant u.s. cruises <sec> lindblad expeditions and partner national geographic make alaska cruises smarter .  azamara club cruises ' panama canal trip hits 26 ports .  massive oasis of the seas has 25 restaurants and seven themed `` neighborhoods . .
 police arrest 153 in london protests <sec> some arrested after being asked to leave trafalgar square .  the students are upset at planned hikes in university tuition .  the change is part of a government plan to cut a massive defici .
 lawyer : ruling steps on shoe designer 's toes <sec> judge wo n't stop yves saint laurent from selling shoes with red soles .  designer christian louboutin had asked him to do so .  attorney says color red is associated with louboutin .  but judge said the claim is `` overly broad .
 australian open : victoria azarenka falls to agnieszka radwanska <sec> defending champion victoria azarenka beaten by agnieszka radwanska at the australian open .  world no . .  2 azarenka has taken the title at melbourne park in each of the past two years .  fifth seed radwanska will play slovakia 's dominika cibulkova in the semifinals .  cibulkova beat romania 's simona halep to reach the last fou .
 legendary college basketball coach rick majerus dies at 64 <sec> `` nobody loved basketball and teaching kids more that rick , '' saint louis coach says .  majerus had just one losing season in 25 years .  at utah , he went 323-95 from 1989 to 2004 .  majerus emphasized success in the classroom , not just on the cour .
 tibetan exile movement calls for international intervention after violence <sec> clashes in china reportedly kill several tibetans , rights groups say .  china has accused the groups of trying to `` distort the truth '' about the unrest .  the tibetan government-in-exile calls for intervention by the international community .  the united states says it is `` seriously concerned '' about the reports of violenc .
 families to haiti : do n't give up , keep searching for quake victims <sec> 24-year-old pulled from hotel ruins 11 days after quake offers hope more are alive .  more than 111,000 have died since the january 12 quake , the haitian government says .  families are protesting the switch from search/rescue to rescue/recover .
 mexican police , soldiers killed in multicity attacks by drug gang <sec> new : gang targets police station where arnoldo rueda medina was being held .  attacks were reprisals for capture of member of la familia gang .  series of coordinated attacks in at least eight cities kills 3 federal officers , 2 soldiers .  officials call the coordinated attacks an unprecedented onslaught by drug gang .
 franklin claims record-equaling fifth gold in barcelona <sec> american teenager wins record-equaling fifth gold at swimming world championships .  eighteen-year-old sets championship record in winning 200m backstroke fina .
 self-help author to stand trial in sweat lodge deaths <sec> james arthur ray is charged with three counts of reckless manslaughter .  his attorney says the deaths were accidental .  prosecutors say ray heated the lodge to dangerous temperature .
 white house mum on michelle obama doll <sec> the 6-inch doll is made by new york toymaker jailbreak toys .  jailbreak 's jason feinberg : target audience is adults `` who collected toys as a child '' .  new doll , which will be available november 20 , will retail for $ 12.9 .
 toronto library denies request to pull dr. seuss ' 'hop on pop ' <sec> complaint said `` hop on pop '' encouraged violence against fathers .  the 1963 book uses rhymed words and silly pictures to help children learn to read .  in the book , pop says , `` stop . .  you must not hop on pop . .
 gascoyne commits his future to lotus f1 <sec> mike gascoyne has signed a new five-year contract with lotus f1 team .  the experienced gascoyne will now remain with the english-based outfit until 2015 .  lotus only returned to the formula one grid this year after time away from the spor .
 suspect in sandra bullock burglary attempt identified <sec> joshua james corbett is charged with felony residential burglary .  police found corbett inside the chain-lined fence surrounding bullock 's home , the lapd says .  police have given little information about the suspect .  corbett held a private pilot 's license to fly small aircraft , according to faa record .
 preliminary reports link chinese drywall , corrosion in u.s. homes <sec> air samples from 41 homes containing drywall made in china are analyzed .  `` strong association '' found between high hydrogen sulfide levels , corrosion in the homes .  nearly 2,100 reports detail smell , sickness , failed appliances , corrosion in homes .  drywall in question was imported during u.s. housing boom , from 2005 through 200 .
 is obama serious about war on piracy ? <sec> president barack obama says u.s. is committed to tackling piracy off somalia .  hostage captain of u.s. cargo ship rescued in u.s. navy operation this week .  but experts say tackling piracy on seas means tackling failed state of somalia .  with wars in two countries , is obama willing to risk getting involved in another .
 fbi : abducted philly woman found alive in maryland <sec> new : appears to be a `` stranger abduction , '' police official says .  `` he brought my baby home , '' mother of abducted woman says of detective .  delven barnes has been arrested in connection with abduction .  the 22-year-old woman was forced into a car in philadelphia on sunday nigh .
 westwood still in contention in shanghai <sec> francesco molinari leads the hsbc champions challenge after day two .  lee westwood is one shot behind the italian , who is on nine-under par .  tiger woods is five shots of the lead on four unde .
 vettel fastest in opening practice sessions for united states grand prix <sec> sebastian vettel dominates practice at united states grand prix .  f1 championship leader fastest in both morning and afternoon sessions .  red bull star can clinch third straight world title this weekend .  nearest challenger fernando alonso third fastest for ferrari in second run .
 'all lives are lost , ' says relative of malaysia airlines passenger <sec> `` all three family members are gone . .  i am desperate ! '' .  shouts a chinese grandmother .  malaysia airlines sent a text saying `` we have to assume '' that no one survived .  relatives angry , overcome with grief ; some lash out after being told the news .  group representing chinese , taiwanese passengers criticize malaysian governmen .
 man selling home for $ 135,000 in dogecoins <sec> after failing to get any offers , a man says he 'll take dogecoins for his vacation home .  dogecoin is an alternative digital coin to the popularly traded cryptocurrency bitcoin .  although it started off as a parody to bitcoin , dogecoin is now worth more than $ 65 millio .
 french police raid home of l'oreal heiress <sec> liliane bettencourt is at the center of several ongoing cases .  she is reported to be france 's richest woman .  one case involves alleged secret payments to politician .
 new los angeles superintendent asks for pay cut amid budget woes <sec> position pays an annual salary of $ 330,000 .  deasy is currently serving as deputy superintendent .  he seeks to keep his current salary of $ 275,000 , teachers union leader say .
 mark zuckerberg gives his take on 'the social network ' <sec> facebook founder mark zuckerberg watched `` the social network '' on a company field trip .  `` if 5 million people see a movie , it does n't really matter that much , '' zuckerberg said .  zuckerberg wonders what effect `` the social network '' will have on entrepreneurshi .
 one direction , george strait tops in 2014 tours <sec> strait had the highest country music tour sales .  his final show was attended by over 100,000 fans .  stubhub is expecting big numbers in 201 .
 mexico makes another coaching change ahead of vital world cup playoff <sec> mexico fires manager victor manuel vucetich after only two games in charge .  vucetich won one of his games and led mexico to a playoff against new zealand .  mexico has played in the last five world cups and won men 's gold at london 2012 .  mexico squeaked into the playoffs after rival the u.s. rallied to beat panam .
 gardner leads udall in colorado senate race <sec> a cnn/orc poll finds republican cory gardner is leading democratic sen. mark udall , 50-46 . .  gardner 's lead is built on huge advantages in denver 's suburbs and colorado 's rural areas . .  udall is one of a handful of democratic incumbents that republicans have targeted this year .
 opinion : a background check even the nra could love ? <sec> philip cook , jens ludwig : most americans want gun sales to require background checks .  they say the nra opposes this , but such checks could happen without gun registration .  they says licensed dealers could do checks , allow sale ( or not ) without naming buyer .  writers : it 's one way for states to keep track of guns ; this could bring compromis .
 fighting the desert one tree at a time <sec> rural county of gansu province threatened by desertification .  local resident ma junhe started an eco-forest project to counter encroaching desert .  highlight growing eco-problems in china on eve of games touted as 'green .
 kurt cobain remembered 15 years after his death <sec> kurt cobain died 15 years ago , a suicide at 27 .  cobain , frontman for band nirvana , has been influential in music .  even his hometown has honored him ; cobain had derided it .  attorney for courtney love , cobain 's widow , says many `` looted the estate .
 democrats making hard sell to women <sec> top democrats speak at women 's leadership forum .  polls indicate women are critical of obama 's performance .  there are concerns this could hurt democrats in upcoming midterm contest .
 opinion : will christians condemn persecution of gays ? <sec> pope francis and president obama discussed the importance of empathy .  lz granderson says the pope was right last year when he said : who am i to judge ? .  sadly , he says , many others do n't follow that teaching .  granderson : do n't answer the persecution of gay people with silenc .
