 box office report : 'pain & gain ' leads slow weekend with $ 20 million <sec> `` pain & gain '' did well after unimpressive box office results for action films earlier this year .  tom cruise 's `` oblivion '' came in second .  `` the big wedding '' flopped in its opening weeken .
 emma watson 's facebook chat - international women 's day <sec> british actress emma watson held a facebook chat to mark international women 's day .  the heforshe campaigner calls for men to support women in their bid for equalit .
 official on bin laden raid : 'real intelligence coming out of this ' <sec> initial review of materials taken from compound has found mostly `` aspirational '' planning .  special task force checking for immediate threats to u.s. , leads to other terrorists or plots .  official says intelligence experts hope to gain insights into how al qaeda operate .
 pensioner dies as south africans queue for world cup tickets <sec> a 64-year-old man dies while waiting to buy tickets for the soccer world cup in south africa .  cape town police say the pensioner had been number 555 in the queue .  south africans had waited up to 20 hours as 500,000 tickets were made available .  problems with ticketing machines had caused further delays at some centers , fifa sai .
 cnn student news - october 9 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 michelle obama 's warm touch with queen draws gasps <sec> first lady michelle obama and britain 's queen elizabeth ii briefly embrace .  some papers call it a breach of protocol , others an extraordinary show of affection .  `` the queen made the first move , '' royal observer says , calling it astounding .  `` the queen is not known for being touchy-feely , '' he say .
 emotional rove announces 'next chapter ' <sec> judiciary committee chair says rove acted `` above the law '' .  emotional rove praises president , says decision not an easy one .  rove 's post-white house to-do list : dove hunting , trip to the beach .  rove says he 's not being forced to leave his powerful white house pos .
 milan stun barcelona in champions league <sec> milan win 2-0 in first leg of last 16 tie to stun tournament favorites .  ghanaian duo kevin-prince boateng and sulley muntari fired home in second half .  turks galatasaray held 1-1 at home by schalke despite fielding sneijder and drogb .
 from war to peace : european union accepts nobel prize <sec> european union has helped transform the continent , nobel committee chairman says .  `` what a bold bet it was , '' eu leader marvels of organization 's founding .  the eu will use the prize money to educate and protect children in conflict zones .  three nobel laureates oppose the awar .
 bomb explodes near athens courthouse <sec> new : a bomb goes off at the greek embassy in buenos aires , argentina .  a caller gives advance warning .  police verify information and evacuate the buildin .
 u.s. , iran relations : no overnight miracles <sec> some were overly enthusiastic about meeting between iranian , u.s. presidents , writes eshraghi .  he asks : did obama and chavez shaking hands change u.s.-venezuela relations ? .  do not expect to see an end to `` down with usa '' chants across iran , he writes .  eshraghi : leaders like rouhani want to obtain a better position in the world via interactio .
 excerpt : 'the outpost : an untold story of american valor ' <sec> cnn 's jake tapper tells the story of compound outpost keating in his book .  afghanistan 's compound outpost keating was brutally attacked in 2009 .  the attack pitted 53 u.s. soldiers against 400 taliban fighter .
 happy birthday , pauly d ! this 'jersey shore ' kid is all grown up <sec> pauly d 's been trying to grow up .  the `` jersey shore '' star is now a dj .  he has even cut his hai .
 haunting beauty of photographs ravaged by mold <sec> south korean artist seung-hwan oh creates beautiful portraits by letting mold grow on film .  to get the colorful effect , he covers the film with mold and then stashes it away in a warm , wet place .  oh is inspired by the idea of impermanenc .
 the latest to die on 'walking dead ' is ... <sec> beloved characters have been dying left and right on `` walking dead '' .  sunday 's midseason premiere brought yet another deat .
 suicide bomber targets afghanistan shopping center <sec> new : a civilian and a guard is killed , officials say .  new : another guard is hurt , police say .  the attack takes place at the city center shopping mal .
 arrests , strong rhetoric in albania despite calls for compromise <sec> police arrest 113 people after friday 's violent demonstration in tirana , a spokeswoman says .  albania 's pm has accused the socialist party head of targeting him and fomenting violence .  the opposition blames the government and says the pm 's party rigged the last election .  the u.s. ambassador retirates calls for compromise to resolve the political stalemat .
 android invasion arrives at ces <sec> google does n't have a booth at ces , but its mobile products are practically everywhere .  during carriers ' 4g phone and tablet announcements , only androids were there .  smartphone makers like android because it 's free for them to us .
 cavendish claims second successive win <sec> mark cavendish claims his second successive tour de france stage victory .  the briton crosses the line first at the end of the 227.5km sixth stage to gueugnon .  there is no change in the overall classification with fabian cancellara retaining his lead .  saturday 's seventh stage to station des rousses sees the race hit the medium mountain .
 just back from : a mexico road trip <sec> ireporter marked mexico 's bicentennial with a road trip .  he visited guanajuato , san miguel de allende , dolores hidalgo and zacatecas .  the ruins of la quemada near zacatecas are not to be missed , he sai .
 thousands march in silence against nypd 's 'stop and frisk ' <sec> marchers silently protested new york 's `` stop and frisk '' policy .  the nypd says last year nearly 685,000 were stopped in cases that did n't end in charges .  the police department says 87 % were african-american or latino .  `` the practice should be mended , not ended , '' says the mayo .
 disabled punk band fights for right to party <sec> disabled punk bank heavy load have launched the `` stay up late '' campaign .  the band want disabled concert-goers to be able to enjoy gigs until the end .  disabled people often have to leave gigs early when their carers ' shifts end .  heavy load played last week at a london club night run by disabled peopl .
 texas town weighs risks , benefits of nuclear plant <sec> exelon wants to build a $ 16 billion nuclear plant near victoria .  supporters say it will be a boon to the small town 's economy .  the plant would lie on a `` growth fault '' that opponents say could be unsafe .  exelon says growth faults are not seismic and do not pose a ris .
 u.s. babysitter set for ashes trip after twitter mix up <sec> cricket fans message @ theashes thinking it relates to australia-england series .  ashley kerekes from massachusetts reveals it is a nickname given by her boyfriend .  qantas offer to fly her to australia to watch the ashes after a twitter campaig .
 'misery breeds violence ' in haiti 's seaside slum <sec> worst of the violence is over in haiti , but life remains intolerably hard in slums .  many residents of cité soleil bear the scars of gang-related warfare .  united nations troops have stabilized the situation but poverty fuels unres .
 largest earthquake drill in history 'rattles ' california <sec> drill scenario based on 7.8-magnitude quake along the southern san andreas fault .  quake could kill 1,800 , injure 50,000 , cause $ 200 billion in damage , experts say .  drill is part of great southern california shakeout to prepare for major quake .  `` it 's not a matter of if an earthquake of this size will happen , but when , '' group say .
 why libya has a real shot at democracy and stability <sec> isobel coleman : libya best positioned economically of arab spring nations .  she says the population is well educated , with literacy rate near 90 $ .  libya has billions in the bank and more money in frozen foreign assets .  coleman : new leadership is unclear and transition may be rock .
 twin towers photographer reflects on new trade center <sec> photographer brian rose started taking pictures of the twin towers in the late 1970s .  rose 's photographs appear in his self-published book `` wtc '' .  rose : `` when the twin towers were gone i felt disoriented in the city for a long time .
 classic radio flyer wagon updated for 2.0 world <sec> radio flyer , maker of the classic red toy wagon , is creating a high-tech new product .  the cloud 9 wagon has digital controls , speakers and a dock for an mp3 player .  the wagon is still a prototype , developed after extensive market research .  radio flyer 's founder began building wooden toy wagons in 191 .
 names that flout convention : advice for jessica simpson 's daughter <sec> ireporters share stories of living with names associated with different race , gender .  playground bullies would ask michael howell 's children why their mother had a sex change .  kim manlove says being teased for his name taught him compassion for others .  `` people still have special ideas about what names mean , '' female ryan babarsky say .
 pentagon : troops wo n't lose their war-zone smokes <sec> no ban despite recommendation to do so in pentagon-commissioned study .  spokesman : secretary does not want to take away outlet to relieve stress .  study recommend banning tobacco sales on bases , prohibit smoking in unifor .
 police : body found in river may be missing brown university student <sec> a medical examiner will determine whether a body is that of a missing student .  sunil tripathi was last seen in providence , rhode island , in mid-march .  he was taking a break from brown university when he disappeared .  he was falsely accused on social media of being one of the boston marathon bomber .
 30 dead , dozens rescued after haitians ' boat capsizes <sec> vessel capsizes in bahamas ; 30 reported dead .  u.s. coast guard joins rescue effort and drops food , raft .
 kfc says no evidence girl asked to leave restaurant <sec> kfc says it conducted two investigations into family 's allegations of mistreatment .  neither found evidence the family was asked to leave because of girl 's appearance .  victoria wilcher , 3 , was mauled by pit bulls , authorities said .  the family 's facebook page victoria 's victories has been taken dow .
 q & a ; : dreamliner woes explained <sec> new : u.s. regulators wednesday ordered airlines to stop flying their boeing 787s .  two fleets of boeing 787s have been grounded in japan after one jet made an emergency landing .  the woes come after the debut of the plane in 2011 , nearly three years behind its production schedule .  about 50 aircraft have been delivered ; boeing has more than 800 unfilled orders from airline .
 sex assaults threaten military trust , obama tells naval graduates <sec> obama says military assaults threaten what `` makes our military strong , '' .  assaults have `` no place '' in the military , obama says .  figures show the rate of assaults in the armed forces is increasing .  a number of officers at bases across the country are under investigatio .
 bloomberg 's breast-feeding plan : will locking up formula help new moms ? <sec> new york city is discouraging providing formula to new moms .  the latch on nyc initiative takes effect in september .  restricting formula is n't the way to boost breast-feeding , council say .
 world cup : belgium battles back , south korea denied by russia <sec> belgium defeats algeria 2-1 in group h .  marouane fellaini and dries mertens score for belgium .  russia holds south korea to 1-1 draw .  alexander kerzhakov equalizer secures point for russi .
 europe dominates south america in cup <sec> steve rushin : cup winners for 80 years have come from south america or europe .  this year south america seemed strong , he says ; brazil and argentina powerhouses .  but dutch beat brazil ; germany beat argentina ; spain in final 4 .  tuesday , dutch beat uruguay , the only south american team left standin .
 williams sisters 'the ones to beat ' at wimbledon 2011 <sec> serena and venus williams are the players their female rivals hope to avoid at wimbledon .  american sisters have won the grass-court grand slam nine times between them .  world no . .  1 caroline wozniacki is drawn to potentially meet serena in semifinals .  maria sharapova , the 2004 champion , is in the same half of the women 's dra .
 huge crowds protest hungary 's new constitution <sec> tens of thousands protest at the opera house , calling the prime minister a dictator .  he leaves by a back door to avoid the demonstration .  critics are upset about the new constitution , which they call anti-democratic .  amnesty international and hillary clinton have expressed concern .
 letters reveal private thoughts of young jackie kennedy <sec> jackie complained about american priests being trite .  the letters to be auctioned in ireland show a society girl 's maturation .  she knew her husband-to-be was like her philandering father .  without god , no hope of reuniting with her assassinated husband , she wrot .
 fear fueling republican extremism <sec> op-ed from respected political observers says the core problem with government is gop .  it says gop is extreme , wo n't compromise , is irresponsible , ignores evidence .  david frum : gop 's radicalization is the result of changes in politics and economy .  frum : rich gop voters could lose the most , others fear change in their live .
 copter goes down in oklahoma with at least 3 people on board <sec> the chopper was registered to an air ambulance company .  it was en route from tulsa to mcaleste .
 journalist hacked paul mccartney voice mail , ex testifies <sec> heather mills says a journalist called her , having heard the voice mail .  it was not piers morgan or one of his employees , the inquiry lawyer says .  the leveson inquiry is probing press ethics after a phone-hacking scandal .  rupert murdoch 's news group has settled 59 of 60 phone-hacking lawsuit .
 one answer to secret service scandal ? hire more women <sec> elaine kamarck : allegations of debauchery in secret service have serious implications .  she says terrorists could easily know if that 's the case and exploit agents ' vulnerabilities .  she says changing culture by adding more women could help .  kamarck : presence of women in powerful jobs has pushed back at macho misbehavio .
 secret service scandal raises question of macho culture , women agents <sec> a reported prostitution scandal in colombia shines a spotlight on the agency 's culture .  the secret service would be better served by more women agents , says a blogger .  about a quarter of secret service personnel are female .  women agents have to do everything their male counterparts do , an expert say .
 u.s. government issues another worldwide security caution <sec> the state department urges u.s. citizens across the world to be cautious .  yemen , algeria , kenya and somalia are considered particularly dangerous .  large events or areas where tourists gather could be targeted for extremist attacks .  u.s. citizens abroad are encouraged to enroll in the smart traveler enrollment progra .
 5 american terror suspects appear in pakistan court <sec> men accused of trying to link up with jaish-e-mohammed and jamaat-ud-dawa militant groups .  they wanted to wage jihad , martyr themselves , police official says .  attorney : men vowed `` that they have no connection with any banned organization '' .  two are pakistani-american , two are yemeni-american , one is egyptian-america .
 tainted chinese milk kills second child <sec> government inspectors plan to release test results tuesday ; 2nd death announced .  sanlu is one of china 's leading dairy producers .  melamine found in 700 tons of sanlu 's product , xinhua cites mayor as saying .  ingesting melamine can lead to kidney stones , eye and skin irritatio .
 lady gaga starts foundation to fight bullying , empower youth <sec> lady gaga calls the born this way foundation a `` passion project '' .  she will direct the organization with her mother , cynthia germanotta .  the charity will use `` digital mobilization ... to create positive change , '' a statement says .  several other foundations are also partner .
 miner in china rescued after 17 days underground <sec> a coal mine in northeast china floods may 2 .  a miner is rescued saturday after 17 days underground .  a total of 10 miners died in the flood .  ten more escaped , five were rescued and a search continues for three missin .
 u.s. navy commander 'optimistic ' in search for malaysia airlines 370 <sec> new : transparent communication is 'to our country 's credit , ' australian leader says .  abbott : 'high degree of confidence ' that the detected signals are from the black box .  `` we 're optimistic , '' u.s. navy commander says .  saturday 's search area is 41,393 square kilometers ( 16,000 square miles .
 f1 : sebastian vettel closer to title as tire fears mar korean grand prix <sec> pirelli defends its tires after sergio perez suffers dangerous blowout in korea .  supplier dismisses safety concerns despite criticism from drivers .  sebatian vettel wins fourth successive race to close in on fourth world title .  german can potentially clinch championship in japan next sunda .
 like hong kong , singapore needs democracy <sec> inequality is causing singaporeans to despair over their future , writes chee soon juan .  singaporeans work long hours but are among world 's unhappiest .  government 's control over media has stifled dissent and prevented innovation .  without democracy , singapore is doomed to mediocrity and irrelevanc .
 drivers , cyclists square off on sharing the road <sec> friday marks national bike to work day .  shorter commute , more bike lanes would inspire more commenters to bike to work .  `` we belong on the road . .  ... get over it . .  and stop honking and yelling at us , '' one rider says .  `` cyclists , stay off the roads without bike lanes ! ! .  you slow down traffic , '' driver say .
 winter storm cripples south , heads north to deliver more misery <sec> new : a blizzard warning is issued for coastal massachusetts , including boston .  bad weather may have contributed to three traffic fatalities in the south .  heavy snow is forecast throughout the northeast .  airlines cancel a large number of flights heading out of atlant .
 'harry potter ' returns in a j.k. rowling short story <sec> rowling posted a `` potter '' short story on her fan site .  in it , potter is attending the 2014 quidditch world cup .  the author has continued to whet fans ' appetite .
 foreign medical students traveled to syria , mp says <sec> worried father sends message to daughter : `` please , come back '' .  lawmaker : med students ' family members believe they wanted to work for isis .  `` they have been cheated , brainwashed , '' the turkish lawmaker say .
 chelsea fail with torres bid as luiz deal collapses <sec> liverpool turn down an offer from english champions chelsea for fernando torres .  spanish striker subject to bid of $ 63 million according to british newspaper the daily telegraph .  liverpool spokesman insists torres is not for sale .  new : chelsea 's move for benfica defender david luiz has fallen throug .
 helping teen girls get on the 'write ' path <sec> keren taylor began writegirl , a writing program for at-risk teens in los angeles .  the former sales exec started the nonprofit with severance pay when she was laid off .  participants get one-on-one mentoring to work on writing , speaking skills and schoolwork .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2014 cnn heroe .
 cdc : measles cases at highest level in nearly 20 years <sec> 13 outbreaks and 129 cases have been recorded this year .  california is reporting the highest numbers , with 58 cases .  measles is one of the most contagious infectious disease .
 are more women ok with watching porn ? <sec> porn reviewer : for me , the real problem with most porn is its hokeyness .  hustler video exec : women account for 56 percent of business at company .  critic : porn exploits and discriminates against women , and encourages rap .
 biden lashes out at palin 's 'pro-america ' comment <sec> new : joe biden : `` it does n't matter where you live , we all love this country '' .  john mccain : next president `` wo n't have time to get used to the office '' .  barack obama in virginia blasts mccain 's medicare plan .  cnn poll of polls has obama leading mccain by 6 points , 49 percent to 43 percen .
