 smiling nanny recovering from gadhafi family 's burns <sec> a nanny left disfigured by the gadhafi family has left hospital in malta .  shweyga mullah still faces almost daily hospital appointments .  she was burned with boiling water by colonel gadhafi 's daughter-in-law because she was unable to stop a child crying .  shweyga gave thanks to the people who helped pay for her treatment and get her out of liby .
 police suspect 'barefoot burglar ' is stealing , crashing planes <sec> police believe colton harris-moore may be stealing , crash-landing small planes .  harris-moore , 18 , is well-known to authorities in washington state .  he allegedly has been breaking into buildings since he was 12 .  known as the `` barefoot burglar , '' harris-moore has a facebook fan clu .
 concerns raised about nato capabilities as u.s. pulls back from libya <sec> nato has asked the united states to continue airstrikes through monday .  a nato official says the alliance lacks the planes needed to make precision strikes .  it is possible the u.s. planes could continue to fly missions , the official say .
 jamaica 's bolt is world 's fastest man <sec> jamaica 's usain bolt sets 100m world record of 9.72 seconds in new york .  fellow-jamaican asafa powell held the previous world record of 9.74 seconds .  world champion tyson gay of united states finishes second in 9.85 second .
 senate runoff forcing votes on keystone xl <sec> the house could vote to approve the keystone xl pipeline on friday , followed by the senate next week .  efforts to boost the two candidates in the louisiana senate run-off election have propelled the legislation .  it 's not clear whether president obama would veto a bill that takes the decision out of the state department 's hand .
 u.s. puts new bounty on mexican drug lord caro quintero <sec> rafael caro quintero , a former cartel leader , is accused of killing a dea agent .  a mexican judge overturned his conviction in a surprise ruling in august .  the u.s. state department is offering a $ 5 million reward for information leading to his capture .  dea administrator : caro quintero 's release `` was shocking and disturbing .
 the speech every woman should hear <sec> fiery speech by australia 's leader slams a politician 's newly found support of women .  frida ghitis : male candidates ' promises to women usually forgotten after elections .  suddenly supporting women 's issues is a hypocritical bid for votes , she says .  ghitis : women must take claims with grain of salt and examine candidates ' track record .
 study : spending time with dad good for teen self-esteem <sec> a penn state study finds that kids start spending less time with their parents at 15 .  researchers found that spending time with dad may increase adolescent self-esteem .  time with mom is also important , contributing to overall family healt .
 being black can mean being a suspect <sec> `` black in america '' provokes strong reaction from ireporters .  anthony williams says he knows he `` fits the description '' .  ayana gooden says she wished special focused more on past .  share your thoughts on part 2 on ireport.co .
 slow ride in atlanta , big pain in mogadishu <sec> u.s. economic woes take toll on somali cabdrivers .  many somali families depend on remittances to make ends meet .  more cabdrivers start to lend to each other based on need .  nearly half of somalia 's population in need of humanitarian aid , according to u.n .
 world number one djokovic negotiates first round dangers <sec> world number one djokovic beats germany 's florian mayer in straight sets .  tomas berdych and martin del porto also comfortably through .  bernard tomic makes plea for controversial father john to be allowed wimbledon entr .
 meet aviation 's extreme collectors <sec> cliff muskiet loves stewardess uniforms . .  he 's collected over 1,000 over the years . .  vicky and steve everson bonded over their love of flight . .  the couple married in a retired concorde . .  the eversons grew their collection into a museum space with flight simulator .
 poll : romney , clinton top 2016 field - cnnpolitics.com <sec> mitt romney leads a hypothetical republican presidential field , according to a new poll .  hillary clinton tops the democratic side for the 2016 nomination .  the gop has a sprawling field of up to 16 candidates leading into 201 .
 after walk-out and uproar , georgia students get final editorial say at paper <sec> top editors of the university of georgia 's student paper quit and the staff walked out .  they said the paper 's board hired staff with `` veto power '' over them on news content .  the board now says students have editorial control and makes student-backed changes .  a board vice chair says a `` big misunderstanding '' became `` a feeding frenzy for the media .
 judge approves aaron hernandez jail move <sec> new : aaron hernandez 's lawyers want him closer to their offices as they prepare for trial .  new : a judge approves a transfer to a jail closer to attorneys .  hernandez is charged in three murder cases .  hernandez 's defense wants medical records from new england patriot .
 u.s. doctor returns from liberia , quarantines himself <sec> dr. alan jamison says he volunteered in the liberian capital of monrovia .  he returned to the united states on july 25 .  he plans to be in isolation for 21 days .  two american medical workers have been infected with ebola in west afric .
 salmonella scare prompts grape tomato recall <sec> recall affects 29 types of packaged salads sold at six retail stores .  the six are albertson 's , raley 's , sam 's club , savemart , signature cafe and wal-mart .  the recall applies to products sold in 13 western u.s. state .
 dallas takes big-city fun downtown <sec> dallas has more restaurants per capita than new york city , officials say .  the city 's arts district stretches across 17 continuous square blocks .  businesses are housed in preserved 19th-century buildings in the west en .
 north korea : james franco movie is 'terrorism ' <sec> a new comedy starring james franco is about a plot to assassinate kim jong un .  north korea says the movie hurts `` the dignity of the supreme leadership '' .  distributing the film is `` the most undisguised terrorism and a war action , '' an official says .  comedians have taken shots at the regime in the past , notably in `` team america .
 the 'inside politics ' forecast : mr. president , meet mitch mcconnell <sec> the gop margin in the house could determine congressional control until 2020 .  how obama and mcconnell 's relationship could change if gop takes control .  waiting for hillary clinton 's announcement until march , april or may .
 opinion : vladimir putin 's big blunder <sec> daniel treisman : putin took a big risk when he annexed crimea , backed ukraine separatists .  he says the russian president made himself hostage to brutish action of separatists .  now putin will either have to side with west or reject international consensus .  treisman : putin could make his regime a pariah or could lose support internall .
 norway 's ultimate scenic thrill <sec> rick steves writes european travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows .  his tv series , `` rick steves ' europe , '' airs on pbs stations .  steves ' company , europe through the back door , conducts european tour .
 foie gras causes uproar <sec> fois gras is liver from a force-fed duck or goose and is considered a delicacy .  animal rights groups call pouring grain down tube in fowl 's esophagus is cruel .  veterinarians : bird lacks gag reflex , esophagus is insensitive to pain .  ariane daguin : complaints are ploy by activists to turn everyone into vegetarian .
 is a new arab order emerging ? <sec> kinninmont : dividing region into two 'camps ' is too simple .  egyptian-saudi rivalry will be a 'defining feature ' of future .  iran will rise as foreign policy heavyweight in regio .
 komen foundation reverses funding decision of planned parenthood <sec> donors rush to support planned parenthood .  susan g. komen for the cure foundation reverses decision not to renew funding .  planned parenthood said tuesday that the foundation had `` succumbed to political pressure '' .  in washington , several senate democrats signed a letter calling on komen to reconside .
 yemeni women : president is degrading us <sec> women have been protesting in greater numbers in recent weeks .  they lashed out at president saleh for advising them to stay home .  they said saleh called them un-islamic and attacked their morality .  the government says protesters are `` misusing '' saleh 's comment .
 togo go home from africa cup of nations <sec> new : togo national football team on their way home from africa cup of nations .  togo 's players ordered back by their government despite indicating they wanted to stay .  team bus was shot at by rebel fighters on way to tournament in angola .  assistant coach , communications officer killed in the attac .
 helping patients navigate the health care system <sec> more hospitals are hiring patient navigators to help patients through a confusing system .  most navigators are working in cancer centers , but the idea is spreading to other areas .  dr. harold freeman pioneered the first patient navigation program in 199 .
 palestinian woman hopes to open israeli education doors for others <sec> palestinian sawsan salameh faced many obstacles before attending israeli school .  she hopes she can open doors for other students to study where they want .  she also has become a role model for girls in the west bank to pursue educatio .
 art looted by nazis found in german apartment , media report <sec> reports : 1,500 works of art found in raid by german tax authorities .  paintings by picasso , matisse , chagall , klee believed to have been looted by nazis .  experts call for works to be returned to the families of those they were stolen fro .
 police affidavit : 'i deserved to get shot , ' dougherty sister tells fbi <sec> affidavits detail a high-speed chase shoot-out with the dougherty siblings .  `` we were n't trying to hurt anyone , '' sister tells fbi about an ak-47 shoot-out .  investigator : police never fired upon the vehicle carrying the three doughertys .  bond is set at $ 1.25 million each for her , her brother and half-brothe .
 facebook pushes new profile to all users <sec> starting today all facebook profiles will be upgraded to the new profile .  new profiles have a revamped interface that includes easy access to photos .  profiles also offer more details about work and education informatio .
 new jersey law sidelines student athletes who may have a brain injury <sec> the law requires school coaches to pull players if there are concussion signs .  governor : `` this is about protecting someone 's long-term health '' .  cdc : 3.8 million sports- and recreation-related concussions occur every yea .
 10 pakistani troops killed in gun battle at naval base <sec> new : pentagon spokesman : two p-3c orion aircraft are destroyed .  `` we have daily 9/11 in this country , '' pakistan 's interior minister says .  the pakistani navy says the base `` has been cleared from the terrorists '' .  a taliban confederation says the attack is to avenge the killing of civilians by security force .
 nepal earthquake : death toll climbs above 4,600 <sec> death toll in nepal climbs above 4,600 , officials say , with more than 9,000 injured .  shattered villages near epicenter are hard to reach , says aid worker in the area .  more bad weather is forecast for the region in the coming day .
 rolling stones announce new tour <sec> the rolling stones are heading back out on tour .  the group has been together for more than five decades .  tickets go on sale april .
 thanks to oprah , obama camp claims biggest crowd yet <sec> new : largest crowd yet in the race to '08 , said obama campaign .  new : officials estimate more than 30,000 people attended event in s. carolina .  `` oprah-bama '' hit iowa on saturday ; south carolina , new hampshire on sunda .
 older women and younger men : can it work ? <sec> study : 34 percent of all women over 40 in the survey were dating younger men .  hollywood in particular has defied the ageism stereotype .  madonna and demi moore have both married significantly younger me .
 lawyers demand death sentence for mubarak <sec> new : `` his negligence and actions '' endangered national security , bakr says .  lawyer says he provided evidence to court about sniper presence on rooftops .  attorney says mubarak is `` directly responsible '' for killings .  the former egyptian president denies the charges against hi .
 gop governors : stimulus money may hurt in long run <sec> governors of mississippi , south carolina , louisiana , others raise concerns .  they worry unemployment assistance compensation is too steep to maintain .  republican gov . .  arnold schwarzenegger is for the plan , saying california needs hel .
 mandela back in hospital in 'serious ' condition <sec> `` anxiety shown by people throughout the world is perfectly understandable , '' spokesman says .  mandela is taken to a pretoria hospital early saturday .  he is breathing on his own despite lung infection .  his history of lung problems dates to when he was a political prisone .
 ivanovic rises from the ashes in rome as venus crashes out <sec> former world no . .  1 ana ivanovic reaches the semifinals of the italian open .  serbian , in her best form in almost two years , next plays maria jose martinez sanchez .  hopes of all-williams semifinal end as fourth seed venus loses 6-0 6-1 to jelena jankovic .  seventh seed jankovic will play world no . .  1 serena williams in the other semifinal in rom .
 got insomnia ? here 's how to get your zzzs back <sec> sleep problems affect more than a third of americans in a given year , expert says .  if you drink caffeine at noon , it 's still in your system at 8 or 10 p.m. , studies say .  avoid eating and exercising three hours before bed if you have sleep problems .  long-term sleep problems may exacerbate other chronic medical condition .
 stopgap budgeting cripples government <sec> julian zelizer says congress ' repeated failure to pass a budget is harmful .  he says the constant series of short-term votes and debt-ceiling extensions extracts a cost .  the government never grapples with key decisions about long-term investments , he says .  zelizer : failure to pass a budget makes gop criticisms of government seem justifie .
 how ukraine 's millionaires are funding its war <sec> many of ukraine 's mega rich making massive military contributions .  of ukraine 's 100 richest people , according to forbes , seven have publicly donated to the military .  but prosecutors are also investigating others for financing pro-russian rebel .
 indian police arrest man for allegedly raping 5-year-old girl <sec> doctors say they removed foreign objects from her genitals .  they included candle pieces and a small bottle .  the attack sparked protests new delhi on frida .
 mariah carey on 'the art of letting go ' <sec> mariah carey is releasing a new song on november 11 .  she says `` the art of letting go '' takes her back to her roots .  carey : i relate to this song on every leve .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> this week , the ceo of a leading equity firm talks about investing during a crisis .  mme also looks at the world 's largest ceramics factory in an emirate north of dubai .  rak ceramics has an annual turnover of over â£1bn dollar .
 5-month-old baby killed by airport baggage carousel in spain <sec> it 's not clear how the baby ended up on the baggage carousel .  the mother , an american , also had another young child with her .  authorities believe it was an accident but are investigatin .
 iditarod : a spectator 's guide <sec> plan for next year 's race finish by booking rooms in nome well in advance .  fans can become `` iditariders '' by bidding on sled rides during the ceremonial start .  flightseeing in bush planes is another way to see the race in progres .
 another pair of imams say they were barred from a flight and may sue <sec> a u.s.-born muslim cleric and his son are exploring the possibility of legal action .  they say they were prevented from traveling aboard an american airlines flight .  they were heading to an annual conference on islamophobia .  they are the second pair of imams to be barred from flying that da .
 more than 100 trapped after landslide buries homes in colombia <sec> search crews have uncovered 23 dead bodies and seven injured survivors .  red cross rescuers are still hoping to find survivors in the rubble .  officials are evacuating others in the area , which is considered unstable geologically .  colombia 's president says rains have caused devastating floods throughout the countr .
 brazil appoints dunga after world cup horror show <sec> dunga is appointed the new national coach of brazil .  former player lifted the world cup with brazil in 1994 .  dunga replaces luiz felipe scolari who resigned after world cup .  he had a previous spell in charge between 2006 and 201 .
 secretariat 's '73 preakness time is a record , racing commission rules <sec> officials rule that 1973 winner is preakness record-holder .  the official time of 1:54 2/5 was disputed by independent timers .  using video evidence commission revises time to 1:53 flat .  triple crown winner now owns the official record time in all three race .
 prosecution to rest wednesday in casey anthony trial <sec> new : the defense will begin its case thursday .  cindy anthony breaks into tears at several points .  casey anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter , caylee , in 200 .
 venus through as ivanovic quits in tears <sec> title holder venus williams moves closer to a wimbledon title hat-trick .  fourth-round rival ana ivanovic in tears after quitting match through injury .  american williams faces poland 's agnieszka radwanska in last eigh .
 aruba continues investigation into woman 's disappearance <sec> authorities have rental car , electronic devices .  robyn gardner , 35 , was last seen a week ago near baby beach , authorities say .  the suspect is a 50-year-old u.s. citizen and gardner 's traveling companion .  a man who says he was dating gardner alerted the natalee holloway resource cente .
 mexico mayor , state official killed in plane crash , government says <sec> explosion occurred aboard plane before crash , government-run news agency reports .  piedras negras mayor and coahuila secretary of public works and transportation were killed .  the pilot , who was unidentified , also was presumed dead .  crash is still under investigation , official said wednesda .
 holiday snowstorm hits much of central u.s . <sec> new : interstate-94 closed from iowa border to canadian border because of storm .  five oklahomans killed during storm that dumped 14 inches , cnn affiliate kwtv reports .  blizzard warnings issued friday for several counties in minnesota .  national weather service says duluth , minnesota , may get 2 feet of sno .
 r & b ; star russell neal faces charges in wife 's death <sec> '90s r & b singer russell neal turned himself in , police say .  he said his wife was dead , and that they 'd been in a fight , police say .  neal is in police custody awaiting arraignmen .
 high court ruling means execution unlikely in 1981 cop-killing <sec> mumia abu-jamal was convicted of 1982 slaying , sentenced to death .  defense says instructions to the jury were confusing , promoted death sentence .  supreme court ruling means a new sentencing hearing for abu-jamal .  unless da seeks a new death sentence from a new jury , he 'll serve life without parol .
 gunfire heard at two mumbai hotels <sec> new : gunshots heard at two mumbai hotels where hostages are being held .  gunmen strike at series of targets popular with tourists and business people .  85 dead , 200 wounded , police spokesman says .  police say it is unclear who carried out attack .
 congresswoman : u.s. ties with xe , formerly blackwater , must end <sec> state department says it will continue blackwater air-support contract .  `` i urge you not to enter into further contracts with xe , '' congresswoman 's letter says .  xe spokeswoman stacy deluke says firm `` totally open '' to afghanistan biddin .
 experts doubt north korea was behind the big sony hack <sec> `` unequivocally , they are not responsible , '' a cybersecurity expert says about north korea .  malware in the sony hack may have originated in north korea but leaked a long time ago .  hackers have often taken shots at sony .  in 2011 , hackers stole the data of an estimated 77 million peopl .
