 commentary : what 's a 'qualified woman or minority ' ? <sec> roland martin : why is n't the word `` qualified '' used often for white men ? .  he says `` qualified '' is often applied to idea of hiring women , minorities .  he says every job should be filled with someone who has talent to succee .
 connelly : what it means to be a hero <sec> author michael connelly recently met troops on uso 's operation thriller iii tour .  at first , he says he was disappointed he was not with troops on front line .  connelly says he soon learned a lesson in `` what it is to be a hero '' .  sacrifice , pride , professionalism are true ingredients of character , he say .
 is 220 km sahara run the world 's toughest race ? <sec> the 28th edition of the marathon des sables began sunday .  1,024 runners will cover more than 220 kilometers in six stages .  the epic race is billed as the toughest footrace on earth .  it has to be entered several years in advanc .
 giant panda gets artificially inseminated <sec> the smithsonian national zoo is trying to get its female giant panda pregnant .  mei xiang was artificially inseminated after her male partner did n't impregnate her .  the panda pair have one living offspring ; their other baby died last year soon after birt .
 electric zoo music festival canceled after 2 deaths blamed on drugs <sec> new : police identify the two victims .  new : promoters offer refunds to people who bought sunday tickets .  deaths of two electric zoo concert-goers believed to be linked to mdma , police say .  electric zoo promoters agreed to city 's recommendation that the festival be cancele .
 gustav , near landfall , could park over northeast texas <sec> new : eye of gustav made landfall near cocodrie , louisiana , about 9:30 a.m. ct .  gustav stalling over northeast texas would `` exacerbate '' inland flooding , warns nhc .  hurricane gustav 's 110 mph winds downgrade it to a category 2 stor .
 crop circle : no , it was n't aliens , it was marketers <sec> the crop circle is a publicity stunt .  it 's being used to call attention to a new mobile processor .  computer graphics company nvidia developed the chip .  the pr company made anonymous tips to local tv station .
 the disease that 's ravaging latin america <sec> chagas is a deadly disease that largely affects people in latin america .  an estimated 16 to 18 million people are infected with chagas .  the disease remains largely unknown , even where infection is rife .  there have been no new drugs discovered in 40 year .
 jeff garlin talks about his new podcast , the future of 'curb your enthusiasm ' <sec> jeff garlin is an actor , writer , director , comedian , and larry david 's manager on `` curb '' .  beginning this thursday , he 'll add `` podcaster '' to his resumé .  the show features garlin yakking it up with a series of notable acquaintances and larry davi .
 scientists seek to help 'locked-in ' man speak <sec> scientists working to convert `` locked-in '' man 's brain signals to speech .  electrode captures brain signal , converts it language voice synthesizer can read .  erik ramsey is able to think , reason , but completely paralyzed except for eyes .  only way he can indicate what he wants is to move eyes up for `` yes , '' down for `` no .
 parents keep watch on newborns with hospital webcams <sec> california 's st. jude medical center is one of the first hospitals to use webcam system .  nicview gives parents a virtual window to newborns in neonatal intensive care unit .  family feels connected to their infant , which is important for bonding , doctor says .  cameras run hospitals about $ 1,000 each in addition to an annual service fe .
 centuries-old canaletto inspires london 's modern royal knees-up <sec> seven-mile-long flotilla of 1,000 boats traveled along thames to mark queen 's jubilee .  event followed the pattern of `` theatrical '' pageants of past centuries .  canaletto painting provided inspiration for the celebration along `` britain 's royal river .
 is israel-bashing anti-semitic ? <sec> david frum says israel is facing a delegitimization campaign .  he says some critics engage in wild charges without any foundation .  frum says he defended andrew sullivan against charges of anti-semitism .  but he says in other cases , hatred of israel and of jews go hand-in-han .
 a 10-pound milestone in a 2009 journey <sec> giyen kim , 34 , has lost 10 pounds since january 1 .  reaching this milestone makes losing more weight look easier , she said .  dietitian : often , speed of weight loss slows down over time .  share your journey to change with ireport.co .
 commentary : a fitful night 's sleep on a cot in the capitol <sec> jason chaffetz : i decided to sleep in my house office to save money .  he says his freshman year is starting off well as he bonds with colleagues .  chaffetz : we need to reduce spending , so i voted against stimulus bill .  he says worst part of the job is being separated from his family in uta .
 court throws out care application for chalk teen <sec> girl , 14 , will not be taken into care after she was arrested for drawing on wall with chalk .  teen drew chalk flowers on wall at former hong kong protest sit .
 koskinen : irs troubles 'suspicious , ' but no crime uncovered <sec> irs chief john koskinen is interviewed by cnn 's wolf blitzer .  koskinen apologizes to anyone targeted by irs .  no need for a special prosecutor , he says .  gop sen. cruz says attorney general holder should be impeache .
 from farm field to cotton mill : the making of america 's denim <sec> cotton mill in northwest georgia is america 's no . .  1 producer of denim .  mill has been operating since 1845 .  most u.s. cotton mills shut in last decade , unable to compete with china .  `` this mill here it feeds my family , '' says christopher wolfe , 3 .
 fbi joins hunt for killer who leaves taunting notes <sec> fbi task force considers girl 's slaying `` highly solvable '' .  april tinsley , 8 , was abducted in 1988 while walking home from a friend 's house .  writer claimed responsibility for slaying in barn-door message in 1990 .  four more notes , believed to have been written by the killer , surfaced in 200 .
 lug it or leave it : baggage drop goes diy <sec> iberia is first european airline to allow passengers to print own luggage tags .  process could be seen as time-saving for customers and cost-saving for airlines .  british airways and u.s. airlines also experimenting with self tagged bag .
 tahiti make history despite thumping defeat to nigeria in confed cup <sec> nigeria beat tahiti 6-1 in group b opener at confederations cup .  nnamdi oduamadi scores a hat-rick in belo horizonte .  138th-ranked tahiti reply through jonathan tehau .  south pacific minnows next play world champions spain in maracan .
 who 's going to win at the oscars ? <sec> cnn.com 's tom charity predicts `` slumdog millionaire '' is going all the way .  charity believes mickey rourke will edge past sean penn for best actor .  heath ledger not winning ? .  `` unthinkable , '' says charit .
 apple expels 1,000 apps after store scam <sec> apple kicks software developer molinker and its 1,000 apps out of its app store .  chinese developer was accused of trading free apps for good reviews .  writer : move shows apple 's willingness to clean house to maintain integrity of its store .  customers are likely able to keep molinker apps until next operating system updat .
 money and politics high court 's first big case this term <sec> alabama man active in gop politics at center of tricky fight .  at issue is whether strict limits on individual campaign contributions violate the first amendment .  a ruling by spring could have an immediate impact on the congressional midterm elections .  `` citizens united '' decision dealt with contributions from businesse .
 neil armstrong 's 'small step for man ' might be a misquote , study says <sec> armstrong was heard around the world calling the first moon walk a `` small step for man '' .  he contended he had said `` a man '' .  numerous studies have been carried out .  a new study of speech patterns near his hometown found he may have said `` for a .
 pivit : walker up in wisconsin <sec> pivit players and experts put scott walker 's chances in the wisconsin governor 's race at 83 % .  florida gov . .  rick scott is in the game 's tightest race , with his re-election chances at 51 % .  the game puts republicans ' chances of winning the senate at 86 .
 shintaro tsuji , ceo , sanrio <sec> shintaro tsuji , ceo of sanrio speaks to andrew stevens in the boardroom .  sanrio 's most famous character is hello kitty , a moon-faced cat .  hello kitty is responsible for more than half of sanrio 's billion dollar turnove .
 hamilton predicts 'best british gp ever ' <sec> lewis hamilton has predicted the 2011 british grand prix could be the best-ever .  the mclaren driver 's future has been the subject of press speculation .  team principal martin whitmarsh is confident hamilton will remain with the marqu .
 police believe couple abducted their children from grandmother <sec> the children had been taken from joshua and sharyn hakken last year , investigators say .  `` somehow they found out where the kids were '' and took them , a sheriff 's detective says .  the grandmother was left in the house tied u .
 inaugural gown is the main attraction <sec> speculation is swirling over what the first lady will wear to the inaugural ball .  michelle obama : a gown choice `` tells us something much more about each single first lady '' .  gowns of the 11 most recent first ladies are on display at the smithsonia .
 india calls off pakistan talks over separatist meetings <sec> india and pakistan had scheduled talks for next week in islamabad .  pakistani official invited kashmiri separatist leaders for consultations .  new delhi criticizes `` continued efforts to interfere in india 's internal affairs '' .  separatists say they will meet with pakistani high commissioner anywa .
 kidnapped american woman found on philippine island , police say <sec> gerfa yeatts lunsmann was released on basilan island .  authorities are declining to confirm whether a ransom was paid for the woman 's release .  lunsmann was abducted in july along with her son and her nephew .  lunsmann and her son , kevin , are u.s. passport holder .
 humane society alleges mistreatment at primate center <sec> society says undercover investigation found animal psychosis , self-mutilation .  center denies allegations , says it properly housed and cared for the animals .  agriculture secretary says he 'll order investigation of facility 's animal welfare practices .  new iberia research center in louisiana houses more than 6,500 primate .
 opinion : syria rebel group 's dangerous tie to al qaeda <sec> peter bergen : the announcement of links between syrian insurgents , al qaeda is worrying .  he says it gives al qaeda an opportunity to demonstrate that it is still relevant .  the insurgent group , al-nusra , is the most effective of the rebel groups in syria , he says .  bergen : the obama administration has been right to move deliberately on aid to rebel .
 mat kearney on sounding big , 'grey 's ' nod <sec> mat kearney enjoys growing success ; new album is `` city of black & white '' .  kearney has earned airplay on tv , including `` grey 's anatomy '' .  kearney likes juxtaposition of personal lyrics , big musical soun .
 how north korean defector 's story unraveled <sec> shin dong-hyuk made a `` sanitized '' version of his life story after escaping .  he decided to consistently tell this version until north korea released video featuring his father in 2014 .  a new foreword will be added to book `` escape from camp 14 .
 britney spears ' 'britney jean ' : what the critics are saying <sec> britney spears ' eighth studio album was released on december 3 .  the record , `` britney jean , '' is intended to be more intimate .  yet some critics have found the disc to be impenetrabl .
 official defends obama ahead of revelations in woodward book <sec> the book reveals the cia is running a 3,000-man afghan paramilitary force .  journalist bob woodward reveals deep rifts on afghanistan strategy .  a frustrated obama sought an exit plan , the book says .  official defends obama as analytical and decisiv .
 prosthetic leg found , believed to belong to missing n.c. girl <sec> new : fbi and police searched late into the night inside zahra baker 's home .  investigators earlier used a backhoe and rakes to outside the missing girl 's home .  police say a prosthetic leg they believe belonged to the 10-year-old girl has been found .  both the father and stepmother have been arrested , mostly on unrelated charge .
 ex-nfl player irving fryar , his mother indicted in mortgage scam <sec> ex-football player and his mother took out five home loans , indictment says .  irving fryar and allene mcghee secured loans over six days in 2009 , papers say .  the pair got $ 690,000 from the loans , the new jersey attorney general 's office says .  fryar played for four teams from 1984 to 2000 ; he 's now a high school football coac .
 'breaking bad ' : walter white laid to rest with mock funeral <sec> fans mourned the death of `` breaking bad 's '' walter white on saturday .  the fictional character was laid to rest in albuquerque .  some have opposed the fake grave site and have signed an online petitio .
 ann coulter 's backward use of the 'r-word ' <sec> conservative pundit ann coulter draws criticism for calling president obama `` retard '' on twitter .  it 's not the first time she 's used the word in this election season , special needs blogger says .  she must know `` the r-word '' is offensive and does n't care , ellen seidman say .
 would loretta lynch echo holder 's causes ? ( opinion ) <sec> jeffrey toobin , who worked with loretta lynch , says she thrived in chaotic u.s. court in brooklyn .  she showed strength there more as administrator than courtroom performer , toobin says .  he asks if she will keep eric holder 's voting rights ' emphasis if tapped as attorney general .  toobin : and will she continue holder 's efforts on reducing drug penalties .
 the masters : ryan moore wins augusta par 3 contest <sec> ryan moore wins par 3 contest at augusta .  moore shot a six-under 21 to win wednesday .  nobody who has won competition has gone on to win at augusta .  masters hopefuls enjoy time with families ahead of opening da .
 jury applauds witness in michael jackson death trial <sec> the jury will watch a video deposition of michael jackson 's youngest brother friday .  kenny ortega testified michael jackson seemed sleep-deprived a week before his death .  lawyers use ortega 's testimony to debate who 's responsible for jackson 's death .  jackson 's ex-wife debbie rowe is expected in court next wee .
 a new beginning for iraq ? <sec> iraq is a shattered society , yet there is a memory of collective statehood , says william r. polk .  polk : most iraqis will be happy to see us leave , but they have also learned to fear one another .  kurdistan regional government should favor a strong american influence in its area , he says .  the sunni arabs have been the big losers in this long and dreadful conflict , polk say .
 nfl : be respectful to women reporters <sec> the nfl is reminding players and other league employees that women journalists should be treated with respect .  the reminder comes in the wake of allegations that sports reporter ines sainz was harassed .  the nfl is also warning players that women reporters must be granted the same access as men .  sainz received an apology from the jets owner after an incident last saturda .
 haas takes victory in bob hope classic <sec> american bill haas claimed a one-shot victory in the bob hope classic on the final hole to join his father as a winner of the tournament . .  tim clark , matt kuchar and bubba watson all finished tied for second place on 29 under . .  haas completed victory with a birdie four at the last hole after he struck a brave tee shot to match his father 's win in 1988 .
 a coffin fit for a king : farewell to richard iii <sec> richard iii 's remains were found beneath a car park in leicester in 2012 .  long-lost king 's skeleton is to be reinterred in the city 's cathedral later this week .  bones will be buried in a coffin made by richard iii 's descendant , michael ibse .
 review : depp is great in 'public enemies ' <sec> `` public enemies '' is a solid gangster flick that 's not quite great , says tom charity .  film stars johnny depp as bank robber john dillinger .  depp is terrific , christian bale as fbi man is more colorles .
 opinion : loving and hating the super bowl <sec> gene seymour : super bowl points up how nfl 's money machine mars joy of game .  he says that and coverup of players ' long-term injury make him ambivalent about football .  some question whether it 's moral to support nfl , especially its overbearing corporate culture .  seymour : can we not simply enjoy football ? .  big business has overpowered the gam .
 south korea 's foreign minister wants pirates tried in his country <sec> kim sung-hwan says possibility being considered of bringing pirates to south korea .  south koreans rescued 21 sailors , killed eight pirates and captured five pirates last week .  the samho jewelry vessel was hijacked in the indian ocean .  a ship captain shot in the stomach is recovering , kim say .
 churches destroyed after blasphemy sentence handed down <sec> protesters wanted the christian man to get a stiffer sentence for blasphemy against islam .  security remains high at the scene , police say .  it was the second violent incident in three days against minority religious group .
 washington could still screw up your holidays <sec> congress has made a habit of working until the last minute to meet fiscal deadlines .  this year , congressional negotiators are working on a budget for 2014 .  if congress fails to act , the price of milk could spike .  doctors face cuts to reimbursements for seeing medicare patient .
 plenty of z 's but polish literature is far from dull <sec> get over the tricky spelling and polish literature has plenty to offer , says editor and author michael kandel .  polish science fiction writer stanislaw lem inspired many , with his 'solaris ' twice made into a film .  wisława szymborska was awarded the nobel prize in literature in 1996 .  irony , dark humor and faith are all common themes in polish literatur .
 gingrich jokes about tracking immigrants using mail services <sec> gingrich suggests package delivery companies track undocumented immigrants .  turns out fedex worked with ice in a sting operation .  guatemalans in sting operation are suing fedex and ic .
 last boston bombing victim goes home <sec> new : `` it 's definitely seemed like a lot longer than 100 days , '' marc fucarile says .  fucarile is the last boston marathon victim to leave the hospital .  he lost a leg and had shrapnel lodged in his body .  the attack killed three people ; fucarile was one of more than 260 people injure .
 manchester united teams up with first two chinese sponsors <sec> man utd announces major sponsorship deals with two popular chinese companies .  wahaha beverage maker to be man utd 's first official drinks partner in china .  china construction bank to be club 's first team-up with chinese financial firm .  value of sponsorship deals not reveale .
 selfies at the hajj : is nothing sacred ? <sec> the hajj , one of the five pillars of islam , is the annual pilgrimage to mecca in saudi arabia .  islam requires every muslim who is physically and financially able to make the journey once .  hajj 2014 has been dubbed `` the year of the selfie '' and has drawn criticism from cleric .
 sensitive documents found in macy 's thanksgiving day parade confetti <sec> shredded paper with a social security number caught a parade-watcher 's eye .  the shredded documents are from the nassau county police department .  macy 's says it uses only `` commercially manufactured multi-colored confetti '' .  some people bring their own , the company say .
 5 things to know for the super bowl <sec> seattle seahawks seek to become first repeat champs in a decade .  new england patriots ' tom brady , bill belichick look to make more history together .  singer katy perry provides the halftime entertainmen .
 hockey : u.s. tops russia in ot thriller <sec> team usa beats russia in a thrilling game , winning 3-2 in a shootout .  t.j. oshie was the hero for the americans , scoring on four shootout attempts .  `` my hands are a little tingling , my feet are tingling , '' he says afterward .  the early round loss does not knock russia from contention for gol .
 bolt claims third gold in jamaican relay win <sec> usain bolt completes his hat-trick of gold medals at the world championships .  bolt helps olympic champions jamaica to victory in men 's 4x100m relay final .  it was jamaica 's seventh gold after the women also claimed sprint relay victor .
 commentary : wall street got the better bailout <sec> frank micciche : auto companies are planning job cuts and plant closings .  he says they were required to give detailed plans in return for bailout money .  micciche : wall street firms getting much more money from federal government .  he says the bankers have n't been required to provide their restructuring pla .
