 winner of $ 337 million lottery jackpot bought ticket in michigan <sec> the jackpot is the seventh-largest ever in america .  powerball is held in 42 states , the u.s. virgin islands and the district of columbia .  the game 's largest prize to date was $ 365 million .  eight tickets worth $ 1 million each were also sol .
 leaders mark 70th anniversary of world war ii <sec> about 20 world leaders gathered in poland to mark the start of world war ii .  attack set off chain of events that embroiled all of the world 's major powers .  german chancellor angela merkel , russian pm vladimir putin at event .  merkel says her country unleashed `` endless suffering '' by starting wa .
 lionel messi , after ronaldo hat-trick , scores three against ajax <sec> lionel messi moves closer to matching raul 's record in the champions league .  messi , a day after cristiano ronaldo 's hat-trick , scores three goals as barcelona beat ajax .  chelsea suffers a shock 2-1 defeat at home to basel after taking the lead .  last season 's finalist , borussia dortmund , loses 2-1 at rafael benitez 's napol .
 bbc refuses to broadcast charity appeal for gaza aid <sec> new : protesters occupy part of bbc building in scotland , group says .  u.k. charity group disasters emergency committee to launch appeal for gaza aid .  bbc refuses to broadcast ad , says would compromise appearance of impartiality .  bbc , funded by obligatory license fee , is required by charter to be impartia .
 7 travel gifts to inspire exploration <sec> madecasse 's madagascar chocolate is just the first taste of the country 's beauty .  tumi 's dror line provides style and versatility .  sporting chanel 's earmuffs , explore one a u.s. national fores .
 reports : iran attack targeted prof who did nuclear or missile work <sec> new : eu recently imposed sanctions on one of two academics attacked in iran .  the wounded professor was cited in a un resolution as a nuclear scientist .  a nuclear scientist was killed in iran in january .  professors targeted monday were members of volunteer paramilitar .
 rockin ' in seattle : seahawks fans move the needle on seismometers <sec> stomping and yelling of fans register on devices .  seismometers respond to vibrations , scientist says .  seahawks beat saints 23-1 .
 pope francis reassigns conservative american cardinal <sec> the vatican announced a new assignment for american cardinal raymond burke .  burke had a post on the vatican 's supreme court .  now he is in a position with little responsibility .  burke has been outspoken about the direction the church is headin .
 you should drink a beer today <sec> september 28 is national drink beer day .  consider a craft brew -- made in smaller batches by an independent producer .  whole overall beer sales were stale , craft beer sales grew 17.2 % last yea .
 honda recalls 268,000 cr-vs over possible fire hazard <sec> the affected cr-vs are from model years 2002 to 2006 .  owners are advised to park outside as a fire could start while the car is not running .  four switch fires -- but no crashes or injuries -- have been reported , honda say .
 uk police arrest 5th suspect in alleged terror plot <sec> police said islamic terrorism was `` the clear reason '' for alleged plot .  two weeks ago , 10 others were arrested on suspicion of terror offenses .  authorities not saying where or when attacks might have happene .
 benazir bhutto 's son steps into pakistan 's political spotlight <sec> new : kill a bhutto and another will emerge , the young bhutto-zardari said .  new : pakistani president asif zardari says his son 's training has begun .  benazir bhutto was killed five years ago in a gun-suicide bomb attack .  thousands gathered near the home to mark the fifth anniversary of her deat .
 djokovic dumped out in miami ; clijsters and henin progress <sec> world no . .  2 novak djokovic loses opening match at sony ericsson open in miami .  serbian upset by belgium 's olivier rochus , but rafael nadal and andy roddick go through .  former no . .  1s kim clijsters and justine henin cruise through in the women 's tournament .  second seed caroline wozniacki comes from behind to seal third-round plac .
 ex-mayoral aide pleads guilty in detroit scandal <sec> christine beatty pleads guilty to two counts of obstruction of justice .  chief of staff for former detroit , michigan , mayor will serve four months in jail .  she gets probation , $ 100,000 fine ; perjury , misconduct charges to be dropped .  charges stemmed from text-messaging sex scandal involving mayo .
 clinton : u.s. would negotiate with taliban leader <sec> a u.s. general notes concerns about haqqani attacks launched near pakistani outposts .  the taliban would have to meet `` red-lines '' on `` the necessary outcomes of any negotiation '' .  otherwise , `` they will face continued and unrelenting assault , '' clinton says .  she cites pakistan 's cooperation in successes against al qaed .
 children forced into cell-like school seclusion rooms <sec> mentally disabled , autistic kids injured , traumatized in school seclusion rooms .  13-year-old georgia boy hanged himself in room with cord teacher gave him .  autistic iowa girl confined in school storage closet where she pulled out her hai .
 fire kills 20 at disco in indonesia <sec> blaze hits karaoke bar and discotheque in medan , in north sumatra province .  medan hospital official says at least two people survived .  fire official : fire started around 10 p.m. , was extinguished within half-hour ; cause is n't know .
 on eve of 9/11 anniversary , a nation reflects <sec> new : retired firefighter recalls bush visit to ground zero .  service remembers 343 fallen nyc firefighters .  empty sky memorial is dedicated in new jersey .  president obama , first lady visit arlington national cemeter .
 after 8 months , saudi professor released from prison <sec> saudi professor matrook al-faleh imprisoned for eight months without charge .  he was released from a prison near riyadh late saturday , fellow activist says .  rights group : al-faleh 's detention came after he criticized prison condition .
 protesters march against proposed u.s.-iraq pact <sec> proposed deal would extend u.s. troop presence in iraq after end of the year .  thousands of protesters urged iraqi government to reject the proposal .  u.n. mandate authorizing u.s. troops in iraq expires december 3 .
 u.s. military blocks websites to help japan recovery efforts <sec> youtube , espn , ebay among popular websites blocked on military computers .  effort is intended to free up bandwidth for use in helping japan .  blockage is temporary and subject to change , strategic command say .
 arrest of interpol official sparks security breach concerns <sec> new : interpol sending team to mexico to check if sensitive info compromised .  ricardo gutierrez vargas detained under mexico 's `` operation cleanup '' .  gutierrez vargas is head of interpol operation in mexico .  previous `` cleanup '' arrests have involved charges of selling info to drug cartel .
 why the syrian quagmire threatens turkey <sec> hakura says blasts in reyhanli illustrate that turkey is not immune to violence next door .  turkey is hosting more than 400,000 largely sunni syrian refugees at a cost of $ 1.5 billion .  the reyhanli incident will probably not be a game-changing development , hakura write .
 young vegetarians : getting the nutrition they need <sec> parents worry whether vegetarian or vegan children will receive adequate nutrition .  such diets may provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases .  number of vegetarians in the united states is expected to increase over the next decad .
 storms complicate thanksgiving travel <sec> thanksgiving travelers face two major storms -- in the northeast and the pacific northwest .  aaa : 42.5 million americans will travel at least 50 miles during the thanksgiving weekend .  orbitz.com : los angeles , chicago 's o'hare and orlando airports will be the busiest .  all eyes are on the weather , which can turn a simple trip into a nightmar .
 burkina faso given pitroipa boost for sunday 's afcon final <sec> burkina faso will have jonathan pitroipa available for sunday 's final against nigeria .  pitroipa has had his red card from the semifinal rescinded following referee 's report .  caf announced that referee had sent letter saying he got it wrong .  tunisian official jdidi slim was suspended following his performance in semifina .
 witness : daraa tense as troops , security forces flood city <sec> new : witness : syrian security forces move to disperse protesters in daraa .  new : mysterious black-shirted men terrorize residents in latakia , witness says .  daraa is extremely tense , according to a witness .  u.n. : at least 37 people have died in clashes between protesters and security force .
 opinion : supreme court got it wrong on gay marriage <sec> ryan anderson : supreme court 's decisions on marriage law are disturbing .  he says the court got it wrong on the federal doma and california 's prop 8 .  anderson : marriage is about the union of one man and one woma .
 ollantaytambo : a spectacular incan city <sec> in ollantaytambo , peru , you can see magnificent mountains and incan ruins .  the temple of the sun is at the highest point of the ollantaytambo ruins .  nearby , you can go white-water rafting , mountain climbing or horseback ridin .
 china 's exports linked to western u.s. air pollution <sec> study : west coast air quality suffers because of chinese exports .  manufacturing practices in china are not as efficient as in the u.s . .  coal-burning power plants have become more common in chin .
 palestinians seek recognition of state from european countries <sec> palestinian authority seeks recognition from european countries .  eu ministers have refused to recognize state in fear of stalling talks .  palestinian state would be based on borders prior to the 1967 arab-israeli wa .
 review : 'the mechanic ' <sec> jason statham is the b-movie bruiser of the moment .  the key to his charisma is that he 's so cutthroat , smart and elegant .  the implausibility of the film , even on its own genre-movie terms , is jaw-droppin .
 amran abdundi : bringing peace at terror 's border <sec> amran abdundi wins the campaigning category at 2015 index freedom of expression awards .  honored for her work helping victims of rape and conflict along kenya-somalia borde .
 button - new tires will suit my racing style <sec> jenson button tells cnn that he is happy with the switch to pirelli tires for 2011 .  pirelli have taken over from bridgestone as the formula one tire supplier .  button also reveals that the mp4-26 has been built to suit his own body shape .  the briton confirms that last year 's mclaren was built to suit the smaller lewis hamilto .
 transgender athlete sues crossfit for banning her from female contest <sec> fitness trainer sought to compete in 2013 crossfit games .  games ' policy requires competitors to be in categories of gender of their birth .  chloie jonsson 's lawyer calls it discrimination against transgender people .  crossfit calls it protecting the competitio .
 paula deen feels like 'that black , ' gay football player <sec> paula deen is on the cover of the new issue of people magazine .  she talks about the controversy she faced over using the `` n '' word in the past .  she describes how she 's now trying to get her career and her name back .  deen : i feel like `` embattled '' or `` disgraced '' will always follow my nam .
 fbi report : gang membership spikes <sec> an estimated 1.4 million are active in u.s. gangs , compared to 1 million in 2009 .  an fbi official admits gangs ' ranks swelled , but says better reporting may be a factor .  gangs are responsible for 48 % of violent crime , on average , in most jurisdiction .
 willie nelson 's band members injured when tour bus crashes in storm <sec> new : one band member has ankle injury , another a bruised hip , a third a cracked rib .  new : band postpones remaining november dates and will resume tour next month .  new : band blames `` icy conditions on the road '' for the accident 80 miles east of dallas .  willie nelson was n't on tour bus when it crashes into a texas bridge pilla .
 'game of thrones ' actor : 'red wedding ' guests had it coming <sec> `` thrones '' actor david bradley enjoyed his murderous role in the red wedding .  `` sherlock '' actor mark gatiss just announced as new `` game of thrones '' cast member .  gatiss is not allowed to reveal anything about his characte .
 memories of mres and c rations <sec> cnn readers recall good and bad memories of mres .  `` they get the job done but always needed a bit of spicing up '' .  meat-vegetable-loaf `` left a very heavy feeling in the pit of your stomach '' .  canned sponge cake an `` acquired taste .
 holman : i do n't advocate tiller 's murder , but i do n't condemn it <sec> dan holman says his group speaks for preborn children in different venues .  holman : `` i believe all abortionists are deserving of death '' .  holman : politicians who give tax money to groups that do abortions deserve deat .
 webber wins monaco grand prix as alonso takes lead in world title race <sec> mark webbber wins monaco grand prix for red bull .  australian is an unprecedented sixth different winner in six f1 races this season .  fernando alonso takes over at top of title race after finishing third .  michael schumacher forced to retire to finish out of the points agai .
 charles sifford , who broke golf 's color barrier , dies <sec> charlie sifford joined the pga tour in 1961 at age 38 .  he won two tour events , the first in 1967 .  tiger woods calls his death a terrible los .
 from the pub to the palace : how darts reinvented itself <sec> darts is one of the fastest growing sports in the world .  72 players from 20 different countries took part in world championship .  competitions broadcast across the globe as far as australia and new zealand .  the 2024 olympic games is being targeted by supporter .
 justin bieber facetimes with malala yousafzai <sec> `` she has such an incredible story , '' bieber says on twitter .  malala told cnn 's christiane amanpour last year she was a bieber fan .  the taliban targeted malala for death because of her support for girls ' education .  bieber has helped grant the wishes of more than 200 children through the make-a-wis .
 quizzing the crew : jo royle <sec> cnn asked crew members about hopes and fears for the voyage .  skipper jo royle looking forward to communicating message of the mission .  will take journals for her ma research ; believes mission is already a succes .
 gang rape , the dark side of egypt 's protests <sec> dutch journalist , 22 , was gang-raped in tahrir square and hospitalized for surgery .  nina burleigh : this is just one of scores of vicious rapes and beatings of female protesters .  egyptian women are primary victims , she says . .  the message is : stay home .  she says muslim brotherhood misogyny , attitude rapes are justified , infects societ .
 teen drivers with add a problem on the road <sec> add and adhd compound the problem of teen car accident deaths , experts say .  drivers with adhd have a greater tendency to speed .  people with add are more sensitive to the effects of alcohol .  add or adhd teens should stay in a learner 's permit program longer , experts sa .
 man who pointed laser at aircraft lands a 30-month prison sentence <sec> adam gardenhire , 19 , gets two and a half years in federal prison .  he admitted last year that he pointed laser at aircraft in burbank , california .  his attorney writes that gardenhire had no idea of hazards the laser could pose .  u.s. attorney 's office said the judge sent message with the sentenc .
 israel , palestinians to discuss gaza cease-fire <sec> israeli , palestinian delegations in cairo with egyptian officials to act as go-betweens .  israel says its goal of destroying tunnels has been met .  `` peace ? .  what peace ? '' .  the resident of a shattered gaza neighborhood ask .
 controversy surrounds health care contract workers <sec> david kwiatkowski worked in 13 hospitals between january 2007 and july 2012 .  approximately 1.7 % of the industry 's employees are temporary or contract workers .  contractors fill in gaps in almost every field -- from nurses to physicians to med tech .
 in rugged nepal , search goes on for missing plane <sec> authorities say 18 people were aboard an aircraft that 's gone missing in nepal .  they say villagers report spotting aircraft wreckag .
 suicide bomber kills 33 as iraqis play ramadan game in kirkuk cafe <sec> a suicide bomber detonates his explosive vest inside a popular cafe .  patrons were playing mahaibes , a popular game in the evening during ramadan .  no group claimed immediate responsibility for the attac .
 epa limits carbon pollution from new power plants <sec> the standards are being called the first uniform national limits for new plants .  existing power plants are exempt from these regulations , but others are coming .  sen. joe manchin of west virginia criticizes what he calls `` impossible standards .
 after 34 years , lynette 'squeaky ' fromme to be released <sec> `` squeaky '' fromme was convicted in 1975 of pointing a gun at then-president ford .  for years , she was one of charles manson 's few remaining followers .  according to reports , she for years waived her right to a parole hearing .  she was not involved in the murders that landed manson , other followers in priso .
 woman 's murder sparks outrage in turkey <sec> ozgecan aslan , 20 , allegedly fought a sexual assault before being killed .  her body was covered in gasoline , burned and then dumped in a riverbed .  protesters march in istanbul and ankara and express outrage on social medi .
 dozens dead in somali courthouse attack <sec> diplomatic officials say 29 people were killed at courthouse , nearly 60 wounded .  the sources also said nine al-shabaab militants died .  president says terrorists showing signs of desperation .  several attacks occurred across mogadish .
 project wallet drop : world 's least honest cities <sec> reader 's digest dropped wallets in 16 cities and waited to see how people would respond .  nearly half of the wallets were returned .  click through the gallery above to find out which city 's citizens are least hones .
 4 bodies recovered from sunken indian navy submarine ins sindhurakshak <sec> navy divers have now found four bodies inside the submarine .  authorities say they may not be able to recover all 18 missing sailors .  the ins sindhurakshak sank after an explosion and fire this week .  an investigation is under way into what caused the blas .
 michael jackson defender files sex abuse claim <sec> new : aeg live lawyer denies any connection between sex claim and death trial .  robson , at jackson 's 2005 trial , denied he was sexually abused .  he was one of jackson 's `` strongest witnesses , '' attorney tom mesereau says .  attorney : wade robson 's claim against michael jackson is `` outrageous and pathetic .
 israel reports hitting targets in gaza <sec> there are no immediate reports of injuries .  the strikes occurred early sunday .  they were in response to an earlier attack , an israeli military spokesman say .
 'we have homes and lives torn apart , ' australian official says <sec> new : the official death toll in queensland stands at 18 , police say .  fourteen people are still missing in the northeastern state .  police urge residents to knock on neighbors ' doors .  a mother and her two children are among those who die .
 ice cream cookie cups win pillsbury bake-off <sec> mini ice cream cookie cups creator is winner of pillsbury bake-off .  sue compton whipped up a batch to win competition .  recipe starts with pillsbury ready to bake refrigerated sugar cookies .  nuts , chocolate , jam , ice cream and fresh raspberries also are include .
 how do you get to 'sesame street ' ? <sec> `` street gang '' is a new book that chronicles the history of `` sesame street '' .  show was unique when it went on air in 1969 , using tv techniques for education .  much behind-the-scenes activities , but show has stayed true to goals .  author michael davis has heard countless stories about `` street 's '' benefit .
