 2 die as small cargo jet crashes outside chicago <sec> pilot , co-pilot killed as plane crashes short of runway .  learjet was on its final approach into chicago executive airport in wheeling , illinois .  the flight was operated by royal air cargo ; no other people onboar .
 obamacare a disaster that needs fixing <sec> aaron carroll : obamacare rollout has been a disaster ; there 's no excuse for it .  he says problems at front end of process make it hard to get even through first step .  he says insurance firms getting garbled date ; administration calling in it experts .  carroll : obamacare needed , but these first days have created problems political and rea .
 trial opens in turkey against israeli military officers in 2010 ship raid <sec> the four officers are being tried in absentia ; israel : `` show trial ... has nothing to do '' with justice .  nine died after israel raided the ship mavi marmara as its convoy tried to deliver aid to gaza .  plaintiffs tell of mistreatment , say israeli troops used excessive force against unarmed civilians .  israel says the organized resistance of armed passengers justified the use of deadly forc .
 d-day for ronaldo 's portugal in euro 2012 's 'group of death ' <sec> final games in euro 2012 's `` group of death '' to be played in ukraine on sunday .  bottom team netherlands face portugal , needing to win by two goals to go through .  cristiano ronaldo 's portugal will reach quarterfinals with win , or maybe even a draw .  leaders germany need just a point against denmark , who can also progress to last eigh .
 deadly gunfire at funeral of syrian opposition leader <sec> new : syrians in turkey gather to remember slain opposition leader .  his killing sparks protests in syria that turn deadly .  a general strike is called in the city where he was killed friday .  syria remains tense as a violent government crackdown continue .
 emotional nancy reagan unveils statue of late president <sec> new : former first lady touts husband 's `` commitment to freedom '' .  california donated figure for capitol rotunda to honor former president .  pelosi says statue contains pieces of berlin wall .  commission planning events to mark 100th birthday in 201 .
 bin laden 's death is not the end of terror , napolitano says <sec> the united states still needs strong anti-terror strategies , she says .  the strategy includes measures abroad and at home .  it 's the first time the homeland has been the primary focus , a top official says .  obama 's counterterror adviser outlined key points on wednesda .
 health care reform : issues roundup <sec> the supreme court will rule on the affordable care act this month .  no matter the ruling , most americans will be affected .  for more on the affordable care act , check back with cnn.com/healt .
 u.s. hikers in iran get 8 years in prison , state media reports <sec> defense attorney , swiss embassy ca n't yet confirm reports .  bauer and fattal were seized two years ago .  another hiker , sarah shourd was freed in september for medical reasons .  human rights groups have accused iran of using hikers as `` a bargaining chip .
 how obama handed netanyahu victory ( opinion ) <sec> benjamin netanyahu secured re-election in israeli election on tuesday .  frida ghitis : israeli sense of security key to understanding how they vot .
 portion of 9/11 remains dumped in landfill , report says <sec> new : white house endorses efforts for `` systemic structural changes '' .  pentagon report : some cremated remains were handed over to a biomedical contractor .  the remains were incinerated a second time and disposed of in a landfill .  the mortuary had erroneously assumed that no remains were left , report say .
 4 ways 4g will change your life <sec> next generation of phone networks will revolutionize communications with faster speeds .  4g connections will drastically increase the number of devices we control from our phones .  faster data speeds will allow us to watch live tv , work and play more on the go .  as more of our lives move onto our mobiles , we could become over-reliant on technolog .
 michelle obama appears in 'snackpocalypse ' <sec> michelle obama appears in a new funny or die video .  her appearance is in line with her healthy eating initiatives and let 's move ! .  campaign .  chloã« grace moretz and tyler posey also appear in the vide .
 near ground zero , organ in historic chapel 'speaks ' again <sec> organ in st. paul 's chapel in new york had been silent since september 11 , 2001 .  the instrument 's builders removed 2.5 gallons of dirt and debris left by 9/11 attacks .  organist 's good friday rehearsal marks instrument 's return to functionality .  after attacks , historic chapel was makeshift bunker for recovery and relief worker .
 charles ramsey : i 'm no hero in freeing of captive women <sec> i 'm no hero , charles ramsey tells cnn .  charles ramsey 's 911 call : `` she needs everything . .  she 's in a panic , bro . '' .  his quick action freed three women and a girl allegedly held captive .  ramsey works as a dishwasher at a local restauran .
 is your boss a 'special one ' ? <sec> inter milan coach jose mourinho inspires absolute loyalty in his players .  inter face mourinho 's old club , chelsea , in the european champions league .  sports psychologist andy barton says mourinho is an ideal boss .  barton says mourinho treats his players as equals to gain their respec .
 pope francis washes youths ' feet at detention center <sec> pope francis washes the feet of 12 young offenders , including women and muslims .  the pontiff urges catholic priests to be `` shepherds who have the smell of their sheep '' .  he celebrates the mass of the lord 's supper at a youth detention center .  the week 's events will culminate on easter sunday with the pope 's `` urbi et orbi '' blessin .
 aaron hernandez 's downward spiral <sec> a jury has found ex-new england patriots star guilty of murder .  aaron hernandez also charged with murder in 2012 double homicide .  'golden boy ' had just inked $ 40 million contract when troubles bega .
 sepp blatter must quit over racism comments , says fare <sec> sepp blatter causes angry response after remarks made during a speech .  fifa president 's comments cast doubt on his intent to crack down on racism .  anti-racism campaigner says that blatter should resign from his long-held role .  fifa insists that blatter 's comments do not contradict his past statement .
 arizona plan would arm principals <sec> arming principals is `` next best solution '' to police in schools , attorney general tom horne says .  schools could send the principal or a designee to gun , emergency training .  those schools could keep on firearm `` locked in a secure place '' for when neede .
 new iphone app vows to fix e-mail clutter <sec> mailbox is a highly anticipated iphone app for better organizing your e-mail .  it uses swipe gestures to help quickly clear your inbox and focus on important tasks .  the app 's killer feature is a snooze button , letting you ignore e-mails until late .
 protesters arrested nationwide as occupy wall street rallies hit monthlong mark <sec> new : 19 people are arrested in washington , d.c . .  in chicago , a police spokesman says there are `` multiple '' arrests .  at least 14 people are arrested for violating a new york park curfew early sunday .  the new york protests are among several that took place in the u.s. and around the worl .
 can france handle truth on sex lives of rich and powerful ? <sec> philippe coste : the dsk cases have given the press the chance to question the powerful .  the most powerful in society used to enjoy silence and immunity , he says .  he says dsk 's demise in france could be seen as symbolic of a new era of openness .  coste : despite the current publishing frenzy , most people would rather know les .
 google latitude keeps tabs on friends ' locations <sec> new google software , latitude , lets cell phone users share their location with others .  google hopes it will help people find each other and keep track of loved ones .  to protect privacy , google specifically requires people to sign up for the service .  people can share their precise location , the city they 're in , or nothing at al .
 evangelist accuses obama of 'distorting ' bible <sec> new : obama fires back at dobson , clarifies what he said in speech .  obama camp offers to meet with focus on the family .  dobson says sen. obama is `` dragging biblical understanding through the gutter '' .  obama has `` a fruitcake interpretation of the constitution , '' dobson say .
 a guide to gop 's benghazi obsession <sec> sally kohn : gop has been desperately `` politicizing '' benghazi since it happened .  kohn : in the fog of attacks , administration reported what it believed was happening .  pentagon fed up with repetitive , costly gop requests , 13 hearings , 50 briefings , she says .  kohn : benghazi investigations proved gop wrong over and over , yet gop will not drop i .
 isaf : insurgents in deadly attack in afghanistan wore u.s. army uniforms <sec> new : 14 of 15 insurgents who attacked a coalition base were killed , isaf says .  new : they attacked the base heavily armed and wearing u.s. army uniforms .  new : 6 av-8b harrier jets and 6 refueling stations are destroyed , adds isaf .  3 british service members die in separate attacks , also in helmand provinc .
 method man arrested on $ 33k tax charge <sec> clifford smith , aka method man , did n't file state income tax returns , authorities say .  state of new york says he owes $ 33,000 for 2004-2007 .  felony charges carry four-year prison sentenc .
 françois hollande : left turn for france ? <sec> françois hollande has never held national elective office .  he has never been married but has had two long-term relationships and four children .  hollande emerged as a candidate after fall of ex-imf chief dominique strauss-kahn .  hollande spooked the markets by coming out against austerity in his victory speec .
 review : 'safety not guaranteed ' is funny and touching <sec> peter travers : `` safety not guaranteed '' is an unexpected gift .  director colin trevorrow keeps the film humming with funny surprises .  aubrey plaza is a flat-out enchantres .
 'game of thrones ' actor talks on- and off-screen romance <sec> the third season of `` game of thrones '' is under way on hbo .  kit harington stars as jon snow on the series .  snow is the bastard son of lord eddard `` ned '' star .
 study : some supplements may pose risks for older women <sec> the use of dietary supplements has exploded in the united states in recent decades .  folic acid , vitamin b6 , magnesium , zinc and copper pose an increased risk .  iron was most strongly linked to an increased risk of earlier death -- calcium was the least .  increases in death risk were extremely small and may not be clinically meaningfu .
 can you trust the weatherman ? <sec> a powerful storm is making its way through the northeast .  julie crockett : weather forecasts are much more accurate than decades ago .  it 's nearly impossible to accurately model strong weather systems , she says .  crockett : the dynamics of the atmosphere is complex ; meteorologists have a tough jo .
 man allegedly responsible for a third of spam e-mail pleads not guilty <sec> oleg nikolaenko was arrested last month for violations of anti-spam policies .  prosecutors says he 's responsible for one-third of the e-mail spam you get .  his lawyer says nikolaenko is only accused of a `` low-level felony crime .
 want samoa ? oklahoma girl scout smashes world record for cookie sales <sec> katie francis sells more than 18,000 boxes of girl scout cookies , and she 's still going .  she broke the organization 's world record set in the 1980s .  `` cookie selling is just so much fun for me , '' katie says .  some `` bought cookies only because they saw me singing , '' she add .
 incest family 'faces years in therapy ' <sec> austrian family held captive in a cellar will take years to recover , doctors say .  family are undergoing treatment at a local psychiatric clinic .  children kept underground may never lead normal lives , psychiatrist warns .  family have been offered opportunity to adopt new identitie .
 newcomer sagan makes immediate mark with first tour de france win <sec> peter sagan wins first stage of the tour de france .  slovakian outsprinted fabian cancellara and edvald boasson hagen .  cancellara keeps race leader 's yellow jersey .  pre-race favorite bradley wiggins remains in second plac .
 nypd helicopter makes emergency water landing , 6 aboard safe <sec> new : the nypd helicopter was preparing to land when it had mechanical difficulty .  new : all six aboard suffered minor back and neck injurie .
 living in fear : egypt 's gay community <sec> homosexuality technically not illegal in egypt , but members of lgbt community often arrested .  human rights activists say 2014 has been a tough year for gay and transgender egyptians .  fear of arrest , social stigma force majority of lgbt community to conceal sexual orientatio .
 commentary : a giant leap from ohio <sec> bob greene : wapakoneta is a tiny town in northwest ohio .  the town is neil armstrong 's birthplace and where he dreamed of flying .  greene says the mission to the moon is a symbol of what we can achieve .  greene : `` this is about the limitless capacity of the human heart . .
 nobel prize winner malala 's bloodied school uniform <sec> malala yousafzai 's uniform is part of an exhibit at the nobel peace center in oslo , norway .  the pakistani teen was shot by the taliban after advocating for girls ' right to education .  malala , 17 , is the youngest nobel peace prize winner in history .  she and kailash satyarthi of india will receive their awards in oslo on wednesda .
 songs show we all need a little christmas <sec> bruce morrow says nothing stirs emotions as powerfully as christmas songs do .  he points out the various tunes : classic carols , religious music , silly songs for kids .  `` cousin brucie '' points out that many seasonal tunes have nothing to do with the holidays .  morrow says magic of the holiday lies in the security of home , family , friend .
 henrik stenson closer to historic golf double <sec> henrik stenson shoots an eight-under-par 64 to take the lead in dubai .  stenson bidding to become first man to win fedex cup and race to dubai in same season .  the swede holds a one-shot lead over unheralded spaniard alejandro canizares .  justin rose will win the race to dubai if he wins the tournament and is five shots adrif .
 gadhafi 's son arranges cnn interview with alleged libyan rape victim <sec> saadi gadhafi sent a car to bring eman al-obeidy to his office .  al-obeidy is not intimidated by his presence , calls him a humble man .  she says she wants to clear her name , smeared on state tv .  story of rape and torture became known after she burst into a tripoli hote .
 mass murder and powerful firearms <sec> some people argue that gun control is irrelevant to mass shootings .  daniel webster : but mass murderers often use firearms with large ammunition capacity .  he says there is no need for any civilian to have such powerful weapons .  webster : we need stricter regulations of gun sales to reduce death by gun violenc .
 americans take to the streets amid news of bin laden 's death <sec> celebrations break out in washington and new york , and on college campuses nationwide .  a firefighter 's father says he 's gratified , but bin laden 's death wo n't bring back his son .  a retired new york police officer says bin laden 's death gives him a sense of closure .  mood is sober at pentagon memoria .
 biggest campaign mistakes thus far <sec> julian zelizer : in early weeks of the 2016 campaign , candidates and potential contenders have stumbled in small ways .  he says chris christie 's words about social security and marijuana may haunt hi .
 cnn transcript : chinese activist chen guangcheng <sec> cnn spoke with chen guangcheng from his hospital room in beijing .  the blind activist said he fears for his life if he stays in china .  chen said he was `` disappointed '' with the u.s. embassy .  couple appeals to the u.s. to protect them , get them out of chin .
 royal baby 's name : george alexander louis <sec> the baby , third in line to the british throne , is prince george of cambridge .  the duke and duchess are spending private time with their newborn .  prince harry and queen elizabeth ii visit kensington palace to meet the baby .  catherine says , `` it 's such a special time , '' while william says , `` he 's got her looks , thankfully .
 murray conquers federer to take olympic gold at wimbledon <sec> andy murray defeats roger federer to win olympic gold for team gb .  murray beats the swiss world no . .  1 6-2 6-1 6-4 to claim first major tennis title .  the scot avenges his defeat by federer in wimbledon final back in july .  argentina 's juan martin del potro takes silver after beating novak djokovi .
 storytelling secrets from a 'one-woman band ' <sec> in the final chapter of ireport boot camp , sarah hoye offers her tips for covering a story from start to finish .  finding the right angle , storyboarding and shooting to edit are all crucial to good storytelling .  journalists need to keep in mind that every good story has a beginning , middle and end .  perhaps the best advice is the simplest : tell stories because you love t .
 kimi raikkonen : laidback lada driver to reluctant ferrari star <sec> kimi raikkonen drives a ferrari for a living but his first car was a second-hand lada .  the finnish f1 star says he longs to lead `` a normal life '' .  raikkonen plans to finish his f1 career with ferrari but is n't ruling out more nascar races .  the 34-year-old says his next big challenge is fatherhoo .
 arab league suspends syria mission amid violence <sec> the lcc asks that monday be a day of remembrance .  the opposition group says 64 are killed sunday .  russia 's foreign minister says he would support more arab observers .  the arab league suspended its mission because of violenc .
 japanese golfers set up fund website <sec> ai miyazoto , mika miyazoto and momuku ueda launch a website to help japan .  the trio were all in their native country when the recent earthquake and tsunami struck .  they have designed a button which will raise awareness of their fundraising side .  the button have been handed out to all the players at this week 's lpga kia classi .
 mother , attorney , defend accused tulsa shooter <sec> tulsa shooting suspect 's mother defends her son from prison .  jake england 's attorney says man 's facebook post has been misconstrued .  england and alvin watts are accused of first-degree murder , other charges .  they are accused of killing 3 african-americans and wounding two other .
 anelka injury deals france a blow <sec> france striker nicolas anelka will miss midweek euro tie against lithuania .  seville defender julien escude also injured for vital qualifying tie in nantes .  france must win final two matches to be certain of a slot in the 2008 final .
 malaysian woman , 107 , fears hubby no . 22 will leave her <sec> 107-year-old malaysian woman fears husband will leave her for younger woman .  wok kundor married to her husband , a man 70 years her junior , for four years .  malaysian media says wok has been married 22 time .
 fighting words : kerry-anne walsh on 'the stalking of julia gillard ' <sec> meet kerry-anne walsh , the straight-talking aussie political journalist .  wrote book on former pm julia gillard 's treatment by the media .  now set to be turned into screen drama , starring rachel griffiths .  walsh worked in canberra press gallery 25 years , before quitting in 200 .
 mtv vmas 2013 : the winners list <sec> the mtv video music awards were held in brooklyn .  justin timberlake took home the video of the year award .  austin mahone was named artist to watch .  taylor swift and bruno mars won best female and best male vide .
 how to get through airport security faster <sec> keep electronics and toiletries tidy by layering them between clothes .  transfer liquids from standard-size bottles into tsa-friendly containers .  lines on the left tend to be shorter than the righ .
 behind deadly confrontations in honduras , a new anti-drug strategy <sec> six people have been killed in three incidents over the past two months in honduras .  the incidents happened during the course of operation anvil , a joint honduran-u.s. effort .  both countries consider it a successful program against traffickers .  critics decry what they call the militarization of the drug wa .
 indian relay : 'magical ' racing in the mountains <sec> indian relay is a fast-paced , high action sport reserved to the rocky mountain west .  little-known outside the tribes , it is arguably america 's best kept sporting secret .  riders race without saddles and helmets in a frenetic relay involving man and beast .  the sport is beginning to gain greater acclaim , with a documentary made about i .
 cesar chavez movie : why the biopic matters now <sec> cesar chavez 's life not widely known , but actor-director diego luna hopes to change that .  kennedy : `` new york is 37 years behind california . .  we need a cesar chavez . '' .  film depicts chavez and ufw 's success , but there is still more work to be done .  luna : `` farm workers should n't struggle so much to feed their own families .
 slain georgia girl buried in puerto rico <sec> hundreds of mourners filled the funeral home in puerto rico .  the route to the cemetery was lined with hundreds of people .  the carriage holding her body was pulled by horse .
