 michael jackson 's mom remembers her 'sweet little boy ' <sec> katherine jackson shared stories of her son 's early days in testimony earlier in the trial .  michael 's first public solo was `` climb every mountain '' in a kindergarten program .  `` he sang it with such clarity and did n't miss -- not flat or anything , '' his mother says .  thursday would have been michael jackson 's 55th birthda .
 inmate takes too-fat-to-execute argument to supreme court <sec> richard cooey , set to die tuesday , has exhausted most state , federal appeals .  justices are expected to decide whether he should receive stay of execution .  they could also address constitutional claims about medical fitness for execution .  cooey : drug interaction , weakened veins would make punishment cruel , unusua .
 yarmouk refugees describe isis raid on syrian camp <sec> isis has seized control of large parts of the yarmouk palestinian refugee camp in syria .  an estimated 18,000 refugees are trapped between militant groups and regime forces .  u.n. : `` in the horror that is syria , the yarmouk refugee camp is the deepest circle of hell .
 no survivors found in wreckage of air france jet , official says <sec> new : pilots ' failure to issue mayday `` ominous sign , '' former ntsb spokesman says .  new : memorial service to be held wednesday at paris ' notre dame cathedral .  2 debris fields found about 400 miles northeast of fernando de noronha islands .  flight 447 , traveling from rio de janeiro to paris , was carrying 228 peopl .
 lucy liu tells beauty secrets <sec> actress lucy liu believes long hair makes her more approachable .  she believes lots of water and no caffeine is good for skin .  says acupuncture keeps you healthy , helps with weight los .
 benjamin watson <sec> nfl tight end benjamin watson is a christian , husband and father who shares his thoughts about life on social media .  he says he believes if we can talk about race more freely , the nation can move forward .  watson 's facebook essay on the unrest in ferguson , missouri , went vira .
 scott walker talks presidential run , takes shot at hillary clinton 's age <sec> wisconsin 's governor says he has a lot of time to run for president , if he wants to .  walker noted that he could wait to run for 20 years and be same age as hillary clinton .  the governor also said `` you have to be crazy to want to be president '' .  walker is often mentioned as a strong gop contender for the 2016 rac .
 james murdoch resigns as bskyb chairman <sec> new : james murdoch says he is quitting to shield bskyb from a newspaper scandal .  new : news corp. and bskyb shares both fall on the news .  murdoch has been hammered by scandal at the now-shuttered news of the world .  police , lawmakers and an independent inquiry are all investigating the scanda .
 life more colorful than black and white <sec> raquel cepeda says she identifies as a latina and a dominican-american .  she says genetic testing confirms her ancestory is a kaleidoscopic mix .  she says census form shows that its architects are out of touch .  we 're more diverse than the one-dimensional picture census draws , cepeda say .
 opposition presses for weapons as syria death toll tops 100,000 <sec> the u.n. 's secretary-general calls for an end to the violence .  u.n. : death toll in syria tops 100,000 .  an opposition group reports at least 50 deaths nationwide thursda .
 brazil 2014 : exploding the myths of sun , samba , soccer <sec> many thought awarding of finals would be a `` coming out '' party for brazil , writes anthony pereira .  but that is not the atmosphere which seems to be taking hold , he writes .  brazil in 1950 was without the wealth and stature it has today .  brazilians are playing an important role in football as protesters and reformer .
 chapel hill slayings : when is a crime a 'hate crime ? ' <sec> official : an fbi inquiry is looking into whether federal hate crime laws were violated .  family members and muslims around the world say it was a hate crime .  police are saying it was a dispute over a parking plac .
 collector cars of the future <sec> the right new car today could be worth a fortune as a collectible later .  cadillac xlr-v roadster can compete with the mercedes sl-class .  less than 2,000 of the honda s2000 cr editions will be built .  the hatchback will make the subaru impreza wrx sti a collectible late .
 qatar world cup : fifa investigator set to reveal findings <sec> michael garcia to finish investigation into world cup bids .  report into bidding process to be published six weeks after conclusion of investigation .  2018 world cup set to be held in russia , 2022 tournament in qatar .  mohamed bin hammam denies all the allegation .
 match-fixing threatens 'integrity of football in europe ' <sec> evidence of match-fixing found in two european champions league matches .  one of the two matches was played in england .  380 games including world cup and european championship qualifiers deemed suspicious .  425 match and club officials and criminals involved from 15 different countrie .
 brazilian jockey going for gold in singapore <sec> joao moreira seeking to win singapore gold cup for the first time on sunday .  brazilian has become singapore 's leading jockey in the past three years .  he arrived after an inauspicious start to his career as an apprentice in sao paulo .  moreira is mulling over his future , considering moving to australia or hong kon .
 a travel nightmare : man stands throughout 7-hour flight <sec> arthur berkowitz says he was forced out of his seat by the `` passenger of size '' beside him .  he feels us airways should do more to compensate him for his extended standing .  `` he did n't follow ... instructions and fasten his seat belt , '' us airways say .
 ebola toll tops 85 in west africa <sec> mali says it has three suspected ebola cases .  ebola has sickened 137 people , killed dozens , who says .  more deaths are suspected or confirmed in liberia , sierra leon .
 'designing women ' star dixie carter dies from cancer complications <sec> actress dixie carter dead at 70 , agent tells cnn .  carter was best known for role as julia sugarbaker on `` designing women '' .  carter was married to fellow actor hal holbroo .
 once a refugee , supermodel alek wek returns to south sudan to help others <sec> supermodel alek wek traveled to south sudan with the u.n . .  refugee agency .  a former refugee , wek fled a violent civil war in the region more than 20 years ago .  the newly independent country of south sudan is facing a refugee crisis .  wek helps raise funds for unhcr education programs serving returning refugee .
 ronaldo breaks his own scoring record as madrid maintain lead <sec> cristiano ronaldo takes league tally to 41 goals as madrid win 3-1 win sporting gijon .  lionel messi joins him on same number with two goals for barcelona in 2-1 win at levante .  real madrid stay four points clear of champions barca in the la liga title rac .
 ivanovic targets a return to the top <sec> ana ivanovic won her first tennis title in two years in linz , austria on sunday .  former world number one is now aiming to get back to the top of the game .  serbian slipped to a low of 65 in world rankings earlier this year following her peak in 2008 .  the 22-year-old wants to reclaim her place among the best women 's player .
 families face more challenges when military parents return <sec> for returning troops , getting back into the family dynamic is not easy .  1st lt. jeremiah lynch struggled transitioning after a deployment to kuwait .  the adapt program teaches parents tools and techniques to make reintegration easier .  when parents bare emotional and physical scars , communicating more help .
 opinion : fat people say # iamnotadisease <sec> the american medical association classified obesity as a disease .  marilyn wann : because of the label , fat people will likely encounter more weight bias .  she says the ama is focused on profit by focusing on weigh and weigh loss approach .  wann : if the ama truly cares about the health of fat people , they will end the war on obesit .
 afghanistan 'rape ' law puts women 's rights front and center <sec> afghan law appears to let a man to have sex with his wife even when she says `` no '' .  president hamid karzai says the law will be reviewed line-by-line .  rights group : `` president karzai needs to start standing up for human rights '' .  afghan lawmaker says women and children are `` victims of political games .
 key discovery made in fight against bird flu <sec> experts say they have found key component of the h5n1 bird flu virus .  it is hoped this will lead to better medication to fight the infection .  china reported its first human-to-human infection in 2005 .  since 2003 , the world health organization has confirmed 404 human case .
 gorilla at omaha zoo cracks window , sets family running <sec> gorilla leaps toward exhibit window and hits it , sending family running . .  zoo says patrons were never in danger .
 tiger woods : no apology from sergio garcia after 'fried chicken ' jibe <sec> tiger woods says there has n't been time for a clear-the-air talk with sergio garcia .  garcia said he 'd apologize face-to-face for 'fried chicken ' comment he made about woods .  the pair were pictured shaking hands on monday but have n't met again .  garcia reveals he left a note for woods in his locker at merio .
 tests show oil found on louisiana shore came from bp spill <sec> preliminary tests from louisiana island show oil from bp spill .  tar balls and an oil mat have been found since hurricane isaac .  bp says it was already working on cleanup in the area before the stor .
 review : 'gears of war 3 ' puts bloody bow on trilogy <sec> `` gears of wars '' described as `` the most influential game of this generation '' .  third installment wraps up the story arc for the gears team , answers lingering questions .  game starts a couple years after the conclusion of `` gears 2 '' and finds marcus in jai .
 charlie hebdo attack : suspects ' names , photos released <sec> police release photos of two suspects , warn they could be armed and dangerous .  a police operation is underway in reims , france , cnn affiliate report .
 investigators round up suspect 's relatives in police killings <sec> police round up relatives , friends of suspect to keep them from helping him escape .  maurice clemmons , 37 , is sought in the shooting deaths of 4 officers in coffee shop .  police : some of clemmons ' family , friends have been trying to help him elude police .  clemmons is an ex-convict with a long rap sheet in washington and arkansa .
 bringing past sex to life is complicated <sec> eloisa james writes historical romance novels with a contemporary perspective on sex .  author : `` who really knows what sex was like in 1600 ? '' .  `` bodice-rippers '' : 1980s romance novels where lusty males tore women 's blouse .
 the 'big lie ' in putting off pregnancy <sec> tanya selvaratnam wrote the book `` the big lie '' about the `` reality of the biological clock '' .  despite what celeb magazines suggest , it 's harder to get pregnant after age 35 , she says .  selvaratnam : `` we are the guinea pig generation for testing the limits of our fertility .
 bombs pound sanaa ; region aligns against houthis <sec> yemen 's president rallies support on saturday in egypt .  arab league blessing of military action may set the stage for a ground invasio .
 two out-of-print nora ephron titles to be published as a single volume <sec> `` crazy salad '' and `` scribble , scribble '' have been out-of-print as solo volumes .  on october 16 , vintage will publish both titles as a single volume .  they 'll also be available in their entirety as e-books for the first time on that dat .
 stolen babies scandal haunts spain <sec> a nun appears in court on an illegal baby adoption charge that could be the tip of an iceberg .  at least 2,000 official cases have been filed with spanish prosecutors .  so far , it seems the cases were individuals making money , not a coordinated network .  one man whose father told him they had bought him said : `` we were chickens in the market .
 trial is adjourned after americans fail to appear in cairo court <sec> new : charges include illegal deposits of millions of dollars .  the trial of the american ngo workers has been adjourned .  secretary of state hillary clinton says intense discussions under way .  none of the americans are to appear in court , an attorney say .
 tomb of ancient egypt 's beer maker to gods of the dead discovered <sec> japanese archeologists unearth tomb of pharaonic beer brewer in luxor .  hailed as one of the most significant finds of its time .  tomb of khonso em heb painted with frescoes ; beer would have been very different from today 's .  egypt has struggled to keep tabs on its antiquities since 2011 revolutio .
 police : suicide bomber kills dozens at pakistan parade <sec> the death toll rises to 60 ; the number of people wounded climbs to 110 .  two groups claim responsibility for bombing , and one promises more attacks .  5 kilograms of explosives used , police say ; suicide bomber 's body parts found .  pakistan and india take part in daily `` lowering of the flags '' ceremony at borde .
 pentagon expected to expand benefits to same-sex spouses <sec> defense secretary panetta is expected to extend more benefits to same-sex spouses .  benefits , including housing , would not violate marriage act , gay rights groups say .  nominee chuck hagel has said he supports the extension of such benefit .
 michigan parents battle rare cancers : 'never give up ' <sec> update : shelby offrink lost her battle to cancer on june 28 , 2015 .  offrink was diagnosed at 30 with rare inoperable brain cancer .  her husband , ben , was diagnosed with hodgkin 's lymphoma , which had been in remission 15 year .
 the internet , corporations and the upside of a zombie apocalypse <sec> motherboard sits down with media critic and author douglas rushkoff .  an early adopter of the internet , rushkoff has become one of its most outspoken critics .  recent work looks at risks that capitalism , corporate influence pose to democratic societ .
 african union suspends ivory coast amid political chaos <sec> the nation is suspended until the elected president takes office , au says .  it calls on president laurent gbagbo to hand over power to his challenger .  gbagbo and opposition candidate alassane ouattara both declared victor .
 report : iran to screen protest e-mails <sec> iranian press agency reports iranian government to screen e-mails , texts .  government trying to discourage protests that erupted after disputed presidential election .  organizers of illegal protests warned they will face hefty fines .  authorities alleged to have tortured and abused prisoners arrested as a result of the protest .
 ohio state senate passes bill to curtail collective bargaining <sec> ohio senate passes bill to curb collective bargaining rights of public workers .  lawmakers approved the measure by a count of 17 to 16 ; six republicans voted no .  legislation would also strip public workers ' power to strik .
 greek voices : t the crisis is not over for us <sec> unemployment figures show the euro area is slowly emerging from years of crisis .  however life in greece , where the crisis began , remains tough after austerity .  cnn has spoken to greek citizens over time to find out how their lives have changed .  many are struggling , and say leaving their homeland can seem the only optio .
 midori goto : from prodigy to peace ambassador <sec> violinist midori goto was child prodigy ; played with ny philharmonic at age 11 .  set up midori & friends musicial education group and is a un peace ambassador .  has an ma in psychology and travels the world playing with leading orchestra .
 mh17 : did malaysia 's 'quiet diplomacy ' seal rebel deal ? <sec> malaysian prime minister worked contacts to start talks with rebel leader , source said .  on tuesday , najib razak announced mh17 bodies , flight recorders would be returned .  najib 's step-grandmother was on flight shot down near ukrainian-russian border last week .  298 people died in the disaster , the second for malaysia airlines in five month .
 costa rica tops list of 'happiest ' nations <sec> costa rica beats out dominican republic as `` happiest '' place in world .  independent british group claims costa ricans have world 's highest life satisfaction .  central american nation also praised for its environmental effort .
 opinion : should false rape accusers be sued ? <sec> roxanne jones : 2 % to 8 % of rape accusations are `` unfounded '' .  jones : some men who insist they 've been falsely accused are suing accusers in civil court .  jones asks if jameis winston is innocent , should n't he sue his accuser to prove it ? .  it 's more complicated than that , she says . .  you ca n't win , it could end in a backlas .
 dr. gupta reveals the secrets to 'cheating death ' <sec> while driving home , mike mertz went into cardiac arrest and crashed his car .  ups driver corey ash saw the accident , pulled mertz out and began cpr .  cpr without mouth-to-mouth resuscitation may have saved mertz life .  pushing the heart and circulating the blood can make a tremendous differenc .
 venezuela synagogue vandalized <sec> about 15 men force their way into synagogue , tie up security guard .  interior room where torah is kept is defaced .  offices are defaced with anti-semitic graffit .
 why 'occupy ' ? it 's personal <sec> maria cardona says occupy wall street is not political or economic ; it 's personal .  she says protesters railing against corporate greed , status quo of unfair taxation .  she says gop supports system , thwarts obama 's attempts at protection for middle class .  cardona : class warfare ? .  yes , and the wealthy class won . .  it 's time to stand up for fairnes .
 2014 golden globes : biggest audience in a decade <sec> the 2014 golden globes had its highest total audience in 10 years .  according to nielsen , the average total audience was 20.9 million .  that 's up from last year 's 19.7 million total audience .  there was also an uptick in ratings in the key demographic of adults 18-4 .
 chinese shoppers shocked by tainted food scandal <sec> chinese premier wen jiabao says china will try to win back consumers .  melamine is said to have been added to animal food products .  report : adding melamine to feed started in aquatic farming 5 years ago .  some grocery shoppers say to eat fewer eggs and more bean-product .
 smiles as twitter mocks tony blair 's christmas card <sec> tony blair 's christmas card features the former british pm 's unnatural grin .  twitter users were quick to mock the image .  copycat cards on the theme were also quick to emerg .
 what will be 2014 's song of the summer ? <sec> iggy azalea 's `` fancy '' is a front-runner for 2014 's top summer song .  other hits such as `` rude '' and `` ai n't it fun '' are bringing competition .  last year , the song of the summer was robin thicke 's `` blurred lines .
 in a recession , cheap is chic <sec> conspicuous consumption is out and frugality is in during recession .  many who have money are being discreet with purchases .  consumers want more bang for the buck in a tough economy .  clark howard : `` if i cut my own lawn , i 'm going to have that $ 60 in my pocket .
 missing girl 's brother urges vatican to open up <sec> emanuela orlandi vanished from rome at the age of 15 nearly 30 years ago .  a priest is suspected of complicity in her disappearance , a prosecutor says .  hundreds of demonstrators urge the vatican to reveal what it knows about the case .  investigators open the tomb of a mob boss in search of the girl 's remain .
 obama speaks to americans as adults <sec> john avlon : president obama 's speech was strong on policy , weak on memorable themes .  obama deconstructed gop positions well and emphasized edge on foreign policy , he says .  avlon : it was a sober and serious address , and he did n't promise miracle .
 pageant hopefuls decapitate , skin snakes at rattlesnake roundup <sec> miss snake charmer pageant kicks off annual rattlesnake roundup festival .  festival helps control population of western diamondback rattlesnake , volunteer says .  for $ 10 , visitors can take a turn at snake skinnin .
 dortmund smash six past hamburg <sec> borussia dortmund maintain perfect start to bundesliga season .  jurgen klopp 's side run rampant scoring six against hamburg in front of home crowd .  bayern munich stay second win a 2-0 win over hannover .  bayer leverkusen beat 10-man wolfsburg 3- .
 authorities identify colorado avalanche victims <sec> the snowboarders were all in their 30s and from colorado .  this was colorado 's deadliest avalanche accident since 1962 .  one member of a snowboarding group was able to free himself from the snow .  loveland pass is located about 50 miles west of denve .
