 report : suspect in norway attacks bought chemicals , tools on ebay <sec> britain 's sunday telegraph investigates seven months of online transactions .  ebay says it is saddened by the events in oslo , is assisting norwegian authorities .  anders behring breivik mentions ebay repeatedly in his purported manifesto .  `` ebay is your friend , '' the author of the manifesto write .
 world cup 2022 : fifa executive committee debates qatar heat , workers <sec> new : qatar 's labor ministry says it will boost inspections and investigate claims of abuses .  workers ' rights protesters gather in zurich as fifa debates the 2022 qatar world cup .  a decision could be made on whether to move the tournament to qatar 's winter months .  there are fears players and fans could suffer in the searing heat of qatar 's summe .
 messi emerges to rescue barcelona <sec> barcelona claims 1-1 draw against psg to qualify for semifinals .  barca progresses on away goals after teams finish level at 3-3 on aggregate .  bayern munich eased past juventus 2-0 in turin .  last year 's runner-up bayern won 4-0 on aggregat .
 octuplets ' mom brings two of her babies home <sec> new : babies are noah angel , known as baby a , and isaiah angel , known as baby c .  new : on discharge , noah weighed 5 pounds , 13 ounces ; isaiah weighed 5 pounds .  she plans to turn den in to nursery , with two babies per crib .  suleman says `` my ultimate goal is not to be a burden on ... taxpayers .
 sheriff investigates whether michael phelps smoked pot <sec> charges will be filed if warranted , sheriff 's spokesman says .  tabloid published photo it says was taken at university of south carolina .  photo shows phelps with a water pipe used for smoking pot .  phelps apologized over weekend for `` regrettable behavior .
 'downton ' finery comes to u.s . <sec> exhibit of `` downton abbey '' costumes opening in delaware .  winterthur , the estate of an american industrialist , is hosting the show .  40 costumes worn upstairs and downstairs are on display with scenes from the sho .
 review : shakira 's 'live from paris ' <sec> shakira 's hips have turned spanglish jingles into video hits for a decade . .  ''whenever , wherever '' and ''she wolf '' are two of the artist 's popular videos .  the `` live from paris '' combo-pack album/dvd features plenty of skin , little musicianshi .
 why the new xbox still wo n't fix tv <sec> the forthcoming xbox one is designed to be the hub for all your living room entertainment .  switch between a game , blu-ray movie or live cable tv without a remote control .  but microsoft has hit the same roadblocks as google and apple when it comes to changing tv .  the challenge is convincing major cable companies to ditch their set-top boxe .
 darcheville and novo keep rangers clear <sec> rangers remain four points clear in scotland after a superb 4-0 win at hearts .  jean-claude darcheville and nacho novo both net twice for the league leaders .  celtic remain second in the table following 2-1 victory against inverness cale .
 missouri teen gets life in killing of neighbor , 9 <sec> defendant was 15 when she killed younger girl .  alyssa bustamante pleaded guilty to 2nd-degree murder last month .  she said she wanted to know what it was like to kill someon .
 rape case in mexican resort city puts violence back in the spotlight <sec> a high-profile case in a violence-plagued mexican state draws worldwide attention .  the alleged rape of six spanish tourists in acapulco casts a spotlight on violence .  experts : mexican president enrique pena nieto has been trying to change perceptions .  based on official figures , violence may be declining nationwide but spiking in some area .
 what does palestinian statehood bid mean ? <sec> palestinians request u.n. recognition of `` palestine '' as new member state .  u.s. holds veto power , has pledged to vote down statehood bid .  israeli pm has rejected pre-1967 border lines as basis for palestinian state .  many believe move may worsen relations between palestinian authority and israe .
 debt weakens premier league elite <sec> refinancing has left manchester united and liverpool short of transfer funds .  an new era of premier league prudence reigns according to finance experts .  real madrid have spent $ 300 million on ronaldo , kaka and benezma .  spanish clubs present serious challenge to english domination in europ .
 seal pup kiss photo melts hearts <sec> the usgs has been studying weddell seals in antarctica for more than 40 years .  the agency had asked scientists for interesting images to post on social medi .
 tornado rips roof off entertainment complex in montana <sec> no injuries reported from fast-developing storm .  roof damage to metrapark venue estimated to be as high $ 15 million .  governor to tour affected region monda .
 gelila assefa puck : fashion with african inspiration <sec> ethiopian fashion designer and philanthropist married to chef wolfgang puck .  based in la has concentrated on accessories , using textiles and ideas from africa .  born in addis ababa , puck supports the ethiopian children 's fun .
 u.s.-led coalition kills 13 afghan civilians <sec> military operation kills 13 civilians , three militants , u.s. says .  coalition offers condolences , helps identify victims .  weapons and ammunition found at site of attack .  afghan president has expressed dismay , anger over civilian casualtie .
 father grieves son killed by alabama airport sign 's collapse <sec> new : two brothers of the boy killed are in fair condition at an alabama hospital .  new : the late boy 's parish priest calls him `` a normal kid '' who `` lived a good moral life '' .  a flight display board falls on a family at the airport in birmingham , alabama .  birmingham 's mayor promises , `` i will get answers '' as to why this happene .
 elian gonzalez saga still vivid for many , 10 years later <sec> federal agents took elian gonzalez , 6 , from his relatives ' miami home on april 22 , 2000 .  today , elian attends a cuban military academy in matanzas , cuba .  there are museums about the elian gonzalez incident in miami and cub .
 turkey kicking out top israeli diplomats over gaza blockade <sec> new : soldiers acted in self-defense , israel says .  new : the u.n. and u.s. regret a u.n. report did n't bridge the israel-turkey rift .  turkey wants an apology from israel over the flotilla raid .  disagreements over gaza have caused ties to deteriorat .
 'robosquirrel ' deployed to research relationship with rattlesnakes <sec> researchers in california create robot squirrel to study behavior of rattlesnakes .  `` robosquirrel '' replicates two key behaviors observed in the wild when confronted by the predato .
 fcc approves emergency alert text-messaging system <sec> a federal agency , yet to be appointed , would create the messages .  texts would be sent in case of terrorist acts , weather disasters and amber alerts .  t-mobile , verizon , sprint nextel and at & t say they would opt into system .  subscribers would be able to opt out of receiving the message .
 do anti-pollution car bans actually work ? <sec> paris made public transport free and partially banned cars to contain pollution levels this week .  drivers unhappy , though some report improved air quality as a result .  biggest changes likely due to weather , long-term measures needed say campaigner .
 police probe nascar 's kurt busch for domestic assault <sec> new : busch attorney says the allegation is a lie made up by a woman after a relationship ended .  police in dover , delaware , say they learned of the allegation against busch on wednesday .  police are now investigating this allegation , but have n't released any details .  busch 's team , stewart-haas racing , takes the claim `` very seriously , '' says spokesma .
 mancini signs new manchester city deal <sec> roberto mancini signs a new five-year contract with manchester city .  italian manager led city to their first english premier league title last season .  mancini joined the club in december 2009 after mark hughes ' sackin .
 can nba players really win the lockout war on twitter ? <sec> as nba lockout threatens season , players take to twitter to make their case .  lakers guard derek fisher urges colleagues to use social media .  players can use their personal popularity to spread opinion in a way ownership ca n't .  as players tweet , ownership has remained mostly quiet on social-media platform .
 serena : i apologized to maria over rolling stone article <sec> serena williams reacts to maria sharapova 's stinging attack .  world no.1 says she apologized to the russian earlier this wee .
 what tim cook 's comments reveal about apple 's future <sec> during a rare interview tuesday , ceo tim cook teased a few interesting tidbits about where apple may be headed .  clearly , apple wants to evolve voice-assistant siri , and lift its current `` beta '' status .  apple 's mobile operating system could yield greater facebook integration like it does with twitter .  cook basically announced that an itv is all but inevitabl .
 super telescope will search for secrets of the universe <sec> the world 's largest radio telescope will uncover secrets of the history and future of the universe .  extraterrestrial life may also be detected by square kilometer array telescope .  3,000 dishes will be used in an array which will spread over massive area .  south africa and australia bidding to host the project which will start construction in 201 .
 amnesty international : executions worldwide drop 25 % <sec> china maintains secrecy over its use of the death penalty .  china , iran , north korea , yemen and united states execute the most people .  china executes more than the rest of world combined , according to amnesty international .  the united states executed 46 people in 201 .
 nato concerned over russian army buildup on ukraine border <sec> nato commander says russia has a large force on ukraine 's eastern border .  `` russia is acting much more like an adversary than a partner , '' nato commander says .  `` we must not allow a new division of europe , '' says german foreign minister .  pro-russia rallies planned in southern , eastern ukrain .
 italy 's prime minister enrico letta resigns <sec> italian prime minister enrico letta tenders his resignation .  he 's likely to be replaced by democratic party leader matteo renzi .  the third largest economy in the eurozone has had more than its share of political turmoil .  letta was sworn into office last april , ending weeks of uncertainty after inconclusive election .
 hurricane center staff asks for new boss <sec> 23 staff members sign petition asking for director 's ouster .  bill proenza took over in january after max mayfield 's retirement .  staff unhappy with environment of closed doors , public bickering .  commerce department reviewing hurricane center 's operation .
 austen heroine aids claim uk invented baseball <sec> author claims baseball originated in britain and traveled to the united states .  julian norridge says american sporting magnate covered up baseball 's origin .  norridge argues reference in jane austen novel supports his hypothesi .
 how the digital blob feasts on our intimate data <sec> digital commentator andrew keen says social networking is a virus that feeds on intimate data .  he says hysteria over apps that surreptitiously access data exposes wider problem in industry .  accessing lists of our friends is the crack cocaine of the social networking industry , keen argue .
 google street view maps fukushima nuclear ghost town <sec> google street view has taken street pictures of namie-machi , fukushima .  the city has been a ghost town since the fukushima nuclear meltdown two years ago .  mayor tamotsu baba wanted a way for residents to see their properties .  japanese authorities set up a 12-mile evacuation zone around the stricken power plant in 201 .
 family : canadian pastor being held in north korea <sec> hyeon soo lim , 60 , speaks korean fluently and has visited north korea numerous times .  north korea has detained westerners on religious grounds .
 turkish kurds join battle against isis in syria <sec> hundreds of kurdish fighters from turkey join a militia trying to stem an isis advance .  kurdish activist : this is about defending 50,000 kurds from a massacre .  isis militants have seized dozens of villages near the town of ayn-al-arab , or kobani .  turkey opened its border to tens of thousands of syrian kurds fleeing the violenc .
 bric nations : aviation 's next power players ? <sec> tim robinson is an aviation expert and the editor-in-chief of aerospace magazine .  bric countries are attempting to enter the elite club of aerospace manufacturers .  national aerospace industry creates skills , jobs , international prestige , says robinso .
 look out ! here comes the new spider-woman <sec> marvel comics character spider-woman is getting a new look for 2015 .  the `` spider-woman '' comic book was recently relaunched .  her makeover follows a recent costume change for batgirl by dc comic .
 teacher charged in teddy bear case <sec> new : british teacher in sudan charged with insulting religion and inciting hatred .  new : british foreign secretary summons sudanese ambassador to meeting .  gillian gibbons , 54 , arrested after her class named teddy bear `` mohammed '' .  blasphemy punishable in sudan by 40 lashes , prison or fine , reports sa .
 wen promises to boost chinese growth <sec> wen jiabao acknowledged the downturn that has gathered pace in china .  china would meet its target of expanding the economy by 7.5 per cent this year .  he insisted his government still had the ability and the will to stabilise the econom .
 london mccabe 's death matters ( opinion ) <sec> london mccabe , a young boy with autism , was allegedly killed by his mother .  david perry : in cases of crime involving person with disability , how about focus on victim ? .  he says media stories convey the idea that life with disability has no meaning .  perry : let 's change how we talk about disability and give parents hope and suppor .
 barca cruises without messi and vilanova <sec> lionel messi sits on the bench as barcelona crushes cordoba 5-0 in copa del rey .  david villa and alexis sanchez both score twice at camp nou .  barcelona will play malaga in quarterfinals .  atletico madrid and real betis both progress to last eight of competitio .
 'not that into you ' author talks women <sec> greg behrendt is the co-author of `` he 's just not that into you , '' now a film .  behrendt joined a mostly female writing team on `` sex and the city '' .  `` he 's just not that into you '' is a book for women who worry about relationships .  `` we were raised to pursue women , '' behrendt say .
 sri lankan journalist shot in his home <sec> faraz shaukatally is an investigative journalist with a colombo newspaper .  police have yet to establish a motive .  the reporter survived and had surgery to remove the bullet .  journalists in sri lanka face heavy intimidatio .
 how to make the holidays more affordable <sec> cut entertaining costs by hiring an independent caterer or having a buffet .  stretch your holiday budget with arrangements that contain greens instead of fresh flowers .  a week before christmas , some carriers may automatically send packages out next-da .
 where the money is : a campaign spending primer <sec> the rules changed after the landmark `` citizen 's united '' ruling by the supreme court in 2010 .  super pacs can spend unlimited money but must disclose donors .  they use these dollars to flood airways with issue ads and ads supporting a particular candidat .
 why al qaeda 's south asia expansion will fail <sec> isis has established itself as the main jihadist group in the world today .  this has left al-qaeda struggling to make an impact , according to quilliam 's ghaffar hussain .  al qaeda leader ayman al-zawahiri promises to `` raise the flag of jihad '' and spread islamic rule across s. asia .  but there are good reasons why india and bangladesh have not been fertile breeding grounds for jihadists , hussain say .
 google street view blacked out in greece <sec> greek watchdog wants more information from google about privacy measures .  privacy campaigners say street view could be abused .  residents of one uk village say it will help burglars scout targets .  google says it is n't breaking any laws and takes privacy very seriousl .
 police statement details roethlisberger 's alleged assault <sec> woman says roethlisberger raped her in club bathroom after she tried to resist him .  roethlisberger invited her and friends to club 's vip section , offered them drinks .  prosecutor says he wo n't press charges because he can not prove a crime happene .
 traveling abroad ? here 's some advice after u.s. mom jailed in mexico <sec> check travel advisories on the state department website , or uk website .  do n't make yourself a target by sticking out as a tourist .  more than 2,500 americans are arrested abroad every year .  if you 're detained , you have a right to a visit with an official from u.s. consulate , expert say .
 stars grab trophies -- and each other -- at mtv movie awards <sec> the teen vampire flick `` eclipse '' claims five awards .  pattinson utters an uncensored expletive .  other stars rib each other for their fictional or real-life romanc .
 denmark : second zoo may euthanize a giraffe named marius <sec> jyllands park zoo says it may also have to euthanize a giraffe called marius .  it will be necessary only if space is needed for a new giraffe and a home can not be found .  animal lovers were outraged when copenhagen zoo killed another giraffe named marius .  no decision imminent at jyllands park zoo , which will explore all options , a zoologist say .
 the great reset : will obama 's second inauguration let america turn the page ? <sec> reeling from the turmoil of the last four years , the country may be ready to regroup .  president obama , adopting a more assertive posture , will need to still persuade a divided country to get things done .  the economy is improving , the nation 's demographics are shifting and a new america is emergin .
 family of slain chicago teen welcomes gun control debate <sec> new : father of slain chicago girl supports using her death to spur gun control talks .  last week she performed in events surrounding president obama 's inauguration .  `` she was so excited , '' hadiya pendleton 's father says about her participation in inaugural .  `` just a matter of days after the happiest day of her life , she 's gone , '' sen. dick durbin say .
 obama in cnn interview : key decisions nearing on syria , egypt - cnnpolitics.com <sec> cnn exclusive : obama says u.s. faces more abbreviated timeframe on syria , egypt .  obama tells `` new day '' anchor chris cuomo `` we have to think '' strategically .  obama says he plans to invite woman who confronted gunman at atlanta-area school .  says home can seem quieter as teen daughters seek more independenc .
 the issue with ousted cbc host jian ghomeshi 's 'kinky defense ' <sec> the cbc has ended its relationship with popular radio host jian ghomeshi .  ghomeshi claims he was fired for disclosing that he participates in rough sex and role-playing .  3 women anonymously accused ghomeshi of abusive sexual practices in the toronto star .  radio host denies allegations , says his reputation is being ruined by a `` jilted '' e .
 ban on gays hurts scouting <sec> zach wahls says his mother , a lesbian , ran his scout den without any one objecting .  after ban on gays instituted , wahls became activist to allow gays in scouting .  wahls says ban is harmful since scouts lost funding and support of many parents .  wahls : boy scouts of america might lift national ban , but local units could still discriminat .
 opinion : 2014 , a make-or-break year for legal pot <sec> 2014 is the year the nation starts to experiment with legal marijuana , john hudak says .  he writes that other states will watch what happens in colorado , washington closely .  hudak : organized advocacy groups took debate out of dorm room to policy makers .  he says groups will help states with implementation , crucial for succes .
 kentucky jury finds joshua young not guilty in death of stepbrother <sec> new : the jury finds joshua young not guilty in the beating death of his stepbrother .  young , 17 , was accused of joining his father in killing trey zwicker .  his father earlier pleaded guilty to murder in zwicker 's death .  jurors could have found young guilty of murder whether they believed he acted alone or no .
 12 die , 47 wounded as islamists , au forces fire shells in somalia <sec> rebels fired mortars at the parliament building in mogadishu .  african union forces fired shells in retur .
 freaky 3-d scanning turns human skin into art <sec> a london studio has used 3-d scans to create hyper-realistic images of the human body for a music video .  the creators used 94 cameras and panoramic lighting to capture the skin 's microscopic details .  the studio aims to incorporate virtual humans into their art in exciting way .
 aids chief still hopeful for eventual vaccine , cure <sec> more than 25,000 people expected at the international aids conference .  progress made in science , political will , funding , public health , expert says .  for every person put on therapy , 2 to 3 people are newly infected , he says .  cure critical to attempts to contain the pandemic , he say .
