 rwanda immigrant faces post-genocide fraud charges in u.s . <sec> jury selection is set to begin wednesday in the case of beatrice munyenyezi .  she allegedly committed visa fraud by denying her alleged involvement in rwanda 's genocide .  prosecutors say munyenyezi , a hutu , was a member of an extremist group .  she denies being involved in crime .
 palestinians , israelis differ on how minister died <sec> an autopsy report released by israel says ziyad abu ein died from a blocked artery .  a palestinian doctor says he choked on vomit brought on by tear gas inhalation .  a palestinian official says abu ein was taking part in nonviolent protests .  israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu vows to investigat .
 fired florida officer defends use of 'trayvon martin ' targets <sec> sgt . .  ron king was fired friday from the port canaveral police department .  he says the target was a training aid for `` no-shoot '' situations .  the target shows a faceless black hoodie with skittles and iced tea .  an official calls his conduct `` intolerable .
 kurdish forces make gains on isis , nato leaders vow aid <sec> kurdish peshmerga forces battle isis in mosul province .  u.s. conducts airstrikes near mosul dam and in irbil .  isis fighters kidnap 50 men from kirkuk village , warning residents to fight peshmerga .  `` we 're steadily moving in the right direction , '' president obama says of isis figh .
 sumo star asashoryu quits in wake of assault scandal <sec> sumo grand champion asashoryu announces his retirement at tear-filled news conference .  the 29-year-old apologizes in wake of allegations about a drunken assault on a man .  he is first mongolian to become grand champion and third-most successful sumo .  japan 's most revered sport has suffered from a series of scandals in recent year .
 'lion king 3d ' defends crown with $ 22.1 million <sec> `` the lion king '' 's cumulative tally came to $ 390.2 million .  `` moneyball , '' batted a solid $ 20.6 million .  right behind `` moneyball '' was `` dolphin tale '' with $ 20.3 millio .
 and the most popular baby names are ... <sec> isabella has replaced emma as the most popular name for newborn girls in u.s . .  jacob remains most popular name for baby boys for the 11th year in a row .  cullen became popular , inspired by the character is the `` twilight '' series .  lindsey and jonas are on the out .
 pakistan : 43 civilians die in taliban crossfire <sec> swat valley region used to be a popular destination for tourists and skiers .  taliban are imposing their strict brand of islamic law in the region .  pakistan government criticized for allowing security in swat to deteriorat .
 cnn student news - may 19 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 yemen to swear in new president saturday <sec> new : president ali abdullah saleh arrives in yemen , a spokesman says .  yemen 's vice president gets 99.8 % of the vote , an election official says .  the country 's vp is expected to be officially sworn in as president saturday .  u.s. , others have called for democratic reform .
 newtown calls on connecticut to 'show america the way ' on gun control <sec> hundreds attend a connecticut state task force on gun control .  the hearing in newtown lasted six hours .  most called for stricter gun control laws , but some did not .  last month 's shooting at sandy hook elementary school killed 20 children and six adult .
 senate delays test vote on jobless benefits extension <sec> new : vote is postponed with 17 senators not present ; rescheduled for 10:30 a.m. tuesday .  unemployment insurance is first partisan showdown in congress for 2014 .  republicans wo n't support measure without cuts elsewhere to offset the cost .  democrats are pushing the three-month package ; president obama supports i .
 ny officer accused of leading drug robbery crew pleads not guilty <sec> new : new york police officer jose tejada pleads not guilty to robbery , drug charges .  he is accused of leading a crew that robbed drug dealers of money , inventory .  crew had committed more than 100 robberies since 2001 , officials sa .
 roadside bombs 'no . 1 threat ' to troops in afghanistan <sec> pentagon agency : 82 incidents in june caused casualties among coalition troops .  military has called ieds the weapon of choice for insurgents in afghanistan .  no numbers were provided for july , but such attacks have continued this mont .
 irish catholic church covered up child abuse , report says <sec> new report examines abuse abuse between january 1975 and may 2004 .  earlier report detailed allegations of child abuse in institutions across ireland .  some of those institutions were linked to religious orders .  archbishop diarmuid martin : `` no words of apology can be sufficient .
 korean skater lee doubles up as ohno makes u.s. olympic history <sec> new : lee jung-su confirms his reputation as top men 's short-track speedskater .  korean wins second gold in 1,000m event as apolo anton ohno makes u.s. history .  swiss ski-jumper simon ammann claims his second gold medal of vancouver games .  andrea fischbacher denies lindsey vonn a double winter olympic gol .
 obama heads to africa to promote investment , democracy <sec> his visit will take him to senegal , south africa and tanzania .  it aims to bolster investment opportunities and promote democracy .  it is his second visit to sub-saharan africa as president .  he visited ghana during his first term in july 2009 .
 holiday lights so bright nasa can see them from space <sec> lights burn brighter in the u.s. during holidays , nasa report says .  researchers made observations based on satellite images .  the same effect can be seen in the middle east during ramada .
 the man who started wwi : 7 things you did n't know <sec> gavrilo princip fired the shot that started world war i when he killed archduke franz ferdinand .  princip , a slav nationalist , wanted to drive the austro-hungarians out of bosnia .  he was a high school student when he carried out the assassination , in sarajevo .  he got close to his victim purely by chance , and only fired one sho .
 boeing issues memo on 737 jets after amsterdam crash <sec> boeing urges 737 pilots to pay careful attention to flight instruments .  dutch investigators said a faulty altimeter contributed to netherlands crash .  erroneous altitude data caused automatic throttles to slow the plane down .  the turkish airlines jet broke into three pieces on impact , killing nine peopl .
 nato fights new threats and withering from within <sec> most important nato summit in its 61-year history , says secretary general .  nato to address new threats to europe 's security : terrorists , cyber attack , piracy .  nato 's mission in afghanistan is a litmus test for the future of nato , say some expert .
 romney tops a crowded field of potential 2016ers <sec> mitt romney tops the field of republican presidential field with 19 % in new national poll .  jeb bush came in a close second with 11 % of support in the poll .  on the democratic side , clinton has a massive advantage with 57 % of support .  warren comes in a distant second with 13 % of respondents picking he .
 al-shabaab commandeers somali radio station <sec> militant islamic group controls radio stations .  government says al-shabaab is spreading propaganda .  it also says militants are recruiting young men , boy .
 a habit all too common in baseball <sec> tony gwynn died at age 54 after battling salivary gland cancer .  he 's not the only mlb player to battle oral cancer .  mlb implemented rules in 2011 but has n't banned tobacco use on the fiel .
 u.s. tycoon gene haas wants to race to billions with formula one team <sec> gene haas wants to bolster business brand by founding a formula one team .  the american 's haas f1 team is due to join the world championship in 2016 .  haas , who owns a nascar team , wants to win a grand prix within the first five years .  `` f1 is the biggest challenge of my career but i do n't have any doubts we can do it , '' he say .
 opinion : north korean power politics get more ruthless <sec> jang sung-taek was vice chairman of the top military body and married to kim 's aunt .  north korea state media say jang was convicted of treason and executed .  jang was arrested at a special meeting of the leadership and a lengthy list of crimes published .  klingner : likely the accusation of treason was to undermine jang 's reputatio .
 pressure mounts for u.s. to help find kidnapped nigerian schoolgirls - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a top state department official is traveling to nigeria .  president obama is briefed on the kidnapping of more than 200 schoolgirls in nigeria .  sources : the united states is sharing intelligence with nigerian authorities .  there are no plans for u.s. troops to get involved , officials sa .
 theater where r.e.m. , b-52s played burns <sec> georgia theatre in athens , georgia , gutted by fire friday morning .  historic theater known for playing host to notable bands , including r.e.m . .  theater was the place `` for alternative music , '' said first owne .
 ukrainians metalist thrown out of uefa competition on match-fixing charges <sec> ukrainian club metalist kharkiv are disqualified from uefa competitions for a season .  european soccer 's governing body finds metalist guilty on match-fixing charges .  metalist had been set for european champions league playoff with schalke .  greek side paok thessaloniki could be reinstated to europe 's top club competitio .
 hernandez jersey exchange draws 1,200-plus <sec> the patriots offered fans who bought hernandez jerseys a chance to trade them in .  hernandez was charged with murder in june in the killing of a friend .  while the patriots offer trade-ins , hernandez jerseys go for big money onlin .
 democrat leaves u.s. senate race in kansas <sec> the democratic candidate withdraws from the u.s. senate race in kansas .  that means more support could go to the independent candidate .  republican incumbent sen. pat roberts was once thought to be a shoe-in .  gop strategists are pushing roberts to step it u .
 greenpeace activists arrested in french nuclear break-in <sec> environmental activists hang banner at nuclear plant .  the plant 's operations were not disrupted , officials say .  the fessenheim plant opened in 197 .
 security increases at hospital where mandela lies <sec> new : president jacob zuma says mandela 's doctors `` are doing a good job '' .  mandela has not appeared in public since south africa hosted the world cup in 2010 .  he has been in and out of hospitals in recent years .  his daughter has flown back to be with hi .
 another blow in airline ticketing war <sec> global airfare distributor sabre holdings to drop american airlines .  american removed fares from orbitz.com last month ; expedia removed fares jan. 1 .  american pushing to use its own distribution system , cutting out intermediarie .
 iraq orders ex-blackwater contractors out <sec> former blackwater ( now known as xe ) employees must leave iraq , iraqi officials say .  they have seven days to leave iraq , says interior minister jawad al-bolani .  blackwater became target of iraqi outrage after 2007 shooting left 17 civilians dea .
 climate change threatens lake baikal 's unique ecosystem <sec> study says climate change threatens important algae in russia 's lake baikal .  warmer temperatures could also affect world 's only freshwater seal .  lake baikal is a unesco world heritage site for its unique flora and faun .
 jay leno leaves 'tonight ' behind <sec> jay leno concludes 17 years as `` tonight show '' host friday .  leno has been criticized for dumbing down the show , but he 's been no . .  1 for years .  he 'll be succeeded by conan o'brien ; in fall , he 'll launch prime-time sho .
 chilean communists call for neruda 's exhumation <sec> `` there is no other way to resolve this terrible doubt , '' a lawyer says .  an investigation into the poet 's 1973 death began in june .  neruda 's former chauffeur alleges that the poet was killed by an injection .  his death certificate says he died of prostate cance .
 nypd : officer fatally shoots teen who fired gun at fleeing person <sec> police says a 14-year-old boy was pursuing someone in the bronx and fired his gun .  an officer fatally shot the teen when he did not drop his weapon , nypd says .  the neighborhood where the shooting occurred is a designated high-crime are .
 a kinder , gentler , wiser marco rubio <sec> marco rubio presented gop response to obama 's state of the union .  ruben navarrette : rubio came across positively , appealing to broad range of people .  he says rubio counters the argument that the gop is the party of the wealthy .  navarrette : how much of rubio 's switch on immigration is real .
 woody harrelson claims he mistook photographer for zombie <sec> woody harrelson defends his clash with a photographer at a new york airport .  statement through publicist says he was still in character from zombie movie .  harrelson : `` i quite understandably mistook [ the photographer ] for a zombie '' .  harrelson is being sued by another tmz photographer for an alleged assaul .
 five killed as unrest erupts around iraq <sec> police say two people were killed in central mosul .  in hawijah , three protesters are killed during clashes , according to police .  protesters gather outside government buildings across the country .  authorities announce a ban on vehicle traffic in some citie .
 ncaa sweet 16 : top seeds advance <sec> kentucky destroys west virginia .  notre dame 's offense gets hot in the second half , led by demetrius jackson .  wisconsin holds off acc 's north carolina with superb free-throw shootin .
 suu kyi addresses burmese migrants on historic thai trip <sec> aung san suu kyi addresses crowds outside a burmese migrants ' center in thailand .  myanmar opposition leader is on her first trip outside the country in more than 20 years .  onlookers climbed onto rooftops ahead of her speech in mahachai , southwest of bangkok .  suu kyi told them she would try her best to look after migrant workers ' right .
 'the star wars ' that almost was <sec> new comic book `` the star wars '' adapts and illustrates george lucas ' rough draft script .  `` it 's so similar , yet so different at the same time , '' says writer j.w . .  rinzler .  characters such as kane starkiller and a lizard-like han solo populate this univers .
 russian bombers in venezuela amid tension with u.s . <sec> moscow : russian bombers using venezuela airfield to train over neutral waters .  russian defense ministry spokesman : nato fighters followed bombers .  news agency : venezuelan president says he 'd welcome russian air force .  move comes amid growing tension between washington and mosco .
 army recommends trial in soldier death <sec> the case stems from the death of pvt . .  danny chen .  chen was found dead in a guard tower in afghanistan .  the soldiers are accused of hazing and abusing chen , an official say .
 some reid staffers exempt from obamacare exchanges <sec> other congressional leaders have instructed their staffs to enroll .  in september , reid said , `` we are going to be part of exchanges '' .  law lets lawmakers decide if committee and leadership staffers keep federal employee insuranc .
 why china 's role as global economic savior is under threat <sec> where can the world find growth ? .  a cnn panel hosted by john defterios discussed the global economy .  participants said china would not grow at its explosive rate again , but other economies were also weak .  the panel was held in st petersburg , russia , a country which has suffered from falling commodity prices .  turkey was pointed to as an economy which has potential despite recent protest .
 counter-terrorism team helps deliver baby at penn station <sec> `` forget the ambulance ... .  i 'm going to have the baby right here , '' said mother .  baby named caesar penn boothe ; middle name reflects his birthplace .  three counter-terrorism patrol officers and amtrak police officer helped deliver bab .
 justices reject review of religious liberty in the marketplace case <sec> court wo n't review appeal of case about a business 's right to deny services to gays , lesbians .  justices would have debated issues of faith in the marketplace and same-sex marriage .  business refused to photograph ceremony of vanessa willock and misti collinsworth .  the court 's denial of this appeal comes a month after arizona 's governor vetoed sb 106 .
 bobbi kristina brown case : what we know and do n't know <sec> police say `` the incident has always been under criminal investigation '' .  brown , who was found unresponsive in a bathtub , had bruises , a friend say .
 motogp : marquez fastest in sepang testing <sec> motogp teams and riders in sepang , malaysia for three days of testing ahead of 2015 season .  reigning world champion marc marquez three tenths of a second faster that nearest rival .  one more round of testing in qatar before season opener at same track on march 2 .
 white house gives egypt a to-do list <sec> white house spokesman calls for lifting the state of emergency , expanding negotiations .  otherwise , the protests will continue to grow , gibbs says .  egypt 's foreign minister tells the united states to back of .
 sandwich shop employees fired over stomach-churning photos <sec> two employees at a subway in central ohio have been fired after posting photos online .  one showed genitals on a loaf of bread ; the other a bottle allegedly filled with frozen urine .  `` these actions are not tolerated , '' subway says in a statement .  after hearing what happened , a customer says , `` i think i want to go home and consider puking .
 do n't treat snow as an emergency <sec> david weinberger : blizzard not the worst , but why is n't new england better prepared ? .  he says an oslo commenter to his blog notes norway is more sensible about snow .  like norway , new england could bury power lines , snow-proof infrastructure , he says .  writer : it 's too costly , and in the end , people do n't see storms as disasters -- just as snow day .
 weight loss : home workout videos helped her lose 200 pounds <sec> rebecca privitera lost 211 pounds in just over two years .  at her peak weight , she was 381 pounds ; now she weighs 170 .  her husband , justin , told her she had to lose weight the old-fashioned way .  privitera has lost most of her weight by completing in-home exercise dvd .
 arson suspect pleads not guilty in 76,376-acre fire <sec> wayne allen huntsman , 37 , says he 's not guilty of felony arson .  huntsman , 37 , of pollock pines , california , is being held on $ 10 million bail .  about 12,000 residences and 9,000 other minor structures remain threatened .  the 76,376-acre fire is only 10 % containe .
 un report : syrian forces commit 'gross violations ' of human rights <sec> the commission says it interviewed witnesses , but was not allowed into syria .  its report says syrian security forces have committed `` gross violations of human rights '' .  syria 's foreign minister says the country 's military is protecting civilian .
 had a flu shot ? you 'll be ok -- maybe <sec> new : vaccine is about 62 % effective , cdc director says .  getting the flu vaccine is n't a guarantee that you 'll be healthy .  the most common flu strain this season is a match with the vaccine .  but even if it does n't stop illness , it can stop some symptoms , dr. bill schaffner say .
 mega churches mean big business <sec> each mega church on average brings in $ 6.5 million each year .  mega churches are most popular with evangelical christians .  these churches can hold up to 15,000 people in one service .  joel osteen is one of the world 's most famous evangelical pastor .
 british lions bare teeth to maul barbarians in tour opener <sec> british and irish lions begin tour with a 59-8 win against barbarians in hong kong .  lions score eight tries against the international selection ahead of trip to australia .  coach warren gatland : `` i was genuinely very , very pleased with that . .  it was tough . '' .  stand-in captain paul o'connell opened the try scoring for the lion .
 'true blood ' finale : stakes are higher than ever <sec> `` true blood '' ends seven-season run on sunday .  viewers wonder if cure for lethal hep-v will be found .  many characters have paired off : will relationships stick ? .  sookie stackhouse has been at center of many concern .
 imf head held in virtual isolation on rikers island <sec> dominique strauss-kahn is in protective custody in rikers island .  the site actually has 10 different units .  strauss-kahn is in an 11-by-13-foot cell .  he must use his commissary account to buy phone calls and snack .
