 white house blasts democrats for delaying funding for veterans care <sec> white house accuses democrats of holding hostage funding for veterans care .  funding was attached to large health-labor-education bill .  white house says it wants a clean bill that only funds veterans programs .  democrats call on white house to engage in a dialogue on spending level .
 airlines monitoring radiation , making adjustments to flights in japan <sec> lufthansa and alitalia have moved japan departures and arrivals out of tokyo .  american airlines continues to operate its normal schedule in tokyo .  faa , other agencies and regulators are in close contact with airlines , japanese officials .  u.s. customs : no aircraft entering u.s. today found to have `` radiation at harmful levels .
 cnn student news transcript : april 5 , 2011 <sec> five suspected terrorists are headed for military trials at guantanamo bay .  concerns about contaminated products are reaching far beyond japan 's borders .  americans pause to remember the day when dr. martin luther king jr. was assassinated .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 bijindo : the korean island where time stops <sec> off the southern tip of the korean peninsula , most signs of human life disappear .  bijindo is one of 99 islands in hallyeohaesang national marine park .  there 's only one road on the island and a lot of gorgeous , empty beache .
 this happened during the golden globes <sec> rambling speeches among most interesting golden globes moments .  hosts tina fey and amy poehler did not disappoin .
 jury strikes down patent troll 's claim to own the web <sec> eight-member texas jury deliberated for just a few hours before deciding .  eolas maintained its patents entitled the company to royalty payments .  dueling teams of lawyers have spent millions creating elaborate presentation .
 sudden lottery fortune no panacea <sec> jack whittaker of west virginia became a broken-down man after winning $ 314 million .  urooj khan died of cyanide poisoning after a $ 425,000 scratch-off win .  but georgian lee mcdaniel , who won $ 5 million in 2010 , says he 's yet to see a downside .  wealth manager advises his clients to keep a low profil .
 commentary : is mccain another george w. bush ? <sec> jack cafferty : mccain gives shallow answers at saddleback forum .  why is n't mccain grappling with the complex moral issues we face ? .  cafferty asks .  cafferty : we ca n't afford another president like george w. bush .  world is too complex to entrust to someone who lacks intellectual curiosity , he say .
 after storm , forecasters see smooth sailing for thanksgiving <sec> new : the worst of holiday travel fears fail to materialize .  new : `` tomorrow will be a quieter day , '' says cnn meteorologist .  fate of macy 's thanksgiving day parade balloons still up in the ai .
 hyperlocal apps help residents fight crime <sec> neighborhood watch associations add smartphones , social networking to arsenals .  the national sheriffs association is rolling out an app that uploads live video to police .  nextdoor is connecting neighbors , local police officers in non-emergency situation .
 chamber ad seeks to tie independent to obama <sec> republican sen. pat roberts is in a tough reelection fight with an independent candidate . .  the democrat dropped out of the race because the independent had a better shot at winning . .  republican leaning groups have rallied around roberts in an attempt to keep the seat .
 desert festival an oasis for sounds of the sahara <sec> `` festival au desert '' is held a few kilometers outside timbuktu , in mali .  the festival is inspired by the traditional gatherings of the region 's tuareg nomads .  u2 singer bono made a cameo appearance at this year 's festiva .
 is twitter 's breakneck growth causing a backlash ? <sec> twitter saw growth of more than 1,300 percent in the year up to february .  its swift growth has caused a backlash among some of the site 's early users .  other rally around the `` fail whale , '' an icon of the site 's shortcomings .  site users host parties in honor of the whale ; one even has a tattoo of the imag .
 sunrise to sunset in hong kong <sec> perveen crawford , hong kong 's first female pilot , shows us around her favorite spots .  for the best seafood try po toi o a small fishing village in the new territories .  the retro-chic china club in central hong kong serves traditional chinese foo .
 where 's the sex drive drug for women ? <sec> there is no fda-approved treatment for low female sexual desire .  flibanserin is a drug that showed positive results in clinical trials .  the fda has declined to approve this drug .  the drug 's promoters have appealed that decisio .
 uk orders 10,000 taser guns to arm police <sec> police officers across england and wales to armed with taser stun guns .  guns fire barbed darts charged with enough electricity to stun a person .  decision to roll out tasers across england and wales follows pilot program .  human rights group criticizes plan to use `` potentially lethal electrical weapons .
 eight killed in bombing in turkey <sec> the bombing occurred in a city in southeastern turkey .  the area is not usually known as site of terrorist attacks .  eight people died , 66 were injured in attac .
 sony presses console lead with exclusives , extras <sec> sony presses advantage with exclusive , early playstation 4 titles .  new `` little big planet , '' `` uncharted '' titles are on the way .  sony also announced streaming service , playstation tv .  a movie based on `` ratchet & clank '' is on the wa .
 'the michael j . fox show ' pulled from nbc schedule <sec> michael j . .  fox 's nbc show has been pulled from the network 's schedule .  only 15 of the 22 episodes have aired .  it 's unclear if or when the remaining episodes will air .  `` hollywood game night '' will take its plac .
 virtual reality movies will dominate sundance in 2015 <sec> 2015 's sundance film festival will feature nine virtual reality installations .  the art will be a part of its new frontier program , which explores innovation in the field .  virtual reality is become integrated into our film experiences in a more intriguing manner than ever befor .
 occupy movement a year old <sec> new : police said there were no arrests sunday , but about 40 on saturday .  the occupy movement spread from new york to many cities .  the group 's ire has been directed at the `` 1 percent '' of societ .
 controversy swirls over handling of benghazi suspect <sec> new : official : abu khatallah denied involvement but gave info on others .  abu khatallah gave information before and after he was told his miranda rights .  sen. lindsey graham : mirandizing abu khatallah `` would be a mistake for the ages '' .  he is suspected of being the ringleader of the september 2012 attacks in benghazi , liby .
 military burns unsolicited bibles sent to afghanistan <sec> unsolicited bibles sent by u.s. church were confiscated about a year ago .  the bibles were printed in two most common afghan languages .  military feared they could be used for proselytizing , which is forbidden to troops .  military did n't want to risk any distribution of the bibles and angering muslim .
 10 little-known fields with great job opportunities <sec> u.s. news and world report does an annual `` best careers '' list .  this year 's list included 10 little-known jobs that have more opportunities .  the list includes positions like casting director and creative perfumist .  education required ranges from a bachelor degree to highly specialized trainin .
 official : dreamliner suffers 'minor ' setback <sec> japanese company blames issue on boeing .  boeing says it is aware of the issue , which was caused during maintenance .  both companies say it is not related to the battery issue that grounded dreamliner .
 one of gadhafi 's sons killed in nato airstrike , libyan official says <sec> a nato commander says that `` we do not target individuals '' .  a rebel spokesman doubts the claim of the death of the son .  a libyan spokesman calls the strike , which also killed several children , a `` war crime '' .  moammar gadhafi and his wife were in the house at the time but are in good healt .
 chilean volcano ash causes fresh disruption <sec> ash cloud from chilean volcano is affecting parts of pacific region .  two airlines cancel some flights between australia and new zealand .  the june 4 eruption has already impacted air trave .
 clinton to decide on 2016 around end of year - cnnpolitics.com <sec> clinton says she 'll decide on candidacy `` around , probably after the first of the year '' .  former first lady has `` a very clear vision with an agenda of what i think needs to be done '' .  clinton has stepped up her political activity ahead of midterm elections .  she did a robocall ad for new york gov . .  andrew cuomo and his running mat .
 obama announces new education initiative led by corporate ceos <sec> the change the equation initiative involves 100 ceos .  it focuses on education in science , technology , engineering and math .  better math and science education now is vital for future success , obama say .
 texas man gets 20 years for trying to contact al qaeda <sec> barry bujol had been messaging an informant he thought was an al qaeda recruiter .  prosecutors said he had suggested attacking u.s. drone controllers .  he acted as his own lawyer in a non-jury tria .
 fidel castro stretches for a commentary topic -- yoga <sec> since his illness , castro has written regular `` reflection '' newspaper commentaries .  his topics have ranged from former leaders to plants .  tuesday 's topic : yoga .  `` yoga does things with the human body that defy the imagination , '' castro wrot .
 impeachment : do n't use it as partisan weapon ( opinion ) <sec> republicans raise prospect of impeachment and dems use it for fundraising .  julian zelizer : both parties are using a serious process as a partisan tool .  he says there 's no serious case to be made against president obama for impeachment .  zelizer : 40 years ago , the u.s. saw how the watergate case made impeachment very relevan .
 luxury hotel symbolizes afghan fragility <sec> the intercontinental hotel has entertained diplomats and come under taliban attack .  one of the hardest lessons of the past decade is the failure of the international community to step up .  president karzai 's weaknesses have also limited what can be achieved in the country .  kabul enjoys a veneer of security but the rest of the country is open to taliban violenc .
 drug cartel behind mexican journalists ' kidnapping , official says <sec> mexican official says sinaloa cartel was likely behind the kidnapping .  police rescue two of the four kidnapped journalists .  another reporter was released last week .  the journalists were kidnapped while covering a prison protes .
 two police officials arrested in bhutto assassination <sec> two police officials are accused of security breaches and covering up evidence .  former prime minister benazir bhutto of pakistan assassinated in december 2007 .  officials said bhutto 's husband ordered them not to conduct a port-mortem exa .
 rep. jackson being treated for bipolar depression , clinic says <sec> rep. jesse jackson jr. is undergoing treatment at the mayo clinic .  jackson 's wife recently said he was suffering from depression .  jackson has not been on capitol hill since ma .
 flight 447 crash probe also to include look at air france-klm <sec> new : air france-klm also being investigated .  air france flight 447 mysteriously crashed in the atlantic ocean in 2009 .  all 228 people aboard were killed .  plane manufacturer airbus is now being investigated by a french magistrat .
 how streetwise intervention cuts crime <sec> tard carter is baltimore outreach worker who helps settle street disputes .  daniel webster says programs like `` safe streets '' are effective in cutting gun violence .  such initiatives , including chicago 's `` ceasefire , '' complement policing , he says .  webster : recent federal cuts will hurt programs ' ability to curb street violenc .
 ukraine crisis : who will blink first , vladimir putin or the west ? <sec> russia and the west locked in match of wits over eastern ukraine .  russia moved thousands of troops to border and is accused of stirring unrest in east ukraine .  speck : west must unite to pass severe sanctions on russian regime .  speck : ukrainian government attempt to retake buildings could spark russian invasio .
 gun parts found in boy 's stuffed animals at rhode island airport <sec> gun parts were inside a teddy bear , a rabbit and a mickey mouse toy , the tsa says .  a 4-year-old boy had the animals inside a carry-on bag .  his father says he did n't know the gun parts were in the animals , the tsa says .  incident appears related to a domestic dispute , police chief say .
 florida a & m ; president keeps band on suspension <sec> new : band member to accept plea deal in another hazing case , lawyer says .  the suspension will remain in effect for the 2012-2013 academic year .  famu drum major robert champion died after a november hazing incident .  thirteen people have been charged in his deat .
 where do allergies come from ? <sec> up to 50 million americans have some kind of allergy .  scientists do n't know yet what causes a sensitivity .  environment , genetics , even the way you were born could play a rol .
 turkey 's ruling party decisively wins 3rd term in office <sec> new : 10 are hurt in postelection blast .  prime minister 's party wins 49.9 % of parliamentary votes in final count .  but two-thirds vote was needed to unilaterally rewrite constitution .  strongest kurdish party captures 10 more seat .
 toxic cloud passes , residents allowed home <sec> new : environmental official says area surveyed , no traces of chemical remain .  toxic cloud forms saturday after chemical leak at pennsylvania plant .  three residents taken to hospital ; extent of injuries not know .
 opinion : nsa scandal highlights obama 's unfulfilled promise <sec> julian zelizer : barack obama promised to reverse george w. bush 's unilateral approach .  he says by sticking with bush 's policies , obama has disappointed allies , friends .  zelizer : obama needs to make good on his promise to have u.s. work better with the worl .
 daughter snatched from hospital reunited with mom 23 years later <sec> carlina white was abducted in 1987 from a hospital room .  girl told authorities she had felt she was raised by a family to which she did not belong .  she did internet search recently and found information on her abduction cas .
 osama bin laden 'demon ' action figure set for auction <sec> auction will sell a rare osama bin laden action figure starting on nov. 20 .  the prototype is one of three that was considered by the cia .  the doll was made to scare young families away from the al qaeda leader .  the prototype was developed by donald levine , the creator of g.i . .  jo .
 full-body scanners improve security , tsa says <sec> 60 `` artfully concealed '' illegal or prohibited items discovered in past year , tsa says .  no explosives have been detected by the machines .  found items include drugs , knife , bottle of lotion bigger than allowe .
 water safety expert : 'drowning does n't just happen ' <sec> recent teen death in florida has experts concerned about water safety .  ten people die every day from unintentional drowning in the united states .  approximately 35 % of americans know how to swim , expert says .  one of the most subtle forms of drowning is called `` shallow water blackout .
 driver drops bid to sue family of boy he killed <sec> spaniard withdraws lawsuit against the family of a boy he struck and killed .  tomas delgado had filed a suit , saying collision had also damaged his car .  news of the case sparked outrage in spain and deep sympathy for the parent .
 biden urges men to be part of fight against campus rape <sec> biden speaks at white house event on college sex assaults .  new psa features president obama , biden and hollywood men speaking out .  biden : in my neighborhood you 'kick the crap ' out of men who abuse wome .
 ancient african coins that could change history of australia <sec> african coins dating back to 1100s found in remote part of australia .  coins were minted in powerful african city state of kilwa , in modern-day tanzania .  australian professor leading an expedition to discover how they got ther .
 5 reasons underdogs win in the workplace <sec> anna akbari thinks that being an underdog has shaped her character and career .  in his new book , malcolm gladwell argues that people can experience 'desirable difficulties ' .  akbari lists the ways in which being an underdog can help you succee .
 tear gas , stun grenades , fire : chaos overtakes istanbul protests <sec> new : the u.s. is `` concerned '' about what 's happening in turkey , spokeswoman says .  clashes between police , protesters in istanbul follow days of political unrest .  `` we want to be heard , respected , '' a demonstrator says .  police fire tear gas , clear protesters ' barricades in the capital of ankar .
 'slightly elevated ' radiation levels at new mexico disposal plant <sec> department of energy releases data after a february 14 leak at the plant outside carlsbad .  the incident occurred about four-tenths of a mile below the surface of the ground .  doe : `` concentrations remain well below a level of public or environmental hazard .
 speed 's death may forever remain a mystery , says agent <sec> wales manager gary speed was found dead at his home on sunday .  speed enjoyed a long playing career making 535 english premier league appearances .  he took charge of the welsh national side last year and was credited with a recent revival .  speed 's agent and friend tells cnn he may never know why speed took his own lif .
 report on coal fields creates fresh furor for indian government <sec> an audit found billions in lost revenue from coal field allocations , says indian paper .  the auditor says the newspaper report is `` exceedingly misleading '' .  the government has already been damaged by a cell phone license scandal .  `` this is the worst scam , '' says an opposition leade .
 meet poland 's hero pilot <sec> pilot who executed a textbook belly landing in poland is being hailed as national hero .  tadeusz wrona has worked for lot polish airlines for 20 years .  `` i finally felt full relief only when the purser reported that the cabin was empty , '' he says .  wrona says he 's flown the boeing 767 about 500 times and never had any troubl .
 veteran diplomat mistura tapped as u.n. 's syria envoy <sec> new : opposition official : we hope de mistura can convince syrian government to negotiate .  secretary-general ban ki-moon appoints staffan de mistura as his syria envoy .  it 's the same position formerly held by kofi annan and lakhdar brahimi .  de mistura is a u.n. veteran , having worked in iraq , afghanistan and elsewher .
 amanda knox 's murder trial resumes in italy <sec> knox accused of killing her flatmate , british student meredith kercher .  told court in june she was not in the villa the night her roommate died .  prosecutors say evidence places knox and raffaele sollecito at the scene .  knox and ex-boyfriend sollecito also facing charges of sexual assaul .
 bring us your unused prescription drugs , dea says <sec> drug enforcement agency launches national prescription drug take-back day .  it aims to get rid of drugs safely and prevent pill abuse and theft .  prescription drug abuse is the nation 's fastest-growing drug proble .
 bin laden son loses asylum plea <sec> official : spain denies asylum to omar bin laden .  spain did not give a reason for turning down the asylum appeal .  he has publicly called on his father to abandon terrorism .  he was previously denied asylum in britai .
 gaza war : the terrifying truth ( opinion ) <sec> cease-fire fails in gaza after less than two hours .  aaron miller : the latest events demonstrate that this conflict is very different from earlier ones .  both sides lack the urgency to make concessions needed for a lasting peace , he says .  miller : iron dome has given israel more room to fight ; hamas is going all-out for unlikely victor .
 bush email hacking a wake up call <sec> bush family e-mails were hacked , private contents posted online .  chris wolf : many offended , some amused , but all concerned about privacy .  wolf : users have options already established to protect private information .  wolf : use password for wifi , use two-step verification for e-mai .
