 bryan brothers beat the 'woodies ' career title record <sec> bob and mike bryan set new record with 62nd career victory at atp event in la .  bryans had been tied with todd woodbridge and mark woodforde since may .  mark woodforde watched the bryans set new record at farmers classic .  bryans are 32-year-old identical twins who have won eight grand slam title .
 lincoln wins : honest abe tops new presidential survey <sec> 65 historians ranked former presidents on various leadership qualities .  abraham lincoln ranked highest , as he did in similar survey done in 2000 .  james buchanan , who watched as nation lurched toward civil war , came in last .  george w. bush ranks 36th among the 42 former president .
 american athletes find fans playing for mexican teams <sec> basketball draws excitement south of the border .  teams in mexican leagues are allowed 3 foreigners on the roster .  season lasts 4 months ; some players also belong to european team .
 obama on isis : expect 'long-term campaign ' <sec> defense chiefs from 22 nations met at air base outside washington .  president obama joined the group for the private meetin .
 national zoo panda cub : it 's a girl ! <sec> new : the new panda cub is a female .  new : the father of the cub born last month is tian tian .  giant pandas are one of the world 's most endangered specie .
 in the waters between u.s. and cuba lies a long history <sec> the united states helped cuba win independence from spain in 1898 .  the new republic of cuba allows the u.s. naval base in guantanamo in 1903 .  u.s. comes to brink of nuclear war with cuba and soviet union in 1962 .  a custody battle over elian gonzalez becomes an international incident in 199 .
 all blacks beat france to level test series <sec> the new zealand all blacks defeat france 14-10 in wellington to level series .  tourists france won the opening test match 27-22 in dunedin last weekend .  a much-changed australian side defeats italy 34-12 in melbourne on saturda .
 oil spill , world cup among yahoo 's most searched terms <sec> the search engine compiles its list from user search terms .  celebrities dominate the top 10 .  the world cup is held every four year .
 zsa zsa gabor 's leg amputated <sec> gabor 's right leg was amputated above the knee .  the 93-year-old actress `` seemed to tolerate it well '' .  doctors are `` guarded '' about gabor 's recovery .  gabor 's daughter said doctors are not talking to he .
 tracking a killer : cell phones aid pioneering malaria study in kenya <sec> researchers use cell phone data to track movement of about 15 million people .  using data on malaria prevalence , they can see how human travel contributes to its spread .  many nairobi residents carry the malaria parasite back with them after traveling elsewhere .  a child dies every minute in africa because of malari .
 saving space with cemeteries in the sky <sec> israel is joining other population-dense areas to build `` vertical cemeteries '' .  jewish law does n't allow for cremation .  china , india , brazil also use this kind of buria .
 all clear given after pemex headquarters evacuation <sec> pemex is mexico 's powerful and much-criticized state oil monopoly . .  an explosion at pemex headquarters in february killed 37 people .  thousands of people work at the company 's headquarter .
 dogs in fatal attack rounded up , euthanized <sec> dogs attacked woman , husband who tried to help her , georgia authorities say .  sixteen animals euthanized ; couple 's pets to be adopted at same shelter .  pack instincts make untamed dogs dangerous , expert says .  spaying and neutering of pets might have prevented tragedy , shelter director say .
 historic ship cutty sark rises from ashes after $ 81 million restoration <sec> the cutty sark will reopen to the public in london this week .  $ 81 million has been spent restoring the historic ship .  the queen and prince phillip will give the vessel their royal blessin .
 'queen of soul ' not pleased with performance at inauguration <sec> aretha franklin : cold weather affected rendition of `` my country 't is of thee '' .  franklin on obama presidency : `` it 's the age of barack '' .  franklin says she bought much-talked-about inauguration hat at detroit milliner .
 haiti earthquake : friday news updates <sec> watch anderson cooper report live from haiti on friday at 10 p.m . .  et .  read twitter feeds to stay update on the latest in haiti .  read cnn 's complete special coverage of the latest developments in hait .
 kurt fearnley : from death 's door to golden gladiator <sec> kurt fearnley is one of the world 's most successful wheelchair racers .  he has overcome physical limitations caused by rare spinal condition .  australian has crawled kokoda trail and crewed in testing yacht race .  he is seeking to regain his marathon crown at 2016 paralympic .
 prosecutor : ex-harvard student pleads not guilty to faking credentials <sec> new : ex-harvard student pleads not guilty to 20 counts in fraud , plagiarism case .  adam wheeler , 23 , charged with larceny , pretending to hold a degree .  wheeler won two harvard prizes with plagiarized work , prosecutor says .  wheeler accused of stealing more than $ 45,000 in grants , financial ai .
 9/11 responders bill defeated by senate gop filibuster <sec> motion for cloture falls three votes short of ending gop filibuster .  republicans oppose the $ 7.4 billion cost ; supporters hope to revive the measure .  bill would provide medical benefits , compensation for 9/11 first responders .  nyc mayor bloomberg calls it an `` example of partisan politics trumping patriotism .
 america 's cup boat design shrouded in mystery <sec> next america 's cup to be decided between alinghi and oracle in february .  regatta will be contested in multi-hull boats -- trimarans or catamarans .  u.s. team oracle revealed its design of a 90 ft boat last year .  cnn 's mainsail tries to get a sneak preview of the as yet unseen alinghi boa .
 obama , advisers meet on afghanistan <sec> new : white house makes no statement after meeting ended .  obama will not announce decision until at least next week .  meeting included biden , gates , mullen , mcchrystal , eikenberry , white house says .  obama wanted clarification on how , when u.s. troops would turn over responsibilit .
 ex-steelers doctor prescribed steroids , prosecutors say <sec> dr. richard a. rydze , 62 , faces a 185-count indictment for allegedly dispensing the drugs .  two other men -- william zipf , 56 , and james hatzimbes , 42 -- are accused of related conduct .  the veteran football doctor told espn that the practice never involved steelers team members .  he said the `` whole thing got way overblown .
 poll : most saudis oppose al qaeda <sec> survey : 10 percent of saudis polled have a favorable view of al qaeda .  poll interviewing 1,004 saudis says most are opposed to peace with israel .  the numbers reflect a more positive feeling toward the u.s. than pakistan has .  15 of the 19 september 11 , 2001 , hijackers were saudi national .
 bolivia nationalizes bp subsidiary <sec> bolivian president evo morales nationalizes chaco petroleum company .  morales guarantees petroleum workers that their jobs will be safe .  military on standby in nationalization of bp subsidiary .  move comes 48 hours before bolivian vote on new constitutio .
 'brother , hang tight , ' wounded new york firefighter told as two colleagues lay dead <sec> new : cousin says system failed by letting killer out of prison .  wounded new york firefighters make 'small steps ' toward recovery .  doctor : wounded firefighters are `` convalescing and doing as well as i would expect at this stage '' .  funerals are sunday and monday for two firefighters killed by a snipe .
 cnn student news - december 17 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 senate halts 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' repeal <sec> new : mccain accuses democrats of cynical stance on defense bill .  new : durbin says republicans wanted to kill immigration provision .  defense bill that would repeal the `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' military policy is blocked .  white house disappointed but says `` we 'll keep trying .
 petraeus scandal figure to lose 'honorary consul ' title , south korean official says <sec> a south korean official says jill kelley 's use of her honorary title was `` not suitable '' .  a new york businessman accused her of using that designation to solicit business .  kelley 's complaint about harassing e-mails led to the resignation of cia chief david petraeu .
 nepal : 17 trekkers killed in the himalayas <sec> new : five people are missing after an avalanche near mount dhaulagiri , police say .  12 trekkers died in the popular annapurna region , near the highest point of a 21-day trek .  the victims include 2 poles , an israeli and a nepali ; 8 more are buried under snow .  five more trekkers -- four canadians and an indian -- died in remote manang distric .
 congo declares days of mourning after deadly tanker blast <sec> at least 232 killed by tanker explosion in democratic republic of the congo .  oil tanker blew up while overtaking a bus .  most victims had been watching the world cup in a nearby bar .  flags to be lowered around the countr .
 ebola outbreak : get up to speed <sec> spain creates a committee to tackle the ebola crisis .  spokesman : us airways followed cdc guidelines after health scare on dominican flight .  after negative test , texas sheriff 's deputy is discharged .  hotel closed in macedonia after sudden death , ministry say .
 world cup : colombia remembers escobar ahead of brazil <sec> colombia faces hosts brazil on friday in its first ever world cup quarterfinal .  match comes 20 years after the murder of colombian defender andres escobar .  escobar was gunned down days after colombia had exited the 1994 world cup .  the 27-year-old had scored an own goal in a defeat to the usa during the competitio .
 medical examiner says ike turner died of cocaine overdose <sec> ike turner died december 12 at age 76 .  musician , wife tina known for blues , soul , funk music .  he and tina performed with ikettes in 1960s , 1970s .  their hits included `` proud mary '' and `` i want to take you higher .
 fbi angers politician whose image was used to show older bin laden <sec> fbi used photo of spanish politician to depict older osama bin laden .  u.s. embassy spokesman has apologized to gaspar llamazares for the `` completely unintentional '' error .  llamazares ' hairline and wrinkles were transposed onto an image of the al qaeda leader .  politician says he hopes it was just a case of `` incompetence .
 poll : americans have little trust in russia - cnnpolitics.com <sec> 73 % say they do n't think russia can be trusted to uphold terms of ukraine ceasefire agreement .  fewer americans are concerned with the situation in ukraine now than they were in ma .
 china moves to protect endangered species <sec> illegal wildlife trade fourth most lucrative in the world , behind human trafficking .  eating endangered species is now a criminal offense in china , punishable by 10 years in jail .  consumers are just one part of the problem , says conservationis .
 presbyterians dump companies they say are tied to palestinian occupation <sec> in a 310-303 vote , the church decides to pull $ 21 million in investments .  it is divesting from caterpillar , hewlett-packard and motorola solutions .  jewish groups , and some presbyterians , condemn the decision .  the church is keeping other investments in israel , while investing in palestinian territories , to .
 rep. trey radel to take leave of absence , donate salary to charity <sec> `` i have no excuse for what i have done , '' radel says .  he says he grew up with a mom who struggled with alcoholism .  he pleads guilty to misdemeanor cocaine possession , gets a year of probation .  authorities say he bought 3.5 grams of cocaine from an undercover officer last mont .
 dad raped daughters for 27 years <sec> dad in uk sentenced to life in jail for subjecting daughters to rapes over 27 years .  rapes resulted in 19 pregnancies , nine births , seven children .  surviving children suffer genetic disorders .  judge questions why social workers , professionals did not find out about cas .
 fugitive in florida 's biggest gold heist captured <sec> over 100 pounds of gold was taken , worth $ 2.6 million .  he was allegedly wearing an ankle monitor .  belize authorities found him crawling through bushes on the border with guatemal .
 barcelona stroll into champions semifinals <sec> seydou keita wrecks bayern munich comeback bid as barcelona progress .  barcelona led champions league tie 4-0 from first leg and won 5-1 on agg .  spanish giants now face chelsea at nou camp in semifinal first leg clas .
 confirmed cases of h1n1 virus approach 900 <sec> who has confirmed 898 cases of h1n1 virus worldwide .  mexico says illness declining there ; who warns it could return .  mexico has largest number of confirmed cases , followed by u.s. , who says .  canadian officials claim pigs at farm have been affected by viru .
 callejon fires late winner for real madrid <sec> real madrid come from behind to beat mallorca 2-1 .  win extends lead at top of la liga to eight points .  title rivals barcelona play real betis on sunday .  serie a fixture between catania and roma abandoned due to waterlogged pitc .
 'nigeria 's mark zuckerberg ' puts tech into higher learning <sec> gossy ukanwoke has created nigeria 's first private online university .  called beni american university , the institution has some 200 students .  courses offered include global marketing and leadership and managemen .
 gonzales aides politicized hirings , investigators find <sec> new : ex-aide 's lawyers reject congressman 's suggestion that she may have lied .  new : current attorney general calls report `` disturbing '' .  report : ex-attorney general alberto gonzales was unaware of politicized hirings .  violations were civil in nature , not criminal , according to repor .
 rooney goal puts manchester united top of english premier league <sec> manchester united beat fulham 1-0 at old trafford .  victory takes united top of the english premier league .  first half goal by wayne rooney enough to seal three points .  sevilla beat granada 3-0 in spain 's la lig .
 tsa stands by officers after pat-down of elderly woman in florida <sec> a 95-year-old woman was held up by tsa officers at a florida airport , her daughter says .  the agents forced the cancer-stricken woman to take off her adult diaper , she adds .  the tsa insists its officers `` acted professionally and according to proper procedure '' .  the woman 's daughter says those procedures should be change .
 liz taylor 'love nest ' trailer trashed during filming of lindsay lohan movie <sec> in 1963 , fox studios spent more than $ 75,000 on the dressing room .  liz taylor fan angel alger bought the lavishly-decorated trailer for $ 50,000 in june .  alger estimates $ 100,000 in damage to the trailer during filming of lindsay lohan 's movie .  `` this has nothing to do with lindsay , '' lohan 's spokesman say .
 where are nigeria 's missing girls ? on the hunt for boko haram <sec> cnn 's arwa damon travels to the niger-nigeria border in search of boko haram .  islamist militant group has terrorized nigeria 's northeastern borno state in recent years .  group abducted nearly 300 schoolgirls in borno in april ; officials are still searching for them .  thousands of nigerians have fled across the border with niger to avoid the violenc .
 judge denies strauss-kahn immunity claim <sec> a motion to dismiss the case was denied .  dominique strauss-kahn was head of the international money fund .  criminal charges that he assaulted a new york hotel housekeeper were dropped .  but the housekeeper filed a civil sui .
 official : four held in cartel revenge killing <sec> new : two of the arrested were responsible for payout ; two acted as lookouts , official says .  four family members of 3rd petty officer melquisedet angulo cordova were killed .  tabasco attorney general says slayings were an act of revenge carried out by los zetas .  cordova was killed in the shootout that resulted in the death of arturo beltran leyv .
 a one-way ticket to mars , apply now <sec> mars one wants to fly people to mars and leave them there to live .  every two years , a new crew would join them .  there is no return flight ; you die there .  some of it is media hype , but some is not , a source say .
 2011 : the year of nostalgia <sec> this year reacquainted us with plenty of '90s hits .  at the box office , 1994 's `` the lion king '' was re-released in 3-d in september .  nickelodeon 's teennick launched its '90s programming block in response to consumer demand .  it seems that while the kids have grown up , a lot of the culture that surrounds them hasn ' .
 jackson apologizes for 'crude ' obama remarks <sec> new : jackson 's son criticizes him for remarks .  the rev . .  jesse jackson says he made `` crude and hurtful '' remarks about obama .  jackson : `` hot '' mic caught conversation with a guest on a tv show .  jackson said obama was `` talking down to black people .
 texas fertilizer plant fell through 'patchwork ' of safety rules <sec> west fertilizer did n't have to have fireproof bins or sprinklers , investigator says .  the plant blew up in april , killing 15 and devastating a small texas town .  senator presses the epa to do more ; epa says it 's studying the issu .
 alex trebek suffers mild heart attack <sec> trebek , 71 , checked into cedars-sinai medical center in los angeles saturday .  the `` jeopardy ! '' .  host `` is in good spirits , '' a sony tv spokeswoman says .  the show won the best game show emmy at the daytime emmy awards saturda .
 thailand , cambodia trade shots , charges over ancient temple <sec> a thai official tells state-run media that seven are hurt sunday in clashes with cambodia .  the dispute centers around an ancient temple in cambodia , along the thai border .  heads of the u.n. and asean have urged thai and cambodia to resolve it via talk .
 twitter and amex to let you pay with a hashtag <sec> twitter and american express team up to let cardholders buy products with a hashtag .  the discounted goods will require two tweets and then ship to your billing address .  american express already has discounts on facebook and other networks via hashtag .
 louisiana well emitting oil , gas after vessel strike <sec> new : spokesman for louisiana governor says the well was abandoned , declared `` orphaned '' .  a tug struck an oil well while dragging a barge in barataria waterway .  the incident caused the well to release oil and natural gas .  response crews are taking advantage of `` significant resources '' already in the are .
 pakistan denies embassy bomb accusation <sec> u.s. intelligence points to pakistan agents involved in attack on indian embassy .  pakistan denies its spy agency helped plan bombing that killed 58 .  maj. gen. athar abbas said the report was an `` effort to malign the isi '' .  india and afghanistan both accuse pakistan of role in the attac .
 failed north korean rocket boosts chance of nuclear test , analyst says <sec> north korea 's rocket launch failure increases chance of nuclear test , analyst said .  unha-3 broke up soon after launch , debris crashed into ocean , officials said .  launch was meant to mark 100 years since the birth of kim il-sung .  a nuclear test would also fit north korea 's pattern of serial provocations , analysts sai .
 tasers under scrutiny after claims of death and injury <sec> man claims taser brought on cardiac arrest that starved his brain of oxygen .  lawyers say taser-funded research shows heart risk from taser strikes .  taser international insists no link between taser and cardiac arrest .  more on the dangers tasers may pose on tonight 's `` campbell brown '' , cnn 8pm e .
 iraqi prime minister weighs possible extension of u.s. forces <sec> iraqi prime minister nuri al-maliki to meet with iraqi political leaders to get their views .  `` this is a big national issue , and it needs a national consensus , '' al-maliki says .  al-maliki declined to give his personal viewpoint to reporters .  about 46,000 u.s. troops in iraq now , down from a peak of 171,000 in 200 .
 hong kong protests : can talks end stalemate ? <sec> student leaders will meet with hong kong government representatives on tuesday evening .  it 's the first time the two sides have met since pro-democracy protesters took to the streets .  talks best chance for peaceful end to protests that have convulsed the city .  however , few expect major concessions .
