 how ethiopian scientist unearthed 'world 's oldest child ' <sec> ethiopian zeray alemseged discovered the fossil known as `` the world 's oldest child '' .  the skeletal remains belonged to a three-year-old girl who died 3.3 million years ago .  alemseged , who made the discovery in ethiopia in 2000 , named the fossil selam .  today alemseged is the director of anthropology at the california academy of science .
 google bus stunt reveals tensions in san francisco <sec> a staged protest of private buses brings attention to income inequality .  many bay area tech companies offer private bus rides to employees as a perk .  critics says the buses block traffic and deprive public transportation of income .  well-paid tech workers have also contributed to the soaring cost of living in san francisc .
 why are we still watching awards shows ? <sec> about 16.8 million people tuned into the golden globes on sunday .  the media was notably underwhelmed by the awards show .  social media has amplified viewers ' desires to watch awards shows liv .
 indonesians lose right to directly elect governors <sec> new : indonesia 's parliament votes to strip the right to directly elect local leaders .  critics say it is a retrograde move ; backers say democracy has become too expensive .  the move was backed by the coalition that backed the losing presidential candidat .
 red bull clear the air after turkey collision <sec> red bull clear the air after collision between mark webber and sebastian vettel .  webber was leading turkish gp when his teammate tried to overtake .  both drivers blamed each other after the race in turke .
 sumatra quake reveals new seismic information <sec> sumatra quake the largest of its type ever recorded .  the 8.6 scale strike-slip earthquake has given new insights for seismologists .  the quake was so large it extended beyond the earth 's crust to the mantle .  he said the quake has increased the stress on the plates in the are .
 rebel march continues in eastern congo <sec> new : regional leaders call for m23 rebels to halt their campaign .  m23 wants to topple the government , which is supported by the united nations .  uganda hosts a regional summit saturday to address the fighting .  oxfam warns of `` the humanitarian crisis reaching new depths .
 gary coleman funeral plan 'pending ' as executor takes over <sec> executor says ex-wife has no authority on coleman matters .  coleman funeral plans `` pending '' .  coleman parents drop bid for son 's remains .  sue and willie coleman reviewed coleman 's will before making decision .  coleman 's remains currently at sandy , utah , mortuar .
 pilot 's body recovered from hudson river crash site <sec> new : crews recover the pilot 's body from the hudson river , the faa says .  new : the next step is to remove the rest of the plane from the water , the faa says .  the vintage military jet crashed saturday near ulster , new yor .
 fsu hearing clears quarterback jameis winston <sec> a school panel does not discipline jameis winston .  the independent hearing officer rules that there is insufficient evidence .  the attorney for the woman who accused winston of rape says he feels `` duped .
 could you survive an extreme weather disaster ? <sec> noaa : a record 14 climate disasters in 2011 caused $ 1 billion or more in damage .  official says conditions are prime for more extreme weather disasters .  weather service director : doubling efforts to be a `` weather-ready nation .
 why isis 's treatment of yazidi women is genocide <sec> thousands of yazidi women are believed to have been abducted by jihadists in iraq .  as captives , they are subjected to physical and sexual violence and forced to convert to islam .  yazidis ' horrific treatment at the hands of jihadists must be treated as genocide : begikhani .  begikhani says the international community must investigate and collect evidenc .
 rejecting radical islam -- one man 's journey <sec> man says he became radical muslim during college a decade ago .  `` ideas that i once thought unthinkable ... seemed like good ideas to me '' .  oregon group he worked for has since been shut down by the government .  organization maintains it 's a charity , seeks to have name cleare .
 investigation launched into wheldon 's fatal crash <sec> public memorial service for wheldon will be held sunday .  indycar launches a formal investigation into sunday 's fatal accident .  the two-time indy 500 winner was testing a safer indycar in the weeks before his death .  fellow driver dario franchitti says the las vegas speedway is `` not a suitable track .
 stunning photos show africa through african eyes <sec> ibm photo competition looked at africa 's challenges and opportunities .  1,200 submissions captured everyday africa .  ibm will use watson computer to help develop ideas to spur development in afric .
 obama attends transfer of service members ' remains from downed copter <sec> new : all the remains are `` unidentifiable '' for now , an official says .  president obama pays his respects and visits with family members .  sources say defense secretary panetta is asked not to identify slain seals .  the remains of the 38 u.s. and afghan personnel killed arrive in delawar .
 panetta doubtful over iranian drone claim <sec> new : `` i would seriously question their ability to do what they say they have done , '' panetta says .  tehran bragged about seizing unmanned u.s. drone aircraft in december .  months later , iranian senior military officials declare they have extracted data from it .  the drone 's data reveal that it flew over bin laden 's hideout , a military official say .
 states unleash goats to keep grass trimmed <sec> maryland uses 40 goats to `` mow '' grass along highways .  animals are reducing carbon footprint without hurting threatened turtles .  new york and colorado also use goats to trim gras .
 israel donates 300 copies of anne frank books to tokyo libraries <sec> an israeli embassy official presents 300 anne frank books to tokyo libraries .  the libraries reported vandalism targeting copies of famous holocaust account .  officials say at least 308 copies of the book have been damaged since january .  police are investigating the situatio .
 2 new york residents charged with aiding terrorists in afghanistan <sec> pakistani national and u.s. naturalized citizen accused of plan to aid terrorists .  humayoun ghoulan nabi and ismail alsarabbi face seven years behind bars .  nabi admitted to doing it because he hates the u.s. , jewish people and u.s. soldiers .  queen 's district attorney compares these supplies to `` bullets and bombs .
 cowgirl uses horses to motivate at-risk kids <sec> patricia kelly 's nonprofit is teaching horseback riding and animal science to children .  the nonprofit is giving at-risk youth an alternative to the streets .  kelly : `` we use horses as a hook to create pride , esteem and healing .
 uk military health care worker tests positive for ebola <sec> spokesperson : experts are investigating how the uk military health care worker got ebola .  it is being decided if the military worker infected in sierra leone will return to england .  there have been some 24,000 reported cases and 10,000 deaths in the latest ebola outbrea .
 france weighs skinny model ban <sec> french lawmakers are considering measures setting limits for how thin models can be .  `` we want to combat the idea that an agency could urge a model to stop eating , '' lawmaker says .  spain , italy and israel have passed similar measure .
 gisele bundchen walks in her last runway show <sec> gisele bundchen walked the runway for the last time wednesday night in brazil .  the supermodel announced her retirement from runway modeling over the weekend .  she plans to continue working in other facets of the industr .
 hong kong banker back in court over alleged murders <sec> hong kong banker alleged murder case adjourned until may .  the 29-year-old rurik jutting is accused of killing two indonesian domestic worker .
 5 reported dead after earthquake hits southwest china <sec> the death toll rises to five , the number of injured to 54 , state media report .  the quake hit a mountainous area of sichuan province .  it causes stampede at a primary school that left students hurt .  authorities are still trying to assess the extent of the casualties and damag .
 boy , 15 , pens viral letter about emma watson speech <sec> schoolboy in uk writes letter defending emma watson 's speech at the un .  letter goes viral after being published in london newspaper .  ed holtom : `` we 're lucky to live in a western world where women can speak out .
 mountain town struggles after devastating layoffs <sec> spruce pine , n.c. , has lost 2,000 jobs in a county of about 15,600 residents .  some laid-off workers have retrained , only to lose their jobs again .  closed factory that employed thousands has become a food bank .  community leaders hope to revitalize economy by attracting tourist .
 boehner : house not with mccain on libya campaign <sec> new : speaker boehner says the house wo n't back the mccain/kerry resolution .  the house may consider a resolution limiting u.s. role to noncombat activities .  senators kerry and mccain introduce a resolution offering support for the libya mission .  pressure is mounting in the house to cut u.s. support for the nato-led missio .
 delta , american cancel flights to inspect planes <sec> new : delta cancelations only related to md-88 , not md-90s .  new : 275 delta flights were canceled thursday for safety inspections .  american airlines canceled 318 flights wednesday to inspect md-80 aircraft .  american cancels 132 of its estimated 2,300 flights scheduled for thursda .
 study : many defibrillator implants went to marginal candidates <sec> a federal health agency has a set of guidelines for evaluating implant candidates .  duke university study : more than 20 % of implant recipients were n't good candidates .  among those patients , the risk of dying in the hospital was significantly higher .  findings will have `` major implications , '' the president of a cardiologists ' group say .
 yelena isinbayeva : the russian queen of pole-vaulting <sec> world and olympic pole vault champion yelena isinbayeva dominates her sport .  has broken the world record 15 times since 2003 ; first woman to clear 5m .  media-friendly looks and talent have made her very bankable sports star .
 third undersea internet cable cut in mideast <sec> repairs to one mediterranean cable expected by february 12 .  cable reported cut friday off dubai in persian gulf .  extensive internet failure has affected much of asia , the middle east , north africa .  analysts say no chance of similar internet loss in united state .
 spain arrests 6 suspected of recruiting for terror groups <sec> arrests came in spanish enclave of melilla , on morocco 's north coast .  police : cell recruited , sent at least 24 moroccans , 2 spaniards to conflict zones .  march 11 marked 10th anniversary of madrid train bombings that killed 191 peopl .
 'orange is the new black ' season 2 : five things to expect <sec> `` orange is the new black '' season two releases friday , june 6 .  show is about a well-off character who ends up in a women 's prison .  a few details about the new season have slipped ou .
 balotelli off as man city exit europa league ; liverpool crash out <sec> mario balotelli is sent off as manchester city go out of the europa league .  ukrainian side dynamo kiev make last eight after beating city 2-1 on aggregate .  liverpool go out after braga hold them to a 0-0 draw at anfield .  benfica hold on to beat psg while spartak moscow beat aja .
 federer and nadal cruise as nemesis soderling crashes out <sec> roger federer and rafael nadal win their opening matches on the 2010 atp tour circuit .  the world 's top two players triumph in straight sets in first round at qatar open in doha .  robin soderling , who has beaten both recently , loses as top seed at chennai open .  younes el aynaoui , 38 , becomes the oldest player to win on atp tour since 199 .
 chisora threatens to shoot haye in brawl following klitschko defeat <sec> british boxers dereck chisora and david haye brawl at a press conference .  chisora had just been beaten in ring by wbc heavyweight champion vitali klitschko .  fighters trade blows before chisora threatens to burn and shoot compatriot haye .  chisora is detained by german police but later released without charg .
 'mormon ' musical , 'war horse ' play win big on broadway <sec> `` the book of mormon ' '' wins 9 musical tony awards .  `` war horse '' pulls 5 awards , including best play tony .  neil patrick harris hosted the song-and-dance filled broadcas .
 can country singer randy travis get past his rough patch ? <sec> randy travis faces charges after traffic incident .  industry consultants said he should address issues .  travis has seen reduced radio play in recent years .  travis pleaded no-contest in previous incident , is involved in civil litigatio .
 cal ripken 's mother thwarts attempted carjacking <sec> new : police spokesman says this incident not related to her 2012 abduction .  violet ripken was at a bank when she was approached by a man with a gun .  she set off a car alarm , and he fled and was caught 2 hours later .  she was kidnapped by an armed man a year ago and held for 24 hour .
 opinion : cleaner air will help save planet <sec> michael brune : many americans have already witnessed effects of climate disruption .  controlling pollutions pays for itself in health benefits , he says .  the obama administration 's new rules on carbon emissions are a step forward , brune say .
 ferguson mayor : protests possible over grand jury <sec> mayor james knowles : `` demonstrations will probably break out in several places '' .  grand jury decision expected this month whether to indict officer who killed michael brown .  brown 's august shooting sparked protests that devolved into riots this summer .  do n't shoot coalition wants 48-hour notice before grand jury announces decisio .
 heathrow fliers to get body scans 'as soon as practical ' <sec> heathrow to use technology , intelligence , profiling to fight terror , official says .  body scan announcement follows christmas attempt to blow up plane in u.s . .  heathrow joins netherlands , nigeria , many u.s. airports in planning body scans .  cnn ireport : tell us about your airport security experience .
 'help me , ' homeless man begs as cops fatally beat him in videotaped incident <sec> kelly thomas , the 37-year old homeless man , died days after his arrest .  two fullerton , california , police officers face charges .  one tells thomas : `` you see my fists ? .  they 're getting ready to f -- - you up . .
 missing cheerleader 's mom : no party at house after she disappeared <sec> hailey dunn was last seen december 27 .  police have administered polygraph tests to her mother and her mother 's boyfriend .  mother billie dunn described the party as a new year 's eve `` family gathering .
 how to make america more resilient ( opinion ) <sec> juliã¡n castro and judith rodin : disasters hurt republican , democratic communities alike .  each dollar invested in resilience before a disaster saves $ 4 after the fact , they note .  hud and rockefeller foundation partner to create rebuild by design .  the competition looks for ways to rebuild that make communities more resilien .
 cnn student news - march 25 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 why we need a good screening test for ovarian cancer <sec> there 's no good screening test for ovarian cancer , the 5th leading cause of cancer deaths in women .  a blood test called ca 125 is elevated in about half of women with ovarian cancer , but it 's not a good test .  dr. otis brawley : we need a test that flags fewer people who do n't have the disease as suspiciou .
 prehistoric murals of altamira revealed to a lucky few <sec> `` sistine chapel of paleolithic art '' reopens to small groups .  effect of visitors on cave 's humidity , co2 to be measured .  murals discovered by amateur archaeologist and his daughter in 187 .
 paying respects at arlington 's section 60 <sec> more than 290,000 veterans are buried at arlington national cemetery .  section 60 is final resting place for troops killed most recently in iraq , afghanistan .  particularly touching are the mementos left at some of the graves .  `` you are my hero , daddy . .  ... .  i miss you , '' reads one handmade car .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> turkey is a strategic location for companies hoping to tap into both europe and asia .  mme gets an inside look at one foreign company cashing in on turkey 's strategic advantages .  businessman emre berkin shares his thoughts on the country 's business environmen .
 debate over michael jackson 's death clouds his legacy <sec> michael jackson died june 25 , 2009 , of a drug overdose .  his personal doctor is charged with administering the fatal dose .  several other lawsuits have been filed regarding his death .  there have also been many attempts to promote and capitalize on his legac .
 un : civilian deaths fall in afghanistan ; first drop in 6 years <sec> new : casualties are up among women and girls , report says .  81 % of civilian casualties were attributed to anti-government forces .  u.s. and most nato nations plan to pull their troops out by end of 2014 .  `` the human cost of the conflict remains unacceptable , '' a u.n. official say .
 5 great european ski chalets <sec> the hôtel ormelune in france offers heli-skiing and private lessons .  das kranzbach is a high-style spa and nature retreat in germany .  le lodge park in megève , france has a glamorous , trapper-style aestheti .
 how the web changed fame <sec> david weinberger : kate upton 's youtube video helped catapult her onto si swimsuit cover .  he says fame in the age of the internet is different ; web users can elevate anyone to fame .  famous-on-the-internet people are often picked because they are like us , he says , not stars .  writer : fame is in a hybrid state now , with complex relationships between web and mainstrea .
 frum : when the climate changed astonishingly fast <sec> david frum : when we discuss climate change we act as if we have decades to prepare .  he says climate can change astonishingly fast , as it did in global cooling of 17th century .  the results were devastating , as millions died in famines and war , he writes .  frum : `` global crisis '' chronicles tremendous human suffering as result of climat .
 ten charged in u.s. killings in mexico ; among 35 gang members indicted <sec> a u.s. consulate employee and two others were killed in mexico last year .  ten mexican nationals have been charged and seven are already in custody .  the 10 are among 35 members of the barrio azteca gang charged with various offenses .  u.s. authorities announced the indictments wednesda .
 source : chinese official tells clinton u.s. should reconsider taiwan arms deal <sec> chinese foreign minister yang jiechi meets with secretary of state clinton in new york .  yang calls on the u.s. to reconsider an arms sale to taiwan .  the $ 5.3 billion package includes upgrades to taiwan 's f-16 fighers .  china voiced strong opposition to the deal when it was announced last wee .
 google tool uses search terms to detect flu outbreaks <sec> google flu trends may predict flu outbreaks up to two weeks faster than cdc .  tool takes into account that not everyone who searches for flu-related words has it .  individual users can not be identified , but google knows which u.s. state you 're i .
 9/11 widow among buffalo flight victims <sec> president obama says beverly eckert was `` tireless advocate '' .  eckert was the widow of a september 11 terrorist attack victim .  she was on way to buffalo to mark what would have been husband 's 58th birthday .  eckert had co-founded advocacy group for september 11 survivors , familie .
 record-breaking skyscraper threatened by sinkholes <sec> appearance of mystery sinkholes around seoul have authorities baffled .  holes near construction of the lotte world tower , the world 's 6th tallest building , have led to a review .  following april 's sewol ferry tragedy , safety has become a focus in south kore .
 at google , apps designed to help discover the world around you <sec> google lab works on apps that help users discover interesting things .  niantic labs has created travel adviser `` field trip '' and mobile game `` ingress '' .  `` field trip '' uses gps to point out interesting things you are near .  ingress uses public landmarks in a worldwide game between two side .
 'calm down and go home , please , ' father of man killed in britain urges <sec> new : `` i started cpr on my own son , '' the victim 's father says .  resident : businesses that remain open all night are closing at the first sign of darkness .  the three are killed while trying to protect local businesses from looters , residents say .  british police have not tied their deaths to the riot .
