 can another cuomo win over america ? ( opinion ) <sec> errol louis : mario cuomo 's death a reminder of when a strong liberal mulled presidential run .  he says cuomo 's son , n.y. 's governor , also eyes presidency . .  can liberalism make comeback .
 jeff bridges dreams of 'no kid hungry ' in u.s . <sec> jeff bridges is the national spokesperson for the `` no kid hungry '' campaign .  no kid hungry aims to end childhood hunger in america .  campaign also provides free meals for kids 18 and younger throughout the summer .  no kid hungry also teaches low-income families how to shop smarte .
 ousted tunisian leader sentenced to over 15 years in prison <sec> new : zine el abidine ben ali is sentenced to 15 and a half years in prison .  ben ali was tried partly on illegal drug and weapons charges .  ben ali was tried in absentia ; he and his wife have been living in saudi arabia since january .  couple were sentenced last month to 35 years in prison on corruption charge .
 norway killer anders breivik ruled sane , given 21-year prison term <sec> new : anders breivik does not intend to appeal the verdict ; prosecution also wo n't appeal .  the ruling that breivik is sane means his right-wing views can be tackled , a survivor says .  `` this case is going to live strongly with me for the rest of my life , '' bjorn ihler says .  breivik smiles as is judged to be sane and is sentenced to 21 years in priso .
 princess 'caught frolicking naked ' <sec> britain 's princess eugenie reprimanded for naked school frolic , reports say .  sixth in line to british throne involved in end of term `` high jinks , '' insiders say .  princess due to attend queen 's official birthday celebration .
 money for ( almost ) nothing : fat paychecks for very little work <sec> washington mutual 's alan fishman got about $ 20 million for 17 days of work .  disney dumped michael ovitz after only 16 months and paid him $ 100 million .  actor billy dee williams ' `` pay-or-play '' clause paid him money for not acting .  yankees paid carl pavano $ 39.9 million to start only 26 baseball games in 4 year .
 south africa 's plums blossom into big business <sec> plums grow well in the cool climate of the franschhoek valley in south africa .  south africa exported 10.5 million cartons of plums in 2013-14 .  plum shipments from south africa are expected to increase by around 10 % this year .  approximately 70 % of plums grown in south africa are sold oversea .
 was the euro ever 'about to collapse ' ? <sec> former european central bank chief says euro was never going to collapse .  in 2012 , critics predicted at least partial breakup of 17-member eurozone .  euro plunged to 25-month low against u.s. dollar in july 2012 .  currency war fears prevail in run-up to g20 finance ministers meeting this wee .
 5 ways to handle office drama queen <sec> the office `` drama queen '' seeks personal benefit , rather than group success .  get executives involved or hold a team meeting , says author marlene chism .  setting boundaries and administering discipline may help solves problems , she say .
 panasonic tv delivers impressive picture <sec> as a 32-inch lcd tv , the panasonic tc-32lx85 is a good overall performer .  it 's one of the better models at its size in the entry-level , 720p-resolution category .  model delivers surprisingly impressive hd picture quality for a small-screen lcd .  but standard-def images look softer than norma .
 dubai 'shape-shifting skyscraper ' unveiled <sec> plans for revolutionary 420-meter rotating skyscraper in dubai unveiled .  80-story dynamic tower has been designed by architect david fisher .  advanced plans to build second tower in moscow .  tower will be built from prefabricated units ; due to be completed by 201 .
 police seek tips in fsu law professor 's slaying <sec> police are asking for the public 's help in solving the case .  daniel markel was found fatally wounded in his home 's garage .  there were no signs of robbery or burglary .  police say a white or silver car seen around the crime scene is a `` vehicle of interest .
 canadian firetruck responding to u.s. call held up at border <sec> upstate new york firefighters asked nearby canadian units for help with blaze .  firetruck that responded held up at u.s. border for eight minutes .  government source says one firefighter 's criminal record caused the delay .  u.s. firefighter calls it embarrassing , says it delayed relief for tired firefighter .
 opinion : # hotjesus -- must he be sexy ? <sec> a film starring diogo morgado as jesus opens this week .  carol costello says he inspired the hashtag `` hotjesus '' .  costello : is physical attractiveness necessary for a religious figure in today 's culture .
 report : isis waterboarded captives <sec> the washington post reports that isis waterboarded its hostages .  those tortured included american journalist james foley .  the cia used waterboarding as an interrogation technique in the pas .
 atp suspend italian tennis players <sec> italian tennis players potito starace and daniele bracciali banned by the atp .  the pair have been suspended for betting on matches , although not their own .  starace suspended for six weeks while bracciali is banned for three month .
 gm recalling 1.5 million cars over fire fears <sec> recall involves certain chevrolet , buick , oldsmobile and pontiac sedans .  problem involves potential for oil to leak on the exhaust manifold , then igniting .  general motors to send details to owners next mont .
 drug war being fought in nigerian forests <sec> nigerian drug agents patrol southern forests hunting for hidden drug farms .  nigeria is hub for trafficking and fears problem is spilling into its streets .  courier paid $ 5,000 to transport cocaine in stomach ; drug agent paid $ 200 a month .  educated addict now living under bridge says her life was destroyed by cocain .
 infant remains found in new york river believed to be missing boy <sec> new york state police find the remains of a child in a river based on a tip .  the remains were in a container in `` a narrow area '' of the river , police say .  levon wameling was 10 months old when his father reported him missing in june .  dad waited 2 weeks to report disappearance , raising questions , police said in jun .
 florida sues bp , halliburton over 2010 oil spill <sec> the state of florida filed lawsuit against bp and halliburton .  suit : florida is entitled to revenue lost because of the deepwater horizon oil spill .  the lawsuit was filed on the third anniversary of the oil spil .
 report : more than 1m preemies die in first month annually <sec> march of dimes : nearly 10 percent of world 's births are premature .  more than 85 percent of premature births are in developing parts of africa , asia .  but north america has world 's second-highest premature birth rate .  doctors have yet to identify a reliable remedy to prevent early labor , group say .
 iraq : suspected female militant 'recruiter ' held <sec> jassim also known as umm-al-moumineen , or mother of the believers .  arrested on jan. 21 in what an iraqi commander called `` heroic '' security operation .  considered a major stride in confronting challenge of female suicide bombers .  troops have launched operations targeting families of suspected bomber .
 top sights in prague <sec> `` golden city '' is a well-deserved eponym for a city that mixes history and beauty like no other .  largely untouched by wwii , prague 's many century-old buildings have been left intact .  cnn takes you through the top historical sights not to be missed in pragu .
 arizona teen alleges abuse in flds household <sec> authorities investigate calls by girl alleging abuse by male relative .  calls reportedly similar to those that sparked raid at texas polygamist ranch .  arizona polygamist sect also led by jailed `` prophet '' warren jeffs .  more than 400 children removed from sect 's compound in texa .
 powerball winner due in court on unpaid child support warrant <sec> powerball winner owes $ 29,000 in back child support , authorities say .  he is expected in a new jersey court on a warrant , sheriff 's office says .  lottery winners are investigated for outstanding debts , lottery official say .
 report : two nuclear bombs nearly detonated in north carolina <sec> goldsboro one of 32 pre-1980 accidents involving nukes .  weeks after goldsboro , there was another close call in california .  the weapons came alarmingly close to detonation .  they were far more powerful than the bombs dropped in japa .
 occupy wall street protesters are american patriots <sec> without dissent and protest , there is no united states , roland s. martin says .  characterizing occupy wall street protesters as anti-american is disgusting , he says .  martin : it 's not an assault on capitalism , but a call for decency in in the financial industr .
 police : jose canseco accidentally shoots self in hand <sec> canseco hit more than 450 home runs .  his semiautomatic handgun accidentally went of .
 business owner feted at white house , ups driver among 6 dead in minn . <sec> police say a 36-year-old man was laid off and returned to former workplace hours later .  he killed a ups driver , the owner of accent signage systems and three others , police say .  the small-business owner was honored in march at the white house , mayor says .  police found the shooter , who his family says was mentally ill , dead of a self-inflicted woun .
 rubio plunges into immigration debate <sec> sen. marco rubio was one of 11 republicans to back a procedural vote on the border crisis .  fellow potential 2016 contenders , sens . .  ted cruz and rand paul , opposed it .  the house reworked its bill to appease conservatives .  though it 's not clear whether congress will work out a compromis .
 attack on u.n. compound in somalia called 'barbaric ' <sec> civilians , militants and u.n. employees were killed ; 15 people were wounded .  al-shabaab has claimed responsibility for the attack .  the african union says the compound has been secure .
 indian maoist group : we killed hindu leader <sec> maoist group claims responsibility for killing of hindu leader .  his death sparked a wave of hindu-christian riots in southern india .  india 's pm has called the maoists the country 's biggest security threa .
 serb cousins guilty of burning muslims alive <sec> u.n. tribunal convicts serb cousins of burning alive more than 100 muslims .  milan lukic , sredoje lukic convicted of crimes dating back to the early 1990s .  muslim men , women and children forced into homes that were then set on fir .
 dortmund deliver fatal sting to real 's champions league dream <sec> borussia dortmund crush real madrid 4-1 in first leg of champions league semifinal .  robert lewandowski scored all four goals for german side .  cristiano ronaldo had made it 1-1 three minutes before halftime .  real host second leg at the bernabeu next tuesda .
 $ 4.8 million in gold stolen from truck in n. carolina <sec> a truck filled with gold bars pulled over alongside interstate 95 in north carolina .  two guards say they were both bound by men claiming to be police .  authorities are trying to determine if it may have been an inside jo .
 porn filmed in oregon state university library <sec> a former student allegedly films porn in the oregon state university library .  officials cite the woman for misdemeanor indecent exposure .  the video has been uploaded to the popular porn site pornhu .
 ex-detroit mayor kilpatrick sentenced to 4 months <sec> judge sentences former detroit mayor kilpatrick to 120 days in jail , no early release .  kwame kilpatrick pleaded guilty to charges resulting from a sex scandal .  kilpatrick resigned from office last month .  he was accused of blocking a criminal investigation into his offic .
 gunfire prompts lockdown on texas campus , no injuries reported <sec> gunfire erupts as students play basketball at a texas community college .  a campus lockdown follows , and a suspect is captured .  no injuries were reporte .
 on election day , pause to marvel at democracy <sec> frida ghitis : pause to marvel at democracy , where governed choose their leader .  she says idea contagious , points to tiananmen square , south africa , arab spring .  she says elections only first step ; idea is a government that works for society 's benefit .  ghitis : at election , reflect on majesty of process , then get to working to fix its flaw .
 'bionic eye ' lets blind man 'see ' again <sec> an artificial retina is restoring partial vision in blind people .  the argus ii collects visual information using a video camera on a pair of glasses .  roger pontz is only the second person to get the implant in the united states .  `` it 's been pretty awesome , '' he say .
 study finds nearly 1 in 10 state prisoners is sexually abused while incarcerated <sec> the victimization rate , 9.6 % , is more than double that of a different 2008 study .  female prisoners were more than three times as likely to be victims , the study found .  the justice department announces new rules aimed at cutting down abus .
 mother of missing arizona girl arrested , charged with murder <sec> jerice hunter is indicted for first-degree murder and arrested in arizona .  authorities accuse her of killing her daughter jhessye , missing since last year .  the body of the girl , who was 5 when she was last seen , has n't been found .  authorities hope the arrest `` will allow the healing process to begin , '' police sa .
 how it feels to bully and be bullied <sec> marisa velasco says she used to bully kids and call them names .  says bullying is n't about making yourself feel better but making others feel worse .  other students should stand up against bullies and let them know that what they 're doing is hurtful .  schools are holding assemblies to address and prevent bullyin .
 stars left out of 'in memoriam ' oscar tribute <sec> andy griffith and larry hagman were left out of the `` in memoriam '' montage .  lupe ontiveros , phyllis diller and sherman hemsley among those omitted from reel , online gallery .  barbra streisand honored composer marvin hamlisch by singing `` the way we were .
 hurricane alex kills at least 1 in mexico <sec> new : alex weakening , but still category 1 hurricane .  at least one dead in northeastern mexico as a result of rains .  rescuers save man from rushing waters .  thousands in shelters in mexico , texa .
 latino program helps immigrant families achieve their american dream <sec> laamistad started 2001 with 2 dozen students .  program helps latino children and parents with language , education , counseling .  a sister program opened in texas and there are plans to open a dozen more campuse .
 in the southeast : warmer days are here again <sec> southeast should see higher temperatures this week , storms this weekend , forecasters say .  in atlanta , georgia , warming is predicted through friday , when high could reach 58 .  in florida , tuesday 's high was expected to reach 54 in tallahassee , the state capital .  on west coast , a storm was rolling into the area between seattle and san francisc .
 disney awards 'star wars ' video-game rights to ea <sec> electronic arts will have exclusive rights to `` star wars '' video games .  after acquiring lucasfilm , disney shut down the lucasarts games division .  ea already makes the multiplayer `` star wars : the old republic .
 siberian tiger bites man in wisconsin <sec> volunteer john meeker has been flown from the scene for treatment .  meeker had been watering the tiger when he was attacked .  other volunteers were able to get meeker away from the tiger .  incident at wisconsin big cat rescue and educational center is under investigatio .
 thailand 's 'up country ' boom fuels political divide <sec> thailand 's protests reveal an increasing divide between the urban south and the rural north .  bangkok 's cosmopolitan urban middle class contrasts with a growing middle class in the north .  as thailand 's economy slows , in the northeast government policies are fueling a boom .  analysts say the advent of social media had also changed the political landscape in thailan .
 slenderman stabbing case : when can kids understand fact vs. fiction ? <sec> two 12-year-olds are accused of stabbing a friend 19 times .  police say girls told them the attack was planned to win over a fictitious internet character .  12-year-olds can distinguish between reality and fantasy as well as adults , professor says .  warning signs of trouble ? .  a child not engaging with real life , experts sa .
 reid apologizes for racial remarks about obama during campaign <sec> sen. harry reid is quoted as commenting on obama 's lack of `` negro dialect '' .  obama accepts senate majority leader 's apology , says `` i know what 's in his heart '' .  reid offered apologies to several prominent african-americans , an aide says .  comments appear in new book by journalists mark halperin and john heilemann , `` game change .
 tsa buys machines to check ids and airline boarding passes <sec> the tsa will test machines that match a boarding pass with the passenger 's id .  the tsa has not disclosed which airport will get the test machines .  the machines will be tested starting early in 2012 .  the machines could improve security and traffic flow in airport .
 egyptian police official killed in clashes on outskirts of cairo <sec> security forces arrest 65 men in connection with a deadly attack last month .  the operation is in kerdasa , a district on the outskirts of cairo .  a police official is killed during armed clashes that took place there .  subway service in cairo is briefly suspended after suspicious objects are foun .
 house approves dream act , but senate approval uncertain <sec> new : the house votes 216-198 to pass the dream act .  cabinet members say passing the act is the right thing to do .  the act makes illegal immigrants brought to america as children eligible for citizenship .  a texas republican says the bill could grant `` amnesty '' to 2 millio .
 'accidental ' millionaire 's spending spree ends in prison <sec> new zealand 's 'accidental millionaire ' jailed for bank account theft .  hui `` leo '' gao sentenced to four years , seven months after global manhunt .  gao 's girlfriend kara hurring sentenced to nine months ' home detention .  couple fled nz after bank error gave gao access to nz $ 10 millio .
 subway-stopping kittens now have names , caretakers <sec> arthur and august have one furry tale .  they shut down two subway lines when they were spotted wandering in the system .  the kittens are now receiving care at an animal foster home and will be up for adoption soon .  they nypd sent offers to the scene for crowd control after the search for the two halted train .
 spacex 's dragon on way to international space station <sec> `` this is a happy day , '' said spacex founder and ceo elon musk .  musk reports early signs of success in tests to make rocket 's first stage reusable .  the cargo mission will also deliver a set of high-tech legs for robonaut 2 . .  iss 's robotic arm is scheduled to grab the space freighter sunday mornin .
 police : life-coach radio hosts commit suicide together <sec> motivational speaker john littig and psychotherapist lynne rosen are found dead .  apartment manager : note said , `` i ca n't take it anymore , my wife is in too much pain . '' .  their `` pursuit of happiness '' radio show spoke of personal development and growt .
 some travelers push the envelope on all-you-can-jet deal <sec> deal allows passengers unlimited travel for a month on jetblue for $ 599 .  clark dever , joe dinardo going to cities for 12 hours , then getting on next flight .  some travelers taking around 40 one-way flights to make most of deal .  dever : `` it 's going to be an adventure , a tiring but exciting adventure .
 'frozen ' and 'serial ' top apple best-of-2014 lists <sec> apple releases its lists of most downloaded movies , tv shows and music for 2014 .  `` frozen '' was a big moneymaker in the movie and music sections .  the company also named its favorite content , including hit podcast `` serial .
 joe biden goes to iowa with a bunch of nuns <sec> vice president joe biden travels to iowa , a key state in presidential campaigns .  he speaks at an event for nuns on the bus , a social justice campaign .  biden trails hillary clinton in recent polls for the democratic nomination in 201 .
 lottery deja vu : same six numbers come up twice in israeli game <sec> israel 's national lottery produced same six double-digit numbers in less than a month .  officials feared problems after the same numbers came up a second time .  but after finding nothing amiss results of the second drawing were certified .  three win more than $ 1 million each from second drawing of 36 , 33 , 32 , 26 , 14 , 1 .
 justin bieber has a 'frat house ' amidst millionaire mansions , cop says <sec> `` why you in my house , bro ? .  `` justin bieber asks deputy with a warrant .  bieber 's mansion was `` like a fraternity house , but no signs of drugs , '' detective says .  ping pong , pool tables , ms. pacman and a basketball game fill the living room .  the egg probe evidence will likely go to the prosecutor next week , detective say .
