 opinion : forecasts of terrorist apocalypse ? never mind <sec> before sochi olympics , predictions of terrorist action were rampant .  peter bergen says the games were unaffected and predictions turned out to be wrong .  he says such forecasts fit into a long history of `` sky is falling '' warnings .  bergen : statements that al qaeda represents big threat to u.s. now are off bas .
 court blocks provisions in immigration laws , lets some controversial ones stand <sec> a federal appeals court rules on alabama and georgia 's immigration laws .  judges say police in both states can check citizenship of criminal suspects .  parts of law making it a crime for undocumented immigrants to work was blocke .
 laura bush praises obama , bemoans excessive partisanship <sec> laura bush sits down with cnn during u.n. meeting in paris , france .  she says president obama is doing good job under tough circumstances .  former first lady criticizes excessive partisanship of washington .  she also defends cheney 's defense of bush administration action .
 obama , do n't run from class warfare <sec> howell raines : obama , dems run from class warfare notion even though it 's potent issue .  he says class struggle over income distribution not un-american , historically beneficial .  he says as corporations sit on $ 2 trillion , not reinvesting , dems , media buy into job creation myth .  raines : if this is class warfare that will bring income equality , only one side is actually fightin .
 review : 'revolutionary road ' gets to the heart <sec> `` revolutionary road '' story of two suburbanites wanting to break free .  leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet give good performances .  movie suffers from some glibness , but many parts cut throug .
 make new york mosque an interfaith center <sec> akbar ahmed : u.s. ca n't treat muslims badly and win `` hearts and minds '' abroad .  if proposed islamic center ever attacked , ahmed says , global violence will ensue .  islamic center should also include church , synagogue and 9/11 memorial , he writes .  ahmed : bishops , rabbis and imams must work together ; obama must call for peac .
 gadhafi scion was steeped in u.s. internship when crisis broke <sec> `` after attending a course on consciousness , he goes and leads troops , '' says deepak chopra .  `` why was he in my course ? .  i have no idea . '' .  khamis gadhafi was visiting u.s. military schools and weapons makers .  youngest son runs elite special force .
 duffel bag body parts case : massachusetts man arraigned <sec> carlos colina , 32 , is arraigned on charges of assault and battery , improper disposal of a body .  body parts were discovered saturday in a duffel bag and a common area of an apartment building .  the victim in the case is identified as jonathan camilien , 26 ; authorities say he knew colin .
 veteran actor hal holbrook 's loving his oscar nod <sec> hal holbrook is oldest supporting actor oscar nominee ever .  holbrook played ron franz in `` into the wild , '' loved experience on film .  holbrook known for playing mark twain , abraham lincoln , deep throa .
 u.n. suspends observer mission in syria <sec> the united nations says syria poses too much of a risk for observers .  the head of the mission says violence has intensified in the last few days .  the escalation is limiting the ability of monitors to do their job .  the monitors went in to ensure compliance to kofi annan 's peace pla .
 american couple held in qatar near decision on appeal <sec> matthew and grace huang were living in qatar when their daughter died .  the were imprisoned , later released during their appeal .  they will find out this week if the appeal has been successfu .
 celebrity telethon to raise money for haiti efforts <sec> fundraising program to be telecast on numerous networks on friday , january 22 .  all proceeds will be split among five relief organizations .  other celebrities have already launched efforts to aid quake-ravaged hait .
 kashmir fighting death toll hits 19 <sec> 19 dead in kashmir gunfights between indian troops , separatist militants .  incident comes after india accuses pakistani troops of firing on indian troops .  kashmir has been in throes of separatist campaign for 20 year .
 saudi arabia launches airstrikes in yemen <sec> egypt state news agency says country will give military support to saudi arabian-led coalition .  saudi arabia begins military operations in yemen , ambassador says .  sources tells cnn that other gulf nations will be a part of a coalition fighting the houthi rebel .
 obama , netanyahu discuss u.s.-israeli disagreements <sec> president obama , israeli prime minister meet for first time as national leaders .  obama and benjamin netanyahu discuss approach to mideast peace .  leaders also touched on iran 's nuclear ambitions .  israeli settlements illustrate divide between the tw .
 plane scrapes wing during landing in germany <sec> amateur video of the moment the lufthansa flight scraped its wing .  strong winds blamed for the near miss at hamburg airport .  the plane recovered and landed safely the second time aroun .
 weiner 's wife a top hillary clinton aide <sec> huma abedin , 34 , joined hillary clinton 's staff 14 years ago .  she is a senior aide to the secretary of state .  vogue profiled her in 2007 because of her style .  she 's muslim and he 's jewis .
 supersonics set for relaunch in seattle <sec> seattle is set to host nba next season for first time since 2008 .  chris hansen 's group has completed a deal to buy the sacramento kings .  hansen has bought a reported 65 % stake in the franchise worth $ 340 million .  nba board of governors expected to rubber stamp the mov .
 brown : boko haram 's violent new low ( opinion ) <sec> gordon brown : boko haram 's tactics have hit a new barbaric low .  boko haram 's abuse of children is growing more vicious , he say .
 2 dead , more than 50 injured in new orleans pileup <sec> the crashes began occurring about 4 a.m. local time .  heavy fog was in the area at the time .  i-10 is shut down in both direction .
 las vegas officer plunges to his death while rescuing hiker <sec> officer david vanbuskirk was in the process of hoisting a hiker using a helicopter .  he got detached from the hoist and fell into the canyon .  vanbuskirk , 36 , was a veteran of the las vegas metropolitan police departmen .
 alexis murphy update : family still hopes missing teen will be found <sec> alexis murphy , 17 , disappeared august 3 , according to cnn affiliates .  suspect says through lawyer he was not last person to see the teen .  attorney says police should look for a man with cornrows , caprice .  -- the senior volleyball player was looking at colleges , her aunt tells statio .
 faa finds no evidence in pilot 's claim of unidentified object over denver <sec> the agency finds nothing to back up reported sighting over denver .  a corporate jet pilot had radioed he saw a possible remote-controlled aircraft flying near him .  the faa reviewed radar and audio communications .  no other pilots reported seeing an unidentified aircraft , faa say .
 report : egypt steps up efforts to free kidnapped american tourists <sec> new : the son of male kidnap victim michel louis says his father is a diabetic .  egynews : authorities receive confirmation that the tourists are near where they were abducted .  security official : bedouin kidnappers want the release of a relative held on drug charges .  kidnappings and robberies are up since longtime dictator hosni mubarak was ousted last yea .
 uzbek national arrested in terrorism case <sec> 30-year-old fazliddin kurbanov is arrested in boise , idaho .  he faces a three-count indictment in idaho and a single-count accusation in utah .  authorities say he provided support to the islamic movement of uzbekista .
 chilean president honors rescued miners <sec> president sebastian pinera hosts the rescued miners monday .  hundreds of people waited outside to cheer them as they arrived .  the rescue showed the resolve of the chilean people , pinera say .
 iraq , u.s. reviewing draft of status-of-forces agreement <sec> pentagon spokesman said he ca n't speak about specifics until it is in final draft form .  status-of-forces agreement would outline guidelines of u.s. troop presence in iraq .  u.s. insistence troops , contractors immunity a sticking point .  current agreement will expire december 3 .
 singer winehouse released from hospital <sec> amy winehouse leaves hospital after spending the night under observation .  spokesperson says singer had reaction to medication she was taking at home .  ambulance took 24-year-old winehouse from london home to emergency room .  singer has struggled with drugs and alcoho .
 p5+1 and iran agree on nuclear negotiation framework in vienna <sec> `` we have identified all of the issues we need to address '' for final deal , says ashton .  the next round of talks will begin on march 17 , eu foreign policy chief says .  u.s. state department spokeswoman says talks have been `` constructive and useful '' .  western powers suspect iran wants to develop a nuclear weapon , a claim it denie .
 nimoy is spock , spock is nimoy <sec> gene seymour : gene roddenberry may have created `` star trek , '' but leonard nimoy and character of spock are inseparable .  he says nimoy had many other artistic endeavors , photography , directing , poetry , but he was , in the end , spoc .
 group gives paralyzed iraq veteran new hope <sec> matt and tracy keil married after he was redeployed to iraq .  a sniper bullet hit matt 's spinal cord , paralyzing him from the neck down .  homes for our troops builds homes for disabled veterans to meet their needs .  the keils ' home is 33rd for the organization , which has 40 more in the work .
 drug smugglers becoming more creative , u.s. agents say <sec> smuggling organizations use latest technology to move drugs into u.s. , officials say .  drug runners taking to seas in vessels that look like submarines .  most drugs from central and south america funneled through mexico .  port of entry at san ysidro , california , is busiest border crossing for agents to watc .
 found human remains could be fifth victim in serial killer case <sec> new : police are investigating human remains found on a new york beach .  the remains were found near where four corpses found last year .  police are still searching for a potential serial killer .  the search for shannan gilbert led to the discovery of the four bodie .
 gun control : it 's on all of us <sec> terri francis : obama took good first step to end gun violence with his executive actions .  but that 's not enough , she says ; we are all still responsible and need to get to work .  francis ' cousin 's son was shot and killed , but she buried her head in the sand on the issue .  now , she realizes that she and all americans need to get educated and act for gun contro .
 sensory isolation helmets : is this next for plane passengers ? <sec> helmets will control what passengers see , hear and smell , according to airbus patent .  incorporated into headrests , the system will also feature mini-airbags to deploy in turbulence .  no indication when or even if airbus will go ahead with proposed desig .
 'whitey ' bulger says he 's not a snitch , but fbi file says otherwise <sec> james `` whitey '' bulger faces 19 counts of murder .  a 700-page fbi file says he was an informant , ratting out criminal fugitives .  bulger and his defense team insist he is not an informant .  the prosecution says the claim is `` a ridiculous contention .
 papandreou reshuffles greek government <sec> prime minister george papandreou will seek a vote of confidence thursday .  at least 25,000 turn out to keep lawmakers from debating budget-cutting measures .  the protests against the austerity turn violent , with gasoline bombs and tear gas .  greece is getting international help to deal with its budget defici .
 search on for trapped victims after helicopter crashes in scotland <sec> new : pub patrons remain trapped in the debris , fire officials say .  `` most of the helicopter appeared to be inside the pub , '' jim murphy says .  search and rescue efforts are continuing , firefighters say .  `` i know there were a lot of people lying on the ground , '' a witness say .
 klitschko stops peter in 10th round to retain wbo and ibf titles <sec> wladimir klitschko successfully defended his wbo and ibf heavyweight titles .  klitschko stopped smauel peters in the 10th roun .
 barber shop abuzz with tradition <sec> hair clippers buzzing , hair dryers blowing at old-fashioned barber shop .  shop has been passed down through the generations .  mustang barbers is place to go to hear latest joke , sports opinion .  `` once you know the basics , you go from there , '' barber say .
 playing dead allowed man to survive boko haram massacre in nigeria <sec> ikenna nzeribe is shot in the face with an ak-47 by boko haram gunmen in 2012 .  the masked gunman kill 13 other fellow christians in church .  nzeribe plays dead and prays , `` blood of jesus cover me '' .  his disfigured face now being surgically repaired , he warns the world of boko hara .
 a year later , recalling the 'mandela magic ' <sec> cnn journalist recalls nelson mandela 's death , nation 's response .  south africans thronged outside his home , savoring `` mandela magic '' .  mandela 's funeral last year was a measure of the ma .
 same-sex marriage to start in new jersey on monday <sec> newark mayor plans to recognize the marriages of several same-sex couples .  a court denied the state 's request to temporarily prevent such marriages last week .  new jersey has allowed same-sex civil unions since 200 .
 fsu 's jameis winston accused of shoplifting crab legs <sec> heisman trophy winner said he forgot to pay , police say .  police : jameis winston ordered crab legs , crawfish and left without paying .  winston is suspended from fsu 's baseball team .  he was not arrested , but received a citatio .
 eric holder : my work on voting rights most important - cnnpolitics.com <sec> attorney general eric holder said friday he 's most proud of his efforts to protect voting rights .  holder 's justice department aggressively challenged new voting laws .  he announced a new initiative to reduce the number of teens in the juvenile justice system .  he also spoke of race during times when president barack obama didn ' .
 great college basketball towns to visit <sec> men 's college basketball will end with ncaa championship game april 6 .  some duke students camp out for three months to get a game ticket .  last year , 100,000 fans poured into downtown lawrence , kansas , after ku 's victory .  games at these basketball towns are so popular that they usually sell ou .
 letters precious to u.s. troops in afghan outposts <sec> u.s. troops warned afghanistan is not iraq -- where communication is easier .  troops in afghan outposts communicate with loved ones by snail mail .  `` handwriting and perfume -- you ca n't get through the phone or e-mail '' .  wives comb news reports to find news or glimpse of husband .
 what netanyahu 's speech left out ( opinion ) <sec> jeremy ben-ami : netanyahu 's powerfully worded speech is no substitute for a strategy to keep iran from getting nuclear weapons .  he says without a plan , the only option is to put u.s. on path to military action .  netanyahu also lobbied for iraq invasion in 2002 , ben-ami say .
 man : 3-d movie changed my sight for the better <sec> bruce bridgeman says he saw greater depth after watching the film `` hugo '' last year .  he has a condition in which his eyes point outward .  the enhanced visual experience has continued since the .
 california lets undocumented students get private scholarships <sec> public colleges in california have raised funds for private scholarships .  but the private scholarships did not go directly to undocumented immigrant students .  a new law now allows for the award of such privately financed scholarships .  `` education is for life , but their legal status will change .
 woman prison escapee finally caught after 32 years on lam <sec> nancy garces escaped from a women 's prison in california in 1979 .  she was serving a sentence in a credit-card forgery case .  she assumed a new name and life in new mexico and had children under the assumed name .  police in santa barbara , california , were tipped off and caught her getting off a trai .
 opinion : money and justin bieber 's teenage brain <sec> peggy drexler : there are teenagers like justin bieber on every block .  drexler : a young person who has so much money -- and power -- can do crazy things .  she says parents can instill values , but it 's hard when a kid is the breadwinner .  drexler : still , there are teen stars who grow up fine even if they have a lot of mone .
 ghana 'ready for war ' against australia <sec> ghana captain appiah says team expecting tough match against australia .  ghana beat serbia 1-0 in first game as they seek to win place in last 16 .  appiah says there is `` unity '' between african sides at first african world cup .  appiah : `` let 's enjoy this moment and we will see what happens .
 after divisive debate , texas senate oks restrictive abortion measure <sec> new : planned parenthood decries vote in texas and similar votes in other states .  it originally failed to gain approval because of a filibuster by democratic sen. wendy davis .  republican gov . .  rick perry is expected to sign the bill .  critics of the measure say it would shut down most abortion clinics in texa .
 phone hacking victims awarded court payouts <sec> new : news international confirms it agreed to settlements , but gives no details .  jude law , awarded £130,000 in damages , says news of the world 's behavior was appalling .  a journalist who worked for other news international papers had his phone hacked .  lawyers for the claimants say news international tried to destroy evidenc .
 k-pop group girls ' generation beats miley cyrus at youtube awards <sec> south korea 's girls ' generation wins year 's best video at youtube awards .  the k-pop group beat miley cyrus , justin bieber and lady gaga .  the group is massively popular in asia .  the inaugural youtube awards were streamed onlin .
 lana del rey 's 'born to die ' debuts at no . 2 <sec> lana del rey lands high on this week 's chart .  her debut album `` born to die '' debuted at no . .  2 on the billboard 200 , selling a solid 77,000 copies .  impressively , del rey accomplished this feat without a single bona fide `` hit .
 hong kong ranks highest for 'billionaire ' properties <sec> savills : real estate values worldwide have doubled in the past seven years .  rise due to the emergence of new wealthy classes and rising commodity prices .  most growth in ultra-luxury properties happening in asia pacific .  london is one of the few 'old world ' real estate markets that is bucking this tren .
 is it right to drop a fasting footballer ? <sec> jose mourinho substituted sulley muntari because he had been low energy .  the ghanaian midfielder is a muslim and had been fasting during ramadan .  egypt 's national youth team turned down the opportunity to break the fast .  let us know if fasting footballers should dropped in the sound off belo .
 opinion : 11 things to know on election in india , the world 's biggest <sec> world 's largest election has begun in india ; lower house and next prime minister are at stake .  india 's slowing economy is the key issue , authors say ; 1 in 3 of world 's poorest are in india .  bjp candidate narendra modi is considered to be the favorite for prime minister , they say .  authors : young voters and women may play a bigger role in this election than in the pas .
 the soldier not about to give up the fight : cory remsburg <sec> president obama told the nation about cory remsburg during the state of the union address .  `` cory remsburg never gives up , and he does not quit , '' obama said .  remsburg 's introduction drew a standing ovation that night for the wounded veteran .  now , remsburg talks to cnn 's `` new day .
 s. african paper publishes mohammed cartoon <sec> cartoon shows prophet wishing for sense of humor .  cartoonist says all religions should be subject to satire .  muslim groups call cartoon blasphemous .  fears of reprisal rise ahead of world cu .
 2 women dead after being swept away in severe san antonio flooding <sec> new : a woman swept away as firefighters tried to rescue her is found dead , spokesman says .  new : her car was in the water when it struck her would-be rescuers ' boat .  she 's the second woman in san antonio to die due to the flooding .  several rivers and creeks in and around the texas city are well above flood stag .
 despite violence , pakistanis vote in landmark election <sec> new : voter turnout was nearly 60 % , the chief election official says .  new : street parties erupt ahead of the vote results .  new : former prime minister nawaz sharif says he 's confident of victory .  attacks on polling stations cause death and injury in karachi , peshawar and balochista .
