 shades of gray : the secret footballer on racism in soccer <sec> the secret footballer says there is a lack of education regarding racism in football .  the epl has seen racism incidents involving high-profile players in the last 18 months .  tsf says fighting racism is not the job of one person or organization .  a match in the netherlands was temporarily halted after u.s. striker jozy altidore abuse .
 judge : man accused of kidnapping sons and sailing to cuba is insane <sec> hakken and his wife are accused of abducting their sons after losing custody .  the boys were returned to grandparents in florid .
 turkish troops shell northern iraq <sec> turkish troops fire artillery shells into northern iraq .  at least 16 rounds fired on uninhabited area in iraq 's irbil province .  latest action comes a week after turkey completes eight-day ground offensiv .
 bond set for suspect charged in bomb scare at jacksonville airport <sec> suspect zeljko causevic , 39 , was arrested at the airport .  he appeared on court wednesday .  authorities had first feared that a larger plot was under wa .
 kids , meds and mental health <sec> judith warner says common view is modern parents over-medicate kids for mental health .  but her research showed that most parents avoid meds , are sensitive to kids ' suffering .  kids ' mental health issues not new ; now better diagnosed , so seem newly prevalent , she says .  warner : real-life stories reflect parents ' struggling to do right by kids , not just `` normalize '' the .
 global warming : a natural cycle or human result ? <sec> earth has warmed one degree in past 100 years .  majority of scientists say greenhouse gases are causing temperatures to rise .  some critics say planets often in periods of warming or coolin .
 digital duomo : florence by smartphone <sec> is it possible to visit florence , italy , and see it properly with just a smartphone ? .  travel and accommodation bookings are easy thanks to train and hotel apps .  relying on phones instead of guidebooks can be costly due to data roaming charge .
 worst u.s. cities for spring allergies <sec> louisville , kentucky , tops the list of the worst cities for allergy sufferers .  texas and tennessee both have three cities in the list 's top 20 .  the blend of winter and spring weather may make allergies wors .
 no wrongdoing found in fbi shooting after boston bombing <sec> ibragim todashev knew the alleged boston marathon bombings mastermind .  he was killed in florida in may 2013 while being questioned about a triple homicide .  an fbi agent shot him ; u.s. law enforcement officials say he lunged at the agent .  todashev 's family has disputed that he posed any threat to law enforcemen .
 cnn student news transcript - august 31 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 colorado secession vote : should we stay or should we go ? <sec> colorado 's secession referendum highlights state 's urban-rural divide .  gun control law , renewable energy bill among the issues driving vote .  10 counties in northeastern corner and 1 in northwest will decide tuesday .  secession unlikely to get required ok from state legislature , u.s. congres .
 presidential medal of freedom winners : wonder , streep - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the presidential medal of freedom is the nation 's highest civilian honor .  the white house announced 19 recipients for this year 's awards on monday .  among them are big names like meryl streep and stevie wonde .
 verity smith : blind dressage rider 's olympic ambition <sec> verity smith is a blind dressage rider .  she lost her sight by the age of 16 and registered blind .  missed out on london 2012 following nightmare year .  briton is aiming to compete at rio 2016 paralympic game .
 georgia theatre , a rock icon , reopens triumphantly after fire <sec> burned in mysterious '09 fire , venue holds grand re-opening .  theater hosted early gigs for r.e.m. , b-52s , indigo girls , widespread panic .  2-week re-opening features artists from drive-by truckers to big boi .  truckers ' patterson hood : `` i was blown away ! .
 river begins to recede in pennsylvania ; flooding persists <sec> new : at least four people have died in the flooding so far .  new : the susquehanna river crests nearly 21 feet above flood stage .  new : new york gov . .  andrew cuomo : `` there 's no doubt that there is significant damage '' .  wilkes-barre officials say they believe the levees will hol .
 oklahoma sae members facing death threats <sec> national chapter of sae says it is giving due process to members at university of oklahoma .  some members of the fraternity at the university of oklahoma have received death threats , their lawyer says .  university of washington 's sae chapter president says its members were not involved in an incident on that campu .
 king would tell obama to be bold <sec> rich benjamin : king would urge president obama to transform rhetoric into grassroots action .  benjamin : king 's great speeches led a forward-looking movement that still affects society .  king 's spirit would urge obama to rid u.s. of racism , poverty and military conflict , benjamin says .  benjamin : king would coax obama to become a historically transformative leade .
 u.s.-bound oil tanker hijacked off somalia <sec> m/v maran centaurus commandeered about 600 nautical miles northeast of the seychelles .  300,000-ton tanker , which started out from jeddah , saudi arabia , was seized sunday .  the crew consists of 16 filipinos , nine greeks , two ukrainians and a romania .
 donations pour in to trayvon martin 's killer <sec> defense lawyer o'mara says he learned about the money on wednesday .  the revelation came as the lawyer was shutting down zimmerman 's internet presence .  zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder in the death of trayvon marti .
 seth meyers : from 'saturday night ' to 'late night ' <sec> seth meyers will take over `` late night '' on february 24 .  he 's known for being a writer more than a performer .  but playing the straight guy can work to his advantage on `` late night '' .  he 's planning to keep the classic late-night model with a few twist .
 judge refuses to declare mistrial in drew peterson murder case <sec> drew peterson 's lawyer calls prosecutors `` shameful '' and demands a mistrial .  the judge refuses , though he strikes a part of the testimony of one witness .  the former police officer is charged with murder in the 2004 death of his third wif .
 john mccain : 'i was thinking about running for president again ' <sec> sen. john mccain jokes that he 's thinking about running in 2016 on the colbert report .  mccain said that he is `` leaning towards '' another senate reelection bid in 2016 .  he will chair the armed services committee starting in january 201 .
 opinion : what mubarak 's release means <sec> a court in egypt ordered the release of former president hosni mubarak from jail .  frida ghitis : could it really be -- might egypt end up exactly where it began ? .  she says there 's a realization that legitimate rule requires consent of the people .  ghitis : egypt and the middle east are not the same as when mubarak was topple .
 u.s. backs project for small nuclear reactors <sec> the energy department announces support for small modular reactor design .  supporters say the units will be cheaper and safer than current reactors .  u.s. regulators are still reviewing the design .
 death of connecticut child left in hot car ruled a homicide <sec> fifteen-month-old benjamin seitz was left in his father 's hot car on july 7 .  legal analyst : finding means death was caused by human action , not natural causes .  prosecutors say a criminal investigation is still ongoin .
 military helicopter crash in florida : rescue efforts end <sec> guardsmen aboard were based in louisiana .  four national guard aircrew members and seven marines were aboard the helicopter .  crash happened tuesday in foggy conditions , which hampered initial searc .
 portugal winger nani out of world cup <sec> portugal winger nani is out of the world cup with a collar bone injury .  portugal defeat mozambique 3-0 in final world cup warm-up match .  nani is the latest premier league player to withdraw from the tournament through injury .  spain thrash poland 6-0 but andres iniesta comes off injured in first hal .
 madeleine mccann 's family plays down reports of spotting in india <sec> reports of a sighting of the missing girl spark an online frenzy .  a spokesman for her family says there 's no reason to think this is a breakthrough .  police in india say they do not have a girl to tes .
 new fire fuels nuclear fears in japan as rescuers search wreckage <sec> new : more than 11,000 are dead or missing in the wake of the disaster .  a new fire is discovered at the fukushima daiichi plant .  a fire and explosion tuesday at the nuclear plant led to temporary radiation spike .  one company says the disaster could be the most expensive in histor .
 women in somali city must cover up or go to jail <sec> islamist militia that controls baidoa issued order effective tuesday .  clothing must cover heads and bodies , must be black , white or red .  somali media say women who do n't conform will spend 12 hours in jail .  edict could get a boost from parliament vote to allow islamic la .
 bangladesh ex-premier 's son among 30 people indicted in grenade attack <sec> tarique rahman is among 52 total indicted in the deadly 2004 attack at a political rally .  his mother , the former premier , blames political vendettas for his prosecution .  rahman lives in england and will be tried in absentia , prosecutor say .
 opinion : jobless rate is worse than you think <sec> heidi shierholz : jobless rate improvement has been caused by all the wrong reasons .  she says rate down because workers have dropped out or are not entering labor force .  shierholz : demand for goods , services has n't gone up enough for businesses to hire more .  she says restore state , local public services : priority has to be jobs , not deficit reductio .
 five killed as alaska sightseeing plane crashes <sec> small plane crashes on sightseeing tour in mountainous area of alaska .  four cruise ship passengers and plane 's pilot killed .  cruise line cancels future tours with company that operated plan .
 australian spinner macgill calls it quits <sec> australian leg-spinner stuart macgill has announced he will quit test cricket .  the 37-year-old made his test debut 10 years ago and has taken 207 wickets .  macgill took only wicket to fall in rain-interrupted third day of second test .  shivnarine chanderpaul and dwayne bravo compile unbroken stand of 7 .
 1,200 inmates break out of benghazi prison <sec> of the 1,200 who escaped , 18 have been captured and a few have surrendered .  prime minister : residents stormed the prison because they did n't want it in their area .  authorities could n't draw their arms on the residents , allowing them to help the prisoners .  city official : benghazi 's security apparatus `` suffers from the lack of manpower and equipment .
 thailand heads for new elections after protests <sec> new : king bhumibol approves parliament dissolution .  new : prime minister : `` it is again a new start for people to move thailand forward '' .  voters go to the polls july 3 , the acting government spokesman says .  supporters of a former prime minister clashed with government backers last yea .
 abu ghraib photos provoked shock , then anger , for arabs <sec> the scandal took the u.s. from unpopular to despised in the arab world , nasr says .  many had not believed stories of abuse in arab media before the photos came out .  now , many think the worst of the u.s. ; new photos would not change that , nasr say .
 a cupcake sellout at 'inherently racist ' bake sale by uc berkeley republicans <sec> no problems occur at satirical bake sale -- just hot debate , organizer says .  bake sale lampooned a bill that would allow race and gender to be considered in admissions .  group leader : `` we agree that the event is inherently racist , but that is the point '' .  berkeley 's student government countered with a call-in supporting the bill , sb 18 .
 tea party leader says he 's done talking about race controversy <sec> williams says tea party controversy is `` a world wrestling style personality conflict '' .  the national tea party federation has expelled williams and his tea party express .  williams wrote a satirical letter that opponents say was racist .  the firing signals a possible split in the tea party movemen .
 pakistan bombings reach 'unprecedented ' level <sec> 19 suicide bombings have rocked pakistan over the last three months .  terror analyst : number of attacks `` unprecedented '' as taliban , al qaeda join forces .  man wounded in attack says `` bloody cowards '' must be stoppe .
 act now to prevent 'digital caste system ' says google 's schmidt <sec> google 's eric schmidt says web `` still a scarce resource '' for majority of world 's citizens .  schmidt : `` for most people the digital revolution has not arrived yet '' .  isolated communities need peer-to-peer data-sharing networks , he says .  schmidt : `` technology is a leveler , and those with nothing will have something .
 car colors : white to blend in , green for rebels <sec> white ranks as the top color for automobiles in the u.s. and globally , a survey finds .  while more than 1 in 5 like white , only 1 in 50 go for green , the survey finds .  white was at the top of a 2004 survey , to .
 f1 drivers get back to work after jules bianchi 's crash <sec> formula one must get back to business at the russian gp on friday five days after jules bianchi 's crash .  the 25-year-old marussia driver remains seriously ill in a japanese hospital .  former driver john watson says modern f1 drivers sees themselves as `` indestructible '' .  david brabham says accidents like this can `` hit you like a bolt of lightning . .
 robert o'neill , ex-seal , says he shot bin laden - cnnpolitics.com <sec> former navy seal says he shot and killed osama bin laden .  `` i did n't think i would survive , '' he said in an interview with the washington pos .
 feds to tighten school nutrition standards <sec> the usda proposes rule to increase availability of fruits , vegetables and grains in school lunches .  strict calorie intake guidelines would be set .  poor areas will get more money for subsidized lunche .
 cheating is as old as the olympics <sec> nine athletes tested positive for doping and banned from the 2012 olympics .  david potter : for as long as there have been games , there have been stories of cheating .  he says cheating methods in ancient times included bribery and dirty tricks .  potter : at olympia , athletes had to dedicate a monument recording their cheatin .
 driver who survived bridge collapse : 'i ca n't believe i 'm alive ' <sec> new : `` i thought i was going to die , '' driver says .  man says pickup truck was folded in half ; he just has cut on face .  driver : `` i probably had a 30- , 35-foot free fall '' .  minnesota bridge collapsed during rush hour wednesda .
 red cross president forced out over 'personal relationship ' <sec> red cross says it became aware of the relationship 10 days ago .  relationship allegedly involves a subordinate female red cross employee .  board `` concluded that the situation reflected poor judgment on mr. everson 's part '' .  everson : i `` deeply regret it is impossible for me to continue .
 father of would-be nyc subway bomber sentenced <sec> new : mohammed wali zazi is sentenced to 4.5 years in prison .  he was found guilty of obstructing investigation , misleading investigators .  his son , najibullah zazi , pleaded guilty to planning the attacks in february 201 .
 protests erupt in bangladesh after war-crimes verdict <sec> the demonstrations began tuesday , when abdul quader mollah was sentenced to life .  he was found guilty of 5 of 6 charges , including crimes against humanity .  he declared he is innocent and cursed the judges in court .  four people have died in related violence in the port city of chittagon .
 bombing injures somali interior minister <sec> attack on abdukadir ali omar left him with shrapnel wounds to his leg .  explosion occurred about noon at the bakaraha market in mogadishu .  interior minister is a popular moderate in somalia .  fueled concerns moderate islamists would strike against hardline al-shaba .
 arrest made in killing of rapper doe b in alabama <sec> murder suspect jason mcwilliams , 25 , turned himself in sunday night .  mcwilliams is being held without bond on two counts of capital murder .  the nightclub where saturday 's shooting happened has been closed by montgomery .  the shooting stemmed from an ongoing dispute between the rapper and suspect , police sa .
 florida authorities arrest 22 in child sex sting <sec> sting dubbed `` be mine '' nets 22 people allegedly targeting children for sex .  three suspects have walt disney world as their employer .  detectives posed as children or parents in various online chat forum .
 iran blocks youtube , google over mohammed video <sec> iran warns citizens not to try to access youtube or google after the internet sites are blocked .  the islamic republic is responding to a controversial video mocking mohammed .  some protests against the video have turned violent , but most have been peacefu .
 salvation army uses # thedress to raise domestic violence awareness <sec> # thedress was an internet sensation : is it blue and black or white and gold ? .  the salvation army in south africa is using it to raise awareness .  the reaction has been mostly positiv .
 un committee denounces myanmar human rights record <sec> general assembly subset committee slams `` ongoing systematic violation of human rights '' .  u.n. chief emphasizes the importance of a peaceful democratic transition .  suu kyi has spent 15 of the past 21 years under house arrest .  suu kyi is a 1991 nobel peace prize recipien .
 candidate 's gun remarks should scare us all ( opinion ) <sec> paul begala : iowa candidate joni ernst told nra she has right to use her gun against government .  he says : this is scary . .  here 's a question for ernst : under what circumstances is it ok do this ? .  founders : citizen-soldiers might act on behalf of government , not shoot at it , he says .  begala owns 22 guns . .  citizens do n't have right to turn weapons on police , military , governmen .
 why 3-d tv still has n't caught on <sec> 3-d television now looks like over-hyped technology in hindsight .  23 million 3-d tvs were shipped in 2011 worldwide , only 3.6 million shipped in u.s .  u.s. household penetration for 3-d tvs is at about 3 .
 report : microsoft to offer $ 99 xbox 360 bundle with service commitment <sec> report : microsoft will offer $ 99 kinect with $ 15 per month online service charge .  the move could position xbox as the center of living room entertainment .  cnn has not confirmed the report , which comes from the verg .
 connie nielsen : inspired by the city of her dreams <sec> connie nielsen says she refuses the fame and money side of acting .  she says the long winters mean the residents have to be creative .  copenhagen is full of history and culture , and nielsen loves its museums .  the city is very beautiful and the light has `` a very special quality , '' she say .
 holy blu-ray ! the five best original 'batman ' moments <sec> the 1966 `` batman '' tv series is out on blu-ray and dvd .  the show was a phenomenon when it first aired .  the series was campy compared with the current batman in comics , film and t .
 4 killed by bicycle blast in southwestern pakistan <sec> explosives planted in a bicycle go off in a busy area of quetta .  all four people killed are civilians , police say .  no group has claimed responsibility for the attac .
 north korea blasts u.s. over release of 'the interview ' <sec> a statement called president obama the `` chief culprit '' who forced distribution of the picture .  north korea 's defense commission denounced the u.s. for blaming a hack on the country .  in the screwball comedy , a tabloid journalist is asked to assassinate kim jong-un .  in the end , the leader dies doing battle with the journalis .
 perry heads to europe despite ebola situation <sec> texas gov . .  rick perry left this week for an economic development trip to europe .  his trip comes as texas officials monitor dallas health care workers for ebola .  democrats criticized perry for leaving the state while the ebola threat exist .
