 a little rain , a lot of problems <sec> new : illinois official says flooding could have been worse if not for drought .  rain delays a reduction in water levels in areas hit hard by flooding .  fargo , north dakota , is preparing for flooding .  the rain and flooding have caused four deaths , local authorities and news media sa .
 china : date set for rio tinto bribe trial verdict <sec> mining firm executive on charges of bribery and theft of commercial secrets .  three other rio tinto employees tried on the same charges .  case has raised fears of chinese government crackdown on foreign companie .
 prosecutors to appeal 30-day sentence in rutgers gay bullying case <sec> new : there 's `` very little chance '' the sentence will be overturned , cnn 's toobin says .  the judge says he took dharun ravi 's age and other factors into consideration .  ravi was convicted of invasion of privacy , bias intimidation and other charges .  tyler clementi , 18 , then killed himself , setting off a national discussion about bullyin .
 africa cup of nations : wins for senegal and algeria <sec> senegal picks up three points in group c opener against ghana .  mame biram diouf equalizes for senegal before moussa sow scores late winner .  title favorites algeria defeat south africa 3- .
 a week of upheaval in egyptian politics <sec> mohamed morsy started the week as president ; ends it in custody .  military used power to break morsy 's rule after just 12 months .  future is uncertain but decisions will be felt regionally and globall .
 muted ceremony marks end of iraq war <sec> u.s. committed to assisting iraq , clinton says .  a quiet ceremony ends a costly war that divided america .  in baghdad , defense secretary leon panetta pays tribute to u.s. troops .  more than 4,500 american troops have died in iraq since 200 .
 sugarhill gang rapper big bank hank dead at 57 <sec> rapper `` big bank hank , '' whose real name was henry jackson , died tuesday morning .  he was a member of the sugarhill gang , famous for their hit `` rapper 's delight '' .  the 1979 song was the first rap tune to reach the top 40 on the u.s. chart .
 sri lanka limits maids working saudi arabia after beheading <sec> sri lanka changes minimum age to 25 for maids to work in saudi arabia .  the move comes after a sri lankan woman was beheaded in saudi arabia .  saudi officials defended the execution saying the woman was lawfully convicte .
 robert downey jr. injures ankle on set of 'iron man 3 ' <sec> downey 's injury halted production of `` iron man 3 '' .  the film has been in production since may .  downey 's rep confirmed to ew that the star would be fin .
 profiler : fort hood suspect a loner <sec> profiler : hasan fits profile of mass murderer better than that of terrorist .  maj. nidal hasan accused of fatally shooting 13 , wounding 40 at fort hood .  cleric at mosque hasan once attended : he was withdrawn after mother 's 2001 deat .
 bridenstine previews conservative opposition to boehner <sec> rep. ted yoho is the latest gop house member to say he wo n't back john boehner for speaker .  other conservatives are expected to oppose boehner , too -- just as they did in the 2013 speaker 's election .  boehner can afford to lose up to 29 republicans and still win another two years in the pos .
 protests over austerity measures injure 36 in barcelona <sec> protests leave 36 people injured in barcelona .  protesters are upset over anticipated austerity measures .  spain is in an economic crisis with 21 % unemployment , 42 % among young peopl .
 10 of the world 's best fresh markets <sec> great markets attract even those visitors with no intention of cooking .  take a stroll through la boqueria in barcelona to discover the best spanish hams .  hong kong 's kowloon city wet market stands out in a city known for great market .
 tattersalls : tycoons vie to buy 'ultimate racehorse ' <sec> a look inside tattersalls , the oldest bloodstock auction house in the world and biggest in europe .  scene of the richest horse sale in european history in october valued at £5.25million .  record in danger of being broken with mare in foal to frankel up for sale .  some 10,000 horses are sold there each year with a plus-£200m turnover annuall .
 are voters still picking leader of free world ? <sec> frida ghitis : president once considered leader of free world , a key influence in world .  she says it 's less so now , but world riveted on presidential election and its wide impact .  she says obama popularity had ebbed globally but is up again , now that romney is opponent .  ghitis : world is attentive , because u.s. president remains most powerful person on eart .
 mysterious death of mi6 spy grips britain <sec> gareth williams ' naked body was found in a locked bag in the bathtub of his london home .  britain has been fascinated by revelations concerning the intelligence agent 's death .  williams had unusual sexual interests , according to his internet history .  agents trained in the `` dark arts '' of espionage may have been involved , his family believe .
 apple abandons green certification <sec> apple drops green electronics certification called epeat .  the group certifies gadgets as energy efficient and recyclable .  epeat head says apple 's `` design direction '' may be to blame .  san francisco 's government says it no longer will purchase apple product .
 clinton , bush survey state of haiti <sec> clinton said congress should extend trade preferences for haiti .  bush wanted to remind people `` there is still suffering and work to be done here '' .  haitians happy to see presidents , but shouted `` down with préval .
 iran denies reports of grenade lobbed at ahmadinejad 's convoy <sec> new : iran 's media advisor said western journalists blew the story out of proportion .  a man threw a grenade at ahmadinejad 's convoy , iranian reports said .  the white house is seeking more information to determine what happene .
 opinion : no room for lecherous mayors <sec> seven women have come forward to say san diego mayor was sexually inappropriate .  ruben navarrette : mayor bob filner is going to therapy , but it 's unlikely to cure longtime problem .  filner is being sued and wants city to pay his legal bills , he says , but that 's ridiculous .  navarrette : what filner really needs to do is resign , because problem is not going awa .
 the billion-dollar grudge match : the enormity of el clasico <sec> real madrid and barcelona are spain 's richest and most successful football teams .  their rivalry began in 1902 , when barcelona won a spanish cup semifinal 3-1 .  the teams have since shared 51 spanish la liga titles , madrid winning 31 to barca 's 20 .  in 2011 barcelona and real madrid were drawn to play four times in 18 day .
 what plants are toxic to cats ? <sec> easter lilies , stargazers and oriental varieties can cause severe kidney failure and death .  sago palms feature long feathery leaves that contain a toxin which causes liver damage .  lycorine in daffodils and tulipalin a and b in tulips can cause convulsions and vomitin .
 socialists win in greece ; 'hard work ' ahead , papandreou says <sec> 87 % of votes counted ; socialists to get about 160 seats in 300-seat parliament .  socialist leader george papandreou to greeks : `` i will always be honest '' .  during campaign , papandreou proposed massive stimulus for weak economy .  sunday 's national elections were held two years before originally schedule .
 second irish bishop resigns over sex abuse scandal <sec> irish bishop resigns after government report on sex abuse of children by catholic clergy .  bishop jim moriarty was not directly criticized in the murphy report .  he was a member of dublin archdiocese leadership before it put proper protections in place .  donal murray , limerick bishop , resigned in december after being named in abuse cover u .
 palins describe brawl in police recordings <sec> alaska police released recordings of a brawl that included several members of sarah palin 's family . .  palin 's daughter bristol describes being dragged across the grass and called names in the recordings . .  others who attended the party said she was the instigator .
 group challenges acai berry weight-loss claims <sec> companies offering free trials of acai pills accused of bilking consumers .  health claims about acai berries are unsubstantiated by research .  connecticut attorney general called acai claims `` fabrications .
 from building homes to baking biscotti <sec> after losing job in 2008 , jessica vu transformed passion for baking biscotti into business .  she built business using cottage bakery laws that let home bakers sell goods .  she attributes her success to finding a niche market .  `` sometimes , you need to branch out if what you are doing is n't inspiring you , '' vu sai .
 students accused in spring break gang rape <sec> case begins when police find video of what appears to be a gang rape .  2 students from troy university in alabama are charged in the cas .
 king : veterans ' stories show cost of military service <sec> savannah police officer lives with physical , mental injuries from iraq war .  veteran is skeptical about plans to pull out of iraq .  50-year-old colleague on force is being called back into service .  he 's not complaining -- `` once a soldier , always a soldier , '' he say .
 miami beyond the beaches <sec> make your way to wynwood for the monthly art walk .  head to lario 's or havana harry 's for cuban cuisine .  take a boat tour to see celebrity island homes .  take a tour of art deco structures in miami beac .
 unusual -- and legal -- ways to make money <sec> many americans are looking for creative ways to make ends meet .  a hair-selling web site says it 's seen a 20 percent increase in recent months .  a texas man makes a living participating in medical trials .  guests of gold exchange parties swap stories , have drinks and sell jewelr .
 why obamacare champ beshear split on same-sex marriage <sec> kentucky governor will challenge decision to overturn state 's same-sex marriage ban .  steve beshear said he wants to see `` finality '' on the issue .  he is a democratic governor in a conservative state .  his son is running for state-wide offic .
 rogue ex-cop is heavily armed , trained and out there somewhere <sec> as darkness and snow falls , police scale back manhunt until saturday .  `` the possibility exists that he is here , somewhere in the forest , '' official says .  christopher dorner may have as many as 30 guns with him , a source says .  dorner is trained in counterinsurgency and intelligence , the source say .
 what will save rock 'n ' roll ? <sec> steven van zandt : bands are n't woodshedding , are n't learning rock 'n ' roll history .  record label head : `` square pegs ultimately who are going to change the world '' .  ways to counter trend : use technology wisely , invest in histor .
 prosecutors appeal oscar pistorius judgment , sentence <sec> verdict can be changed only if a court rules the judge misapplied law , cnn legal analyst says .  pistorius was sentenced to five years in prison last month .  the track star was found guilty of culpable homicide .  the prosecution says pistorius ' sentence is `` shockingly light .
 opponents dispute nicaraguan election results <sec> official results say ortega won reelection with more than 62 % of votes .  police say protests and clashes throughout the country have left at least four dead .  the organization of american states reports irregularities , but ratifies the results .  a human rights representative says police are behind violence , but police blame protester .
 suspicion grows over norwegian 's role in kenya mall attack -- norway <sec> suspicion that a norwegian was involved `` has been strengthened , '' security service says .  the norwegian citizen in question has not been named by authorities .  norway 's security service is investigating in kenya and norway .  the suspect is believed to have ties to a top al-shabaab commander , known as ikrim .
 opening statements made in college lacrosse player 's murder trial <sec> jurors hear differing accounts of virginia student 's 2010 death .  prosecution contends defendant fatally injured yeardley love during a fight .  george huguely 's defense calls the death an accident .  the suspect and victim were members of uva 's highly ranked lacrosse team .
 anti-abortion group targets planned parenthood in undercover video <sec> the anti-abortion group live action secretly taped a video at a planned parenthood facility .  the group sent a man and a woman posing as a sex-trafficking pimp and a prostitute .  a planned parenthood employee purportedly advised them on abortions for underage girls .  planned parenthood says the employee has been fire .
 where burgers , fried twinkies and fat darrells began <sec> famous american foods created across united states .  connecticut diner claims creation of the hamburger .  onion rings were courtesy of cook at pig stand in texas .  fat darrell came from `` grease trucks '' at rutgers universit .
 russia boots out usaid <sec> the state department says itis `` extremely proud '' of the work usaid did in russia .  russia says it was undermined by the u.s. agency for international development .  usaid had worked in russia for two decade .
 child shooting victims : what we 've learned from the past <sec> three children were wounded in a 1999 shooting in los angeles .  the survivors of the connecticut school shooting have a long road ahead , one says .  now in their teens , the survivors say they were traumatized for years .  `` i could n't be an average child , '' says ben kadis .
 for more weight loss , exercise less ? <sec> exercise is n't enough to lead to weight loss , research has shown .  a new danish study shows that a half-hour of exercise may be the ideal .  researcher suggests those who intensely exercise may compensate by overeatin .
 nasa faults equipment in columbia shuttle disaster <sec> nasa released a report tuesday on the last minutes of space shuttle columbia .  seven astronauts died when the spacecraft broke up while returning to earth in 2003 .  report : astronauts knew for about 40 seconds that they 'd lost control of craft .  report also cited problems with the crew 's helmets , spacesuits and restraint .
 funeral to be held monday for slain georgia girl <sec> jorelys rivera 's father says he is `` relieved '' to have her back in puerto rico .  girl , 7 , will be buried in penuelas on tuesday , he says .  child disappeared december 2 and was found dead three days later .  20-year-old maintenance worker is accused of killing he .
 'redefining girly ' book takes on stereotypes , what girly means <sec> `` redefining girly '' is a new book about fighting the stereotyping of girls .  author melissa atkins wardy started a business selling empowering tees for girls .  gender stereotypes in products lead to sexualization of girls , atkins wardy says .  advice to parents ? .  help your girls create their own `` personal brand .
 documentary shines light on farmers displaced by accidental fumigation <sec> a new documentary shows the plight of displaced farmers in colombia .  some are dispaced because of aerial fumigations intended for illicit crops , group says .  the u.n. says colombia has the world 's highest rate of internal displacemen .
 san francisco police look at 'night stalker ' for 25-year-old case <sec> detectives recently obtained a warrant to test ramirez 's dna .  warrant based on new leads in the 1984 death of 9-year-old mei leung .  ramirez convictions include 13 murders , five attempted murders , 11 sexual assault .
 hurricane rina could strengthen <sec> rina is just shy of being a category 3 hurricane .  the united states issues a travel alert .  shoppers head to local supermarkets in cancun , lining up to buy bread and wate .
 chris brown 's jet makes emergency landing <sec> brown was on his way from los angeles to new york .  he was on his way to attend monday night 's met gala event .  brown resumed his trip without incident on another je .
 climate change raises stakes for coast <sec> ben orlove : some people still look at hurricanes through an outdated perspective .  he says officials have been pro-active in preparing for the storm .  climate change has raised sea level , he says , and storm surge endangers subways .  he asks : why ca n't we take the threat of climate change as seriously as the storm .
 'they burned my heart before they burned my body ' <sec> mariam khaowleh , her husband and their family fled to lebanon from their home in homs , syria .  three of their four children have a blood disease that makes it difficult to digest certain foods .  after they were excluded from targeted food aid mariam says it was hard to feed her family .  she says she appealed for but was denied re-inclusion and finally set herself aligh .
 if ireland had abortion rights <sec> savita halappanavar died in ireland after being denied an abortion .  latanya mapp frett : before roe v. wade , women in u.s. often died from unsafe abortions .  frett : abortion opponents in u.s. are trying to end a woman 's right to free choice .  banning abortion does not stop it , she writes , it leads to more women dyin .
 air force instructor handed 20-year sentence for abuse <sec> an air force instructor has been convicted of rape and aggravated sexual assault .  he was implicated in a sex abuse scandal involving 10 female recruits .  walker is among 12 instructors investigated for sexual misconduct .  six face charges in the scanda .
 president obama warns russia to stay out of ukraine <sec> president obama says `` we are now deeply concerned '' by reports of military movements inside ukraine .  obama said ukraine 's fate must be determined by its people .  the u.s. ambassador to the united nations calls for international mediation .  senate foreign relations committee members back u.s. assistance in ukrain .
 detroit 's ambassador bridge reopens after threat <sec> bomb threat closes the ambassador bridge between detroit and windsor , ontario .  a coast guard spokesman says it is `` too soon '' to determine who sent the threat .  a similar threat last week closes the detroit-windsor tunne .
 bahrain opposition leader arrested , charged with inciting terrorism <sec> new : opposition suspending participation in national dialogue , party official says .  bahrain 's public prosecution office says khalil al marzooq is affiliated with a terrorist group .  activists say charges are politically motivated , country 's leaders want to stifle dissent .  al marzooq was arrested after being interrogated about a speech he delivered last wee .
 the british-born artist who became one of india 's leading talents <sec> bharti kher was raised in england , but has become one of india 's leading artists .  she traveled to new delhi on the toss of a coin , but has stayed ever since .  much of her work uses bindis , the forehead decoration worn by indian wome .
 gadhafi 's son , ex-officials faces charges in 2011 uprising at trial <sec> saif al-islam gadhafi was the heir apparent before father , moammar , was ousted .  gadhafi , other former officials face charges , including killing protesters , in 2011 uprising .  human right watch questions libya 's ability to conduct a fair tria .
 sobs , cries as rwanda marks 20th anniversary of genocide <sec> solemn commemorations mark 20 years since genocide began .  france canceled plans over weekend to send minister to kigali on monday .  this followed accusations of french involvement in the massacre by rwanda president .  in 1994 , a three-month killing spree left an estimated 800,000 people dea .
 got junk in your trunk ? <sec> reporter tries to uncover secret contents of average american trunk .  unscientific study finds vast majority of trunks are clean and uncluttered .  athletic folks tend to use their car 's trunk as a smelly , portable gym locker .  one trunk includes machete , axe and hammer wrapped in shee .
 how to avoid salesmen when buying a car <sec> you can solicit best price quotes from car dealers over the internet .  you can shop the lowest price to other dealers to see if they will match or beat it .  individuals can also buy car from dealer 's fleet departmen .
 analog tv watchers not ready for digital world <sec> congress delays nationwide switch to digital tv until june 12 .  some of those who have n't switched say they ca n't afford to pay for cable tv .  for some , tv is a companion and a source of comfort .  for others , television is an annoyance . .  one atlantan may not switch to digita .
 interview : cameron sinclair <sec> cameron sinclair is taking part in principles voices debate on july 9 .  sinclair helping rebuild biloxi three years after it was ravaged by hurricane katrina .  architecture for humanity operates in 26 countries and has about 4000 volunteer .
