 opinion : could americans ever give up their pills ? <sec> study found exercise may be as effective as pills in fighting some medical conditions .  aaron carroll : when doctors write prescriptions , they and the drug company make money .  carroll : exercise costs almost nothing , if at all , but people are n't prone to do it .  carroll : numbers of people who take statins for heart disease will overpower those exercisin .
 donda west 's surgeon faced malpractice suits , records show <sec> beverly hills surgeon is in also in trouble over several dui cases , official said .  jan adams has `` multiple convictions for alcohol-related offenses '' .  adams operated on entertainer kanye west 's mother a day before she died .  adams has settled at least two malpractice suit .
 britain apologizes to thalidomide victims <sec> there are currently 466 people in the uk whose expectant mothers took the drug .  drug , prescribed from 1958 to 1962 for morning sickness , linked to birth defects .  also affected babies from kenya to peru to japan , most of the cases in germany .  health minister : uk government creating a $ 32.5m fund to meet health need .
 britain 's prince harry apologizes for offensive language <sec> prince harry apologizes for offensive language used while on duty three years ago .  videos surface of him calling one soldier `` paki , '' another called `` raghead '' .  british ministry of defense plans to investigate allegation .
 hillary clinton : america 's legal system 'out of balance ' <sec> hillary clinton said thursday the criminal justice system is `` out of balance '' .  speaking in boston , clinton praised the justice department 's decision to review recent grand jury decisions .  clinton was speaking before a crowd of 10,000 women when she commented on ferguson , staten islan .
 peruvian judges to sentence van der sloot for woman 's murder <sec> joran van der sloot is set to be sentenced in a peruvian court on friday .  he pleaded guilty wednesday to `` qualified murder '' and robbery .  the dutch national killed stephany flores , 21 , in a peruvian hotel room .  flores ' family plans to be in court for friday 's sentencing , her brother say .
 gunman kills 5 in finnish mall shooting spree <sec> police report that sixth victim in shootings is gunman ibrahim shkupolli .  shooting at finnish shopping center left at least four people dead .  three men and one woman reported to have been killed .  shooting took place in town of espoo near finland 's capital city helsink .
 three men plead guilty to federal hate crimes in mississippi killing <sec> new : the defendants admitted to previous assaults in the jackson area , prosecutors say .  three men plead guilty to federal hate crimes in mississippi killing .  one of the defendants pleaded guilty to a state murder charge wednesday .  they are the first charged with a killing under a 2009 federal hate-crime la .
 fanzone preview : the german bundesliga <sec> bundesliga champions wolfsburg kick off the new season against stuttgart .  eight teams will have a new coach in charge for the forthcoming campaign .  franck ribery could be a key player for bayern munich if he stays at the club .  have your say on who you think will win the bundesliga in the sound off belo .
 boeing uses potatoes for in-flight wireless test <sec> boeing tests new methods to provide wireless signals to passengers .  instead of loading a plane with people for the tests , it piles in potatoes .  the tubers mimic the way the human body responds to electronic signal .
 china urges 'political resolution ' to syria crisis <sec> new : at least 121 dead across syria , opposition says .  rebels target military headquarters in aleppo .  chinese back international envoy lakhdar brahimi .  deaths mount across syria on wednesday , opposition say .
 could south africa 's horn sale end rhino slaughter ? <sec> south africa will ask for permission to sell some of its stockpiled rhino horn .  government hopes the move will prevent more mass killings of rhinos .  but critics argue that this could risk fueling demand even further .  rhinos are increasingly coming under attack from poachers for their horn .
 pi day 2014 celebrated throughout the united states <sec> math geeks and others celebrate pi day every march 14 .  pi , or roughly 3.14 , is the ratio of circumference to diameter of a circle .  the pi day holiday idea started at the exploratorium museum in san francisco .  albert einstein was also born on march 1 .
 human rights group urges kurds to ban female circumcision <sec> report calls on authorities in iraqi kurdistan to ban female circumcision .  critics say practice oppresses women .  victim describes forcible procedure at age 5 .  hrw wants `` clear message '' against practic .
 photographs of madonna could sell for $ 10,000 each <sec> christie 's to auction madonna photos .  one is full-frontal nude shot taken by lee friedlander .  nude photo expected to sell for $ 10,000 to $ 15,00 .
 chelsea clinton , romneys to attend same manhattan luncheon - cnnpolitics.com <sec> chelsea clinton and marc mezvinsky will attend a manhattan luncheon tomorrow for the ann romney center .  mitt and ann romney will also attend , according to two sources familiar with the event .  the meetings will come days after mitt romney , who is floating his own 2016 run , dinged hillary clinton in a speec .
 u.s. basketball stars to visit britain <sec> manchester will host the u.s. men 's and women 's olympic basketball teams .  the city will also stage nba and wnba pre-season matches in the coming years .  u.s. basketball bosses hoping to boost sport 's popularity in the uk .  toronto raptors and new jersey nets to play first regular-season nba match in londo .
 poll : most americans say tibet should be independent <sec> most support tibetan independence from china , cnn poll says .  poll also suggests 56 percent of americans have favorable view of dalai lama .  president obama to meet with exiled tibetan spiritual leader on thursda .
 boko haram more worrying than isis <sec> j. peter pham : boko haram makes significant territorial strides .  its attacks show growing military sophistication , he say .
 rockets fired from gaza as fragile cease-fire ends <sec> egyptian-brokered truce , which began june 19 , has expired .  ceasefire had applied to all militant groups -- including hamas , islamic jihad .  qassam rockets fired friday from gaza into separate israeli communities .  islamic jihad sources claimed responsibility for firing the rocket .
 british government asks , 'what makes you happy ? ' <sec> the prime minister launches a national survey to measure well-being .  it asks people what aspects of life matter most to them .  cameron says the gdp falls short of measuring a nation 's well-bein .
 women sweep high-profile races in tuesday primaries <sec> sen. blanche lincoln wins arkansas runoff .  nikki haley , rep. gresham barrett face runoff in south carolina governor 's race .  meg whitman wins battle for gop gubernatorial nomination in california .  nevada gov . .  jim gibbons loses in primar .
 tsvangirai : zimbabwe will hold elections in 12 months <sec> tsvangirai seeks end of current coalition government .  zimbabwe 's finance minister says the country 's poor performance can not finance elections this year .  tsvangirai says his party will form the next government and resuscitate the econom .
 richard kiel , actor who was bond villain 'jaws , ' dies <sec> richard kiel played a steel-toothed villain in `` the spy who loved me '' and `` moonraker '' .  the 7-foot-2-inch actor was born in detroit in 1939 .  his cause of death has not been release .
 gop , dems rally behind nazi social security benefit ban <sec> congress shows bipartisanship is still alive by rallying around a bill to ban nazis from receiving u.s. social security benefits .  democratic rep. carolyn maloney of new york estimates about four individuals are still eligible for payment .
 48 dead after earthquake rocks guatemala <sec> at least 48 people are dead , guatemala 's president says .  state media : 60,000 people remain without power after the quake .  guatemala 's president says it 's the country 's largest quake in decades .  homes and schools are reportedly destroyed by the quak .
 daniel chong , forgotten in dea cell , settles suit for $ 4.1 million <sec> `` i was screaming . .  i was completely insane , '' student tells station .  college student daniel chong was detained after a dea raid at a friend 's house in 2012 .  he was left in a cell for five days without food or water and lost 15 pounds , attorney says .  chong has since returned to university to earn an economics degree , attorney say .
 formula one changes rules after tire chaos <sec> formula one to change rules on in-season testing and tire changes .  teams to run tire tests at silverstone on july 17-19 .  fia president jean todt says driver safety must be the priority .  six tire blow-outs at the british grand prix have inflated safety concern .
 dr. oz insomnia cure left man lame , lawsuit says <sec> `` knapsack heated rice footsie '' caused third-degree burns to feet , lawsuit contends .  dr. oz should 've warned frank dietl about risks to someone with neuropathy , it says .  neuropathy caused by diabetes lessens sensitivity in lower extremities .  oz show info is `` safe and educational for our viewers , '' oz spokesman say .
 can 'the lego movie ' really be that good ? <sec> movie critics have crowned `` the lego movie '' as a must-see .  reviews are pegging it as a cross between pixar and `` south park .
 mississippi toddler still hiv free <sec> doctors say girl who was born hiv positive is hiv-free after 2 1/2 years .  they treated her with drugs before diagnosis was confirmed .  she is considered to be `` functionally cured '' of hiv , researchers say .  researchers hope to one day improve outcomes for other peopl .
 state dept . email archiving process puts clinton on the spot <sec> hillary clinton used a private email address while secretary of state .  she 's said she thought her communications to officials were always saved .  however , a state department official says emails were n't automatically archived until last mont .
 kvitova ends drought with dubai title <sec> world no . .  8 petra kvitova triumphs in $ 2 million dubai tournament .  czech beats seventh-ranked italian sara errani 6-2 1-6 6-1 in saturday 's final .  it is her first title in six months and the 10th of the 2011 wimbledon winner 's career .  her compatriot tomas berdych plays jo-wilfried tsonga in sunday 's marseille open fina .
 the time to honor iraq vets is now <sec> timothy kudo : some are clamoring for parades and recognition for returing iraq vets .  he says bloomberg and pentagon want to wait , but vets need acknowledgment now .  he says civil-military divide alienates vets , slows connection with needed services .  kudo : u.s. must step up , validate the morally , politically tough task of serving one 's country in wa .
 woody allen denies dylan farrow 's sexual assault allegation <sec> woody allen 's representative calls letter `` untrue and disgraceful '' .  open letter by dylan farrow is published by the new york times online .  she says woody allen sexually assaulted her in 1992 , when she was 7 .  former prosecutor : `` i hope she finds some peace and solace .
 fema head : 'stay inside , stay safe ' until storm clears <sec> fugate says the storm remains dangerous even when downgraded .  some people could face a loss of power for days , he say .
 ex-holy cross basketball player 's suit accuses coach of abuse <sec> a former basketball player says she was physically abused by her coach .  ashley cooper , 20 , says holy cross coach bill gibbons hit her , yanked her collar .  holy cross will review the allegations ; gibbons is on administrative leav .
 surprising first products of 14 famous companies <sec> 14 famous companies switched industries or at least products .  wrigley 's first bubbles came from soap , but gave gum away to customers .  telecom giant nokia began with a pulp plant to make paper .  hasbro started with textiles , moved into school supplies then into toy .
 bulgarian woman claims she 's maria 's mom : 'we gifted her ' <sec> `` they did n't sell the girl , '' says boy who claims to be maria 's brother .  `` i did n't have any food to give to the kid , '' purported mother says .  dna test will be done friday to determine if bulargian woman 's claim is true .  greece authorities took maria from roma home last wee .
 how sponsor 's exit has helped lotus f1 <sec> lotus team principal eric boullier is impressed with the team 's start to the season .  kimi raikkonen and romain grosjean have collected 84 points for the team in five races .  2007 world champion raikkonen and grosjean both finished on the podium in bahrain .  team performing well despite parting with title sponsor group lotu .
 train cars with toxic cargo fall off new jersey bridge <sec> new : 71 go to hospital , 68 are released .  `` there is no environmental emergency , '' a state official says .  a toxic chemical from one derailed train car has dissipated , an official says .  a national transportation safety board team arrives on the scen .
 what changed the olympics forever <sec> bob greene : for decades , the olympic games banned professional athletes .  he says the decision to admit pros changed the nature of the games .  greene : having pro athletes compete increases potential for games to make money .  he says as long as the olympics are televised , pros will be there to compet .
 peaches geldof autopsy inconclusive , police say <sec> police : postmortem examination after peaches geldof 's death is inconclusive .  a toxicology report may take several weeks , police say .  geldof , 25 , was found dead at her home in kent , southeast of london .  in a column for a parenting magazine , she wrote of her bliss at being a mother to two babie .
 bloody sunday to be remembered with final march <sec> sunday marks the 39th anniversary of the massacre in northern ireland .  a report last year found british troops were to blame for the killing of 14 people .  that reversed decades of official explanations .  sinn fein : `` the truth has been brought home at last .
 end of an era for tourist trips to ghostly wreck of titanic <sec> a series of dive expeditions will take tourists to the wreck of the titanic this summer .  enthusiasts can pay $ 59,000 to reserve a place on one of the dive trips .  the company running the tours says it is unlikely to do so agai .
 australia : sat phone info gives extra detail on mh370 <sec> official : airline staff tried to reach the plane by satellite phone after it dropped off radar .  the call failed , but later analysis has given experts a better idea of mh370 's position .  the indian ocean search zone for the missing aircraft remains the same .  some areas a little to the south may be of `` particular interest , '' australian deputy pm say .
 daily vitamin b could slow alzheimer 's onset , study finds <sec> vitamin b could halve the rate of brain shrinkage in those with mild cognitive impairment .  mci can be a precursor to alzheimer 's and other forms of dementia .  the benefits of certain b vitamins are already known .  researchers caution that further and larger studies are needed to confirm the result .
 body found after plane crash off puerto rico <sec> coast guard launches search missions for five still missing after plane went down .  divers find man 's body near shore of quebradillas , puerto rico .  search complicated by the roughness of the area , u.s. coast guard official says .  six onboard private plane returning to puerto rico from dominican republi .
 'no discernible remains ' in hoffa search , police chief says <sec> new : drilling does n't turn up bones , body parts or other evidence , police chief says .  a tipster told police that a body was buried at a home about the time of hoffa 's disappearance .  crews took soil samples and will test them for human remains ; results are expected monday .  former teamsters leader hoffa disappeared in 197 .
 former soldier in iran 's revolutionary guard writes of life as cia spy <sec> former member of the revolutionary guard describes life as a cia spy .  newly published book describes disillusionment after 1979 revolution .  code name `` wally .
 egypt court upholds death sentences <sec> muslim brotherhood leader is among those charged .  the incident in question occurred last year after sit-ins were dispersed .  the verdicts can still be appeale .
 roitfeld : american vogue job 'not for me ' <sec> style icon anna wintour is rumored to be leaving american vogue in 2009 .  vogue paris editor in chief carine roitfeld touted as a possible replacement .  roitfeld told cnn : `` i think i prefer to stay here in paris ... .  i 'm very happy .
 scientists will study possible chavez poisoning , venezuelan leader says <sec> doctor : there is `` no scientific substance '' to claims that chavez was deliberately infected .  president maduro says he will invite `` the world 's best scientists '' to study chavez 's illness .  the interim leader says he suspects chavez `` was poisoned by dark forces '' .  the state department denies accusations of u.s. involvement , calling them `` absurd .
 five found killed in illinois home <sec> `` this was a brutal homicide against an entire family , '' sheriff says .  one survivor , a 3-year-old girl , hospitalized in peoria , illinois .  killings occurred in beason , illinois , about 45 miles northeast of springfield .  the latest on the investigation on tonight 's nancy grace , hln 8pm and 10pm e .
 bill cosby : the influence continues <sec> bill cosby 's career not defined by `` the cosby show '' .  comedian was pioneering black actor , notable philanthropist .  exec : `` three most believable personalities are god , walter cronkite and bill cosby '' .  new book chronicles cosby 's influential lif .
 opinion : why do we feel schadenfreude ? <sec> richard smith : when people suffer misfortunes , we feel sorry for them , or do we ? .  smith : more than we probably want to admit , we sometimes are secretly pleased .  he says in sports , politics , schadenfreude tend to be brought out into the open .  smith : schadenfreude is a natural emotion , we should n't berate ourselves for feeling i .
 california parents act heroically when gunman fires upon family , killing two <sec> new : police identify the suspected gunman as 55-year-old desmond john moses .  a mother runs from the house carrying her youngest child though she 's shot in both legs .  the 4-year-old boy , shot in the head , later dies in surgery .  the father died after using his body as a shield over his other childre .
 south korea prime minister lee wan-koo offers to resign <sec> calls for lee wan-koo to resign began after south korean tycoon sung woan-jong was found hanging from a tree in seoul .  sung , who was under investigation for fraud and bribery , left a note listing names and amounts of cash given to top official .
 police : palestinian admits intentionally driving into israeli soldiers <sec> jamal hamam mesalmeh , 23 , claims he drove into soldiers on purpose , police say .  attack happened november 5 in the west bank ; three soldiers were injured .  violent incident was one of several in recent weeks in the west bank and jerusale .
 norad intercepts drug plane in restricted airspace <sec> 10 kilos of marijuana found on intercepted plane , authorities say .  cessna gets fighter jet escort out of restricted air space .  the cessna 182 was met by law enforcement on the ground .  the restriction of airspace coincided with west coast travel by the presiden .
 american detained in north korea <sec> new : sources say the detainee is a korean-american businessman .  the state department is working on the case with the swedish embassy in pyongyang .  north korea has detained several americans in recent year .
 experts predict quieter hurricane season <sec> experts predict nine named storms , three hurricanes , one major hurricane .  atlantic average is 12 named storms , six hurricanes , three major hurricanes .  moderate el nino , cooler atlantic waters cited in forecas .
 new jason unmasked for 'friday the 13th ' <sec> actor derek mears takes on role of jason in new `` friday the 13th '' .  actor heard from producers that he was a popular casting choice .  of iconic role , mears says he tried to `` definitely make it my own .
 was columbus secretly a jew ? <sec> sunday marks the 508th anniversary of the death of christopher columbus .  charles garcia : columbus was a marrano , or a jew who feigned to be a catholic .  he says that during columbus ' lifetime , jews became the target of religious persecution .  garcia : columbus ' voyage was motivated by a desire to find a safe haven for jew .
