 world cup lionel messi magic sinks iran <sec> argentina beats iran 1-0 for second win in group f .  lionel messi goal in injury time secures victory .  iran has strong penalty claim rejected in second half .  nigeria beats bosnia herzegovina 1-0 in later group f gam .
 senate to vote on taking up 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' repeal <sec> new : collins lines up behind gop .  a broad defense policy bill includes the repeal provision .  republicans threaten a filibuster over limits on debate .  reid includes non-defense measures in the bil .
 seconds of pleasure : a few cool vine videos <sec> twitter 's video-sharing app , vine , launched thursday .  already , some folks are finding ways to be creative with it .  from jimmy fallon to the australian open , vine clips are flooding twitte .
 freeman lights up sydney <sec> she was one of the very few native aborigines to achieve success .  she was chosen to light the olympic flame at the 2000 sydney games .  she always carried both the australian and aboriginal flag on her lap of hono .
 afghan cleric sentenced in rape of girl <sec> afghan cleric raped 10-year-old girl in mosque .  girl confronts attacker in a dramatic trial in kabul courtroom .  judge sentences him to 20 years in prison .  women 's rights activists hail decisio .
 ex-prosecutor in death penalty case denies wrongdoing <sec> cameron todd willingham was executed in 2004 for killing his 3 children .  innocence project asks that prosecutor in 1992 case be investigated .  ex-prosecutor : allegations latest `` tack '' by death penalty opponents in case .  john jackson says he tried to protect informant after case , not coerce testimon .
 group d : germany crush australia ; gyan penalty lifts ghana <sec> germany thrash australia 4-0 in their opening game of the 2010 world cup .  strikers klose , podolski , muller and cacau all score goals in durban rout .  australia talisman tim cahill is sent off for dangerous tackle in second half .  ghana beat serbia 1-0 in opening group d match with late penalty by asamoah gya .
 dozens of defecting syrian soldiers executed , activists say <sec> military defectors are executed in idlib province , activists say .  shelling continues in several homs neighborhoods , activists say .  a suicide car bombing is reported in daraa , where the uprising started .  the bodies of journalists marie colvin and remi ochlik are handed over to western diplomat .
 ax murderer 's pardon stirs fears of war <sec> an azerbaijani solider killed an armenian officer with an ax in 2004 .  he was sentenced to prison in hungary but suddenly was paroled and extradited .  the killer got a new apartment and a promotion on his return to azerbaijan .  the parole has sparked fears of wars between two former soviet republic .
 wisconsin governor rejects negotiations on controversial budget bill <sec> rock guitarist says he 'll play for protesters on monday .  gov . .  walker reiterates calls for missing democrats to come back .  tea party activists are bused in to support the budget bil .
 russian convoy enters ukraine unchecked <sec> new : artillery shelling , explosions , gunfire reverberate in and around donetsk 's airport .  new : ukraine official : at least 1 ukrainian soldier killed , 5 others were wounded .  new : a convoy of 220 russian vehicles go in , out of ukraine without being inspected .  new : fm lavrov : `` process of establishing ( a ) durable peace is still in progress .
 ex-cia officer expected to plead guilty to some charges in leak case <sec> john kiriakou is scheduled to appear tuesday morning for a change of plea hearing .  he 's accused of disclosing classified information to reporters , lying to review board .  one charge involves 2002 operation that resulted in capture of alleged al qaeda terroris .
 man accused of killing elderly couple , sexually assaulting child <sec> jerry andrew active , 24 , is being held on $ 1.5 million bond .  he is charged with murder , sexual assault and burglary .  active was arrested about a block from where the alleged attack took plac .
 protestors call on obama to reject keystone xl pipeline <sec> the 1,700-mile pipeline would run from alberta , canada , to the gulf of mexico .  obama in the past has rejectd rapid approval .  romney and the gop support it .  protestors gather in d.c. , urging the administration to reject the proposed pipelin .
 former u.s. soldier aids syria 's wounded <sec> american , 24 , helps treat wounded syrians in lebanon .  he has served in iraq but ooked for a 'game-changer ' after returning home .  he hopes americans understand what 's going on in the regio .
 ucla student 's killing stuns friends , classmates <sec> krishna rajarman went home on weekends to be with family rather than party .  friends say he was committed to mentoring his two younger siblings .  police : teen 's father , jobless and in financial trouble , killed him and his family .  friend describes krishna : `` he was literally the smartest person i 've ever known .
 u.s. population to near 313 million on new year 's , census says <sec> census bureau : u.s. population is expected to be 312.8 million on new year 's day .  that figure represents a 0.7 % increase from last year .  lady gaga , mayor to activate ball drop at times square on new year 's eve .  nyc has supplanted las vegas as the top new year 's destination , priceline poll say .
 senators encourage gsa to 'clean house ' <sec> new : inspector general brian miller says his office is finding more possible problems .  democrats note past gsa scandals and positive steps by obama appointees .  republican sen. james inhofe says the gsa is a likely home for corruption .  the reported abuses include wasteful spending and violations of regulation .
 senate panel to probe counterfeit military parts problem <sec> armed services committee to look into counterfeit electronics in military equipment .  commerce dept . .  study has found the problem posed to the military is serious .  study : the most common abuse was the sale of lower-grade microcircuits .  china is by far the most common source of counterfeit parts , study foun .
 paulina gretzky 's controversial golf digest cover <sec> golf digest 's new issue featuring paulina gretzky has sparked questions .  gretzky does not play the sport professionally , but is engaged to a pro golfer .  it 's left women in the sport frustrated by the lack of recognitio .
 romney does n't get that cops and teachers are americans , too <sec> mitt romney 's slam on obama 's remarks was out of touch , says roland martin .  teachers , firefighters and cops are americans too , martin says .  martin : we need a serious conversation about what we need in our daily lives .  romney does n't need the obama camp to make him look out of touch , martin say .
 romney takes leap of faith with religion speech <sec> romney to address role of religion in society in speech thursday .  speech is being compared to jfk 's 1960 speech about catholicism , politics .  some say speech is what sealed kennedy 's win over nixon .  19 percent say they are less likely to vote for a mormon , poll show .
 dana delany joins the fight against hard skin illness <sec> dana delany 's role in tv movie `` for hope '' taught her the effects of scleroderma .  the chronic , degenerative disease can cause skin thickening or tightness .  delany 's hero , luke evnin , is working to raise awareness , find a cure .  `` if anybody 's going to solve this problem , it 's going to be luke , '' she sai .
 pastor snags obama , mccain for joint appearance <sec> the rev . .  rick warren will play host to candidates at his church .  warren says he 's friends with both and wants people to know them as he does .  warren is author of the best-selling book `` the purpose driven life .
 graham disinvited from prayer event over islam comments <sec> army pulls invitation for franklin graham over remarks on islam .  in 2001 , graham called islam `` very evil and wicked religion '' .  graham was to speak at pentagon for upcoming national day of prayer even .
 explainer : how do cryptocurrencies work ? <sec> over $ 1 million dollars are being traded in bitcoin every day .  transaction history is encrypted into a chain of letters and numbers for each coin 's identity .  fans of cryptocurrencies like the fact that no single person or institution has contro .
 despite australian open loss , baghdatis has a smashing time <sec> baghdatis was down two sets when he let loose with a spectacular outburst .  he destroys his racket by smashing it into the ground , then wrecks three more .  he was penalized $ 800 , a figure much smaller than the massive hits on youtub .
 'brave miss world ' charts beauty queen 's activist path <sec> `` brave miss world '' received an emmy nomination .  the documentary follows 1998 miss world linor abargil 's journey from survivor to activist .  abargil was raped by someone she knew weeks before winning the 1998 miss world crown .  `` it was important for linor to inject real meaning to the crown , '' producer say .
 fishing trip becomes nightmare for gulf fire 's first responders <sec> three friends were fishing 18 miles from the deepwater horizon on april 20 .  they arrived at the inferno before the coast guard .  someone shouted to them : `` we 've got friends that are missing . .  please go search ! '' .  the men say they tried to tell bp , transocean and received no respons .
 obama 's harvard law professor challenged u.s. racism <sec> derrick bell is in the news because of a video on a conservative website .  the video shows a young obama embracing bell at a 1991 harvard demonstration .  bell , who died last year , was a major academic on race and the law .  the website of the late andrew breitbart claims bell promoted anti-white view .
 do pedophiles deserve sympathy ? <sec> james cantor : in sandusky case , a central element that has been overlooked is pedophilia .  cantor : one can not choose to not be a pedophile , but one can choose to not be a child molester .  he says recent studies suggest that biology plays a crucial role in sexual attraction .  cantor : we can help pedophiles by developing efforts aimed at counsel and preventio .
 3 suspects confess in india gang rape <sec> the shocking attack on the cousins , ages 14 and 16 , sparks outrage worldwide .  two police officers and three brothers have been arrested .  a total of five men are in custody so far .  `` we are scared , '' says renu devi , a woman in the village where the attack occurre .
 finland 's former finance minister victorious in presidential election <sec> new : sauli niinisto gained 62.6 % of the vote , preliminary results show .  opponent pekka haavisto is finland 's first openly gay presidential candidate .  the vote pits a former finance minister against an ex-environment minister .  both candidates are pro-europe at a time when the eu is in crisi .
 icelandair pilot detours over bardarbunga volcano <sec> icelandair pilot loops back to give passengers a better view of bardarbunga .  volcanic activity around bardabunga recently caused iceland to raise an aviation alert .  in 2010 an icelandic volcano caused weeks of disruption to flights to and from europ .
 @ hiddencash lines pockets , warms heart of anonymous philanthropist <sec> a cnn affiliate broadcasts live as one man follows a clue and finds $ 135 .  an anonymous california real estate investor leaves up to $ 100 hidden in public spaces .  he then posts clues on his twitter page called `` hidden cash '' .  anonymous donor tells cnn he wants to start a pay-it-forward movemen .
 police : man killed by north korean land mine in south korea <sec> a fisherman is dead after an apparent land mine explosion .  the mine is one of `` scores '' south korean military officials say drifted from north korea .  heavy downpours may have washed them ashore .  state media says searches of islands in the yellow sea revealed eight landmine .
 she 's battling asthma and environmental racism <sec> lisa jackson is first african-american to head environmental protection agency .  jackson says her overarching goal is to return epa to its roots .  `` what the epa has to do is ratchet down on emissions , '' jackson says .  jackson says epa feels they are still not accessible enough to the peopl .
 benefits of infant circumcision outweigh risks , top pediatrics group says <sec> circumcision is a religious rite for jews and muslims .  the health benefits include lower risks of acquiring hiv .  the procedure should be performed only on `` stable , healthy '' infants , group says .  ultimately , parents should decide whether to do the procedure , task force chairwoman say .
 olympics closing ceremony is trip through russian culture <sec> ioc president calls sochi winter olympics the `` athletes ' games '' .  closing ceremony brings to close 16 days of competition .  olympic flag handed to officials from south korean city that will host 2018 games .  it includes wink at malfunction of lights forming olympic rings in opening ceremon .
 u.s. seaside hotels under $ 200 <sec> california offers a crop of beachfront hotels under $ 200 .  pismo beach 's first oceanfront hotel sports a retro-mod interior .  affordable rooms can even be found in south beach in peak seaso .
 toy time : what makes a toy memorable ? <sec> new book `` toy time '' looks back at memorable toys of the 20th century .  the crowd-sourced list includes toys such as view-master and nok hockey .  more recent selections include pogs and troll .
 'you 're going to die the way you live ' <sec> randy pausch set an example of a good death for the terminally ill .  author : he used his skills to go on `` living until the moment he died '' .  hospice official : people avoid the sick , worrying too much about what to say .  visits can be used by dying to tie up loose ends or heal rift .
 witnesses : riot police clash with demonstrators in bahrain <sec> thousands in bahrain rip the government for denying a role in boy 's death , witnesses say .  one activist says riot police fired tear gas and rubber bullets and `` raided homes '' .  there was no immediate response from the bahraini government to the clashes .  bahrain has been the site of months of anti-government protests and clashe .
 readers sue lance armstrong for book refund after doping admission <sec> the class-action lawsuit was filed this week .  new suit may be one of many after armstrong 's confession on doping .  armstrong admitted last week in an interview that he used performance enhancing drug .
 dismissing disability taboos in hong kong <sec> hong kong exhibits attempt to bring awareness of people with disabilities .  people with disabilities and advocates counter cultural superstition .
 angelina jolie walks red carpet post-surgery : 'i feel great ' <sec> angelina jolie makes her first post-surgery public appearance .  she walks the red carpet with brad pitt at london movie premiere .  `` i 'm very , very grateful for all the support , '' jolie tells bb .
 uconn to honor slain football player at game <sec> jasper howard , 20 , killed after a sponsored student dance on campus .  howard 's death has been classified as a homicide .  no suspects , but police `` do n't believe it was a random act '' .  slain football player a `` wonderful , sweet , loving child , '' his mother say .
 why conservatives should favor legalizing marijuana <sec> evan wood : conservatives concerned by spending ignore cost of failed war on drugs .  $ 2.5 trillion spent on war on drugs ; crime , violence , drug use are the result , he says .  taxation on marijuana could generate $ 1.4 billion a year in tax revenue , writes wood .  americans more likely to report marijuana use than people in netherlands , he says , where it 's lega .
 clouds help crews battle idaho wildfire <sec> beaver creek fire has scorched more than 100,000 acres .  it is 9 % contained ; 1,200 firefighters are working the blaze .  `` they are not giving this fire any slack , '' a spokesman say .
 mood somber , repairs uncertain as corvette museum opens <sec> it will take up to six days to pull the corvettes out of the chasm , an expert says .  museum opens a day after sinkhole eats 8 priceless corvettes .  other parts of museum are safe , experts say .  too soon to tell if museum 's iconic yellow sky dome will surviv .
 space age inventions you probably use <sec> several everyday items come from space program .  cushions for astronauts leads to better shoes for us .  nasa communication system leads to better pacemakers .  statue of liberty protected by coating developed by nas .
 uk man charged with terror offenses for trip to turkey <sec> london 's metropolitan police say the man was arrested at luton airport after landing on a flight from istanbul .  he 's been charged with terror offenses allegedly committed since the start of novembe .
 david chase reveals details of 'sopranos ' ending <sec> david chase walks through the ending of `` the sopranos '' .  the use of particular shots and `` do n't stop believin ' `` build tension .  chase still does n't reveal tony soprano 's fat .
 internet sales tax : what you 'll pay , and when <sec> the senate on monday approved an online sales tax .  currently online retailers do not have to collect sales taxes outside of the states where they are based .  the market place fairness act would still need to pass the house before it could become law .  online shoppers would have to pay the same sales tax as when buying the item at a stor .
 bridge scandal tarnishes chris christie 's image <sec> errol louis : scandal brings new scrutiny to chris christie if he decides to run for president .  the closing of roads leading to george washington bridge seen as political retaliation .  two officials close to christie have resigned , and he said , `` mistakes were made '' .  louis : the episode could bolster the perception that christie 's style is too assertiv .
 olympian transforms poor children 's lives through judo <sec> bronze medalist flavio canto helps young people through free lessons .  more than 1,000 rio de janeiro youths are enrolled in his reaction institute .  judo teaches discipline , humility , courage and determination , canto says .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open at cnn.com/heroe .
 group urges japan to delay school near crippled nuclear plant <sec> fukushima city schools are scheduled to reopen thursday .  greenpeace says the government 's decontamination plan is lacking .  japan has launched a sweeping review of its nuclear powe .
 will michelle obama 's speech change history ? <sec> gordon stewart : if barack obama is re-elected , he will owe much to his first lady .  stewart : michelle obama gave one of the finest speeches ever at a political convention .  he says first lady was not afraid to use the word love , rarely conveyed in politics .  stewart : she may have opened a path for her husband back into voters ' heart .
 former transit cop convicted in california subway shooting goes free <sec> johannes mehserle walks out of prison early monday .  the former bart officer was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in oscar grant 's death .  mehserle served one year of a two-year sentence because of credit for good conduc .
 draw frustrates milan and roma <sec> ac milan and roma played out a goalless draw in italy 's serie a .  juventus moved back into the top four in serie a thanks to a narrow win over fiorentina .  diego and midfielder marco marchionni grabbed the goals for alberto zaccheroni 's side .
 opinion : the real problems with obamacare <sec> david frum : gop effort to defund obama 's health plan is going nowhere .  he says it makes more sense to focus on the key flaws of obamacare .  republicans should push to make sure the plan has cost-control features , he says .  he says it makes sense to broaden funding so most americans pay for i .
 zuckerberg : no facebook phone in the works , but new products coming <sec> mark zuckerberg makes first public comments since facebook went public .  he insists there is no facebook smartphone in the works , despite the rumors .  zuckerberg : new mobile products on the way in the coming month .
 not enough evidence to charge phelps , sheriff says <sec> michael phelps wo n't be charged in connection with bong picture , sheriff says .  sheriff : `` we did n't have enough where we could go arrest him '' .  british newspaper published picture of olympic champion using a bong .  sheriff defends probe , saying he would have been criticized if he had n't investigate .
 florida crews trying to contain two major wildfires <sec> new : largest blaze is 25 % contained .  brevard county firefighter suffers burns on face .  emergency managers say the largest fire has grown to about 16,000 acres .  the second fire is burning south of st. augustin .
