 source : material at mobster 's home 'may be human remains ' <sec> source : the fbi is awaiting forensic test results to determine if the remains are human .  authorities searched the home of former mobster james ''jimmy the gent '' burke .  the search was connected to a case the occurred before 1996 , the source say .
 syrian arms embargo : is eu too little , too late ? <sec> eu announces it has lifted arms embargo on syrian rebels .  britain , france can now send weapons to rebels fighting government of bashar al-assad .  gerges : announcement is not a game-changer , wo n't make difference on the ground .  gerges : syrian conflict has mutated into a regional war between west , russia , ira .
 john mccain 's political comeback ( opinion ) <sec> julian zelizer : sen. john mccain is poised to re-emerge as a major player in the next two years .  zelizer : as the new chairman of the influential armed services committee , he will have much to say .  he says mccain will be able to use new power to challenge obama 's foreign policy agenda .  zelizer : reports of mccain 's political death were greatly exaggerated , despite his setback .
 latest fort hood shooting revives broader gun debate <sec> a soldier examined for mental issues buys a gun and opens fire .  the shootings raise issues of military base security and broader gun controls .  changes made after a 2009 massacre at fort hood helped , but not enough .  `` logistically impossible '' to check everyone at fort hood for gun .
 ac milan pair kevin constant and nigel de jong subjected to racist abuse <sec> ac milan duo subjected to racist abuse during milan 's game at atalanta .  kevin constant and nigel de jong angered by banana throwing .  ac milan players sarcastically applauded atalanta fans .  italian football association set to examine inciden .
 48 die in togo bus crash , 15 injured <sec> bus heading to lome collides with truck .  survivors say bus mistook truck for a motorbike .  truck had only one headlight , they sa .
 japan dropped from indycar calendar <sec> japan 's twin ring motegi circuit will not host an indycar race in 2012 .  it has been dropped from the calendar as organizers seek to maximize viewing audience .  sao paulo in brazil will be the only international event in the series next year .  motegi owner says it was struggling to afford to stage the race in tough economic time .
 'whitey ' bulger trial opens a window on mob world of cold violence , <sec> reputed mob leader 'whitey ' bulger is charged in 19 deaths .  his trial -- expected to take up to three months -- will enter week three monday .  so far , jurors have heard witnesses describe killings , and surviving bloody shootouts .  among those in the gallery -- famed `` godfather '' actor robert duval .
 baseline bard : wimbledon serves up poetry ace <sec> matt harvey has been appointed wimbledon 's first official poet .  harvey will write a poem every day of the two-week grand slam .  the public can tweet him lines of poetry during the tournament .  harvey will be reciting poems to those in the long queue for ticket .
 bp , plaintiffs reach billion dollar deal in gulf oil spill <sec> `` the settlement is to be fully funded by bp , '' ceo says .  the plaintiffs say there is no cap on what bp will pay them .  the deal will `` fully compensate hundreds of thousands of victims of the tragedy , '' plaintiffs sa .
 mh17 crash : malaysia pm demands access to ukraine site <sec> new : netherlands makes its first identification of a victim .  another 38 coffins carrying victims ' remains arrive in the netherlands from ukraine .  fighting prevents dutch forensics team from reaching the crash site .  malaysian pm says team of 3 malaysian investigators has not yet been able to see full sit .
 family fights to save pit bull from being 'impounded ' <sec> family starts petition asking village to reverse ban against pit bulls and rottweilers .  family fears zeus will be taken from them pursuant to village 's `` vicious dogs '' ordnance .  zeus provides children with love and support , they sa .
 gay florida teen kaitlyn hunt sent back to jail over texts <sec> new : kaitlyn hunt 's lawyer upbraids the prosecutors for disclosing graphic detail .  her lawyer argued for house arrest , pointed out victim has lied to authorities .  kaitlyn hunt was 18 and the girl was 14 when the girl 's parents went to authorities .  authorities say she exchanged over 20,000 texts with girl , in violation of court orde .
 growth of clinical trial outsourcing raises issues <sec> in november 2007 , one-third of clinical trials were done outside of united states .  trials in india , for instance , carry only about one-tenth the costs .  authors say genetic makeup in countries may affect response to medication .  report written in the new england journal of medicin .
 government hacks and security breaches skyrocket - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a cnn review of cyber attacks on federal agencies shows such breaches are a growing problem .  the number of cyber attacks on government systems has jumped 35 percent in three years .  one of the biggest culprits is human error , experts say .  some of the victims include systems at the white house and department of energ .
 graphic e-mails read at new york cannibalism plot trial <sec> nypd officer gilberto valle is on trial in connection with a cannibal fantasy .  he is charged with conspiracy to kidnap a woman .  fbi agent reads e-mails , chats between valle and pakistani man .  they are graphic conversations about killing , eating victi .
 official : yemeni militants infiltrated egypt before rafah attack <sec> official : 10 yemeni militants came to egypt two months before rafah attack .  the militants were smuggled into sinai from sudan among groups of african migrants .  `` we hope to capture them in our raids , '' official says .  israel and u.s. are concerned about the rise of terrorist cells in the sinai peninsul .
 iraq says it will sue bomb detector maker <sec> iraqi government says manufacturer supplied some fake bomb detectors .  government spokesman says most detectors worked ; he did n't name fake detectors or maker .  iraq earlier said it would investigate ade651 device after concerns over hoax .  uk government has banned ade651 , which british firm makes , from being exporte .
 army : estonian cyclists abducted in lebanon are released <sec> new : nine people are arrested , lebanon 's interior minister says .  estonian fm : the main thing is to get them home now .  it is not clear if a ransom was paid .  the cyclists are in good health , the army say .
 marine pleads guilty in japan sex crime <sec> u.s. marine pleads guilty to abusive sexual contact with a child under 16 .  staff . .  sgt . .  tyrone l. hadnott is sentenced to four years confinement .  the marine corps withdrew several other charges , including rape of a chil .
 ukraine leader yatsenyuk : peace , partnership with russia is possible <sec> new : u.s. ambassador : `` at least 10,000 '' more russian troops taking part in new drills .  ukrainian leader wants to know if `` the russians want war , '' thinks they do n't .  residents in crimea are to vote sunday on whether to leave ukraine , join russia .  russia official : west `` fanned ... unrest , '' crimeans should have self-determinatio .
 'whitey ' bulger girlfriend pleads guilty <sec> new : `` there was no deal -- certainly no sweetheart deal , '' prosecutor says .  catherine greig has pleaded guilty to three counts .  her boyfriend , james `` whitey '' bulger , has pleaded not guilty to all charges .  bulger is said to be the inspiration for 2006 movie `` the departed .
 michael schumacher discharged from hospital , 'difficult road ' still ahead <sec> michael schumacher is to continue his rehabilitation at home , his spokeswoman says .  he has been discharged from a hospital in lausanne , switzerland .  `` there is still ... a long and difficult road ahead , '' says his spokeswoma .
 thanksgiving travel : messy mix of snow , rain and delayed flights <sec> airlines waive rebooking charges for travelers .  about 46 million people will travel for thanksgiving , the most since 2007 .  east coast travelers can expect some significant snow accumulation .
 opinion : whole world watching u.s. on gay rights <sec> frida ghitis : supreme court rulings on gay rights resonate around the world .  she says they help restore america 's role at the vanguard of personal freedom .  ghitis : many countries still harshly publish homosexuality .  she says u.s. has strayed from its role at times but it 's appropriate to return to i .
 korean golf star choi donates $ 100k to victims of japan earthquake <sec> k.j . .  choi makes contribution to help those in japan , where he played earlier in career .  korean veteran follows example of japan 's ryuji imada , who asked for donations .  both are playing at the pga tour 's transitions championship in florida this week .  anthony wall takes two-shot lead at halfway stage of european tour 's italian even .
 nasa cheers new landsat launch <sec> the landsat 8 satellite went into orbit monday .  it 's the latest in a series that 's been beaming back data since 1972 .  the u.s. geological survey distributes the imagery for fre .
 ntsb : plane rolled violently before crash <sec> ntsb : people aboard experienced twice the normal gravitational force before crash .  plane rolled past the vertical point before it crashed into home , ntsb official says .  thursday 's crash in upstate new york killed all 49 aboard plane , one in house .  plane 's de-icing system was turned on 11 minutes after takeoff , ntsb say .
 bourdain : journalists held in iran are 'nobody 's enemy ' <sec> the host recently traveled to iran to film an episode of cnn 's `` parts unknown '' .  while there , bourdain met washington post reporter jason rezaian and his wife .  they have been held for about two weeks now on unknown charges .  `` this wonderful couple is a danger to no one , '' writes bourdai .
 in brazil , health care is a right <sec> u.s. is divided over who should be responsible for paying for health care .  eduardo gomez says brazil has long considered health care a right .  he says brazil 's life expectancy has increased at a faster rate than that of the u.s . .  gomez : brazil still lags behind in some areas , including widespread access to medical technolog .
 raul castro shakes up cuban cabinet <sec> several longtime aides to fidel castro are replaced .  foreign minister and cabinet secretary move aside .  analyst says it 's the biggest shake-up in 30 or 40 year .
 nbc orders katherine heigl series <sec> katherine heigl returns to tv with a new nbc drama .  the actress will play a cia analyst advising the president on high-level global affairs .  this is heigl 's first regular tv role since she left `` grey 's anatomy '' in 2010 .  the series is just one of three politically themed new show .
 germanwings crash : plane obliterated <sec> the plane reached 38,000 feet , and then dropped for eight minutes , germanwings says .  victims from germany , france , spain , turkey , belgium , holland , colombia , australia .  one data recorder found from germanwings plane that crashed in alp .
 noavk djokovic comes through monte carlo test unscathed ; nadal victorious <sec> world no . .  1 novak djokovic wins second round monte carlo masters match .  serbian had been struggling with an ankle injury but comes through unscathed .  rafael nadal wins 43rd successive match in monte carlo beating marinko matosevic .  andy murray through to round three after beating france 's edouard roger-vasseli .
 opinion : the grace and greatness of losing <sec> tom foreman offers three reasons we should cheer louder and longer than we do for losers .  at the olympic level , says foreman , just making it there should be admired .  foreman : losing teaches you how to get better ; it 's where winning begin .
 groups target youths for obamacare enrollment <sec> about five weeks remain for open enrollment in the health exchanges .  hundreds of events were held for national youth enrollment day february 15 .  enroll america and young invincibles use unique ways to reach young adults .  hhs reports that 25 % of enrollees are ages 18 to 3 .
 protesters stay in wisconsin capitol as defiant governor digs in <sec> new : police say that protesters already in the capitol building will be allowed to spend the night .  new : demonstrators had defied earlier instructions to leave .  governor walker says layoffs could come soon if the budget bill is not passed .  afl-cio president : `` this is n't about the budget crisis .
 drogba and lampard send chelsea through <sec> chelsea beat liverpool 3-2 to reach champions league final 4-3 on aggregate .  didier drogba scores twice and an emotional frank lampard is also on target .  chelsea to face title rivals manchester united in an all-english final in mosco .
 nypd officers charged in sodomy case <sec> officer accused of assaulting man with police baton at brooklyn subway station .  two other officers accused of trying to cover up the incident .  two officers who are n't charged told grand jury they saw assault .  district attorney : testifying officers `` deserve a great deal of praise .
 opinion : why i 'm not afraid of dying <sec> david menasche : i taught 11th grade for 16 years ; teaching was my life and made me happy .  menasche : after being diagnosed with brain cancer , my classroom was my sanctuary .  he traveled around the country to reconnect with former students , who grew up kind .  menasche : to borrow from the great lou gehrig , i will die feeling like the luckiest ma .
 opposition videographer reported killed in homs <sec> rami al-sayed , 27 , was hit by shrapnel and killed tuesday , witnesses say .  he `` was crucial in getting the truth out though his videos , '' a friend says .  a video posted on youtube shows a doctor and al-sayed 's brother grieving over his bod .
 6.2-magnitude earthquake strikes off japanese coast <sec> new : a second , slightly smaller quake hits about 30 minutes later in the same area .  the first , stronger 9-kilometer deep earthquake did not set off tsunami warnings .  it was centered about 550 kilometers ( 342 miles ) north-northeast of tokyo .  a stronger march 2011 quake triggered a tsunami that led to thousands of death .
 hms bounty victims of hurricane sandy honored by survivors <sec> survivor reveals yearlong struggle after tall ship bounty sank in hurricane sandy .  although her passion for sailing has dimmed , tragedy spurs her to help others .  she holds message-in-a-bottle ceremony near site of deadly sinking .  settlement talks under way involving the deaths of claudene christian and ship 's captai .
 opinion : china is not ending its human rights abuses <sec> steve tsang : it 's good that china ending one-child policy and system of labor camps .  he says it would be naive to think that this will erase human rights problems .  he says the changes do not include outlawing other serious abuses .  tsang : changes are meant to reduce objections to rule of the part .
 structures built at second n. korea launch site , u.s. official says <sec> new : satellite imagery is released showing a tower and movable launch pad .  it is not clear if the site is ready for a launch , the u.s. official says .  there is no indication a test launch is planned soon , the official says .  this facility would allow the launch of heavier payloads , the official add .
 apple updates its imac lineup <sec> new imacs sport the latest intel core i5/i7 sandy bridge architecture .  the 21.5-inch imac features one thunderbolt port , and the 27-inch model has two .  the new facetime hd camera is included in all new model .
 india and england tie world cup thriller in bangalore <sec> england and india tie in their world cup group b match in bangalore .  england make 338-8 after india had been bowled out for 338 in their 50 overs .  captain andrew strauss makes 158 in england 's run chase .  india 's sachin tendulkar earlier scores his fifth world cup ton - a new recor .
 are social discovery apps too creepy ? <sec> many worry new apps define privacy too loosely .  studies show people are sharing more on social media .  social app creators say people are always wary of new technology .  combining location and social posts can give away life inf .
 could a computer write this story ? <sec> tech company created program that turns data into stories .  narrative science has earned a byline from forbes.com .  journalism experts say machines ca n't tell real storie .
 john king : who benefits from early voting ? <sec> iowa is first battleground state to open early voting and one of 35 states that allow it .  democrats have edge in those voting early , but republicans downplay importance .  iowa republicans say they 'll put their efforts into last three weeks before election day .  iowa gop concedes dems ' early voting efforts but claims records in grassroots organizin .
 people we lost in 2014 : joe cocker , rock legend <sec> british-born singer joe cocker died aged 70 after a battle with lung cancer .  cocker had hits with `` you are so beautiful '' and `` up where we belong '' .  cocker conducted himself with rare professionalism and courtesy , curry says .  `` a man confident in his craft , unassuming in demeanor and impeccable in manners .
 blackwater 's prince raising concern in washington <sec> cia dealing with revelations by erik prince , founder of military contractor blackwater .  he paints himself in magazine article as entrenched in sensitive cia secret missions .  suzanne simons says many are annoyed prince complains about government that pays him well .  she says military contractors have more people in afghanistan than u.s. troops ther .
 venezuela to give island to new jersey <sec> petty 's island , a 300-acre island in delaware river , will be given to new jersey .  venezuelan-owned citgo petroleum corp. bought island for fuel storage facility .  activities on island will be limited to hiking and bike riding , governor 's office says .  venezuela announces gift as part of earth day celebratio .
 sybrina fulton seeks to trademark trayvon rallying cries <sec> trayvon martin 's mom seeks to trademark `` i am trayvon '' and `` justice for trayvon '' .  family 's lawyers say trademarks are to keep unscrupulous from profiting on martin 's name .  family also would like to start a foundation in son 's name , lawyer say .
 i-reporters recall meeting kind , handsome heath ledger <sec> i-reporters share tales of meeting heath ledger in person .  `` he was really good with tools , '' says don bova ; ledger helped him change a tire .  i-report : share your photos , memories of actor heath ledge .
 5 ways life changes in the senate after nuclear option on filibusters - cnnpolitics.com <sec> ending filibusters of some presidential nominations will ease senate gridlock .  expect more new judges and faster filling of government vacancies .  a full team means more regulations reflecting administration policies .  the changes apply to present and future administration .
 paraguayan president has prostate surgery , spokesman says <sec> paraguayan president fernando lugo underwent prostate surgery friday .  lugo will remain in the hospital for a few days and then recuperate in the presidential residency .  lugo is a former priest who has been involved in several paternity controversies in past yea .
 how u.s. shutdown could shake global economy <sec> the u.s. is facing up to yet another battle over its public funding and debt .  iwan morgan says this is nothing new -- but its impact on international markets is a worry .  money markets will get nervous at the continued dysfunction in u.s. politics .  the eurozone is only just emerging from recession and certainty is neede .
 missing 2-year-old found dead near arizona home <sec> new : the boy was found in a muddy pit on an old mining site .  new : no foul play is suspected in his death .  emmett trapp 's body was found about a mile from his home .  he was reported missing monday nigh .
 champion nigeria crash out of africa cup of nations <sec> 2013 champion nigeria bow out following 2-2 draw with south africa .  controversy over guinea 's participation linked to ebola outbreak .  ivory coast book their place .  dr congo qualify as best third-place tea .
 starbucks cuts back australian outlets <sec> more than 60 starbucks cafes to close by august 3 .  closures follow news of more than 600 outlets to shut in u.s . .  move by seattle company will end 685 jobs in australia , reports sa .
 hurricane omar picks up strength as it approaches islands <sec> new : omar becomes category 3 hurricane as it approaches leeward islands .  u.s. coast guard shuts down christiansted harbor , where refinery is .  parts of puerto rico could see 20 inches of rain , mudslides , flash floods .  omar is 15th named storm of hurricane season , which ends november 3 .
 veteran ljubicic completes indian wells triumph <sec> croatian ivan ljubicic becomes oldest first time winner of masters 1000 event .  the 31-year-old beats andy roddick 7-6 7-6 to win the indian wells tournament .  ljubicic fires 20 aces to overpower eighth seed and home hope roddic .
 merkel announces new german defense minister <sec> new : merkel appoints interior minister thomas de maziere to replace guttenberg as defense minister .  new : parliamentary whip hans peter friedrich is named head of the interior ministry .  karl-theodor freiherr zu guttenberg resigned over a plagiarism scandal .  guttenberg was a rising star in a party closely aligned to chancellor merkel 's cd .
