 uk zoo worker dies after being mauled by tiger <sec> new : sarah mcclay , 24 , died after being mauled by a tiger .  she was working in enclosure when she was attacked .  police are trying to determine what exactly happene .
 'dr . death ' jack kevorkian is dead at 83 <sec> kevorkian had a history of kidney ailments , his lawyer says .  the assisted-suicide advocate served an eight-year prison term .  he told cnn last year he had no regrets about his wor .
 homs a bleeding wound as medical aid dire <sec> at least 23 are killed across syria sunday .  syrian forces have attacked homs for 16 straight days .  doctors say interference in medical aid amounts to war crimes .  china says a peaceful resolution is still possibl .
 ask.fm suicide of hanna smith fuels calls for action on cyberbullying <sec> sister of a girl who committed suicide after she was bullied online says abuse continues .  more than 10,000 people sign petition calling for action after hannah smith 's death .  website ask.fm offers condolences , says it will cooperate with police inquiry .  threats against women via twitter have also highlighted problem of online abus .
 respite for arsenal and arsene wenger after victory in turkey <sec> arsenal beat fenerbahce 3-0 in their champions league playoff tie first leg .  goals from kieran gibbs , aaron ramsey and olivier giroud seal win in turkey .  respite for arsene wenger after defeat in first english premier league game .  chelsea beat aston villa 2-1 as jose mourinho makes it two wins from tw .
 fort hood fire chief recalls response to 'shots fired ' moment <sec> fire chief came across officer , told her she `` needed to stay '' for her daughter .  chief says people were hollering all over the scene : `` i had no idea '' .  billy rhoads began firefighting when he was a tee .
 jeb bush heads to iowa next month - cnnpolitics.com <sec> former florida gov . .  jeb bush will attend an agriculture summit in iowa next month .  it 'll be his first scheduled appearance in the hawkeye state .  iowa holds the first nominating contest in presidential election year .
 bart police probe scuffle with passenger , seek video <sec> officer seen on video forcing unruly man into heavy-duty glass , which shattered .  police are interviewing 12 witnesses to the confrontation .  video of bay area rapid transit incident posted on youtube .  scuffle follows january shooting death of unarmed man at bart statio .
 baby , mother , grandmother pulled alive from rubble in turkey <sec> new : the death toll jumps to 459 .  new : israel says it will send an assistance flight on wednesday .  two-week-old azra karaduman , her mother , and her paternal grandmother were rescued .  4 corpses are pulled from the rubble of the same buildin .
 cnn student news transcript - august 17 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 who 's going to get those oscar nominations ? <sec> the oscar nominations will be announced about 8:30 a.m. thursday .  `` boyhood , '' `` birdman '' and `` selma '' are the frontrunners .  here are our predictions for who will be nominated in the major categorie .
 tevez suspended by manchester city <sec> striker carlos tevez has been suspended for two weeks by manchester city .  the suspension follows his non-appearance from the bench against bayern munich .  tevez earlier issued a statement denying that he had refused to play when asked .  city coach roberto mancini has said tevez will never play for the club agai .
 summit of the americas becomes 'triangle of tension ' <sec> u.s. , venezuelan relations threaten to overshadow obama , castro meeting .  venezuelan president says united states moved to oust him ; he has the support of the cuban foreign ministe .
 mekong a 'treasure trove ' of 1,000 newly discovered species <sec> world wildlife fund documents new species of mammals , plants , lizards , fish .  1,068 species were found between 1997 and 2007 , according to wwf report .  wwf calls the mekong delta region a `` treasure trove '' of rare creature .
 un panel debates gaza war report slamming israel , hamas <sec> report says both israel and hamas took `` actions amounting to war crimes '' .  fact-finding mission looked at the three-week war last winter in gaza .  report calls for further action by u.n. unless both sides conduct investigations .  israel blasts the report ; palestinians call for immediate u.n. debat .
 opinion : jay-z can fight racial profiling in retail <sec> luxury store barneys accused of racial profiling ; hip-hop icon jay-z has deal with store .  roxanne jones : jay-z , who has fought racism in his career , has ignored calls to dump the deal .  jones is on jay-z 's side ; he can make public the everyday damage of racial profiling in retail .  jones : all stores need strong policies against racial profiling and must fire staff who do i .
 u.s. soldier uses quran for target practice ; military apologizes <sec> u.s. soldier aims at quran at police shooting range at iraqi village .  soldier relieved of duty , sent to united states for reassignment .  officer apologizes in special ceremony at village .  residents protest with banners and by chanting slogan .
 judge postpones next phase of arias trial after meeting with defense <sec> arias and the defense meet with the judge in a sealed hearing .  officials have not said why the next phase of the trial was rescheduled .  arias tells a tv station she would rather get the death penalty than a life sentence .  authorities place her on suicide watch after the tv intervie .
 mercedes-benz take over brawn f1 team <sec> mercedes-benz will head up their own formula one team from next season .  the german car manufacturer take a 75.1 percent share in the brawn gp team .  as part of the deal , mercedes relinquish their 40 per cent stake in the mclaren tea .
 'jon & kate ' takes break while family 'regroups ' <sec> new : `` jon & kate plus 8 '' to go on hiatus until august .  gosselins announced separation on monday 's show ; they 've filed for divorce .  jon : `` it 's just not good for our kids to be arguing in front of our kids '' .  kate : `` i 'm tired of smiling on the outside while i 'm crying on the inside .
 rescuers comb wreckage of russian jet that crashed on indonesian mountain <sec> recovery efforts are hampered by high elevation and bad weather .  rescuers have found 12 bodies so far .  the russian sukhoi superjet 100 slammed into mount salak , a volcano south of jakarta .  russia launches criminal probe into possible safety violation .
 chrome continues usage gains over rivals <sec> chrome rose 0.3 percentage points to 7.1 percent of worldwide browser usage .  statistics reflect activity , not the number of people using a browser .  microsoft has been trying to rid the world of internet explorer .
 guantanamo detainee sentenced to life for africa bombings <sec> new : attorney general eric holder said the sentencing shows `` strength of the american justice system '' .  ahmed khalfan ghailani is the first guantanamo detainee tried in u.s. civilian court .  he was convicted in connection with the 1998 u.s. embassy bombings that killed 224 people .  case considered a test for trying terrorism suspects in civilian cour .
 drug cheat gatlin wins on track return <sec> former olympic and world champion sprinter justin gatlin wins on comeback in estonia .  the american wins his heat and the final of 100 meters at kuldliiga meeting .  he was banned in 2006 after testing positive for excessive levels of testosteron .
 sex assault survivors : uva story a distraction <sec> rolling stone told story of `` jackie , '' who alleged she was gang raped at uva .  the magazine published an apology for the story and said it had misplaced trust in jackie .  advocates worry that fallout will mean a distraction from rape on college campuse .
 borders closed , arrivals banned : ebola changes a region <sec> canada says patient who traveled to nigeria tested negative for the virus .  zambia bans travelers from ebola countries .  guinea , liberia and sierra leone and nigeria are battling ebol .
 drive to legalize marijuana rolls on in california <sec> oaksterdam university specializes in how to grow , market and consume marijuana .  founder richard lee is organizing a petition drive for marijuana legalization .  lee and others say legalizing marijuana could generate significant tax revenue .  opponents say revenue claims are misleading , encourage drug abus .
 psg seal swoop for france duo <sec> paris saint germain confirm the signings of jeremy menez and blaise matuidi .  the pair of 24-year-old france internationals both sign three-year deals .  psg also announce the arrival of serbia international defender milan bisevac .  aston villa have agreed a fee with wigan athletic for france winger charles n'zogbi .
 turn your volunteer work into a career <sec> take charge of your career by volunteering .  volunteering adds to your resume and allows you to develop new skills .  choosing certain associations will allow you to meet people in that particular industr .
 mom 's desperate text to woman in cairo : 'habiba , please reassure me ' <sec> woman at protest camp in cairo exchanges texts with mother .  reporter is there on personal time , assisting injured .  she dies during a raid on pro-morsy cam .
 cnn student news transcript : october 13 , 2009 <sec> hear how one professor made history by winning the nobel economics prize .  learn why secretary of state clinton is talking up the u.s.-u.k. relationship .  find out how south africa is preparing for its time in the soccer spotligh .
 mario balotelli charged over instagram post <sec> mario balotelli charged by english football association .  italian international issued apology on twitter for reposting instagram image .  has until 6pm on december 15 to respond to charge .  jewish leadership council chief executive labeled post 'offensive .
 expect meteor showers early tuesday morning <sec> meteor showers predicted for predawn hours of tuesday , october 21 .  nasa official expects 20 meteors per hour at peak .  the meteors are called `` orionids '' because they come out of the constellation orio .
 louisville beats michigan for ncaa men 's basketball title <sec> the louisville cardinals rallied from a double-digit deficit to claim the title .  louisville played without kevin ware , who broke his leg march 31 .  coach rick pitino promised his players he 'd get a tattoo if the cardinals win .  naismith trophy winner trey burke led michigan with 24 point .
 mcchrystal relieved of command , petraeus chosen to take over <sec> new : key senator says petraeus backs july 2011 start of withdrawal from afghanistan .  new : confirmation hearing for petraeus to start no later than tuesday .  lawmakers praise choice of petraeus and say obama had no choice but to accept mcchrystal resignation .  obama urges the senate to confirm petraeus swiftl .
 eugenie bouchard and justin bieber pair up for doubles <sec> world no.7 tennis player eugenie bouchard partners up with pop star justin bieber in game of doubles .  bouchard has previously said she would like to date the hollywood starlet .  former world no.1 caroline wozniacki also got a snap with `` the bieb .
 spielberg gets movie cash with india partnership <sec> steven spielberg finalizes partnership with indian tycoon , gets cash infusion .  partnership with anil ambani provides $ 875 million for dreamworks .  spielberg 's first film planned : remake of classic `` harvey .
 black farmers call on congress to pay racial bias settlement <sec> advocates say lawmakers are on their side , but they want them to speed up the process .  rep. butterfield says congress needs to have a payment plan or declare an emergency .  lawsuit says u.s. agriculture department discriminated against african-american farmer .
 korean air executive jailed over 'nut rage ' incident <sec> a former korean air executive is found guilty of violating aviation law after interrupting a flight over nuts .  she has been sentenced to one year in jail for all charge .
 magna carta found in scrapbook may be worth millions <sec> a version of the magna carta published in 1300 has apparently been found in an english town .  the document was discovered by chance in council archives .  historian nicholas vincent said `` it 's certainly worth in the millions .
 problems with haiti building standards outlined <sec> organization of american states study says buildings could n't take disaster .  poor-quality work can be traced to the grinding poverty , oas official says .  building code needs to be developed in haiti , he says .  november study has not been made publi .
 one child policy : chinese can now have two kids <sec> wary of changing demographics , chinese authorities recently relaxed the country 's controversial one-child policy .  fewer couples than expected are taking up applications for a second child .  the financial burden of another child is often cited as a main reason for not taking advantage of the policy chang .
 viewer tip leads to arrest in thanksgiving slayings <sec> viewer tip led to arrest of man suspected of fatally shooting four relatives on thanksgiving .  paul michael merhige arrested late saturday at florida motel .  tipster told authorities merhige had checked into motel under assumed nam .
 federal prosecutor will look into kendrick johnson case <sec> `` this is a murder-mystery and we 're going to get to the bottom of it , '' says attorney .  johnson 's father : `` we 're happy that a fresh pair of eyes is starting to look '' .  u.s. attorney michael moore announces `` formal review '' of case .  johnson 's family believe he was murdered ; authorities say the death was accidenta .
 australian open : pregnant li na credits husband with 'ace ' <sec> li na announces she is pregnant at the 2015 australian open .  the tennis star retired from tennis last year .  baby is due later this yea .
 4 ohio state university buildings closed after bomb threat <sec> the buildings will remain closed until at least 5 p.m. , officials say .  the fbi notified university officials of the threat .  the university activated its alert syste .
 the former u.s. navy base where oscar winners roam <sec> brooklyn navy yard has been transformed from disused site into hub of commercial activity .  location now houses one of the largest film studios outside of hollywoo .
 cabanas still critical after operation <sec> paraguay international striker salvador cabanas remains in a critical condition in hospital .  doctors admit they are having difficulty treating the player because of swelling in his brain .  the club america striker was shot in the head in mexico city during the early hours of monday mornin .
 a yazidi captive 's tale : sold by isis as a sex slave <sec> hanan , 19 , was captured by isis when militants took the town of sinjar .  she was among the women and girls separated to be sold as sex slave .
 nadal to face federer in atp tour final <sec> rafael nadal overcomes spirited andy murray to book place in atp world tour final .  roger federer earns comfortable win over novak djokovic 6-1 6-4 in other semi .  pair have met on 21 previous occasions , with nadal currently leading 14 matches to seve .
 six die when church van wrecks in new york <sec> new : tire may have blown on van , causing it to roll .  at least 4 people were injured in the new york wreck .  2 were in intensive car .
 brooklyn family keeps latino-jewish traditions alive <sec> moshe and chanaleah nunez are latino jews who were raised in christian homes .  nunez believes he is a decendant of jews who left oppression in medieval europe .  he and his wife converted to judaism and moved to a hasidic new york area .  the couple and their children blend latino and jewish culture in their live .
 texas landfill searched in baby gabriel johnson case <sec> 8-month-old has been missing since december 26 .  his mother has said she killed him and also that she gave him away .  san antonio police are excavating landfill in search after getting a lea .
 the citadel apologizes for not reporting allegation of child sex abuse <sec> `` we should have done more , '' says citadel president lt. gen. john rosa .  a former camp counselor faces at least six criminal counts .  rosa asks anyone with relevant information to contact police .  victim 's attorney : the citadel should have reported what it kne .
 tony stewart 's return to nascar cut short by blown tire <sec> stewart 's front right tire blows at a nascar race in atlanta .  it was his first race since his car struck and killed kevin ward jr. on august 9 .  `` this has been one of the toughest tragedies i 've ever had to deal with , '' stewart said .  kasey kahne won the race at atlanta motor speedway on sunda .
 injury ends tiger 's sawgrass comeback <sec> tiger woods withdraws from players championship after only nine holes .  former world no . .  1 was six shots over the card after struggling from his opening shot .  american had returned to action for the first time since the masters early last month .  he has problems with same left knee that required major surgery in 200 .
 pentagon denies bunker-busting bomb is intended for iran <sec> `` the system 's not aimed at any one country , '' pentagon spokesman says .  it 's known as the massive ordinance penetrator , or mop .  said to weigh 15 tons , the bomb can explode 200 feet undergroun .
 curiosity 'interrogates ' martian rock with laser <sec> it 's the first time such a powerful laser has been used on another planet .  curiosity 's laser blasts a fist-sized rock 30 times in 10 seconds .  `` we can expect great science from investigating what might be thousands of targets , '' scientist says .  curiosity began a two-year mission on mars on august .
 murdered reggae legend mourned <sec> south african reggae legend lucky dube remembered at a memorial service .  lucky dube , one of country 's favorite musicians , killed by carjackers last week .  five men arrested tuesday over the 43-year-old 's murde .
 contain iran , do n't attack it <sec> draft report from u.n. watchdog agency says iran could secretly be working on a nuclear bomb .  fareed zakaria says report is a major development , could spur new sanctions against iran .  he says talk of a military strike against iran is wrongheaded and dangerous .  zakaria : time not on the side of iranian regime that 's suppressing green movement protester .
 massive african lake could dry up , u.n. agency says <sec> lake chad could dry up in 20 years , u.n. 's food and agriculture organization says .  lake supports livelihoods of 30 million people .  in 2001 , lake was one-fifth of 1963 size .  climate change , population pressure fuel lake 's decline , agency say .
 dr yves jean-bart on the earthquake that devastated haitian football <sec> january 's earthquake killed 30 of haiti 's football federation officials .  haiti 's football president dr yves jean-bart was injured in the quake .  dr jean-bart is trying to rebuild the federation with help from fifa .  he tells cnn about the earthquake and the enormous challenges ahea .
 what are the most expensive cities to live in ? <sec> sydney , melbourne big movers .  caracas the most expensive city in the americas .  asia-pacific cities dominate the top 2 .
 28 oil tankers carrying fuel for nato forces attacked <sec> the attack comes after a series of recent strikes on vehicles carrying oil for nato .  two people are injured .  the pakistani taliban claims responsibility for several previous attack .
