 to rule big oil , we need big government <sec> donna brazile says the oil spill shows need for a muscular government to control big business .  brazile : even `` big government '' opponents are calling for more regulation .  obama needs to thoroughly change rules on how oil industry should work , she says .  brazile : `` make sure big government is big enough to keep bigger business in check .
 robin williams ' other role : humanitarian <sec> robin williams was involved in several charitable causes .  he toured with the uso and volunteered with st. jude children 's hospital .  the comedian also served on the board of the christopher & dana reeve foundatio .
 city-size iceberg drifting away from antarctica <sec> iceberg could last in open ocean for a year , researcher says .  sea ice that kept berg close to antarctica now melting , scientist says .  iceberg separated from glacier in jul .
 sarkozy hospitalized after jogging scare <sec> new : sarkozy resting , talking with advisers at hospital , president 's office says .  new : initial tests show nothing abnormal , according to president 's office .  french president taken to hospital after becoming faint while jogging .  sarkozy is an avid jogge .
 ronaldinho hat-trick sees milan close gap <sec> brazilian ronaldinho plundered a hat-trick as ac milan crushed 10-man siena 4-0 in serie a .  the result means milan close the gap on serie a leaders and city rivals inter milan to just six points .  juventus continue to slide down the table after slumping to a 1-0 defeat at chiev .
 nine dead in china bird flu outbreak , officials probe family 'clusters ' <sec> nine people now dead in china following recent bird flu outbreak .  officials probing possibility of transmission among families .  no evidence of human-to-human transmission of h7n9 so far .  source of bird flu outbreak unknown , 28 infections reporte .
 attacks in western iraq kill 7 police officers <sec> suicide car bombing kills four police officers in al-rutba .  gunmen later kill three other police officers at security checkpoints in the town .  also tuesday , car bomb kills one person , injures 11 others in central iraqi town of musayyi .
 father of slain peruvian student hopes others learn from her death <sec> ricardo flores , slaying victim 's father , hopes others learn from daughter 's death .  hours before , he spoke to a judge for first time about case .  stephany flores was killed one month ago .  joran van der sloot is charged in slayin .
 nigerian official condemns 'mindless and cowardly ' church attacks that left dead , wounded <sec> azazi blames `` misguided extremists '' .  32 were killed in madalla , a government official says .  government officials blame boko haram , which claims responsibility .  president jonathan slams the `` dastardly act .
 pakistani police officers ordered to slim down <sec> punjab police department has ordered tens of thousands of officers to shape up .  department 's 175,000 officers ordered to shrink their waists to maximum of 40 inches .  pakistan 's police officers are often on the front line in fight against violent extremist .
 police roundup follows riot in northwest china , uighurs say <sec> new : the world uighur congress says 16 people died in tuesday 's rioting .  china 's xinhua news agency put the death toll at 12 , including two killed by police .  beijing has blamed militants of uighur descent for outbreaks of violence in xinjiang in recent years .  uighurs are ethnic turks distinct from china 's majority han populatio .
 zimbabwe : cholera is genocide by uk <sec> zimbabwe information minister says uk responsible for cholera outbreak .  he accuses cnn , bbc , other networks of falsifying news reports .  who says cholera outbreak has killed almost 800 , infected 16,00 .
 back off # shirtstorm scientist , supporters say <sec> scientist matt taylor 's shirt featuring sexy images of women caused a backlash .  taylor 's shirt upstaged some headlines about landing of space probe philae .  some said his shirt represented a working atmosphere dismissive of women .  supporters of taylor : it was simply a shirt and should not overshadow comet landin .
 google transparency report shows growing number of government requests <sec> google releases its eighth transparency report on thursday .  number of government requests has doubled since company started tracking in 2009 .  the report breaks down law enforcement request by type for the first time .  in the first half of 2013 , the u.s. made the most requests for user informatio .
 new york shooting of elderly man draws parallels to trayvon martin case <sec> the case is drawing parallels to the shooting of trayvon martin .  kenneth chamberlain accidentally set off a medical alert device , his family says .  police say they shot chamberlain after he came at them with a knife .  the family says video and audio recordings prove he was unarme .
 real madrid to face manchester united in european champions league <sec> real madrid to play manchester united in the last 16 of the european champions league .  the tie will be the first time cristiano ronaldo has returned to united since leaving in 2009 .  barcelona drawn with ac milan in another clash of past european champions .  celtic face juventus while bayern munich play arsena .
 world cup : behind hotly anticipated u.s.-portugal match <sec> the match will feature superstar cristiano ronaldo .  ronaldo is grappling with a left knee injury .  the usa and portugal will face off in notoriously humid manaus .  a loss to usa would mean elimination for portuga .
 extend family leave to all workers <sec> family and medical leave act let janet walsh keep job while taking time off to care for mom .  act is 20 years old this week , a boon , but has n't kept up with changing workplace she says .  she says about 50 % workers eligible for act . .  and many ca n't afford to take unpaid time off .  walsh : family leave insurance , for paid leave , has been shown to increase productivit .
 6 missing after fire guts mansion in annapolis <sec> technology executive don pyle owned the house .  the fire destroyed the 16,000-square-foot mansion , a fire official sai .
 troubled french team keeps low profile on return <sec> cameras barely catch a glimpse of team returning to paris .  players disappoint fans hoping for autograph .  france eliminated from world cup after 2-1 loss to south africa .  government probing nation 's soccer federatio .
 can a dirt-cheap diabetes drug fight cancer ? <sec> metformin is now available in various generic versions that cost just pennies per pill .  extensive trials will be needed before the drug can be used as a standard cancer treatment .  the two-year survival rate was 30 % among the 117 patients taking metformi .
 prosecutors : fla teen in same-sex case contacts girl , plea deal pulled <sec> kaitlyn hunt faces felony charges from her relationship with a female classmate .  hunt was 18 , the girl was 14 when the girl 's parents went to authorities .  prosecutors say hunt violated a no-contact order with texts , meetings with the girl .  a plea offer has been rescinded and her bond should be revoked , prosecutors sa .
 south sudan 'at the precipice , ' obama says , as fighting spreads <sec> new : president barack obama warns fighting could push south sudan back into its past .  new : unknown assailants attack a u.n. base in africa 's newest nation .  rebels have taken the town of bor , government officials say .  human rights watch says it has reports of people being targeted for their ethnicit .
 iran accuses israeli leaders of war crimes <sec> islamic prosecutors draft indictment against israeli leaders over gaza offensive .  iranian president ahmadinejad says `` zionist criminals '' should face justice .  human rights watch says evidence israel committed war crimes .  israeli spokesman says claims are `` hysterical , hostile ... not based on solid fact .
 gulf leaders to discuss eu-style union <sec> `` threats of all kinds '' require such a union , the saudi foreign minister says .  the gcc move could be an effort to counter the influence of shiite iran .  bahrain blames iran for the anti-government protests .  the uae and iran are engaged in a longtime border disput .
 rest easy japan : space invaders are n't interested <sec> japan 's top military official earnestly revealed that the country 's self defense force ( sdf ) had never encountered a ufo .  celebrity politician and former wrestler antonio inoki had posed a question concerning extraterrestrials to a government committe .
 no new clues about missing teen in ecuador <sec> august reiger has been missing since sunday .  another search was conducted friday where he was last seen .  no signs of him have turned u .
 faulty reading helped cause dutch plane crash <sec> turkish plane that crashed in netherlands had faulty instrument .  investigators say altimeter gave false reading .  that made automatic pilot implement landing procedures while plane was too high .  turkish airlines flight 1951 crashed at amsterdam 's schiphol airport killing nin .
 police : missing maine toddler ayla reynolds believed to be dead <sec> ayla reynolds was 20 months old when her father reported her missing .  166 days later , her body has n't been found and no one 's been named a suspect .  a police spokesman says `` nothing '' leads authorities to `` believe she 's alive '' .  he says he believes that ayla 's father `` knows more than he has told us .
 analysis : guns and the law ; recent ruling highlights legal and personal stakes <sec> a federal appeals court has struck down an illinois law restricting guns .  gov . .  pat quinn said people in the state want officials to put public safety first .  if the law were a superior idea , other states would have adopted it , a judge writes .  another potentially history-making supreme court appeal is certai .
 xi jinping : 'princeling ' to china 's president <sec> as with all chinese leaders , government tightly controls details of xi 's life .  xi is the son of a revolutionary hero , grew up a `` princeling '' .  xi has military ties that predecessors hu , jiang do n't , one observer notes .  xi received high marks during washington trip for desire to engage united state .
 police : swiss tourist gang-raped in india <sec> new : swiss embassy calls for swift investigation .  police say a tourist was gang-raped in central india .  the victim and her husband were camping .  20 people have been detained for questionin .
 messi double secures club world cup for all-conquering barcelona <sec> barcelona beat santos 4-0 in club world cup final in japan .  lionel messi scores twice for european champions .  xavi and cesc fabregas also on target in one-sided final .  al sadd beat kashiwa reysol in third-place playof .
 michigan doctor vanishes ; police stumped <sec> dr. teleka patrick reported missing after not arriving at work .  police : car found abandoned the night before off i-94 in neighboring indiana .  `` we looked everywhere '' but have so far come up empty , police sa .
 judge clears way for california 's first execution since 2006 <sec> if it proceeds , albert greenwood brown 's execution will be first since lethal injection review .  federal judge gives brown choice between single injection or three-drug injection .  brown was sentenced to death in 1982 for rape , murder of 15-year-old susan jordan .  execution will be first in lethal injection chamber designed to meet new regulation .
 drug war fail : $ 7 billion spent , record opium poppy crop <sec> afghanistan has kept growing bumper crops of opium poppies , providing 80 % of the world 's illegal opium supply . .  the report comes tuesday from the special inspector general for afghanistan reconstruction . .  u.s. agencies have spent $ 7.6 billion to stop narcotics production in the middle eastern country . .  the state department blames afghanistan 's security efforts for not controlling the spread .
 filipino film 'himala ' wins cnn apsa viewers choice award <sec> filipino film , `` himala '' wins cnn asia pacific screen awards viewers choice award .  ishmael bernal 's film beat akira kurosawa 's `` seven samurai '' to the top prize .  cnn `` the screening room 's '' presenter myleene klass awarded the accolad .
 isis using children for propaganda , training <sec> children are regularly featured in grisly isis propaganda .  boys have told cnn of their military training by the jihadist grou .
 terrorism does n't justify insulting islam <sec> sally kohn : when violence used to silence free speech , some argue to ramp up cartoons .  she says media does n't urge this over christian violence , thus feeding jihadist view : islam vs. west .  kohn : those of us with free speech should n't use it to help justify islamists ' apocalyptic narrativ .
 brazil vote sparks fears for future of rainforest <sec> brazil has made a dramatic reduction in the rate of deforestation .  environmentalists worry that its progress could be put at risk by changes to forest law .  greenpeace is also concerned that indonesia 's measures to halt deforestation are not working .  the world resources institute says the world needs consistent , real-time deforestation dat .
 macfarlane pledges up to $ 1 million for 'reading rainbow ' <sec> `` family guy '' creator will match money given , going forward .  burton is trying to get the program into more classrooms .  so far more than $ 4 million has been pledge .
 hu warns of corruption as key chinese leadership meeting begins <sec> thousands of delegates gather in beijing for the meeting .  the key meeting follows a year beset by scandal for the party .  four tibetans set themselves on fire , the tibetan government in exile say .
 rescuers scour washington 's cascade mountains for missing skydiver <sec> new : sunday search began at 5 a.m. , police say .  kurt ruppert , 29 , went missing thursday after he jumped out of a helicopter .  ruppert was parachuting over washington 's cascade mountains .  he was wearing a special ''wingsuit '' when he made the jum .
 an ineffectual washington blew it <sec> bob greene : washington failed to find a way to avoid forced spending cuts .  he says americans can usually ignore congress ' constant barking at moon . .  not this time .  this time obama and congress failure to compromise hits people more directly at home .  greene : even if it was in a 'smoke-filled '' back room , leaders used to be able to make a dea .
 ohio court : police estimates of speeders good enough for conviction <sec> ohio court rules police can ticket speeders with `` visual estimation '' .  case stemmed from man cited by officer in copley , ohio .  officer 's radar reading was tossed for technical reasons .  trial judge upheld ticket , saying strongest testimoney was officer 's visual estimatio .
 serena williams reveals ankle fears <sec> serena williams seeking to win australian open for sixth time .  her last victory in melbourne grand slam came in 2010 .  world no . .  1 will begin her new season against andrea petkovic .  caroline wozniacki pulls out of brisbane event due to injur .
 djokovic retains miami title with straight sets win over murray <sec> novak djokovic retains miami masters 1000 title .  serb beats britain 's andy murray 6-1 7-6 ( 4 ) in the final .  murray can only force a single break point in the final .  djokovic winning for third time at crandon par .
 tornado cleanup begins in oklahoma <sec> new : cleanup begins after tornadoes reaching 170 mph tear through oklahoma .  storms rip off roofs , scatter sheets of metal , other debris .  hardest hit is lone grove , about 90 miles south of the capital , oklahoma city .  resident says post office is gone and a church is damage .
 is tsa serious about letting people carry knives ? <sec> tiffany hawk shocked tsa soon will allow air passengers to carry some small knives .  hawk : there is a reason knives were banned before -- they made the 9/11 attacks possible .  she says passengers and flight attendants are at risk if someone wields a knife .  hawk : faster and easier checkpoints needed , not backward and absurd policie .
 judge dismisses penn state suit against ncaa <sec> pennsylvania 's governor sued the ncaa over its sanctions on penn state .  jude describes the lawsuit as a `` hail mary pass '' and dismisses it .  she calls the questions raised `` deserving of public debate '' but `` not antitrust questions .
 air france crash victims may not be recovered , investigators say <sec> new : two bodies are being examined to see if they have enough dna for identification .  if the bodies can be identified , investigators will try to bring other remains to the surface .  air accident investigators should know monday if there is information on data recorders .  air france flight 447 crashed mysteriously june 1 , 2009 , killing 228 peopl .
 south korean ferry victims ' kin ask , 'how are we going to live now ? ' <sec> parents of students missing from the sunken ferry are grieving , desperate .  the students ' vice principal killed himself ; some fear others may do the same .  south korea has a high suicide rate compared to other countries .  mental health workers say no family members sought counseling near ferry sit .
 do n't forget the plight of haiti 's children <sec> shaquille o'neal saw images from haitian earthquake and asked `` how could this happen ? '' .  o'neal : he and others knew little about haiti and its slave revolution 's impact on u.s . .  it 's essential for haiti 's future to remember its children , make sure they thrive , o'neal writes .  learn about haiti 's orphans on cnn 's documentary `` rescued , '' saturday at 8 p.m. e .
 official : arizona fire near mexican border is 'number one priority ' <sec> new : a latino advocate calls mccain 's accusation `` irresponsible political pandering '' .  mccain says a `` secure border '' might help to curb such wildfires .  the u.s. forest service chief calls arizona 's monument fire `` ca n't get any worse '' .  the cause of this fire , which is 27 % contained , is under investigation , an official say .
 6 surprising health benefits of pumpkins <sec> pumpkin is rich in fiber , which can help you feel full longer .  vitamin a found in pumpkins is essential for eye health and can fight infections .  beta-carotene is great for your skin and may help prevent cance .
 christie 's love for the cowboys comes into full view - cnnpolitics.com <sec> new jersey gov . .  chris christie defended his love of the dallas cowboys on a radio show monday morning .  christie gave cowboys owner jerry jones a big hug after the dallas team 's victory sunday .  his allegiance could come in handy as he considers a 2016 presidential bi .
 roku unveils $ 50 streaming stick <sec> roku 's new streaming stick is a small device that plugs into a tv .  the $ 50 device is a direct competitor to google 's $ 35 chromecast stick .  the device can be ordered now and will ship in apri .
 iranians toss shoes at bush posters <sec> journalist who threw his shoes at president bush wins iranian fans .  iran 's revolutionary guards corps sponsored tehran shoe-throwing events .  shoe-throwing is a traditional insult in arab cultur .
 will racism end when the old guys die off ? doubt it <sec> chuck walton looks at the generational differences in racial attitudes in america .  racism is a learned behavior , he says , that his generation must fight to unlearn .  walton : technology exposes us to new ideas but makes it easier for like thinkers to cluste .
 clemens pleads not guilty to perjury charge in steroid case <sec> new : clemens released on his own recognizance after not-guilty plea .  the baseball great has been charged with perjury and obstruction of congress .  he insists he never used human growth hormone or steroids .  `` the rocket '' won seven cy young awards during his 24-year caree .
 quidditch is real , and it wants to go pro <sec> 'muggle quidditch ' replicates harry potter 's magical sport in the real world .  invented in 2005 , quidditch now supports 170 us college teams and five full-time staff .  documentary follows ucla 's quidditch team to the quidditch world cup .  quidditch players torn between developing their sport and preserving its root .
 tiger woods goes controller-free for new video game <sec> this year marks the 15th anniversary of ea 's `` tiger woods pga tour '' franchise .  tiger woods says the first video game he played was `` pong '' .  when he 's not playing tiger woods golf , he 's usually playing first-person shooter game .
 mcilroy dismisses claim that tiger is 'intimidated ' <sec> world no.1 rory mcilroy plays down suggestion that tiger woods is intimidated by him .  comments made by australia 's greg norman have been made light of by both woods and mcilroy .  woods aiming to beat mcilroy to $ 10 million prize for coming top in fedexcup overall standings .  tour championship in atlanta which starts thursday will decide winner of $ 10 million jackpo .
 gurkhas win battle for uk settlement <sec> british government to allow gurkha troops to settle in the uk .  gurkhas are nepalese fighters who are part of the british army .  first gurkha units formed in 1815 and they have fought in every campaign sinc .
