 spain : tourists safe from eta attacks <sec> spanish officials say eta not targeting tourists on island of mallorca .  four bombs detonated on sunday with no injuries .  two civil guard officers killed on mallorca two weeks earlie .
 farrah fawcett , sex symbol and actress , dies <sec> farrah fawcett was known for iconic 1970s poster , role in `` charlie 's angels '' .  actress was hailed for performance in tv movie `` the burning bed '' .  fawcett had cancer and made tv documentary about her battl .
 sizzling pedrosa claims pole in spain <sec> dani pedrosa takes pole at catalunya grand prix with fastest ever time at montmelo .  pedrosa beat cal crutchlow and jorge lorenzo by more than half a second in qualifying .  seven-time motogp champion valentino rossi continues to struggle , finishing sevent .
 suspect in custody in killing of portuguese man in new york <sec> new : the victim and suspect were staying at the hotel together , police source says .  the victim is identified as carlos antonio de castro , a portuguese journalist .  he was found bludgeoned and castrated , the source says .  renato seabra , a portuguese model , is suspected in the killin .
 world 's richest countries pledge to fix economy <sec> group of seven ministers urge countries not to close markets to goods from abroad .  focus must be on stabilizing economies , u.s. treasury secretary says .  officials call for urgent reform of global financial syste .
 iran , world powers end nuclear talks with plans to meet again <sec> the talks ended on thursday .  more talks will happen soon , an eu spokesman sai .
 mother of teen 'sex addict ' sues tyra banks <sec> `` the tyra show '' is sued by the mother of an alleged `` sex addict '' .  lawsuit alleges the show put the 15-year-old girl on tv without parental consent .  `` it 's like i 'm trapped in a dark place , '' jewel ciera washington told banks in 2009 .  no court date has been se .
 opinion : fox host wants to take away my rights <sec> dean obeidallah : fox 's beckel said no new mosques in u.s. till muslims denounce terrorists .  obeidallah : does beckel say these things to be fox-like ? .  he says news flash : kenya attacks about revenge against kenyan government , not religion .  obeidallah : fox does n't have muslim americans on air to conflict with network 's narrativ .
 chinese media rhetoric rises against apple <sec> chinese media accused apple of providing inferior service to local customers .  netizens suspect celebrities were recruited to criticize apple on social media .  apple says its practices in china are `` completely legal '' .  a leading chinese newspaper lambasted apple 's `` unparalleled arrogance '' over complaint .
 5 tips that may save your wedding ( and your sanity ) <sec> wedding planning , along with the ceremony , can be tense and nerve-wracking .  kat kinsman recommends preparing for glitches and keeping a positive attitude .  incorporating friends and family in the planning and preparation can be a relief .  brides and grooms should expect ( and plan for ) the unexpecte .
 what the late '60s really looked like <sec> cnn invited people to share real-life photos of their '60s fashions .  let 's see yours ! .  share your '60s pics via cnn ireport .  discover your '60s personality by taking the cnn sixties quiz .  how well do you know the '60s ? .  take our quiz and find ou .
 can the anti-berlusconi pull italy out of the mire ? <sec> center-left democratic party leader pier luigi bersani , 61 , expected to win election .  cigar-smoking ex-communist has spent career in politics , served in three cabinets .  bersani said he 'd continue monti 's budget cuts , but that stimulus is needed too .  after years of turbulent ex-premier berlusconi , bersani is seen as pair of safe hand .
 4 teens remembered as model scouts <sec> teens who died in tornado said to embody the values of the boy scouts .  two 13-year-olds , two 14-year-olds killed ; three from nebraska , one from iowa .  friends describe fallen scouts as enthusiastic , hard-working , dedicated .  candlelight vigil set for thursday night in omah .
 i stayed in compound 5 years , bin laden 's wife tells pakistan <sec> new : pakistani minister says u.s. , pakistani relations moving in `` the right direction '' .  bin laden 's wife says she stayed inside his compound for five years .  the pakistani military says further raids would hurt cooperation .  an investigation will be launched into intelligence `` shortcomings '' regarding bin lade .
 golf : wounded warriors find salvation in sport <sec> world 's largest golf outing held at 150-plus courses in the united states .  event raises money for the wounded warriors project .  several wounded veterans take part in the competition .  golf has helped them to come to terms with their injurie .
 new delhi bans uber after woman says driver raped her <sec> uber says it has n't been notified of the ban and continues to operate .  the city 's traffic police say they will start implementing the ban on the car service .  the move follows the alleged rape of a woman by an uber driver who is now in police custody .  the suspect in the case appeared in court monday ; uber has called the incident `` abhorrent .
 accident or murder in hot-car toddler death ? <sec> child cruelty charge downgraded from first to second-degree .  justin ross harris has been charged with murder in the death of his son .  the boy was left in a hot car , strapped to his seat in suburban atlanta last week .  investigators say harris returned to his car hours before he said he found his so .
 the real lesson of indiana 's anti-lgbt law <sec> lz : indiana law pushing back lgbt rights , and other states ' anti-lgbt moves , bow to far right wing that gop candidates need for 2016 .  cruz , huckabee , jindal , carson , walker are reviving culture wars , he says . .  equality for lgbt has not yet `` won '' in americ .
 vettel defies abu dhabi odds to retain lead in f1 title race <sec> kimi raikkonen wins abu dhabi grand prix but sebastian vettel retains overall lead .  vettel finishes third despite starting the race from pit lane due to qualifying infringement .  his main title rival fernando alonso cuts the gap to 10 points by finishing second .  vettel 's red bull team must wait to clinch manufacturers ' title after mark webber does not finis .
 websites air audio purportedly recorded by osama bin laden <sec> message posted on radical islamic websites .  it claims the audio recording is by osama bin laden .  cnn can not verify recording 's authenticit .
 north korean defectors sent back agonizingly close to freedom <sec> missionary couple helped to hide young north korean defectors in china .  the starving youngsters had crossed from north korea looking for scraps of food .  eventually transported into laos secretly in the hope of escaping to freedom .  but they were caught and eventually sent back to north korea and an uncertain futur .
 'dancing with the stars ' thinks big for 17th season cast <sec> `` dancing with the stars '' has several surprising new cast members .  actress valerie harper will compete despite a cancer diagnosis .  the show 's season premiere is september 1 .
 madison square garden gets 10 years to find new location <sec> new york city council gives madison square garden 10 years to find a new location .  some officials , groups want to renovate transit hub penn station located below it .  msg management just spent $ 1 billion to rehab the home of the knicks , rangers .  the original penn station was razed in 1963 , and the arena opened in 196 .
 inter claim first leg of possible treble ; marseille win french title <sec> inter milan take first step to becoming only italian team to clinch a treble of titles in a season .  diego milito nets only goal in the 40th minute as inter beat roma 1-0 in italian cup final .  roma reduced to 10 men when francesco totti is booked twice in the second half .  marseille win french league title for the first time in 18 years with two games to pla .
 son of ex-liberian leader sentenced to 97 years in prison <sec> new : sentence reflects `` horror and torture '' visited upon victims , state official says .  new : human rights organization sues taylor on behalf of alleged torture victims .  charles `` chuckie '' taylor jr. sentenced for charges including torture and conspiracy .  son of ex-liberian president convicted october 3 .
 vending machines for all your needs <sec> more unique vending machines are popping up in the united states .  machines in high-traffic areas offer everything from shoes to sunscreen .  golden nugget casinos have atms that dispense gold .  in beverly hills , fresh cupcakes are available via machine 24/ .
 sanchez takes 14th stage as leaders suffer tire sabotage <sec> luis leon sanchez wins 14th stage marred by punctures at front of field .  leaders including bradley wiggins and cadel evans and several others progres .
 london bomb scare : a chronology of attacks <sec> two cars loaded with gasoline and nails found abandoned in london friday .  52 people killed on july 7 , 2005 after bombs exploded on london bus , trains .  british capital wracked by violence by the ira for year .
 four dead in bombing in eastern falluja <sec> new : the casualties include a 7-year-old boy .  three bombings within two hours in baghdad wound several , police say .  a police officer in ethnically tense kirkuk is killed tuesday .  three people are slain in southwestern baghdad tuesda .
 immigration : action is n't impeachable offense ( opinion ) <sec> ruben navarrette says executive action on immigration would be legal , warranted .  republicans err by claiming it would be an `` impeachable offense , '' he says .  if president obama can set rules for deportation , he can also relax them , he says .  navarrette : the action would n't amount to full-fledged immigration refor .
 could barack obama 's plan against isis spark backlash ? <sec> simon tisdall : obama 's plan to expand military campaign against isis risks open-ended war .  campaign could inflame syria 's civil war , and provoke isis threat to u.s. mainland - tisdall .  ground wars , if they are won at all , are won on ground , not in air - he adds .  tisdall : could obama achieve the impossible and actually create sympathy for isis .
 occupy atlanta protesters return to streets after police crackdown <sec> new : protesters begin another night of demonstrations .  police : protesters block atlanta roads , making them unsafe for traffic .  a protester is charged with aggravated assault and obstruction .  there is too much financial disparity and too much at stake , a protester say .
 source : dna at occupy protest similar to material on victim 's cd player <sec> dna on a chain at ows is a `` similar profile '' to dna found in the murder of a student , a source says .  there is currently no forensic match , the source adds .  city authorities are investigating what could be new evidence in the killing of sarah fox .  officials remain cautious , saying the find could pose any number of possibilitie .
 icing on the cake : young lawyer finds sweet success with baking business <sec> sweet temptations by sungeni is a cake-making business in malawi .  it was launched last year by lawyer sungeni mtalimanja .  she says the cake making industry is currently booming in malawi .  power cuts and sourcing ingredients are major challenges , says mtalimanj .
 18 dead from mysterious illness in nigeria <sec> 18 dead and 5 being treated , nigeria says .  locally brewed alcohol is suspected .  some patients have died within hour .
 red alert issued for volcano on chile-argentina border <sec> a chilean ministry issues its highest level of alert for the copahue volcano .  no evacuations are ordered , but the agency ca n't rule out a significant eruption .  copahue 's summit is over 9,800 feet above sea level , near the argentinian border .  its last significant eruption was in 200 .
 massive yellowstone geyser puts on a surprise show <sec> steamboat is the largest of the park 's 300 geysers .  it 's unpredictable , sometimes waiting months or years between eruptions .  it erupted wednesday for the first time in eight years .  the eruption was as high as 300 feet and it steamed for about 24 hour .
 lawrie claims four-stroke qatar victory <sec> scotland 's paul lawrie claims a four-stroke victory in the qatar masters .  it is lawrie 's second win in the tournament following his success in 1999 .  jason day and peter hanson share second place with john daly back in fourt .
 radaronline releases another alleged mel gibson rant on audio recording <sec> the recording allegedly captures an argument between the actor and his ex-girlfriend .  `` no one will believe you , '' the man says after being accused of striking his child .  police are investigating domestic violence allegations against gibson .  gibson has not commented on the recording .
 two men accuse john travolta of sexual battery in lawsuit <sec> first plaintiff accuses john travolta of propositioning , groping during massage .  `` none of the events claimed in the suit ever occurred , '' travolta 's rep says .  lawsuit : first incident allegedly happened january 16 , 2012 , at the beverly hills hotel .  travolta was on the east coast that day , his lawyer say .
 is civilian or military justice best for osama bin laden 's son-in-law ? <sec> new : `` we 're able to do both , '' obama spokesman says of prosecution , intelligence .  sulaiman abu ghaith should face military prosecution , several republicans say .  he should be interrogated at guantanamo for intelligence on al qaeda , they say .  but the justice department says federal court protects national securit .
 burmese singer takes on hiv stigma <sec> new funding means more burmese hiv patients are receiving treatment .  discrimination is still a problem , many sufferers are too scared to reveal status .  zarni aung has hiv and is now working with msf to combat the hiv stigma in myanmar .  according to a unaids survey , one third say they 've been socially exclude .
 opinion : george w. bush is right on immigration <sec> dean obeidallah : george w. bush is 100 % correct on immigration reform .  obeidallah : house republicans should take a page from the former president .  he says the gop will likely take a hit in upcoming elections if they block reform .  obeidallah : a majority of americans support reform , so what is the gop thinking .
 inter milan renaissance continues <sec> inter milan beat udinese 3-1 in italy 's serie a to stay in hunt for champions league spot .  wednesday 's matches were rescheduled after death of livorno 's piermario morosini .  leaders juventus and second-placed holders milan both win to keep the gap at three points .  juve 's 1-0 victory over cesena condemns the bottom club to serie b next seaso .
 obama campaign returning contributions from donors tied to fugitive <sec> new : an attorney says he saw `` nothing nefarious '' about the fundraising brothers .  report : the fundraisers ' brother is a mexican casino magnate .  a state department cable alleges connections with organized crime .  pepe rojas is wanted on a warrant in iowa after his probation was revoke .
 more treachery in 'house of cards ' season 3 <sec> netflix releases the trailer for season 3 of hit drama `` house of cards '' .  star kevin spacey won best actor in a tv drama at sunday 's golden globe .
 chinese charged over fake handbags <sec> authorities call it one of the largest counterfeit operations ever discovered .  official : scheme profited `` off the backs of legitimate companies '' .  counterfeit operation allegedly involved 300,000 high-end bags and wallets .  the alleged leaders are three chinese citizens living in new yor .
 dc metro crash hearing reveals frustrations , harrowing memories <sec> unexplained , intermittent failures persist despite repairs , metro official says .  passenger recalls loud bang , `` accordion-like '' collapse of floor , screams .  delegate chides ntsb for making high-cost , `` impossible '' recommendations .  9 people killed , scores injured in june 22 crash near red line 's fort totten statio .
 revenge for real madrid in champions league as chelsea slump continues <sec> real madrid beats borussia dortmund 3-0 in the champions league quarterfinals .  cristiano ronaldo equals the record for most champions league goals in a season .  gareth bale also scores for real madrid in the comprehensive first-leg victory .  paris saint-germain defeats chelsea 3-1 in wednesday 's other quarterfinal in pari .
 body near highway id 'd as missing massachusetts boy jeremiah oliver <sec> the body of jeremiah oliver , 5 , was in a blanket inside a duffel bag , tossed by a highway .  no cause of death has been given yet ; the autopsy on the child is not complete .  the head of a state agency criticized in this case says she 's `` deeply saddened '' .  the boy 's mom , boyfriend were indicted in march in his disappearanc .
 analysis : where does the tea party go from here ? <sec> some in tea party movement have an obama blind spot , john avlon observers .  if tea party movement is to last , avlon says the obama bashers must be repudiated .  sarah palin was the most cautious speaker at nashville convention , he says .  avlon : movement must focus its anger at fiscal irresponsibility into policy proposal .
 egypt 's mubarak resigns after 30-year rule <sec> vice president omar suleiman says the armed forces will run the country .  'egypt is free ! ' .  people chanted on the streets .  crowds explode in cheers on the streets of cairo .  many protesters had called for the army to take ove .
 tea party activists gather in washington ahead of midterm elections <sec> rally proceeds in rainy weather .  signs , chants call for smaller government , constitutional rights .  crowd boos mention of president obama , house speaker pelos .
 web series builds anticipation for 'halo 4 ' <sec> a live-action web series has been drawing `` halo '' fans to youtube .  the five-part series premiered in october and wrapped up last week .  `` halo 4 , '' the latest installment in the sci-fi video game franchise , is released tuesda .
 elon musk thinks he can get you from ny to la in 45 minutes <sec> elon musk wants to revolutionize transportation with high-speed trains in enormous pneumatic tubes .  such trains could theoretically whisk people from los angeles to new york in 45 minutes .  a colorado firm is in the early stages of development of such a system .  musk is the serial entrepreneur behind tesla , the electric car company , and space .
 karzai to petraeus : apologies are not enough <sec> karzai and petraeus have a private talk sunday on civilian deaths .  petraeus repeats his apology for the death of 9 afghan boys .  obama has already called it a `` tragic accident .
 peru 's president : yale agrees to return incan artifacts <sec> a university representative pledges to return the ancient incan pieces .  peruvian president says the government is grateful .  they will be turned over to a peruvian university , the president says .  peruvian officials have demanded their return for year .
 the ivory coast votes for president after years of turmoil <sec> the election pits incumbent president laurent gbagbo against 13 challengers .  the ivory coast was once one of africa 's success stories .  a 2002 civil war sparked instabilit .
 david kwiatkowski gets 39 years for causing hepatitis c outbreak <sec> former medical technician sentenced to 39 years in hepatitis c outbreak .  david kwiatkowski injected himself with painkillers , then used syringes on patients .  thirty people were diagnosed with the virus that attacks the liver .  kwiatkowski worked in new hampshire , arizona , georgia , among other state .
 courage in journalism awards : meet the women who risk their lives <sec> some of the bravest women journalists are being honored at an awards night in los angeles .  the international women 's media foundation is honoring some of the world 's bravest journalists .  the winners are of the courage in journalism awards are from afghanistan , cambodia , syria .  there is also a lifetime achievement award for a journalist from zimbabw .
 strong earthquake shakes japan 's nagano area <sec> thirty-nine people are injured , seven of them seriously , police say .  the quake destroys homes in a popular ski resort in nagano prefecture .  no electric facilities were damaged , power company says .  quake reported at 6.8 magnitude by japanese agency ; usgs says it was 6 . .
 iraqi pm issues al-sadr ultimatum amid baghdad violence <sec> rocket attacks kill 3 u.s. troops , wound 31 .  prime minister to ban sadrists from politics if mehdi army not disbanded .  one arrested in kidnapping of a busload of college students , police say .  interior ministry official says militia fighting u.s. troops in sadr cit .
 mcconnell wins primary in kentucky , cnn projects he 'll face grimes <sec> david perdue and jack kingston will have a runoff in georgia 's gop senate primary .  in oregon , sen. jeff merkley , dr. monica wehby win democratic , gop senate primaries .  six states held primary elections tuesday .  republican sen. mitch mcconnell faces democrat alison lundergan grime .
 insane ocean spiral proposed as giant underwater city <sec> ocean spiral is a proposed underwater city from japanese construction firm shimizu corp . .  the futuristic settlement has been designed to produce all its own energy and will have enough room to house 5,000 people .  project expertise is being sought from academics , japanese government departments and energy experts , the company say .
