 liverpool legend steven gerrard confirms u.s. move <sec> steven gerrard confirms he will move to the u.s. when his liverpool contract expires .  midfielder says he is unable to reveal which club he will play for when he moves stateside .  gerrard says he knew it was time to leave when liverpool boss brendan rogers spoke about managing his game .
 we 're at a turning point on hiv/aids ( opinion ) <sec> barbara lee and kenneth cole : big strides made in hiv/aids fight .  hiv diagnoses have declined among blacks , latinos and women , they say .  an estimated 35 million people worldwide are living with hiv , authors argu .
 mexican divers suspend search for american <sec> tiffany hartley meets with mexican authorities in texas .  mother is hopeful the search will resume monday .  no mexican agencies are actively searching for david hartley .  hartley 's wife says he was shot on falcon lake on september 3 .
 bahrain hunger striker 's daughter arrested <sec> abdulhadi al-khawaja has been on a hunger strike for about eight weeks .  he is protesting his life sentence for participating in anti-government demonstrations .  his daughter was detained outside bahrain 's interior ministr .
 massa to wave chequered flag at brazil gp <sec> felipe massa will be in brazil for home formula one grand prix on october 18 .  the ferrari driver is a special guest to wave the chequered flag at interlagos .  massa is recovering from surgery after accident in qualifying for hungarian g .
 reality tv star jade goody loses cancer fight <sec> jade goody dies aged 27 after losing her battle with cervical cancer .  british pm gordon brown says he is `` deeply saddened '' by goody 's death .  british `` big brother '' star fast-tracked plans to get married after cancer spread .  goody said she needed to keep selling her story to raise money for her boy .
 bush shoe thrower trial delayed <sec> trial of iraqi journalist who threw shoes at u.s. president bush delayed .  muntadhir al-zaidi faces jail if convicted ; trial was due to start wednesday .  many iraqis hail the shoe thrower has a hero ; mass protests followed his arrest .  at least two weeks before new trial date set , legal experts sa .
 asia 's best restaurant is ... <sec> bangkok 's nahm restaurant wins second edition of asia 's 50 best restaurants awards .  bangkok , japan and singapore all have two entries in top 10 , hong kong has three .  korea 's first entry on the list comes in at no 20 -- jungsik in seou .
 steve ballmer now owns nba 's clippers for record $ 2 billion <sec> shelly sterling 's attorney says donald sterling should n't be able to contest sale .  former microsoft ceo steve ballmer is new owner of the los angeles clippers .  `` i will be hard core '' in supporting team , ballmer says .  sterling caused an uproar when he made racist remarks in an audio recording in apri .
 manchester united to sign dortmund 's japan star kagawa <sec> manchester united announce a deal to sign borussia dortmund 's shinji kagawa .  kagawa 's move is subject to passing a medical and obtaining a work permit .  the japan playmaker helped dortmund to the double in germany last season .  hertha berlin captain levan kobiashvili handed record ban for hitting refere .
 darren wilson : attorneys discuss his time in hiding <sec> lawyer : wilson may give up being an officer altogether .  `` it 's not a question of if , it 's a question of when , '' attorney says .  wilson , 28 , spent six years with the ferguson police departmen .
 'fruitvale ' director 's oscar grant connection <sec> new director ryan coogler chronicles the death of oscar grant in `` fruitvale '' .  grant was a 22-year-old bay area resident who was fatally shot in 2009 .  coogler : `` when it happened it really affected me .
 actor zachary quinto comes out in honor of bullied teen <sec> jamey rodemeyer 's suicide served as his `` catalyst , '' spock actor writes on blog .  rodemeyer killed himself last month after apparent bullying .  parents must teach respect and acceptance , quinto write .
 closing arguments heard at trial over british soldier 's slaying <sec> defense lawyers give closing arguments .  judge expects jurors to retire to consider verdicts thursday .  killing of soldier lee rigby outside barracks in southeast london shocked the nation .  michael adebolajo and michael adebowale deny murder and attempted murder charge .
 pentagon destroys thousands of copies of army officer 's memoir <sec> the department of defense says the memoir contained state secrets .  the book 's author calls the destruction `` ludicrous '' .  a second printing of the book incorporates redactions requested by the pentago .
 what to watch for at the grammys <sec> this year 's grammys will feature several duets .  beyonce will give a special performance .  there may be mention of bobbi kristina brow .
 diets through history : the good , the bad and the scary <sec> the grapefruit diet -- a.k.a . .  the hollywood diet -- was born in the 1930s .  weight watchers was founded by jean nidetch in 1963 .  jane fonda launched her first exercise video in 198 .
 box office : audiences love 'valentine's ' <sec> `` valentine 's day '' grossed an estimated $ 52.4 million over three days .  the film is likely to top $ 60 million by the time the presidents day holiday weekend is over .  in its 9th weekend of release , avatar grossed another $ 22 millio .
 thank you , sally ride <sec> sally ride , america ' first female astronaut , died this week .  meg urry : for a handful of women , she was an irreplaceable leader .  she says ride was part of a wave of accomplished women who broke through barriers .  urry : in later years , ride took on science literacy , opening doors for younger wome .
 florida millionaire found guilty of dui in man 's death <sec> new : prosecutor : defense experts were n't `` credible '' and had `` bizarre '' theories .  john goodman is convicted of dui manslaughter and vehicular homicide tied to a 2010 crash .  prosecutors say the florida millionaire was drunk when he hit another car , fled the scene .  the mother of the man killed in that crash says `` it 's time for the healing process to begin .
 huge squid has world 's largest eye , say scientists <sec> researchers defrosting two colossal squid at new zealand 's national museum .  the larger one has eyes around 27 cm across , believed to be world 's biggest .  it weighs almost half a tonne and measures about 32 feet ( 10 meters ) in length .  scientists believe that there may be even larger colossal squids in existenc .
 militants demand france pullout from afghanistan for hostage safety <sec> new : we will not change our policies because of threats , sarkozy says .  the message is issued by the head of the al qaeda in the islamic maghreb .  the five french nationals are among seven people kidnapped in september .  france has already indicated it will begin withdrawal next yea .
 human error blamed in training deaths of 7 marines <sec> in march , seven marines died during training exercise .  marines did not follow correct procedures , investigation finds .  no criminal charges are anticipated , the marines said .  earlier this month , three marines were relieved of duty related to the inciden .
 'real world ' star sean sasser dies <sec> news of sean sasser 's death ripples across social media .  sasser died from mesothelioma , a rare form of lung cancer , his partner says .  `` real world san francisco '' highlighted sasser 's relationship with pedro zamora .  he worked as a pastry chef at a washington restauran .
 ad for toughest job draws few applicants , many smiles <sec> the ad was fake , but it reminds people how hard one important person 's job is .  hundreds of thousands of people saw the ad , but only 24 expressed interest in being hired .  people brought in to help evaluate the description were surprised to hear the real job title .  the video for the mother 's day campaign has been seen more than 4 million time .
 rome title lifts sharapova 's french open hopes <sec> maria sharapova beats samantha stosur 6-2 6-4 in final of the rome masters .  former world no . .  1 triumphs in top-level clay event for the first time in her career .  russian has yet to complete her collection of grand slams with french open success .  sharapova has now beaten last year 's paris runner-up in eight consecutive matche .
 man charged with murder in mississippi family 's deaths <sec> timothy burns is charged with arson and two counts of murder .  he 's accused in the deaths of atira hughes-smith and jaidon hill , 7 .  the sheriff says there 's no known relationship between the suspect and victim .
 georgia judge bars release of photos of hiker 's nude , decapitated body <sec> judge blocks release of photos of meredith emerson `` unclothed or dismembered '' .  hustler magazine reporter seeks crime scene photos of emerson 's body .  house panel oks measure preventing release of gruesome crime scene photos .  hustler says it is reviewing its legal option .
 fact check : enforcing auto recalls <sec> most recalls involve free fixes , but nhtsa says 25 percent of consumers do n't comply .  consumer watchdog group says there 's no process to ensure that auto owners comply .  insurers could use vins to find drivers , states could refuse registration to force compliance .  at federal level , there 's no mechanism to ensure that drivers compl .
 'dying was easy : it 's the living that 's hard ' <sec> lester tenney , 92 , survived the bataan death march during world war ii .  he was held as a japanese prisoner of war .  tenney returned home and became a successful college professor .  he started an organization that sends care packages to u.s. troop .
 suicidal behavior may run in families <sec> first-degree relatives are 4 to 6 times more likely to attempt or complete a suicide .  still , says expert , `` genetics is not destiny '' .  influential factors are a combination of genetics and environment .  ernest hemingway committed suicide , and so did several of his relative .
 atlanta mayor : early city exodus due to snow crippled traffic <sec> `` if i had my druthers , we would have staggered the closures , '' kasim reed says .  roughly 2 inches of snow made virtual parking lots out of roads , highways tuesday afternoon .  reed says atlanta city road crews began pretreating streets at 9 a.m. tuesda .
 suspected cop killer releases 4 hostages in northern georgia <sec> new : suspect jamie donnell hood releases four hostages , an official says .  he is wanted in connection to tuesday 's slaying of a georgia police officer .  hood has asked negotiators to bring his mother to the scen .
 hall of fame pitcher bob feller dies <sec> feller pitched 18 years for the cleveland indians .  he pitched three no-hitters for the team .  feller was diagnosed with leukemia in augus .
 women 's world champion semenya faces gender test <sec> caster semenya wins women 's 800m gold at world athletics championships .  south african secures victory after iaaf asked for gender test on the teenager .  yusuf saad kamel claims bahrain 's first-ever medal with gold in men 's 1,500 .
 congressman wants feds to hand out iodide pills <sec> congressman wants people living near reactors to have pills handy .  a cnn consultant calls that `` a well-intentioned but bad idea '' .  trace amounts of radiation prompted a run on pills in californi .
 nigeria star worgu faces 40 lashes <sec> nigeria footballer stephen worgu could receive 40 lashes after he was convicted of drinking alcohol in sudan .  alcohol is illegal in the muslim north of sudan according to article 78 of the country 's penal code .  the lawyer for the al-merreikh forward has appealed against the punishment handed out to worg .
 nato restricts afghan operations after 'green-on-blue ' killings , anti-islam film <sec> nato 's senior civilian rep calls the need for the new policy a `` bump in the road '' .  gen. john allen orders commanders `` to review force protection and tactical activities '' .  more than 50 coalition troops have been killed by uniformed afghans in 2012 .  a u.s. commander estimated taliban infiltrators are behind about a quarter of thos .
 china falls short on olympic promises , critics say <sec> china has spent $ 40 billion , seven years planning for 2008 olympic games .  in 2001 , china promised to improve human rights , press freedom and pollution .  beijing official : free internet jeopardizes national security , detrimental to youth .  experts disappointed in 'significant opportunity lost ' for reform , improve world vie .
 canned art draws oooohs and awe <sec> cans of food turn into mr . .  potato head , king kong , a `` tomato tornado '' .  architects and engineers used 100,000 cans in 25 sculptures .  after competition , all the cans of food used are donated to city harves .
 injured serena williams pulls out of brisbane event <sec> serena williams withdraws from the brisbane international due to an ankle injury .  the american had earlier managed to defeat serbia 's bojana jovanovski 6-2 6-4 .  the 13-time grand slam champion hopes to be fit for this month 's australian open .  williams has won the melbourne event five times , a record in the open er .
 man known for elaborate christmas display found dead in his home <sec> john chakalos , 87 , found shot to death in his connecticut home .  chakalos also owned a home in new hampshire , which was decorated with millions of lights .  the elaborate christmas display takes up half of the family 's 86-acre property .  chakalos ' wife died in november ; no indication whether family will continue the displa .
 taliban and pakistan reject speculation mullah omar is dead <sec> `` we hope he is dead but we can not confirm it , '' an afghan intelligence spokesman says .  pakistan 's interior minister rejects the reports .  an isaf official says there is no indication it is true .  the afghan taliban reject `` false claims '' of omar 's death , saying he is alive and wel .
 committee to plan contractors ' phaseout in afghanistan <sec> afghan 's president has ordered a ban on security companies .  a committee will look at a timetable for implementation .  the united states and the united nations applaud the mov .
 somali-american 's family : who sent son to die ? <sec> jamal bana is third somali-american to head to somalia and die there .  bana 's family want to know who recruited him to join islamist insurgency .  president sheik sharif ahmed says u.s.-somalis joining islamist rebels .  many somalis went to u.s. after 1992 american intervention in somali .
 another aircraft grounded after hitting bird <sec> bird hits arkansas hospital 's helicopter , forcing pilot to land early .  copter 's pilot suffers minor injuries during landing .  incident comes days after birds apparently forced jet to land in hudson rive .
 authorities : pilot accused of faking death found in florida <sec> new : authorities : marcus schrenker apparently attempted suicide , taken to hospital .  new : schrenker found in florida two days after plane crash , authorities say .  police : schrenker bailed out of plane before crash , fled on stashed motorcycle .  authorities file charges against schrenker , accused of defrauding investor .
 indiana pioneer congresswoman : i have terminal cancer <sec> new : indianapolis ' first black congresswoman reveals lung cancer diagnosis .  new : julia carson worked to honor rosa parks ; fund national railroad links .  beset by other health troubles , cancer had been in remission , she said .  it `` was back with a terminal vengeance , '' she told indianapolis sta .
 disney 'driving experience ' crash : passenger killed <sec> authorities identify the deceased passenger as 36-year-old gary terry .  authorities say the driver , 24-year-old tavon watson , lost control of a lamborghini .  the crash occurred at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world speedwa .
 hewitt ready for 15th attempt at australian open glory <sec> lleyton hewitt defeats frenchman gael monfils in his final australian open warm-up .  australian will be making his 15th successive appearance at the grand slam .  he starts against old rival david nalbandian , who loses final of auckland open .  australia 's rising star jarmila groth wins women 's event in hobart on saturda .
 u.s. supreme court grants stay of execution in missouri case <sec> the u.s. supreme court grants a stay of execution .  the 8th circuit court of appeals will hold a hearing on the execution appeal .  russell bucklew suffers from cavernous hemangioma , a birth defect .  lethal injection cocktails have sparked numerous appeals as drug supplies dried u .
 colombian president sees 'signs of corruption ' in rebel prison break <sec> president alvaro uribe cites corruption in colombian rebel 's escape .  gustavo anibal giraldo quinchia is member of national liberation army .  giraldo is believed to have fled to venezuel .
 popular dj angie martinez changing stations <sec> martinez has been with hot 97 for decades .  she announces on instagram that she 's leaving the station .  a rival station tweets back to welcome he .
 here come the moms on 'big bang ' : six tv shows to watch <sec> the two moms from `` big bang theory '' guest star this week .  `` backstrom , '' `` blue bloods '' are among the week 's season finales .  comedy `` younger '' is gaining big buz .
 replica weapon behind texas a & m scare <sec> new : police identified a man with a replica rifle .  new : an all-clear is given .  a bus driver reported seeing a man carrying what looked like an ak-4 .
 mcafee returns to guatemalan detention center after hospital visit <sec> an attorney says john mcafee had a nervous breakdown , but no heart problems .  the 67-year-old software company founder is back in immigration detention .  guatemalan officials say they 've rejected mcafee 's request for asylum .  mcafee 's attorneys request an injunction , saying `` due process has been violated .
 top 10 ice-skating rinks in the united states <sec> rinks around the u.s. offer a variety of amenities .  some of the best indoor rinks are in houston and minneapolis .  yosemite national park provides great views while skatin .
 drone came within 200 feet of airliner over new york <sec> drone came dangerously close to alitalia jet landing in new york .  fbi appeals for public 's help in finding the drone 's owner .  drone was about three-feet wide with four propellers , fbi says .  radio communications indicate pilot spotted drone on monday afternoo .
 villa 's winner earns spain a semifinal clash with germany <sec> spain will play germany in the world cup semifinals after beating paraguay 1-0 .  striker david villa nets only goal in 82nd minute to go top of overall scoring charts .  south americans had a goal ruled out and then missed a penalty in second half .  spain also missed a penalty soon after before villa 's fifth goal of the tournamen .
 post-apocalyptic tv is everywhere <sec> life after apocalypse portrayed on multiple current television series .  `` falling skies , '' `` walking dead , '' upcoming `` revolution '' have different takes on the topic .  critic : `` everyone imitates everything that 's successful .
 autism pioneer stanley greenspan dies <sec> creator of an original approach to teaching children with autism died last tuesday .  stanley greenspan spent 30 years exploring the emotional lives of children .  greenspan treated strange behaviors as windows of opportunit .
 late lapses cost tiger at memorial <sec> tiger woods four shots off the lead going into final round of memorial tournament .  former world no . .  1 seeking to equal jack nicklaus with 73 pga tour victories .  spencer levin claims one-shot lead as he attempts to win his first u.s. title .  rory sabbatini is second ahead of rickie fowler , with woods fourt .
 washington landslide death toll rises to 35 <sec> new : of the 35 bodies recovered , 31 have been identified , the medical examiner says .  new : 11 people are still missing , authorities say .  president barack obama will visit the area on april 22 , the one-month anniversary .  he will meet with search-and-recovery crews , the white house say .
 senate rejects gop oil drilling plan <sec> the senate has rejected a gop bill to expand offshore oil and gas drilling .  a faster process for permit applications was among the bill 's elements .  a democratic plan to strip billions in tax subsidies for oil companies failed tuesday .  democrats and republicans are at odds over how best to address rising gas price .
