 xavier de le rue : snowboard 'addict ' cheats death <sec> xavier de le rue is a boardercross snowboard world champion from france .  de le rue survived a near-fatal avalanche but says it galvanized his love of sport .  the 34-year-old narrowly missed out on a spot in the french winter olympics team .  he also tackles big-mountain challenges , including a trip to antarctic .
 gallery : messy mayhem at mud festival <sec> millions of visitors get filthy in boryeong , south korea .  organizers aim to make mud festival more family friendly this year .  everything mud-related goes .  festival originally launched to promote cosmetic mud treatment .
 south africa overpower namibia in 12-try romp at world cup <sec> south africa thrash namibia 87-0 at the rugby world cup in new zealand .  bryan habana becomes the springboks ' all-time leading test try scorer .  winger 's score in the first haf is his 39th international try .  defeat extends namibia 's world cup losing streak to 14 matche .
 five great american tearooms <sec> specialty tea sales in the u.s. have quadrupled since 1990 .  cape cod 's dunbar tea shop serves hearty lunches and afternoon tea .  the tea room in savannah is inspired by charles rennie mackintosh design .
 cnn student news - august 19 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 russian meteor blast injures at least 1,000 people , authorities say <sec> described as once-in-100-years event , the meteor released a 300-kiloton blast .  lt had been moving faster than normal because of its close proximity to the earth .  deep space industries said countries should be proactive in establishing `` a sentry line '' .  a bright white flash appeared in the sky for a few seconds , followed by a heavy ban .
 outbreak in ohio adds to 18-year high of measles cases in u.s . <sec> the contagious disease was considered eliminated in the u.s. in 2000 .  the outbreak in ohio began with a mission trip to the philippines .  measles is one of the most contagious infectious disease .
 iphone 5s makes your finger into a password <sec> on the iphone 5s , touch id uses your fingerprint for security .  fingerprint data is encrypted , stored on phone , not apple servers .  some experts say apple 's tech is nice , but wo n't be game-change .
 opinion : rihanna spot on about phuket problems <sec> rihanna 's visit to thailand highlights shocking state of affairs in phuket , says local publisher alan morison .  during recent visit to thailand , rihanna tweeted about a visit to a sex show .  morison says touts for sex shows are probably the worst thing about soi bangl .
 protesters rally against , for planned islamic center in new york <sec> protesters march by ground zero .  the planned $ 100 million facility includes a mosque .  it will be built a few blocks from the site of the world trade center .  critics say an islamic center near the site is a painful affron .
 rene lacoste : the lasting legacy of 'le crocodile ' <sec> rene lacoste has left a lasting legacy in tennis and fashion .  he helped france to its maiden davis cup win in 1927 and was a top singles player .  after retirement he created the `` lacoste '' brand , introducing polo shirts and new rackets .  france will play in the semifinals of the davis cup team competition this weeken .
 'the princess bride ' : wright wanted the fairy tale <sec> robin wright talks about her first feature film role in `` princess bride '' .  `` i did not act , '' wright tells town and country magazine in its june issue .  she says she was `` convinced '' she was going to marry co-star cary elwes .  these days she stars on netflix 's `` house of cards .
 libya pays $ 1.5 billion to settle terrorism claims <sec> payment is part of multitiered plan to normalize relations between the two countries .  tensions go back to attacks on pan am 103 , german disco , u.s. airstrikes .  libya now exempt from legislation allowing victim compensation from frozen assets .  deal ends libyan liability in terror cases , paves way for u.s. investmen .
 gloves come off , candidates go all out in las vegas debate <sec> seven of the top gop presidential candidates faced off in las vegas .  jon huntsman decided to boycott nevada and instead will campaign in new hampshire .  front-runners cain , romney and perry came under frequent attack .  romney and perry trade sharp accusation .
 'most dangerous ' celebs to search for online <sec> report says jessica biel is the `` most dangerous '' celebrity to search for online .  one in five of the actress ' search results could damage computers , report says .  computer security company mcafee compiles the list .  researcher says hackers target pop culture trend .
 how did toddler survive car crash in utah river ? <sec> lily 's 25-year-old mother , lynn jennifer groesbeck , died in the crash .  `` children are very resilient ... sometimes we do n't realize how much they actually can withstand , '' says docto .
 real open up seven-point gap on barca <sec> real madrid extend la liga lead to seven points with 3-1 win over real zaragoza .  barcelona drop points on the road again with goalless draw at villarreal .  juventus open up four-point gap at top of serie a after 2-1 win against udinese .  ac milan play cagliari on sunday nigh .
 passengers : mayo sandwiches , showering in the dark on cruise ship <sec> the ntsb is investigating the fire on the cruise ship .  passengers were told there was a `` flameless fire , '' one says .  one says his birthday cruise was ruined .  he says some elderly passengers were strugglin .
 tour of bulgarian village sheds light on maria 's plight <sec> cnn 's karl penhaul visits the bulgarian roma village where `` maria '' grew up .  `` we gave her away . .  i did n't take any money , '' her biological mother says .  dna match traced birth parents of maria to the village of nikolaevo .  greek roma couple who raised maria are in custody charged with kidnappin .
 9 of the world 's greatest tunnels <sec> 2014 marks the 20th anniversary of the opening of the channel tunnel .  the 24.5-kilometer laerdal tunnel in west norway is the world 's longest road tunnel .  at 460 feet below sea level the seikan tunnel is the longest and deepest rail tunnel in the worl .
 he can afford it , she ca n't : couple 's health care dilemma <sec> janet copeland remarried says she 's using life savings to pay for health insurance premiums .  copeland and husband disagree about affordable care act .  conservatives say implementing health care law at state level could bankrupt the country .  health care law supporters say this election `` is the most important in u.s. history .
 catch a ride on the 'nostalgia train ' <sec> some 1930s-era subway cars are back in service this month in new york .  some feature wicker seats , overhead fans and old advertising posters .  rehabilitated subway cars from 1930s to 1970s go from manhattan to queens .  transit official : old cars make riders smile , talk with each othe .
 barca celebrate la liga title at rain-soaked nou camp <sec> barcelona beat valladolid 2-1 in nou camp .  team lift la liga trophy for 22nd time .  porto claim portuguese title ahead of benfica .  ac milan seal champions league spot in ital .
 practice debate opponent shares his secrets <sec> robert barnett : candidates must make sure they answer town hall questions .  barnett has played republicans in practice debates for more than 20 years .  barnett : i try to prepare candidates for the attacks they will face .  barnett says he 'll make the case aggressively to prepare candidate .
 pediatricians urge tougher chemical safety law <sec> 1976 act on toxic chemicals too weak , doctors group says .  epa has tested only 200 of the 80,000 chemicals .  n.j. senator has introduced tougher measur .
 for chicago , 7 weekend homicides represent progress <sec> seven people were shot to death over the weekend in chicago .  city police point out there were more than twice as many a year ago .  the department has been implementing a new plan to fight crime .  despite the success , more work needs to be done , officials sa .
 protest symbol or plush toy ? ikea 's lufsig makes hong kong comeback <sec> ikea 's hit toy sold out within hours of restock in hong kong .  cuddly wolf toy became a tongue-in-cheek symbol of protest against chief executive last year .  lufsig fans express their disappointment ; more stock expected in marc .
 police : as many as 20 present at gang rape outside school dance <sec> 10 people involved in assault , 10 others watched and offered no help , police say .  richmond , california , police say student was gang raped for over two hours .  former student , 19 , and 15-year-old arrested .  victim , 15 , remains in the hospital in stable conditio .
 frozen conditions aid in alaska pipeline spill cleanup <sec> ice buildup led to alaskan pipeline rupture , officials say .  nearly 46,000 gallons of water-and-oil mixture spilled entirely on land .  spill not believed to have any effect on production or wildlife in are .
 hugh jackman shares pic after skin cancer removed from nose <sec> jackman 's wife urged him to get his nose checked .  `` boy , was she right ! '' .  jackman says of cancerous growth .  message to fans : `` get yourself checked . .  and use sunscreen ! ! .  ! .
 has italy passed the point of no return ? <sec> italy 's bond yields have passed the dangerous 7 % threshold .  bond yields represent investor confidence in a country 's ability to repay its debt .  prime minister silvio berlusconi announced he will resign following the passage of austerity measures .  with a debt pile of nearly 2 trillion euros , italy is seen as too big for europe to bail ou .
 mexico floods president 's home state with police <sec> mexican government responding to a spate of deadly attacks in michoacan .  the number of federal police officers patrolling the state has more than tripled .  sudden spike in violence follows arrest saturday of high-ranking drug cartel member .  la familia michoacana accused in the slayings of 12 federal police officer .
 dozens dead after clashes in syrian border town <sec> ras al ain is located on syria 's border with turkey .  there are conflicting reports about how the fighting began .  syrian rebels say the kurds sparked the violence ; kurds say snipers fired on anti-fsa dem .
 elections : 10 things to look for ( opinion ) <sec> alex castellanos : whether we like it or not , here come the election results .  castellanos : if gop does well , is it because voters like its message ? .  or just think dems are worse ? .  he asks : will democrats see their troubles as a reason to change course ? .  castellanos : was it a mistake for democrats to run on the `` war on women '' .
 rob lowe and rashida jones to leave 'parks and recreation ' <sec> rob lowe and rashida jones will exit during season six .  the tv couple will try for a baby in the remaining episodes .  season premiere features guest stars heidi klum , henry winkle .
 chance encounter , in middle of nowhere , leads to amber alert rescue <sec> their `` demeanor '' and `` expressions '' were out of place , a rider says .  the girl seen by riders in central idaho was the object of an amber alert .  `` people need to be aware and observant , '' another rider say .
 official : syria might have thought downed jet was israeli <sec> syrian official calls turks `` our friends and brothers '' .  he said maybe syrian forces thought the plane was from israel .  tensions have flared over syria 's jet shootdown last week .  syria and turkey are looking for the missing pilot .
 source : fbi searching michigan field for hoffa 's remains <sec> new : fbi agent says information `` reached the threshold of probable cause '' .  the search is based in part in information provided by an alleged mobster .  the fbi has spent months looking into tony zerilli 's claims .  hoffa , then 62 , was last seen on july 30 , 1975 , outside a detroit-area restauran .
 vatican setting up commission against sexual abuse of minors <sec> the commission 's purpose is to prevent the abuse of minors and support victims of abuse .  commission members not yet chosen , will be international .  the proposal came from the council of cardinal advisers , helping pope on refor .
 10-man burkina faso take giant stride towards knockout stage <sec> burkina faso beat ethiopia 4-0 in group c match at africa cup of nations .  alain traore scores twice in commanding performance .  burkina faso goalkeeper abdoulaye soulama sent off in the second half .  holders zambia and nigeria drew 1-1 in earlier matc .
 tim kaine : 'my intuition tells me ' clinton will run <sec> hillary clinton 's 2016 decision could be known as early as december , says sen. tim kaine .  kaine , a virginia democrat , says he thinks clinton will run for president .  kaine is a former governor and former chairman of the democratic national committe .
 will insects be the next thai food phenomenon ? <sec> insects could be a valuable food of the future as global population increases .  high in nutrients , they are also more environmentally friendly than traditional livestock .  thailand leads the world in edible insect production .  cultural antipathy could be overcome by product diversification , proponents sa .
 official : no survivors of air algerie crash <sec> a search team finds wreckage of air algerie in northern mali desert .  burkina faso official says no one survived the crash .  thunderstorms rumbled through plane 's flight path , cnn forecaster says .  cuban president 's daughter was not on board flight , despite airport 's clai .
 report : mali refugees endure 'appalling ' conditions at mauritania camp <sec> report : malian refugees are suffering a lack of food , water and shelter in the desert camp .  child malnutrition rates are going up , the doctors without borders report says .  conditions are so poor that people who arrive at the camp healthy become ill , it says .  the mbera camp was set up in early 2012 after violence first broke out in northern mal .
 ireporters gush over 'dark knight ' <sec> ireporters got up early , stayed up late to see `` the dark night '' .  christina perez got to the theater four hours early .  `` best movie i 've ever seen , '' jessica lang said .  send your review : share photos and video .
 ukraine needs the west to act swiftly <sec> there have been protests in ukraine since kiev rejected an eu trade deal last november .  the unrest was the subject of debate at the munich security conference last weekend .  joerg forbrig says eu and u.s. comments there signify a change in western policy .  a `` ukrainian plan '' must include emergency aid and assistance for broader reforms , he say .
 # 147notjustanumber : kenyans use social media to honor attack victims <sec> kenyans use hashtag # 147notjustanumber to honor victims of kenya university attack .  the attack killed 142 students , three security officers and two university security personne .
 eco-wall or segregation : rio plan stirs debate <sec> rio de janeiro is erecting walls around shantytowns to protect rainforests .  residents say it amounts to social segregation .  `` the state government walled us in , so more houses would n't be built in the forest '' .  officials say the wall is needed to keep the regions from spreading further into jungl .
 china 's forced labor camps : one woman 's fight for justice <sec> petitioner liu xiuzhi spent more than a year in one of china notorious labor camps .  re-education through labor system allows people to be held for four years without trial .  the prisons are seen as a way for officials to settle scores and muzzle critics .  government has pledged to reform the system but little progress so fa .
 opinion : do n't send alleged al qaeda fighter to guantanamo <sec> david frakt : seizure of abu anas al libi being hailed as triumph for rule of law .  he says the situation is n't clear and it appears libya government might not have been told .  putting al-libi on trial in regular court would be a good thing for rule of law , he says .  frakt : obama should resist calls to send him to guantanamo and try him in military cour .
 pfc . manning admits leaking classified material that 'upset ' him to wikileaks <sec> manning offers his rationale for the crimes , saying he did n't mean to harm the u.s . .  he has pleaded guilty to 10 of 22 charges against him .  manning did not plead guilty to the most serious charge : aiding the enemy .  his court-martial is scheduled for june .
 amber vinson 's discharge leaves one ebola case in u.s . <sec> discharged nurse asks that we do n't `` lose focus '' on those suffering in west africa .  u.s. can not `` react based on our fears , '' president obama says .  u.s. diplomat arrives in liberia to show `` solidarity '' .  there 's now only one person , a doctor in new york , with ebola in the united state .
 military signals 'closed-door ' policy on georgia garage doors <sec> new communication system installed at fort gordon near augusta , georgia .  military : radio signals interfere with frequency of wireless garage door remote control .  some residents complain the base gave no prior notice of possible interferenc .
 cologne cathedral protests anti-islamization rally <sec> cologne cathedral turns off its lights to protest against anti-islamization rally on monday .  `` patriotic europeans against the islamization of the west '' is rallying near the church .  the group is also holding demonstrations in the german capital berlin and the city of kasse .
 nine years later , americans remember as president calls for tolerance <sec> new : war on terrorism will continue , attorney general says .  rallies held in favor of , against islamic center near ground zero .  americans mark the times when the planes crashed with solemn silence .  at the pentagon ceremony , obama makes a plea for religious toleranc .
 manhunt in britain ends as fugitive kills himself <sec> raoul moat was wanted in the shooting of three people last weekend .  he was pronounced dead shortly after arriving at a hospital .  moat had been on the run for a wee .
 oil wreaks havoc on gulf coast livelihoods before it arrives <sec> spill and response already have taken toll on seafood , tourism industries .  dauphin island , alabama , city official : seafood crop could take a decade to recover .  forty percent of fish harvested in the lower 48 states comes from the gulf .  vacationers spend billions in the region , but many americans have canceled plan .
 brain blood clots rare , experts say <sec> mumford & sons bassist undergoes an operation for a blood clot .  the clot was on the surface of his brain , the band says .  most blood clots are found in the legs , experts sa .
 kenneth tate , security guard , fired unjustly , he says <sec> fired security guard tells cnn he stuck to his assigned duties .  kenneth tate only went to take pictures when the detail was over , he says .  federal official says cdc asked for tate to be reassigned .  tate says he carried a handgun that he was given , never took photos of president on elevato .
 rafael becomes hurricane as it churns toward bermuda <sec> new : rafael becomes a category 1 hurricane .  officials advise residents to prepare , but say the storm should pass east of the island .  forecasters say they expect the tropical storm to become a hurricane monday nigh .
 u.s. first as kerr tops women 's rankings <sec> cristie kerr tops women 's world rankings after winning lpga championship .  kerr is the first player from the united states to achieve the honor .  japan 's ai miyazato finishes tied for third but loses top spot to ker .
 project to turn desert green trials in qatar <sec> pioneering scheme to turn desert back into green , profitable land trialed in qatar .  sahara forest project testing technology on one-hectare site in mesaieed industrial city , south of doha .  pilot project using seawater greenhouses and concentrated solar powe .
 teaching creole for a cause <sec> max adrien , originally from haiti , wanted to help after the january 12 earthquake .  adrien teaches french at hamline university in st. paul , minnesota .  now he 's teaching haitian creole to volunteers heading to haiti .  adrien says even a few creole phrases would bring joy to most haitian .
 top of the chops : the screening room 's top 10 kung fu films <sec> iconic kung fu star bruce lee hits the top spot with `` enter the dragon '' .  tarantino 's genre tributes , `` kill bill 1 & 2 , '' are stylish and bloody .  `` the matrix '' is a sci-fi kung fu movie with slickly made fight sequences .  but jean-claude van damme 's `` street fighter '' lacks the killer punc .
