 opinion : the dark side of social media -- a new way to rape <sec> rebecca campbell : the rate of sexual assaults is alarmingly high among adolescents .  campbell : rape is a crime of power and dominance , and social media make it worse .  she says perpetrators make victims feel worse when they circulate sexual assault photos .  campbell : we must reform the criminal justice system and do more to prevent cyberbullyin .
 'enhanced interrogations ' do n't work , ex-fbi agent tells panel <sec> committee republicans say hearing could help diminish national security .  ali soufan : `` people were given ... half-truths and false claims of successes '' .  ex-fbi agent takes issue with dick cheney , who says such tactics helped u.s . .  the techniques , ok 'd by bush administration , are considered torture by som .
 religious violence plagues central african republic <sec> some analysts fear fighting could fuel regional confrontation between christians , muslims .  `` we have never seen anything as bad as this before , '' missionary says of violence .  largely muslim militia known as the seleka wreaking havoc in capital and beyond .  anthropologist : sectarian killing overlaps with other grievances in central african republi .
 tony blair : west must fight isis , its ideology <sec> hearing his name in execution video strengthened tony blair 's resolve to defeat isis , he says .  ex-prime minister says obama `` absolutely right '' to build coalition , fight terror group .  blair : aerial campaigns wo n't be enough ; it 's unclear if fight will require more troops on ground .  west must root out `` perversion '' of faith taught in middle east , africa and europe , he say .
 3 clues that mitt romney was n't going to run - cnnpolitics.com <sec> mitt romney announced friday he wo n't run for president again -- a decision he made a week ago .  while in mississippi on wednesday , he may have offered some hints that he was n't going to be runnin .
 natural born killers <sec> cane toads have been blamed for mass crocodile deaths in australia .  small indian mongoose one of the world 's `` worst invaders '' .  red fox responsible for `` dozens of mammal extinctions .
 lindsey vonn set for long layoff after surgery <sec> lindsey vonn undergoes successful surgery on damaged ligaments in her right knee .  surgeon says vonn should return in time for 2015 world championships .  last week it was announced vonn would miss the 2014 winter olympics in soch .
 adobe caves in to apple -- fewer blank spots on i-devices ? <sec> adobe 's flash does not work on apple 's iphones or ipads .  adobe is releasing an application that will convert flash into html5 .  html5 is a new web standard aimed at working on most browsers and mobile devices .
 waffle house ceo accused of forcing employee to perform sex acts <sec> a woman tells atlanta police she was a personal assistant to waffle house 's ceo .  she accuses him of offensive sexually related acts in 9 years she worked for him .  joseph rogers jr. , the ceo , could not be reached for commen .
 ex-blackwater contractors sentenced in iraq shooting <sec> blackwater sniper nicholas slatten is sentenced to life in prison , mandatory for his first-degree murder conviction .  three others get 30 years plus one day in the 2007 shooting in baghdad that left 17 dea .
 spain leads the way in organ donation <sec> transplant patients worldwide face shortfall of organs .  rates of organ donation among deceased vary widely around the world .  legal , cultural and organizational factors influence organ donation .  spain 's transplant coordination network has helped it become global leade .
 embattled nepalese prime minister resigns <sec> madhav kumar nepal announced he was quitting in a televised address .  he was under political pressure to avert a national crisis .  the maoists , who fought a 10-year insurgency , form the largest political party in nepal .  the maoists had threatened to block approval of a new constitutio .
 al-shabaab has recruited more than 40 americans , congressman says <sec> rep. peter king : the somali militant group is recruiting americans and canadians .  the first confirmed american suicide bomber in history was fighting for al-shabaab , he says .  the hearing is the third on muslim-american radicalizatio .
 rival ends zimbabwe election challenge to re-election of robert mugabe <sec> voters went to the polls on july 31 to pick a new president .  zimbabwe 's election commission declared that incumbent mugabe won .  challenger tsvangirai says he is withdrawing a court case on the election .  he says the election commission has not released material he wanted for the cas .
 ringleader of belgian terror cell sought <sec> official : the suspected ringleader behind the belgian terror cell remains at large .  source : charlie hebdo attacker sold counterfeit goods ; proceeds were used for weapons .  source : dna found in car used to transport market gunman traced to a man in custod .
 pope 's visit overshadowed by predecessor 's legacy in mexico <sec> pope benedict xvi will travel to mexico for the first time friday .  first visit to spanish-speaking latin america in his seven-year pontificate .  barely a week before visit , a mexican exhibit opens to honor pope john paul i .
 andrew getty , grandson of j. paul getty , dies <sec> getty 's death appears to be natural causes or accident , coroner 's office says .  mother and father of andrew getty confirm death , asks for privac .
 fbi : husband in bride 's stabbing death was heading to mexico <sec> arnoldo jimenez told an associate he was going to mexico , fbi says .  fbi tracks phone use from illinois to texas near the mexican border .  he told his sister that he and his new bride had `` a bad fight , '' and he left her bleeding .  bride estrella carrera , 26 , was found stabbed to death in a cocktail dress in the bathtu .
 'high fidelity ' author talks relationships , new book and film <sec> nick hornby , author of `` high fidelity '' and `` about a boy '' releases new book tuesday .  `` juliet , naked , '' revisits the dysfunctional male , music fan kind of character .  internet has changed how the obsessive type lives and thrives , hornby says .  `` an education , '' for which he wrote screenplay , gets critical acclaim , festival attentio .
 aussie skipper clarke joins illustrious club ; england seize initiative <sec> australia captain michael clarke matches legends wally hammond and don bradman .  clarke becomes only the third player in history to hit double and triple centuries in a series .  clarke complies 210 as australia declare first innings on 610-7 against india , who are 61-2 .  england reduce pakistan to 256-7 on day one of the second test against pakista .
 zimbabwe , seeking election funding , turns to neighboring countries <sec> finance minister : zimbabwe is well short of the $ 132 million needed to run its election .  he spoke today with for sadc member nations , but would n't say which .  sadc nations pressured for a power-sharing arrangement in zimbabwe in 2009 .  a prior effort to obtain funding failed when a un team was n't allowed in the countr .
 famed model beverly johnson says bill cosby drugged her <sec> new : beverly johnson to cnn : i want more women victims to `` speak the truth '' .  the famed model says bill cosby drugged her in 1980s .  johnson says she shouted an epithet at cosby , who finally sent her away .  johnson says she was afraid to tell her story before recent allegation .
 obesity epidemic strikes u.s. pets <sec> the majority of adult dogs and cats are overweight , study finds .  part of the problem is the `` fat pet gap '' -- owners unaware pets are overweight , group says .  39 % of u.s. households own a dog ; 33 % of households own a cat , humane society says .  raleigh , a dog that topped scales at 187 pounds , cut his weight in hal .
 in mexico , guilty till proven innocent <sec> maureen meyer : u.s. woman jailed in mexico one of many caught in corrupt system .  meyer : thousands arrested in drug wars on little evidence , and some tortured .  woman tricked into carrying heroin was raped , forced to sign confession , she says .  meyer : mexico , `` a factory for producing guilty people , '' needs new justice syste .
 cia , fbi push 'facebook for spies ' <sec> u.s. intelligence agencies are urging staffers to use a new social-networking site .  called a-space , it 's for analysts within the nation 's 16 intelligence agencies .  analysts can use a-space to share information about al qaeda , other issues .  only intelligence personnel with the proper security clearance can access the sit .
 tunisia and co-hosts gabon advance with dramatic late wins <sec> tunisia and gabon secure second wins in africa cup of nations group c .  last minute goal from issam jemma gives tunisia 2-1 win over niger .  co-hosts gabon later beat morocco 3-2 to join tunisia in last eight .  bruno mbanangoyes grabs dramatic winner for gabon in stoppage tim .
 admiral : bush does n't want war with iran <sec> former central command chief william fallon denies president sought third war .  fallon : concern for confidence in chain of command led to resignation .  `` there are many other ways to solve problems '' besides war , he says .  fallon : best course in iraq is to maintain confidence in gen. david petraeu .
 'dancing with the stars ' : who 's leading so far ? <sec> `` dancing with the stars '' premiered monday night .  the season 19 cast made its debut .  actor alfonso ribeiro is in the lead .  designer betsey johnson and olympian lolo jones were in the bottom tw .
 posh nyc restaurant roasted by health inspectors <sec> per se , one of new york 's most exclusive restaurants , gets a `` c '' grade .  violations included no hand-washing facility or soap in food prep area .  per se will have a chance to argue the inspection at a hearin .
 follow these tips for maximum hotel savings <sec> bundling airline and hotel reservations is an effective savings strategy .  connecting with a hotel via social media can unlock hidden discounts .  avoid outrageous in-room phone rates by using skype , rebtel and lin .
 living with crohn 's disease : 'today i will fight again ' <sec> crohn 's disease is `` horrible , it 's overwheming and it 's humiliating , '' debbi wynn says .  many with crohn 's suffer in silence , wynn says .  even in remission , fear and anxiety linger , she says .  wynn says she 's learned to be grateful for each day in remissio .
 report : mexican singer accused of raping teen to testify <sec> the state-run notimex news agency says kalimba will testify in a private hearing saturday .  he is accused of raping a teen in a hotel in the mexican state of quintana roo .  his attorney says kalimba is calm and confident because he is innocen .
 obama , romney focus on the economy - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama says he 's seeking to restore `` the basic bargain '' that made america great .  romney says the president `` just has n't been able to do the job '' .  the campaigns disagree over whether romney plan would send more jobs oversea .
 u.s. embassy terror plot uncovered <sec> authorities uncover a radical islamic terror plot against the u.s. embassy in baku .  the united states has reduced its embassy 's operations .  britain also shut its embassy in baku to the public on monda .
 christina aguilera cites 'irreconcilable differences ' in divorce <sec> aguilera wants joint custody of her son .  the singer-actress filed for divorce thursday .  her petition says the couple had a prenuptial agreemen .
 low temperatures , heightened anger and fear in sandy 's wake <sec> cold temperatures heighten health and other concerns in areas still without power .  new york 's mayor says 90 % of new york subway services should be restored by sunday .  con edison : all but 270,000 of its once 940,000 affected customers have powe .
 maldini and figo bid farewell with wins <sec> paolo maldini plays 902nd and final match for ac milan in 2-0 win over fiorentina .  luis figo ends his career as champions inter milan beat atalanta 4-2 .  torino relegated to serie b with 3-2 defeat to as rom .
 sepp blatter : a controversial leader <sec> fifa president sparks anger by declaring that racism is not an on-pitch problem .  sepp blatter has a history of causing controversy with his public comments .  world football 's ruling body has been tainted by charges of corruption during his reig .
 shoot-everything style meets stronger story in 'borderlands 2 ' <sec> 'borderlands 2 ' improves on original with better story , characters .  game picks up five years after original on a wild west planet .  choices of character , weapon can change how game plays .  moments of humor soften the carnag .
 cnn student news transcript - april 6 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 in a battle royal : reid , mcconnell face off <sec> democrat harry reid and republican mitch mcconnell in a rare joint appearance at senate hearing .  reid is pushing to change the constitution to override a court decision opening up campaign spending .  the hearing was an exercise in the tricky personal and political barbs that now litter the senat .
 hidden cameras show airport workers stealing from bags <sec> tsa received more than 30,000 claims of missing valuables between 2010-2014 .  most of the missing valuables were packed in checked luggage .  miami-dade police set up hidden cameras as part of stin .
 president asks congress to delay syria strike vote <sec> new : president says he will continue talks with russia 's president , while keeping military ready .  new : obama says he is sending secretary of state john kerry to meet with russian foreign minister .  syria will sign on to chemical weapons accord , foreign minister walid moallem says .  syria also prepared to disclose chemical weapons , discontinue production , he say .
 iraq 's pm to al qaeda fighters : 'we will not withdraw ' from anbar <sec> new : at least seven people have been killed and 31 wounded in shelling , medical officials say .  new : al qaeda-linked fighters warn sunnis to stop working with the government .  new : `` there will be no withdrawal , '' prime minister nuri al-maliki say .
 flight makes unscheduled landing in phoenix over 'erratic ' passenger <sec> american airlines flight 1488 made an unscheduled stop in phoenix on thursday .  a passenger was behaving erratically , phoenix police spokesman says .  `` two guys and a girl , they held the guy down till we got on the ground , '' witness says .  unidentified passenger was taken to an area hospital for treatment , police sa .
 thailand : super-canal may prevent floods <sec> thai authorities consider super-express waterway to prevent future floods .  under the plan , existing natural canals would be linked in 200-km `` super-highway '' .  super-canal would hold 1.6b cubic meters of water and massively speed drain run-of .
 colombia : farc arms traced to venezuela <sec> saab bofors dynamics in sweden made the arms , jane 's defence weekly says .  weapons seized in 2008 from a guerrilla base , colombian magazine semana says .  venezuela denies the allegation .
 5 things we learned from oscar nominations <sec> older women shine at oscar nominations .  films highlighting diversity were mostly overlooked .  tom hanks and oprah winfrey are on outside looking i .
 israeli orchestra performs hitler 's favorite music in germany <sec> conductor says it is time to separate wagner 's world view from his music .  the 19th century composer was known for his anti semitic views .  performances of his music in israel are considered insensitive to survivors of the holocaus .
 u.s. weighs airstrikes for iraqi town besieged by isis <sec> new : u.s. general meets with top officials in baghdad and irbil .  airstrikes and humanitarian airdrops are being considered , white house official says .  isis fighters have besieged the town of amerli since june .  `` there are fears of an imminent massacre , '' a u.n. official say .
 marissa mayer : from google 'geek ' to yahoo ceo <sec> google 's marissa mayer is named ceo of yahoo .  mayer was google 's 20th employee and its first female engineer .  she is credited with the clean look of google search .  mayer oversaw the launch of many key products , including google map .
 djokovic faces nervous wait over injury <sec> novak djokovic could miss monte carlo masters tournament .  world no.1 struggling to overcome ankle injury .  tommy robredo won first title in two years following morocco success .  roberta vinci up to 12th in the world after katowice open title victor .
 joni mitchell 's friend files for conservatorship <sec> singer-songwriter joni mitchell is still hospitalized .  her longtime friend leslie morris wants to be appointed her conservato .
 peru : 2 women arrested for drug trafficking treated well -- archbishop <sec> peruvian police are holding two young women suspected of drug trafficking .  melissa reid , held with michaella mccollum , says she was made to carry the bags .  archbishop of lima sean walsh says the two are being well treated in detention .  uk and irish authorities say they are providing consular assistance to the two wome .
 fanzone preview : the german bundesliga <sec> arjen robben injury could hinder bayern munich 's defence of bundesliga . .  real madrid captain raul signs for challengers schalke . .  wolfsburg new boss steve mcclaren is league 's first english manager .
 cnn student news one-sheet : veterans day <sec> use this information to learn about the history of veterans da .
 affidavit says zimmerman 'profiled ' martin <sec> affidavit says zimmerman disregarded dispatcher 's request .  zimmerman 's relatives say he killed martin in self-defense .  `` martin was unarmed and was not committing a crime , '' affidavit say .
 boston marathon bomber defense : he was 'like a puppy ' <sec> defense seeks to make case to spare life of convicted boston bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev .  defense : brother tamerlan , who was killed during police showdown , was obsessed with jihad .  dzhokhar tsarnaev was well-liked , polite and docile , according to witnesse .
 egypt elections : 5 things to know <sec> there are just two candidates in egypt 's presidential election , with polling due on may 26 , 27 .  ex-general abdel fattah el-sisi faces left-leaning politician hamdeen sabahi .  the election follows last year 's ouster of muslim brotherhood president mohamed morsy .  cnn 's reza sayah says both candidates have generally remained vague on policy detail .
 fight or flight ? master your motivation to further your career <sec> two types of attitude to work , says heidi grant halvorson , promotion and prevention focused .  knowing your motivation and working with it , not against , is key , she says .  both types can have successful careers and fulfilling personal live .
 pakistan shuts down facebook over 'draw mohammed day ' <sec> new : `` bullying ... will not be tolerated in a free country , '' group founder says .  new : council on islamic-american relations calls idea offensive .  ban prompted by calls for users to draw pictures of the prophet mohammed .  `` draw mohammed day '' was being organized by online grou .
 modular prosthetic limb : bionic arm 'like something from space ' <sec> 'world 's most sophisticated ' bionic arm is controlled by the mind .  modular prosthetic limb includes computer in palm of hand .  seven years in making , valued at tens of thousands of dollars .  positive psychological benefits for amputee .
 making sense of apple stock 's roller coaster ride <sec> despite record quarterly profit , apple 's stock price plunged 12 % recently .  aswath damodaran : how can a valuable company fall from grace so quickly ? .  he says apple has acquired investors with wildly divergent views about the company .  damodaran : when a stock becomes a pricing play , investors look past real valu .
 hackers nab data of over 1 million online game customers <sec> new : sega says the affected service does not store credit card numbers .  sega says the data breach included e-mail addresses and passwords .  the company shut down operations and sent out apologies .  english language users saw messages that the sega pass site was down for `` maintenance .
