 'sadness , ' uncertainty in ukraine even after landmark deal <sec> opposition leader : it 's `` very important to find a peaceful way to be the winner '' .  government , opposition agree on deal to end violence , alter constitution .  some protesters say the deal is `` not enough , '' demand president 's resignation .  yanukovych is believed to have gone to eastern ukraine , u.s. official say .
 what 's wrong with a 'girlie man ? ' <sec> carol costello says olympic skater ashley wagner calls herself a strong , athletic woman .  costello : she 's refreshing in light of remarks like `` girlie man '' and `` feminization of culture '' .  what 's wrong with feminine ? .  the gop should beware of comments like this , she says .  costello : in 2005 , ski jumping was not `` appropriate for ladies '' ; finally they 're competin .
 tattoos tell my real story <sec> david strohecker is technically a white , male , heterosexual , christian ph.d. student .  strohecker : my tattoos and piercings lead to assumptions about my character .  sociopolitical views are a large part of identity , and tattoos tell story , he says .  `` i hope to teach others ... it 's important to see past appearances .
 singer eddie fisher dead at 82 <sec> he died from hip surgery complications , family says .  he is best known for marriages to celebrities , including debbie reynolds and elizabeth taylor .  he is also the father of actress carrie fishe .
 show goes on : defiant paris opens glitzy new philharmonic <sec> paris philharmonic 's debut concerts are dedicated to the victims of the recent attacks in paris .  new venue has courted controversy through its budget , delays and suburban location .  with 2,400 seats , it 'll be one of the largest concert halls of its kind in europ .
 retracted autism study an 'elaborate fraud , ' british journal finds <sec> new : dr. andrew wakefield says his work has been `` grossly distorted '' .  british journal bmj accuses wakefield of faking data for his 1998 paper .  `` the damage to public health continues '' as a result of the autism-vaccine claim .  the study was retracted and wakefield lost his license in 201 .
 first lady helps track santa on christmas eve <sec> michelle obama answers phone calls for norad 's santa tracker .  she tells one caller she has already gotten what she wanted : her family is together .  norad 's santa tracker started by accident in 195 .
 republicans take more than 60 house seats , cnn projects <sec> new : the gop picks up more than 60 seats , cnn projects .  republicans gain a majority in the house .  about 100 of 435 house seats were competitive .  pelosi urges `` common ground .
 santa shooter carried secret guilt , attorney says <sec> bruce pardo 's son from previous relationship was brain damaged , attorney says .  secret of boy 's existence was factor in divorce , newspaper reports .  police are looking for car pardo might have rented .  authorities release information on those unaccounted for after fir .
 isis mosul defense could trigger troop recommendation <sec> iraqi forces could begin to move to retake mosul as soon as april , a u.s. official says .  isis is continuing to try to reinforce its defenses of mosu .
 from food recipes to ak-47s : inside online world of women of isis <sec> experts say women have flocked to join isis , which has seized swathes of iraq and syria .  one group estimates that up to 15 % of isis ' foreign recruits are women .  in february isis formed al-khansaa , a female battalion with about 60 members , all under the age of 2 .
 lawyer : soldier to be discharged after reporting for duty with kids <sec> soldier reported for duty in georgia on monday with her two preschool children .  she had been discharged four years ago , but was recalled .  lisa pagan argued no one would be able to care for kids if she was sent overseas .  lawyer : army granted request for reprieve , and she will be discharged for goo .
 defense : sex assault dropped in brig . gen. sinclair 's court-martial <sec> sexual assault charge to be dropped against brig . .  gen. jeffrey sinclair , defense says .  defense attorney says costs of `` false rape allegations '' should be factored into sentence .  general had said he would n't plead guilty to charges that put him on sex-offender registry .  government agrees to sentence cap ; general knows maximum penalty , defense say .
 matteo renzi , the football fan mayor taking on italy 's elite <sec> matteo renzi is incoming pm of italy , a country with a fractious governing system .  it 's not clear how the 39-year-old will garner more support than his predecessors .  the country has problems including its two trillion euro debt pile and high unemployment .  but renzi has shown he is a long-distance player -- and has youth and stamina on his sid .
 ferguson braces for grand jury decision <sec> shop owner constance garnett has boarded up her salon .  she says she fears the response to the grand jury decision .  others , like burger bar owner , is open for business and not boarde .
 world health day : the neglected diseases that plague 1 in 6 <sec> world health day focuses on diseases spread by insects , other animals .  neglected tropical diseases ( ntds ) affect one in six people worldwide .  50 cents will protect one person from multiple ntds for a year , writes neeraj mistry .  beating ntds could be next major public health success story , he say .
 south african aids activist 's new fight <sec> zackie achmat is a prominent south african political activist .  he is known for his battles for gay rights and better access to drugs used to treat aids .  achmat started his fight against injustice as a young boy protesting apartheid .  today he is campaigning for better public facilities in south africa 's township .
 president : nine die in 'terrorist ' bomb blast in colombia <sec> new : president calls the bombing a `` terrorist '' attack , offers 30 million peso award .  new : `` we have to continue to be on the offensive , '' president santos says .  explosive cylinders were camouflaged by food inside a vehicle , a police official says .  victims included 5 soldiers , a police officer and three civilian .
 speed skater j.r. celski overcomes bloody injury to capture bronze <sec> j.r. celski takes bronze in the 1,500-meter short-track speed skating at olympics .  two of the south koreans leading the group unexpectedly crash in race .  five months ago , celski 's left thigh was sliced opened by skate blade .  he returned to the ice for first time just eight weeks before the olympic .
 first passengers celebrate a380 <sec> singapore airlines a380 superjumbo completes historic maiden flight .  luxury first class cabins have separate leather seats and double beds .  one passenger paid $ 100,000 for the first singapore to sydney tri .
 'jihad jane ' ally pleads guilty to terrorism charge <sec> new : jamie paulin-ramirez pleads guilty to a terrorism charge .  prosecutors say woman aided colleen larose , a woman who called herself `` jihad jane '' .  paulin-ramirez was arrested in ireland after larose .  if convicted , she faces up to 15 years in prison and a possible $ 250,000 fin .
 new york 's hospital of immigrants : where hope and pain collide <sec> new york 's ellis island hospital complex is now open to the public for tours .  immigrants were stopped at the hospital and checked for disease between 1902 and 1930 .  french artist jr has placed life-sized images of former doctors and patients on its walls .  the complex is a mix of hope and pain , the gateway to a new life and worl .
 opinion : it 's smart politics to exaggerate terrorist threats <sec> bruce schneier : it 's smart politics to exaggerate terrorist threats and security threats .  schneier : a politician wants to be seen as taking charge and demanding answers .  he says once a security system is in place , it can be very hard to dislodge it .  schneier : many unneeded security measures are pushed by government bureaucrac .
 police : mi6 agent not killed , as previously thought <sec> mi6 codebreaker gareth williams ' body was found locked in a bag in his apartment in 2010 .  a coroner 's inquest into his death concluded it was likely someone had killed him .  but scotland yard says it thinks it 's most likely no one else was involved in williams death .  however , it says there remains insufficient evidence to be definitive on the cas .
 swedes pencil in session for assange questioning <sec> new : interrogation time has been scheduled .  wikileaks founder says swedish authorities still have n't clarified his alleged crime .  sweden has dropped a separate rape charge against assange .  he says the allegations have still been damagin .
 bryan cranston on life after 'breaking bad ' <sec> the actor told parade its been hard to let go of walter white .  cranston says obama could learn from lbj .  he will next appear in the film `` godzilla .
 opinion : on america 's birthday , do we still believe ? <sec> newt gingrich is concerned about poll showing americans have little faith in government .  gingrich : if most believe government is corrupt , we are teetering between an uprising and cynicism .  without change , he says , we could cease to be the land of the free and of opportunit .
 ceo steve ridgway on his virgin atlantic departure <sec> virgin atlantic ceo steve ridgway announced his surprise departure next march .  rejected suggestions that he was leaving the company over a pay dispute .  the 60-year-old took the helm in 2001 , expanding from two to 40 long-haul craft .  declined to speculate on a successor : `` it 's too early to say .
 college admissions : where you go does n't seal your fate <sec> a new book says that where you go to college does not determine who you will be .  author frank bruni blames the economy and colleges for increasing the stakes for admission .  of the top 10 fortune 500 ceos in 2014 , only one went to an ivy league schoo .
 ba cabin crew members go on strike <sec> new : british airways posts lists on its web site of flights it plans to operate .  besides three-day strike , unite to strike for four more days beginning march 27 .  unite : plans call for longer working hours , cut staff .  ba chief : contingency plan will try to get customers to destination .
 presidents should not swear in on a bible <sec> dean obeidallah : president obama will take presidential oath with his left hand on two bibles .  obeidallah : presidents swear to uphold the constitution , so why not use that document ? .  the constitution does n't mention a bible , he says , and two presidents did n't use one .  obeidallah : john quincy adams swore on a book of laws , emphasizing his first loyalt .
 dongfeng race team : around the world with no sleep and a new language <sec> chinese team led by french sailors entering the round-the-world volvo ocean race .  applicants from china deprived of sleep for up to 40 hours during selection trials .  crewmates must overcome language barrier with safety paramount in race which can kill .  team leaders hope to establish lasting sailing legacy in china when race begins on october .
 tropical storm andrea forms in the gulf <sec> new : storm moving north at faster rate ( 6 mph ) .  a storm warning is issued for parts of the florida coast .  little change in strength is forecast for the next 48 hours .  andrea the first storm of the 2013 atlantic hurricane seaso .
 fema chief to survey red river flooding <sec> red river peaks at 19 feet above flood level over weekend .  fema chief craig fugate will tour fargo , north dakota , to see area 's response to flooding .  city expected to stay above major flood level for at least week , spokeswoman says .  sister city moorhead , minnesota , also on high alert for floodin .
 david beckham to donate psg wages to children 's charity <sec> david beckham signs short-term contract at paris saint-germain .  soccer icon says he will donate his wages to a paris children 's charity .  the 37-year-old ends speculation about his future after leaving l.a. galaxy .  he had spent six years in u.s. but decided to end his contract earl .
 sampras : federer is the 'best ever ' <sec> former world number one pete sampras says federer is the 'greatest ' .  both men share the record for winning 14 men 's singles titles .  federer says he feels there are `` more titles to come '' .  the swiss eyes a new record of six tournament wins at wimbledo .
 north , south korea agree to reopen kaesong joint industrial zone <sec> nations agree that zone will no longer be affected by political situations .  north korea had suspended operations at the industrial zone in april during tensions .  it 's not clear when the complex will reope .
 fbi warns military of isis threat - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the fbi issued a bulletin on sunday warning servicemen and women of possible isis threats .  the memo asked members of the media to review their social media profile .
 slain connecticut principal 's husband left with future that no longer makes sense <sec> dawn hochsprung was principal of the school were 26 people were massacred .  her husband says he never imagined he would outlive her .  he says he was initially angry she had put herself in danger by confronting the gunman .  but now he says , `` i 'm not angry . .  i 'm just very sad .
 even more places to see before you die <sec> no longer dominated by the soviets , eastern europe has the old and the new to discover .  the nervous or novice traveler can still find very safe places to explore .  adventurers can go to cultures completely different from their own , solo or with a tou .
 spooky inspiration behind 'the night strangers ' <sec> chris bohjalian 's latest novel is about a fixer-upper haunted house in new hampshire .  `` the night strangers '' has witches , ghosts , a haunted house and a deadly plane crash .  bohjalian has put his own 21st-century spin on the supernatural genr .
 astronaut karen nyberg captures typhoon haiyan from space <sec> nasa astronaut captures typhoon haiyan over philippines , from space .  karen nyberg speaks to cnn after 166-day mission in space .  conducted experiments on astronauts ' eyesight and bone densit .
 officials : 2 killed , 80 homes affected after massive explosion in indianapolis <sec> seven go to hospitals after the late-night blast in an indianapolis neighborhood , officials say .  five of the homes affected are lost , while 26 others may not be inhabitable , an inspector says .  `` people are just ... in shock , because it is such a surreal thing , '' a resident say .
 what do you give a north korean leader ? <sec> the exhibition house is filled with gifts from 184 countries .  china and russia are the biggest donors .  in 2000 , madeleine albright gave kim jong il a silver dish and a basketball signed by michael jorda .
 boston airport apologizes for fire training exercise on 9/11 <sec> boston logan international airport holds fire training exercise on anniversary of 9/11 .  massachusetts port authority issues apology in response to harsh condemnation .  gov . .  deval patrick : `` the timing could not be worse .
 meningitis cases climb to 198 , deaths to 15 <sec> the cdc reports 13 fungal meningitis cases more than friday .  they all have been linked to injections of a contaminated steroid .  documented cases are reported in 13 states , with tennessee especially hard hit .  the outbreak has been linked to a massachusetts compounding pharmac .
 china 's net users outnumber entire u.s. population 2-1 <sec> china has 649 million users , outnumbering the entire u.s. population two to one .  80 % of users -- 557 million -- use smartphones and tablets to connect .  `` great firewall '' means chinese user experience very different from outside of chin .
 socotra : unspoiled island sanctuary caught on camera <sec> socotra , off the coast of yemen , has been described as the galapagos of the india ocean .  photographer claudius schulze visited in search of adventure and exploration .  he has produced a photography book of his travels in socotr .
 da : weight-loss doctor charged with sexually assaulting patients <sec> pennsylvania prosecutors have charged a doctor with sexual assaulting patients .  prosecutors : at least six female patients say the weight-loss doctor assaulted them .  the incidents allegedly occurred during patient visits , prosecutors say .  dr. arie oren is free on bond with a hearing scheduled for next wee .
 cosby controversy : 6 signs of rape culture ( opinion ) <sec> marc lamont hill : the way people talk about cosby allegations is revealing .  hill : for many , the alleged victims were validated when a male comedian raised the issue .  we live in a `` rape culture '' where claims of rape are minimized , he says .  hill : people shield men from accountability for sexual violenc .
 are there more lost leonardo paintings out there ? <sec> recent disocvery of lost leonardo da vinci painting prompts speculation .  true identity of `` salvator mundi '' lay dormant for years until research confirmed it was a leonardo .  scholars believe there may be up to 20 paintings in the world , and possibly more drawings .  once authenticated , paintings leap in value by millions of dollar .
 government held liable in warrantless wiretapping case <sec> ruling reaffirmed earlier decision that the warrantless wiretaps were illegal . .  district judge vaughn r. walker said the government is liable for damages .  justice department spokeswoman said the ruling was under revie .
 cakes and climbing : a pope 's tour of wadowice <sec> the pope , born karol wojtyla , lived in wadowice , poland , until he was 18 .  wadowice has created a trail that takes in places frequented by the future pope in his youth .  devouring local cream cakes and climbing nearby mountains were among his favorite pastime .
 air canada aims to keep up with the `` gangnam '' crowd <sec> in 2012 , air canada turned a profit for the first time in five years .  calin rovinescu , the ceo , wrote that the company needed to keep up with the competition by going 'gangnam ' .  one major change was introducing premium economy class .  the company also started a low-cost airline called rouge , which has vacation-oriented route .
 second 2-year-old boy missing in arizona <sec> emmett trapp was last seen monday evening .  he is the second toddler to go missing in 10 days .  officials do not think his case is related to sylar newton , missing since july 2 .
 and now , only one senior al qaeda leader left <sec> al qaeda 's number two leader was killed in a cia drone strike .  peter bergen says it shows that the terrorist organization is effectively out of business .  he says the only senior leader left is ayman al-zawahiri , the successor to bin laden .  bergen : fearing present day al qaeda is more irrational than fearing a lightning strik .
 isner powers to victory as u.s. draw level with france in davis cup <sec> france and u.s. all-square after first of davis cup quarterfinal .  spain take 2-0 lead in tie against austria ; serbia tied 1-1 with czech republic in prague .  croatia and argentina also tied at 1-1 in buenos aire .
 five things to know about india 's mars orbiter <sec> mars orbiter mission is pride of india after its successful entry into red planet .  mangalyaan has sent back its first images of the surface of mars .  mission cost less than was spent to produce hollywood film `` gravity .
 4 teens accused of assaulting florida boy in locker room <sec> boy , 13 , says he was sexually assaulted at middle school .  4 teens , age 14 and 15 , face felony charges in tampa , florida .  all four suspects have been suspended from schoo .
 buffalo springfield to launch 30-date tour this fall <sec> furay says fans will have plenty of chances see them perform later in the year .  `` the plan is to do 30 dates this fall , '' he says .  the plan is to play mostly large theaters , as opposed to arenas and amphitheater .
 mexican mine rescue advancing <sec> eleven bodies have been recovered and rescuers are looking for three more .  lozano says crews are close to reaching those .  he says there is no hope of finding the miners aliv .
 drogba double sinks arsenal at emirates <sec> didier drogba scores twice as chelsea beat arsenal at emirates .  chelsea re-open five point lead at the top of the english premier league .  liverpool beat everton 2-0 in merseyside derby to go fifth in standings .  birmingham win 1-0 at wolves with lee bowyer scoring winne .
 yao ming retiring ? chinese fans hope not yet <sec> new : yao 's agent tells cnn he will hold news conference on july 20 to discuss his future .  yao ming was the nba 's top overall draft in 2002 .  one chinese media outlet says yao did not announce his retirement .  the 30-year-old basketball player has been plagued with injuries in recent year .
 japan nuclear agency raises threat level <sec> new : the agency raises the level from 5 to 7 .  7 is the highest possible level and is on par with chernobyl .  japan 's government has called for further evacuations .  cities covered by monday 's orders should evacuate in about a month , edano say .
