 fate of 'last dictator in europe ' up for grabs in belarus election <sec> the race will determine the fate of president alexander lukashenko .  lukashenko is regarded as `` the last dictator in europe '' by u.s. lawmakers .  lukashenko is running against nine other candidate .
 hk pan-democrats keep veto power ; pro-beijing camp keeps dominance <sec> more than a majority of voters turn out at polls .  with more than a third of seats won , pan-democrats still hold veto power .  election comes a day after hong kong dropped national education requirement .  pro-beijing camp benefited from infighting among pan-democrats , professor say .
 sandusky federal investigation may have different focus <sec> former prosecutors review subpoena sent to penn state .  documents may shed light on whether there was a cover-up , they say .  federal subpoena also looking at sandusky 's charit .
 is 'the legend of zelda ' headed to netflix ? <sec> netflix is reportedly developing a tv series based on popular nintendo games .  `` the legend of zelda '' is in the early stages of being created .  zelda williams was among those reacting to the news on twitte .
 rapper t.i . in custody until friday <sec> new : t.i . .  to remain in custody until friday , when there 's a bond hearing .  rapper was arrested saturday on weapons charges .  t.i . .  won two awards at bet awards show saturday nigh .
 federal judge says arizona sheriff was racially profiling <sec> new : `` this is vindication , '' says immigration rights activist .  judge : `` america 's toughest sheriff '' may not allow race or heritage to influence decisions .  sheriff joe arpaio 's lawyer says his client did not racially profile .  the sheriff 's office plans to appeal the rulin .
 opinion : controversial immigration report may be right <sec> david frum : heritage foundation report estimated cost of immigration reform .  he says study 's co-author believes in an offensive theory about race and intelligence .  frum : co-author 's views reprehensible , but that does n't invalidate heritage findings .  frum : immigration reform will add substantial costs for entitlement .
 will iran nuclear deal unleash the 'germany of the middle east ' ? <sec> oil sanctions on iran remain in place for the next six months despite historic deal .  iran produces about two and half million barrels a day - far lower than a decade ago .  sanctions on energy alone are costing tehran about $ 50 billion in lost annual revenue .  iran sits on about 9 % of the world 's proven oil reserves and claims the largest gas fiel .
 cdc : blue bell listeria outbreak dates back to 2010 <sec> new this is a multistate outbreak `` occurring over several years , '' the cdc says .  cdc says 3 people died from bacteria believed to have come from blue bell .  `` we are heartbroken about this situation , '' blue bell ceo and president say .
 watch out orlando , dubai wants to be the world 's biggest theme park destination <sec> dubai has plans for numerous large-scale amusement parks .  legoland and an underwater theme park are two of those envisaged .  developers chose dubai as the emirate aims to become premier tourist destinatio .
 how to get kennedy-esque health care on your budget <sec> kennedy 's son was given experimental treatment for bone cancer when he was 12 .  when daughter kara developed lung cancer , kennedy found a doctor who 'd operate .  empowered patients can get kennedy quality care without riches or connections .  doctor 's advice : do research on the internet , contact experts and other patient .
 top senate republican doubts damage from defense cuts <sec> texas senator believes cuts may not be as bad for defense as the pentagon says .  john cornyn could face criticism from fellow republicans with gop strong on defense .  pentagon would absorb half of the automatic , government-wide spending cuts .  cuts due to take effect on friday absent congressional action to avert the .
 'picasso of india ' dies at 95 <sec> husain died in a london hospital .  his was india 's most celebrated artist .  his works fetched millions of dollars .  but he came under attack from hindu nationalist .
 pakistan : arrests thwart karachi attacks <sec> arrests averted attacks on karachi , police chief says .  lashkar-e-jhangvi linked to bhutto assassination , attack on sri lanka cricket team .  police : three suspected pakistan taliban members also arrested with suicide vest .
 analysis : who 's in charge as obama visits russia ? <sec> president obama meets with russian president dmitry medvedev on monday .  tuesday , he meets prime minister vladimir putin , who some say is really in charge .  obama seems to be driving a bit of a wedge between the two , says cnn 's ed henry .  moscow meetings will be a big diplomatic test for obama , henry say .
 no contradiction : i 'm black and gay <sec> lz granderson : black , gay communities treated as if they are totally separate .  but lz says he identifies as black and gay and both aspects are integrated .  lz : gays and lesbians have always played a prominent role in the black community .  he says black community must resist attempts to turn it against its gay member .
 zaha hadid : 'would they still call me a diva if i was a man ? <sec> exclusive interview with world 's most famous female architect zaha hadid .  designer behind new luxury blohm+voss superyachts : `` frames like veins '' .  iraqi-born briton says building baghdad 's central bank would be `` very special '' .  thinks conditions of construction workers is the responsibility of government .
 'pregnant man ' and wife : we 're a normal couple <sec> thomas beatie gave birth to a daughter in july , now is expecting again .  beatie and wife nancy talk to cnn 's larry king .  couple explain relationship , how they became parents .  thomas beatie was born a female but says he always felt he was a ma .
 5 cool features every phone should have <sec> cnn mobile editor etan horowitz suggests 5 features that should be on all smartphones .  none of these five is currently on the iphone .  a truly water-resistant phone makes underwater photos fun and easy .  hands-free voice controls let you use your phone safely when drivin .
 pakistani diplomat shot in nepal <sec> officials say pakistani diplomat was shot 8 to 10 times but is out of danger .  diplomat is attacked by two people on motorcycles .  police : around 150 people have been rounded up for questionin .
 drug tampering investigation could mean justice delayed in delaware <sec> state investigators have taken control of a drug testing lab in delaware .  they are trying to find out if evidence has been tampered with , substituted or removed .  a sealed envelope opened in court during a drug trial contained a surprise switch .  the state wants pending trials involving the lab be stayed for 60 day .
 goog-411 shuts down , but there 's an alternative <sec> voice service goog-411 shuts down on thursday .  the number let users search business and personal directories for free .  users also could place free long-distance calls .  bing-411 is a good alternative , gahran say .
 opinion : a smart way out of the gaza confrontation <sec> michael oren : mideast crisis presents opportunity for creative diplomacy .  he says model for a solution should be the removal of chemical weapons from syria .  oren : u.s. inspectors could oversee removal of hamas rocket stockpiles .  he says international aid could repair gaza 's economy , and israel could ease blockad .
 halle berry battles ex again over daughter <sec> a judge orders berry 's fiance to keep away from her ex , gabriel aubry .  aubry , her daughter 's dad , faces a battery charge after a fight with olivier martinez .  photos show aubry 's injuries , which says happened with martinez attacked .  berry and aubry have battled for two years over custody of young nahl .
 avoiding sexy costumes for kids <sec> some halloween costumes marketed to young girls are too provocative , author says .  think comfort and safety when helping your child pick out a costume .  if you are uncomfortable with the available choices , you can always make a costum .
 a nation 's sex strike for democracy <sec> activist women of togo are withholding sex to get men to take action against dictator .  sex strike organizers say they will use whatever power they have for democratic change .  successful sex strikes have happened many times historically and globally .  frida ghitis : but women need real power to have a fair say and role in political proces .
 review : leap motion controller is promising but glitchy <sec> leap motion controller lets you manipulate computer apps with hand gestures .  using motion sensors , the controller detects your hand movements 2 feet away .  navigating with leap takes practice as the device can be maddeningly sensitive .  the controller costs $ 80 and will be available at best buy starting july 2 .
 lawsuit seek damages , rights for indiana stage collapse victims <sec> new : an injured woman says the death of her same-sex partner `` is not right '' .  new : a lawyer says a $ 5 million cap on damages is `` puzzling '' and `` wrong '' .  new : he says same-sex partners deserve the same benefits as heterosexual ones .  seven people were killed in the indiana state fair collapse last mont .
 netanyahu : iranian president is 'wolf in sheep 's clothing ' <sec> iranian envoy rejects accusations as `` inflammatory '' and `` unfounded '' .  rouhani is a `` loyal servant '' to islamic regime , israeli prime minister says .  `` it 's not hard to find evidence that iran has a nuclear weapons program , '' netanyahu says .  netanyahu urges leaders not to be duped by rouhani 's moderate ton .
 domestic violence : 20 years of landmark law ( opinion ) <sec> it 's been 20 years since the violence against women act was passed .  joe torre , esta soler : domestic partner violence has declined sharply .  they says discussion sparked by ray rice case shows the problem still is formidable .  authors : take pride in what 's been accomplished but we need to finish the jo .
 christie to heckler : 'sit down and shut up ' <sec> new jersey gov . .  chris christie told a heckler wednesday to `` sit down and shut up '' .  the heckler was criticizing christie 's handling of the recovery from superstorm sandy .  local media identified the heckler as jim keady , a former asbury park councilma .
 diouf banned for five years by senegal <sec> el-hadji diouf has been banned from international soccer for five years by senegal .  diouf banned for claiming the football system in africa is corrupt .  two-time african footballer of the year also spoke of `` shenanigans '' in senegal soccer .  diouf claimed he did n't receive an invitation to a hearing earlier in the mont .
 fourth suspect arrested in killing of gulf coast couple <sec> gary lamont sumner faces murder charge in deaths of byrd , melanie billings .  more arrests imminent , escambia county county sheriff says .  surveillance video shows 5 masked people storming home in beulah , florida .  robbery a motive , but `` we believe there are other motives , '' sheriff say .
 court sentences 5 bin laden relatives for living illegally in pakistan <sec> the 5 will be released in mid-april , lawyer says .  the three widows and two other relatives faced charges of living illegally in pakistan .  the court orders their repatriation after completion of sentence .  they have been detained since the u.s. raid in may that killed bin lade .
 sarah jones ' family files suit in her death filming 'midnight rider ' <sec> sarah jones , 27 , was killed by an oncoming train during production in georgia .  her death rocked the film community ; images are shared on a facebook page .  jones ' parents are seeking unspecified damage .
 ferguson furious as chelsea edge manchester united in showdown <sec> chelsea move two points clear at the top of the english premier league with vital victory .  london club defeat champions manchester united in controversial match .  didier drogba 's second-half goal put chelsea 2-0 up but substitute striker was offside .  united hit back with goal by replacement federico macheda , who seemed to use his ar .
 soldier charged with manslaughter after trying to cure another of hiccups <sec> two soldiers are drinking alcohol while watching a sunday night football game .  one soldier gets the hiccups ; the other uses a gun to try to cure him with a scare .  but patrick myers , 27 , allegedly uses the gun in `` unsafe manner '' and shoots other soldier in face .  myers charged with manslaughter in death of pfc . .  isaac lawrence young , 2 .
 in full 2016 mode , rand paul goes to new hampshire - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sen. rand paul has six events on wednesday in the important primary state of new hampshire .  the kentucky republican also did a round of no-holds-barred interviews where he criticized potential opponents .  2016 hopefuls have been making increasingly public steps toward running including jeb bush and mitt romne .
 detroit airport terminal reopens after suspicious device removed <sec> new : an fbi official says no explosive device was found .  one of detroit metropolitan airport 's terminals was evacuated for about two hours .  it was cleared to reopen around 8:30 a.m. , a spokesman says .  screeners had noticed something suspicious in a passenger 's carry-on luggag .
 cook just misses milestone as england dominate india <sec> alastair cook scores 294 as england dominate third test against india .  cook 's highest-ever test score helps england reach 710-7 declared .  it is england 's third-highest ever test score and their best since 1938 .  in reply , india have reached 35-1 , needing 451 runs to make england bat agai .
 britons pour love on 'evil ' healthcare system <sec> britons leap to defend national health service after u.s. criticism .  prime minister gordon brown among those expressing pride in system .  nhs offers free health care to all uk resident .
 unknowing twins married , lawmaker says <sec> twins separated at birth went on to marry each other , a british lawmaker says .  the lawmaker told the house of lords the pair did not know they were blood relatives .  he said the twins , adopted by separate parents , were given an annulment .  the claims were made during a debate on donor conceptio .
 china , world 's leading tobacco user , moves to ban public smoking <sec> china moves to ban public indoor smoking by end of 2014 .  half of chinese men smoke , according to survey .  china is largest consumer and producer of tobacc .
 'raging bull ' sequel now 'the bronx bull , ' no longer a 'raging bull ' sequel <sec> `` raging bull ii '' now has the working title `` the bronx '' .  the film traces the life of boxer jake lamotta in the years that span before and after `` raging bull '' .  `` raging bull '' won star robert de niro an academy awar .
 judge delays decision on zimmerman contributions <sec> george zimmerman wo n't be required to immediately hand over website contributions .  prosecutors had asked judge to consider raising zimmerman 's $ 150,000 bond .  judge kenneth lester says he needs to find out more about the account before ruling .  zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder in the death of trayvon marti .
 study : flu shot may help reduce heart attacks <sec> new : study does not prove cause and effect , researcher says .  uk researchers say flu vaccine is associated with a 19 percent drop in first time heart attacks .  researchers studied a large group of people age 40 and olde .
 can postcards survive in the digital age ? <sec> postcards were once the favorite way of documenting our holidays .  the postcard was invented in the u.s. and its heyday was in the 1930s and 40s .  in recent years travellers have turned to blogs and emails to keep in touch .  cnn wants to know if you still send postcards , leave a comment belo .
 environmental scientists tout nuclear power to avert climate change <sec> top enviro-scientists call on world leaders to embrace nuclear power .  only nukes can make enough clean power to slow climate change , they say .  nuclear energy is too expensive and risky , says natural resources defense council .  scientist : al gore supports safer , better nuclear power , `` but he wo n't come out and say that .
 how to stop wasting food <sec> the average u.s. household discards up to $ 2,000 in food each year .  there are ways to store food carefully or preserve it to enjoy later .  fruit can be made into a fruit salad or frozen for later use .  preserve herbs by making a paste or sauce , or dry hardier herb .
 king tut and 2,000 years in ancient egypt <sec> `` tutankhamun : the golden king and the great pharaohs '' opens in atlanta .  exhibit places king tut in a continuum of egyptian history .  130 artifacts span 2,000 years and more than a dozen reign .
 solar lasers , ocean power and volcanoes : unusual energy sources of the future <sec> researchers are looking for alternatives to fossil fuels .  former nasa engineer john mankins plans to put solar power plant into space .  uk , france , portugal and u.s. world leaders in wave power .  danish inventor jens dall bentzen creates biomass furnace that can burn wet woo .
 facebook makes it easier to ignore people and pages <sec> facebook is adding settings to the most popular pages , people and groups you follow ! .  the news feed settings are an attempt to give users more control over the posts they see .  the new settings are available on the desktop site and coming soon to mobile app .
 official : texas crews rush to fend off 'perfect storm for wildfires ' <sec> new : a forest service spokeswoman says conditions are the driest since 1917 .  one fire sunday spurs evacuations and threatens a college in travis county , near austin .  governor asks for help , saying the wildfire fight `` is beyond the capabilities of the state '' .  texas authorities have battled 7,807 fires over more than 1.5 million acres so far this seaso .
 explosives found in bag at texas airport <sec> tsa says a `` suspicious '' item was detected during x-ray screening .  a city official says the item was explosives encased in military-grade wrapping .  a portion of midland international airport was closed while authorities removed the ite .
 dying defense lawyer lynne stewart released from jail <sec> new : lynne stewart is released from jail after a judge 's order .  stewart was sentenced to 10 years in prison in 2010 .  she aided a convicted terrorist 's communication from prison to his terrorist group .  she is 74 years old and has a terminal , incurable illnes .
 lopez lomong : from war child to u.s. olympics star <sec> lopez lomong is a former `` lost boy '' from sudan who now runs for team usa .  lomong spent 10 years of his life in a refugee camp in kenya .  he was relocated in the united states as a teenager and became a u.s. citizen in 2007 .  in 2008 he was picked to carry the american flag at olympics opening ceremony in beijin .
 49ers and ravens -- and harbaugh brothers -- to face off in super bowl xlvii <sec> new : baltimore 's john harbaugh says he admires his brother jim , the 49ers ' coach .  the two will be the first brothers to face off , as coaches , for a major u.s. sports championship .  san francisco rallies from a big deficit to beat atlanta 28-24 in the nfc championship game .  baltimore shuts out new england in the second half , winning 28-13 to reach the super bow .
 whistle-blowing soldier moved to solitary confinement <sec> safety concerns prompt winfield 's move , source says .  spokeswoman says army is investigating alleged threat .  she does not identify those involved .  12 soldiers charged in connection to civilians ' killing .
 england 's game of year draws attention from across pond <sec> espn moves english club soccer game to flagship station for first time in history .  manchester derby pits city rivals against each other for national championship .  pubs bolster staffs , as americans plan to skip school , work for monday match .  espn announcer expecting lively crowd , `` might bring a tin helmet , '' he joke .
 tour de france : doping past haunts 100th edition of cycling classic <sec> kenyan-born briton chris froome favorite for 2013 tour de france .  100th edition of the famous race founded by henri desgrange .  history littered with tragedy and doping scandals .  first tour since lance armstrong confessed to cheatin .
 dream saved from death by 30-second plea <sec> high school hit hard by katrina aims to build $ 2 million sports field with donations .  four years after storm , all 530 students attend classes in fema trailers .  23-year-old athletic director leads fundraising campaign -- much of which is online .  supporters : facility will help students develop pride , discipline for successful lif .
 putin : russia was ready for nuclear alert over crimea <sec> russian president vladimir putin was interviewed for a documentary on crimea shown on russian state tv .  asked if russia had been prepared to bring its nuclear weapons into play , putin said : `` we were ready to do it .
 porn star ron jeremy back to work after surgery <sec> ron jeremy has returned to filming adult movies after a health scare in february .  jeremy had two aortic aneurysms : abdominal and thoracic .  porn star says he was nervous about filming his first scene after returnin .
 5 things : highlights and lowlights from the world cup <sec> portugal 's pepe gets to sit next game because he headbutted an opponent .  two politicians paid visits to winning locker rooms .  the ball -- yes , the ball -- tweets ! .  ghana ruled the stat sheet , except the one place that count .
