 rouhani calls sanctions against iran illegal <sec> rouhani says new sanctions against his country are a crime against humanity .  iranian leader : `` we should resist such an aggression with all might and power '' .  remarks come one day after new u.s. sanctions against more than 30 individuals and companie .
 tough questions facing attorney general nominee lynch <sec> loretta lynch has been nominated as the next u.s. attorney general .  chuck grassley : justice department must be accountable to the peopl .
 defiant rick perry at courthouse : 'we will prevail ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> texas governor defiant as he arrives at courthouse to be booked on felony charges .  he was indicted over his handling of a political controversy involving a local prosecutor .  perry and his lawyers call the charges outrageous and vow to fight them in court .  perry said he would n't change anything if confronted with the same situatio .
 amputee pilot offers encouragement for journalist , pilot miles o'brien <sec> amputees can be certified to fly solo as pilots .  brian thomas lost his feet and right hand and still flies once a week .  thomas said former cnn anchor miles o'brien could be back piloting `` in no time '' .  o'brien posted on his blog that his left arm was amputated after an acciden .
 cleveland man indicted on 329 counts in captive women case <sec> new : attorneys for three kidnapped women have `` confidence and faith '' in prosecution .  new : indictment lists use of chains , tape , vacuum cord against women .  castro also faces 139 counts of rape , 177 counts of kidnapping , one aggravated murder charge .  a prosecutor 's committee will later consider whether seeking death penalty is appropriat .
 medical dart missing after attempt to euthanize whale <sec> baby humpback was beached near east hampton village , new york .  whale was too debilitated to survive on its own , official says .  medical dart bounced off and washed away ; it could pose threat to swimmer .
 doctor rescued from antarctica in 1999 dies at 57 <sec> nielsen was stationed at south pole in 1999 , diagnosed self with breast cancer .  she treated herself with chemotherapy agents parachuted in by air force .  operation deep freeze sent two planes into antarctic winter to get her .  brother says she fought latest round of cancer for five year .
 guinea 's new president is named <sec> the decision ends a contentious post-election period that was marked with violence ' .  the supreme court in guinea takes two weeks to make its decision .  cellou dalein diallo , the challenger , concedes defea .
 commentary : when joy of pregnancy turns to heartbreak <sec> ann veneman : in america , childbirth ends in joy for a very high number of families .  she says that 's not true around the world , particularly in parts of asia and africa .  veneman : often , deaths occur due to lack of basic medical care and supplies .  she says progress is being made , but more must be done to save live .
 undocumented immigrant students will be eligible for california aid <sec> the funding amounts to 1 % of the overall $ 1.4 billion cal grant program , officials said .  the students will be at the top of their class and on a path to citizenship .  the new law , effective in 2013 , is half of the california dream act .  the other half was approved in july , allowing private scholarships for similar student .
 n.c. judge grants new trial to novelist convicted of murdering wife <sec> new : peterson 's attorney says `` duane deaver was all over that scene for days '' .  new : peterson 's son lauds the judge 's decision , yet his stepsister is more guarded .  in 2003 , a grand jury convicted michael peterson of murdering his wife .  a judge has granted him a new trial , saying an agent had misled jurors in his testimon .
 with gates in the country , china stealth fighter takes first flight <sec> gates says the chinese president said the timing of the test was coincidental .  a china watcher , however , says it coincided with gates ' visit on purpose .  `` a classic exercise in power projection , '' says china military scholar richard fishe .
 'himym ' unveils the mother ! the creators answer your burning questions <sec> producers finally revealed the mother on `` how i met your mother '' .  viewers theorized it would be a big star .  co-creator says they were able to pack some surprises into the sho .
 leaders borussia dortmund denied in eight-goal thriller <sec> borussia dortmund held to 4-4 home draw by vfb stuttgart .  christian gentner scores injury time equalizer for visitors .  leaders dortmund earlier stunned by three stuttgart goals in eight minute .  bayern munich can cut gap to three points with win over nuremberg saturda .
 famed sled dog race gets under way in alaska <sec> 62 teams are competing this year and will travel more than 1,000 miles .  at stake is $ 50,400 and a new truck .  the competition will end in nom .
 have an incompetent boss ? you 're not alone <sec> the peter principle states that people work their way up at work until they no longer do well .  it is difficult to tell a boss or coworker that they are not competent enough for their job .  some believe an incompetent boss might not have received adequate trainin .
 sarah murnaghan , girl who fought for adult lung transplant , heads home <sec> sarah murnaghan has cystic fibrosis ; her condition and her lungs deteriorated rapidly .  her parents fought to change a policy barring those under 12 from getting adult lungs .  the family won in court , as sarah fought for her life ; she had two lung transplants in june .  `` each day , she gets stronger , '' her father say .
 cop , rabbi , scoutmaster among arrests in child porn bust <sec> more than 70 arrests have been made in a child porn bust , a law enforcement official says .  among those arrested are a police officer , scoutmaster and tsa officer .  the nypd officer allegedly used skype to have women pose their children nake .
 hugh jackman ready to be 'drunk and nude ' at the oscars <sec> hugh jackman hosts oscars on sunday night .  australian actor jokes that he 's going to host `` drunk and nude '' .  jackman hopes that fellow aussie heath ledger wins best supporting acto .
 rocky road ahead for gun legislation in the house <sec> there is no sense of urgency in the house about moving a gun control bill .  west virginia republican : the senate proposal `` has got problems '' .  pennsylvania gop sen. pat toomey has been calling gop house members from his state .  new : a bipartisan duo in the house plans to introduce a background check bill next wee .
 n. korea says it 's reprocessing nuclear fuel rods <sec> new : u.s. , partners working to resume talks , clinton says .  north korea begins reprocessing nuclear fuel rods , state media reports .  process will bolster country 's nuclear deterrence , foreign ministry says .  pyongyang angered by u.n. condemnation of rocket launc .
 djokovic makes winning return as federer leaves home for rome <sec> novak djokovic beats radek stepanek at rome masters after nearly a month out with injury .  world no . .  2 takes 97 minutes to win in straight sets .  federer explains decision to leave home for rome .  swiss became father to twin boys last wee .
 new iran sanctions hit banks in china , iraq <sec> u.s. still wants a diplomatic solution to the nuclear issue , obama says .  new sanctions crack down on banks washington says helped iran evade sanctions .  iran insists its nuclear work is strictly peaceful .  obama says iran faces `` growing consequences '' for defying world concern .
 zimbabwe faces new cholera crisis <sec> the cholera crisis has killed 4,000 zimbabweans and could to worsen , the u.n. said .  a new wave of cholera looms as the rainy season approaches , unicef said .  the crisis comes as zimbabwe is struggling with an economic meltdow .
 george washington 's copies of constitution , bill of rights sell for $ 9.8m <sec> volume includes copy of constitution , draft of bill of rights .  washington was given the papers in 1789 .  auctioned book will be displayed at mount verno .
 new polio outbreak hits china <sec> outbreak reported in western xinjiang province , which borders pakistan .  polio a contagious viral illness that can cause paralysis , death .  among the ten cases confirmed , six are in children under three years .  who : virus genetically linked to polio cases circulating in pakista .
 opinion : syrian genocide needs justice <sec> ammar abdulhamid , ken ballen : report appears to show proof of syrian regime torture .  they say the regime 's violence is tantamount to genocide ; al-assad has sown sectarian war .  they say geneva goal must be : end killing , bring guilty to justice , especially in regime .  writers : al-assad should not get immunity ; rebuilding syria society needs accountabilit .
 unmanned spacecraft morpheus aims to help nasa do more with less <sec> ideas for nasa 's unmanned morpheus spacecraft started with a father-son talk .  morpheus spacecraft has technology to land on other planets .  it 's fueled by liquid oxygen and methane , which can be found on other planets .  morpheus also proved that its self-guided landing hazard avoidance system work .
 conan o'brien squabbles with new jersey mayor <sec> conan o'brien has been trading barbs with the mayor of newark , new jersey .  the `` feud '' began after the comic joked the mayor 's health care plan .  mayor cory booker then `` banned '' the `` tonight show '' host from newark airport .  conan : `` it 's your move , mayor booker .
 brazil protests push to impeach president <sec> police say 275,000 demonstrators marched in sao paulo .  many want president dilma rousseff to be impeached .  a corruption scandal has implicated politicians in her part .
 campbell baffled as hodgson omits ferdinand from euro 2012 squad <sec> england coach roy hodgson omits rio ferdinand from euro 2012 squad .  former england defender sol campbell tells cnn he 's baffled by the decision .  john terry , the former england captain , is selected in the 23-man squad .  liverpool 's steven gerrard will captain the side , hodgson reveal .
 iraqis take control of baghdad 's 'green zone ' <sec> u.n. mandate authorizing foreign troop presence expired wednesday .  new bilateral pact covers u.s. presence until 2011 .  u.s. troops to leave iraqi cities by end of jun .
 love and marriage in china <sec> thousands of single men and women gather for 'love and marriage ' expo in shanghai .  huge lists published with details of suitors -- such as age , height and income .  many adults attending event have never had a relationship , parents vet potential partners .  millions of chinese have signed up with internet dating service .
 ebola outbreak : texas nurse tests positive <sec> a `` close contact '' of the nurse is being monitored , says cdc .  the worker helped care for an ebola patient multiple times , cdc director says .  he says there was a breach in protocol and his agency is investigating .  nurse was wearing protective gear when she helped care for thomas eric dunca .
 'great train robber ' ronnie biggs dies , aged 84 <sec> family , friends of ronnie biggs tell his publisher he died early wednesday .  biggs became notorious for his role in a 1963 heist known as the `` great train robbery '' .  after escaping from prison , he went on the run , living as a celebrity fugitive in brazil .  he returned to britain in 2001 , broke and ailing , and spent several more years in priso .
 military officer charged with threatening to blow up washington state capitol <sec> lt. col. robert e. underwood pleads not guilty , cnn affiliate reports .  underwood is charged with three counts of felony harassment .  he and his wife have been going through `` a nasty divorce '' the past two year .
 taliban announce 'cease-fire ' in pakistani valley <sec> taliban spokesman muslim khan announces a 10-day cease-fire in swat valley .  taliban are holding talks with the north west frontier province 's government .  no immediate confirmation of the cease-fire from the pakistani governmen .
 lessons of columbine and other school shootings helped in arapahoe <sec> handling of shooting at arapahoe high school drew important lessons from columbine .  authorities say officers responded within minutes and immediately entered the school .  teachers immediately locked down and moved students to the rear of classroom .
 interpreters : detained americans met with cop , seeking kids ' passage <sec> interpreter : policeman offered to help the americans take the children out of haiti .  ten americans were arrested after trying to take children into dominican republic .  group acknowledged children did not have passports to leave country .  haitian authorities say they 're interviewing police office .
 spurs one win from nba triumph <sec> san antonio spurs beat miami heat 114-104 in game five of the nba finals .  the spurs will be crowned 2013 nba champion if it wins tuesday 's game six .  star guard tony parker scored 26 points , with manu ginobili adding 24 points .  lebron james and dwayne wade each scored 25 points for the hea .
 school expels pakistani boy , 13 , for getting married <sec> boy , 13 , says school expelled him after finding out he was married .  gherat khan challenging decision with peshawar high court .  gherat says new wife can help ailing mother with housework .  principal says school worried gherat would share intimate details with classmate .
 family dog kills brooklyn child , police say <sec> a 4-year-old boy was killed after being mauled by his family 's dog , police say .  jayelin graham was bitten multiple times in the head , neck and torso .  two other small children were in the home but were unharme .
 f1 sponsorship : a sponsor 's view <sec> formula 1 seen as a young and dynamic sponsorship opportunity .  global reach of the sport is seen as an advantage .  corporate hospitality helps johnnie walker get closer to its customer .
 10 secrets of 'the butler ' <sec> director lee daniels wishes his name were n't in the movie 's title .  cuba gooding jr. auditioned for forest whitaker 's role .  oprah winfrey refused to film a scene in her underwear .  'lee daniels ' the butler ' opens august 1 .
 clinton calls intervention in bahrain 'alarming ' <sec> a clampdown is `` no answer '' to demands for reform , clinton says .  `` there is no room for anyone to be pursuing their own agenda in bahrain '' .  troops from saudi arabia and the uae moved into bahrain on monda .
 east german apartment caught in time warp <sec> apartment found by developer in eastern german city of leipzig .  occupant left in a hurry as east german state crumbled in 1989 .  communist-era food brands such as `` vita '' cola , `` marella '' margarine foun .
 supreme court denies dna test to rapist <sec> justices : inmates can not use federal civil rights law to get advanced dna testing .  44 states have laws allowing post-conviction access to such evidence .  william osborne was sentenced 15 years ago for raping an alaska woma .
 what sways teens not to drink , drive ? stories , not stats <sec> cdc : the number of teens who drink and drive has plummeted 54 % in 20 years .  but every month , millions of them still do it -- and the results are often tragic .  madd leaders say it 's parents , peers that resonate with teens , not statistics .  top 10 cnn hero leo mccarthy gives scholarships to students who pledge not to drin .
 war on drugs has failed , report finds <sec> group suggests legalization , access to syringes , new education programs .  increasing law enforcement has not worked , group says .  more than 40,000 people have been killed in mexico 's drug war in the past four year .
 face to face with great whites to solve '450-million-year mystery ' <sec> meet ocearch , a gutsy team of scientists and sailors examining sharks close-up .  researchers haul great whites on board ship as part of investigation into living habits .  attach $ 10,000 worth of equipment to feared creatures , expected to last five year .
 2 killed , 12 injured in mass shooting during funeral in miami <sec> gunfire erupted friday night outside a miami funeral home , police say .  1 person died at the scene and another died later at a local hospital .  the wounded included a 5-year-old girl , who was listed in stable conditio .
 thousands gather to hear , cheer iran 's michelle obama <sec> wife of presidential hopeful mir hossein mousavi generates huge crowds .  never in the history of iranian presidential elections has a wife been in the forefront .  `` this is the first time after the revolution we see a lady behind the president '' .  could draw young voters in iran , where median age is 2 .
 olga korbut : 'the sparrow from minsk ' who changed gymnastics <sec> former soviet gymnast olga korbut helped redefine the sport .  she won three olympics gold medals in 1972 and one in 1976 .  she even has her own maneuver named after her -- the `` korbut flip '' .  korbut is one of 20 olympic greats honored at a new exhibitio .
 south korea 's park ji-sung retires from international football <sec> south korea 's park ji-sung retires from international football .  manchester united midfielder confirms the news at a press conference on monday .  park won 100th international cap at south korea 's semifinal asian cup loss last week .  29-year-old wants to make way for a younger generation of player .
 french copter crash off gabon kills 7 <sec> seven killed , but two french soldiers survive the saturday night crash .  recovery efforts underway for body of one of the seven soldiers still missing .  divers inspecting helicopter , which was in water 35 meters ( about 115 feet ) dee .
 hell 's angels motorcycle club member facing charges in deadly casino brawl <sec> a member of the hell 's angels motorcycle club is in custody .  police appeal to the public for information , videos of the melee .  the president of the san jose hell 's angels chapter was kille .
 family counts down to 'aimee day ' for woman fighting flesh-eating bacteria <sec> aimee copeland , 24 , was infected with aeromonas hydrophila on may 1 .  she 's since lost a leg and part of her abdomen and may lose her fingers .  her father says he was told she may not survive , but she has improved .  he 's awaiting `` aimee day , '' when she 'll be able to speak and breathe agai .
 missouri lawmakers fail to override governor 's gun bill veto <sec> new : missouri senate 's vote falls one short of the two thirds majority needed .  missouri 's house voted to override the governor 's veto .  st. louis police chief is against the bill .  author of the bill says it protects second amendmen .
 hawaii official who confirmed obama birth certificate dies in crash <sec> loretta fuddy died wednesday night in a crash about a mile off kalaupapa , molokai .  eight others aboard the small plane survived .  fuddy was director of the hawaii 's health department .  in 2011 , she confirmed obama 's birth certificate to put to rest questions about his nationalit .
 davydenko opens qatar title defense in fine style <sec> nikolay davydenko beats fabio fognini 6-1 6-4 to begin qatar open title defense .  third seed jo-wilfried tsonga sees off ruben ramirez hidalgo in his opener .  rafael nadal and roger federer star attractions at $ 1.024 million tournament .  champion marin cilic knocked out of the chennai open in the first roun .
 china considers end to mandatory animal testing on cosmetics <sec> china considers allowing sale of some cosmetics without requiring them to be tested on animals . .  the proposal covers products made in china , but not imported products .  campaign group said change came quicker than expected .  but does not expect wholesale end to animal testing of cosmetics in chin .
 english premier league : chelsea beat everton to maintain 100 % record <sec> chelsea maintain 100 % start to new english premier league season .  diego costa scores twice as everton are beaten 6-3 at goodison park .  manchester city suffer shock defeat against stoke .  manchester united play out goalless draw at newly-promoted burnle .
 obama gets personal on racial tensions <sec> president barack obama promised , `` i am going to stay on this , '' regarding race relations during a bet interview on monday .  obama said supports peaceful protesting in the wake of two recent grand jury decisions .  video evidence has helped the broader public understand the concerns african-americans have with law enforcement , he sai .
 volcano erupts in congo <sec> lava flowing down southern flank of mount nyamuragira , park rangers report .  nyamuragira is in virunga national park .  park 's mountain gorillas not in danger , but lava threaten chimp habita .
