 police probe unc student 's killing <sec> faith hedgepeth was found dead friday in her off-campus apartment .  chapel hill police call her death an `` obvious homicide '' .  authorities do n't believe other students are in danger , university say .
 man pleads not guilty in honeymoon murder trial <sec> shrien dewani is accused of masterminding the slaying of his wife in cape town .  he has denied the allegations , saying they were the victim of a carjacking .  a taxi driver and two other men have been convicted of the 2010 slaying .  the driver says dewani paid him to carry out the killing and cover it u .
 egyptians await obama , saying , 'it ca n't all be rainbows and roses ' <sec> president obama is heading to egypt to make address to muslim world .  obama is the most popular u.s. president in years for egyptians .  but the region has a long history of disappointment in the united state .
 eric hobsbawm : why historian 's loyalty to marxism never wavered <sec> historian eric hobsbawm stayed loyal to marxism until his death at 95 .  timothy snyder says hobsbawm 's beliefs formed as a jew living in 1930s .  snyder : hobsbawm defended soviet state that no longer exists , and other dead ideas .  wrong as was , snyder writes , it did embody certain virtues that are valid toda .
 'food stamp president ' : gingrich 's poetry of hate <sec> walter mosley : gingrich called obama the `` food stamp president , '' knowing its impact .  a political poet like gingrich , he says , chooses each word for its punch and meaning .  mosley : in 3 words , he 's sown fear in working people , evoked racism , stigmatized poverty .  mosley says we ca n't allow our emotions to be ignited by hidden messages of hat .
 in viral video , children ask mexican presidential candidates tough questions <sec> a video featuring child actors has gone viral in mexico .  it shows children facing the challenges the country faces .  the video asks mexican presidential candidates for real change .  some of the candidates have seen the vide .
 put e-gifts in virtual stockings this holiday <sec> amazon , apple and barnes & noble let customers give e-goods as gifts .  google and spotify do not offer gifting features in the u.s . .  about a quarter of holiday shoppers plan to buy virtual gifts this year , a report say .
 on business traveller in march ... <sec> survivor of the hudson river crash tells cnn 's business traveller of his ordeal .  what do you do when things go wrong ? .  we join british airways ' safety course .  cnn 's mallika kapur reports from mumbai on lessons learned at the oberoi .  inside the world 's most secure hotel room and one designer 's bullet proof sui .
 a computerized beer machine takes the legwork out of home-brewing <sec> a kickstarter campaign seeks to automate the small-scale beer creation process .  the picobrew zymatic automates some steps of beermaking , but it 's not cheap .  the machine can import recipes and scale them to the picobrew 's setu .
 3 u.s. students expect to be freed in egypt ; u.s. filmmaker also in custody <sec> prosecutors gave to police a `` release order '' for 3 detained students , a spokesman says .  u.s. diplomats are talking with egypt authorities about the filmmaker , a spokesman says .  the students are not irresponsible , drunken college students , a friend insists .  the three college students were accused of throwing molotov cocktails during a protes .
 review : 'district 9 ' a brash , inventive debut <sec> `` district 9 '' is a winning debut , says cnn.com 's tom charity .  film is about extraterrestrials who emerge over johannesburg .  eventually , they 're to be moved to a camp , and then the action start .
 sebastian vettel urges caution despite dominating monza practice <sec> red bull 's sebastian vettel leads practice ahead of the italian grand prix .  the triple world champion leads ferrari 's fernando alonso by 46 points .  vettel 's teammate mark webber was second fastest , with alonso fifth .  mercedes ' lewis hamilton says his car is not quick enoug .
 single torn page sells for $ 68,000 at auction <sec> single double-sided page believed to be from the quran sells for $ 68,000 .  page was in an old frame , and came from a deceased estate in melbourne .  pre-auction estimate was $ 37 to $ 55 before the sale in sydney on saturda .
 freed pussy riot rockers say they will continue to rock russian system <sec> food in prison was rancid and punishment was collective and hazing .  punk rockers maria alyokhina and nadezhda tolokonnikova were released monday .  they had been in prison for what vladimir putin 's government labeled hooliganism .  they say they will stay in russia and fight for change in the prison syste .
 pope promises accountability in sex abuse scandal <sec> `` let 's not mistake this meeting today for real action , '' victim 's group head says .  pope meets with victims , says leaders will be `` held accountable '' .  francis has called for `` zero tolerance '' of sexual abuse by clerics .  the victims were moved by meeting with francis , spokesman say .
 hey kids , you now have to bury your parents ' phone to hide a bad grade <sec> 26-year-old boniface githinji is the founder of kenyan startup sematime .  it 's an sms service provider for schools and small and medium businesses .  clients can send report cards , bills and invoices to large groups through text message .
 woman dies from mad cow disease in spain <sec> spain 's ministry of health reports fifth death from mad cow disease .  woman 's death in january is spain 's fifth case since 2005 .  ministry says there 's no danger from eating meat in spai .
 brazil senate passes amazon deforestation code <sec> supporters say the legislation is realistic .  opponents say it will encourage developers to illegally cut down the amazon forest .  the code could be a challenge for president dilma roussef .
 israel charges 3 palestinians in alleged plot to kill foreign minister <sec> foreign minister avigdor lieberman has a west bank home .  three men intended to fire rocket-propelled grenades at his car convoy , police allege .  israeli leaders are legitimate targets , a hamas spokesman say .
 massive turnover changing face of the senate <sec> with departures of long-serving members , a new senate is emerging .  first japanese-american woman and first openly gay woman joined senate this year .  record number of women now serve and growing number of senators have young children .  aggressive conservatives are shaking up makeup of republican side of the aisl .
 sarkozy , rudd visit afghanistan <sec> french and australian leaders arrive in afghanistan .  both leaders expected to meet with afghan president hamid karzai .  both will visit with their respective country 's troop .
 flt . qz8501 : weather report not picked up in person <sec> two officials at surabaya 's airport reassigned , pending investigation .  records show there were fresh batteries in at least one locator beacon .  airasia 's crew got the weather report electronically , not in perso .
 dozens dead in bangkok new year nightclub blaze <sec> thai police say that 59 died in nightclub fire , another 226 injured .  fireworks were used as part of a performance , authorities say .  most of those who died suffered smoke inhalation or were trampled , authorities say .  club is located in one of bangkok 's busiest commercial district .
 blast near india 's taj mahal injures 3 <sec> new : police say it was a crude device .  new : the three injured were in the hospital 's reception area .  agra is home to the famed taj mahal , india 's most popular tourist spot .  no motive has been determined ye .
 genevieve nnaji : nollywood 's julia roberts <sec> nigerian actress genevieve nnaji is one of africa 's most recognizable faces .  she 's been called the julia roberts of africa .  the nollywood star says nigeria is `` just like another new york '' .  nnaji says she would n't live anywhere but lago .
 rangers risk their lives to save african forest elephant <sec> rangers in cameroon are working to save forest elephants from the edge of extinction .  the conservationists are tasked with protecting wildlife in lobeke national park .  the biggest threat comes from poachers wanting elephant tusks .  high demand from asia has created a highly lucrative poaching marke .
 sri lankan president says civil war in 'final phase ' <sec> sri lanka president says end of current military push less than 48 hours away .  u.n. estimates more than 50,000 civilians trapped in area under siege .  red cross : `` staff are witnessing an unimaginable humanitarian catastrophe '' .  tamil tigers have fought for an independent state in sri lanka since 198 .
 lady gaga , perez hilton feud on twitter <sec> lady gaga accuses the blogger of stalking her after he house-hunts at her nyc building .  hilton says he learned later that her building was among those he looked at sunday .  the former friends have not said why they had a falling ou .
 blinken confirmed by senate as kerry 's deputy at state <sec> tony blinken served in the obama-biden transitional team in 2009 .  he was also a senior fellow at the center for strategic and international studies .  mccain , rubio opposed nomination for different reason .
 'defector girl boxer ' fights for south korea <sec> north korean boxer choi hyun mi is now a world champion .  she fights for south korea after defecting with her family in 2004 .  she recalls rivals ' desperation to win for extra food and money .  failure could mean being ridiculed in front of a crow .
 school brass facing prison time for luncheon prayer <sec> attorneys : it 's troubling that officials are being prosecuted for `` simple prayer '' .  school 's principal , athletic director could be jailed for six months .  aclu says it supports prayer ban but never suggested officials should be jailed .  principal acknowledges requesting prayer but did n't mean to circumvent court orde .
 molding the next generation of computer scientists <sec> the teals program seeks to develop more computer-science students in the u.s . .  the united states has a shortage of qualified computer engineers .  despite tech 's growing role in society , few high schools offer computer-science classes .  teals now has over 100 volunteers covering 35 schools in seven state .
 somali group with al qaeda ties threatens israel <sec> al-shabab accuses israel of `` starting to destroy '' the al aqsa mosque .  `` we are committed to defend our palestinian brothers , '' al-shabab commander says .  it is not clear whether al-shabab has the capacity to carry out its threats against israel .  somalia has been mired in chaos since 1991 , when warlords overthrew its dictato .
 the sweep : the risk of democracy in the middle east <sec> nobody is sure who will fill hosni mubarak 's place when he steps down as egypt 's president .  the effects will be felt in the middle east and in the united states .  follow them on twitter @ eliselabottcnn and @ joshlevscn .
 man armed with ak-47 arrested on missouri college campus <sec> missouri police chief says cody wilcoxson got in a shootout with police .  the suspect later went onto a college campus with his ak-47 , the chief says .  there he was arrested without more shots being fired ; no one was injure .
 to inspire others , it 's how you do it that counts <sec> in the interconnected modern world , our behavior matters more than ever , argues dov seidman .  he says leaders must have a two-way conversation with colleagues and customers .  `` behavior has become a powerful source of excellence and competitive advantage , '' he say .
 second-term obama will play defense <sec> julian zelizer : obama 's cabinet appointments suggest he 's preparing to battle .  he says the president picked tough , wily veterans of washington .  zelizer : kerry , hagel , brennan , lew are committed to obama 's policies .  he says hopes for bipartisanship are gone ; now it 's partisan warfar .
 5 examples of humans being amazing <sec> cop buys suspected shoplifter 's groceries .  woman carries gravely injured dog down mountain .  waiter discovers community of support after being reproached .  got a good story to share ? .  send it to cnn irepor .
 reach for the sky : could flying wind farms help beat global warming ? <sec> u.s. company develops `` flying '' wind turbine .  wind energy far greater at high altitude .  feg ( flying electric generator ) would hover at 15,000 feet .  massive air-born wind farms envisage .
 witness : 'everybody was lying ' after michael jackson died <sec> `` i can see michael 's heart beat through the skin in his chest , '' stylist says .  `` get him a bucket of chicken , '' manager says .  `` it was such a cold response , it broke my heart , '' makeup artist says .  wife debbie rowe `` was obviously in love with michael , '' witness say .
 port-au-prince showing more signs of life <sec> a 40-vehicle convoy loaded with supplies heads into western port-au-prince .  sidewalks crowded with street vendors , kiosks ; small food stores open .  streets choked with tap-taps , which are pickups converted into passenger minibuses .  local law enforcement authorities have seemed to take an increased postur .
 warning : men 's natural sex supplements may not be <sec> men may think natural supplements are gentler alternatives to prescription drugs .  a recent report found that many supplements are adulterated with those drugs .  viagra is now being sold online in an effort to curb counterfeitin .
 massive , 65-ton dreadnoughtus dinosaur unveiled <sec> dreadnoughtus schrani , a dinosaur species , was recently discovered in patagonia .  experts estimate the specimen was 85 feet long ( with a 30-foot tail ) , weighed 65 tons .  paleontologist : this is the `` best example we have of any of the most giant creatures .
 border police , customs officials detained in smuggling raids <sec> authorities say 100 border police and customs officials are detained in tuesday raids .  they 're accused of being part of a network that smuggled cigarettes into romania .  officials seized 500,000 euros worth of cigarettes in the raid .
 opinion : ukrainian -- and proud <sec> catherine tymkiw is a proud ukrainian-american , raised in traditions of parents ' homeland .  father fled soviet oppression with family , settled in midwest , instilled in her ukrainian pride .  it 's hard for her to see violence in kiev , where protesters fear growing russian influence .  tymkiw , who visited ukraine after independence , says nation today just wants to be fre .
 $ 30b luggage fortune : bernard arnault explains success of louis vuitton <sec> louis vuitton started as a trunk maker for the french elite , including empress eugenie , wife of napoleon iii .  the company has always had a spirit of adventure at its core .  today , it is one of the most valuable luxury brands in the worl .
 'watchmen ' finally ticks toward big-screen release <sec> comic-book movie , directed by zack snyder , took two decades to reach cinemas .  directors terry gilliam , darren aronofsky , paul greengrass , previously attached .  source material regarded by many as the best comic-book ever written .  co-creator alan moore has objected to the idea of story being made into movi .
 surfer missing after wiping out on 20-foot oahu wave <sec> 32-year-old surfer had many years ' experience riding big waves , business partner says .  witness surmises that kirk passmore burst eardrum in the wipeout and lost orientation .  a coast guard cutter and helicopter searched for passmore wednesda .
 clinton outpaces obama in fundraising for third quarter <sec> sen. hillary clinton raises $ 27 million in the third quarter .  fred thompson raises $ 8 million-plus in last three months , source says .  john edwards ' campaign says ex-senator brings in $ 7 million in third quarter .  gov . .  bill richardson 's campaign says he will raise $ 5.2 million in third quarte .
 kiwis have edge in sydney-hobart race <sec> new zealand maxi alfa romeo extends lead in sydney-hobart yacht race on sunday .  skipper neville crichton takes advantage of a break in light weather conditions in morning .  second-placed icap leopard and wild oats xi fail to catch breeze in 628 nautical mile event .  australian record-holder wild oats bidding for fifth straight line honors victor .
 michael jackson song from 1983 released ; first single from 'new ' album <sec> jackson wrote , recorded `` love never felt so good '' with paul anka in 1983 .  the release has `` a magic combination of the new and the original production , '' label says .  old jackson song is `` right at home with the disco-soul inflected music of today , '' epic says .  epic has a deal with jackson 's estate to mine his archives for new album .
 surviving beatles , widows come together <sec> paul mccartney , ringo starr say their music sounds better .  the former beatles talk to cnn 's larry king .  widows of john lennon and george harrison also appeared .  harrison , ono say their husbands still have strong presenc .
 documents : alleged criminals claimed ford tried to buy damaging video <sec> toronto 's mayor has been dogged by drug allegations , has lost much of his power .  new court docs say that he had interactions with targets of a probe into organized crime .  one target said ford had made an offer `` in exchange for a video , '' according to police .  a man claimed `` ford was smoking rocks , '' police say of an intercepted phone cal .
 the biggest telescope on earth reveals the universe 's farthest reaches <sec> low frequency radio array telescope , or lofar , is the largest telescope on earth .  lofar allows researchers to receive radio messages from the farthest reaches of the universe .  telescope 's superior resolution opens up broader range of astrophysical stud .
 jonas gutierrez battling testicular cancer <sec> jonas gutierrez has been diagnosed with testicular cancer .  former argentina midfielder had left testicle removed in operation .  the 31-year-old played at the 2010 world cup .  played in england with newcastle and norwic .
 opinion : obama 's nuke deal wo n't make us safe <sec> president obama will seek cuts with russia of up to one-third of nuclear weapons .  writers : no such thing as `` acceptable '' level ; even lesser amount could obliterate humanity .  writers : 300 warheads would kill 100 million ; the rest would die from starvation , poisoning .  we can not maintain nuclear arsenals indefinitely and still avoid a nuclear war , they sa .
 in arizona , a solemn 100-mile procession for fallen firefighters <sec> new : bodies of granite mountain hotshots return home sunday after 100-mile procession .  people nationwide travel to arizona for procession honoring elite wildfire-fighting crew .  `` these men are heroes . .  they 've earned the respect of everyone in this line , '' onlooker say .
 hinckley 's sister testifies in support of allowing him expanded outpatient time <sec> new : hospital staff makes release recommendations .  john hinckley 's sister says she supports letting him eventually live in williamsburg .  she says he feels comfortable there and is accepted by many community members .  hinckley has been hospitalized since he shot president reagan in 198 .
 woman who saved family from ebola coming to u.s . <sec> fatu kekula , 22 , nursed four family members infected with ebola .  she protected herself using trash bags , rubber boots , gloves and a mask .  her protection method is being taught to others in west afric .
 e3 2014 : top 9 games to watch at the electronic entertainment expo <sec> games are the focus at a console-free e3 expo .  `` destiny , '' from the makers of `` halo , '' tops the list .  `` assassins creed '' and `` littlebigplanet '' are back .  nintendo teases `` splattoon '' and `` super smash bros . .
 yemen is experiencing two revolutions , says female activist <sec> afrah nasser is a yemeni journalist and blogger currently living in sweden .  she says she is astonished by the role of women in yemen 's anti-government protests .  nasser hopes the uprising will lead to greater gender equalit .
 maldini ends san siro career with defeat <sec> paolo maldini plays his final match at the san siro as milan lose 3-2 to roma .  one-club legened maldini made his ac milan debut as a 16-year-old in 1985 .  juventus claim first victory in eight games while champions inter milan beaten .  lecce and reggina relegated to serie b , with another place still to be decide .
 travelers ' guide to frosty london <sec> london buses , trains , airports operating after heaviest snowfall in 18 years .  cnn 's business traveller offers advice for business travellers in london .  indulge in a traditional pie and mash , stay dry by playing indoor golf , shopping .  if you 're planning on using the underground system , buy an oyster car .
 saudi arabia to build world 's tallest building 1-kilometer tower <sec> saudi arabia is set to start on kingdom tower , slated to be the world 's tallest building .  the kingdom tower will reach 3,280 feet , have 200 floors and cost $ 1.2 billion .  it would require 5.7 million square feet of concrete and 80,000 tons of steel .  the foundations would be 200 feet ( 60 meters ) dee .
