 inventions inspired by trauma and tragedy <sec> inventors often inspired to break new ground in the wake of trauma and tragedy .  italian vitale bramini made world 's first rubber-soled shoes following death of climbers .  british inventor inspired to help millions affected by hiv/aids in africa with wind-up radio .  death of golfer payne stewart led nasa scientist to invent cabin pressure monito .
 inspired berdych dumps federer out of wimbledon <sec> tomas berdych knocks top seed roger federer out of wimbledon in the quarterfinals .  czech 12th seed beats six-time champion federer 6-4 3-6 6-1 6-4 .  he next faces novak djokovic in semis after serbian no . .  3 beat yen-hsun lu .  world no . .  1 rafael nadal through to last four after beating sixth seed robin soderlin .
 # nigeria2015 : the quiet before the perfect storm <sec> elections in nigeria have been delayed for six weeks .  the postponement is due to security concerns , the election commission sai .
 house gop seeks cover with slimmer border bill <sec> house republicans hope to vote on scaled-down bill before they leave town for recess .  `` i 'm not going home -- i do n't have enough guns to protect myself , '' republican tells cnn .  scaled-down funding , change to 2008 law are non-starters in the senat .
 bikinis and skimpy clothing targeted in gulf cover-up campaigns <sec> social media and poster campaign in qatar urges expats to wear modest attire in public .  brochures distributed by `` reflect your respect '' says everything from shoulders to knees should be covered .  shorts for men are seen as fine , but women must avoid skirts , the campaign says .  in kuwait , lawmakers have reportedly set their sights on outlawing the bikin .
 obama : 'too many americans feel deep unfairness ' <sec> president barack obama spoke at the white house 's college opportunity day of action .  referencing national protests , the president said many do n't believe the justice system is fai .
 new york man arrested in death of missing college student <sec> new : a suspect is arraigned in local court .  college plans sunday evening prayer service .  remains of woman found in wooded area near syracuse , new york .  jenni-lyn watson , 20 , was home on thanksgiving brea .
 obama selfie : danes surprised by global attention <sec> danish pm makes headlines after snapping selfie at mandela memorial .  many danes seem not to have taken the whole thing as seriously as other media .  some danes are bemused by the global reaction to the selfie .  it shows human side to our leaders , danes sa .
 opinion : worst shutdown in modern u.s. history <sec> writers : never in modern u.s. history has a political minority tried to undo a law with such radicalism .  writers : aca won approval of congress , supreme court and president who won reelection .  they say aca was devised by conservatives and tested by romney , and is not radical .  writers : gop highjacked by minority who justify extremism with high-minded rhetori .
 peanut butter makers try to spread word products are safe <sec> makers of peter pan and jif distance firms from salmonella contamination .  companies assure public they do n't use products from suspect plant .  retail peanut butter sales have dropped 20 percent since salmonella outbrea .
 senator warns of terrorist threat to oil rigs <sec> senator webb of virginia warns of terror threat to offshore oil rigs .  webb asks federal agencies to report on security measures .  webb says rigs must be protected , much like nuclear reactor .
 law could force mississippi 's only abortion clinic to close <sec> state law that goes into effect sunday could close mississippi 's only abortion clinic .  law requires those who perform abortions to have privileges at a local hospital .  owner of state 's sole abortion clinic says law is meant to ban abortion .  sponsor of bill says purpose is to protect women 's healt .
 are schools making kids sick ? <sec> woman says school air sickened her son for 53 days last school year .  new york study finds correlation between building maintenance and illness .  studies estimate one-third of u.s. schools have mold , dust and other indoor air problems .  connecticut school so plagued with mold officials decided to tear it dow .
 eight good reasons to be cheerful <sec> columnist shares a few excellent reasons to venture out in the world .  reason one : you survived junior high , `` beowulf , '' feathering your bangs .  reason three : friend invented bacon ice cream .  reason seven : don draper is mesmerizing every week on `` mad men .
 new york man accused of dismembering boy found competent for trial <sec> levi aron has been accused of drugging , smothering and dismembering brooklyn boy .  aron has pleaded not guilty to charges in 8-year-old 's death .  suspect has been found mentally competent to stand trial , attorneys say .  suspect and victim are members of a close-knit orthodox jewish community in brookly .
 prosecutor : drop case against bush officials <sec> spanish prosecutors to recommend dropping case against ex-bush officials .  attorney general to say guantanamo allegations should be probed in u.s . .  attorney general says case motivated by political action .  final decision on whether to drop or pursue case rests with investigating judg .
 america 's 10 highest rated ceos <sec> glassdoor has released its latest list with ceo approval ratings .  linkedin boss jeff weiner has been named the highest-rated bos .
 reports : next iphone might read your fingerprints <sec> future iphones and ipads might have biometric scanners that read fingerprints .  fingerprint verification could add an extra layer of security .  clues were found in a beta version of ios 7 released to apple developer .
 pew report : latinos divided over illegal immigrants , other issues <sec> the divisions come from the national political row over illegal immigration , pew says .  latinos also feel heightened concerns over discrimination based on immigration status .  but latinos also share areas of broad agreement , such as their opposition to sb 1070 .  the survey of 1,375 latinos was conducted in august and septembe .
 in zeal to defeat isis , do n't forget iran , netanyahu tells u.n . <sec> world must contain iran and hamas , israeli prime minister tells united nations .  isis and hamas `` are branches of the same poisonous tree , '' benjamin netanyahu says .  netanyahu also compares militant islamists to the nazis .  plo official calls netanyahu 's speech a `` blatant manipulation of the facts .
 balloon family was featured on 'wife swap ' <sec> the heene family of fort collins , colorado , appeared on `` wife swap '' twice .  one episode had mother trading places with wife of child-proofing business owner .  that mother reportedly `` shocked '' by the heene kids ' behavior .  heene family chases storms togethe .
 navy pilot presumed dead after crash in lake pontchartrain <sec> search efforts turned into a recovery operation monday after t-34 crashed saturday night .  missing pilot identified as lt. clinton wermers , 33 , of mitchell , south dakota .  the t-34 is a single-engine , single-prop plane used for primary training for student pilots .  second unidentified man , a flight student , survived the cras .
 vice guide to travel : mecca diaries <sec> three million people take part in the world 's largest annual pilgrimage in saudi arabia .  vice founder suroosh alvi went with his family in 2008 and shot footage .  alvi : experience was `` beyond what i could have ever imagined .
 commentary : why not prohibit smoking ? <sec> tony newman : cigarettes kill 400,000 americans a year .  he says the toll is heavier than for drugs like marijuana that are illegal .  he says anti-smoking campaigns are effective without prohibiting tobacco .  newman : war on drugs causes additional death and sufferin .
 hiv in the south : not close to zero <sec> nearly 50 % of all aids cases annually are reported from southern states .  right now , a single pill once a day can control the virus .  96 % reduction in transmission when infected partner is on antiretroviral therap .
 internet service restored to syria <sec> internet access in syria was restored wednesday after a widespread outage .  the syrian government had vowed to repair the problem .  u.s. official : syria has shut down its internet in the past .  technology has become a key weapon used by both sides of syria 's civil wa .
 new intel chip runs on solar power <sec> chip with codename `` claremont '' is known as a near-threshold voltage processor .  in demonstration , pc powered by a solar cell the size of a postage stamp .  chip switches into ntv mode , under 10 mw , when its workload is ligh .
 wildfires blaze in 12 states , forcing evacuations , killing 2 <sec> acreage burned this year is three times the 10-year average , u.s. agency says .  a fast-moving texas wildfire forces the evacuation of 1,800 homes and businesses .  two firefighters die in a wildfire in florida .  nationally , more than 10,000 firefighters are battling wildfire .
 after freeing prisoners , cuba presses for u.s. to reciprocate <sec> cuba has freed 21 of 52 political prisoners from jail .  cuban officials are pressuring the united states to free five cuban agents .  the five agents have been held in the united states since 1998 .  there are no indications that a swap will take plac .
 sochi : davis and white skate to historic gold <sec> davis and white set a world record as they claim a first u.s. gold in ice dance .  russia win bobsleigh gold , as belarus celebrates double gold .  germany 's ski jumpers fly to success in the team event .  canada and u.s. to meet in women 's ice hockey final for 4th time in 5 year .
 athlete 's gruesome death barely shocks crime-hardened brazil <sec> the horrible killing of a footballer was n't even on the front page of newspapers .  crime and violence are chronic problems in brazil .  police are investigating the killin .
 skateboarder 's death underscores insect allergy risks <sec> at least 40 people in the u.s. die each year as the result of insect stings .  insect allergies may be harder to control than food allergies .  if you are allergic to insects , carry antihistamine and an epinephrine auto-injector .  in rare cases , even mosquito bites can lead to anaphylaxi .
 soccer fans trash greece 's olympic stadium <sec> new : the match was stopped when fans started throwing molotov cocktails .  fans of one of the teams tore up seats and stormed police lines , authorities say .  clashes had started before the match , and broke out again at half time .  the stadium is where olympic track and field events were held in 200 .
 scanners help economy by warding off fear of flying <sec> authors : u.s. economy lost $ 85 billion after 9/11 because americans chose not to fly .  berman , heger : fears of air travel are exaggerated , giving terrorists leverage .  extra security justified if only to allay fears , get americans in the air again , they write .  authors : obama did n't lash out at al qaeda , as some wanted , but made a good economic mov .
 new head of syrian opposition briefs european foreign ministers <sec> `` those responsible will be held accountable '' for use of chemical weapons , eu says .  at least 142 people are killed monday across syria , the opposition says .  syria accuses the united states of setting it up to be framed on chemical weapon .
 7 other chemicals in your food <sec> subway is removing azodicarbonamide from its bread ; other chemicals remain .  there are seven color additives approved by the fda for use in foods .  propyl gallate , bha and bht are used to preserve oily products such as mayonnaise .  silicon dioxide is used in coffee creamer , dried soups and insect repellen .
 mammogram technology may be doing more harm than good <sec> the study analyzed 1.6 million mammograms taken at 90 radiology facilities .  the new evidence suggests radiologists should use more discretion in interpreting results .  it 's still unclear from the new study whether individual radiologists used cad correctl .
 acclaimed author studs terkel dies at 96 <sec> terkel won pulitzer prize in 1985 for book about world war ii , `` the good war '' .  son : `` my dad led a long , full , eventful -- sometimes tempestuous -- satisfying life '' .  terkel once said death `` makes the value of life all the more precious '' .  author believed elderly , those `` who 've borne witness '' to life are best storyteller .
 what are your election predictions ? <sec> cnn contributors tweeted their predictions on who will win on tuesday .  hilary rosen predicts president obama will be re-elected with 276 electoral votes .  ari fleischer thinks mitt romney will win with a minimum of 271 electoral votes .  readers : who do you think will win ? .  offer us your predictions on @ cnnopinio .
 opinion : what if trayvon martin and george zimmerman were white ? <sec> al vivian asks , what if trayvon martin and george zimmerman were both white ? .  vivian : the uncomfortable truth is that most people would see the case very differently .  he says we all have unconscious biases that impact the decisions we make .  vivian : when will we reach a day when we do n't have to refer to crimes in racial terms .
 thousands flock to london 's open house festival <sec> london open house weekend offers chance to visit buildings and spaces otherwise closed to the public .  both private and public buildings open their doors in the annual event which attracts thousands of people .  private homes with novel selling points or redesigns prove equally popular as famous london landmark .
 part of interior ministry compound torched in cairo <sec> egyptian military officer demands cnn delete footage .  witnesses say the blaze was started by protesters with labor disputes .  the interior minister says he will investigate complaints .  the move comes after authorities froze the assets of former president hosni mubara .
 anyone can play this game <sec> bob greene says the u.s. open has a special quality among top sports events .  he says amateurs are able to qualify to play alongside the elite of golf .  greene says a 17-year-old polio survivor from his hometown broke into the game at the open .  jack nicklaus went on to have a legendary career , greene say .
 tsa maintains high security at airports <sec> tsa will review and update measures `` to keep the traveling public safe , '' agency says .  security directive requires airlines physically pat down all passengers boarding planes to u.s . .  it also gives airlines discretion to prevent people from secretly assembling or igniting bomb .
 dell turns netbooks into navigation devices <sec> dell will introduce a gps and wi-fi card that can be added to its netbooks .  the company 's netbooks will be able to offer turn-by-turn directions .  makers are looking beyond traditional gps gadgets to offer software on other devices .  users will be able to geo-tag photos on flickr or check customized weather inf .
 syrian government , opposition seek probe of chemical weapons claims <sec> new : the security council asks ban ki-moon for a `` swift , thorough and impartial '' investigation .  u.n. security council calls for investigation to `` shed light '' on chemical weapons claims .  `` we have no evidence '' to prove chemical weapons use , u.s. ambassador to syria says .  medical evidence and satellite imagery are a focus of chemical weapons inquiry , sources sa .
 source : elevator breach was 'final straw ' for pierson - cnnpolitics.com <sec> source : concern had been growing about secret service director after east room breach .  but `` last straw '' was not telling obama , for more than 2 weeks , about man with gun at cdc .  dhs secretary jeh johnson accepted julia pierson 's resignation on wednesda .
 new tax changes for self-employed <sec> use irs.gov to avoid mistakes , says top tax expert at advocacy group for self-employed .  how to save tax money right now ? .  consider retirement contributions .  look for deductions that do n't appear in your business checkbook .  automobile mileage : the new deduction rate is 55 cents/mil .
 why the west is losing out to the rest <sec> niall ferguson : for 500 years , the west had enormous economic advantage .  he says the work ethic , modern medicine , consumerism helped power the west .  in recent decades , rest of world has caught up and adopted these concepts , he says .  ferguson : the fact that europe is seeking bailout help from china says it al .
 tiger woods to be cited for suv crash outside his home <sec> new : tiger woods faces $ 164 fine , four points on his license , florida highway patrol says .  new : no criminal charges for pro golfer ; no evidence of abuse , spokeswoman says .  woods skipping golf tournament this week , blames injuries from car crash .  woods hit a fire hydrant near his home in his suv early friday , police sa .
 russia , china veto u.n. sanctions on zimbabwe <sec> china , russia veto resolution that would have meant sanctions for mugabe regime .  united states pushed for measure after mugabe refused to postpone runoff elections .  sanctions would have meant travel bans , frozen assets for mugabe and others .  proposed sanctions also would have imposed an international arms embarg .
 who are the credit ratings agencies ? <sec> greece 's debt rating lowered to junk status , portugal and spain also drops .  decision by standard & poor 's sparks an investor sell-off .  critics say the eurozone economies are n't acting fast enough to avert crisi .
 texas authorities : woman sets snake afire , winds up with burning house <sec> fire crews respond to 911 call wednesday evening .  they find texas homes on fire .  blaze apparently results from snake set afir .
 lobbyist drops suit against new york times over mccain story <sec> lawsuit was settled without change to story or payment .  new york times wrote article suggesting vicki iseman had affair with john mccain .  a times ' explanation about story will appear in a note to readers february 20 .  mccain , advisers said article , unnamed sources showed times was biase .
 palestinians and israel exchange new round of strikes <sec> new : netanyahu says no country would put up with rocket attacks on its citizens .  the rocket attacks and counterstrike come amid heightened violence in the past week .  four palestinian militants were killed tuesday evening .  israel says mortars and rockets have been fired from gaza into southern israe .
 obama , congressional leaders to discuss impending fiscal cliff <sec> new : mcconnell 's spokesman says obama should give details of his proposal .  boehner , reid , pelosi and mcconnell will meet at the white house on friday .  the senate returns to work ; the house will be back in session sunday .  without a deal , taxes go up and spending gets slashed in the new yea .
 elana meyers taylor breaks bobsled gender barrier <sec> four-man bobsled racing now open to female pilots for the first time .  olympic silver medalist elana meyers taylor hopes to make the us world cup team .  meyers taylor raced in us selection trials alongside her husband , nic taylor .  couple must now find $ 10,000 to keep four-man racing dream aliv .
 spanish footballers find work in hong kong <sec> football players from hard-hit spain are finding new careers in hong kong .  player : `` i 've come to hong kong because opportunities in my country are n't very promising '' .  spanish players and coaches brought in to develop the former british colony 's talent .  hong kong football is ranked is ranked 154th in the world and 25th in the regio .
 giving money to the homeless might actually work <sec> of the 13 homeless people who agreed to take part , 11 are now off the streets .  the 13 are exhibiting an enhanced ability to function independently in society .  the pilot is being expanded this month to become a central part of broadway 's outreach effort .
 following in jane austen 's footsteps : discover novelist 's england <sec> jane austen is one of the english language 's best-known and most-loved writers .  her most popular book , `` pride and prejudice '' is celebrating its 200th anniversary in 2013 .  join the festivities by taking a tour of some of the key locations in her life and works .  share your memories and suggestions for further trips in the comments belo .
 check out your future check-in <sec> airports are likely to see bigger security and commercial areas in future .  foster and partners is building a spaceport in new mexico for virgin galactic .  the middle east and far east are creating the most futuristic new airport .
 the dangers facing vietnam 's street kids <sec> cnn hero michael brosowski is helping vietnam 's street children turn their lives around .  many of them are runaways who feel unwanted at home , brosowski says .  among the dangers they face are gangs , drugs and child trafficker .
 opinion : aol 's excuses ? sick babies and obamacare <sec> aol blamed 401 ( k ) changes on cost of obamacare and two sick newborns .  dylan roby : it promptly reversed its decision after staff and public outcry .  roby : obamacare ca n't cost that much : aol is too big and workers pay big costs .  roby : maternity coverage cost spread over lots of employees would be minima .
 for boston marathon bombing victims : pool of $ 8.4 million <sec> department of justice will provide a grant of almost $ 8.4 million .  the money will be pooled to assist victims , witnesses and first responders .  three people were killed in the april 15 attac .
