 georgia man turns down nfl offer to work on the railroad <sec> keith fitzhugh is a new employee with norfolk southern railroad .  on tuesday , the new york jets offered to fly him so he could join the team .  fitzhugh turned down the jets ' offer , choosing a stable job near his family .  the ex-mississippi state star has been cut three times by nfl team .
 huge tornado in texas and softball sized hail <sec> surveyors did not check for damage or casualties overnight due to bad weather .  the national weather service sent tweets warning of a large tornado .  a resident snapped a photo of what could be a very large tornad .
 nelson mandela used humor to charm and cajole <sec> nelson mandela had an arsenal of one-liners , robyn curnow writes .  `` there is something about mandela that kids loved , '' she says .  mandela used good humor and his jovial demeanor in his political life , too .  he called queen elizabeth simply `` elizabeth '' instead of `` your majesty .
 drivers , bicyclists clash on road sharing <sec> number of u.s. bicyclists is increasing , according to government study .  more than $ 700 million in stimulus funds is being used for bike and pedestrian projects .  critics question project in north carolina that would add bike lanes to busy street .  cities should choose wisely where to add lanes , paths , expert say .
 toyota mess rife with potential conflicts <sec> toyota hearings were a major event on capitol hill .  less visible were ties between toyota and current , former members of congress , co-authors say .  they say the public should be mindful of potential for abuse .
 uruguayan peacekeepers in haiti investigated for alleged assault <sec> a cell-phone video circulating in haiti sparks an investigation .  the video shows a man being held down on a mattress by several uniformed men .  the uruguayan government confirms it is investigating some of its troops in haiti .  the uruguayan troops are in haiti as united nations peacekeeper .
 sniper fire on silicon valley power grid spurs ex-regulator 's crusade <sec> snipers fired about 150 bullets at a power substation to silicon valley last year .  former ferc chairman is crusading for laws to better secure nation 's power grid .  one congressman is also joining the call for more federal regulatory oversight .  fbi is calling the silicon valley incident vandalism and continues its investigatio .
 tila tequila 's lawyer calls kidnapping allegation 'patently absurd ' <sec> a self-described former boyfriend claims tila tequila threatened his life .  garry sun files for a temporary restraining order against the model-singer .  sun claims tequila orchestrated the kidnapping of his current girlfriend .  the judge has not decided yet on sun 's restraining order reques .
 amber alert issued in florida for missing virginia girl <sec> relatives plead for the girl to come home .  a felony abduction warrant is issued for jeffrey scott easley .  authorities are also looking to issue alerts in other state .
 opinion : gay people live in 50 americas <sec> john sutter : lgbt rights break the country into 50 parts .  the supreme court is set to hear two same-sex marriage cases next week .  sutter : even if court rules for same-sex marriage , a patchwork of laws remain .  he says state borders matter more for lgbt people than other .
 alpine edge : inside world cup venues <sec> cnn 's alpine edge will showcase five alpine skiing world cup venues .  alpine edge will provide insight into resorts in france , switzerland and austria .  schladming hosts the world ski championships in february .  the 2013 alpine skiing world cup comes to a close in march in lenzerheid .
 field of dreams : ballparks unveil tech upgrades <sec> fenway park has rhree new scoreboards beyond right-center field for the 2011 season .  great american ball park has a new cell-tower system to access apps like mlb 's at ba .
 tornado touches down in tennessee <sec> severe storms sweep across tennessee ; no injuries reported .  mobile home , other structures reported damaged or destroyed .  middle school evacuated after lightning causes fire on roo .
 longtime turner sportscaster jim huber dies <sec> jim huber spent more than 27 years with turner broadcasting .  most recently , huber covered the nba and golf for tnt .  his awards include an emmy .  he was also the author of three book .
 arnold schwarzenegger : how i workout in hotel gyms <sec> actor arnold schwarzenegger is a frequent instagram and reddit user .  the former bodybuilder offers his workout tips for travelers using hotel gyms .  `` you can create a workout for your goals anywhere , '' schwarzenegger wrot .
 wikileaks : chinese attacks on google came from the top <sec> wikileaks cables show chinese officials were worried about google .  the officials were concerned about uncensored online content .  a u.s. cable says a chinese official believes google is a `` tool '' of the united state .
 'gangnam style ' to 'kony 2012 : ' this year 's top viral videos <sec> `` gangnam style '' became the most watched youtube video of all time , overtaking justin bieber .  the rap -- named after a neighborhood of seoul -- spawned countless parodies .  advertisers , campaigners and sometimes hapless individuals ' videos have also gone vira .
 be a little skeptical on immigration reform <sec> howard kurtz : the mainstream media are rooting for immigration policy changes .  kurtz : is enthusiasm causing the media to overestimate the prospects for reform ? .  he says the republican house has been a graveyard for numerous obama reforms .  kurtz : illegal immigration still arouses visceral opposition among some american .
 arsenal held by league one leyton orient in fa cup <sec> league one side leyton orient hold barcelona conquerors , arsenal to 1-1 draw in fa cup .  manchester city beat notts county 5-0 in fa cup fourth round replay at eastlands .  bolton book place in fa cup quarterfinals after beating fulham 1-0 .  west brom and wolves draw 1-1 in premier leagu .
 missing florida girl 's dad held in burglary <sec> ronald cummings is being held on $ 12,500 bond .  he was charged thursday with burglary with assault .  daughter haleigh cummings went missing from his home on february .
 ahmadinejad urges stiff punishment for election dissenters <sec> urged stiff punishment for those who `` orchestrated and provoked '' unrest .  ahmadinejad declared the overwhelming winner in the disputed june 12 vote .  protests sparked a government crackdown that led to thousands of arrest .
 analysis : bombings expose iraq 's deepening sectarian divisions <sec> bombings are an indication that terror groups in iraq are finding space to operate .  attack came as iraq 's shiite prime minister orders arrest of sunni vice-president .  iraqi officials speak of a new al qaeda made up of sunni fighters ; u.s. officials say shiite groups sponsored by iran are a bigger danger .  meanwhile the prime minister does not want iraq to be a proxy battleground for saudi arabia and ira .
 shunned from society , widows flock to city to die <sec> india 's hindu widows ca n't remarry , are forced to shave heads and wear white .  widow says her son told her she was too old and to `` go away '' .  a women 's group is seeking change , has set up refuge for widows .  there are an estimated 40 million widows in indi .
 fbi : we know who was behind massive 1990 boston art theft <sec> the fbi marks 23rd anniversary of huge 1990 art heist with new details of the crime .  agency says it has idea who stole artworks from boston 's isabella stewart gardner museum .  works , including some by vermeer and degas , were valued at $ 500 millio .
 shoe company hopes to kick-start manufacturing in africa <sec> oliberte says it 's the first international company to market casual shoes made in africa .  founder tal dehtiar wants africa to be known producing quality footwear .  dehtiar hopes to help develop african middle clas .
 lawmaker : edward snowden wants to testify , is no 'enemy of america ' <sec> new : edward snowden wo n't leave russia to testify on u.s. spying claims , attorney says .  snowden would like to testify in washington , german lawmaker says .  stroebele : `` he did n't present himself as an enemy of america , quite the opposite '' .  snowden would like to go to germany if he were safe from extradition , stroebele sai .
 nadal 's win over djokovic dents roddick 's london hopes <sec> rafael nadal keeps his atp world tour finals hopes alive by beating novak djokovic .  serbian falls to his first defeat this week after suffering from eye problems .  nadal 's 7-5 6-2 victory means that american andy roddick needs to win his final match .  eighth seed earlier lost his second match , being beaten by czech tomas berdyc .
 the korean war never ended <sec> charles armstrong says new conflict between north and south shows tension unabated .  international probe shows north korea sunk south 's navy ship , he says ; south is furious .  north korea denies role in sinking ; china reluctant to weigh in on u.n. sanctions , he says .  writer : armed conflict threatens ; but could be opportunity for new negotiations with nort .
 u.s. troops may leave by 2011 , iraqi officials say <sec> new : u.s. officials : rice , al-maliki have tense discussion on contractor immunity .  combat troops would leave by 2010 under possible u.s.-iraq deal .  two u.s. officials say agreement close , but it 's not a done deal .  gunmen kill sunni politician mahmoud younis fathi and bodyguard in mosu .
 yahoo to buy teenager 's brain child <sec> the summly app delivers snapshots of news stories to its users on mobile .  d'aloisio started the company at 15 and gained support from aston kutcher and stephen fry .  in november , yahoo ! .  boss marissa mayer said the company would focus on mobil .
 love and romance flourish in france as valentine 's day comes early for epinal <sec> epinal of the third tier of french football defeated cup holder lyon .  home side won 4-2 on penalties after tie had finished 3-3 after extra-time .  lyon , seven-time league champion and second in ligue 1 , shocked by result .  epinal made up of amateur football players and are 19th out of 20 in its divisio .
 september 's legacy : taking on harvard in a wheelchair <sec> ben mattlin was born with spinal muscular atrophy , a rare degenerative disease .  mattlin was one of the first students in a wheelchair to attend harvard university .  spinal muscular atrophy affects 1 in 6,000 american .
 walmart , family of tracy morgan 's friend settle lawsuit <sec> wreck with walmart truck killed james mcnair and injured tracy morgan .  james mcnair performed under the name `` jimmy mack '' and was morgan 's frien .
 stench of tragedy hangs over malaysia crash site <sec> bodies , wreckage are scattered over eastern ukraine countryside .  some people bound for malaysia died in vacation clothes , reporter says .  bodies are starting to decompose in the heat .  heavily armed pro-russia militants control the crash sit .
 new research offers tips for alzheimer 's caregivers <sec> there are 15 million-plus unpaid alzheimer 's caregivers in u.s. , alzheimer 's association says .  social interaction can help the cognitively impaired fend off isolation , depression .  resistance training helps dementia patients maintain cognition , research shows .  the alzheimer 's association has a 24/7 help line for caregiver .
 bombs kill 12 in gas-rich area of southwest pakistan <sec> two bombs exploded in balochistan , killing 12 and injuring 25 .  balochistan has pakistan 's largest reserve of gas and heavy insurgent activity .  no one immediately claimed responsibility for the explosion .
 analysis : was iran behind the bangkok bombings ? <sec> quaglia : bangkok suspects not involved in a sophisticated , state-financed terrorist attack .  quaglia : attack was amateurish operation with little advance planning for contingencies .  quaglia : it 's possible iran is seeking to modulate its retaliation for murder of its scientists .  quaglia : iran may have leveraged `` b-team '' contacts to attack israeli diplomat .
 nsa releases edward snowden e-mail exchange <sec> edward snowden calls an e-mail exchange released by the nsa `` incomplete '' .  the nsa says snowden inquired about training material .  snowden tells nbc he `` reported that there were real problems '' with the nsa .  in an e-mail released by the agency , an official invites snowden to call and discuss furthe .
 rape , beatings , concussions some of the abuse wrought on boy recruits <sec> investigators heard 238 complaints of heavy abuse at hmas leeuwin training school .  victims endured naked beatings , rape with mop handle , genital abuse .  beatings ended in broken bones , smashed teeth , cut faces , concussions .  most of the abuse was in the 1960s and '70s ; the training program shut down in 198 .
 center encourages aerospace entrepreneurs <sec> the espace center helps fledgling aerospace companies try out new gadgetry .  espace boasts the `` incubator , '' which recreates the conditions of space .  its equipment can mimic the violent shaking at liftoff and space 's bitter cold .  espace director : `` our goal is to help small aerospace companies get off the ground .
 obama will highlight chicago girl 's shooting in state of the union <sec> hadiya pendleton 's parents will sit with michelle obama at the state of the union address .  the teenager was killed at a playground near the obamas ' chicago home .  hadiya had performed at obama 's second inauguration .  a ranking chicago police official is calling for stricter regulations on gun crim .
 van gogh theft suspects nabbed in egypt ; painting still missing <sec> new : painting has not yet been recovered ; earlier reports were unconfirmed .  `` poppy flowers '' was stolen from a museum in cairo early saturday .  egyptian authorities stopped two suspects at cairo international airport .  the painting is estimated to be worth $ 50 millio .
 can u.s. drone policy finally soar ? <sec> sen. cory booker : drone technology is literally taking off all across the world .  america should embrace the opportunities , booker say .
 south korea halts latest attempt to put satellite in orbit <sec> new : the launch is postponed after an electronic signal problem .  previous launch attempts by south korea failed in 2009 and 2010 .  seoul says it is trying to develop its own civilian space program .  the planned launch may provoke a reaction from north kore .
 trade movie popcorn for yogurt ? <sec> sony movie execs want theater concessionaires to offer fruit , granola , yogurt .  poll : two-thirds of all moviegoers more likely to buy sensible snacks .  expert : of every dollar spent at the concession stand , 85 cents is profi .
 judge denies witness protection bid by shelly sterling <sec> new : judge says it 's `` no surprise '' the case has `` high emotions '' and `` posturing '' .  new : judge asks parties `` to tone down the pre-trial communications '' .  donald sterling tells wife 's attorney : `` i am going to take you out , o'donnell ! '' .  sterling allegedly left intimidating voice-mail messages for two doctor .
 2 americans among 3 killed by taliban in afghanistan <sec> new : 2 were u.s. military personnel , and the third was polish , a source says .  isaf says 3 of its members were killed .  13 afghan civilians are among the wounded .  u.s. embassy sounds `` duck-and-cover '' alarm as sky fills with smok .
 'psych ' star on the series finale <sec> usa 's `` psych '' wrapped up on march 26 .  the series finale featured guest stars deon richmond and val kilmer .  `` psych '' star james roday explains how they landed kilmer .  he also explains why there was n't a weddin .
 cdc : flu shot less effective ; virus has mutated <sec> cdc says mutated flu virus means current flu shot is less protective .  still , the cdc recommends people get vaccinated against the flu .  flu activity across the country is currently low , cdc say .
 military proposes medal for troops showing restraint <sec> medal would honor troops for restraint that prevents civilian casualties in combat .  medal under consideration by the commander in afghanistan .  united states has been criticized for airstrikes that killed afghan civilian .
 teen choice awards : five things to know <sec> `` the fault in our stars '' was a big winner at the 2014 teen choice awards .  the ceremony honors teen favorites in movies , tv , music and the web .  on tv , big winners were the kardashians , `` pretty little liars '' and `` the vampire diaries '' .  selena gomez and donald sutherland had memorable speeche .
 reports : pfizer near deal to buy wyeth <sec> `` it is our policy not to comment on rumor or speculation , '' wyeth rep says .  pfizer was not immediately available for comment .  pfizer said this month it was cutting up to 8 percent , or 800 jobs , of its r & d staf .
 man utd extend lead at top as 10-man city lose at arsenal <sec> manchester united go eight points clear in english premier league on sunday .  united beat struggling qpr 2-0 with wayne rooney and paul scholes scoring .  qpr to appeal the decision to send off shaun derry early in the match .  manchester city lose 1-0 at third-placed arsenal as mario balotelli is sent of .
 same-sex marriage : the only history that counts for me is my own <sec> cnn 's rose arce and her partner , maria , were together 12 years before they married .  the couple were only `` half married , '' arce says , because they did n't have full benefits .  a supreme court ruling today struck down some barriers to same-sex marriag .
 sochi 2014 : patrick kueng and ted ligety tune up with wengen wins <sec> patrick kueng wins first downhill world cup race on home soil in switzerland .  the famous long course at wengen had to be shortened because of high winds .  kueng said he had thought of quitting skiing after a terrible accident in 2006 .  american ted ligety tunes up for 2014 winter olympics with combined wi .
 kaka grabs stoppage time win for brazil <sec> kaka converts penalty to give holders brazil a 4-3 confed cup win over egypt .  substitute ahmed al-muhamadi was red-carded after handling on the goalline .  egypt lodged complaint with fifa claiming 4th official influenced ref 's verdict .  world champions italy recover to defeat 10-man united states 3-1 in pretori .
 'unknown ' czech art star 's paintings stolen in daring heist <sec> paintings by czech artist emil filla stolen in audacious theft from collection near prague .  four works worth between $ 2 million and $ 4 million taken from castle at peruc .  painter 's popularity is growing among local and international art collectors . .  filla was once a contemporary of picasso and braque , exhibited across europe and in u.s .
 death toll from severe storms at 35 <sec> a slight risk of severe weather remains for some , forecasters say .  forecasters downgrade the threat for overnight hours .  at least 12 storm-related deaths in mississippi , official says .  tens of thousands remain without power after mississippi , alabama storm .
 blasts bring chaos to bangkok 's airports <sec> new : authorities cancel all flights at suvarnabhumi airport after blast ; one wounded .  three people wounded at blast at don muang international airport .  pro- and anti-government protesters exchange gunfire .  people 's alliance for democracy has been leading protests since ma .
 magnitude 7.3 quake strikes southwest colombia , usgs says <sec> new : the quake was felt in bogota , cnn affiliate caracol reports .  no immediate reports of injuries or damage , caracol says .  the quake struck at a depth of 101 miles ( 162 km ) .  deep quakes in this region `` are not uncommon , '' usgs say .
 phillip , nancy garrido sentenced in jaycee dugard kidnapping <sec> dugard 's statement to court calls the garridos `` evil '' .  dugard calls her 18 years of captivity a `` sexual perversion '' forced on her .  the married couple pleaded guilty to kidnapping and sexual assault in apri .
 carlsberg city : the town that beer built <sec> new neighborhood named carlsberg city set to emerge in copenhagen , denmark .  district has been built on site of beer company 's former brewer .
 fighting rages for control of libyan cities <sec> gadhafi makes appearance in hotel lobby , does not speak to reporters .  u.s. president , british prime minister discuss libya .  the u.s. state department says departure would not exempt gadhafi .  deadly fighting occurs in zawiya , a doctor say .
 'barney miller ' star steve landesberg dies <sec> steve landesberg played detective arthur dietrich on `` barney miller '' series .  actor was a veteran of tv and movies .  landesberg dies of cance .
