 ex-olympus chief seeks $ 60m compensation <sec> michael woodford , the whistleblowing ex-chief executive of olympus , will seek up to $ 60m .  the british executive is claiming unfair dismissal and discrimination after he was sacked .  his allegations led to resignations and arrests of top olympus official .
 bergen : obama , realist and risk taker <sec> peter bergen : obama 's hope had been to end wars in middle east .  by sending issue to congress , obama seeks to make war harder to launch , bergen says .  bergen : obama lacked international support and legal standing to strike syria .  obama 's move is a risk , as was decision to launch osama bin laden raid , bergen say .
 baltimore rage is shocking ? get real ( opinion ) <sec> lz granderson : people keep looking for new reasons to validate apathy and explain away racism .  but what happened in baltimore did n't come up overnight ; artist jacob lawrence depicted the same story in 1940 .
 'miley : the movement ' : five lessons from mtv 's miley cyrus documentary <sec> mtv aired `` miley : the movement '' on october 2 .  the program chronicled her triumphs and struggles over four months .  it showed her life leading up to and following her mtv vmas performance .  the takeaways are that she 's still growing , has her doubts and is close with her mo .
 donald sterling racism is only part of the racial equity conversation <sec> comments by public figures such as donald sterling have provided fuel to discuss race .  more could be learned from these incidents , says race forward president rinku sen .  sen : honesty about race and empowerment of the marginalized are ke .
 famu says it 's not responsible for drum major 's hazing death <sec> the school says it is not `` blaming the victim '' in robert champion 's death .  the family 's lawsuit said band members were under school control the weekend he died .  many of his `` co-conspirators '' are facing criminal prosecution , the school says .  attorney says champion 's family is shocked and that famu ignored hazing for decade .
 bail set at $ 15,000 for author of book on pedophilia <sec> new : a judge says phillip greaves can not leave florida .  this was greaves first court appearance .  greaves says he wrote the book to `` exorcise '' his childhood .  a florida sheriff says greaves ' arrest was not entrapmen .
 malaga sign up toulalan and mathijsen <sec> malaga complete double signing of jeremy toulalan and joris mathijsen .  the spanish side are owned by billionaire qatari sheikh abdullah al thani .  newcastle sign west ham striker demba ba following sale of kevin nola .
 anti-pedophile campaigner says hackers targeted her <sec> new : news international says it is `` deeply concerned '' by the report .  anti-pedophile activist sara payne says her phone was targeted .  payne had defended news of the world in its last edition .  ex-tabloid editor brooks calls the action `` abhorrent .
 yemeni military plane crashes in capital <sec> the plane crashed into a residential neighborhood .  the pilot was killed , and at least 18 people on the ground were injured .  several buildings caught fire after the crash .  it is the third fatal crash in sanaa in the past yea .
 study : rate of drunk and drugged driving down <sec> wisconsin tops of the list of drunk driving , agency says .  rhode island tops the lists of drugged driving .  the agency surveyed more than 400,000 people to get its result .
 stem cells may offer promise for damaged hearts <sec> most stem cell research targeted at the heart uses adult stem cells .  the fda regulates adult stem cell techniques that are allowed to go into clinical trials .  unlike organ transplants , adult stem cells generally can be given to any patient .  therapies be available in a little over four years , although some say five to 1 .
 british journalist killed in afghanistan <sec> sunday mirror 's rupert hamer was embedded with u.s. marine corps .  harner killed when vehicle struck improvised explosive device in southern afghanistan .  blast also kills marine , afghan soldier ; photographer , 5 marines wounde .
 choice autism treatment offers benefits , has limits <sec> applied behavior analysis is a rigorous empirical method to teach behaviors .  autism speaks has endorsed bills in 25 states to make insurance cover aba .  research : 60 percent of high-functioning kids can lose autism diagnosis with aba .  five-year medical costs for children with autism , on average , about $ 35,00 .
 five austin startups to watch <sec> techstars demo day focused on austin , texas , startups this week .  the program offered work space , seed money and networking in austin .  in exchange , the program gets a 6 % stake in the startu .
 sandy survivors push toward normalcy and search for the missing <sec> superstorm sandy deaths reach 157 overall , including at least 88 in the u.s . .  nearly a half-million new york city customers are still without power .  the new york city marathon is still scheduled for sunday .  despite hobbled transit , commuters go to wor .
 quadruple amputee travis mills stuns mike rowe : 'i 'm not a victim ' <sec> mike rowe meets mills at conference in washington .  mills ' motto is `` never give up - never quit '' .  rowe posts on facebook about mills to mark memorial da .
 relative : man now suspected in etan patz death was reported to police decades ago <sec> pedro hernandez is accused of choking to death 6-year-old etan patz .  relative : i reported comments made by hernandez to police in the 1980s .  police in camden , new jersey , were not immediately available for comment .  attorney : hernandez has not entered a plea due to a pending psychiatric evaluatio .
 protests erupt in syrian cities ; at least 34 reported dead <sec> state-run media reports `` armed groups exploited gatherings '' and casualties ensued .  clashes are reported in western city of homs ; at least 11 are dead there .  people are killed elsewhere , including daraa , maarat al-numan and latakia .  marchers walk toward the grand mosque in a damascus subur .
 meet the men who drove around the world in a tuk tuk <sec> teachers nick gough and richard sears drove 42,120 kilometers in a tuk tuk .  the 16-month trip took them through 39 countries , aimed at raising world education awareness .  among biggest challenges was getting tuk tuk through customs in colombia and egyp .
 kite rider : the girl who fought back from the brink <sec> hannah whiteley is a three-time british freestyle kitesurfing champion .  the 21-year-old is one of the most exciting prospects in european competition .  started kitesurfing at age of 10 but stopped following near death experience .  returned to action at age of 15 and vowed to reach top after finishing last in first ever even .
 kenya doctor fights mental health stigma in 'traumatized continent ' <sec> top psychiatrist frank njenga has changed how many kenyans think about mental health issues .  njenga helped build the first private in-patient psychiatric hospital in kenya .  he 's also created a television talk show in an effort to build better understandin .
 ex-daughter-in-law : ariel castro gave me 'heebie-jeebies ' <sec> monica stephens never wanted to get close to ariel castro .  she said her ex-husband , ex-mother-in-law shared disturbing stories about him .  during her marriage she did make a visit to castro 's hom .
 analysis : nato looks to transform itself to face new threats <sec> nato officials rethink the alliance 's role in a world of terrorists and cyberwarfare .  founded 61 years ago , nato dealt with cold war era threats for most of those years .  afghanistan war is nato 's largest `` out of area '' mission to date .  nato could benefit from its growing , but still uneasy , relationship with russi .
 17 killed as armed inmates attempt prison break in northern mexico <sec> clashes break out as guards work to stop a `` massive prison break , '' officials say .  11 inmates and 6 guards are killed , durango public safety officials report .  violence has been reported at the prison in the past .  in 2010 , prosecutors said prison authorities let out inmates so they could kill gang rival .
 surrogate mother had the right to choose <sec> dan o'connor : surrogate mom offered $ 10,000 to abort reveals our confused moral views .  o'connor : the legal tug of war shows we need to clarify what `` right to choose '' means .  if we think she 's obliged to terminate pregnancy , he says , it means money trumps principle .  surrogates ca n't be forced , he says ; they have right to end or carry out pregnancie .
 defending dakar rally champion al-attiyah quits 2012 race <sec> nasser al-attiyah pulls out of the 2012 dakar rally with car trouble .  defending champion 's hummer broke down on ninth stage of race .  american bobby gordon wins the stage to close on stephane peterhansel .  cyril despres regains the lead in the motorcylce race from marc com .
 how much of a fix is football in ? <sec> football match fixing is a global problem , according to former fifa investigator .  convicted match fixer wilson raj perumal says he fixed a match with a single player .  sports betting expert urges clubs to educate players about fixing from young age .  investigative journalist declan hill , calls for independent anti-corruption agenc .
 penn state accreditation in jeopardy over sex abuse scandal <sec> new : the warning will put more pressure on penn state to reform , a cnn analyst says .  the middle states commission warns penn state its accreditation is in jeopardy .  the warning is related to the school 's governance , reporting , financial issues .  it is not about academic quality , a school official say .
 mclaren celebrates 50 years in formula one <sec> bruce mclaren founded his eponymous race team in 1963 .  the late new zealand racer won his first formula one race with a mclaren in 1968 .  the mclaren team has now won a record 182 grands prix .  the mclaren creative brand also produces sports car , high-tech equipment and cartoon .
 u.s. must keep its promise on health care <sec> writers : health coverage easy to get if you 're healthy , not so if you 're already sick .  they say cancer , diabetes , heart disease patients very vulnerable to insurance cutoffs .  they say mandate is essential to providing patient protections ; keeps costs down .  writers : supreme court should affirm americans ' access to affordable , adequate car .
 newsquiz : week of november 5 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 nypd police officer killed by fellow officer <sec> authorities : omar edwards , chasing a suspect , was fatally shot by another officer .  edwards , in plainclothes , witnessed suspect trying to break into his car .  another saw his pursuit , jumped out of unmarked vehicle and fired six shots .  officers placed on administrative duties while shooting is investigate .
 bundesliga records set again as bayern march on ; arsenal go top <sec> bayern munich stretch unbeaten bundesliga record to 44 games .  thrash eintracht frankfurt 5-0 in allianz arena .  13 points clear of bayer leverkusen in league standings .  arsenal return to top of english premier league with home win over crysta .
 probe : engineer 's actions triggered florida blackout <sec> a field engineer disabled two levels of relay protection , florida power and light says .  fpl : actions were contrary to standard procedures and established practices .  the employee has been suspended with pay as the investigation continues .  about 3 million people lost power tuesda .
 jordan who ? five golfers to watch on the 2014 pga tour <sec> jordan spieth is considered brightest young prospect on pga tour .  he opens 2014 by finishing second to zach johnson in hawaii .  tiger woods goes into the new year chasing elusive 15th major .  rory mcilroy looking recover his form after difficult 201 .
 new government formed -- finally -- in haiti <sec> senators ratified garry conille as haiti 's next prime minister .  president michel martelly had failed to get his first two choices approved .  conille is a development expert who served as an aide to bill clinton .  the new government must lead post-earthquake recovery effort .
 police : freddie gray did n't get timely medical care after arrest <sec> attorney for the family of freddie gray says developments are step forward but another issue is more important .  family will have a forensic pathologist do an independent autopsy .  police say gray should have received medical care at different points before he got to a police statio .
 mexico city woos same-sex honeymooners <sec> the first couple to wed under argentina 's new same-sex marriage law arrives this week .  a new government tourism office in mexico city aims to attract more gay visitors .  officials hope the city will become the top destination for gay travelers in latin america .  professor : latin america has some of the most gay-friendly cities in the developing worl .
 roma in europe : persecuted and misunderstood <sec> roma are also called gypsies or romany .  they live mainly in southern and eastern europe .  they have suffered persecution throughout their histor .
 wet , messy weather to hit eastern u.s . <sec> the massive system sweeping the u.s. wraps up with a wet finale .  the far northeast should see snow .  slushy snow or rain should fall from boston on dow .
 witnesses offer differing accounts in amanda knox appeal <sec> inmates tell different versions of who was behind killing .  a total of five inmates testified saturday .  knox was convicted of murder in the death of her roommate .  the group of convicts include a child murderer and a mafia bos .
 north carolina teen may have fallen from plane in massachusetts <sec> new : da : the teen apparently breached airport security and hid in a plane 's wheel well .  new : authorities find shoes along a flight path similar to ones delvonte tisdale owned .  the teen 's body was found by college students in milton , massachusetts .  delvonte 's body showed trauma `` consistent with a fall from a significant height .
 arizona residents evacuate as fierce wildfire rages <sec> fire has scorched 8,500 acres near flagstaff since tuesday .  dust-dry pine needles , high winds and steep slopes make for ideal fire conditions .  hundreds of homes , businesses are threatened and have been evacuated .  the blaze is only 5 % contained three days after it was first reporte .
 meet the u.s. 'top guns ' with eyes on iran <sec> u.s. pilots say they have had daily encounters with iranian aircraft over strait of hormuz .  pilots flying sorties as part of uss abraham lincoln deployment to strategic waterway .  iran has threatened to close strait in defiance of international sanction .
 woman arrested in georgia home rented by justin bieber , police say <sec> woman was found sleeping in one of the home 's bedrooms , police say .  justin bieber is presently renting the home of producer dallas austin .  woman told police she was bieber 's pal , but she may be twitter followe .
 costa concordia to sail this week <sec> the vessel will be towed to the italian port of genoa .  dismantling the cruise ship could take two years .  32 passengers and crew were killed when the ship capsized in 201 .
 ascot vs l'arc : the glitz and glamor of france 's great monument <sec> think `` french chic '' and the words elegance , style and grace spring to mind .  that glamor will be on display at this weekend 's prix de l'arc de triomphe .  stark contrast to uk 's royal ascot , which has a more flamboyant style .  prestigious race regularly attracts the `` creme de la creme '' of european societ .
 2 children missing in tennessee after fatal fire <sec> new : a spokeswoman says she fears for their safety .  9-year-old chloie leverette and 7-year-old gage daniel were last seen sunday .  their home burned down the same night .  investigators did not find evidence the children were victims of the fir .
 quarter of russian crops lost in drought , medvedev says <sec> medvedev says crop losses will eventually affect the prices of flour , meat , and milk .  a quarter of the nation 's crops have been lost , the russian president says .  forecasters say virtually no rain is forecast in russia this mont .
 award-winner bale destined for greatness ? <sec> gareth bale wins the pfa player of the year & young player of the year .  the tottenham hotspur winger is the third player to win both awards .  the welshman has scored 19 premier league goals so far this season .  tottenham are fifth in the english premier league with four games remainin .
 'star wars : episode vii ' : get a look at the x-wing <sec> j.j. abrams has upped the ante in his force for change campaign .  charity drive offers chance to win a private advance screening .  in his announcement , abrams gave fans a look at an x-wing starfighter .  `` star wars : episode vii '' is slated to open in december 201 .
 zuckerberg : i wear the same thing every day <sec> zuckerberg : i own about 20 identical gray t-shirts .  facebook ceo calls apple `` great platform , '' says more users are on android .  interview with matt lauer is scheduled to air thursday mornin .
 mia hamm : the most powerful woman in football ? <sec> mia hamm won world cups and olympic medals with the u.s. women 's soccer team .  she played for her country on over 200 occasions across three decades .  hamm is now a board member at as roma and minority owner of los angeles football clu .
 'dark knight rises ' ticket sales begin on monday <sec> tickets for `` the dark knight rises '' will go on sale on the internet at noon on june 11 .  the much-anticipated conclusion to christopher nolan 's superhero epic is still 45 days away .  the dark knight rises '' has a running time of two hours and 45 minute .
 want to see a movie a day ? amc hopes so <sec> amc is launching a pilot program .  moviegoers would pay a fee to get a daily movie pass .  viewership by younger audiences is dow .
 ex-british prime minister 'shocked ' by new hacking claims <sec> new : ex-pm gordon brown is `` shocked '' by the latest claims .  `` it is very personal and really hurtful if all true , '' former prime minister 's wife says in tweet .  the allegations about brown widen a scandal that sunk britain 's news of the world .  the scandal threatens news international 's plan to create the largest british media compan .
 when political gaffes turn toxic <sec> politicians can overcome some gaffes , but others are deadly , says dean obeidallah .  some gaffes are just factual errors . .  others are much more revealing , he says .  todd akin 's rape comments may spell the end of his senatorial chances , he says .  obeidallah : will akin 's comments also bring down the romney/ryan ticket .
 mixologists : just pretentious bartenders ? <sec> for some , the term `` mixologist '' suggests pretension and expensive drinks .  dating to the 1850s , the term was resurrected by new york bartender dale degroff in the 1980s .  degroff and others say the term helps differentiate beer slingers from barkeeps who study the craft of cocktail makin .
 why ukraine 's future lies with the eu , not russia <sec> on november 21 , ukraine 's government decided to suspend talks with the european union .  the decision has sparked the biggest protests since the 2004 orange revolution .  joerg forbrig says president victor yanukovich has ignored the will of the majority .  it is now up to the eu to engage kiev and protesters in a national dialogue , he say .
 laureates to nobel winners : prepare for 'lightning bolt ' <sec> deputy director says nobel was `` bolt of lightning '' for staff .  nobel foundation named obama the 2009 peace prize winner friday .  recognition , applications will rise with announcement , winners say .  international atomic energy agency won in 2005 for work in nuclear fiel .
 opinion : sugar-free soda is safe <sec> coco-cola is launching a new ad campaign to defend artificial sweeteners in diet soda .  aaron carroll : it 's no surprise , since sales of diet soda is dropping more than regular soda .  he says there 's little evidence to support the idea that artificial sweeteners pose health risk .  carroll : given a choice , it 's still better to choose sugar-free soda over sugared sod .
 'blade runner ' pistorius handed dream double olympic ticket <sec> oscar pistorius to become first double-amputee olympian in london .  the 25-year-old has been selected in the individual 400 and 4x400m relay .  pistorius had both of his legs amputated when he was 11 months old .  he won a silver medal at last year 's world championships in the 4 x 400m rela .
 hillary clinton 's sneakily brilliant launch <sec> martha pease : hillary clinton got her presidential bid launched by reframing who she is , what she 's about .  she says clinton took a low-key , unconventional approach , unlike marco rubio 's standard announcemen .
