 mayors ' stories out of school <sec> four american mayors are touring each other 's city to learn more education solutions .  mayors from california , texas , colorado and rhode island are on the tour .  the mayors shared stories from their own school experiences .  providence mayor : education `` is a fundamental right and it 's a path out of poverty .
 teenager spreads hope to children in need <sec> at 13 , tara suri founded an organization to help orphans attend school .  check out the ypwr blog to meet the latest featured young person .  ireport.com : do you know someone who rocks ? .  let us kno .
 10 wild things about scotland <sec> scotland has its own wildcat -- although it 's become very rare .  few places feel as wild as rannoch and other windswept moors .  beaver have been reintroduced here -- guides can take you to the .
 lifting ban gives oil industry a pass <sec> jeffrey rachlinski says judge is willing to scrutinize terms of ban , but not oil industry so much .  judge says bp spill does n't presage others ; but companies still lack sound disaster plans .  oil companies ' suit shows they 'd like to keep drilling as though nothing has happened , he says .  rachlinski : ban would force oil companies to come up with plan to prevent future disaster .
 industrial park project will create 20,000 new jobs in haiti <sec> the project began even before the january 12 , 2010 , earthquake in haiti .  clinton says it will inspire more investment in haiti .  the plans include a textile mill and 5,000 home .
 cnn student news - january 22 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 anti-liberal bias found in justice programs <sec> programs used to select young lawyers for summer interns and honors program .  investigation stems from firing of u.s. attorneys in 2006 .  members of selection committee screened out liberals and democrats , report says .  hiring process changed in 2007 to stop political bias from occurrin .
 'li-fi ' provides a light bulb moment for wireless web <sec> german inventor harald haas has developed patented technology which uses light beams to transmit information .  adding a microchip to a normal led light bulb makes it blink at phenomenal speed sending binary code data .  haas hopes his `` li-fi '' networks will assist increasingly crowded wi-fi radio network .
 uk man charged after children given trick-or-treat cocaine bags <sec> police were alerted after children were given small bags of white powder .  they were out trick-or-treating in the town of royton , near manchester .  a 23-year-old man is due in court friday charged with drug offenses .  `` we understand this to be an isolated incident , '' police superintendent say .
 gotye thinks 'glee ' botched his song <sec> gotye criticized `` glee 's '' cover of his single `` somebody that i used to know . '' .  he called darren criss and matt bomer 's cover `` pop 'glee style , ' ultra-dry , sounded pretty tuned '' .  gotye : `` and the rock has no real sense , like it 's playing to you from a cardboard box .
 students want chance to defend themselves <sec> cincinnati student is leading advocate for college kids to be armed .  at least nine states are considering legislation to allow students to carry weapons .  police chief : `` i do n't think the answer to bullets flying is to send more bullets flying '' .  `` i see carrying a concealed firearm as a kind of life insurance policy , '' professor say .
 an unfair portrait of susan rice <sec> susan rice withdraws her name from consideration for state .  articles have claimed rice is undiplomatic and difficult to work for .  amar bakshi says those descriptions clashed with the reality of working for rice .  he says rice demonstrated openness , honesty and passion as a bos .
 inter to appoint benitez as manager <sec> rafael benitez agrees to become manager of european champions inter milan .  the 50-year-old spaniard will replace jose mourinho , who quit to join real madrid .  benitez left liverpool last week after club finished seventh in premier leagu .
 netanyahu presses congress over threat of nuclear iran <sec> israeli pm meets with speaker nancy pelosi , minority leader john boehner .  iranian regime with nuclear weapons `` is a great danger to all of us , '' netanyahu says .  he calls for normalized relations with arab world , peace process with palestinians .  u.s. leaders also express concern over iran 's nuclear intention .
 nixon library releases tapes , papers from early in 2nd term <sec> recordings cover some 1,000 conversations from january/february 1973 .  among the topics : paris peace talks , roe v. wade , watergate .  in one tape , nixon orders detailed logs be kept of henry kissinger 's phone call .
 obama must turn up the heat on tibet <sec> eleanor byrne-rosengren : obama should raise issue of tibet during meeting with xi .  she says world leaders have been silent , despite wave of tibetan self-immolations .  china has accepted the need to improve its human rights performance , she says .  `` china , the u.s. and tibet all stand to benefit '' from addressing the issue , she say .
 the afterlife of a rape survivor : readers say story gave voice <sec> moni basu 's story on a rape survivor in india resonates with readers .  the reporter 's revelations were difficult to write .  many talk about their own lives after being attacked .  they say it 's the only way to change rape cultur .
 5 cases we 're watching this week <sec> deliberations resume in the bulger case .  bradley manning awaits sentencing .  nidal hasan 's trial reconvenes .  grand jury looks into indictments in the hernandez cas .
 how to help : tornadoes tear across midwest <sec> more than 60 tornadoes ravaged parts of the midwest , including illinois and indiana .  many people have lost their homes right before thanksgiving .  aid organizations have mobilized to help the needy in the storm 's wak .
 suspect in pakistan governor 's killing goes to court <sec> the suspect finally appeared in court in rawalpindi after several changes of venue .  qadri has been hailed as a hero in some quarters .  salman taseer was apparently killed for opposing pakistan 's blasphemy law .  the shooting occurred at an islamabad marke .
 how to treat smile lines <sec> wrinkles come with age because of less fat , loss of elasticity .  injectable fillers can replace volume and diminish wrinkles .  botox can relax muscles , lessons appearance of lines .  protect skin from sun to prevent skin damag .
 sunderland sack poyet : football 's $ 7bn fear factor <sec> english premier league club sunderland sack uruguayan manager gus poyet .  heavy home defeat to aston villa on saturday final straw for u.s. owner ellis short .  relegation from english top flight could cost clubs hundreds of millions of dollars .  new epl television deal due to begin in 2016 worth a seismic $ 7.8 billio .
 tips for jaguar spotting in belize <sec> belize 's cockscomb national park is the only jaguar preserve in the world .  since jaguars hunt nocturnally , so be prepared to stay up at night if you want to see them .  rainy june and july is when the cats are most active , so bring an umbrella and a guid .
 'game of thrones ' : sex and death still reign in season four <sec> kit harington talked about the new season at the emmys .  the actor says his character , jon snow , will have scars from an attack .  fans should also expect plenty of death .  lena headey adds that the `` stakes are higher than ever .
 odierno : may not be possible to declare victory in iraq <sec> u.s. army gen. ray odierno makes remark to reporters at pentagon .  about 123,000 u.s. troops in iraq ; could drop to 110,000 by january , he says .  odierno : iraqi security forces recently seized caches of iranian-made weapon .
 lawyer : conrad murray 's suffering in jail a 'slow death ' <sec> keeping a dog in such a tight space would be animal cruelty , murray 's lawyer says .  murray suffers `` marked venous stasis of his lower extremities , '' his lawyer says .  `` please consider this letter as notice of the life-threatening condition , '' he tells sheriff .  murray has another year left to serve in jail , unless released under home confinemen .
 economy puts bite on shark attacks , researcher says <sec> sharks attacked 59 people worldwide in 2008 , florida researcher reports .  four people killed by sharks last year .  economic downturn means fewer people hitting beaches , researcher says .  surfers account for 57 percent of shark attack .
 congressman lists questions about benghazi <sec> california congressman raises questions for benghazi hearing .  ambassador christopher stevens and three other americans were killed in attack .  lawmakers have been pressing for witness accounts from the september 2012 attack .  benghazi has become a political flashpoint between republicans and obama administratio .
 bombing wave marks eta campaign 's 50th year <sec> basque separatist group eta formed in 1959 began violent campaign in 1968 .  most recent cease-fire collapsed in 2007 despite pledges of permanence .  group blamed for more than 800 deaths , including many civilian .
 famous paleontologist to plead guilty to fossil theft <sec> attorney says well-known paleontologist will plead guilty to stealing dinosaur bones .  nate murphy , of the judith river dinosaur institute , has made major fossil finds .  murphy is accused of taking fossils from federal lands in montana .  smithsonian : `` theft of fossils from pubic lands has long been a problem .
 pangolin psa to air in vietnam because of cnn reader donations <sec> cnn readers donate more than $ 17,000 to an environmental group in vietnam .  the group says it will use the money to create a public service announcement for the pangolin .  john sutter recently featured the pangolin as part of his change the list project .  the scale-covered mammal is being trafficked by the ton for its scales and mea .
 muskogee , oklahoma , police shooting on body-cam video <sec> police officer 's body camera captures fatal shooting in oklahoma .  muskogee police release the video in attempt to ease community tension .  recent shootings have prompted move to put body cameras on all the nation 's officer .
 indonesia releases australian teen convicted of drug possession <sec> the teen 's sentence included time already served .  he is expected to leave indonesia , the prosecutor says .  he is blacklisted from re-entering indonesia for six month .
 respected turkish journalist dies <sec> respected turkish journalist mehmet ali birand dies after operation .  during turkey 's recent history he often angered national leaders .  `` we do n't have enough freedom in criticizing '' powerbrokers , he said in 2010 .  his last published work included a plea for calm at a kurdish demonstratio .
 new york times ' website goes down <sec> new york times website , apps were down wednesday .  the outage had lasted more than two hours .  paper says outage coincided with routine maintenanc .
 u.s. readying plan for advisers to anbar <sec> joint chiefs spokesman says plan `` is not a change in mission nor is it a combat role '' .  u.s. currently has advisers assisting iraqis in irbil and .  joint chiefs chairman : sunni tribes fighting isis need iraqi military support .  isis has killed some 400 members of one sunni tribe in anbar in recent day .
 opinion : doc : my state in addiction stranglehold <sec> physician mark publicker says his addiction unit is seeing spike in young , old heroin users .  he says heroin use a cancer sweeping nation , calls prescription painkillers the gateway .  he says sellers descended on maine and region has seen surge in heroin addiction .  publicker : treatments must see addiction as a chronic disease needing lifelong managemen .
 discovery cove named 'best amusement park ' by tripadvisor <sec> tripadvisor publishes new rankings for best water parks and amusement parks based on reviews .  spain 's siam park takes top spot for world 's best water parks .  florida is home to five out of 10 of the world 's best amusement park .
 azerbaijan gets un security council seat <sec> new : the u.s. congratulates the new non-permanent members of the security council .  slovenia drops its bid after 16 rounds of voting .  azerbaijan and slovenia had been deadlocked over the fifth seat .  countries are voted onto the security council by all 193 u.n. member nation .
 ethiopian forces raid military posts in eritrea <sec> new : eritrea says its neighbor staged a `` provocative attack '' on its soil .  the raid targeted posts used in attacks against ethiopia , an ethiopian official says .  the assault reignites tensions between the two african nations .  eritrea won its independence from ethiopia in 1993 after a 30-year wa .
 barca defensive poser ahead of nou camp showdown <sec> barcelona battling to claw back 3-1 deficit in champions league semi against inter .  coach pep guardiola must decide who will replace suspended carles puyol in defense .  barcelona looking to become first side to successfully defend champions leagu .
 5 championship surf spots <sec> pro-surfing champ kelly slater likes australia , tahiti , fiji , hawaii and france .  fiji 's cloudbreak wave is `` one of the great surf discoveries ever , '' said slater .  the vibe at primo spots varies from spring break-like to exclusive .  airline surfboard baggage policies range from free to price .
 opinion : 'breaking bad ' is watching you <sec> gene seymour : `` breaking bad 's '' focus on an anti-hero challenges viewers ' normal stances .  he says we are torn between pity and scorn for the main character , played by bryan cranston .  seymour : walter white is the dreaded specter of our era , making one bad choice after anothe .
 biden 's comments on special needs kids called 'new low ' <sec> biden says gop advocates for special needs kids should support stem cell research .  mccain camp says biden `` sunk to a new low '' with comments .  gop vp pick palin has a son with down syndrome , opposes stem cell research .  biden spokesman says vice presidential nominee did not target pali .
 a medical miracle : saving cholera victims <sec> there are 3 to 5 million cases of cholera every year .  it can kill those who are n't properly hydrated .  david nalin developed the rehydration solution in 196 .
 9 things to know about the salvage of costa concordia <sec> two and a half years after running aground in giglio , italy , the costa concordia is being re-floated .  32 passengers and crew were killed when the cruise ship capsized in january 2012 .  crews hope to re-float the concordia and tow it from giglio to the port in genoa .  dismantling the ship could take two years ; the total cost of the wreck is projected to be more than $ 2 billio .
 disturbing tales emerge from crimea <sec> journalists are threatened , cameras stolen , channels blocked .  crimea coverage shows tensions in crisis over ukraine .  hotel orders cnn to stop broadcast .
 'they would torture you ' : isis prisoners reveal life inside terror group <sec> cnn 's ivan watson speaks to isis fighters being held by kurds in northern syrian prison .  one prisoner claims isis paid him $ 3,600 to plant a bomb that killed his nephew .  another prisoner , 19 , says many fighters he met were foreigners , including one chinese jihadi .  cnn has no way to confirm if prisoners were telling the truth or being coache .
 south korean military members protest in seoul <sec> protests come as tensions between the koreas are growing .  demonstrators are seen charging and kicking polic .
 michelle obama casts spell with ivory gown <sec> first lady 's elegant , one-shouldered ivory gown created by 26-year-old jason wu .  the one-of-a-kind silk chiffon confection was embellished with organza rosettes .  michelle obama has tradition of wearing american designers from other nations .  her time-saving shopping secret -- buying on the interne .
 americans having their say on divisive keystone pipeline plan <sec> the president has faced high political pressure on the keystone xl pipeline .  now the public joins in on both sides , with 1.2 million comments so far .  proponents include republicans whom obama seeks compromise with .  opponents include many who helped elect him presiden .
 how to get from manila to tacloban ... in 31 hours <sec> cnn 's andrew stevens was trying to get to tacloban ahead of typhoon hagupit .  after multiple flight cancellations , he chartered a helicopter then rustled up a van from locals .  trip normally takes 90 minutes with a direct flight from manila .  tacloban suffered the brunt of super typhoon haiyan 13 months ag .
 diane von furstenberg , the wonder woman <sec> wonder woman inspired diane von furstenberg 's latest fashion collection .  the 1940s comic book character is considered one of america 's most patriotic .  diane von furstenberg : `` there 's a wonder woman inside every one of us '' .  proceeds will go to vital voices , a group that empowers women worldwid .
 japan kicks off whaling season with meat feast <sec> coastal town teaches children about whaling , serves up fried whale meat .  an international court has banned japan 's scientific whale mission in the antarctic .  japan is eager to revise and resume the program .  despite the ban , small-scale coastal hunts and whaling in northwest pacific continue .
 ligety claims second gold as u.s. tops medals table <sec> ted ligety wins super-combi gold at world skiing championships .  ligety has also claimed the super-g title in schladming .  superb slalom run under floodlights key to his victory .  veteran ivica kostelic second for croati .
 world health day celebrated with focus on healthy , active aging <sec> world health day is saturday , the world health organization 's birthday .  its focus is on understanding the truths and challenges of an aging population .  by 2050 , there will be 400 million people age 80 or older , who estimate .
 santorum 's stone-age view of women <sec> stephanie coontz : santorum against contraception , says it 's not how things `` supposed to be '' .  she says in writings and statements he 's been hostile toward empowering women .  she says it 's out of touch with world but also counter to his avowed concern for children .  coontz : educated moms take more , better time with kids ; husbands do , to .
 jake tapper : where were u.s. leaders in paris march ? <sec> jake tapper : american leaders were conspicuously absent from historic paris rally .  the french are eager to see signs of u.s. support after terrorist attack .
 alcatraz escapees could have lived , study says <sec> trio of alcatraz escapees may have survived their journey , study says .  two brothers and colleague left in june 1962 and were never seen again .  it 's likely they perished , but if their timing was right they could have made it , study says .  one person is known to have escaped from alcatraz while it was a federal pe .
 barcelona to host world 's first sports theme park <sec> sports theme park planned for barcelona 's olympic venues .  visitors will take part in virtual races using `` best technology on the planet '' .  tickets to be priced according to the sports visitors want to take part i .
 bail for michael skakel set at $ 1.2 million <sec> michael skakel is freed after judge sets conditions for bail .  dorthy moxley , mother of slain martha moxley , says she is `` disappointed '' .  nephew of robert and ethel kennedy was convicted of murder in 2002 .  skakel steadfastly denied he killed the 15-year-old in 197 .
 australian militant holding severed heads offers bounty <sec> australian tweets bounty for information on outspoken muslim leader .  mohamed elomar is believed to be in syria , fighting with isis .  elomar posted photos of himself holding severed heads of fighters .  sharrouf shocked world with photo of young son holding mutilated hea .
 ferguson : the signal it sends about america ( opinion ) <sec> ferguson protests reflect a larger picture of america 's racial divide , writes sally kohn .  the michael brown killing is part of a series of questionable killings by police , she says .  kohn : bias pervades american life , with blacks often stigmatized unfairly .  she says politicians make it seem as if crime , poverty are african-american problems onl .
 standoff in congress threatens highway construction funding <sec> the house is considering a gop-backed 3-month extension of funding .  the senate recently passed a 2-year , $ 109 billion bill .  democratic sen. harry reid blames the standoff on tea party activists .  reid : house republicans `` ca n't do anything unless they get a permission slip from the tea party .
