 appeals court : judge in trayvon martin case must step down <sec> defendant george zimmerman had appealed for a new judge .  the court agrees that judge put zimmerman in reasonable fear of a fair trial .  zimmerman 's lawyers say the judge disparaged their client .  zimmerman is charged with murder in the death of trayvon marti .
 new tylenol cap will have warning label <sec> new caps will say : `` contains acetaminophen . .  always read the label '' .  company hopes to reduce number of accidental acetaminophen overdoses .  fda sets daily limit for adults at 4,000 milligrams of acetaminophe .
 dos and don'ts of politicking at the office <sec> companies tend to differ on policies regarding political discussion .  `` be honest and sincere , but keep it civil , '' says richie essenburg , political blogger .  be careful of soliciting for a political candidate and check with your superviso .
 officials : virginia quake shifted nuclear plant 's storage casks <sec> new : the nuclear plant might have been shaken harder than it was designed to bear .  the casks , each weighing 115 tons , moved between 1 and 4 inches in the quake .  no radiation was released and the casks were not damaged , an official says .  the safety standards for such casks are `` unbelievable , '' an nrc spokesman say .
 california woman mistaken for suspect in girl 's killing <sec> `` they hear the name , and a lot of people think it 's me , '' woman tells tv station .  melissa huckaby shares name and age of suspect in 8-year-old girl 's slaying .  woman receives hate mail , threats ; she takes myspace page down .  manteca , california , woman says she 's never even gotten a speeding ticke .
 bob dylan signs six-book deal <sec> bob dylan has signed a six-book deal with simon & schuster .  deal will include two sequels to his acclaimed 2004 book `` chronicles : volume one '' .  another book will be based on his sirius/xm radio show `` theme time radio hour .
 opinion : are dietary supplements safe ? we 're not sure <sec> more than half of americans are taking supplements , fueling a $ 30 billion industry .  david seres : but supplements are not the amazing panacea that we are led to believe .  he says vitamin e and selenium supplements , for example , may not be safe for men .  seres : we need to reassess regulation of dietary supplements and educate the publi .
 marc marquez doubles up at circuit of americas to stretch title lead <sec> marc marquez wins u.s. motogp in texas .  second straight win at circuit of americas for title holder .  repsol honda teammate dani pedrosa finishes second .  marquez two wins from two in 2014 title rac .
 medal of honor recipient declines invitation to state of the union <sec> clint romesha was invited by the first lady to attend the state of the union speech .  he said it was an honor , but he wants to spend the evening with former army buddies .  it 's also his 13th wedding anniversary , romesha says .  he was awarded the medal of honor monday by the presiden .
 nadal plays through pain barrier despite appendicitis <sec> rafael nadal admits he 's been diagnosed with appendicitis on the eve of the shanghai masters .  but world number two opts to play on and enter the main draw of the tournament .  he comes unstuck in straight sets against countryman feliciano lopez 6-3 7-6 .  new : roger federer saves five match points before going through in chin .
 sneijder on target as inter beat bari <sec> inter milan win 3-0 away at bari to move second in serie a .  houssine kharja , giampaolo pazzini and wesley sneijder all scored .  inter are now third , seven points behind leaders ac mila .
 border fence dispute brings texas showdown <sec> government wants land for border fence ; landowners refuse .  secretary chertoff says he wo n't relent `` for a particular individual '' .  eloisa tamez says her property has been in her family since 1767 .  border town mayor calls the fence `` a multibillion-dollar speed bump .
 taiwan 's president asks protesters to talk over trade deal <sec> taiwan 's president invites protest leaders to discuss end to political crisis .  protesters have not yet accepted ma 's invitation .  students have been occupying taiwan 's legislative building since march 18 .  movement opposes chinese trade pact ; wants more transparency in cross-strait deal .
 israel asks court for delay in demolition of settler outpost <sec> many homes of israeli settlers in a west bank outpost are on private palestinian land .  the israeli government said last year the homes would be demolished by may 1 .  government now requests a three-month delay in the demolition .  critic calls the request `` an announcement of war ... against the rule of law .
 authorities bust international drug money-laundering ring <sec> more than 20 people are arrested ; 17 in spain and 4 in the united states .  agents seize five dozen cars , 25 properties and $ 35 million in cash .  the cash was kept in 50- and 100-euro bills , spanish police sa .
 cost to win congressional election skyrockets - cnnpolitics.com <sec> spending on winning senate races has increased 62 % in 2012 dollars since 1986 .  the increase is more pronounced in the house , where winning a race there increased by 334 % .  biggest increase is in outside groups , which went from $ 9 miilion in 1986 to $ 457 million in 201 .
 opinion : can we forgive paula deen ? <sec> dean obeidallah : can someone who is a bigot evolve ? .  and does society then forgive them ? .  he says people call paula deen a racist and cast her out ; that 's not good for society , though .  he says history is full of viewpoints evolving for the better , such as on gay marriage .  he says some of deen 's apology implausible , but public should be open to redemptio .
 autopsy scheduled for singer-songwriter teena marie <sec> teena marie had a three-decade career in music , and was nominated four times for a grammy .  she was found dead sunday in her home .  marie worked with late funk legend rick james , smokey robinson and other .
 uae denies visa to israeli tennis player <sec> new : shahar peer , female israeli tennis player , says she 's `` very , very disappointed '' .  united arab emirates refuses to grant a visa to peer .  peer needed the visa to play in the dubai tennis championships .  world tennis association unhappy , says move runs counter to its polic .
 cnn student news - may 15 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 rebel court fills void amid syrian civil war <sec> the united courts council operates in areas controlled by rebels .  it is a self-appointed council of judges , lawyers and clerics .  it protects the weak and maintains order in liberated areas , an official says .  about 100 prisoners are detained in a series of makeshift jail cell .
 andy murray through to shenzhen final <sec> andy murray through to first final since winning wimbledon in july 2013 .  scot will face spain 's tommy robredo in sunday 's final .  petra kvitova wins wuhan open to book place at wta finals in singapor .
 rwanda genocide suspect arrested , extradited <sec> iidephonse nizeyimana was picked from a hotel north of ugandan capital .  extradited to tanzania , where international criminal tribunal for rwanda based .  police : he ( nizeyimana ) is among the top three most-wanted suspects .  some figures put number of dead from attacks on ethnic tutsis at 1 millio .
 family wants to keep life support for girl brain dead after surgery <sec> new : `` i feel like it 's just been a rough week for her , '' jani mcmath 's mother tells cnn .  jahi , 13 , underwent a tonsillectomy to correct sleep apnea .  after complications , `` she is 100 % brain damaged . .  medically dead , '' her uncle say .
 age of chinese gymnasts investigated <sec> probe into chinese gymnasts ' age sought by international olympic committee .  gymnasts must be at least 16 years of age to compete in olympics .  chinese officials defend team , have shown passports proving athletes are eligible .  speculation intensified following team gold medal won by china 's wome .
 'the bachelorette ' pays tribute to deceased contestant <sec> eric hill died after finishing filming `` the bachelorette '' .  he was one of 25 bachelors vying for the heart of andi dorfman .  the show 's host praised his `` passion and and courageous spirit .
 obama says u.s. , turkey can be model for world <sec> president obama : u.s. a nation of citizens , not any particular religion .  obama says he is trying to make a statement by ending trip in turkey .  obama on first state visit to largely muslim nation .  u.s. approval ratings among turks hit low during bush administratio .
 pairing neighbors with the elderly <sec> new york native was outraged at lack of options to nursing homes after mother 's stroke .  she started an initiative to pair elderly with neighborhood volunteers to help with daily needs .  so far , about 50 volunteers are tending to the needs of 27 older adults .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2010 cnn heroe .
 mother of five adopted kids : 'i admire madonna ' <sec> malawian judge rejects madonna 's request to adopt a 4-year-old girl .  move reignites debate about the ethics of international adoption .  some aid groups say children are best left in their home countries .  a mother of 5 adopted kids says adoption can be a `` brilliant solution '' for som .
 obama mixes politics , comedy on 'tonight show ' <sec> president compliments kevin eubanks ' suit , pokes fun at simon cowell .  obama on more serious topic : `` the problem with aig is it owed so much '' .  he says bonuses are problem , but larger issue is people feel lack of responsibility .  president must be careful not to trivialize economic pain , media observer caution .
 how byblos festival attracts world 's biggest musicians <sec> byblos international festival attracts music lovers from across the world .  world famous acts like gorillaz and snow patrol have played the event over the years .  instability in lebanon and the wider region has caused headaches for the organizer .
 taipei : lucky night at longshan temple <sec> a visit to taipei 's longshan temple on a lucky night provides a cultural window .  the faithful of several religious traditions gather to pray .  the chaos of the modern city outside fades away inside the walls of the templ .
 kids who lost parents to war bond at camp <sec> camp offers refuge to military families , kids adjusting to loss of loved ones .  army maj. paul syverson iii killed in action in balad , iraq , in 2004 .  `` i just try to remember him as an awesome guy , '' his son say .
 teen to government : change your typeface , save millions <sec> middle-school student says the federal government could cut printing costs with one decision .  suvir mirchandani analyzed ink use for school project , then expanded his research .  so far , the government printing office is noncommittal on suvir 's suggestio .
 rummenigge hails 'major breakthrough ' as uefa reduce international matches <sec> uefa and europe 's top football clubs agree to reduce number of international matches .  agreement would see number of international breaks decrease over a two-year period .  uefa would also take out insurance to cover players while on international duty .  the agreement between uefa and the clubs needs to be ratified by fif .
 hurry up and stand still : why runners need yoga <sec> `` marathon man '' john farah says yoga initially did n't appeal to him .  now farah does yoga regularly to prevent injury and loosen his muscles .  as cliche as it sounds , yoga also feeds the soul , farah say .
 seven things you did n't know about two medal of freedom winners <sec> cordy tindell `` c.t . '' .  vivian participated in the freedom rides .  bayard rustin was one of the masterminds behind the march on washington .  both were among 16 honored wednesday with the medal of freedo .
 albuquerque : new path for abortion opponents <sec> voters in albuquerque rejected a ballot initiative to ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy .  it is the first known instance the issue of abortion has been addressed at such a local level . .  social movements often start at the grass-roots level , rather than the less-pliable federal leve .
 cosmetics queen battles against skin bleaching <sec> grace amey-obeng is the founder and ceo of cosmetic empire , fc group of companies .  for 25 years , she has fought against popular practice of skin bleaching .  she says too many women associate lighter skin with affluenc .
 8 soldiers killed in tunisia <sec> attack takes place near the algerian border .  tunisia 's president blames islamic militants .  he announces three days of mournin .
 9 classic u.s. dive bars <sec> ginny 's little longhorn saloon offers winnings if their chicken leaves something special on your lucky bingo number .  enjoy an outdoor barbecue overlooking portland at skyline tavern , but bring your own meat .  occasional celebrity spotting happens at mac 's club deuce , miami beach 's `` all day happy hour '' ba .
 congressional leaders back $ 1 trillion spending bill <sec> the huge bipartisan bill would fund the government through the end of september .  `` this gets the train back on the track , '' a republican congressman says .  it `` shows the american people that we can compromise '' a democratic senator says .  the bill affects areas like federal worker pay , airport security and light bulb .
 deposed king vows to stay in nepal <sec> former king will live as a civilian in a summer palace outside capital .  gyanendra : will stay in the country to help establish peace .  left palace by side entrance while officials gathered outside to see his departure .  assembly tasked with rewriting the constitution , deciding future political syste .
 despite better technology , 2011 set to be deadliest tornado year <sec> at least 489 people have died in u.s. tornadoes so far this year .  the deadliest tornado year on record is 1925 , which had 794 deaths .  the strengths and locations of 2011 's twisters could help explain the high death tol .
 why nobody can match the ipad 's price <sec> the ipad is still the first , and best-selling , product of its kind .  apple now has 300 retail stores worldwide selling ipads directly to customers .  competitors are having trouble beating the ipad widge .
 new cases of deadly virus emerge in middle east <sec> four new cases of middle east respiratory syndrome reported , with one person dead .  world health organization says first report of illness in oman .  investigation is ongoing on how the virus may have spread .  63 have died of virus which has been confirmed in 149 people in middle eas .
 nations want 'tsunami wave ' of pressure on al-assad <sec> new : at least 103 killed friday .  red cross asks two-hour humanitarian pause in fighting .  clinton says syrian security forces can help `` guns fall silent '' .  evacuation of wounded and sick begins in hom .
 kenya 's turkana people facing climate catastrophe <sec> conservationist richard leakey has been working in kenya 's turkana basin for years .  leakey says fishermen have seen evidence of climate change in the water as levels recede .  potentially catastrophic as entire region is dependent on the lake for food and economic surviva .
 ferguson police chief : 'i 'm going to stay and see this through ' <sec> officials : there 's a collective decision ferguson will move on without jackson .  officials says chief 's future is part of talks , including what severance he 'd get .  ferguson chief says he has `` a lot of people behind me , '' wants to finish the job in city .  jackson 's department has been under fire since the shooting death of michael brow .
 norway honors victims of terrorist attacks <sec> youth leader vows that the labour party 's youth movement will return to utoya .  a memorial service for victims of the attacks takes place in oslo .  the first two funerals , both for teenagers , are held .  anders behring breivik was questioned by polic .
 the problem with 'the thin blue line ' ( opinion ) <sec> peter moskos : many police see themselves as a `` thin blue line '' besieged by criminals , liberals .  police tend to be conservative , but no evidence democrats are worse for police , he says .  an attack on the thin blue line is perceived as a personal and existential threat , moskos says .  moskos : police must accept disagreement from citizens , officials and see beyond blue lin .
 brothers 'elated ' to be free , thanks to facebook <sec> raymond , timothy highers say they were in the neighborhood the night a drug dealer was killed .  a witness said he saw them enter a house about when a shot was fired .  brothers were given life and for nearly 25 years they have insisted they are innocent .  a chance facebook encounter led to testimony that prompted a judge to order a new tria .
 suspects sought in california church shooting <sec> police think they identified two of three gunmen who opened fire at richmond , california church .  two teens shot at new gethsemane church of god in christ .  they are expected to make full recoveries .  police have no motive for the church attac .
 tough challenge gets tougher for haitian amputees <sec> experts say haiti 's earthquake is creating `` a generation of amputees '' .  disabilities can cause long-term economic and mental health problems .  amputations in haiti are difficult because people get around on foot or by bicycl .
 marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev placed at cop 's death <sec> testimony focuses on shooting death of mit officer , 26 .  sean collier killed three days after boston bombings .  cyclist ids tsarnaev , puts him at scene of collier killin .
 suspect in palm beach rapes extradited to u.s . <sec> guatemalan man is a suspect in five rapes in palm beach county , florida .  dna evidence linked the suspect to victims , authorities sa .
 aurora heroes : three who gave their lives <sec> william bennett says three men in colorado shooting died while shielding girlfriends .  he says actions of jon blunk , alex teves , matt mcquinn leave us wondering at their sacrifice .  bennett : it was more than chivalry ; it was a code of honor , an instinct to protect , not run .  bennett : the three had their struggles , showed themselves as good men , real-life heroe .
 how cnn 's dr. gupta treats his carsickness <sec> dr. gupta : fighter pilots said the `` best therapy for me ... was to just throw up '' .  car sickness caused by mismatch between senses , gupta says .  big culprit : watching dvds during road trips .  treatments : keep head up , get fresh air , drink clear soda water , exit ca .
 our dad did n't let evil get the last word <sec> cahill and vanacker : our father was murdered in the fort hood shooting in 2009 .  they ask : what are we doing to prevent these tragic shootings ? .  we need training for our teachers and police officers , they say .  they ask : gun sales are rising , but is commitment to prevention rising with it .
 indian politician denies sending jet for sandals <sec> mayawati denies allegations , says assange is `` mad '' .  she is a hero to millions of low-caste indians .  biographer says allegations may help make her more popula .
 germanwings french alps plane crash : what we know <sec> cnn aviation analyst says this is not a typical emergency incident , but all possibilities are part of probe .  the cause behind the crash of the germanwings plane is unknown .  there are early clues , however , that will be key to investigator .
 humane society : undercover video shows alleged abuse at egg farm <sec> the humane society releases a video it says shows animal abuse at an egg farm .  the undercover video was shot at a texas farm .  the company , cal-maine , says it has been a leader in animal welfare .  cal-maine is the largest egg producer in the united state .
 messi claims world player of the year award for second straight year <sec> lionel messi wins fifa ballon d'or as the world player of the year .  argentina maestro repeating his 2009 triumph in annual poll .  his barcelona teammates xavi and andres iniesta others on three-man shortlist .  real madrid and former inter coach jose mourinho wins coach of the year awar .
 gamers line up by the thousands for playstation 4 launch <sec> fans lined up late thursday to be the first to get a playstation 4 .  the new console launched at midnight to high demand .  rival xbox one will hit the market soon , with november 22 release date .  some say they 're excited to play old favorites with new-console capabilitie .
