 head injury from blunt impact killed actress , official confirms <sec> new : medical examiner rules natasha richardson 's death an accident .  ambulance crew was turned away , company official tells newspaper .  richardson died two days after falling on ski slope .  richardson initially showed no sign of injury , resort statement say .
 we want out of ukraine : donetsk protesters dig in at government building <sec> hundreds of protesters seize a government building in donetsk , eastern ukraine .  they declare `` people 's republic of donetsk , '' call for referendum to secede from ukraine .  ukrainian military says it wo n't retake building yet , but acting president warns of prosecutions .  ukrainian president oleksandr turchynov accuses russia of stoking eastern ukraine tension .
 sebelius : president did n't know of obamacare website 's woes in advance <sec> democratic senator urges obama to extend enrollment , delay `` mandate '' penalty .  sebelius : obama did n't know of issues , despite companies ' complaints , crash during test run .  delaying the website 's launch was `` not really an option , '' sebelius says .  she tells cnn an `` a-team '' of experts coming in , 3 weeks after launc .
 greene indicted on obscenity charges <sec> alvin greene has been indicted on two obscenity charges .  greene is the south carolina democratic senate nominee .  greene was charged in november with showing pornography to college student .  greene tells cnn his lawyer `` is dealing '' with the indictmen .
 how a new psa in stadiums boosts safety <sec> janet napolitano : large , high-profile gatherings can be targeted for violence .  she says the dhs is partnering with sports leagues in releasing a new psa .  it 's the `` if you see something , say something '' program expanded to sports stadiums .  napolitano : program has proven to be effective ; headed off plot .
 dalai lama 's nephew dies in traffic accident <sec> jigme norbu was taking part in a `` walk for tibet '' from st. augustine to west palm beach .  he was walking along a highway in northeast florida when he was hit by a ca .
 facebook timeline draws love , hate ... and creativity <sec> new facebook layout features larger images , life events .  timeline fans and foes are using the new design to express themselves in creative ways .  take a look at some of our favorite profiles in the gallery above .  see more creative timelines on cnn irepor .
 iphone is not our savior <sec> douglas rushkoff : release of new iphone is being touted as a big boost to the economy .  he says such pronouncements make him think more of a hyper-inflated bubble in the making .  he says much of growth comes from carriers subsidizing subscribers ' purchases .  rushkoff : developers , investors obsessed with iphone . .  like other tech booms , it too will pas .
 sisters reunite with family after 16 years behind bars <sec> a governor suspends their sentences , saying one must donate a kidney to the other .  `` you do n't know how many nights i prayed for this , '' their mother says .  the two sisters spent 16 years in prison for armed robbery .  a lawyer says jamie scott is gravely ill and needs a kidney transplan .
 andrew mupuya started with just $ 14 . now he is a paper bag king <sec> andrew mupuya founded yeli , uganda 's first registered paper bag production firm .  he started at 16 after learning about the environmental hazards of plastic bags .  now at 21 , he employes 16 staff that make about 20,000 paper bags a week .  mupuya is the recipient of several awards , including the anzisha priz .
 boeing brings new jobs to florida 's space coast <sec> boeing partners with kennedy space center to establish new headquarters .  the move is expected to bring 140-550 jobs to florida .  florida congresswoman calls partnership `` welcomed news .
 'world 's ugliest dog ' is n't so ugly <sec> photographer bego anton spent time with mugly , the `` world 's ugliest dog '' in 2012 .  she found that despite his unfortunate exterior , mugly is living the life of a movie star .  he also gives back to the community , working as a therapy dog and helping children to rea .
 do something for syria : grassroots efforts help refugees survive <sec> small , grassroots relief efforts help syrian refugees survive a harsh winter . .  the lebanese group `` i am not a tourist '' collected thousands of `` bags of love '' in beirut . .  australians united to collect 100,000 `` sweaters for syria '' in perth . .  you can make an impact for syrian refugees . .  go to cnn.com/impact for large and small ways to help .
 glasgow rangers takeover deal agreed <sec> former sheffield united chief executive charles green agrees rangers takeover deal .  his consortium is made up of investors from the middle east , asia and the far east .  takeover consortium wants to exit administration by company voluntary arrangement .  green promises no investor will owns more than 15 % in the scottish clu .
 nato troops clearing out taliban stronghold , officials say <sec> new : marines clearing taliban 's `` last bastion '' in area from inside out , spokesman says .  new : anti-taliban operation 's progress is `` very smooth , '' u.s. military says .  new : five afghan civilians killed in airstrike not connected to operation moshtarak .  troops in marjah recovered $ 8.7 million worth of raw opium , says embedded cnn reporte .
 conrad murray talks about michael jackson 's death <sec> london 's daily mail and australia 's `` 60 minutes '' interview conrad murray .  `` i did not kill michael jackson , '' murray tells the mail . .  murray 's post-jail interviews mirror what he told cnn from jail in april .  murray shares several intimate details of his treatment of jackson with the newspape .
 netherlands suffer shock loss to czechs in euro qualifier <sec> the netherlands lose their first qualifier in three years after a 2-1 defeat to the czechs .  the result came after the netherlands lost to italy 2-0 in a high-profile friendly .  italy wins at norway for the first time since 1937 , cruising in a 2-0 victory in oslo .  it was the first competitive game in charge for antonio conte , who left juventus in the summe .
 who make up the coalition against isis ? <sec> canada voted to contribute aircraft and personnel in battle against isis .  saudi arabia , the uae and jordan have participated in airstrikes ; netherlands hit isis in iraq .  turkey recently authorized use of military force against isis as isis took nearby towns .  kurdish peshmerga forces are fighting on the ground against isi .
 ryanair posts $ 240m loss on high fuel costs <sec> irish low-cost airline ryanair posts €169 million ( $ 240 million ) loss in last year .  ryanair 's boss michael o'leary said he hoped to see recovery this year .  company said that after stripping out writedowns it made €105 million profi .
 benghazi attack timeline <sec> ambassador christopher stevens was in benghazi to talk to officials about weapons stockpiles .  stevens and information officer holed up in safe room in compound .  two navy seals were killed while fighting off attack on other americans in benghaz .
 university of oklahoma suspends professor amid sexual abuse charges <sec> norman , oklahoma , police say the professor was arrested last week .  dwain pellebon , 54 , is an associate professor of social work .  he faces two complaints of rape in the first degree , one complaint of lewd acts with a chil .
 kerry ceo : ireland as europe 's 'gateway ' <sec> kerry ceo mccarthy says the irish economy will be `` much wiser '' once it recovers .  ireland has a corporation tax of 12.5 % , which is lower than many of its european partners .  mccarthy says that kerry group and ireland have benefited from eu membershi .
 beyonce beach picture furthers pregnancy speculation <sec> beyonce instagrams picture of herself on beach covered in sand .  beyonce has a history of showmanship when it comes to personal announcement .
 gates : pentagon must cut overhead , restrain spending <sec> gates says he 's ordered officials to find savings of 2 to 3 percent in pentagon budget .  defense secretary wants `` root-and-branch '' changes , not just onetime cuts .  the cuts on the way `` will displease powerful people , '' gates says at eisenhower libary .  goal is to shift pentagon 's $ 550 billion annual spending toward war-fighting cost .
 bail set at $ 100,000 for man accused of boston bomb hoax <sec> kevin edson , 25 , is charged with making a false bomb threat and other offenses .  police : edson had a rice cooker near a crowd commemorating boston bombing anniversary .  the suspect had an object in a backpack and was screaming near the crowd , police say .  a bomb squad blew up the rice cooker , and specialists determined it was not a bom .
 three simple ways to make congress work <sec> john avlon says a senate hearing on reforming congress was a positive step .  he says members of congress should n't be paid until they can pass a budget .  the senate should have to vote presidential appointees up or down in 90 days , he says .  avlon : the old practice of a filibuster requiring continuous talk should be brought bac .
 high-end coffee business slows during recession <sec> high-end specialty coffee industry not immune to effects of recession .  many companies still doing well , with some looking to expand .  hundreds of companies from around the world gathered in atlanta for annual expo .  british barista wins world barista championship held in conjunction with exp .
 former assistant to u2 bassist sentenced to 7 years for embezzling $ 3.45 million <sec> carol hawkins , 49 , was the personal assistant to u2 's adam clayton .  `` these were crimes rooted in greed and nothing else , '' the judge says during sentencing .  `` nothing , frankly , could explain away the scale of this dishonesty , '' the judge adds .  hawkins is convicted of 181 counts of theft from clayton 's bank accounts over four year .
 vermont man known for frugal ways donates millions <sec> man known for extreme frugality makes generous donations to local hospital , library . .  robert read served in wwii and worked as a mechanic in vermont . .  read worth millions upon his death last summer .
 uae denies visa to israeli tennis player <sec> new : shahar peer , female israeli tennis player , says she 's `` very , very disappointed '' .  united arab emirates refuses to grant a visa to peer .  peer needed the visa to play in the dubai tennis championships .  world tennis association unhappy , says move runs counter to its polic .
 syria : chemical weapons team faces many dangers , says u.n. chief ban <sec> new : a second team of experts is to be sent to syria , the chemical weapons watchdog says .  ban ki-moon : chemical weapons inspectors face a `` dangerous and volatile '' environment .  u.n. chief says syrian commitment to the mission 's objectives is vital to its success .  syrians began destroying their country 's chemical weapons program sunda .
 the case against amanda knox <sec> the verdict in amanda knox 's appeal will be heard after the defendant statements next week .  american is charged with the murder of british exchange student meredith kercher .  kercher had her throat cut in the house she shared with knox in italy in 2007 .  knox and her former boyfriend raffaele sollecito are fighting to overturn their 2009 conviction .
 jim jones ' followers enthralled by his skills as a speaker <sec> rev . .  jim jones was charismatic founder of the peoples temple .  he enraptured followers with dynamic preaching style , staged faith healings .  jones had sex with followers , abused drugs and cursed at church members .  in 1978 , he persuaded followers to kill children first ; then drink cyanide-laced punc .
 insider tips to make the most of miami <sec> miami is a sprawling city -- you 'll need a car if you want to explore it .  hotel prices can fluctuate wildly between low season and high season .  take a day trip to the everglades or spend some time in the florida key .
 opinion : the terror of 'real time ' <sec> douglas rushkoff : new normal is constant info stream ; we do n't really know how to respond .  he says terror attack coverage kept us in state of unending anxiety with little understanding .  he says new era of 24/7 crises offers steady-state concerns rather than ones with endpoint .  rushkoff : we might as well develop sustainable approaches to solving crises in real tim .
 emmy watch : are major network dramas losing out to cable ? <sec> the emmys will be sunday night at the nokia theater in los angeles .  amc , hbo and showtime have nabbed a huge chunk of the major nods this year .  hbo received 104 nominations , the most of any network for the 11th year in a ro .
 torture claims shadow u.s. war on terror <sec> leading figures in u.s. , europe want the u.s. to answer torture allegations .  claims come from prisoners and the red cross .  so far , president obama has not encouraged inquiries .  other countries faced up to secret crimes , now u.s. needs to decide what to d .
 official resigns after stampede at indian rail station kills 36 <sec> new : a local official resigns , taking responsibility for the disaster .  local media report grim scenes of bodies spread across the floor at the station .  the rail station stampede mars the world 's largest religious festival .  an estimated 40 million hindu pilgrims came to bathe in the ganges rive .
 malaysia to return envoy to new zealand over sex charge <sec> malaysian official who used diplomatic immunity to flee a sex charge caused outcry in new zealand .  new zealand pm john key said he wanted the man to face justice in new zealand .  malaysia said wednesday it would return the official to cooperate with new zealand authorities .  the 38-year-old face charges of assault with attempt to commit rape , and burglar .
 new washington state bridge opens after collapse <sec> temporary span went up within a few weeks of the collapse .  the bridge 's failure severed the state 's main artery to canad .
 doggone it ! man says puppy drove his car into pond <sec> a massachusetts man says his puppy drove his car into a pond .  rosie , a 5-month-old german shepherd , got her leash entangled in the gear shift .  driver and dog emerged wet but unharme .
 opinion : why europe 's unemployment ills need urgent economic medicine <sec> michael marmot says austerity has increased youth unemployment in europe .  marmot argues that unemployment is bad for mental and physical health .  he says resulting social marginality , poverty and homelessness harm health .  unemployment should be a key consideration in macro-economic policy , marmot say .
 uk deaths in afghanistan surpass toll in iraq <sec> uk military deaths in afghanistan now at 184 , five more than in iraq .  15 british lives lost in past 10 days in afghanistan 's helmand province .  uk forces have joined with u.s. , afghan troops in offensive in helmand .  drive in helmand is part of effort to secure country before august election .
 seven days at heathrow : writer 's extra-long lay over <sec> author tony parsons was writer-in-residence at london 's heathrow airport .  he accompanied a heathrow employee hunting rattlesnakes that had got loose on a plane .  given full access to the `` city '' of heathrow , parsons wrote a book about the experienc .
 dream comes true for norway 's fast man kristoff <sec> alexander kristoff wins 12th stage of tour de france .  outduels green jersey holder peter sagan in sprint finish .  vincenzo nibali retains yellow jersey of race leader .  andrew talansky pulls out of stage 11 heroic .
 justice department workers wo n't face furloughs before october <sec> attorney general eric holder says funds have been moved to keep workers on the job .  but forced budget cuts may affect workers when the new fiscal year begins in october .  holder says the cuts will still affect the justice department in other way .
 simon and garfunkel reuniting for tour <sec> source : simon and garfunkel to tour asia , australia this summer .  award-winning duo has had ups and downs since early-'70s split .  pair , known for many hits , last toured in 2003 and 200 .
 tim tebow leads another comeback in madden bowl xviii <sec> tim tebow was part of a three-member `` clutch team '' at ea sports ' madden bowl xviii .  the quarterback says he was just happy to be part of the video game tournament .  ea keeps nfl 's biggest names involved in the tournament , even after they hang up their cleat .
 opinion : are you a bigot if you oppose same-sex marriage ? <sec> cnn opinion podcast features `` big three '' issues , three commentators .  margaret hoover asks if it 's fair to call opponents of same-sex marriage bigots .  dean obeidallah : politicians used to disappear after a scandal ; now they live on .  john avlon : michele bachmann 's political woes complicated by staff turnove .
 satire no joke for egypt 's jon stewart , bassem youssef <sec> bassem youssef is a visiting fellow at harvard working on `` political satire and humor '' .  egypt 's jon stewart had program that ran for three years in post-arab spring days .  `` there is room for satire and comedy as long as it 's acceptable '' by those in control , he say .
 'avengers : age of ultron ' trailer might make you squee <sec> the official `` avengers : age of ultron '' teaser trailer has arrived .  it was leaked online wednesday .  after the leak , marvel unveiled the official version a week earl .
 confessions of a taxi driver <sec> a passenger 's situation dictates the quickest way to get a cab .  taxi magic , an iphone app , can help you catch a cab easily .  taxis drive past you at night because they ca n't see you .  leave sporting events before the end of the game to get a cab quicke .
 more snow-stranded schoolchildren in south get home <sec> all atlanta kids are either home or headed that way , school spokeswoman says .  georgia , alabama students stuck at school , on buses as weather hammers south .  district : in hoover , alabama , about 4,000 students sheltered in schools wednesday .  dad walked 6 miles to elementary school to spend night with daughte .
 reid snatches historic first world cup point for new zealand <sec> winston reid heads injury-time equalizer to give new zealand first point at any world cup .  kiwis draw 1-1 with slovakia in rustenburg to leave all four teams level in group f .  striker robert vittek had headed slovakia into the lead five minutes after halftime .  reid responded from a cross by shane smeltz in third minute of time added o .
 happy birthday , willie nelson ! <sec> willie nelson turns 80 today .  in addition to being a songwriter and singer he co-created farm aid .  nelson will be playing a concert on his birthda .
 rivers ' garbageman named cnn hero of the year <sec> chad pregracke is the 2013 cnn hero of the year .  he has made it his mission to clean up the mississippi river and other u.s. waterways .  for being named hero of the year , pregracke receives $ 250,000 to continue his work .  pregracke pledged to give $ 10,000 to each of the other top 10 heroe .
 desmond tutu says blair , bush should be 'made to answer ' for iraq <sec> the nobel laureate publishes a scathing editorial in the observer newspaper .  he accuses tony blair and george w. bush of fabricating a motive to invade iraq .  blair responds , saying they never lied about the intelligence .  tutu pulled out of a conference in johannesburg to protest blair 's attendance last wee .
 five of the best seaside film locations <sec> environmentalists were worried thai beach phi phi leh would be damaged during filming of `` the beach '' .  positano was used as the inspiration for a fictional port in `` the talented mr ripley '' .  one of the most famous scenes of the modern james bond franchise was filmed in spai .
 heavy rain halts rbc heritage with k.j . choi in lead <sec> adverse weather halted day two of the rbc heritage in south carolina .  k.j . .  choi ended the day as leader in the clubhouse with a morning round of 67 .  a chasing pack including australia 's robert allenby will aim to complete their second round on saturday mornin .
 netanyahu asks u.n. to draw 'red line ' on iran 's nuclear plans <sec> iran calls israeli prime minister 's speech `` baseless '' .  u.s. and israel agree to continue to consult on iran after clinton-netanyahu meeting .  netanyahu holds up a drawing of a bomb and draws a red line beneath the fuse .  `` we are not attempting to delegitimize them , they are trying to delegitimize us , '' abbas says of israe .
 where do people live the longest ? <sec> monaco has highest life expectancy in world at 89.73 , cia world factbook says .  average life expectancy in world is 67.07 years ; the united states is 78.37 years .  angola ranks last in life expectancy at 38.76 , cia world factbook say .
 more authors turn to web and print-on-demand publishing <sec> print-on-demand means digital copies only get printed when someone buys a book .  lisa genova decided to self-publish after her book was turned down by agents .  melinda roberts found success after self-publishing her book .  web-based publishing companies are challenging traditional publishing house .
 quiet in transfer window but man united announces record revenue <sec> manchester united announces a club record annual revenue of $ 580 million .  the english premier league champion also says sponsorship revenue increased 44 percent .  but most united fans are disappointed the team did n't buy more players in the summer .  united was linked with cristiano ronaldo , cesc fabregas and ander herrer .
 injured messi ruled out for six weeks <sec> barcelona striker lionel messi is ruled out for six weeks with a thigh injury .  the argentine sustained the injury in tuesday night 's 1-0 victory over celtic .  it is third time in the last three years that messi has suffered the same injur .
