 sewer escape throws mafia police off scent <sec> italian mafia suspect may have escaped through the sewer pipes , reports say . .  setola is allegedly head of killing team run by the powerful casalesi clan .  tunnel found connecting to sewer system in the nearby town of casert .
 justice department probes missing irs emails <sec> republicans believe emails could shed light on possible irs targeting of conservative groups .  the email probe is part of a larger doj investigation of agency targeting .  former irs official lois lerner is at the center of the email controvers .
 opinion : my dad carried the pain of war , alone <sec> james kindall : war veterans have tales , sometimes harrowing ; many ca n't tell them .  others ca n't understand , he says ; it was like this with his father , who served in ww ii .  he says sometimes , though , he 'd share stories of friends killed , of nearly losing leg .  kindall : dad did n't enjoy veterans day . .  when parade passed , he only saw friends los .
 parent survey says social networks do n't protect kids ' privacy <sec> survey : 75 percent of parents rate social networks ' privacy protections as `` negative '' .  more than 90 percent of parents polled are concerned that teens share too much .  common sense media is the poll 's sponso .
 navigating injury : can gps help reduce player burnout ? <sec> fifa rules do not allow the use of gps during football matches .  governing body recently committed $ 75 million to player injury insurance policy .  sports scientist craig duncan says gps could help cut down on number of player injuries .  exercise physiologist raymond verheijen believes as many as 80 % of injuries are preventabl .
 murray crushes federer in shanghai final <sec> andy murray crushes roger federer in a one-sided final for victory in the shanghai masters .  the british world number four takes under 90 minutes to complete a 6-3 6-2 win .  despite the defeat , federer will return to second place in the latest atp ranking .
 al-shabaab attack on somali police station kills at least 12 <sec> islamist group al-shabaab claims responsibility .  car bomb explodes at gate of police station in beledweyne , somalia .  al-shabaab fighters then enter compound , exchange fire with police and au troops .  six somali policemen and four djiboutian peacekeepers among the dead , police sa .
 to disney and beyond : the rise of animation <sec> animation is now a multi-billion-dollar industry .  movie franchises like shrek , toy story boost appeal to both adults and kids .  dreamworks , warner bros target slice of disney pixar 's succes .
 the world according to sepp : fifa president 's own goals and gaffes <sec> fifa has cleared russia and qatar over allegations of wrongdoing .  lead investigator michael garcia to appeal against 42-page summary .  fifa president sepp blatter has history of gaffes .  world football 's governing body under fire once agai .
 jail officers accused of accepting bribes , teaming with gang <sec> in all , 27 baltimore correctional officers have been charged in the scheme .  they face drug possession and distribution charges .  in once case , a guard had a prisoner 's name tattooed on her wrist , indictment says .  some correctional officers allegedly traded sex for mone .
 why iraq elections ca n't fix chaos left behind by u.s . <sec> iraqis have been voting in the first election since u.s. troop withdrawal in 2011 .  iraq has dysfunctional system put in place after u.s. invaded in 2003 , writes fawaz gerges .  dominant social groups have fought over the division of political spoils , he adds .  gerges : vote is important milestone but is unlikely to resolve severe political crisi .
 first look inside the airbus a350 xwb <sec> airbus put its a350 xwb test aircraft , with its bare bones cabin , on display at the singapore air show .  for now , flights strictly reserved for crew and mechanics .  first fit-out of an a350 with a proper cabin is expected next mont .
 islamic phone features 29 quran translations ; points to mecca <sec> a new quran mobile phone launched in india last month .  india is home to about 180 million muslims .  the enmac phone enables muslims to read the quran anywhere .  it also lets them calculate alms , find mecca and silence their phones automatically at prayer time .
 student : i was expelled because i married another woman <sec> woman went to southwestern christian university on a sports scholarship .  letter : an official says minard 's marriage to another woman violates school policy .  minard admits signing a morality pact , but thinks she 's singled out for being lesbian .  she says you can `` have faith in god and live a gay lifestyle .
 for holocaust survivors , letters are lifesaving <sec> zane buzby visited eastern europe to bring supplies to elderly holocaust survivors .  buzby : `` there were no cars ... it was something out of 'fiddler on the roof . ' .  `` .  her nonprofit provides financial aid and friendship to elderly holocaust survivors .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2014 cnn heroe .
 'vampire diaries ' spinoff pilot coming to the cw <sec> the cw is officially developing a spinoff for `` vampire diaries '' .  the story centers around the original family of vampires and stars joseph morgan ( klaus ) .  phoebe tonkin , who plays sexy werewolf hayley on `` tvd , '' is also set to sta .
 why chinese collectors are heading to london to buy up chinese art <sec> newly-wealthy chinese make yearly pilgrimage to asian art in london week .  major auction houses selling sought-after chinese antiques .  vase at bonhams expected to sell for more than $ 8 million .  london has `` phenomenal level of expertise '' that keeps chinese coming bac .
 'justice for daisy ' demand hundreds in missouri rape case <sec> hundreds gather in small missouri town in support of girl who says she was raped .  family left town after the alleged assault , saying they were harrassed .  special prosecutor was appointed after different prosecutor dropped charges .  the alleged victim says she was raped when she was 1 .
 italian prosecutor releases execution video in attempt to find killer <sec> video shows man shoot another man twice outside naples store during day .  passers-by appear unfazed by shooting in neighborhood where organized crime is strong .  `` unfortunately , this is not an anomaly in naples , '' police spokesman says .  italy 's green party offers reward for information on shooter and accomplic .
 new year , new rooney as united stay top <sec> wayne rooney scores for first time in open play since march 2010 to earn manchester united 2-1 win .  rivals manchester city keep up pressure on united with 1-0 win over blackpool .  arsenal ease past birmingham 3-0 at st andrews to stay two points off leaders .  liverpool defeat bolton 2-1 at anfield ; west ham off the bottom with 2-0 win over wolve .
 lagarde vs. rehn : needed debate , or dangerous split ? <sec> divisions are appearing among key players responsible for the eurozone 's austerity program .  international monetary fund and the european commission at odds over best way forward .  imf wants to give greece more time after a new study suggest austerity is hurting growth .  rehn : `` the findings can be disputed and i am looking forward to extensive negotiations .
 palace of the damned dictator : the ceausescu trail <sec> ceausescu was killed on december 25 , 1989 amid an uprising against his communist regime .  the former dictator 's parliamentary palace is said to be the world 's third largest building by volume .  today the building houses romania 's senate and chamber of deputies , but 70 % still stands empt .
 california drought : gov . jerry brown issues water rules <sec> pepperdine university seeks ways to meet new usage allowances , turns off fountains .  drought-stricken california for the first time imposes water restrictions .  executive order demands that cities and towns reduce water usage by 25 .
 'guitar hero : warriors of rock ' unleashes the nerd <sec> `` warriors of rock '' sets a metal playlist to a fantasy-driven quest play mode .  brendon small says metal musicians are nerds .  integral to the quest play mode is the entire `` 2112 '' rock suite from rus .
 4 killed as typhoon approaches japan <sec> typhoon roke approaches japan , expected to make landfall midafternoon wednesday .  4 deaths in nagoya attributed to storm .  about 1 million people have been urged to evacuate nagoya .  several flights canceled ; some trains not runnin .
 french president hollande picks moderate cabinet <sec> new : `` it 's the change the french wanted , '' prime minister ayrault says .  most of the ministers are considered moderates .  17 of the 34 ministers and junior ministers are women .  very few served under francois mitterran .
 opinion : yahoo wants tumblr 's teens <sec> douglas rushkoff : web giant yahoo bought tumblr for $ 1 billion to attract young people .  he says kids use mobile web far more than desktop that requires heavier engagement .  now that it 's been swallowed , tumblr risks turning uncool , he says .  rushkoff : kids ' tweets about end of an era show challenge of being bought by yaho .
 playstation 4 : what gamers like , loathe <sec> gamers react to news about the new playstation 4 .  some do n't like new social sharing , according to reactions they shared via social sites .  demos for new game titles draw digital drooling .  but others ask -- where 's the ps4 console .
 french military joins search for abducted family in cameroon <sec> new : french gendarmes have been sent to the abduction site , cnn affiliate reports .  france and cameroon suspect the nigerian militant group boko haram .  the kidnapping raises fears of retaliation for french military action in mal .
 thai fury as thaksin arrives in cambodia <sec> ousted thai pm thaksin shinawatra arrives in cambodia to work as economic adviser .  thai officials say they will issue extradition request for thaksin .  thailand suspends cooperation with cambodia , withdraws ambassador .  thaksin fled thailand last year while awaiting trial on corruption charge .
 obama military request carries risks ( opinion ) <sec> president obama has sent military force request to congress .  julian zelizer : congress must be extraordinarily vigilant on wordin .
 syrian government denies holding missing journalist , father says <sec> austin tice 's parents urge anyone with leads to e-mail information @ austintice.com .  missing american journalist 's parents say they 'd go to syria if necessary to find son .  they 've already gone to lebanon to seek his release .  father : syrian government told family that it does n't know where missing journalist i .
 hollywood 's irrational allergy to 'black ' films <sec> george lucas has been on a 23-year odyssey to get `` red tails '' into theaters .  the world war ii action film features a predominantly black cast .  hollywood has a rocky history with perceived `` black '' films , roland martin says .  the studios should market good movies , not pigeonhole them , martin say .
 latin american drug cartels find home in west africa <sec> guinea-bissau , fifth-poorest nation in the world , is called africa 's first narco-state .  officials : at least nine latin american drug cartels have set up bases in west africa .  west africa has little law enforcement , making it easier for traffickers there .  more money can be made selling drugs to europe than to the u.s. , officials sa .
 philippine toll from typhoon above 700 and likely to rise , authorities say <sec> the numbers of dead and missing are likely to rise further , an official warns .  typhoon bopha has so far killed 714 people in the philippines .  another 890 people are missing , including hundreds of fishermen .  hundreds of thousands of survivors have been severely affected by the destructio .
 apple to kill ipod classic , shuffle ? <sec> report : apple will discontinue ipod classic and shuffle .  the unofficial apple weblog says a source confirmed the plan .  last year , every ipod got a big update except for the classic mode .
 fx developing comedy with billy crystal <sec> fx has greenlit a comedy pilot that will star billy crystal .  he 'll play a veteran comic who 's paired with a younger , edgier performer on a sketch show .  the pilot is expected to begin production this summe .
 can nintendo 's 'brain training ' really boost your little gray cells ? <sec> nintendo 's `` brain training '' has sold over 10 million copies worldwide .  the gaming giant is breaking into new markets with its ds-lite console .  did `` brain training '' make our reporter smarter ? .  well , it got her hooked.. .
 opinion : feminism is no longer a dirty word <sec> the face of feminism , gloria steinem , turns 80 on tuesday .  carol costello says feminism is popular with young women , who reject stereotypes .  rush limbaugh railed against sandra fluke , but his jibes cut little weight with many , she says .  young women see the value in speaking out against gender bias , she say .
 schwarzenegger signs california 's 'chelsea 's law ' <sec> an urgency clause makes the law immediately effective .  the law was named for a teen murdered by a registered sex offender .  chelsea 's killer also admitted killing amber duboi .
 answers to quiz : are you a genius ? <sec> see the answers to an informal quiz designed by mensa .  if you get 9 of the 10 questions right , you may be mensa material .  click here for the question .
 federer captures seventh wimbledon title <sec> roger federer wins his seventh wimbledon title beating andy murray 4-6 7-5 6-3 6-4 .  federer matches pete sampras ' wimbledon record with his latest victory .  murray suffers his fourth defeat in major finals as his loss is felt by partisan crowd .  federer has now won 17 grand slam titles and regains the world no . .  1 rankin .
 woman tackles world 's longest triathlon <sec> norma bastidas plans to swim , bike and run 3,762 miles .  she 's running toward washington , where her journey ends .  bastidas says she hopes to raise awareness about human traffickin .
 van persie and hernandez give man utd winning start to 2013 <sec> manchester utd beat wigan 4-0 to stay seven points clear in epl .  second placed manchester city ease past stoke to keep pace .  tottenham back into third spot with 3-1 home win over reading .  arsenal held at southampton in late kick off on new year 's da .
 mcdaniel presses mississippi primary fight with cochran <sec> lawyers for state sen. chris mcdaniel file appeal with the mississippi supreme court .  judge ruled mcdaniel waited too long to file a challenge to the gop 's june 24 primary runoff .  sen. thad cochran narrowly won the gop runoff .  mcdaniel 's campaign argues cochran benefited from widespread election frau .
 prince william enrolls in agriculture classes at cambridge <sec> duke of cambridge will attend a 10-week agriculture management course .  classes will help the duke understand issues affecting agricultural the united kingdom .  william takes over the duchy of cornwall when charles becomes kin .
 global manhunt for accidental millionaires focuses on hong kong <sec> manhunt for couple who fled after bank mistakenly paid them nz $ 10 million .  new zealand authorities seeking interpol 's help to locate the couple .  police believe the couple flew to hong kon .
 panel prods fda to restrict hydrocodone , ingredient in prescription painkillers <sec> an advisory panel recommends that hydrocodone be more restricted .  panel : hydrocodone , a schedule iii drug , should be under more restrictive schedule ii .  the fda could limit how much hydrocodone a patient could get between doctor visits .  the fda has not said when it would act on the recommendatio .
 australia 's tony abbott downs beer in 7 seconds <sec> some observers applaud abbott 's beer swilling in a pub full of sportsmen .  the prime minister last year criticized binge drinking culture in australi .
 giddy-up for miss rodeo america , beauty pageant queen chenae shiner <sec> introducing miss rodeo america -- the `` ultimate cowgirl '' .  each year , cowgirls from across the u.s. compete in the ultimate rodeo crown .  contestants must ride unfamiliar horses in front of hundreds of spectators .  2013 winner , chenae shiner from utah , talks about life in the saddl .
 faa halts certain runway operations after reagan national airport mishap <sec> lack of protocols for switching runway traffic patterns led to temporary halt , faa says .  in incident at reagan airport , southbound plane got too close to two northbound planes .  faa : planes were never on head-to-head collision cours .
 source : landing gear , wheels , brakes possible cause of crash <sec> new : investigators should be able to listen to cockpit audio by tonight .  wheels on jet may have locked up , causing jet to veer , source says .  passenger : gate officials told passengers of `` engine problems '' .  continental jet veers off runway while attempting to take off from denver airpor .
 2 sisters from texas , family from connecticut perish in nigeria crash <sec> josephine and jennifer onita were smart and full of promise .  their elder sister says she has lost her confidantes .  maimuna anyene of hartford , connecticut , was killed with her entire family .  the doomed flight 's captain , peter waxtan , had flown for spirit airline .
 fox developing 'shogun , ' o.j . simpson murder trial miniseries <sec> fox just announced two projects in development based on best-selling books .  james clavell 's classic novel shōgun will inspire a fox `` event series '' .  jeffrey toobin 's o.j . .  simpson book , `` the run of his life '' will also become a serie .
 fall tv fashion : outfitting 'gossip girl ' <sec> eric daman is the costume designer on `` gossip girl , '' which is heading into its sixth season .  daman is bringing back blair waldorf 's headbands after countless pleas from fans .  viewers can expect to see fall colors and delicate jewelry on season 6 , daman said .  he 's also outfitting `` the carrie diaries , '' a `` sex and the city '' prequel to air on the c .
 arkansas school board member to resign over anti-gay post <sec> new : clint mccance says his wife and children have left state over safety concerns .  clint mccance apologies for remarks , calls them `` ignorant '' .  `` i would never support suicide for any kids , '' he says after advocating suicide for homosexual .
 gorbachev : gadhafi risks being run out of libya <sec> gadhafi is `` using the military ... against defenseless people , '' mikhail gorbachev says .  europe , u.s. need to `` respond to this situation very responsibly , '' he says .  former soviet leader also has harsh criticism for dmitry medvedev and vladimir putin .  the russian leaders are to blame for russia 's `` fake '' democratic institutions , he say .
 jetstar airways uses feng shui to match passengers <sec> low-cost airline jetstar airways is launching a campaign to match single fliers with compatible feng shui .  single passengers can join a contest to win an overseas blind date with another flie .
 world 's most expensive f1 helmet sold by ... sebastian vettel <sec> sebastian vettel 's formula one helmet reaches record price at london auction .  the glittering , gold helmet sells for $ 118,000 .  all the money raised goes to the wings for life charity .  vettel wore the helmet on his way to victory at the 2013 german grand pri .
 shale gas boom sparks eu coal revival <sec> u.s. shale gas boom having knock-on effect in europe , despite eu environmental policies .  fracking revolution pushed down us natural gas prices , leading electricity generators to switch from coal .  us coal has displaced more expensive gas in europe as feedstock for power stations .  experts believe coal 's european revival will be shortlive .
 dead or alive ? rumors of kim jong un 's aunt persist <sec> a north korean defector said last year kim kyung hee had died .  but some say there is no evidence that she is decease .
 after flag-raising on island , 14 chinese held in japan <sec> 14 chinese activists arrested by japanese authorities at disputed islands .  japan calls `` senkaku islands '' its sovereign territory ; china claims `` diaoyu '' islands as its own .  six arrested are from hong kong , including former politician , immigration department says .  china and hong kong demand immediate release ; incident coincides with wwii anniversar .
 teen 's dramatic recovery after smoking synthetic marijuana <sec> emily bauer nearly died after her family says she smoked synthetic marijuana .  the 17-year-old is in a wheelchair and partially blind , but she returned to school recently .  75 people in colorado may have become sickened after smoking synthetic marijuana .  synthetic marijuana is an herbal mixture sprayed with chemical .
 blackwater era ending in iraq <sec> the firm 's contract was not renewed after a 2007 shooting in baghdad .  the iraqi government says 17 civilians were killed without provocation .  ex-security guards face charges in u.s. ; company does n't face any charges .  another firm takes over company 's security services contract in baghda .
