 pm vucic : 'serbia is once again an open society ' <sec> serbia hosted the third meeting of heads of government of china and central and eastern europe this week .  cnn 's paula newton interviewed the serbian prime minister aleksandar vucic ahead of the summi .
 quake witnesses : there was little time to act <sec> new : cnn ireporter says many homes destroyed in her santiago neighborhood .  new : witness to previous quakes said this one was strongest , most long-lasting .  luke mescher , a u.s. college student , was with host family in chile when quake hi .
 eu finance ministers discuss irish debt crisis <sec> finance and economic ministers are meeting in brussels .  ireland 's financial sector is at risk of collapse because of massive debt .  external support to bail out ireland is one option being considere .
 china links islamic terrorist group to tiananmen square crash <sec> a chinese official says a separatist group is `` the instigator behind the scenes '' .  the east turkestan islamic movement has been blamed for past unrest .  the crash in tiananmen square this week killed five people and wounded 40 .  police say they have arrested five suspects in the cas .
 at least 46 people killed in india building collapse <sec> new : the death toll rises to 46 , according to police .  rescuers are still searching through the rubble , police say .  the first four floors of the building were illegally occupied , authorities say .  police have registered a homicide case against the builder , a cnn affiliate report .
 how to help storm victims <sec> severe weather wreaks havoc across central u.s . .  the red cross is working at shelters and in areas of devastation .  the salvation army has launched a tornado relief fun .
 everton fight back to deny tottenham <sec> everton recover from 2-0 behind to earn a 2-2 premier league draw with tottenham .  jermain defoe misses an injury time penalty to give the visitors all three points .  bobby zamora scores the only goal to give fulham a 1-0 victory at home to sunderlan .
 guadeloupe : 15 gorgeous reasons to go <sec> in the eastern caribbean , guadeloupe is a perennially overlooked paradise .  new flights from the united states may change its tourist profile .  the five-island group is an overseas region of france .  french traditionally make up more than 80 % of all tourists to guadeloup .
 what politicians could learn from nascar tweet <sec> brad todd : nascar driver 's viral tweet monday could be instructive for politicians .  he says tweet of track fire spiked driver 's traffic ; made him instantly a most-followed .  he says politicians should try more to connect with voters in this same `` in-the-moment '' way .  todd : politicians should write their own tweets ; they should be organi .
 kerry agrees to testify on benghazi attack <sec> kerry was subpoenaed by house oversight committee to appear .  the panel says new information on the attack prompted its request for testimony .  the terror attack in benghazi killed four americans .  new : oversight committee hearing set for june 1 .
 ireporters sacrifice square footage <sec> ireporters share their experiences of living in a small space .  kate meinhardt lived aboard a circus train as an animal handler .  jim smith traded in his home for a 25-foot sailboat .  ireport.com : do you live in a small space .
 solar power heats up energy possibilities <sec> concentrated solar power projects in spain leading field in that form of green energy .  potential of csp in desert regions around the globe ; more benefits than power .  plans to transform sara ha would involve huge costs ; small projects breaking throug .
 chris brown kicked out of rehab for `` acting violently '' in rehab <sec> chris brown must spend the next 90 days in a rehab facility , judge says .  the rehab is part of a deal brown 's lawyer reached with the prosecutor .  brown 's probation officer recommended the singer be ordered to rehab .  his arrest in washington still threatens brown 's freedo .
 kennedys , bushes and ... dingells ? american political dynasties <sec> politics is often a family business -- not exactly what the founding fathers intended .  nonetheless , our country has a long history of political dynasties .  the kennedy , bush , and clinton families are just a few of the political dynasties .  the dingells have been in congress since the great depressio .
 'mad scientist ' to build greener future with 'megacrete ' <sec> pliny fisk hopes to revolutionize how homes and office buildings are built .  his recent project is an environmentally friendly cement called `` megacrete '' .  it will hold together building modules created from local and regional materials .  fisk : `` to be free to do what we 're doing is absolute magic .
 michael schumacher out of coma and transferred to rehab <sec> michael schumacher transferred to a hospital in switzerland for rehab .  seven-time f1 world champion is no longer in a coma .  he suffered a severe head injury while skiing in france in late decembe .
 issa summons jonathan gruber to capitol hill hearing <sec> rep. darrell issa called jonathan gruber to testify before a house committee .  gruber said obamacare passed in part because of the `` stupidity of the american voter '' .  president barack obama has distanced himself from gruber and the remark .
 india names iranian suspects in israeli car bombing <sec> indian police are looking for three iranian suspects in last month 's bombing in new delhi .  incidents occurred in tbilisi , georgia , and bangkok , thailand .  tehran denies any involvement in the attack .
 seoul hotels at war over dessert <sec> park hyatt seoul debuted the first luxury `` bingsu '' shaved-ice dessert three years ago .  since then , seoul luxury hotels have been battling to roll out the best bingsu .  it 's not just a vanity chase -- dessert sales are big business .  hotels are debuting fancy new bingsu this summe .
 king tut 's 'virtual autopsy ' reveals surprises <sec> virtual autopsy of king tut shows egyptian ruler 's body .  scientists used ct scans to create king tut image .  researchers believe king tut had clubfoot , malari .
 mich. police : craigslist contact leads to murders <sec> dead are a pregnant teen , her boyfriend -- and the suspect in their murders .  michigan authorities say the young couple and the suspected killer met online .  the couple apparently agreed to sex for money with the suspect , police say .  authorities discover an arsenal of weapons and ammunition at the dead suspect 's hom .
 turkey resignations : corruption or fight with islamic cleric in u.s. ? <sec> recep tayyip erdogan announces a cabinet reshuffle .  three ministers resign after their sons were detained in recent days .  prime minister blames the instability in his government on political rivals .  but prosecutors in istanbul have said corruption is the proble .
 man escapes charges for barbecuing pet dog <sec> man had roasted his pet dog to enjoy as a meal with his family and friends .  man 's family is from tonga where eating a dog is not uncommon .  new zealand authorities determine dog killed humanely , do n't prosecute him .  in new zealand it is legal to kill an animal if it is slaughtered swiftly and painlessl .
 small drinks promise big energy , but experts say effects unclear <sec> 5-hour energy promises energy , alertness without jitters to fatigued americans .  each bottle contains caffeine , high doses of b vitamins , and `` energy blend '' .  expert : no research of how the ingredients react togethe .
 would you pay for hotel wi-fi ? you have your say <sec> many hotels charge for wi-fi -- we asked what you think of hotel internet fees .  many of you said wi-fi should come free as standard .  some of you approved of tiered payments for different types of usag .
 kerber emulates graf with paris open triumph <sec> angelique kerber claims maiden wta tour title .  she beats marian bartoli in final of paris open .  first german to win tournament since steffi graf in 1995 .  serbia and austria secure passage to davis cup last eigh .
 q & a : what do wikileak documents tell us ? <sec> documents reveal unprecedented wealth of detail about afghan war .  analysis suggests discrepancies between documents , reporting at the time .  documents suggest pakistan 's inter-services intelligence backs taliban .  u.s. military leaders say documents could put troops at ris .
 u.s. diplomat died 'doing what she loved ' in afghanistan <sec> kerry : anne smedinghoff was killed by a `` wanton terrorist '' .  she is believed to be the first u.s. diplomat killed since last year 's attack in libya .  mother : in a recent conversation , anne smedinghoff was `` exuberant '' about her work .  `` she really thought there was a lot to be done '' in afghanistan , her mother recall .
 gambling with god : staking a wager on the next pope <sec> milan 's angelo scola is odds-on favorite to be elected as next pope .  ghana 's turkson , canada 's ouellet also in top five for uk bookmakers .  betting on next pope `` biggest non-sporting event of year , '' says irish bookmaker .  bono , richard dawkins , silvio berlusconi among underdogs offered by bookmaker .
 former israeli prime minister ehud olmert sentenced in bribery scandal <sec> a judge says ehud olmert took bribes from a developer while he was mayor of jerusalem .  the developer had been previously convicted of bribing olmert and other official .
 no charges against matthew fox for party bus battle <sec> `` the prosecutor 's office has decided not to charge , '' spokeswoman for cleveland mayor says .  bus driver heather bormann accused fox of assaulting her in august .  reps for fox have never returned repeated cnn calls for comment on the allegation .
 richard iii 's last battle : new 'war of the roses ' over royal remains ? <sec> remains of richard iii , last english king to die in battle , excavated exactly a year ago .  rediscovery of long-lost skeleton was greeted with elation by history enthusiasts .  battle now raging over where bones will be reburied ; leicester or york are likely sites .  judge in the case warns sides against waging undignified `` war of the roses 2 .
 rove : bush did n't 'lie us into war ' <sec> in new book , karl rove says u.s. would not have gone to war if wmds would n't be found .  rove defends use of enhanced interrogation techniques , claims they prevented terror attacks .  rove opens up about bush 's response to hurricane katrina , dick chene .
 chavez returns to cuba for medical treatment <sec> state media : hugo chavez will receive several sessions of hyperbaric oxygen therapy .  chavez is in cuba for `` medical treatments , '' state media reports .  the president says he is cancer-free , but some doubt that .  his health has been a closely guarded secre .
 scottish fish and chip shop is uk 's best <sec> scottish fish and chip shop visited by prince william named best in uk .  sales of uk 's national dish up despite country slipping into recession .  276 million meals eaten every year in uk , according to industry figure .
 barack obama 's speech wo n't sell americans on syria <sec> aaron miller : speech could not sell skeptical americans on need for action on syria .  he says speech could n't convince war-weary citizens that u.s. interests at stake .  he says obama 's handling of syria issue has not inspired confidence .  miller : a strike would have to be broader than obama describing , and americans fear thi .
 northeast flooding sets records <sec> pawtuxet river in cranston , rhode island may crest 11 feet above flood stage .  storm system `` just did n't move '' once it formed , hydrologist said .  sewage treatment plants around rhode island swamped .  power outages , road closings and airport delays also blamed on stor .
 what to tell kids about ray rice ( opinion ) <sec> catherine pearlman : ray rice was hometown hero in her town of new rochelle .  her kids , like many others , revered him . .  how to explain abusive video they 've all seen ? .  she says it 's crucial to discuss : explain what domestic abuse is ; that it 's never ok to hit .  pearlman : tell them people are complex , flawed , can be helped . .  demonstrate love at hom .
 balotelli earns ban as milan slip up <sec> mario balotelli will miss ac milan 's crucial match against italian rivals napoli .  striker was booked during sunday 's 2-2 draw with 10-man fiorentina .  result leaves milan four points behind second-placed napoli .  in spain , third -placed atletico madrid draw at getafe after having two men sent of .
 close call in space -- comet siding spring buzzes mars <sec> siding spring came within 87,000 miles of mars ; that 's close for a comet flyby .  nasa protected its spacecraft orbiting the planet by having them hide .  the first of three nasa orbiters reported to be in good healt .
 obama pledges support for veterans , families <sec> new : president obama calls the denigration of vietnam veterans a `` national shame '' .  `` america will be there for you , '' obama tells veterans and their families .  memorial day launches a 13-year commemoration of the vietnam war 's 50th anniversary .  obama lays a wreath to the fallen at arlington national cemeter .
 an easy out for athletes in harvard scandal ? <sec> harvard is embroiled in a cheating scandal involving 125 students , many varsity athletes .  nicolaus mills : memo advised athletes how to work around losing a year of athletic eligibility .  mills : college 's successful basketball program has been plagued by controversy .  mills : west point gutted its football team to be fair to all during its cheating scanda .
 mindy mccready 's son found in arkansas <sec> the singer is found hiding in a closet with her son .  the house in arkansas was under surveillance before the 5-year-old was found .  mccready took her son late last month , but she does not have legal custod .
 nfl domestic violence cases lead some to # boycottnfl <sec> a women 's rights group calls for the nfl commissioner 's resignation at a giants game .  california lt. gov . .  gavin newsom : the 49ers should bench ray mcdonald .  reports : ray rice is expected to appeal his indefinite suspension monday .  the nfl recently enacted tougher punishments for domestic violenc .
 imam from trinidad convicted of planning attack on jfk airport <sec> imam kareem ibrahim was convicted of planning to blow up jfk airport .  ibrahim now faces the possibility of life in prison .  he was arrested in 2007 ; two co-defendants already received life sentence .
 penguin rescue operation under way after south atlantic oil spill <sec> rescuers are struggling to save tens of thousands of northern rockhopper penguins .  the penguins are threatened by an oil spill following a shipwreck near remote island chain .  at least 300 penguins have died since the spill , local officials sa .
 arizona sheriff rebuts federal allegations of discrimination against latinos <sec> new : sheriff joe arpaio suggests justice department probe is politically motivated .  justice department letter details slurs and profanities used against hispanics .  feds probe how sheriff 's office handled 432 cases of sexual assault and child molestation .  assistant attorney general say sheriff 's office failed to cooperate in the prob .
 the 10 warning signs of alzheimer 's <sec> early diagnosis is key for helping alzheimer 's patients , experts say .  16 online alzheimer 's tests scored poorly on scientific validity , reliability and ethics .  rather than diagnose alzheimer 's disease at home , head to the doctor 's offic .
 british banker charged in hong kong killings <sec> the suspect , rurik jutting , appears before a hong kong court but does n't enter a plea .  the 29-year-old briton , who recently left his job at bank of america , faces two murder charges .  both victims were indonesian ; one body was found inside a suitcase .  police describe a violent and bloody scene inside a luxury highrise buildin .
 the human , funny side of sally ride <sec> former astronaut kathy sullivan was sally ride 's classmate , colleague and crewmate .  sullivan says ride loved pranks , was master of the clever , perfectly timed retort .  ride will be remembered for her contributions to science and spaceflight , she says .  but ride 's best legacy , she writes , is her work inspiring young people to study science .
 observers : romney olympic horse could be political liability <sec> ann romney 's dressage horse made its olympic debut thursday .  ann romney began riding horses to help lessen the symptoms of multiple sclerosis .  a new ad by liberal group moveon.org pokes fun at the horse .  conservative commentator has suggested olympic horse was a questionable political mov .
 even 'office cat ' knew about hacking , ex-journalist testifies <sec> reporter tells court he was hired for his phone hacking skills at now-defunct tabloid .  reporter has confessed to hacking into actor daniel craig 's voice mail .  ex-tabloid editor among seven on trial accused of phone hacking crimes .  phone hacking trial of former news of the world editors under way in londo .
 methodist jury convicts pastor for officiating son 's same-sex wedding <sec> frank schaefer found guilty by jury of ordained clergy on two counts .  church officials had asked him not to officiate future gay weddings ; he refused .  he faces receiving a reprimand or suspension up to a full defrockin .
 official : all malaysian remains from flight mh17 id 'd <sec> official : allahyarhamah puan sri siti amirah prawira kusuma is last malaysian id 'd .  fifteen crew members were among the 44 malaysian victims in july mh17 crash .  `` justice must be served on the criminals who caused this heinous act , '' official say .
 monaco sign dimitar berbatov on final day of european transfer window <sec> final day of european winter transfer window sees usual round of frantic trading .  former manchester united star dimitar berbatov goes from to ligue 1 monaco on loan .  greece international striker konstantinos mitroglou signs for fulham from olympiakos .  epl clubs have spent record of over $ 1.1b on transfers in the 2013-14 window .
 police looking into death of model , 27 , at home of busch beer heir <sec> new : august busch iv is the only member of his family on anheuser-busch inbev 's board .  the body of adrienne nicole martin , 27 , is found in a missouri home , police say .  the frontenac home belongs to busch , a former ceo of anheuser-busch .  busch 's lawyer says there 's nothing suspicious in the `` tragic death ... of a nice young lady .
 cancellara keeps lead despite mass vuelta crash <sec> fabian cancellara retains his gold jersey at vuelta espana despite pile-up .  andre greipel of team columbia wins fourth stage to liege after late mass crash .  all the peloton given the same time as leaders following rain-hit day of racing .  riders have a rest day on wednesday before the race moves into spai .
 german power lies in coalition <sec> angela merkel 's cdu are favorites to win the election .  but they will need a coalition partner to rule .  merkel has publicly named the liberal democrats as her preferred choice .  but the current partner , the social democrats , may be the end resul .
 foam turkey craft kit recalled <sec> the consumer product safety commission says magnets could be a hazard for young kids .  when assembled , the product resembles a turkey with a pumpkin-shaped body .  the kits were sold exclusively by ohio-based jo-ann fabric and craft store .
 commentary : stop the 'vampires ' in the congo <sec> bardem , prendergast : congo has had 10 years of war and suffering .  more than 5 million people have died as a result of the conflict , they say .  they say `` vampire '' militia leaders , others , exploit congo 's natural resources .  voices must be raised against the injustices in the congo , they sa .
 boston pride buoys city amid tragedy <sec> boston bartender : `` we pride ourselves on this family-community way of being '' .  prosecutor : the bombing exposed boston 's strength , not weakness .  rich in history and diversity , boston is the quintessential little big town .  the attack left an indelible mark , but mayor says it 's `` time to move this city forward .
 can wearable tech save intel ? <sec> intel moving away from pcs and into small processors designed for mobile , wearable tech .  expansion masterminded by new president renee james , ceo brian krzanich .  james is 25-year intel veteran behind some of the company 's biggest successe .
 minnesota girl alleges school privacy invasion <sec> a minnesota school is accused of humiliating a young girl .  a lawsuit says they violated her free speech .  the school district says its actions were reasonabl .
 focus in trayvon martin case shifts to washington <sec> `` we believe there may have been one person who saw something , '' prosecutor says .  some members of congress discuss the case ahead of a forum on race and gun laws .  a friend of zimmerman 's says he 's in hiding , being treated for depressio .
