 n.y. governor signs nation 's first gun-control bill since newtown <sec> nra decries speed of bill .  gov . .  andrew cuomo signs gun-control bill into law .  law limits ammunition magazines to seven bullets , down from 10 .  measure includes a statewide gun registry , uniform licensing standar .
 man claims to be father of south carolina baby left in toilet <sec> a newborn baby is in a south carolina hospital after being left at an arena .  police say the newborn was found after a circus show in greenville .  the mother of the child has been arrested and released on bon .
 former communist becomes nepal pm <sec> prachanda , communist party of nepal chairman , won 464 out of 577 votes .  a simple majority was enough to be elected the prime minister .  assembly declared nepal a republic in may and july elected first president .  the post of president is largely ceremonial . .  pm has executive power .
 scientists discover long-lost furby-look-alike <sec> pygmy tarsiers thought to be extinct for more than eight decades .  scientists working in lore lindu national park caught and released three .  primate resembles furby toy that was popular in 1990s .  scientist says villages near park threaten pygmy tarsiers ' existenc .
 dozens hurt as police , anti-austerity protesters clash in spain <sec> new : 43 protesters and 33 police are injured in clashes , madrid ambulance service says .  spanish police use rubber bullets and batons to disperse protesters .  miners are protesting cuts to government subsidies for the mining sector .  prime minister mariano rajoy announces a sales tax increase and more spending cut .
 brittany murphy 's parents feud over poisoning reports <sec> mother calls claim brittany murphy was poisoned a publicity stunt by her father .  sharon murphy accuses daughter 's father of trying to profit from actress 's 2009 death .  `` i am at the very end of my life . .  money means absolutely nothing to me , '' father tells cnn .  lab analyst says strand of hair indicates murphy died from poisonin .
 psst ! ... broadway tickets for cheap <sec> general rush tickets and ticket lotteries are available to last-minute buyers .  two popular musicals offer onstage seating at a fraction of the standard prices .  lincoln center theater offers $ 20 tickets for high school and college student .
 isis , al-nusra and khorasan : what 's the difference ? <sec> isis , al-nusra front and the khorasan group all spawned from al qaeda .  the u.s. launched airstrikes against isis and the khorasan group this week .  al-nusra says its leader was killed in the strikes ; the u.s. has not confirme .
 porn star james deen : 'i am the new sex tape ' <sec> deen says he shot an adult film with `` teen mom 's '' farrah abraham .  he also co-starred with lindsay lohan in a nonporn film .  deen and abraham were photographed leaving a hote .
 champion lorenzo wins motogp opener <sec> two-time world champion jorge lorenzo wins opening race of motogp season .  spaniard finishes almost six seconds clear of yamaha teammate valentino rossi .  seven-time world champion rossi edges out spanish rookie marc marque .
 5 dead in florida boating accident , official says <sec> rescue official : 12 people were aboard the boat near jacksonville , florida .  boat crashed into tugboat , barge and dock under construction .  five people killed ; remaining seven take to hospital with serious injuries .  rescuers had to use plywood panels to reach the passenger .
 emotions are real , universe endless in 'bioshock infinite ' <sec> `` bioshock infinite '' is a mind-blowing story .  popular series ' latest installment is in an alternate 1912 america .  fully realized elizabeth , a companion character , is the soul of the game .  `` bioshock infinite '' was released worldwide on tuesda .
 dharun ravi sent clementi messages on night of suicide <sec> dharun ravi apparently tried to make up with roommate , according to text messages .  ravi apparently sent the messages to tyler clementi after learning he asked for a room change .  they were sent september 22 , 2010 , the same night that clementi took his own lif .
 get used to a life of layoffs <sec> hewlett-packard announced it will eliminate 27,000 jobs .  norman matloff : many laid-off hp employees will not have an easy time finding jobs .  he says tech job market is great for young workers , but not for older , experienced workers .  matloff : engineers , like everyone else , need to adjust to the realities of a global econom .
 taking the kids : barcelona a hit with teens <sec> some 2.5 million people visited antoni gaudi 's sagrada familia last year .  the architect 's fantastic park guell garden complex is fun to explore with kids .  the museu picasso showcases the artist 's early wor .
 taliban official reportedly names self acting leader in pakistan <sec> group 's leader is believed to have been killed in air attack this month .  deputy claims leadership ; he was falsely believed killed last year .  pakistani officials announce arrest of two top taliban figure .
 new arrest in russian 'deep cover ' case <sec> new : man arrested at cyprus airport after interpol alert .  new : robert christopher metsos allegedly buried money in virginia park .  russian foreign ministry says arrests are `` regrettable '' against background of renewed u.s.-russia relations .  documents say suspects were involved in long-term missions in the u.s .
 fenerbahce 's two-year european ban upheld by cas <sec> a two-year european ban given to fenerbahce upheld by cas .  turkish club banned for fixing matches during title-winning 2010-11 season .  ukrainian team metalist kharkiv also given a one-year european ba .
 british woman returns to pakistani jail with newborn <sec> khadija shah , 25 , was arrested while six months pregnant and gave birth to a girl in rawalpindi .  shah , accused of drug trafficking , was put back in jail three days after the birth .  lawyer criticizes care that baby is getting in jail , calls for bail for new mother .  shah denies trafficking , but anti-narcotics official says the case against her is soli .
 opinion : 'that woman ' thatcher let women down <sec> lesley abdela : besides being prime minister , thatcher did little to promote women in politics .  abdela says a generation in britain grew up knowing only a female prime minister .  she says like many , she feels ambivalence toward thatcher , a divisive but influential leader .  abdela : so powerful , she could have advanced women in politics but chose not to do s .
 brazil unveils shaky answer to the vuvuzela for world cup <sec> the caxirola has been unveiled as the `` new vuvuzela '' for the 2014 world cup .  the instrument has been designed by brazilian musician carlinhos brown .  president dilma rousseff has endorsed the caxirola as a fitting symbol of brazil .  whistles will also be produced for the 2014 world cu .
 afghan election heads for june runoff <sec> afghanistan 's presidential election will go to a second round .  electoral commission says final results will be released may 14 .  it will be the country 's first democratic transfer of presidential powe .
 calls for better seafood testing as gulf fishing begins anew <sec> new : the national resources defense council calls for improved seafood testing .  reports cast doubt on the government 's estimate of oil remaining in the water .  georgia report says more oil remains in the gulf than the government has said .  a university of south florida report says the oil may be farther east than first though .
 egyptian court rules against virginity tests <sec> ruling involves military prisons and temporary detention , governemnt consultant says .  woman who says she was subjected to virginity test says justice has been served .  `` i will not give up my rights as a woman or a human being , '' samira ibrahim says .  women arrested during march protests say they were subjected to the examination .
 boat driver in deadly hudson river crash indicted <sec> boat driver jojo john indicted in hudson river crash that killed bride-to-be , fiance 's best man .  john , 35 , was drunk when his boat hit barges , indictment says .  the accident was the result of inadequate lighting on the barges , john 's attorneys sa .
 language problems plague google 's new android market website <sec> the android market website chooses a language based on where a visitor is located .  this can be a pain for people who do n't speak the national language or for travelers .  google says it 's working on versions for other countries and language .
 2 women , gunman killed in delaware courthouse shooting <sec> two women and the gunman were killed , delaware state police say .  capitol police officers ' bulletproof vests saved their lives , police say .  the gunfight broke out in lobby of the new castle county courthous .
 'fastest indian ' back in f1 with hispania <sec> india 's narain karthikeyan is to return to formula one this season with hispania .  karthikeyan was the first indian to compete in f1 back in 2005 .  spanish team hispania finished 11th out of 12 teams in debut in 2010 .  carlos sainz of spain stretches lead in dakar rally after winning sixth stag .
 tv gameshow offers atheists 'salvation ' <sec> turkish tv show features imam , catholic priest , jewish rabbi , buddhist monk .  religious leaders attempt to persuade atheists to `` convert '' to their faith .  show has prompted criticism from religious groups who say it is `` disrespectful .
 crimea focus : can west make putin blink ? <sec> ukraine 's interim pm arseniy yatsenyuk visited washington and the white house this week .  he left with promises of loan guarantees , bilateral assistance as eu nations also rallied .  michael bociurkiw says it 's curious the west is only acting now ukraine is on the precipice .  he says western assistance may have come too late and it 's unclear what will happe .
 suspected world war ii bomb detonates in germany , killing one <sec> new : the blast killed a bulldozer driver and at least 13 other people at a rubble storage site .  unexploded world war ii-era bombs are still found in germany decades after conflict .  bombs are common enough that disposal teams check for them before construction .  three bomb disposal squad members died in 2010 when a device exploded in gottinge .
 bomber kills 33 at iraq peace conference <sec> 33 killed in suicide bombing at reconciliation conference in baghdad .  tuesday 's attack came as tribal leaders were attending conference .  bombing came 3 days after iraqi pm urged nation 's sheikhs to join governmen .
 south carolina town says it loudly : cut the noise <sec> beach town of sullivan 's island wants to keep things quiet .  considering ordinance that would impose maximum fine of $ 500 for loud violators .  town is north of charleston , south carolina .  official says `` places you can go and be loud ... sullivan 's island is not one of them .
 pope francis lands in south korea for first asia visit <sec> north korea fires projectiles into the sea before the pope 's arrival .  pope francis is making his first visit to asia .  his asia trip is a nod to growing catholicism outside europe .  pope is expected to hold mass with sewol ferry victims , north korean escapees and former comfort wome .
 federer : good to have rafa back as indian wells clash looms <sec> roger federer relishes rafael nadal 's return .  arch rivals could face off in the quarterfinals at indian wells .  no.1 novak djokovic favorite for the hard court title .  victoria azarenka tops women 's seeding .
 saudi women need more than a sporting chance <sec> founder of jeddah united believes more needs to be done for women in sports .  wants facilities and finance to boost quality of athletes .  saudi arabia 's team at asian games had no female athlete .
 zambian president bows out after losing at polls <sec> 10 candidates take part in the presidential race .  winner michael sata is a major critic of chinese investment in the natio .
 premier league 0-2 underdogs <sec> chelsea , man city , southampton , tottenham out of the fa cup .  chelsea concede four goals against third tier opposition .  manchester united held by cambridge city .  holders arsenal win at second-flight brighto .
 deadly blasts , assassination strike iraq before election <sec> new : a prosecutor in falluja is assassinated wednesday night , police say .  four blasts in and around baghdad killed at least three people wednesday .  the u.s. embassy in baghdad released a statement condemning the violence .  attacks included a car bombing of an iraqi army convoy , a bombing near a police statio .
 'you 're going to die the way you live ' <sec> randy pausch set an example of a good death for the terminally ill .  author : he used his skills to go on `` living until the moment he died '' .  hospice official : people avoid the sick , worrying too much about what to say .  visits can be used by dying to tie up loose ends or heal rift .
 klitschko announces hamburg date for defense against american briggs <sec> wbc champion vitali klitschko will return to adopted home city of hamburg for defense .  ukrainian faces american fighter shannon briggs in germany on october 16 .  his brother wladimir is preparing for title clash with samuel peter on september 11 .  wba champion david haye reportedly in talks for bout with audley harriso .
 congolese rape victims march against sexual violence <sec> rape is a weapon of war in congo .  eastern congo has 15,000 rape victims just from last year .  the march aims to combat a societal stigma attached to rape victims .  many women left hospital beds to join even .
 let 's talk nonpolitical : the president on his daughters , super bowl <sec> president obama said his daughters are more concerned with teenage pursuits .  `` they 're fully absorbed with their lives , what 's going on at school , '' he said .  obama said pope francis appears to be `` a pretty steady guy '' .  the president thinks the super bowl is going to come down to the last pla .
 timeline : banking crisis <sec> banking crisis has transformed the world 's financial landscape .  many established names bankrupted or bailed out as a consequence of bad debts .  after inital upswing , world stock markets fall once more .  eu leaders at summit call for overhaul of international financial syste .
 despite hurricane , the supreme court opens as scheduled <sec> new : court cancels public session for tuesday `` due to weather conditions '' .  oral arguments in two cases proceed as scheduled .  court schedules are set months in advance .  the court has a history of remaining open during bad weathe .
 why tuesday , why november , why elephants ? election riddles solved <sec> the democratic donkey and the republican elephant started with negative connotations .  some people are campaigning to move election day from tuesday to a weekend day .  if romney and obama tie , the u.s. could get a republican president and a democratic vp .  the color assignments for republicans and democrats have flip-flopped over the year .
 freerunners parkour baghdad <sec> prince haydar is one of baghdad 's exponents of parkour .  freerunning in iraq 's capital is dangerous , he says , and freerunners often misunderstood .  baghdad pk group often trains in zawra park , near city 's fomer green zone .  members are self-taught and rely on internet videos to learn new technique .
 google chairman declares victory in android vs. apple <sec> google chairman eric schmidt says android has beaten apple .  schmidt : `` we 're winning that pretty clearly now '' .  android has 72 percent of world mobile market .  apple has gained in the u.s. since iphone 5 releas .
 autopsy : boyzone member , 33 , died of natural causes <sec> boyzone singer stephen gately , 33 , died saturday in majorca .  cause was acute pulmonary edema , preliminary autopsy showed .  judge authorizes family to transfer body out of spain .  boyzone had six no . .  1 singles in u.k. , four no . .  1 album .
 severe weather moves to the east <sec> storm system moving eastward toward great lakes , tennessee valley .  tornadoes possible in parts of texas , oklahoma , arkansas , louisiana .  threat of tornadoes expected to diminish overnigh .
 find your superpower , watch your career take flight <sec> knowing your strengths -- and playing to them -- is the key to effective leadership .  your `` superpower '' is your usp to sell yourself in your career path .  ask colleagues , take tests or simply self-reflect to identify your core strength .  shore up weaknesses by building a team with the attributes you lac .
 1 dead , 6 hurt in illinois train derailment <sec> new : woman dead after train derails , erupts into flames in rockford , illinois .  several cars of the train were carrying ethanol , authorities say .  explosion forced evacuation of nearly 600 home .
 opinion : iran and u.s. : new hope ? <sec> david rothkopf : some say election of iran 's rouhani wo n't change anything -- they 're wrong .  he says khameni may really call shots , but vote for moderate changes mideast tone , optics .  he says it showed iranians favored rouhani , a former nuke negotiator , reject ahmadinejad .  rothkopf : u.s. should seek reachable goals with rouhani aimed at stopping iran nuke progra .
 pakistan 's ground offensive leaves ghost town <sec> miranshah remains empty after pakistan military operation in north waziristan .  the region had become `` a hub and safe haven '' for militants , says army commander .  north waziristan pummeled by air strikes before ground troops moved in .  new militant group claims several parts of waziristan are under its contro .
 islamic militants fight yemen troops for control of city , locals say <sec> new : at least 5 protesters are dead and 90 wounded in taiz , a medical official says .  hundreds of government troops battle militants in zinjibar , witnesses tell cnn .  a rebel tribe says it will hand back government buildings it has been occupying in the capital .  mediators try to work out a truce between tribal groups and the governmen .
 opinion : the harm that casinos do <sec> david frum says a new report makes clear the damage casinos do .  he says they extract earnings from americans least able to afford it .  casinos are bad for property values , do n't revive troubled neighborhoods , he says .  frum : government benefits from taxes on casinos and officials do n't question the har .
 mom chooses son over service <sec> spc . .  alexis hutchinson refuses deployment orders to stay with son .  hutchinson claims plans for mother to take care of her child fell through .  army says hutchinson had plenty of time to come up with alternate plan .
 leading vaccines for ebola show real promise <sec> leading vaccines for ebola virus show early promise .  tests of the two vaccines should soon begin in healthy volunteers in africa .  there have been 19,340 cases with 7,518 deaths so far in the countries most impacted by the epidemic according to who repor .
 rare 475-pound sea turtle rescued <sec> staffers at the south carolina aquarium are treating a rare , 475-pound leatherback sea turtle .  the turtle washed up saturday on a nearby beach and may be returned to the ocean soo .
 opinion : kenyan paradise at risk over government oil port plans <sec> the kenyan government has announced plans for a new port in lamu , a world heritage site .  it is part of bigger project that includes an oil refinery , pipelines from s.sudan and transportation hubs .  local civil society groups are taking the government to court over the port project .  they ask for more information and call for an environmental impact assessmen .
 should tennis be worried about the 'kissing disease ' ? <sec> some of tennis ' biggest names , including roger federer , have been felled by mono .  extensive training , matches and traveling may make players more vulnerable .  diagnosing the illness can be difficult , says an expert who has worked with athletes with mono .  the men 's tennis tour says cases of mono have n't been unusually hig .
 brazil anger simmers over petrobas scandal and economy <sec> protesters angry over bribery scandal involving state-run oil company petrobras .  brazilian president dilma rousseff also is struggling with an economic downtur .
 yemeni leader delays deal to end protests <sec> president ali abdullah saleh wants the opposition to sign the agreement at the palace .  they refuse , saying he is not to be trusted .  yemen , a key al qaeda battleground , is a u.s. all .
 paul mccartney walks down the aisle <sec> paul mccartney and nancy shevell leave their wedding in london .  `` it just seems right , '' one well-wisher says of the match .  they 'll wed at the same venue where the former beatle married his first wife linda .  his marriage to linda ended with her death , and his second marriage ended in bitter divorc .
