 coast guard helicopter rescues 5 from sinking boat off alaska coast <sec> the coast guard says the ship 's crew sent a radio message asking for help .  all five crew members are released in good condition .  winds are 40 mph at the time of the rescu .
 rock on ! the compact disc turns 30 <sec> on october 1 , 1982 , billy joel 's `` 52nd street '' was released commercially on cd .  cds would n't overtake cassettes in popularity until the late 1980s .  cds remain popular but are losing ground to mp3s and streaming music .  whether the audio quality of cds is greater than vinyl remains a hotly debated topi .
 4.4 billion-year-old crystal is oldest piece of earth <sec> earth is about 4.5 billion years old .  the oldest piece was found in 2001 in australia .  earth could have had oceans very early in its histor .
 ten-man united extend english lead ; arsenal salvage draw <sec> dimitar berbatov scores late winner as manchester united beat visiting bolton .  united reduced to 10 men with 14 minutes left after jonny evans is sent off .  second-placed arsenal trail united by five points after being held 2-2 at west brom .  tottenham 's champions leagues hopes suffer another blow with draw against west ha .
 gupta : at refugee camp near syria , nothing makes sense <sec> dr. sanjay gupta has been at refugee camp outside of syria .  the children are living in filth and look half their age , he says .  their small bodies are bloated as they are living off grains , gupta says .  `` truth is , these are my children , '' he say .
 so , just how bad is the economy ? <sec> is it fair to invoke great depression ? .  some economists say comparison overblown .  nation had another great depression few remember , scholar says .  depression survivor : `` people had a wonderful spirit of survival .
 sochi 2014 : russia 's numbers game <sec> russia has spent more than any other olympics host in preparing sochi for winter games .  its reported $ 50 billion cost is four times higher than originally promised in bid document .  black sea resort transformed with an unprecedented level of constructio .
 22 beautiful u.s. beaches <sec> late summer is the time to enjoy some coastal gems .  wonderful beaches dot the western , eastern and southern u.s. coasts .  there are less obvious choices in even the most beach-centric state .
 cnn student news - september 25 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 naoto kan : 'japan has lost its vigor ' <sec> naoto kan became prime minister of japan in june 2010 .  kan says that senkaku islands are 'inherent territory of japan ' .  strong yen is because u.s. economy is steered towards weak dollar , he say .
 latest developments in the royal baby watch <sec> new : poll suggests britons want the royal heir to lead a normal life -- including a regular job .  the media debate catherine 's likely due date as the wait for the royal baby continues .  the queen does n't mind if the baby 's a boy or a girl -- she just wants it to arrive soon .  a contingency plan is in place for catherine to give birth near her parents ' home , media repor .
 5 things to watch in florida special election <sec> special election in florida to replace longtime congressman who died in october .  political pundits scrutinize race as bellwether for november midterms .  republicans trying to tie election to obamacare and approval of the president .  democratic candidate making opponent 's lobbying background an issu .
 meet tiny nation bucking eurozone 's pain <sec> the euro club has suffered major shockwaves but its newest member has emerged as a shining economic light . .  estonia , which joined the euro in january 2011 , has rising employment and growth exceeding its peers .  its economy has been through financial restructuring and a credit-fed boom and bust .  joining the bloc has helped buoy its economy due to increased confidence from investor .
 hawaii maybe-possibly-hopefully changed the list <sec> hawaii may rank 49th for voter turnout this year ; instead of 50th .  professor : hawaii and west virginia are `` dukeing it out '' for last place .  cnn 's change the list has been trying to start a conversation about hawaii 's low turnout .  several polling places in hawaii ran out of ballots , according to news report .
 world nomad games deliver thrills and culture <sec> the first world nomad games were held in kyrgyzstan last week .  the six-day games showcased vanishing traditions and culture .  a temporary camp with 150 yurts was set up to host guests .  kyrgyzstan dominated the game .
 2 marines disciplined over puppy-tossing video <sec> lance cpl . .  david motari faces removal ; sgt . .  crismarvin banez encarnacion punished .  video surfaced march 3 on youtube showing a marine tossing a puppy over a cliff .  the marines condemned the incident , calling it `` shocking and deplorable .
 cypriot president : underwater gas fields can help unite island <sec> cyprus is sitting on large underwater reserves of natural gas .  country is expected to exploit fields in coming years and generate billions of dollars in process .  cypriot president believes energy discovery could help unite the islan .
 state tv : syrian president fires top official <sec> vice premier qadri jamil met with the u.s. ambassador to syria on saturday , official says .  he 's accused of having `` unauthorized meetings abroad '' without government coordination .  jamil represents the popular front for change and liberatio .
 house votes down controversial fighter engine funding <sec> the house votes down funding for a second engine for the f-35 joint strike fighter .  the amendment ending funding passed 233-198 with bipartisan support .  president barack obama has urged elimination of the program .  house speaker john boehner , r-ohio , supports the progra .
 tourists deported for taking nude pictures at angkor <sec> two u.s. tourists deported from cambodia after allegedly taking nude pictures at angkor archaeological park .  it 's the third known nude photo incident to hit the park in recent weeks .  authority that manages angkor now looking into ways to deter such behavio .
 classic pop bands unite to tour , create hits <sec> reo speedwagon and styx have combined for hit and tour .  chicago and earth , wind & fire recorded three songs for joint tour .  combining forces not new , but way it 's being used may b .
 supermarket tycoon sworn in as panama president <sec> new : deposed honduran president attends ceremony .  supermarket chain owner ricardo martinelli inaugurated .  martinelli promises smaller government budget , raises for public workers .  new president says panama will fight drug trafficking in regio .
 microsoft cuts black friday prices on kinect , laptops , games <sec> microsoft is offering black friday discounts on laptops , phones , games and kinect .  some deals are just available in stores ; others are offered only on microsoft 's retail site .  prices on some laptop models are slashed by $ 40 .
 somali president bends to rebel demand for sharia law <sec> concession is attempt to halt fighting between somali forces , islamic insurgents .  president ahmed says he wo n't agree to a strict interpretation of islamic law .  president also has asked african peacekeepers to stand dow .
 opinion : how to keep isis terror from u.s. shores <sec> aaron miller : debating what went wrong in iraq not useful ; protecting u.s. interests now is .  iraq is complex , he says , with sectarian groups at odds , neighbors with own interests .  he says u.s. must work with iraq 's neighbors , even al-assad , to halt isis . .  democracy can wait .  miller : u.s. must help right iraqi military , but without combat forces . .  point is to check terro .
 real madrid bounce back after derby demolition <sec> real madrid return to winning ways against deportivo la coruna .  isco and benzema score in 2-0 victory .  ronaldo fails to score for third la liga game in a ro .
 obama : clinton 's vote for iran measure repeats iraq mistake <sec> new : sen. hillary clinton defends vote on resolution , saying `` it 's not a law '' .  sen. barack obama : president could use iran measure to justify military action .  obama says clinton 's vote for resolution shows `` flawed '' judgment .  differences with clinton will be clear in `` next phase '' of campaign , obama say .
 'sextortion ' victim miss teen usa knows suspect from high school <sec> new : `` i started screaming , '' miss teen usa tells cnn .  cassidy wolf recognizes her alleged tormenter as a former high school classmate .  jared james abrahams is accused of hijacking webcams of young women .  he allegedly made demands of them , threatening to release nude photo .
 bus falls off cliff in peru , killing all 51 people aboard <sec> the busload of people were traveling to a celebration in the santa teresa district .  an unspecified number of children were aboard .  authorities are still recovering bodies from the cliff , an official say .
 google 's social network opens to everyone <sec> google 's social network finally launches to the public .  until tuesday , google+ was available by invitation only .  the social network is seen as a challenge to facebook .  enthusiasm has been waning ; one writer says g+ is `` worse than a ghost town .
 ryder cup : more than just a game <sec> ryder cup begins at gleneagles in scotland on friday .  the two-yearly competition pits the best golfers from u.s. and europe against each other .  team usa is out for revenge after losing the last two contests .  golf legend tom watson captains the american tea .
 pension reform is key to california 's budget crisis <sec> gov . .  jerry brown of california faces a budget deficit of nearly $ 16 billion .  william bennett : california should look to wisconsin as role model .  he says wisconsin addressed the root of budget problem : public employee unions .  bennett : pension reform is the key to california 's fiscal crisi .
 katrina , joplin survivors offer advice to sandy victims <sec> people who survived katrina and the joplin tornado share their experiences , wisdom .  their advice : stand in the ruins of your old life ; it 's fine to be sad .  ask for help and give help , no matter how large or small , they say .  they say it will get better , but it will always stay with yo .
 sources : steve ballmer agrees to buy clippers for record $ 2 billion <sec> second source confirms terms of the proposed sale .  donald sterling 's lawyer earlier said he would have to consent to a sale .  sterling is upset because nba knows 'he is not a racist , '' attorney says .  board of governors would have to approve sale of tea .
 opinion : blind eye to scientific fraud is dangerous <sec> frank wong : there 's been a decline in vaccination to prevent childhood diseases .  wong : it 's partly due to the rise of anti-vaccine movement that relies on scientific fraud .  he says the rise of e-media allows charlatans to corrupt scientific publications .  wong : pseudoscience undermines public 's trust in science and scientific authorit .
 'wire 's ' simon bringing 'hero ' to hbo <sec> david simon 's new show : `` show me a hero , '' a six-hour miniseries .  program will be directed by paul haggis , star catherine keener , oscar isaac .  work touches on themes of race , class , politic .
 pilot , irs worker identified as those killed in texas crash <sec> victim worked in irs office in building where crash happened , waay reports .  both men died from blunt force injuries , medical examiner 's office says .  authorities : andrew joseph stack iii flew single-engine plane into seven-story building .  stack set his home on fire before his flight , authorities sa .
 woman charged in texas day care deadly fire back in the u.s . <sec> new : jessica tata expected back in texas within 24 hours , lawmaker says .  tata arrived in atlanta from nigeria on monday , officials said .  four children died at her houston day care in february .  tata faces manslaughter and unlawful flight charge .
 will the people of central african republic ever get to return home ? <sec> one million people in central african republic have fled their homes to avoid ethnic violence .  muslim rebel group 's ousting of christian president last year plunged car into chaos .  rebel group 's leader seized power briefly , but stepped down after failing to halt violence .  mayor of capital city bangui is now interim president , but situation remains tens .
 'controversy ' helped galaxy , says beckham <sec> la galaxy beat houston dynamo 2-0 to win the mls western conference championship .  beckham believes controversy over his first loan spell with ac milan brought team together .  the galaxy can win their third mls cup when they face real salt lake in seattle next weeken .
 north korea stands by nuclear program , wo n't negotiate with u.s . <sec> north korea has been targeted internationally for its budding nuclear weapons program .  its government , as reported by state news , blasts the `` hostile policy '' of the u.s. , others .  north korea 's nuclear arms `` can not be disputed ( if there 's a ) u.s. nuclear threat '' .  pyongyang denies its using nukes as a `` bargaining chip '' to win economic concession .
 from pit-stop to take-off : how f1 is changing the future of air travel <sec> london 's heathrow airport hopes to cut c02 emissions by using motor racing technology .  software developed by f1 's mclaren reduces waiting time in pit-stops .  britain 's national air traffic services , software could be use to cut air congestio .
 poland signs eu treaty , only czech republic left to ratify <sec> treaty undergoing review in a czech court to determine its compatiblity .  czech president raises fears over property claims relating to world war ii .  swedish presidency of eu calls on czech republic to clarify ratification comments .  only czech republic left to sign treaty that would reform the european unio .
 soccer fans clash with police in moscow <sec> a confrontation occurs at an unsanctioned mass memorial for a slain soccer fan .  about 5,000 spartak moscow supporters clashed with police near the kremlin .  report : more than 60 fans who were detained are released .  the head of the team 's fan club says the incident has nothing to do with socce .
 twitter blocks content of german neo-nazi group <sec> lower saxony minister : the move is `` a very important step '' against extremism .  twitter will withhold content in the feed of a german neo-nazi group .  german police demanded the account be closed completely .  twitter 's action feeds into a wider debate over free speech on the interne .
 coroner : director had anti-depressant , sleep aid in system at death <sec> british film director tony scott jumped off a bridge to his death on august 19 .  the coroner says scott died of blunt force injuries and drowning .  he had the anti-depressant remeron and sleep aid lunesta in his syste .
 'whale wars ' star paul watson skips bail , court seeks his extradition <sec> frankfurt court reactivates request to extradite him to costa rica .  watson stopped reporting to authorities and skipped bail .  court says he has `` shown by fleeing that the trust placed in him was not justified '' .  watson is wanted in costa rica after battling shark fin poachers , conservation group say .
 al qaeda militant sentenced to death in yemen <sec> saleh al-shawsh was one of the most wanted militants in yemen .  he is purported to be a member of al qaeda in the arabian peninsula .  yemen is a major al qaeda battleground .  washington recently underscored its support for yeme .
 democratic republic of congo rebels say they will leave captured goma <sec> new : u.n. security council extends sanctions against rebel groups in congo until 2014 .  m23 rebels are seen packing , but giving mixed signals about leaving .  regional leaders and the african union called on the m23 to begin a withdrawal tuesday .  the rebels want to talk with the congolese president about breaches of a 2009 peace treat .
 djokovic and murray ease through at shanghai masters <sec> novak djokovic defeats ivan ljubicic 6-3 6-3 at shanghai masters event .  andy murray joins him in the third round after a 6-2 6-2 win over yan bai .  robin soderling is also through after victory over janko tipsarevi .
 cyclone pummels eastern indian coast , kills 19 <sec> new : the storm uprooted trees and sent debris flying through the air .  meteorologists forecast heavy rainfall and high winds across the region .  fisherman are told to stay at home for the day as thane whips up high seas .  damage is expected to palm-thatched homes , trees and crops in coastal area .
 cover story : in concert with controversy <sec> several pop stars have come under fire for performing for the family of libyan dictator .  ceo of agency says due diligence must be performed before stars head overseas .  marketing expert says fans feel drawn into politics if they support a star caught in scanda .
 sympathy for the 'devil ' : in defense of sepp blatter <sec> sepp blatter has been criticized for saying players can not `` run away '' from racism .  fifa president 's comments came after kevin-prince boateng walked off pitch in protest .  ghana international was playing for ac milan in a friendly against fourth division pro patria .  blatter has been president of world football 's governing body since 199 .
 police : alabama college shooting suspect killed her brother in 1986 <sec> new : charged professor killed brother in 1986 , massachusetts police say .  new : anderson was never charged in her brother 's death , police chief says .  new : police log of the incident lists it as an accidental shooting , chief says .  three faculty members at university of alabama in huntsville were killed frida .
 health officials urge evacuations near michigan oil spill <sec> new : the epa says the spill is largely contained .  as many as 50 homes are affected by an evacuation recommendation .  nearby residents are told to avoid the spill scene .  nearly 20,000 barrels of oil slipped out of a pipelin .
 home for 10 people ... in a portable box <sec> tom henderson 's organization , shelterbox , helps disaster victims worldwide .  it provides free shelterboxes , containing items such as blankets , tools and tents .  the organization has aided more than 600,000 victims of disasters since 200 .
 agents at polygamist ranch checking 'safety of children ' <sec> new : state child protective services agents interviewing children .  new : no one permitted to enter or leave 1,900-acre texas compound .  ranch home to hundreds of followers of polygamist leader warren jeffs .  jeffs in arizona jail awaiting trial ; sentenced to 10 years in prison last yea .
 dissident senior cleric dies in iran <sec> senior iranian dissident cleric grand ayatollah hussein ali montazeri has died .  montazeri was one of several prominent clerics who publicly criticized the presidential elections last june .  montazeri was once heir apparent to late ayatollah ruhollah khomeini , architect of iran 's 1979 islamic revolution .  funeral likely to be cause for concern for authorities in tehran , one commentator say .
 georgia officials under fire for actions before , during , after snow <sec> `` i do n't see how we are going to get rid of the ice , '' emergency official admitted .  georgia 's governor apologizes , says that changes are needed to prevent a repeat .  he extends state of emergency through sunday night to free up needed resources .  `` it 's just a lot of frustration , '' an atlanta resident says of the storm respons .
 obama : racial tensions surfacing 'probably is healthy ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama said he believes the u.s. is `` less raciallly divided '' today .  and with the economy gaining , obama said he 'll look to focus on `` long-term projects '' in the next year .  he 'll also defend his health care law , while working with the gop to find common ground .  obama also touted u.s. leadership abroad , and discussed the prospects of an embassy in ira .
 living 'sex and the city ' in moscow <sec> chris helmbrecht is a 37-year-old german who now lives in moscow .  he says moscow 's energy makes it exciting , but it can be exhausting .  muscovites love to get out of the city at the weekend , says chris .  `` moscow is renewing itself . .  in 10 years you wo n't recognize it , '' he say .
 admiral : captain to be relieved , others investigated , over videos <sec> new : navy investigators will look at the role other officers played in the video scandal .  new : admiral : the videos demonstrated capt . .  owen honors ' `` profound lack of good judgment '' .  honors will be permanently relieved of his command of the uss enterprise .  raunchy videos were shown to the crew of the aircraft carrier uss enterpris .
 b & n slaps down amazon in e-reader battery life spat <sec> companies duking it out over respective battery lives of kindle and nook .  the all-new nook has the longest battery life in the industry .  kindle battery , using the same page-turn rate , lasts for only 56 hour .
 breast ironing tradition targeted in cameroon <sec> 1 in 4 girls in cameroon are affected , a study found .  all of the more than 200 ethnic groups use the practice .  the u.s. state department assails the practice .  charities want to show mothers in cameroon that sex education , not the ironing , is the solutio .
