 how to cope with too much work <sec> these days we are all expected to do more work , says laura stack .  split your to-do lists into a master list and a high impact task list , she says .  stack says to stop multitasking and focus on one thing at a tim .
 israel retaliates in syria after bomb attack against israeli troops <sec> israel 's air force strikes syrian targets , a day after israeli troops were attacked .  syrian military says one soldier was killed , seven injured , according to syrian state tv .  benjamin netanyahu warns : `` our policy is very clear : we attack those who attack us '' .  israel 's defense minister says israel holds syrian president bashar al-assad responsibl .
 apple loses right to iphone name in ... <sec> apple loses right to iphone trademark in brazil .  brazil patent regulator affirms local tech firm owns exclusive rights through 2018 .  brazilian firm gradiente eletronica debuted `` iphone neo one '' december 2012 .  apple has endured past trademark problems in china , japan , u.s .
 boehner plans 'family conversation ' with gop - cnnpolitics.com <sec> more than two dozen republicans voted against boehner gaining another term as speaker .  boehner plans conversations with gop critics .  some critics are being removed from key committee seat .
 more child soldiers in somalia fighting <sec> new report says child abductions by al-shabaab on the rise in somalia .  children used as human shields , human rights watch says .  somalia transitional government criticized for using child soldiers .  an international conference on somalia takes place thursda .
 red hot chili peppers , avicii battle severe thunderstorms at lollapalooza <sec> severe thunderstorms forced a temporary evacuation at lollapalooza .  a few performances had to be canceled .  the city of chicago extended the festival 's curfew in light of the storm dela .
 champions league draw pits arsenal against udinese <sec> arsenal draw udinese in the final qualifying round for the european champions league .  four-time champions bayern munich to face swiss outfit fc zurich .  two-time european champions benfica will play dutch side twente .  the two-legged ties will be played across august 16/17 and 23/2 .
 jessica simpson welcomes baby boy ace <sec> jessica simpson gives birth via scheduled c-section .  ace knute johnson is the second child for the singer/tv personality .  she accidentally revealed his gender on `` jimmy kimmel live '' in marc .
 ex-nba star scottie pippen questioned in assault inquiry <sec> authorities question the former nba star as part of an assault investigation .  pippen was cooperative during questioning , a sheriff 's lieutenant says .  detectives hope to ask witnesses additional questions about the alleged assaul .
 marine discharged over online obama comments <sec> sgt . .  gary stein was given an `` other-than-honorable '' discharge , official says .  on facebook , stein had called president a liar , suggested he would not follow some orders .  military board found stein broke rules limiting political conduct , recommended discharg .
 court : ca n't close mississippi 's lone abortion clinic <sec> new : rep. mims disappointed ; he says his bill seeks to give women best possible care .  new : mississippi 's lone abortion clinic cheers the ruling ; supporters say fight is n't over .  state law : all clinic doctors had to get privileges at local hospitals ; they could not .  the state argued that those wanting abortions could go to nearby state .
 istria is not the new tuscany <sec> croatia 's istrian peninsula inspires comparisons with italy 's tuscany region .  while there are similarities , this pocket of croatia has n't suffered a tourism crush .  its villages are less cultivated , less wealthy and delightfully unspoile .
 could oil spill sap appetite for obama 's offshore drilling plans ? <sec> obama says gulf coast oil spill is a `` potentially unprecedented environmental disaster '' .  in late march , obama announced plans to expand offshore drilling .  administration officials insist priority is to get to the bottom of the current spill .  spokesman says obama 's announcement was the start , not the end , of longer proces .
 'coldest air in decades ' to follow big storm <sec> new : some 3,000 flights canceled friday after more than 2,600 cancellations thursday .  new : a man who fell through the ice in new jersey is rescued , official says .  new : weather service says system will bring `` coldest air in 2 decades '' .  some 140 million americans will have temperatures of 0 or below , cnn estimate .
 police : when cable tv breaks , a 911 call is bad <sec> a power outage knocked out cable in parts of connecticut .  police issue warning after residents of the town of fairfield call 911 to complain .  on facebook , police say it 's not an emergency , urge them to call their cable company .  `` misuse of the 911 system may result in an arrest , '' post say .
 diageo : europe must be more competitive <sec> diageo posted a 5 % rise in sales growth for the second half of last year .  recent acquisitions for diageo have included shuijingfang , a maker of baijiu .  london-based diageo wo n't be putting any pro-europe stickers on their bottle .
 david cameron 's gamble could take britain out of europe <sec> david cameron has pledged to renegotiate britain 's terms of membership in the eu .  a confrontation with german chancellor angela merkel looms over the uk 's demands .  oakley : cameron 's miscalculations could see him lead the uk out of the eu by mistake .  oakley : cameron , a centrist conservative , has backed himself into a corner with eu referendu .
 obamacare offers relief for transgender people <sec> obamacare is providing relief to many transgender people who have struggled to get insurance .  some companies used to deny those with gender identity disorder .  federal law now prohibits health insurance companies from discriminatin .
 face time with youssef boutros ghali <sec> as egypt 's finance minister , youssef boutros ghali has pushed for reform .  egypt 's economy grew 7.1 percent in 2007 , inflation still a concern .  world bank : 17 percent of egyptian population living in poverty .  ghali : `` we know that they deserve some of the fruits of the reform .
 taylor swift forgives kanye west with a song <sec> new : lady gaga dresses in raw meat to accept her last award .  kanye west 's song seems to acknowledge his rep as a jerk .  taylor swift sings forgiveness for kanye wes .
 imprisoned venezuelan journalist declares hunger strike <sec> new : human rights organizations say chavez violates free speech .  leocenis garcia has been held two years without trial .  he was arrested in may 2008 on weapons and property charges .  garcia says he was targeted for criticizing government 's petroleum industr .
 body of fugitive billionaire in sewol ferry case found <sec> yoo byung-eun has been missing for months .  a body found june 12 was tested and the dna is a match , police say .  defenders said yoo has been made a scapegoat for sewol disaste .
 source : donald sterling refuses to pay fine , threatens to sue nba <sec> source : sterling says he 'll sue nba if he 's punished .  the longtime clippers owner is banned from team operations , facilities .  he also owes a $ 2.5 million fine .  his lawyer has successfully sued the nfl befor .
 wimbledon : rafael nadal and roger federer off to winning starts <sec> rafael nadal begins his 2014 wimbledon campaign with a win .  the world no . .  1 sees off martin klizan with a 4-6 6-3 6-3 6-3 victory .  roger federer also advances to the second round after beating paolo lorenzi 6-1 6-1 6-3 .  maria sharapova and serena williams safely through to second roun .
 the cure for 'affluenza ' is prison <sec> texas teenager wo n't go to jail for drunk driving incident that killed four people .  paul callan says lawyer is citing a defense of `` affluenza , '' not an acceptable argument .  he says judge should have refused to accept deal , should have blasted `` affluenza '' idea .  callan : justice is supposed to be impartial , not a tool to allow rich to escape responsibilit .
 commentary : kennedy family 's remarkable story <sec> ted sorensen : people have focused on the tragedies endured by kennedy family .  he says focus should be on how family has been dedicated to public service .  sorensen : their love of family and country stood out in a selfish er .
 is it possible that congress is starting to do its job ? <sec> jason grumet : keystone legislation is likely to be vetoed , but process was encouraging .  he says the senate is returning to its tradition of more open deliberatio .
 banksy bids farewell to new york with balloons <sec> graffiti artist banksy 's final artwork floated near the long island expressway .  artist stirred controversy , raised money for charity during his month in new york .  he left daily works , including performance art and traveling exhibits , throughout cit .
 'star wars ' creator picks chicago for new museum <sec> chicago wins bid for new george lucas museum .  mayor rahm emanuel calls it `` a milestone '' for his city .  lucas says a prime location in chicago was a deciding factor .  museum will house lucas ' art collection and movie memorabili .
 libya fighters put pressure on regime holdouts <sec> ntc fighters move into sabha without resistance .  pro-gadhafi forces are leaving bani walid residents to starve , an ntc spokesman says .  purported gadhafi message touts his political system .  libya 's revolutionary fighters plan an assault on bani wali .
 exchanging guns for gloves in pakistani city <sec> bilal ahmed is from lyari , one of the poorest and most dangerous neighborhoods in karachi .  drug and gang violence is rampant here , killing nearly 100 people this year alone .  for decades boxing has given thousands of lyari 's kids a new focus .  african migrants brought boxing to lyari in the 1940s when karachi was part of british-ruled indi .
 opinion : at march of washington , we 're closer to the american dream <sec> tuesday is the 50th anniversary of the historic 1963 march on washington .  donna brazile : the struggle for true emancipation has been long and arduous .  she says political emancipation both requires and demands economic emancipation .  brazile : in 50 years , we have moved closer to the realization of the true american drea .
 french moving to ban child beauty pageants : should we ? <sec> the french senate voted to ban child beauty pageants for kids under 16 .  lawmakers in france argue the pageants sexualize girls at a young age .  many americans think pageants for very young girls should be outlawed .  pageant supporters say girls develop self-esteem , confidence and other skills that last a lifetim .
 groups urge tennessee governor to veto prenatal drug use bill <sec> bill would allow for a woman to be prosecuted if she illegally takes drugs while pregnant .  it passed state senate and house last week ; governor has 10 days to act on bill .  in 2013 , 900+ newborns in tennessee experienced withdrawal from drug .
 report : iran to resume nuclear talks with u.s. on friday <sec> kerry and the iranian pm will meet sunday , araqchi says .  there was no immediate confirmation from the u.s. sid .
 obama pushes manufacturing , fair trade with china <sec> new : obama pushes manufacturing , export agenda during visit to boeing .  new : obama says americans `` will always win '' if there is a level playing field with other countries .  new : obama pushes for a series of tax changes to promote domestic manufacturing .  the speech comes days after the president 's meeting with china 's vice presiden .
 family , medical examiner at odds over how mississippi mayoral candidate died <sec> marco mcmillian 's family says he was `` beaten , dragged and burned '' last week .  medical examiner says he does n't know why the family says he was dragged , burned .  police : the clarksdale mayoral candidate was found dead miles from his wrecked suv .  his family says the death was n't `` random '' ; an official says it was `` more of a personal dispute .
 world cup in numbers : former champs face off <sec> new : two former world cup champions face off against each other on thursday .  new : both england and uruguay are on losing streaks and need a victory .  it 's more common for defending champs to lose early than to repeat victories .  spain become the fifth world cup title holders to crash out earl .
 welcome to aussiewood <sec> australia has great locations , talent and is a relatively cheap place to make films .  despite movies like `` shine '' the domestic industry remains small and hand to mouth .  recent changes in the backing for films could be the catalyst for a resurgenc .
 russian , u.s. satellites collide in space <sec> one russian and one u.s. satellite collide at 10 km per second .  collision is believed to be the first of its kind .  nasa spokesman quoted as saying crash produced massive debris cloud .  wreckage from collision expected to burn up in the earth 's atmospher .
 30,000 flee philippine volcano <sec> large-scale eruption of mayon volcano imminent , scientists say .  21 centers set up to house more than 30,000 evacuees .  mountain shook several times wednesday , red cross say .
 remembering the day lennon died <sec> cnn 's john roberts is the anchor of `` american morning '' .  he recalls learning of lennon 's death as a music journalist in canada .  this week marks the 30th anniversary of lennon 's slayin .
 war powers act needs fixing , bipartisan panel says <sec> war powers act is `` ineffective '' and should be repealed , blue-ribbon panel says .  former secretaries of state james baker and warren christopher led the study .  they say the project was not prompted by any specific war .  panel proposes new law requiring president to consult with congres .
 clinton documents : much has changed , but much still the same <sec> newly released clinton papers detail health care battle of 1990s .  public gets a new look at inner workings of the clinton white house .  several thousand pages of documents released in a first batch .  hillary clinton is now a potential presidential contender in 201 .
 opinion : when doctors do n't listen <sec> patients are getting frustrated at more tests and fewer answers .  authors say doctors are trapped in a dysfunctional system that values `` cookbook medicine '' .  using 8 pillars to better diagnosis can help you work with your docto .
 the sound of philadelphia , heard around the world <sec> philadelphia international records was influential 1970s label .  pir , founded by kenneth gamble and leon huff , was home to o'jays , others .  label heads and producers `` infatuated '' with distinctive instruments , says huf .
 records : cannibal suspect released from jail days before alleged killing <sec> new : kinyua was arrested after a fight on morgan state 's campus , a spokesman says .  new : the `` very good '' student was ousted from school after that fight , the spokesman adds .  kinyua , 21 , was released from jail 2 days before allegedly killing his housemate , records show .  police say he admits cutting up the 37-year-old man and eating his heart and part of his brai .
 'magical monaco ' still stirs alain prost <sec> formula one 's monaco grand prix takes place on sunday .  four-time world champion alain prost won four times in the principality .  the race featured many of his great battles with big rival ayrton senna .  the city-state is transformed every year as 200,000 people arrive for rac .
 review : the captains of 'battleship ' deserve a medal <sec> `` battleship '' is a rousing , engaging , and emotionally complex action war picture .  there 's a nice little scene in which humans have to make a difficult decision .  taylor kitsch does an admirable , controlled job of steering his characte .
 sources : suspect in sister 's death had knife at school <sec> police say california boy , 12 , arrested on suspicion of fatally stabbing sister leila fowler , 8 .  boy was suspended this year for bringing small pocketknife to school , two sources say .  authorities have n't said what kind of knife was used in girl 's deat .
 can the west cultivate ideas from cuba 's 'special period ' ? <sec> cuba 's economic hardship in early 1990 's led to reorganization of agriculture .  urban and organic farming implemented plus break up of inefficient large farms .  some see cuba 's experience as way to cope with problems of future oil crise .
 police in greece , bulgaria bust baby trafficking ring <sec> authorities in bulgaria , greece arrest around a dozen people .  they are accused of having sold babies in greece .  clients are said to have paid between 15,000 and 20,000 euros per chil .
 the extra benefits of exercise <sec> ron cothran wishes he had been more active when his kids were younger .  he 's seen the effect exercise can have on his job , mind .  follow ron 's journey training for a triathlon on twitter @ trihardro .
 messi takes third ballon d'or crown <sec> lionel messi crowned world footballer of the year after winning ballon d'or award .  barcelona and argentina striker claims the award for the third successive year .  messi won four titles with barcelona in 2011 including the champions league .  messi 's club manager at barcelona , pep guardiola , is named coach of the yea .
 mother of libyan woman who alleged rape says daughter still in custody <sec> the libyan government says eman al-obeidy was released .  woman 's family says they were offered money to convince her to change her story .  the woman is a lawyer , parents say ; government called her mentally ill .  al-obeidy was kidnapped by gadhafi forces , father say .
 on earth day , check out one woman 's 'zero waste ' life <sec> 26-year-old atlanta woman uses a mason jar as a trash can .  she has produced about as much waste in six months as an average person does in less than a day .  she strives to live a 'zero waste ' lifestyl .
 hope solo judge dismisses domestic violence charges <sec> hope solo said it had been one of the most emotionally draining times of her life .  she had been accused of assaulting two relatives at a home in washington stat .
 oscars bring gifts for a-list to d-list <sec> lisa gal prepares $ 7,000 gift bags for four seasons ' top celeb guests .  roger neal 's beauty and couture suite pampers actors , but benefits orphans .  a-listers get jewels , d-listers popcorn at kari feinstein 's oscar style loung .
 i ran 50 marathons in 50 states , all while battling cancer <sec> don wright finished his goal of running 50 marathons in 50 states last month .  his last race was in honolulu , which he ran with his daughter .  wright says an experimental drug has helped him keep his cancer at ba .
 cnn student news - april 4 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 two dead in calamitous alberta flooding <sec> a third person is missing in the floods , the rcmp says .  about 10,000 people in medicine hat are evacuated .  alberta 's premier offers condolences to the victims ' families .  a calgary official reassures residents the bridges are saf .
 world post day : check out these cool vintage postcards <sec> october 9 is world post day , celebrating the 1874 creation of the first postal union .  swiss businessman adolf feller began collecting postcards in the late 19th century .  his collection contains 54,000 postcards from 140 countrie .
 justin timberlake , jessica biel welcome baby <sec> timberlake and biel welcome son silas randall timberlake .  the couple announced the pregnancy in januar .
 'garbage chicken ' a grim staple for manila 's poor <sec> many in manila 's slums survive on chicken scraps from trash bags .  called 'pagpag ' it is part of a hidden food system for urban poor .  salvaged chicken is washed and resold by pagpag merchant .
