 libya taps engineer who lived in u.s. for decades as interim leader <sec> new : el-keib pledges to respect human rights , `` but we need time '' .  he is an engineer who had lived in the united states since 1975 .  he 'll hold post while constitution is written , elections se .
 'we had no idea what to expect ' <sec> jenni watts produced expedition : sumatra , cnn 's new environment special .  the team traveled round indonesia charting some of the biggest issues affecting the country .  they visited an orangutan conservation group trying to protect the endangered specie .
 barcelona draw arsenal in champions league <sec> draw for the uefa champions league to take place in switzerland on friday .  holders barcelona are favorites to retain their crown .  the final is worth an estimated $ 421 million in economic terms , according to sponsors .  this year 's final will be held in madrid , spain , on may 2 .
 protests lead to temporary closings of bay area train stations <sec> police close , reopen stations to thwart demonstrators .  at least three people are taken into custody at the civic center station .  bart is at the center of controversy over shootings , cutting cell service .  there have been other protests in the pas .
 record setting coach revered , reviled and ready for the game of the year <sec> no . .  1 lsu faces no . .  2 alabama saturday in college football game of the year .  alabama coach nick saban has coached both teams to national championsips .  saban has angered some with his ugly departures from previous coaching jobs .  saban is only coach to take two different schools to college football 's bcs championshi .
 jay chou : asia 's reluctant superstar <sec> multi-million album selling taiwanese pop idol still lives with his mother .  has turned hand to acting and directing recently working with chow yun-fat .  career began when spotted at a talent competitio .
 serena williams storms past sharapova to claim sixth miami title <sec> serena williams claims a record sixth miami masters title beating maria sharapova in three sets .  williams surpasses record for most wins at event she had jointly held with steffi gra .
 five unsettling hacks from defcon and black hat <sec> security researchers showed the latest phone , home and car hacks in las vegas .  smartphones were hacked through chargers , malware and femtocells .  some cameras in computers , toys and smart tvs can be secretly viewed by third partie .
 revelations from todd rundgren <sec> todd rundgren 's new album is `` arena , '' full of power-chord rockers .  rundgren started career with pop hits , quickly detoured into new areas .  new album , about threats to masculinity , is timelier than he imagined , he say .
 van der sloot on video : no sleep lost over holloway 's dumped body <sec> suspect says on hidden camera holloway appeared to have died on beach .  lawyer : facts disprove client 's videotaped story of natalee holloway 's death .  holloway 's mom says video leaves no doubt about daughter 's death .  report : hidden camera captures suspect saying holloway 's body was dumpe .
 hillary clinton uses katrina to tout mary landrieu - cnnpolitics.com <sec> hillary clinton reached back to hurricane katrina to herald mary landrieu on saturday .  `` she was relentless , '' clinton said of the senator 's work after the 2005 storm .  the former first lady also knocked president george w. bush in her speech .  landrieu touted her 18-year experience in the senate , despite a national anti-incumbent moo .
 u.s. navy commander apologizes for ship stuck in reef off philippines <sec> a u.s. navy minesweeper got stuck thursday in a sensitive reef off the philippines .  it remained there sunday , with no sailors aboard and its damage still not surveyed .  a u.s. navy official says , `` i greatly regret any damage this ... caused the tubbataha reef '' .  the reef , a world heritage site , contains threatened and endangered marine specie .
 how to end the war in afghanistan <sec> afghan president karzai is talking to taliban representatives .  fareed zakaria says a negotiated settlement is the only way to end the war .  he says compromise possible between karzai government and taliban .  after nine years , the u.s. needs to reduce its forces in afghanistan , he say .
 'better call saul : ' before , during , post 'breaking bad ' <sec> the new series will reportedly jump between decades .  there 's a chance walter white may appear .  the spin-off will reunite bob odenkirk with jonathan bank .
 the 3-d revolution will blow you away <sec> a company in china reportedly used 3-d printers to make 10 houses in a day .  sally kohn : 3-d printers have potential to address problems like hunger , pollution .  she says scientists are even experimenting with printing human tissues , organs .  kohn : millions worldwide can benefit from 3-d printed houses or food .
 mladic could face two trials for alleged bosnian war crimes <sec> former bosnia serb gen. ratko mladic could have a war crimes indictment split in two .  one indictment would focus on the 1995 srebrenica massacre .  the other indictment would focus on the shelling of sarajevo and taking u.n. staff hostage .  prosecutors want to begin the trial as soon as possible ; mladic says he is `` gravely ill .
 opinion : why being a boss is like a hostage crisis <sec> as a former hostage negotiator , george kohlrieser has been held hostage four times .  he says hostage negotiators are successful because they build trust through dialogue .  today , kohlrieser works mostly with corporate leaders instead of hostage takers .  he says building a `` secure base '' to employees is essential for good leadershi .
 new order : ex-bandmates find 'unique way of arguing ' <sec> new order former bandmates trade bitter words while fighting over right to name .  new order was formed in 1980 by bernard sumner , peter hook and steven morris .  hook left in 2007 , and band reformed without him . .  he says he feels excluded .  hook 's new band the light is playing two dates in the united states this wee .
 ibrahimovic on the spot as milan go top <sec> zlatan ibrahimovic scores penalty in fourth successive serie a match for ac milan .  italian champions return to the top of the table with 2-0 win at home to siena .  atalanta 's german denis heads scoring charts after 11th goal in draw with fiorentina .  chievo move up to eighth place with a 2-0 win at home to cagliar .
 bye bye balotelli : 'super mario ' returns to italy with milan <sec> mario balotelli joins ac milan after leaving manchester city .  the 22-year-old signs four-and-a-half-year deal with italian club .  he had a troubled time in england , both on and off the pitch .  balotelli describes his city career as `` a very good experience .
 zookal will deliver textbooks using drones <sec> textbook supplier zookal will start to use unmanned drones in australia next year .  smartphone users in sydney can order books to be delivered directly to them .  plans to make service available in u.s .
 uyghur gitmo detainees resettle in bermuda <sec> new : bermudan premier : `` above all , this was a humanitarian act '' .  uyghurs are native chinese muslims ; the detainees were apprehended in pakistan .  china urges u.s. to hand over all 17 uyghurs held at guantanamo bay , cuba .  official says u.s. still negotiating with palau to take remaining 13 uyghur .
 opinion : do n't be shocked by pope francis <sec> william donohue : pope francis seeks to provoke and shake us out of our comfort zone .  donohue : but he is not about to turn the catholic church upside down , inside out .  he says pope francis unequivocally rejects both abortion and same-sex marriage .  donohue : pope is right that single-issue catholics need to rise above their concern .
 clinton says young north korean leader 'has a choice ' <sec> new : `` rather than spending money on implements of war , feed your people , '' clinton says .  the u.s. secretary of state hopes north korea 's kim jung un `` will chart a different course '' .  the foreign and defense ministers of the u.s. and south korea meet in washington .  they jointly affirm their alliance , calling it a `` linchpin '' to assuring security in south asi .
 the 'simba lift ' and other stories from the 'embeds ' on the campaign trail <sec> every 4 years , journalists join presidential campaign trail .  cnn sent a group starting in 2011 .  four of them share stories here of the campaign trai .
 cuts on hull of grounded u.s. warship expected soon <sec> six days of calm weather needed to cut up warship 's hull .  hull of minesweeper to be cut into three parts .  uss guardian ran aground on philippine reef in januar .
 bernie sanders is watching the left organize elsewhere - cnnpolitics.com <sec> bernie sanders needs the liberal grassroots to rally around a prospective presidential bid .  liberal activists have rallied around the idea of sen. elizabeth warren running for president .  sanders says campaigns -- and media -- should focus on issues , not personalitie .
 rocket fired into northern israel from lebanon <sec> new : israel responds with artillery to rocket fired from lebanon .  at least 91 palestinians have been killed since monday , officials say .  spokesman for israeli military says 30,000 reservists have reported for duty .  gaza resident says if there is a ground offensive 'i have nowhere to go .
 survey : more workers prefer a male boss than a female boss <sec> after a cnn column on women and work , many commenters said they prefer working for men .  new gallup survey finds more americans still choose a male boss , but the gap is narrowing .  in survey , 23 % said they prefer working for a woman , the highest number in study 's history .  a double standard contributes to the gender gap , say experts on women in the workplac .
 two nigerian unions suspend strike after president cuts fuel prices <sec> new : nigerian joint action front calls for continued strikes over fuel subsidy .  the nigeria labor congress suspends strikes and protests , citing progress .  president goodluck jonathan announced a reduction in fuel prices on monday .  nigeria has been wracked by protests for more than a week over the end of a fuel subsid .
 could this futuristic building house an entire city ? <sec> beijing-based firm sure architecture has proposed a skyscraper mirroring a city infrastructure .  the 300-meter high building is made up of floors of apartments , offices , shops and even parks .  at the heart of the tower , running from the bottom to the top are two `` streets '' .  the proposal has been suggested for london , although it is still in its early stage .
 ohio man sought in deaths of family kills self <sec> new : davon crawford shoots self after police find him in bathroom .  crawford was accused of shooting wife , her sister and her three children .  12-year-old escaped ; 7-year-old in hospital after being shot .  `` domestic argument '' may have sparked shooting , police chief say .
 georgia slayings 911 call : 'my whole family 's dead ' <sec> police identify one of deceased as 19-year-old michael toller .  guy heinze jr. heard on 911 call telling dispatcher he arrived home to find bodies .  `` i do n't know what to do , man , '' heinze tells 911 . .  `` my dad , he 's laying there dead '' .  police say `` no known suspects '' in the attack ; 7 dead at scene , 8th died late .
 cnn exclusive : congressional insider trading ban might not apply to families - cnnpolitics.com <sec> stock act bans members of congress from insider trading .  guidelines for members of the house say spouses and children are n't covered .  sponsors of bill say they intended to restore trust in washington .  house majority leader cantor 's office says it will take steps to close loophol .
 will mystery of amelia earhart be solved ? <sec> susan butler thinks new expedition wo n't find amelia earhart 's vanished plane .  butler wrote a biography of earhart , a pioneer of aviation who inspired women pilots .  earhart was wildly famous in her day , broke countless speed and distance records .  butler went on expedition to find earhart plane ; thinks new project is looking at wrong islan .
 gay syrians tell of fear of isis persecution <sec> `` lgbt people in syria need help , and they need to be supported , '' says nour , a syrian gay rights activist now living in turkey .  `` we tried to reach out to some groups , international entities , and they said that lgbt people in syria are not our priority , '' he says .  the international gay and lesbian human rights commission is calling for action to protect lgbt syrians and iraqis from isi .
 inside cairo 's desert ghost towns <sec> cairo 's satellite cities were first conceived more than 30 years ago to ease overcrowding .  recently they have become home to exclusive gated compounds , often standing empty .  photographer jason larkin spent two years documenting the developments in a project called cairo divide .
 pinterest : revamped profile pages , ipad app coming soon <sec> ben silbermann is co-founder and ceo of photo-sharing site pinterest .  silbermann spoke on tuesday at sxsw interactive .  pinterest `` is about helping people to discover things they did n't know they wanted , '' he says .  the fast-growing site has more than 11 million unique monthly user .
 howard stern caller eric 'the actor ' lynch dead at 39 <sec> listeners enjoyed lynch 's testy on-air relationship with howard stern .  late-night tv host jimmy kimmel : lynch was `` my all-time favorite howard stern caller '' .  artie lange : lynch `` truly did n't care what u thought of him '' .  health problems did n't keep lynch from working on several tv show .
 opinion : the kremlin 's game with alexei navalny <sec> david satter : a cat and mouse game is being played out in russia on alexei navalny .  satter : its consequences could cast a shadow over the future of the putin regime .  he says russia 's corruption is enormous ; the likes of navalny is a threat to putin .  satter : the failure to reform the system will set the stage for a deeper crisis in the futur .
 iraqi kurds begin exporting oil <sec> first time iraq 's semi-autonomous kurdish region has officially exported oil .  turkish company says only 40,000 barrels of oil would be exported a day .  could increase to as many as 450,000 barrels a day .  iraqi government will get the bulk of the earnings from kurdish export .
 one to watch : former nfl player turns filmmaker <sec> former nfl player matthew cherry is a rising filmmaker .  his first feature film is loosely based on his own experience .  `` the last fall '' stars lance gross , who sees the film as `` a love story '' .  cherry hopes it will educate audiences and humanize player .
 jordan spieth : autistic sister is key inspiration <sec> jordan spieth hails autistic younger sibling as his biggest supporter .  ice-cool display made him second-youngest winner behind tiger wood .
 st. louis mayor : 'no evidence ' hammer attack was related to ferguson , race <sec> a 32-year-old man died after being assaulted sunday by a group , at least 1 with a hammer .  three juveniles have been arrested ; police are still looking for a fourth suspect .  st. louis mayor : `` no evidence '' that victim 's race or ethnicity was related to attack .  francis slay : it is n't the fault of police that suspects ' kin did n't know they were out so lat .
 how to be a parisian : 11 ways to fake it <sec> writer who lived in french capital for almost 20 years reveals how to fit in .  sort out the coffee minefield -- fast .  learn to stroll aimlessly .  never check a restaurant bill -- not when anyone 's looking , anywa .
 holy art show , batman ! adam west paints his vision <sec> adam west began painting privately 40 years ago .  his art is `` cultural pop art expressionist '' .  west says he 's opening `` a new phase '' of his caree .
 obama 's former doctor critical of white house health care plan <sec> dr. david scheiner says president 's health care plan does n't go far enough .  he 's worried that `` private insurers continue to be a part of the health scheme '' .  he 'd rather see the u.s. have a single-payer system like those in canada , europe .  he says he was supposed to speak at obama town hall but was dropped from i .
 judge brewers by their beer <sec> millercoors ceo : small brewers want to exclude large brewers ' products in craft category .  he says his company wants to be judged not by its size , but the quality of its products .  tom long : company acquired a craft brewery nearly 25 years ago .  he says the company 's craft , import brands operate autonomousl .
 european christmas markets rich with history <sec> copenhagen 's tivoli gardens glitters with lights during the market .  advent markets have been held for hundreds of years .  handmade crafts , local snacks and mulled wine are typica .
 left shark is an artiste ! <sec> s.e . .  cupp : criticism of left shark 's missteps in the katy perry super bowl halftime are undeserved . .  left shark is an artiste .  she says as a young interpretive dancer she worked to plumb the motivations of her character .
 aaron hernandez pal pleads not guilty to charge in odin lloyd killing <sec> ernest wallace pleads not guilty to charge linked to slaying of odin lloyd in june .  authorities : wallace , aaron hernandez and third man picked up lloyd the night he was killed .  ex-tight end hernandez has pleaded not guilty to first-degree murder in lloyd 's deat .
 california wine country -- with kids ? <sec> sonoma county is home to 1,800 growers and 450 wineries .  the benziger winery offers tram tours of the organic farm and an insectary for kids .  safari west is a wildlife preserve where you can see animals in their habita .
 opinion : dems handing gop key to undo obamacare <sec> newt gingrich : unintended effect of senate filibuster change will be obamacare repeal .  dems ditching 60-vote rule means only 51 in gop needed to push through changes , he says .  he says gop 's 2016 candidates will be asked to commit to repealing law .  gingrich : possibility of undoing law raises stakes of next two election .
 ted-i-am really likes obamacare ( opinion ) <sec> paul begala notes ( in verse ) ted cruz 's apparent change of heart on obamacare , which he slammed but has now signed up for .  he says cruz 's politics will demand he continue to advocate for law 's repeal despite benefits he receives from its coverag .
 hawaii for beach haters <sec> dormant volcano mauna kea on the big island is the highest mountain in the state .  drive up the flank of maui 's mt haleakala to explore the surreal , lunar-like landscape .  numerous helicopter companies offer up-in-the-air jaunts over kaua ' .
 caroline wozniacki completes marathon , 'toughest physical challenge ever ' <sec> caroline wozniacki completes the new york marathon in just over three hours , 26 minutes .  she was met at the finish line by one of her best pals , fellow tennis player serena williams .  wozniacki ran for charity after saying it was on her `` bucket list '' to take part in the race .  wozniacki was formerly engaged to the world 's top-ranked golfer , rory mcilro .
 investigators : blown tire caused deadly tennessee church bus collision <sec> october 3-vehicle crash in eastern tennessee left eight people dead , police say .  highway patrol says blunt-force impact caused tire to blow , bus to veer across median .  inquiry turns up no evidence that drivers were impaired or bus was in disrepair .  bus was carrying seniors home from religious conference in gatlinbur .
 sri lanka 's 'anti-terror ' arrests : an attempt to intimidate activists ? <sec> two sri lankan human rights activists held under anti-terror laws have been released .  their arrests were condemned by the u.s. , uk and international rights groups .  police say they were held after visiting addresses of interest in connection to a police shooting .  one of the men believes the arrests are linked to a push to condemn sri lanka at the u.n .
 ex-nfler rob konrad says he swam 9 miles to safety <sec> ex-dolphins player rob konrad says he fell off his boat while fishing in south florida .  he says he spent 16 hours in water , constantly telling himself he could swim to shor .
 high court rules for police in suspect chase onto private property <sec> a california homeowner sued police after an officer chased a suspect onto her property .  she says the officer invaded her home without a warrant , but a judge sided with the officer .  on appeal , a federal court found for the homeowner , allowing the lawsuit to proceed .  the u.s. supreme court sides with the officer , citing his `` qualified immunity .
 feds begin crackdown on online pharmacies <sec> two pharmacies sold drugs without valid prescriptions , federal agents say .  the online pharmacies in utah and illinois are owned by the same person , affidavits say .  the affidavits say most of the drugs were highly addictiv .
 tennessee police : suspect 's wife , her relatives among 6 slain <sec> new : suspect 's wife and her son , brother and father among the dead , police say .  30-year-old jacob shaffer was arrested saturday , police said .  shaffer faces murder charges , tennessee bureau of investigation says .  five bodies were found at two homes in tennessee ; one victim in alabam .
 blackberry 's dwindling users ponder an uncertain future <sec> on monday , blackberry announced that it was being taken private .  despite decline in consumer sales , there are still 50 million blackberry users .  they 're very loyal to the brand and hope change is harbinger of an upswin .
 opinion : dave eggers turns technology dream into a nightmare <sec> in a novel , a character proposes that a social network should take on government functions .  `` the circle '' is proposed as a venue for voter registration , and every government service .  author dave eggers paints dark picture of corporations using digital networks to erase privacy .  does eggers ' vision resemble the kind of totalitarianism depicted in `` 1984 '' .
