 pirates foiled in a second attack on maersk alabama cargo ship <sec> new : captain of virgin islands-flagged ship , hijacked monday , confirmed to have died .  maersk alabama , after april hijacking in which pirates died , thwarts attack wednesday .  other pirates apparently fight over ransom money from spanish vessel hijacking .  top prosecutor in madrid calls for investigation into reported ranso .
 europeans targeted in latest mali kidnaps , killing <sec> a foreigner killed in northern mali friday was probably a german , officials say .  a swede and a dutchman were kidnapped , along with a third person , officials say .  two french citizens were confirmed kidnapped in central mali thursda .
 gates open to more troops in afghanistan , if necessary <sec> defense secretary would consider it if u.s. commander says he needs more .  gen. stanley mcchrystal preparing review of operation for gates .  still , secretary gates said , any amount over 68,000 approved would not be much .  wants low u.s. profile in afghanistan , chance to see if 68,000 is enoug .
 pope condemns child abuse as 'heinous crime ' <sec> weakening of faith a `` significant contributing factor '' in child sex abuse , pope says .  independent irish report found catholic church in ireland had covered up `` widespread '' abuse .  pope challenges bishops to face current crisis with `` honesty and courage '' .  new : victims group says pope `` clearly failed the victims and the irish people .
 neil young 's pono music player raises millions <sec> neil young 's pono music raises $ 6.2 million on kickstarter .  that 's the third-largest campaign in kickstarter 's history .  the music player promises high-quality , non-compressed soun .
 does commute seem shorter ? report confirms less traffic <sec> texas transportation institute : less time in traffic , less wasted gas in 2007 .  a declining economy helps relieve congestion on u.s. roads , institute says .  institute : workers still lost a full week 's worth of job time trapped in traffic jam .
 california shooter elliot rodger thought plan was over in april <sec> names of three other victims released .  elliot rodger had guns and plans to kill people when deputies came to his home .  authorities say he killed 6 people friday before apparently shooting himself in the head .  rodger wrote 140 pages about his life and frustrations about wome .
 survivor still haunted by 1971 air crash <sec> german girl , 17 , was only survivor of 1971 plane crash in peruvian rainforest .  juliane koepcke fell more than 3km into jungle attached to a row of seats .  koepcke suffered minor injuries , survived for 10 days alone in rainforest .  koepcke haunted by ordeal ; especially when confronted with other air disaster .
 lil ' wayne pleads guilty to arizona drug charge <sec> lil wayne pleads guilty to drug charge .  already in jail for drug charge .  rapper may get 36 months probation for arizona cas .
 north korea test-fires 3 short-range missiles , seoul says <sec> seoul says it believes north korea fired three short-range missiles earlier this week .  short-range missile tests are common and cause less concern than longer-range ones .  the tests come nearly a month after the death of the north korean leader kim jong il .  his youngest son and designated successor , kim jong un , has become the new leade .
 katherine heigl sues drugstore for tweeting photo , demands $ 6 million <sec> actress accuses duane reade of misappropriating her image .  money she receives would go to a charity created in the memory of heigl 's brother .  the photo showed heigl apparently leaving a duane reade .  the drugstore chain declined to comment on the lawsui .
 white house invokes executive privilege for rove in attorney firings <sec> executive privilege to keep karl rove from testifying about attorney firings .  white house says it is trying to protect president 's ability to receive candid advice .  white house invoked executive privilege to block other advisers ' testimony .  senator accuses white house of trying to cover up rove 's role in the firing .
 a consumer 's guide to streaming tv devices <sec> amazon 's fire tv further crowds the market for streaming devices .  apple , google , roku and samsung are also key players .  report : 7.6 million u.s. households exclusively use web streaming and downloads .  we compare details on some of the field 's top device .
 the jesus of siberia <sec> russian patrol officer turned self-proclaimed jesus has following of thousands .  followers live in a self-sufficient community in a remote region of siberia .  after years of asking , vice 's request to visit was finally granted last summe .
 4 die , 38 hurt in california tour-bus crash <sec> highway 101 near soledad , california , closed in both directions .  12 ambulances , 7 helicopters dispatched to the scene .  the cause of the crash has not been determine .
 playboy model cassandra lynn hensley found dead in los angeles home <sec> the autopsy on playboy 's miss february 2006 was done thursday .  it will take several weeks before a cause of death is determined , coroner says .  her body was found wednesda .
 michael dunn found guilty of murder in loud-music trial <sec> michael dunn found guilty of murder in 2012 shooting death of jordan davis , 17 .  dunn killed davis after an argument over loud music coming from davis ' friend 's suv .  4 counts on which dunn was convicted in february command at least 60 years in prison .  he said he fired 10 shots in self-defense ; prosecutors called dunn aggresso .
 judge orders chemotherapy for 13-year-old cancer patient <sec> daniel hauser can remain with his parents , but must start treatments thursday .  mother will accept whatever treatment court orders , lawyer says .  13-year-old needs chemotherapy , doctors and court say .  treatment 's side effects concerned the boy 's parent .
 inter coach mourinho extends san siro deal <sec> jose mourinho has extended his contract with serie a champions inter milan .  the decision kills off speculation that he could be on his way to real madrid .  former chelsea supremo now contracted with italian club until 30 june 201 .
 u.s.-china deal : watershed moment for climate politics <sec> u.s. , china announce historic climate deal to cut carbon emissions .  deal is a `` watershed moment for climate politics '' writes david holmes .  breakthrough could put climate back on the g20 agenda this weekend .  australian government has been ridiculed for its regressive climate policie .
 couple loses 500 pounds in two years <sec> willie and angela gillis weighed 492 and 338 pounds respectively .  through diet and exercise , the couple dropped more than 500 pounds .  they credit their strong relationship with helping them lose weigh .
 funky fries and other foods that flopped <sec> there are some foods that americans refuse to eat .  failed to sell : funky fries with chocolate , cinnamon-flavored fries .  coffee or celery-flavored gelatin desserts .  adults did n't eat up baby food for big peopl .
 mayor rob ford on sports show : accusations 'outright lie ' <sec> toronto mayor denies trying to buy an incriminating video from criminal suspects .  ford is infamous for admitting he smoked crack .  he is still in office and tells radio hosts that he 's confident he 'll be re-elected next octobe .
 world cup kickoff is upon us ; here are five things to get you ready <sec> croatia 's brazilian-born eduardo da silva reportedly will sing both national anthems .  group stage whittles teams down to 16 , which then enter march madness-style bracket .  since 1930 , world cup has been held every four years except in 1942 and 1946 .  only eight teams have won cup ; brazil has won five and now has home-field advantag .
 alex rodriguez accepts 162-game suspension <sec> alex rodriguez withdraws federal lawsuits seeking to overturn doping suspension .  notices of dismissal were filed friday .  the yankees slugger received a record 162-game suspension for alleged steroid us .
 in digital age , can movie piracy be stopped ? <sec> pirated version of `` wolverine '' distributed online weeks before movie 's debut .  industry employs technology like digital watermarks to hinder thieves .  pending french legislation would shut down internet accounts of downloaders .  mpaa exec says fans should consider the livelihood of those who make film .
 dan wheldon wins indy 500 in spectacular finish <sec> wheldon narrowly beats another driver who crashed .  drivers had to deal with a new rule change .  new rule forced racers to line up in double-file during restarts , which could cause mayhe .
 peace prevails in baltimore , but n.y. protest gets rowdy <sec> protests spread to new york and denver , with more scheduled for other cities .  more than 100 people arrested in baltimore this week are release .
 ukraine protesters rebuild barricades after crackdown <sec> chief opponent dismisses president viktor yanukovych 's call for negotiations .  yanukovych invites `` all political forces , priests , public figures '' to hold a `` dialogue '' .  interior minister says there will be no crackdown on protest , state media reports .  u.s. secretary of state john kerry voices u.s. `` disgust '' with overnight crackdow .
 what will aereo 's tv watchers do now ? <sec> the u.s. supreme court ruled against streaming startup aereo .  aereo used micro-antennae to pick up broadcast networks for users .  some are turning to digital options instead of cable .  new shows , live events are still tricky to ge .
 no truce with ukraine , rebel leader says <sec> aleksandr zakharchenko : no sense in talking peace since we 're on the offensive .  zakharchenko is the leader of rebels in eastern ukraine 's donetsk region .  he says he still wants prisoner exchange .
 cotto sure he 'll topple mayweather ; betting , boxing worlds not so certain <sec> match will pit aggressive miguel cotto against fleet-footed floyd mayweather .  team cotto says boxer has `` blueprint '' to hand floyd mayweather first loss .  former champ roy jones jr. skeptical , says cotto will have to change style .  mayweather uncharacteristically heaping praise on cotto before figh .
 investec loyal 's sydney-hobart victory in doubt over tv helicopter incident <sec> investec loyal takes line honors in rolex sydney-hobart yacht race .  five-time winner wild oats xi finishes second in tasmanian capital .  three minutes eight seconds separated the first two .  line honors victory under protest over incident involving tv helicopte .
 boyfriend gets maximum sentence in swimsuit designer 's murder <sec> in july , a jury convicted nicholas brooks for the second-degree murder of sylvie cachay .  brooks has been sentenced to 25 years to life in prison .  cachay 's bruised body was found in an overflowing hotel bathtub in 2010 .  brooks will be eligible for parole in 25 year .
 should google be running scared from apple ? <sec> google is trying to quell fears that its android system could be the next target for apple .  experts say google had better watch its back over possible patent litigation .  analysts : there 's no evidence the core android system has infringed on apple 's patent .
 complete seoul business travel guide <sec> business travelers should factor in plenty of buffer time for getting to meetings in seoul .  addresses and directions can be tricky .  be prepared to drink and bo .
 lessons of the 40 years since nixon went to china <sec> on february 21 , 1972 , president nixon , china 's zhou enlai signed a path-breaking accord .  kenneth lieberthal : nixon 's opening to china had particular motives for both nations .  he says concerns have shifted , but u.s. and china need each other more than ever .  lieberthal : letting relationship drift is a recipe for antagonism and security danger .
 how tory burch works it <sec> fashion mogul tory burch enjoys a harmonious working environment .  she worked with a feng shui master to achieve the right flow .  details of burch 's retail spaces are echoed in the company 's offices .  'the little prince ' is a favorite book of hers and it is displayed prominentl .
 silva strike leaves manchester city clear of local rivals united <sec> david silva goal gives manchester city 1-0 win over arsenal .  champions manchester united easy 2-0 winners at qpr .  tottenham hotspur in third place after 1-0 home win over sunderland .  aston villa fans jeer team after 2-0 home loss to liverpoo .
 u.s. official : missile hit malaysia airlines plane <sec> new : u.s. official : obama administration believes ukraine did n't have capability to shoot down plane .  analyst : in volatile region , will there be `` a really objective , international investigation ? '' .  ukrainian officials accuse pro-russian separatists of shooting down the plane .  putin : ukraine 's military campaign against separatists is to blam .
 famed photographer urges moms to vaccinate kids <sec> united nations foundation 's shot @ life campaign promotes childhood vaccines .  1.5 million children die each year from diseases that are preventable by vaccines .  anne geddes asks mothers to celebrate mother 's day by donating $ 2 .
 mlb to investigate banana throwing incident at giants stadium <sec> mlb to investigate incident at orioles/giants game sunday .  orioles centerfield adam jones angry after claiming a fan threw a banana at him .  jones took to twitter to voice his displeasure .  giants apologize for the inciden .
 gop 's gregg accepts commerce secretary post <sec> new : bonnie newman , gregg 's former chief of staff , to be picked to replace him .  president obama calls gregg a `` master of reaching across the aisle '' .  sen. gregg lauds obama 's `` bold and aggressive '' plan to get country moving .  gregg 's selection marks the third republican nomination to obama 's cabine .
 chilling at home with miley cyrus <sec> miley cyrus ' disney channel alter ego is hannah montana , a pop sensation .  cyrus has two bedrooms , one for sleeping and one for hanging out .  the family bought their new l.a. home in the wake of cyrus ' recent success .  cyrus lives with her mom , dad , grandmother , two brothers and two sister .
 ibm draws criticism for job cuts , outsourcing <sec> ibm criticized for plans to shift u.s. jobs to india while seeking stimulus money .  ibm ceo has said $ 30 billion could create 1 million jobs in next 12 months .  plan shows conflicting interests between ibm and u.s. , analyst says .  american public needs to stand up and say , 'this is just not right , ' analyst say .
 finding new answers to feeding a growing world population <sec> europe 's crisis will top g8 meeting agenda friday , but talks will also focus on world hunger .  as commitments expire , donor governments wo n't be able to solve hunger problem alone .  30 african governments have food security , agricultural development investment plans .  they have created an interest in investing , with a focus on small farms , usaid official say .
 four-goal falcao stuns spaniards as porto take charge of semifinal <sec> porto poised for europa league final after thrashing villarreal 5-1 in home leg .  falcao scores four goals after spanish team take the lead through ruben cani .  benfica take 2-1 lead into second leg of semifinal against compatriots braga .  scottish club rangers punished by uefa for fans ' sectarian chantin .
 ron paul backers ' plan : transform the gop <sec> ron paul supporters want bottom-to-top takeover of gop .  part of the plan is electing supporters to party posts from local level and up .  supporters say they 're looking beyond 2012 to what 's down the road .  `` at the end of the day , this is all practice for the next time , '' paul director say .
 aeroclinic offers quick care for busy travelers <sec> new retail medical facility offers care to atlanta airport travelers , employees .  treatment available for minor acute illnesses such as strep throat , headache .  physical exams , vaccinations , monitoring of chronic diseases also offere .
 obama to 'reach out ' to karzai over insider attacks <sec> new : president obama says he will talk to president karzai about the issue .  new : obama spoke with the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , who is in afghanistan .  only about 10 % of the attacks are related to the insurgency , military officials say .  `` vulnerability of local police to ( terrorist ) influence is great , '' the u.s. top military official say .
 syria , u.s. surveillance in focus in group 's annual rights record <sec> human rights watch releases annual report looking at more than 90 countries .  international countries failing to protect syrian civilians , report says .  president obama 's record on national security issues under fire .  reports highlights alleged abuses in struggling democracie .
 fidel castro casts doubt on 'cuban model ' <sec> fidel castro told a journalist that the cuban model does n't work .  president raul castro has said as much in numerous speeches .  the comment was in response to question about importing cuban model .  fidel castro has avoided domestic topics in most of his public appearance .
 argentina loses motogp race <sec> next year 's argentine grand prix canceled .  row between oil firm repsol , spanish and argentine governments put pay to race .  travel warning by spanish government withdrawn too late .  motogp should return to termas de rio hondo in 201 .
 why herman cain ca n't be president <sec> david frum : herman cain is a great american success story .  he says cain 's tax plan is off-base but the concept behind it is admirable .  frum : cain 's lack of executive experience in government is a big problem .  he says that in today 's economic crisis , competence needed more than eve .
 20 feared dead as hindu-christian riots spread in india <sec> orissa state has historically been a tinderbox of hindu-christian tensions .  violence spread to southern india with churches attacked in karnataka state .  latest casualty was a policeman who died after a hindu mob torched a police station .  attack came 2 days after police fired on a crowd to prevent it attacking christian .
 luc mbah a moute : from african prince to king of nba <sec> luc richard mbah a moute is an nba basketball player for the milwaukee bucks .  mbah a moute 's father is the chief of the bia messe village in cameroon .  the energetic forward is regarded as one of the best defenders in the nba .  having taken part in basketball without borders , he wants to help africa 's youth realize their potentia .
 to survive after quake , the desperate target haiti 's orphanages <sec> 20 men attacked maison de lumiere , an orphanage in port-au-prince , aid workers say .  a u.s. advocacy organization is tracking attacks on haiti 's orphanages .  getting food , medical supplies and security top challenges faced by orphanages .  `` if people think you have food then they will come after it , '' one official say .
 nba coach and former all-star pleads guilty to drunk driving charge <sec> brooklyn nets coach jason kidd was charged with dwi last july .  he pleaded guilty tuesday , the suffolk county prosecutor 's office said .  the charge can be reduced if he completes required community service .  kidd has agreed to speak to high school students about the dangers of drunk drivin .
 u.s. staged mall attacks after al-shabaab siege <sec> the fbi says it 's not aware of any credible plot against u.s. malls .  the agency says it has a program to work with various malls nationwide to improve security .  al-shabaab terror group has released a video calling for an attack similar to one on a kenyan mall two years ag .
 copenhagen : city overview <sec> copenhagen has been described as the world 's most livable city .  the city is charming , with medieval streets , canals and royal palaces .  sleek danish design is evident everywhere and gives the city a modern edge .  the 'free city ' of christiania is testimony to danish open-mindednes .
 japanese kindergarten to pay $ 1.8 million over tsunami deaths <sec> kindergarten ordered to pay $ 1.8 million to parents from four families .  sendai district court told that staff sent children home on a bus straight into tsunami .  five children and one staff member on the bus were killed in the disaster in march 2011 .  the verdict is the first of its kind in japan and is expected to affect other case .
 official : dispatcher failed to warn slain cops about guns in home <sec> eric kelly , stephen mayhle and paul sciullo iii were shot to death saturday .  911 dispatcher failed to tell officers about guns in pittsburgh home .  official says dispatcher may have believed guns were n't involved in dispute .  dispatcher is on paid administrative leav .
 lance armstrong : 'i 'm more at ease now than i have been in 10 years ' <sec> lance armstrong participates in a mountain biking competition in colorado .  he talks 2 days after announcing he wo n't challenge a doping agency 's charges .  `` i do n't have anything to worry about , '' he says , insisting he 's at ease with move .  an anti-doping agency has accused him of performance-enhancing drug violation .
 thirty years later , sadat 's widow still hopes for peace <sec> thirty years after the camp david accords , anwar sadat 's widow hopes for peace .  jehan sadat 's husband was assassinated two years after the treaty signing .  she says islam is a religion of peace and the people of the mideast want peac .
