 fast food treat is shrinking <sec> fast-food restaurants are now targeting the nibbler , with smaller , snack-sized portions .  in july , dairy queen will offer a 7-ounce mini blizzard , 5 ounces tinier than its current `` small '' .  last year , burger king introduced bk burger shots , which disappeared .  doughnut shops , such as dunkin ' donuts , tempt the masses with doughnut hole .
 commentary : how insurance firms drive debate <sec> wendell potter : in my former job , i helped shape public opinion on health care .  he says insurance companies quietly seek to counter reform measures .  potter : industry worked to kill the clinton health reform plan .  he says he did n't want to be part of another effort to kill a health care pla .
 lawyer for alleged victims in assange case denies pentagon involvement <sec> attorney for alleged victims says rumors of pentagon or cia involvement are nonsense .  wikileaks founder julian assange 's attorney says his client denies all allegations .  assange told a tv network he had been warned about `` sex traps '' .  the fear that assange might leave sweden prompted a prosecutor to issue a warran .
 israel folau : rugby code-breaker in a league of his own <sec> australian rugby star has played rugby league , aussie rules and rugby union .  folau burst onto league scene as a 17-year-old and enjoying record-breaking career .  now 25 , folau moved to aussie rules football in 2011 ; played union since 2013 .  folau 's game a mixture of speed , power and agilit .
 review : 'alvin and the chipmunks : chipwrecked ' <sec> `` chipwrecked '' reverts to nothing more than a cynical flick for kids .  the movie features three chipmunks , three chipettes , and their father figure .  the chipmunks ' pop song covers are meticulously arrange .
 more rich chinese buy u.s. property <sec> china has emerged as one of the fastest-growing sources of international buyers for us real estate .  china and hong kong made up the second-largest group of foreign buyers of homes in the u.s .
 great world cup airplane paint jobs <sec> airlines are playing their part in the world cup fever , with many rolling out themed liveries .  brazil 's team is using a plane completely covered by graffiti art .  germany 's lufthansa has renamed eight of its planes to `` fanhansa .
 beating the bulge : brazil 's burgeoning obesity problem <sec> more than half of brazilians are now overweight and 1 in 7 are obese .  cardiovascular disease and stroke are leading causes of death in brazil , says expert .  extra-wide seats made available for obese people at 2014 world cu .
 west africa flooding affects 600,000 , u.n. reports <sec> u.n. begins distributing food to tens of thousands of homeless flood victims .  u.n. says 159 have died due to flooding ; key infrastructure damaged .  waterborne diseases like cholera are a concern , u.n. official says .  `` it is always the poor and vulnerable who suffer the most from floods , '' official say .
 kerry : u.s. is n't 'blind ' or 'stupid ' on iran <sec> `` this would be a good deal , or there 'll be no deal , '' secretary of state john kerry says .  nuclear talks with iran broke up without agreement early sunday .  french fm says paris was n't interested in a `` fool 's game '' .  president hassan rouhani says iran wo n't trade uranium enrichmen .
 opinion : racism is n't just a gop problem <sec> ruben navarrette : anti-immigration republicans are spoiling the grand old party .  navarrette : some democrats say race is a reason for failure of immigration reform .  he says racism is n't limited to one party ; it never has been in history .  navarrette : there are anti-latino elements in democratic and republican partie .
 nixon at 100 : a model for gop ? <sec> timothy stanley : wednesday is 100th anniversary of richard nixon 's birth .  he says gop could take a page from nixon on adapting . .  nixon was good at getting elected .  he says nixon was politcially strategic : backed era , poverty fighting measures , founded epa .  stanley : without watergate , he 'd likely still be popula .
 activists : house poised to block dc pot legalization - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the congressional spending bill blocks washington , dc lawmakers from implementing marijuana legalization .  d.c. marijuana activists ' worst fears were realized on tuesday night with the agreed upon language .  congress , under the district 's home rule charter , is able to veto every law approved by either dc voters or government .  `` this house language sucks , '' said adam eidinger , chair of the dc cannabis campaig .
 argentina crush south korea ; greece beat nigeria <sec> argentina on course for second round of world cup after defeating south korea 4-1 .  striker gonzalo higuain scores the first hat-trick of the tournament in south africa .  south korea concede early own-goal but pull back to 2-1 down at halftime .  new : greece beat 10-man nigeria 2-1 in the second group b match on thursda .
 relatives take sides in woody allen-dylan farrow case <sec> moses farrow : `` this was a vengeful way to pay him back for falling in love with soon-yi '' .  ronan farrow : `` i love and support my sister and i think her words speak for themselves '' .  dylan farrow : `` he sexually assaulted me '' .  letty aronson : `` he feels very badly for dylan , that she has been so poisoned .
 lebron 's samsung tweet the latest celebrity tech gaffe <sec> lebron james tweeted a complaint about the smartphone he endorses .  on social media , other celebrities have bagged on the brands they promote .  ellen degeneres used samsung onstage at oscars , iphone backstage .  expert says positive endorsements still outweigh such flub .
 keeping lincoln 's memory alive for 5 generations <sec> meserve-kunhardt family has been collecting lincoln items for five generations .  frederick hill meserve began collecting endangered lincoln photographs .  he published groundbreaking work on images of the 16th president .  his descendants have carried on and expanded his wor .
 ex-atlanta officers get prison time for cover-up in deadly raid <sec> new : two of three men get reduced sentences for cooperating with authorities .  three ex-atlanta police officers sentenced in elderly woman 's shooting death .  sentences range from five to 10 years , spokesman for federal prosecutors says .  kathryn johnston , 92 , killed in her home during botched drug raid in november 200 .
 a message from campbell brown <sec> 5-year-old kai anderson has a rare form of leukemia .  to cure it , he needs a bone marrow transplant .  click here for information on bone marrow drives in kai 's hono .
 pentagon grounds f-35 fleet after runway fire <sec> fire took place june 23 at eglin air force base .  the joint strike fighter is grounded for engine inspections .  the f-35 program has been beset by delays and cost overruns over the year .
 big three auto ceos flew private jets to ask for taxpayer money <sec> new : sen. reid cancels thursday 's planned test vote on bailout measure .  lawmaker : flying jet to hearing like going to `` soup kitchen in high hat and tuxedo '' .  rep. brad sherman asked ceos whether they would fly back commercial .  company representatives pointed to safety , travel policies as reasons for flying jet .
 'family ties ' creator goldberg dies at 68 <sec> gary david goldberg , who created `` family ties '' and `` spin city , '' has died .  he passed away saturday at his home in montecito , california .  he died of a brain tumor ; he was 6 .
 remembering senna : king of monaco <sec> ayrton senna won formula one 's monaco grand prix a record six times .  the brazilian was second on his debut on the track in 1984 , with the toleman team .  senna 's first win on the street circuit arrived in 1987 , his final season with lotus .  the three-time world champion won the race five years in a row between 1989-9 .
 france unseeded for world cup <sec> fifa announce seedings for friday 's 2010 world cup draw .  hosts south africa are in pot one with current holders italy .  france miss out on the seedings , based on october world ranking .
 first vietnamese-american elected to house 'speechless ' <sec> anh `` joseph '' cao is first vietnamese-american elected to the u.s. house .  cao , of louisiana , defeated rep. william jefferson , who was battling scandal .  cao says he hopes win will encourage young people to become politically activ .
 ben affleck will be a great batman , adam west says <sec> tv batman adam west spoke on the affleck casting at comic-con .  affleck will be `` really good '' in new movie , west believes .  the complete `` batman '' tv series is being released on dv .
 britain 's prince harry to start australian army stint <sec> prince harry is to begin a monthlong military attachment in australia .  he 'll be leaving the british armed forces in jun .
 katy perry dethrones justin bieber on twitter <sec> katy perry is now the most popular person on twitter .  the singer has knocked justin bieber out of the no . .  1 spot .  lady gaga is the third most popular , ahead of president obam .
 billboard focused on african-american abortions was taken down <sec> billboard on african-american abortion rates was put up over soho restaurant .  it read : `` the most dangerous place for an african-american is in the womb '' .  lamar advertising said it was taken down for public safety reason .
 police captain exonerated in wife 's murder , freed from prison <sec> judge in akron , ohio , finds man innocent of crime for which he was convicted in 1998 .  capt . .  douglas prade was found guilty of killing his wife , dr. margo prade .  new analysis of dna from victim 's lab coat excludes the defendant , court rules .  innocence project client released from prison hours later ; prosecutors will appea .
 with 7 billion on earth , a huge task before us <sec> jeffrey sachs : earth 's population will hit 7 billion this month ; milestone , huge challenge .  he says with earth 's resources already stretched thin , rapid growth is cause for concern .  he asks : how do we increase opportunities for all , leave a usable planet for future ? .  sachs : vital to switch to sustainable technologies , cut fertility rate .
 explainer : thailand 's political crisis <sec> thaksin supporters say that he gave the rural poor a voice and real benefits .  detractors say that as prime minister he was greedy , self-serving and dangerous .  current premier abhisit vejjajiva keen to show no one is above the rule of law .  current court case relates to shares transfer in thaksin communications compan .
 opinion : will my grandkids be fighting our 'forever war ' ? <sec> will bunch : reunions of troops with families great , but why are we still in afghanistan ? .  bunch : it made sense in 2001 , but 12 years later , bin laden is dead and al qaeda in ruins .  bunch : americans dying for little reason in a war that makes it riskier , not safer , at home .  pentagon estimates put us there till 2033 , meaning bunch 's grandkids could g .
 lebron 'king ' james picks miami heat , who sell out season tickets <sec> new : lebron james visits miami friday .  the heat have sold out their initial allotment of season tickets .  the cavs owner blasts james ' decision as `` cowardly betrayal '' .  james announces he is leaving cleveland to join all-stars dwyane wade and chris bosh in miam .
 yemeni vice president assures elections will go on as planned <sec> new : clinton says the yemeni president has `` failed to comply with his own commitments '' .  the foreign minister had hinted at an election delay .  some accuse president saleh of delaying power transfe .
 federer battles into estoril semis ; djokovic forced to retire <sec> world no . .  1 roger federer reaches semifinals of estoril open in portugal .  swiss star , the 2008 champion , overcomes slow start to beat arnaud clement .  novak djokovic 's serbia open title defense ends when he retires in quarterfinal .  world no . .  2 has been suffering with allergy and fatigue at his home event in belgrad .
 bruce dunning , cbs news correspondent , dies <sec> bruce dunning worked at cbs news for 35 years .  he died monday from injuries suffered in a fall , the network says .  dunning is reportedly survived by his partner , a brother and his sister-in-la .
 3 u.s. soldiers indicted in death of spanish journalist <sec> new : a national court judge ordered the soldiers to post a 1 million euro bond .  the long-running case stems from the death of a cameraman .  the three u.s. soldiers were first indicted by the judge in 200 .
 nigerian vp urges peace as president recuperates <sec> vice president goodluck jonathan is acting head of state .  president umaru yar'adua underwent three months of treatment in saudia arabia .  yar'adua 's absence sparked protests in the capital , abuj .
 disabled italian cruise ship slowly nearing seychelles <sec> the costa allegra is being towed and should arrive thursday , its owner says .  passengers and crew are using mineral water for washing , costa says .  an engine room fire on monday left the cruise liner without propulsion .  its fleet mate , the costa concordia , shipwrecked last month , killing at least 2 .
 mega millions jackpot jumps , could reach $ 1 billion <sec> jackpot rises to $ 586 million and could jump again before tuesday .  if no winner is selected by christmas , the pot could reach $ 1 billion .  odds got longer in october when the company increased the pool of number .
 virginia , florida cities top most well-read list <sec> alexandria , virginia , is the most well-read city in u.s. , according to amazon.com rankings .  virginia and florida make biggest showings on list with three cities each in the top 20 .  rankings based on number of books , magazines , newspapers bought by amazon customers .  university towns and academic hubs dominate lis .
 senate passes massive farm bill <sec> the measure , estimated to cut the deficit by almost $ 24 billion , passes in 64-35 vote .  taxpayer-subsidized crop insurance to farmers in need would replace direct payments .  move signals shift to `` risk management , '' agriculture committee chairwoman says .  bill merely axes one subsidy program to `` invent a new one , '' sen. john mccain say .
 africa summit : human rights must be a goal ( opinion ) <sec> president obama holds first-ever u.s.-africa summit in washington this week .  nicholas opiyo : african leaders often give lip service to human rights , but abuse them .  opiyo : uganda , other countries still torment gay people , jail protesters and opponents .  opiyo : u.s. and african leaders must work together toward human rights in afric .
 opinion : democrats afraid of income inequality issue ? <sec> president called inequality the `` defining challenge '' of our time but has downplayed it since .  julian zelizer : democrats have been wary of making the issue their focus .  he says warren is right to emphasize it , and it could be a winning issue for dems .  zelizer : when gop has targeted programs like social security , it has suffere .
 canadian ski cross racer dies in crash <sec> new : skier was a role model for younger athletes , his coach says .  nik zoricic died of head injuries from a crash while racing saturday .  the 29-year-old toronto skier died as a result of `` severe neurotrauma '' .  zoricic fell just before the finish of the eighth round of the world cup ski cros .
 brittany murphy 's death ruled an accident <sec> actress brittany murphy was found dead in her home december 20 .  coroner : death was accident caused by pneumonia , iron deficiency , drugs .  `` she was on an antibiotic and was taking cough medicine , '' husband say .
 opinion : here 's the truth about obamacare <sec> sally kohn : republicans are desperate to destroy obamacare at any cost .  kohn : stories about people supposedly harmed by the law are not always true .  she says journalists are digging into allegations , helping us all sort fact from fiction .  kohn : the website still has glitches , but old-fashioned reporting is very reliabl .
 british royal defends comments on colonialism <sec> prince told newspaper that u.s. leaders `` might learn from our experiences '' .  he says he did not consider those comments controversial when he made them .  prince andrew : `` i 've got a thick skin '' .  he says britain and the u.s. are working much closer together than in the pas .
 quest : u.s. economy to dominate davos 2013 <sec> quest : davos is a chance to see where the political and economic landmines are in 2013 .  quest : people will be speculating about how dysfunctional the u.s. political process has become .  quest : davos has been consumed by eurozone sovereign debt crises for three year .
 author arthur c. clarke dies <sec> arthur c. clarke dies in sri lanka at age 90 , aide says .  `` 2001 : a space odyssey '' was perhaps his best known work .  he and stanley kubrick shared oscar nomination for best adapted screenplay .  clarke had lived in sri lanka since the 1950 .
 facing shortages , venezuela takes over toilet paper factory <sec> venezuela occupies paper manufacturing company 's plant in aragua , vice president says .  vp : nation wo n't `` allow hoarding or failures in the production and distribution '' of essentials .  government accuses companies of hoarding , blames media for fanning fears .  private firms says ill-conceived price control , currency policies have stifled productio .
 female service members sue u.s. military for alleged rape , sexual assault <sec> among the defendants are current and former defense and navy secretaries .  `` they hated you for standing up for yourself , '' says plaintiff elle helmer .  defense secretary panetta outlined new measures to combat such assaults in januar .
 nigeria vote : muhammadu buhari beats goodluck jonathan <sec> muhammadu buhari tells cnn 's christiane amanpour that he will fight corruption in nigeria .  nigeria is the most populous country in africa and is grappling with violent boko haram extremists .  nigeria is also africa 's biggest economy , but up to 70 % of nigerians live on less than a dollar a da .
 nelson mandela death : world mourns south africa 's former president <sec> mandela dies at age 95 .  children spell out `` we love you mandela '' with rocks near his home .  `` it 's sad , but what can we do ? '' .  one resident asks . .  `` let him rest in peace . '' .  a state funeral will be held december 1 .
 hackers reportedly have embedded code in power grid <sec> 2 ex-federal officials say u.s. electrical grid , other infrastructure targeted .  homeland security does n't confirm a breach , says no damage caused by one .  expert says this kind of code could be difficult to detec .
 alabama crowns 50-state odyssey <sec> the goal of visiting all 50 states is a tradition in author holly kearl 's family .  kearl just visited her 50th state with a visit to alabama .  her alabama itinerary included literary and civil rights histor .
 will health reform be repealed ? <sec> republicans are pledging to repeal the health care reform law .  former white house aid kavita patel says public is n't aware of key benefits of law .  she says the law provides more consumer protections than patients have ever had .  patel : law will provide insurance coverage for 32 million more people in 201 .
 by the numbers : royal births <sec> prince william and the duchess of cambridge are expecting their first child soon .  oddsmakers are taking bets on what the royal baby 's name might be .  is the baby more likely to be a boy or a girl ? .  catherine 's health might provide a hin .
 reports : father of hannah anderson 's abductor has violent past <sec> report : the father , james e. dimaggio , broke into girl 's home with cuffs , gun in 1988 .  he professed feelings for her , just as son james l. dimaggio is accused of doing recently .  suspect was killed 15 years to the day after father 's suicide , cnn affiliate kfmb says .  friend : younger dimaggio 's house burned on anniversary of father 's disappearanc .
 feds : man tried to extort money from cindy crawford , husband <sec> edis kayalar , of germany , charged in u.s. with extortion .  man used photo of crawford 's daughter in extortion attempt , authorities allege .  court documents : photo , showing girl bound to a chair , apparently taken by nanny for prank .  man claimed he stole photo from nanny , court documents sa .
 tsa shuts door on private airport screening program <sec> the transportation security administration puts brakes on a private screening program .  agency chief says there are no advantages to the program .  last month , the agency said it would help airports enroll .  lawmaker says he will `` investigate '' decisio .
 nfl serves up barn burners <sec> new : the patriots mess with texas , toppling houston .  atlanta falcons trade leads with seattle seahawks in final minute .  baltimore ravens defeat denver broncos in double overtime .  san francisco 49ers and colin kaepernick lay a whuppin ' on green bay packer .
 random killings spark laments , but reality shows long slide in crime rate <sec> crime rates have been declining for years .  most crimes are committed by people known to the victims .  but perception of crime does n't always match statistics .  many u.s. residents believe crime is getting wors .
