 is it safe to travel to hong kong ? <sec> the train system is operating as normal and is the recommended public transport to access protest sites .  protest is limited to parts of admiralty , causeway bay , and mong kok and closed to vehicle traffic there .  protests have proven to be an attraction for some visitors .  access to some hotels via taxi and buses is difficult in affected area .
 spanish court again suspends catalonia independence vote <sec> the court 's decision is the second time the vote has been suspended .  the spanish government calls the referendum unconstitutional .  polls show catalans want a chance to vote , but might not vote for independenc .
 break in weather benefits super bowl <sec> it will be cold , but relatively dry for the super bowl .  the break in the weather will come just as the game kicks off .  temperatures will drop again after the gam .
 2 killed as helicopter crashes into crane in central london <sec> the pilot killed in the crash is identified as peter barnes , a married father of two .  police : `` it is something of a miracle that this was not many , many times worse '' .  `` it all happened so fast , it was unbelievable , '' a witness says .  the crane struck by the helicopter is dangling precariously from the buildin .
 suspect in slaying of 2 alaska police officers surrenders <sec> new : john marvin jr. is charged with two counts of first-degree murder .  new : flags are ordered lowered to half-staff across the state .  standoff began after two police officers were shot late saturday .  the officers ' deaths leave the small town of hoonah with only one office .
 french flash floods kill 20 <sec> more storms expected wednesday night in flood-stricken region .  1,000 people rescued and placed in shelters , officials say .  all schools in the region closed ; more than 96,000 people without electricity .  flooding area includes popular tourist destination cote d'azu .
 missouri man accused of suffocating girl , 3 , appears in court <sec> new : shawn morgan does not enter a plea in court tuesday .  he is charged with first-degree murder .  the girl was last seen riding her bicycle with her brother .  affidavit : morgan tells police he suffocated the girl with a plastic trash ba .
 jonbenet ramsey case : court to release indictment that went nowhere <sec> the 6-year-old girl was killed at home in 1996 .  boulder newspaper reported grand jury voted to indict the parents .  paper says it sued to have the indictment unsealed .  father wants court to keep documents sealed , or release everythin .
 why the media can not ignore the killer <sec> on anderson cooper 's show , a father of a victim of the aurora shooting asks about media 's role .  mike hoyt : is tom teves right to say news organizations should ignore the mass killers .  he says it 's natural to ask why the horrific incident happened and what motivated the gunman .  hoyt : media should make the necessary inquiries but never glorify the kille .
 f1 : kevin magnussen gets mclaren drive , lotus hires heikki kovalainen <sec> mclaren announce kevin magnussen will drive for the team in 2014 .  the dane will partner 2009 formula one world champion jenson button .  heikki kovalainen will replace kimi raikkonen at lotus for final two races of 2013 .  raikkonen is to undergo back surgery ahead of his move to ferrar .
 slain karen leader : rebel effort is self defense <sec> slain myanmar rebel leader gave interview out days before assassination .  mahn sha said rebel fighters are fighting same struggle as democracy activists .  speculation has ranged widely on cause of karen leader 's slaying .  myanmar ruling junta has not commented on mahn sha 's deat .
 defense questions prosecution money for witnesses in anna nicole trial <sec> the prosecutors agreed to pay rent and utilities for smith 's former nanny .  the witness insisted she bring her family to los angeles at taxpayer expense .  smith 's boyfriend-lawyer and two doctors are on tria .
 old rivals clash on everest <sec> japan 's yuichiro miura , 80 , is on way home after becoming the oldest climber to scale everest .  record may already be at risk as 81-year-old rival acclimatizes at base camp .  the pair have a longstanding rivalry since sherchan claimed the title in 200 .
 sex trafficking : an american problem too <sec> bridgette carr says sex trafficking thrives in u.s. communities .  victims of sex trade are often wrongly viewed as criminals , she says .  carr : to fight trafficking , communities must become aware , reduce deman .
 'd.c . five ' jailed in pakistan on terror charges <sec> five jailed for 10 years for criminal conspiracy , five years on anti-terrorism charge .  `` d.c. five '' arrested in december in pakistan after going missing in u.s . .  pakistani authorities says men were college students intent on waging holy war .  men said they were innocent and claimed they were tortured in jai .
 by the numbers : automatic spending cuts <sec> approximately $ 16.5 trillion - the united states national debt .  $ 1.2 trillion - total amount of the potential cuts , over 10 years .  $ 85 billion - deficit reduction needed to postpone cuts through september 2013 .  2 % - cuts to medicare if `` sequestration '' takes effec .
 review : 'the hundred-foot journey ' <sec> `` the hundred-foot journey '' is based on the 2010 novel and directed by lasse hallström .  it stars mirren as a french chef at war with the indian restaurant across the street .  eventually , the two competing restaurants learn to work together .  the movie is formulaic , but affectin .
 food waste a new opportunity for entrepreneurs <sec> annually around one third of all food produced is wasted , according to u.n . .  entrepreneurs are starting businesses to turn food waste into something wanted .  used coffee grounds provide basis for back to the roots busines .
 courting iran and the west , georgia walks a fine line <sec> iranians increasingly see georgia as an attractive tourism destination .  georgia keen to attract investment from the region .  experts suggest georgia wants to court iran but not damage u.s. relation .
 ecclestone : 'i 'll run f1 until i die ' <sec> bernie ecclestone tells cnn he intends to run formula one until he dies .  the octogenarian has been running the sport for the last 30 years .  ecclestone hopes grands prix in france and a second race in the u.s. can be agreed .  the 81-year-old defends the decision to host a race in bahrain last mont .
 key discovery made in fight against bird flu <sec> experts say they have found key component of the h5n1 bird flu virus .  it is hoped this will lead to better medication to fight the infection .  china reported its first human-to-human infection in 2005 .  since 2003 , the world health organization has confirmed 404 human case .
 documents detail boston bombing suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev 's injuries <sec> tsarnaev had multiple gunshot wounds , court documents say .  one wound started inside his mouth and exited his face .  tsarnaev was read his miranda rights on april 22 .  he faces 30 federal charges tied to the april 15 bombin .
 rescue a bright spot as 700-plus die in china mudslides <sec> soldiers rescued a man trapped for 60 hours under the mud .  thousands of rescue teams were searching for more than 1,000 people still missing .  the mudslides were triggered by heavy rains that have tormented china all summe .
 obama fundraising moves to transition , inauguration phase <sec> barack obama 's transition team has taken pains to keep lobbyists out of transition .  presidents usually turn to private money to help fund inauguration .  bush raised $ 42.8 million for second inauguration , mostly from corporate donors .  obama can not use cash left over from general election for transitio .
 the best way to measure body fat <sec> when does `` putting on a few pounds '' cross the line into needing to lose weight ? .  neither scale , bmi , pinch test or waist measurement tells the full story .  dexa scan -- a low-radiation , full-body x-ray -- is gold standard but expensiv .
 5 georgia southern students die in car crash <sec> georgia state patrol provides more details of crash .  georgia southern university mourns five nursing students killed in auto accident .  five cars and two tractor-trailers were involved in crash on interstate 1 .
 elections bring china-bashing season <sec> this week , president obama announced a trade complaint against china .  oded shenkar says politicians tend to get tough on china in election season .  he says obama is tackling chinese auto subsidies to appeal to ohio voters .  shenkar : u.s. had plenty of opportunities to deal with unfair chinese trade practice .
 floods in northeast china kill at least 29 <sec> the floods in jilin province kill 29 people .  waters wash chemical-filled containers into river .  more than 900 people killed across chin .
 donald sterling agrees to sale of los angeles clippers <sec> new : source tells cnn that donald sterling is going through sale agreement with lawyers .  attorney for donald sterling says his client 's disputes have been resolved .  but a lawsuit has yet to be withdrawn .  shelly sterling , acting on behalf of the family trust , sold the team last wee .
 opinion : what 's at stake in power struggle over judges <sec> senate dems use `` nuclear option '' to strip gop of ability to filibuster court nominations .  russell wheeler says filling judgeships has grown more contentious over 20 years .  he says each party selects statistics that aim to bolster its side of the debate .  wheeler : confirm the three d.c. nominees , then take hard look at court workloa .
 3 experienced skiers die in washington avalanche , 4th dies in separate incident <sec> new : a fourth man died in an avalanche elsewhere in washington , his family says .  john brenan , jim jack and chris rudolph are killed in the cascade mountains .  professional skier elyse saugstad credits an airbag backpack for her survival .  she recalls swiftly `` taking more than a 2,000-foot ride down an avalanche .
 chick-fil-a and free speech <sec> marc j. randazza : dustup over chick-fil-a shows confusion over first amendment .  after ceo 's remarks on same-sex marriage , some politicians said business unwelcome .  randazza : politicians ca n't deny permits to block free speech but have other recourse .  he says pols should have and express opinions but ca n't give them the force of la .
 sarkozy wins french nato re-entry vote <sec> french national assembly backs president 's plan to rejoin nato .  president nicolas sarkozy 's plan is politically sensitive .  france was a founding member of nato but left in 1966 .  president charles de gaulle said in 1966 membership meant losing independenc .
 dallas cops want help in iraqi man 's shooting death <sec> dallas police say ahmed al-jumaili was killed by shot from a rifle , but they are n't revealing what type .  authorities say shooting does not appear to be a hate crime , but that has n't been ruled ou .
 tennis to land in li na 's hometown <sec> the wta tour will hold a 2014 tournament in li na 's hometown of wuhan , china .  li made history by becoming asia 's first grand slam singles champion .  the tour continues to expand in the world 's emerging markets .  total prize fund on the tour , excluding grand slams , increases to $ 58.7m for 201 .
 scalia comments show need for new rights amendment , backers say <sec> scalia says the constitution does not prohibit discrimination by sex .  the era was first proposed in 1923 , but a 1972 proposal was not ratified .  women 's groups , key lawmakers issue fresh call to protect womens right .
 hatch : sotomayor 'highly likely ' to be confirmed , barring surprises <sec> sen. orrin hatch : sotomayor confirmation likely if `` disqualifying matters '' do n't appear .  sotomayor could meet with some senators tuesday .  hatch , other republicans want to wait until september for vote .  sen. pat roberts is first republican to say publicly he wo n't vote for nomine .
 arizona lawmakers pass controversial anti-gay bill <sec> not sure this needs to be a law , governor tells cnn .  bill allows business owners to deny service to gays , lesbians .  critics say the measure sanctions discrimination .  proponents of the bill say it protects people against activist federal court .
 'oxygen robber ' dies in car accident in maryland , police say <sec> new : armed robbery failed in upscale new york clothing store .  new : alleged robber fled south , robbing two hotels in maryland .  new : suspected drunken driver turned out to be nyc robbery suspect .  new : fatal chase lasted 2 1/2 miles , reaching speeds of 120 mp .
 no acts set for michael jackson tribute at ticket sales deadline <sec> new : online ticket sales are suspended for the show .  the `` michael forever tribute '' is schedule for cardiff , wales , on october 8 .  jackson brothers jermaine and randy object to the show 's timing .  `` nothing can be announced until '' contracts are signed , a spokeswoman say .
 foreigners making dash out of libya <sec> about 12,000 people have crossed into egypt .  many people are said to be at the tripoli airport .  `` there is no security '' in libya , an egyptian say .
 nostalgia in a polish 'milk bar ' <sec> rick steves produces 30 guidebooks on european travel .  since 1973 he 's spent 120 days a year in europe .  his company , europe through the back door , conducts european tour .
 anthrax suspect , scientist , kills self as fbi closes in <sec> new : u.s. official : we were looking at whether ivins released anthrax to test vaccine .  attorney says ivins was innocent in anthrax case , pressure caused his death .  suicide is official cause of death for bruce ivins , medical examiner says .  ivins was being investigated in 2001 anthrax attacks , source say .
 white house begins publishing the names of visitors <sec> during his campaign , barack obama promised to run a more transparent administration .  records of visitors will be available on an ongoing basis beginning in december .  up to 100,000 people visit the white house each mont .
 tattoo remorse fuels boom for dermatologists <sec> american academy of dermatology : tattoo regret common in the u.s . .  current tattoo removal process is painful , expensive , time-consuming .  new , more easily removed tattoo ink scheduled to be available this fal .
 move over wall street : meet the most ambitious women on earth <sec> report : women in brazil , russia , india and china more ambitious than u.s. counterparts .  extended families , affordable childcare makes it easier for mothers to work , says author .  eldercare and `` daughterly guilt '' are a more significant barrier than in western world .  women report : assertiveness not considered feminine in china and indi .
 previous jet ditchings yielded survival lessons <sec> lessons from 1970 dc-9 ditching into caribbean , 1996 crash off comoro islands .  dc-9 seat belt failure lead to new design ; jet did n't have enough life rafts .  passengers in 1996 crash inflated vests before getting out , were trapped .  a320s have a `` ditching button '' to close valves , allowing jet to float longe .
 indictment : u.s. rep. grimm hid $ 1m in restaurant sales , wages <sec> new : rep. grimm : `` i 'm going to fight tooth and nail ... until i am fully exonerated '' .  u.s. attorney : grimm `` never met a tax he did n't lie to evade '' .  grimm charged with fraud , filing false tax returns , perjury .  case centers on operation of manhattan restauran .
 life after communism <sec> poland was ruled by soviet-backed regime after the second world war .  solidarity movement became a key factor in the fall of communist regime .  centrally-planned economic system replaced by free market economy .  poland joined the european union in 200 .
 michigan teen couple on the run found safe in chicago <sec> jayden thomas , 13 , and braxton wood , 14 , left their michigan homes last month .  they were found in a parked suv next to a gas station ; the vehicle was out of gas .  their parents are en route to chicago to pick them up , spokesman say .
 'simpsons ' co-creator opens up on cancer diagnosis <sec> `` the simpsons '' co-creator was told he had three to six months to live .  now , he 's still fighting and devoted to giving back .  simon : cancer has been one of the most amazing experiences of my lif .
 international pressure on gadhafi increases <sec> libya 's deputy u.n . .  ambassador dabbashi on gadhafi : `` no one loves him '' .  it 's not clear who the opposition leaders are .  situation in misrata stable .  u.s. weighing whether to cut diplomatic ties with liby .
 scottish independence gains ground in referendum polls <sec> scotland is holding a referendum on independence on september 18 .  voters will face a yes/no question : `` should scotland be an independent country ? '' .  a poll on sunday for the first time suggested that the `` yes '' campaign had the edge .  yougov says that reflects a statistical dead heat ; other polls also suggest `` yes '' is gainin .
 winners not witches : disabled athletes beat stigma <sec> charles narh teye lost both his legs as an infant . .  now , he 's a paralympic body builder .  like other disabled athletes in ghana , he is investing in the future of paralympic sports .  the rolling rockets are a ghanian team of 'football ' players with polio .  their coach hopes the sport will achieve paralympic statu .
 fearless to the end : remembering margaret moth <sec> her guts , skill and humor made margaret moth one to remember .  the longtime cnn photojournalist dies of cancer at 59 , after surviving wars .  shot in sarajevo , she lived and went back to conflict zone as soon as she could .  christiane amanpour and others remember her for life she lived `` to the max .
 soccer robots being built to beat humans <sec> fira and robocup organizations promoting development of robots .  robots have been competing in regular soccer contests since the mid-'90s .  scientists hope to be able to beat world 's top team of humans by 2050 .  robotics developments tested in robo-soccer have uses in other field .
 green pragmatism from thomas friedman <sec> journalist and author of `` hot , flat and crowded '' spoke at hong kong event .  pragmatic approach to environmentalism also a means to transform u.s. economy .  for friedman , innovation in energy technology is solution of all solution .
 i 'm fine , says france 's former first lady , valerie trierweiler <sec> former first lady is in india to lend support to anti-hunger charity .  `` i feel good , i feel very happy to be here , '' valerie trierweiler tells reporters .  french president francois hollande announced the split on saturday .  allegations about hollande 's personal life fueled a media frenz .
 walker 's win bolsters tea party , weakens democrats <sec> william bennett : recall vote a huge victory for conservatives , tea party .  he says wisconsin gov . .  scott walker faced multibillion-dollar budget deficit .  bennett says cutting worker benefits erased deficit , lowered taxes , helped state economy .  he says obama did n't fulfill vow to stand with workers who lost collective bargaining on benefit .
 judge stays first u.s. military execution in 47 years <sec> u.s. soldier should have more time to seek federal appeal , judge says .  pvt . .  ronald gray has been on death row for 20 years .  he was convicted of two murders and other crimes in north carolina .  gray had been scheduled for execution december 1 .
 boehner warns obama against immigration move <sec> house speaker john boehner warns president in person against an executive order .  rnc chairman reince priebus also blasts obama on immigration reform .  his stance a change from a 2012 rnc report saying reform is politically necessar .
 a common technique to avoid in salary negotiations <sec> in negotiations , there is an advantage to offering a figure that is not a round number .  precise numbers give recruiters the impression that the candidate has thoroughly researched the job .  but actually researching the job is more important , experts say .  good negotiators should be able to justify a high salar .
 mom says missing daughter had been excited about concert <sec> student was last seen at metallica concert saturday night .  harrington is 5'6 '' , 120 pounds , and was wearing a black pantera t-shirt .  metallica posted a message about harrington 's disappearance on their web sit .
 chimp cartoon apology not enough , sharpton says <sec> sharpton : rupert murdoch 's apology is a `` good gesture , '' but he still has questions .  murdoch is chairman of n.y. post , which published chimp cartoon that created a fury .  many critics said the cartoon played on historically racist images .  cartoonist calls the controversy `` absolutely friggin ' ridiculous .
