 armchair astronomer discovers unique 'cosmic ghost ' <sec> using the web , a dutch schoolteacher has discovered a strange astronomical object .  the find illustrates how more amateur astronomers are contributing to science .  the galaxy zoo project encourages the public to join in astronomy research online .  hubble space telescope has agreed to take a closer look at the object next yea .
 child murderer 's story began falling apart in polygraph test <sec> ryan brunn tells an agent in georgia that he had nothing to do with the killing of jorelys rivera .  the agent confronts him about some responses .  later , brunn pleaded guilty and described in court how he killed the little girl .  brunn committed suicide after his sentencin .
 3rd person killed in saudi arabia clashes after visa crackdown <sec> a sudanese national was killed and 17 injured wednesday in the saudi capital of riyadh .  two people were killed and 561 arrested saturday in clashes between police and foreign workers .  saudi arabia launched a `` security campaign '' this month to crack down on visa violation .
 inmate-release plan hits snag in california assembly <sec> california assembly delays vote on plan to release at least 27,000 inmates .  provision setting up sentencing panel stripped from bill , spokeswoman says .  state senate voted last week to release several thousand inmates early .  judges order state to reduce prison population by about 40,000 by mid-septembe .
 indonesia : schapelle corby , convicted of drug smuggling , to get parole <sec> the indonesian justice minister says corby 's is one of many parole reviews completed .  it 's unclear when exactly she 'll be released from a bali prison .  corby was convicted in 2005 of smuggling marijuana into bali .  she has maintained her innocence ; her lawyers argued the drugs were plante .
 bananas and monkey chants : is racism endemic in spanish football ? <sec> levante 's papakouli diop alleges racist abuse during sunday 's match against atletico madrid .  the senegalese says he was subjected to monkey chants from atletico fans .  last week barcelona 's dani alves ate a banana thrown at him by a fan .  a leading anti-racism campaigner says racism is `` endemic '' within spanish footbal .
 thomas the tank engine helps autistic kids identify emotions <sec> online game uses thomas the tank engine to help autistic children .  children try to recognize which engine has happy , sad , angry face .  autistic children often have trouble distinguishing different facial expressions .  uk study : more autistic kids fascinated with `` thomas '' than other fictional character .
 facebook says it disabled `` boycott bp '' page in error <sec> new : bp says it had `` absolutely nothing to do '' with page being disabled .  `` boycott bp '' facebook page restored after going down monday .  facebook says the page was removed mistakenly by an automated system .  move prompts criticism by boycott advocate .
 'texas chainsaw massacre ' actress marilyn burns dead <sec> marilyn burns was a college student when she landed her `` texas chainsaw massacre '' role .  burns portrayed charles manson follower linda kasabian in tv 's `` helter skelter '' mini-series .  her later career focused on stage productions in texas .  moviefone named burns one of the `` 10 sexiest scream queens '' in 200 .
 official : missing airasia jet likely at bottom of sea <sec> indonesian official : `` our early conjecture is that the plane is in the bottom of the sea '' .  ships , planes and helicopters search for missing commercial jet .  cnn meteorologist says weather in the search area appears to be improving .  airline briefs passengers ' family members at indonesia airpor .
 how did briton become suicide bomber in syria ? <sec> british-born abdul waheed majeed carried out a suicide bomb attack on aleppo prison .  his mother misses him and his elder brother says `` his intentions were bona fide '' .  the soon-to-be bomber had sent his family pictures of him hard at work in tent camps .  according to his brother , majeed never made a farewell phone call to his famil .
 disney to develop 'the princess bride ' stage adaptation <sec> `` the princess bride '' is being developed as a stage production .  it is n't clear yet whether it will be a play or a musical .  it 's also unknown who the creative team will be .  the original novel arrived in 1973 , followed by a movie in 198 .
 guerrero double puts hamburg top of bundesliga <sec> hamburg take top spot in bundesliga on goal difference from bayer leverkusen .  paolo guerrero scores twice in 3-1 victory at home to bottom club cologne .  werder bremen move up to third following a 3-2 win at struggling hertha berlin .  bremen join schalke and borussia monchengladbach on seven point .
 why i live 60 meters up a tree <sec> activist miranda gibson wants to protect 572,000 hectares of old-growth forest .  talks between environmentalists and loggers have broken down .  vows to live in the 400-year-old tree until a deal is reache .
 mexican city plans to train citizens to fire guns <sec> garcia mayor : many citizens want training `` to defend their families '' .  the project also will train citizens on what to do when someone is wounded .  so far about 3,000 people have signed up for the training course .  students at a city hunting club will use .22-caliber guns for trainin .
 man says bogus conviction leaves him without wife , job <sec> tim masters relies on ebay for income because record still mentions murder charge .  masters says he 's still getting used to cell phones , the current prices of things .  city of fort collins asking federal judge to dismiss masters ' lawsuit .  wrongful conviction leaves masters anxious when he sees police , he say .
 opinion : native americans : we 're not your mascots <sec> simon moya-smith : people recognize prejudice , but not against native americans .  moya-smith : hollywood , thanksgiving inspire `` playing indian '' caricatures .  he says `` redskins '' is a racist slur , `` braves '' and `` warriors '' are denigrating stereotypes .  moya-smith : campaign is on to put real native americans in the public ey .
 moises arias ' photo with willow smith gets mom 's defense <sec> a photo of will and jada pinkett smith 's daughter has stirred controversy .  the smiths ' 13-year-old , willow , was seen in bed with an older , shirtless actor .  pinkett smith has explained there was nothing sexual about the situatio .
 obama to tap former chief of procter & gamble to clean up va <sec> bob mcdonald is a `` surprising pick , '' says the head of an advocacy group .  mcdonald is a west point graduate and former ceo of procter & gamble .  the va is under fire as it deals with allegations of delayed care at its medical facilities .  eric shinseki stepped down as head of the department in may under bipartisan pressur .
 obama declares asia-pacific trip a success <sec> new : president barack obama declares asia-pacific trip a success .  new : obama says deals cemented on the trip will support u.s. jobs and exports .  new : obama also meets with chinese premier over maritime disputes , economic issues .  new : obama is scheduled to return to washington early sunda .
 rodney king autopsy results are weeks away <sec> rodney king found was found dead at his rialto , california , home early sunday .  king 's fiancee says she found him at the bottom of his swimming pool .  police found no preliminary signs of foul play and no obvious injuries on king 's bod .
 federer hails best shot of his career <sec> roger federer hailed a shot against novak djokovic as the best of his career .  the swiss world number one hit a stunning baseline winner through his legs .  federer is going in search of his sixth u.s. open title at flushing meadows .  argentina 's juan del potro faces federer in what will be a first grand slam fina .
 american in uae weapons case puzzled by process <sec> nicholas moody was charged with possession of weapons accessories .  he says the items he was carrying were not dangerous .  moody served in iraq and afghanista .
 co-creation hub : tech space working on 'nigeria 's next big idea ' <sec> nigeria 's cc hub is an innovation space where tech-savvy people share ideas .  founder bosun tijani wants the hub to be the birthplace of nigeria 's next big innovation .  those involved work together to build tech solutions to community problems .  cc hub helped host lagos social media week last mont .
 ferguson 's ugly , racist emails released <sec> racially-charged and offensive emails from ferguson released after public records request .  two ferguson police officers resigned over racist emails .  city 's top court clerk was fire .
 allen : 'our first goal is to do no harm ' in gulf <sec> new : government 's claims administrator to gulf residents : `` i will earn your trust '' .  noaa head jane lubchenco explains difference between statistics on oil still in gulf .  the relief well and bottom kill are on hold until pressure risks are evaluated and mitigated .  thad allen and lubchenco stress gulf seafood is saf .
 o'neill resigns as aston villa manager <sec> english premier league club aston villa confirm manager martin o'neill has resigned .  o'neill walks out after four seasons in charge of the club .  villa finished sixth in the league for the least three season .
 prostate cancer linked to sexually transmitted disease <sec> study : men with trichomonas vaginalis more likely to have aggressive prostate cancer .  the germ is a type of parasite that can infect the prostate .  trichomonas affects 174 million people around the world each yea .
 review : 'thor : the dark world ' <sec> critic gives `` thor : the dark world '' a b- grade .  far from a great superhero movie , it 's more like a diagram for one .  director alan taylor brings little storytelling tightness to `` dark world '' .  tom hiddleston 's loki is about the only fully realized characte .
 fresh plea for help as search grows for missing n.h. girl <sec> new : the search continues for celina cass , 11 , in northern new hampshire .  new : about 100 federal , state and local investigators are looking for her , clues .  new : they are going door-to-door , but have offered little info to the public .  the girl was last seen at her home on 9 p.m. monda .
 joe cocker receives royal honor <sec> uk-born joe cocker receiving an order of the british empire .  the award officially recognizes cocker 's `` services to music '' .  prince charles scheduled to present cocker with the hono .
 wife : nelson mandela has one regret <sec> mandela 's wife describes life with her `` wonderful husband '' .  gracel machel says mandela regrets the time he lost with his children .  mandela also frustrated by the incapacities of old age , she say .
 maya rudolph 's variety show : guest list , air date revealed <sec> maya rudolph is returning to nbc with a variety special .  the show will air on may 19 at 10 p.m . .  the `` saturday night live '' alum will be joined by some of her former co-stars .  the one-hour special could also double as the pilot for an ongoing serie .
 fawcett 's cancer battle brings attention to rare illness <sec> risk factors for anal cancer include suppressed immune system , hpv , stds .  new cases of anal cancer number about 5,000 a year , with 680 deaths per year .  anal cancer it treatable , but becomes more difficult to treat if tumor spread .
 house passes senate 's health care 'fixes ' bill <sec> new : house passes senate health care `` fixes '' bill by 220-207 vote .  the vote ended legislative action on obama 's top domestic priority .  senate republicans had found violations in two provisions , forcing bill back to hous .
 afghan boxer wins country 's first-ever professional fight <sec> afghan-born fighter living in germany takes part in afghanistan 's first pro fight .  rahimi claims victory in the seventh round after mbelwa 's shoulder is injured .  sports such as boxing faced severe restrictions under the previous taliban regime .  the capital 's sports stadium was used as a site for public execution .
 female suicide bomber kills 7 in northeastern nigeria <sec> attack happened at height of business at weekly market in town of biu in borno state .  no claim of responsibility was immediately made .  northeastern nigeria has long been scene of attacks by boko hara .
 georgia killer executed after lethal injection moratorium <sec> new : georgia executes inmate convicted of killing girlfriend in 1988 .  william earl lynd pronounced dead at 7:51 p.m. , according to state official .  lynd 's is first u.s. execution since supreme court upheld lethal injection .  about a dozen other states are planning execution .
 opinion : president obama , the merciless ? <sec> president obama has granted 52 pardons to date ; george w. bush granted almost 200 .  p.s . .  ruckman : obama is one of the least merciful presidents in u.s. history .  he says christmas pardons may seem warm and fuzzy , but it makes them seem like a gift .  ruckman : instead of last minute pardons , politicians should grant pardons regularl .
 notre dame star , tabloid fixture manti te'o drafted by san diego <sec> manti te'o is picked 38th -- the 6th pick of the second round -- in the nfl draft .  some had predicted the heisman trophy runner-up would go in the first round .  after news broke the girlfriend he 'd talked of was n't real , te'o said he was hoaxed .  west virginia quarterback geno smith is picked 39th by the new york jet .
 top 5 moments at the mtv movie awards <sec> the awards were held sunday in los angeles .  zac efron had his shirt ripped off .  seth rogen got in a smooch .  hutcherson paid homage to philip seymour hoffma .
 traces of radiation from japanese nuclear plant surface in california <sec> new : california exposure represents 1 millionth the background radiation dose rate .  organization cites isotopes and timing for the conclusion .  epa has found no increase in radiation levels .  a trace amount of radioactive material has been detected in sacramento , californi .
 first xi : muslim footballers <sec> jose mourinho substituted sulley muntari because he had been low energy .  the ghanaian midfielder is a muslim and had been fasting during ramadan .  france international franck ribery is another high-profile musli .
 iraq authorities limit movement as protests mount <sec> demonstrators gather in iraqi cities after friday prayers .  authorities impose curfews to limit access to city centers .  at least 13 people died in protests a week ag .
 andy murray upset by teenager borna coric in dubai <sec> 18-year-old borna coric beats andy murray in straight sets in dubai quarter-final .  it is only the teenager 's second career victory over a top-10 player after earlier win over nadal .  murray , without his coach amelie mauresmo in dubai , is full of praise for his vanquishe .
 bobbi kristina brown remains in coma <sec> bobbi kristina brown has seizures after doctors take her off medication , source says .  brown , daughter of the late star whitney houston , was found unresponsive in a bathtub on january 3 .
 michel to referee champions league final <sec> lubos michel will referee wednesday 's champions league final in moscow .  fellow-slovakians roman slysko and martin balko will be his two assistants .  vladimir hrinak will be fourth official at the manchester utd v chelsea clas .
 official : 3 dead in airstrike at gadhafi 's compound <sec> new : airstrike hits parking lot outside gadhafi 's compound in central tripoli .  the situation in misrata `` will be dealt with by the tribes around misrata , '' official says .  `` this only confirms that he wants to save face , '' rebel spokesman says of gadhafi .  the rebels claim victory in taking over a central misrata buildin .
 arizona cop 's challenge of immigration law fails <sec> justice department challenges the law .  judge says tucson officer does not have legal standing to sue .  arizona governor says she is pleased by judge 's decisio .
 hospital : more than 200 treated since napa earthquake <sec> `` approximately 208 '' patients have been treated since the earthquake struck .  `` we have exhausted our local resources , '' napa 's city manager says .  california gov . .  jerry brown declares a state of emergenc .
 toddler pricked by contaminated needles <sec> new york girl had to be treated with a drug cocktail to prevent hiv and hepatitis .  she was accidentally pricked by contaminated needles left on the floor .  her mother said top was n't securely on bio hazard bin full of uncapped dirty needles .  she 'll take drug cocktail for six months before determining whether she 's infecte .
 is israel isolating itself ? <sec> daniel altschuler , fredrik meiton see similarities in honduran coup , israeli flotilla attack .  after each , they say , both governments said world did n't appreciate threats they faced .  such defenses expanded distance between each country and the world , pair says .  they say israel will pay price for its flotilla attack reaction , u.s. should reject recent action .
 8 dengue cases detected in florida <sec> health officials say local mosquitoes in florida spread the disease .  eight dengue cases have been reported in two florida counties .  dengue rarely occurs in the united states .  there are up to 100 million infections annually worldwide , the who say .
 names added to supreme court short list <sec> appellate judge , harvard law dean , harvard professor among possibles .  sources say white house attempting to look beyond last year 's candidates .  justice john paul stevens announced his retirement last wee .
 marita cheng : real-life 'robogal ' inventing machines for the future <sec> meet marita cheng : the talented technician bringing robots to your home .  24-year-old named `` young australian of the year '' for science work .  founded `` robogals , '' global group encouraging girls to study technology .  now working on bionic voice-controlled arm for quadriplegic .
 report : china led world executions in 2007 <sec> china executed at least 470 people in the last year , says human rights group .  iran had second-highest level of executions in 2007 , amnesty says .  united states recorded fifth-highest number of executions , report find .
 china 's 'leftover women ' choosing to stay single <sec> single , urban , educated woman over age 27 considered `` leftover woman '' in china .  some women fighting back by rejecting marriage altogether .  law affords married woman little protection regarding domestic violence , marital property right .
 cnn student news transcript : april 16 , 2010 <sec> discover why some famous astronauts disagree about a new space proposal .  find out how a volcano in iceland is affecting flights across europe .  hear how one teenager is giving back through a massive book drive .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 justice sotomayor in obamacare hotseat <sec> sotomayor upheld obamacare last year , now she 's in the spotlight again in another appeal .  she issued stay to give denver nuns reprieve on providing birth control to workers .  `` she just placed a single case on hold . .  she did not overturn obamacare , '' analyst says .  sotomayor got the case because the nuns live in denver , a town in her `` region .
 embassy life like 'a space station , ' assange says <sec> the wikileaks founder has been holed up in ecuador 's embassy since june .  `` i know what life is like for prisoners . .  it 's a lot better than it is for prisoners , '' he says .  he has been fighting extradition to sweden , where he faces sex assault allegations .  assange says sweden would extradite him to the united state .
 father of saudi athlete says daughter called names for competing in games <sec> wojdan shaherkani , 16 , was the first woman from saudi arabia to compete publicly .  her father says people set up fake twitter accounts in saudi arabia to call her names .  the teen 's father has filed a complaint with the ministry of interio .
 casey kasem 's daughter has the power , but will she use it ? <sec> judge reverses course , gives daughter authority to end kasem 's water , food , medicine .  attorney for kasem 's wife calls the judge 's ruling `` a death sentence '' .  radio icon is critically ill as family battles for control of medical decisions .  his daughter says the fight is about love , but his wife says it 's over mone .
 lutz pfannenstiel : 'lazarus ' footballer who came back from the dead <sec> lutz pfannenstiel is a former goalkeeper .  was pronounced dead on the field of play .  spent time in singapore prison for match fixing .  campaigning to raise awareness of climate chang .
 late zanetti goal earns inter point <sec> javier zanetti scores a late goal to earn inter milan a 1-1 draw against roma .  the result keeps inter nine points clear and retains their unbeaten league run .  ac milan slipped to fifth position as they were held to a 1-1 draw at catani .
