 obama poised to be first 'wired ' president <sec> as president , barack obama will use the web to communicate directly with citizens .  obama can bypass traditional media filters while reaching out to americans .  political-tech expert : `` the rebooting of our democracy has begun '' .  transition officials have a name for this online communications effort : obama 2 . .
 car dealers get creative as brethren shutter shops <sec> dealer : dealerships to dwindle to 19,700 by 2009 , compared with 50,000 in 1940s .  consumer confidence , credit crunch major factors in plummeting auto sales .  autodata says november sales about 747,000 , compared with 1.18 million last year .  new york dealership : salespeople `` walked out '' because pay wo n't support familie .
 sony : supreme court ruling spurred changes to playstation terms <sec> sony changed its terms , asking playstation network users to waive class-action rights .  the change was prompted by a supreme court decision , says a spokeswoman .  customers began filing lawsuits against sony in april after learning of a breac .
 title of 'walking dead ' companion series revealed <sec> show will star `` sons of anarchy 's '' kim dickens and cliff curtis of `` gang related .
 latina disney princess shows changing america <sec> raul reyes : disney announced new latina princess , which is laudable , likely profitable in america with growing hispanic population .  he says multicultural heroines , like elena , let disney fans , like latina girls , feel more fully part of american societ .
 big data saves lives <sec> a cnn opinion piece discussed the misuse of big data .  marco lübbecke says sophisticated data analysis can save lives , improve societ .
 missing american 's wife provides detailed statement to authorities <sec> new : tiffany hartley is set to finish her statement monday .  she says she did not feel intimidated or interrogated .  she gave an eight-hour interview to authorities .  `` we just want david back , '' she say .
 afrocubism : malian kora legend breaks music barriers <sec> kora master toumani diabate is one of africa 's most famous musicians .  his newest band , afrocubism , blends together the sounds of west africa and cuba .  the long-awaited band received a grammy nomination last year for `` best world music album '' .  diabate 's mission is to keep the sound of the kora aliv .
 report lists world 's worst places to be a school child <sec> report : 69 million children who should be in school are not .  former prime minister : `` generations will be condemned to poverty '' if education budgets are not protected .  world leaders will meet at the millennium development goals summit this wee .
 arctic blast grips midwest , traffic pileups on snowy roads <sec> new : one person killed in ohio accident that involved 86 vehicles , a fire official says .  new : deadly pileup is one of many multiple-vehicle crashes in ohio due to blinding snow .  new : snows are tied to a mass of arctic air moving east from the dakotas .  new : wind chill advisories and warnings posted in parts of 14 state .
 did pot cause a denver man to kill wife ? <sec> new : authorities charge richard kirk with first-degree murder in his wife 's death . .  denver police say he shot and killed his wife while she was on call to 911 .  kristine kirk told 911 operator husband was hallucinating after he had `` taken some marijuana '' .  colorado is first state in the nation to legalize the sale of recreational marijuan .
 us vs. belgium world cup preview : no room for error <sec> the u.s. last played belgium in a world cup game in 1930 .  good news for u.s. : the belgians are banged up .  bad news for u.s. : the belgians win game .
 fbi arrests father of lapd officer charged with murder <sec> victor solis is charged with making a false statement to an fbi agent .  solis ' son is an l.a. police officer who has been charged with murder .  the fbi says the father took the son to el paso , where he crossed into mexic .
 stewart , colbert preside over lighthearted , star-studded rally <sec> new : stewart after the rally : `` we do n't have a constituency '' .  medals for `` reasonableness '' and fear '' awarded .  surprise appearances include kareem abdul-jabbar , r2-d2 .  battle over `` peace train '' and `` crazy train '' turns into `` love train .
 arthur ashe estate up for auction : tennis trophies , wisdom teeth <sec> arthur ashe died of aids at the age of 49 in 1993 .  he was the first black man to win the u.s. open and wimbledon .  the items up for auction are valued between $ 200,000 and $ 600,000 .  a portion of the proceeds will benefit the arthur ashe learning cente .
 uk 's recent extradition cases expose society 's racism <sec> uk extradited 5 muslims to u.s. on oct. 5 , but let computer hacker gary mckinnon stay .  differences in treatment spring from ( mis ) representation of muslims , says arzu merali .  merali : racism is the only reason why mckinnon , but not the 5 muslims , was reprieve .
 opinion : suspects ' culture of migration and machismo <sec> tom de waal : boston suspects are chechen , a minority group that has suffered under russia .  de waal : their parents were in two savage wars with russia and displaced from homeland .  suspects lived a typical chechen life of migration , he says , part of a macho culture .  chechens resent the label `` terrorists , '' he says ; suspects seem to have embraced i .
 how countries are trying to prevent swine flu outbreak <sec> health officials around world act to prevent swine flu from entering their borders .  more than 150 deaths in mexico are thought to have been caused by swine flu .  russia bans all meat imports from mexico and southern united states .  in the united states , the largest number of cases is in new york cit .
 the 'one ' is a huge step forward for htc <sec> htc 's one phone could be the one that closes the gap with apple and samsung .  the one , unveiled tuesday , has a massive 4.7-inch touchscreen display .  it 's camera ignores sometimes-meaningless megapixel count for `` ultrapixels '' .  the one will be available on at & t , t-mobile and sprin .
 lessons learned from rush and hilary <sec> ana navarro : in recent weeks we 've seen two commentators face firestorm of criticism .  she says mitt romney 's forces were slow to respond to rush limbaugh attack on sandra fluke .  obama 's team responded with ferocity to hilary rosen 's comments , navarro says .  navarro : responding quickly is essential , but substance is getting lost in rhetorical war .
 iran to review woman 's stoning sentence <sec> sakineh mohammadie ashtiani was convicted of adultery .  she was sentenced to be stoned to death .  her son has been fighting to save her life .  earlier , iranian statement said she would not be stone .
 ceelo green apologizes for tweets about rape <sec> singer issues an apology on twitter for remarks he made about rape .  ceelo green came under fire for tweeting controversial comments .  he deleted the tweets and initially appeared to have shut down his twitter accoun .
 madrid aquarium wants to buy 'psychic ' octopus <sec> madrid zoo aquarium says it will beat any offer for psychic octopus .  paul predicted eight results at world cup , including spain 's win in final .  octopus achieved global fame , became spanish national hero .  zoo ready to offer other animals in exchange for paul , promises best car .
 ten facts about memorial day <sec> memorial day was a response to unprecedented carnage of the civil war .  on may 5 , 1868 , gen. logan issued general orders no . .  11 , for grave decoration .  president grant presided over first memorial day ceremony at arlington .  in 2000 , congress established a national moment of remembrance at 3 p.m .
 presidential regrets ? they have a few <sec> middle east leaves george h.w . .  bush and bill clinton with some regrets .  bush wonders whether he should have pressed harder for saddam 's surrender .  clinton looks back at palestinian-israeli peace process with some remorse .  presidents should share their mistakes as a learning tool , clinton say .
 djokovic claims belgrade title to extend winning run <sec> novak djokovic wins serbia open title to claim fifth crown of 2011 .  straight sets win over feliciano lopez extends his winning run to 27-0 .  juan martin del potro wins estoril open by beating fernando verdasco in final .  nikolay davydenko of russia wins atp title in munic .
 u.s. military clears f-35 joint strike fighter to fly <sec> the jets were grounded on february 21 .  on thursday , military officials said engineers had analyzed them .  the nearly $ 400 billion fleet is the pentagon 's most expensive weapons syste .
 landon donovan hails perfect mls cup finale <sec> landon donovan finishes playing career with record sixth mls cup win .  donovan 's la galaxy beat new england revolution after final goes to extra time .  32-year-old donovan hails career end as 'perfect ' .  robbie rogers also wins title , 17 months after coming out of retiremen .
 commentary : why i sang at kennedy 's wedding <sec> maura o'connell : ted kennedy asked me to sing at his wedding .  she says her family had admired the kennedys from afar .  o'connell says kennedy was a joyful and gracious hos .
 apparently this matters : this one dog in charleston <sec> carlos morales posted a popular picture of a dog on reddit .  bellini set out to find this dog in charleston , south carolina .  frank barnwell and his daughter sally tell cnn about their dog , bell .
 melbourne cup : favorite fiorente gives gai waterhouse a landmark win <sec> favorite fiorente wins the melbourne cup at flemington tuesday .  the horse makes gai waterhouse the first australian female trainer to win the race .  fiorente beat off competition from 2011 runner-up red cadeaux .  ex-footballer michael owen 's horse brown panther finished eight .
 report : yemen arrests 11 terrorism suspects <sec> yemen has threatened punishment for people who harbor terror suspects .  the warnings are part of a crackdown on alleged al qaeda hideouts .  obama administration has recognized risks posed by yemen becoming a failed stat .
 # iwishmyteacherknew shares students ' heartbreak , hopes <sec> denver teacher kyle schwartz asked students to share what they wish she knew .  their honest answers moved schwartz and sparked a discussion onlin .
 queen elizabeth ii marks 86th birthday <sec> new : teams of horses pull guns into position in hyde park for a 41-gun salute .  a 62-gun salute is fired at the tower of london for the queen 's 86th birthday .  the queen has an official birthday in june when she takes part in public events .  she celebrates her diamond jubilee -- marking 60 years on the throne -- this yea .
 trash talk , old-fashioned hate mark college football rivalries <sec> this is the big weekend for classic college rivalries .  ohio governor tries to bring scorn on michigan wolverines .  one game in georgia is dubbed `` clean , old-fashioned hate .
 chardon school killer tj lane tightlipped about motive <sec> lane admitted his crime but did n't offer a reason .  he was slow to open up about his personal life .  his father was arrested several times for violent crimes against women .  his behavior at his sentencing hearing shocked and outrage .
 missing michigan doctor accused of stalking gospel artist marvin sapp <sec> court records show marvin sapp filed a personal protection order against teleka patrick .  patrick was last seen a month ago on surveillance video ; her car was found in a ditch .  patrick 's family said she had a plane ticket to come visit them for the holidays in florid .
 high court rejects formal , binding ethics rules <sec> supreme court justices will continue to follow same rules as other judges , says roberts .  he says the court will release an internal , informal 1991 resolution .  it 's strictly up to justices to decide whether they should recuse themselves .  various groups want two justices to recuse themselves from the health care reform cas .
 opinion : ronaldo wo n't reach top again <sec> brazilian ronaldo is back playing competitive football for corinthians .  the 32-year-old has been out for 13 months after needing knee surgery .  cnn 's pedro pinto predicts ronaldo wo n't reach his former glor .
 finalist dies at world sauna championships <sec> finnish event sees competitors attempting to withstand rising temperatures .  russian finalist vladimir ladyzhenskiy died after saturday 's final .  his opponent , finland 's timo kaukonen , was taken to hospital .  police are investigating incident but `` rules were followed , '' organizers sa .
 virginia school to remove confederate flags from chapel <sec> students raised questions about environment at washington and lee .  replica confederate battle flags had been displayed in chapel .  school calls its link to slavery `` regrettable '' .  `` these are huge steps . .  we are ecstatic , '' says one studen .
 is a radical 'no email ' policy moral failing ? ( opinion ) <sec> in germany a proposed law would ban employers from emailing employees after work .  david wheeler : germany is far ahead of u.s. in work-life balance policies and culture .  he says conservatives like to extol `` family values '' yet u.s. has few family-friendly polices .  wheeler : no wonder when compared with other rich countries , u.s. is more stresse .
 why i want my kids to fail <sec> failure is painful for this generation of kids -- and for their parents , wendy sachs writes .  silicon valley experiences show that there are positives to learning how to fail .  facing failure ? .  `` pick up and move on -- that 's what i advised my fellow parents , '' sachs say .
 profile : roger federer - the greatest ever <sec> roger federer has reached 20 grand slam finals the most by any male player .  the swiss spent a record 237 consecutive weeks at top of the world rankings .  he shares record of five successive victories at wimbledon with bjorn borg .  he has equal most u.s. open titles , with pete sampras and jimmy connor .
 no . 1 wozniacki wins melbourne opener <sec> top seed caroline wozniacki books her place in australian open second round .  defending champion kim clijsters also through , alongside fifth seed li na .  third seed victoria azarenka advances , as does poland 's agnieszka radwanska .  italian 19th seed flavia pennetta beaten by russian qualifier nina bratchikov .
 official : white house intruder was interviewed twice <sec> omar gonzalez jumped a fence , made it in the white house before getting caught .  the secret service interviewed him twice before that incident , an official says .  once came after a july arrest on a gun charge ; he also had a white house map .  the other was in august , after being stopped with a hatchet outside the white hous .
 'sniper alley ' mcdonald 's shows change in bosnia <sec> cnn photojournalist david rust returned to bosnia for the first time since the war .  he sees big changes in sarajevo and friends , 20 years on , look older but healthier .  mcdonald 's on sniper alley sounds incongruous but provides jobs in new sarajev .
 a tea party exit would be a blessing for gop <sec> david frum : tea party extremism contaminates the republican brand .  he cites a gallup poll saying that 60 % of americans favor creation of a third party .  most of the time , third parties are formed by the extreme wings of the parties , he says .  frum : if the tea party bolts the gop , it would be a positive sign for republican .
 members of hamburg group linked to european plot are back in germany <sec> officials say that in early 2009 , group set off from hamburg for tribal areas of pakistan .  police detained a group member before he left ; 2 others arrested after arriving in pakistan .  agencies think other members of the group remain in the afghan/pakistan border area .  border area group is linked to plot that prompted advisory for u.s. citizens traveling in europ .
 new york names street 'u2 way ' <sec> new york 's w. 53rd street west of broadway `` u2 way '' for a week .  band is playing a weeklong stand on `` late show with david letterman '' .  u2 's new album , out tuesday , is `` no line on the horizon .
 poll : majority oppose controversial coal mining practice <sec> in a cnn/orc survey , 57 % said they oppose mountaintop removal mining . .  in the same poll , 36 % said they support the process . .  recent studies show `` multiple illnesses '' found in mining areas .
 penn state supporters mark anniversary of joe paterno 's death <sec> dozens of fans stop by mural depicting famous penn state figures .  the coach had many of his victories stripped from his record .  paterno was fired after jerry sandusky was arrested on child sex abuse charges .  he died a few months later after suffering from lung cance .
 bmw oracle claim america 's cup triumph <sec> bmw oracle take a winning 2-0 lead in the best-of-three america 's cup series .  the american challengers beat swiss holders alinghi by over five minutes on sunday .  software magnate larry ellison founded bmw oracle over 10 years ago .  golden gate yacht club of san francisco now official defender of america 's cu .
 argentina confirm maradona as new coach <sec> diego maradona appointed coach of argentina 's national team .  maradona , 48 , will be assisted by former coach carlos bilardo .  he succeeds alfio basile who quit after world cup qualifying defeat to chile .  maradona appoints javier mascherano as captain in place of javier zanetti .
 john corbett to star in 'ncis : la ' spinoff <sec> john corbett has landed a lead role in a `` ncis : la '' spinoff .  he 'll play a former ncis special agent who now works as an analyst .  the pilot will air as a special `` ncis : la '' episode later this seaso .
 senators push nationwide ban on texting while driving <sec> 14 states and the district of columbia have banned texting while driving .  four senators push for a bill that bans the practice nationwide .  new study finds drivers who text while driving more likely to have an accident .  `` get your hands off the cell phone and back on the wheel , '' one senator say .
 more history for messi as barca draw at celta <sec> lionel messi scores in 19th consecutive league game to set another new record .  argentine becomes first player in la liga history to score consecutively against all other teams .  real madrid also draw at zaragoza ; malaga win 3-1 at rayo vallecano .  juventus remain nine points clear at top of serie a after 2-1 win against inte .
 as mobile games rise , studios fear for blockbusters ' future <sec> with a reported development cost of $ 150,000 , `` angry birds '' racking up big profits .  hard-core gamers spending surprising amount of time playing mobile games .  games industry has learned how to spend big gobs of money just like movie mogul .
 margarito says sorry for roach video ahead of pacquiao showdown <sec> boxing trainer freddie roach angry after being mocked in a video posted on internet .  his parkinson 's disease was lampooned by fighters antonio margarito and brandon rios .  roach 's charge manny pacquiao will take on margarito in a title bout on saturday .  mexican-american apologizes at a press conference for his part in vide .
 'house ' gig for 'friday night lights ' alum michael b. jordan <sec> michael b. jordan is headed back to the small screen for a guest spot in `` house '' .  jordan spilled the news earlier today via twitter .  he will be playing a blind patient , the studio say .
 skyscraper turns to age-old design to block the desert sun <sec> in the united arab emirates , architects are taking cues from an ancient arabic design tradition . .  a shading system on the facade of the al bahar towers was inspired by latticed screens . .  the screens are computer-controlled to respond to the sun 's movement . .  doha tower in qatar , a striking cylindrical building , was designed along the same lines .
 the best video games of 2009 <sec> the following are our top picks for the best video games of the year , divided by genre .  2009 's trends included sequels , co-op play , social games , handheld gaming .  `` uncharted 2 : among thieves '' provided most memorable adventure in 2009 .  activision 's `` dj hero '' was most immersive music experience of 200 .
 la arson suspect was diagnosed with mental disorders , doctor says <sec> new : a canadian doctor says she was part of a team examining harry burkhart in 2010 .  new : diagnosis : `` autism , severe anxiety , post-traumatic stress disorder and depression '' .  burkhart is also suspected in a german arson probe , officials say .  prosecutors believe the german national set a string of fires in los angele .
 one direction star louis tomlinson signs football deal <sec> one direction star louis tomlinson has signed a deal with doncaster rovers .  tomlinson has signed on a non-contract basis with the second division club .  hoping to raise money for local charity bluebell wood children 's hospice .  has been given the number 28 shirt and is set to appear at some point this seaso .
