 rejected by florida , u.s. reallocates $ 2 billion for high-speed rail <sec> new : obama administration gives out $ 2 billion for high-speed rail projects .  new : this comes after florida authorities reject $ 2 billion for an orlando-to-tampa line .  obama wants 80 % of americans to have access to high-speed rail within 25 years .  critics contend the project is wasteful and will do little to boost economic competitivenes .
 group : time iran would need to make uranium for a bomb 'too short ' <sec> the iranian government says the report `` is a huge lie '' .  the report says it could take iran one to 11 months to make weapons-grade uranium .  the estimate comes amid renewed nuclear talks between iran and world powers .  congress is considering legislation that could tighten sanctions on ira .
 japan 's rare baby panda dies week after birth <sec> first giant panda born in japan in 24 years dies after one week .  zoo officials said its mother 's milk had entered its airway .  the cub had generated huge excitement in japan .  china is known to use gifts or loans of pandas as gestures of diplomac .
 nigerians demand better government response to schoolgirl abductions <sec> new : nigerians stage a daily protest urging a better government response .  nigerian president vows `` to get these girls out '' .  first lady michelle obama made her first solo white house weekly address .  key muslim leader criticizes boko hara .
 gupta : let 's end the prescription drug death epidemic <sec> a person dies every 19 minutes , on average , from an accidental prescription drug overdose .  congressional testimony reveals 80 % of world 's pain pills are consumed in the united states .  alcohol and pain or sleeping pills can be a deadly combinatio .
 could close race produce a popular/electoral vote split ? <sec> mitt romney and barack obama neck-and-neck in polls .  winning the popular vote does n't guarantee the white house .  candidates must win 270 electoral votes to prevail .  the winner of the most votes has lost four times befor .
 rob lowe , family rescued from french vacation home <sec> rob lowe and his family had to be rescued while on vacation in france .  the family 's vacation home was affected by a massive storm .  the family is thankful to the first responders who rescued the .
 nine killed , 55 hurt in peru bridge collapse <sec> fifty-five others were injured in the collapse .  the incident has occurred near a school in peru 's ayacucho province .  the conditions of those injured in the incident is not immediately availabl .
 5 reasons schools hate snow days <sec> school leaders say closing schools is a `` no-win '' situation .  it can lead to angry parents , hungry kids and academic trouble .  ohio superintendent : `` i have a plea with mother nature to ease up a little bit .
 atlanta 's buckhead to the bieb : stay out <sec> residents in atlanta 's affluent buckhead community are worried .  they have organized a protest in front of a mansion that 's for sale .  they say bieber 's `` eclectic '' lifestyle is not right for their neighborhood .  bieber 's camp has not commented on any rumored mov .
 the 'forbidden fruit ' of medicinal mushrooms <sec> paul stamets says he believes people are afraid of mushrooms because they are powerful .  george hudler says he thinks there 's a lot of potential for mushrooms ' healing properties .  even hallucinogenic mushrooms are proving to have clinical uses , research show .
 u.n. humanitarian chief in syria to highlight dire situation <sec> valerie amos met with syria 's prime minister , syrian tv says .  at least 70 people have been killed across syria on tuesday , opposition says .  officials vote to suspend syria from the organization of islamic cooperation .  a syrian envoy was visiting china on tuesday ; china considers inviting oppositio .
 face time with sallie krawcheck <sec> mme speaks with sallie krawcheck , boss of citi global wealth management .  ranked by fortune magazine as world 's 12th most powerful woman in 2007 .  manages client assets worth $ 1.8 trillion , formerly bank 's cfo .  tells mme : `` we 're very bullish '' on economic potential of the middle eas .
 powerful solar storm sparks stunning aurora <sec> a particularly strong solar storm created a stunning light display .  stronger storms can be seen farther south , cnn meteorologist says .  some in northern u.s. may see lights again tonigh .
 doctor in gaza : patients 'lying everywhere ' <sec> new : doctor : some 20 percent of the 500 people dead at hospital are children .  new : at least 507 palestinians have been killed in the military operation .  doctor : `` people were dying before they got treatment '' .  some 25 trucks bearing aid could not cross the gaza-egypt border on sunda .
 dismay and support for north korean defector <sec> shin dong-hyuk , subject of best-selling book , admits part of his stories are inaccurate .  advocates say it does n't matter which north korean prison camp shin was in .  some fear shin 's admission of inaccuracies will affect views of other defectors ' testimonie .
 for march madness fans , vasectomy timing is everything <sec> some college basketball fans plan their vasectomies near the ncaa tournament .  they can recover while watching hours of their favorite sport , urologists say .  one clinic advertised to drum up tournament business last yea .
 michael jackson album sales soar <sec> michael jackson albums dominate bestseller charts on amazon.com , itunes .  online retailer play.com reported jackson album sales increased by 7,860 percent .  five of jackson 's solo albums are among the top-sellers of all time .  play.com : fans want to mark his passing by listening to all his music agai .
 investing in football : a real oviedo shareholder 's tale <sec> why would a nottingham forest fan invest $ 52 in third-tier spanish club real oviedo ? .  jonathan hawkins interest in oviedo piqued by british journalist sid lowe .  hawkins bought four shares allowing him to attend oviedo 's annual general meeting .  the third division club had had until november 17 to avoid extinctio .
 aiming for comic relief , talk show in iraq stirs ire <sec> a trio of old friends from baghdad have started a controversial talk show .  it 's proved a hit with their predominantly male audience .  but not everyone appreciates the humor , which often involves sexual innuendo .  a religious group staged a demonstration outside the show 's studio last yea .
 twitter bios : do n't be a 'rock star guru ' <sec> cliches abound in twitter bios , those 160-character digital calling cards .  generators have been created to mimic `` ninjas , '' `` rock stars '' and gurus '' .  good bios should be true to who you are .  do n't forget basics like spelling and gramma .
 city win , liverpool begin life without suarez <sec> manchester city go top after a 2-0 victory over newcastle .  silva and aguero score .  earlier in the day liverpool beat southampton 2-1 .  goals from sturridge and sterlin .
 china aims to build the next tallest building <sec> china to build the world 's tallest towers , called the phoenix towers , in wuhan in central china .  the buildings will reach one kilometer into the sky , 172 meters higher than burj khalifa in dubai .  both will feature high-tech environment features as well as the world 's biggest kaleidoscop .
 democrats back off vitter humiliation vote - cnnpolitics.com <sec> senate democrats backing off votes meant to embarrass sen. david vitter , r-louisiana .  votes would have highlighted vitter 's alleged past involvement with a prostitute .  votes were possible response to vitter plan to strip healthcare contributions from lawmakers , aides .  senate may still hold vote on vitter plan , which is considered likely to los .
 french monitored kouachis but lost interest <sec> the kouachi brothers were monitored by french agencies because of their histories , l'express says .  but monitoring faded months ago despite a u.s. tip-off that one brother had trained with al qaeda in yeme .
 actor slashes throat on vienna stage <sec> hoevels cut his throat with what was meant to be a stage prop .  hoevels ' character was supposed to commit suicide .  vienna police are probing whether the mix-up was deliberate .  the actor returned to the stage the following nigh .
 opinion : straight marriage is the real issue <sec> david frum : young people overwhelmingly support same-sex marriage .  he says a bigger question is the future of marriage in general .  younger americans are increasingly choosing not to get married .  frum : children born to single parents face much longer odds in lif .
 phil mickelson savors 'greatest day ' at british open <sec> american phil mickelson has waited 22 years to win the british open .  the 43-year-old described it as the `` most elusive '' of all majors .  mickelson rates conquering muirfield 's links course as a great accomplishment .  the only major eluding mickelson is the u.s. ope .
 $ 75 million in prescription drugs stolen from warehouse <sec> thieves broke into connecticut facility early sunday , police say .  chief says heist was well-organized .  authorities are n't ruling out an inside jo .
 navy plan to allow same-sex marriage on bases draws opposition <sec> a navy proposal brings a new round of congressional opposition .  `` legal counsel '' concludes that `` base facility use is sexual orientation-neutral , '' a memo says .  a letter signed by 63 members of congress says the change would violate federal la .
 catholic college police officer kills student after traffic stop <sec> student hit police officer with officer 's own baton , university says .  university says cpl . .  christopher carter now on administrative leave .  police : campus officer said robert cameron redus struggled with him .  friends : redus was co-valedictorian of christian high schoo .
 still out there and growing -- al qaeda on the rebound , experts say <sec> al qaeda rebounds in yemen , egypt 's sinai region , libya , iraq , east and west africa .  al qaeda in yemen is especially concerning .  recently intercepted messages suggest `` active plotting , '' a source says .  the terror group has established a strong foothold in syria in the chaos of a civil wa .
 americans demand more from obama 's second term <sec> voters sharply divided on what obama win means for u.s . .  democrats say obama 's laid a foundation and can now take action .  republicans hope to see bipartisan efforts .  cnn ireport : what do you think the election means for you .
 michael brown case : new grand jury documents released <sec> the st. louis county prosecutor 's office releases hundreds more documents .  they include witness interviews and an autopsy from a justice department medical examiner .  they do n't include fbi interview with michael brown 's friend and witness dorian johnson .  prosecutor had vowed to share all witness testimony ; now says some records must be secre .
 british monarchy 's long-lasting love affair with the sea <sec> the british royal family has a centuries-old relationship with boats and the sea .  sunday 's flotilla most recent in a long line of regal celebrations on the thames .  britain 's identity as a small island nation is significant in royal 's affinity with boat .
 syria changes media law as rights group claims violations <sec> new : syrian authorities announce new rules for journalists .  new : opposition group says four people were killed sunday .  new : rights group says security forces are holding civilians hostage .  the arab league council says restraint must be show .
 opinion : why u.s. raid in libya is a sign of hope <sec> mary ellen o'connell says capturing suspect in benghazi attack is a good sign .  she says it represents the u.s. returning to using the law to fight terrorism .  o'connell : until now , the u.s. has relied heavily on unlawful drone attacks .  u.s. courts , not military commissions , are right venue for trials of terrorists , she say .
 a wounded warrior , walking tall <sec> gary linfoot has been wheelchair-bound since 2008 .  on monday , he used a new exoskeleton to walk around the statue of liberty .  he 's the first veteran to receive the suit for personal us .
 diana nyad fires back against questions raised over marathon swim <sec> diana nyad completed the 110-mile swim from cuba to florida last week .  she says she is the first person to do it unassisted and without a shark cage .  but questions have been raised about aspects of her swim .  she insists she did it `` in squeaky clean , ethical fashion .
 mcilroy handed match play fitness boost <sec> rory mcilroy handed a fitness boost ahead of wgc-accenture world match play .  the northern irishman saw a back specialist after last weekend 's dubai desert classic .  the 20-year-old is suffering from a slight nerve impingement and should be fit for arizon .
 candidates show little appetite for new gun control laws - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama , mitt romney call for fully enforcing existing gun laws .  obama spokesman blames congress for inability to renew an expired assault weapon ban .  `` i do n't support new gun laws , '' romney tells cnn .  last week 's colorado shootings reignite the gun control debat .
 california woman denise huskins found safe <sec> police call the case a hoax , a `` wild goose chase '' .  abductors seized denise huskins on monday , her boyfriend told authoritie .
 accused fort hood shooter hospitalized <sec> maj. nidal hasan was admitted saturday to an army hospital .  he 's in good condition and should be out within 48 hours , the military says .  the military psychiatrist is accused of killing 13 people at fort hood , texas , in 200 .
 nearly intact mammoth skeleton a rare find in l.a . <sec> nearly intact skeleton of mammoth found at los angeles construction site .  columbian mammoth 's skeleton was unearthed near the la brea tar pits .  discovery called the museum 's most important in almost a century .  both of mammoth 's tusks were discovered intact -- a rare occurrenc .
 hollywood gives george harrison his star <sec> harrison 's star next to hollywood headquarters of capitol records .  harrison , who died of cancer in 2001 , is second beatle with star after john lennon .  some fans travel from as far as liverpool , england for dedication of harrison 's star .  harrison penned many beatles songs before launching successful solo caree .
 'baby joseph ' returns to canada breathing on his own <sec> joseph maraachli suffers from a progressive neurological disease .  a hospital in london , ontarario refused to insert a tracheotomy tube .  in march his parents took him to st. louis , helped by an anti-euthenasia group .  he received a tracheotomy at ssm cardinal glennon children 's medical cente .
 xi 's top challenge in 2014 : resolving an identity crisis ? <sec> president xi jinping has assumed complete control of china in past 12 months .  one of xi 's most applauded moves has been an intensified fight against corruption .  he 's pledged to spare no one regardless of their position or influence .  china has also flexed its military muscles since xi took contro .
 parents name child after facebook 'like ' button <sec> israeli couple lior and vardit adler name their baby girl `` like '' .  parents were looking to call their daughter something unique .  couple says that they 're not shilling for facebook , and it 's not a gimmic .
 after 125 years , ship rediscovered at bottom of san francisco bay <sec> the city of chester was sailing in san francisco bay when it hit another ship , killing 16 .  the chinese crew of the other ship was at first vilified , later hailed as heroes .  discoverers called ship an important reminder of race relations at the time .  there are no plans to bring ship out of wate .
 review : 'frankenweenie ' is tim burton at his best <sec> a boy who loses his dog brings him back in `` frankenweenie '' .  film is based on a short done by director tim burton .  more sensitive children may find the gothic pet cemetery upsettin .
 climate protesters blame donald trump for airport expansion <sec> protest caused a backlog of flights at the airport , a major gateway for scotland .  donald trump plans a golf resort on a 1,400-acre site alongside scotland 's ne coast .  activists claim that the airport in nearby aberdeen will have to expand as a result .  trump project director : runway issue was ongoing long before we got her .
 nehru-gandhi heir , populist hindu nationalist face off in india vote <sec> india 's general election will take five weeks and is the biggest election in history .  814 million -- more than combined populations of the u.s. and western europe -- are eligible to vote .  the race pits a controversial but popular hindu nationalist against a member of nehru-gandhi dynasty .  analysts are describing the vote as india 's most significant in decade .
 michael jackson 's dad files wrongful death suit <sec> new : wrongful death suit filed in federal court friday .  suit alleges dr. conrad murray gave emergency room false information .  `` other parties '' to be added to suit later , document says .  jackson was admitted to hospital as `` soule shaun .
 clinton presidential documents cover kagan , gays , email <sec> president bill clinton 's library releases nearly 10,000 pages of documents .  they include colorful remarks from supreme court justice elena kagan .  a top military official compared gay people to nazis , rapists and the kkk .  one document also has an explanation for e-mail attachment .
 another rare 'sea monster ' lands in california : a saber-toothed whale <sec> a saber-toothed whale from the alaskan deep sea washes ashore in los angeles .  its carcass is intact , giving tourists at venice beach and scientists a rare sighting .  earlier this week , a rare oarfish that was 18 feet long is found at a coastal island .  scientists ca n't say whether the rare animals ' strandings are because of global warmin .
 no shorts in notre dame , free museums in nice <sec> rick steves writes european travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows .  his tv series , `` rick steves ' europe , '' airs on pbs stations .  steves ' company , europe through the back door , conducts european tour .
 lance armstrong responds to agency 's doping allegations <sec> anti-doping agency investigating lance armstrong , five others .  armstrong says the agency is on a vendetta .  agency says it only initiates matters `` supported by the evidence .
 why was airasia qz8501 the only plane in trouble ? <sec> other planes in the area did n't experience turbulent weather , transportation minister says .  officials do n't plan to release the preliminary report to the public , he tells cn .
 shelling rocks fragile ceasefire in eastern ukraine <sec> a woman is killed in shelling near mariupol , the local government says .  shelling and explosions heard near donetsk airport , city government says .  kiev and pro-russian rebels have blamed each other for ceasefire breaches .  `` there is so much confusion , '' a mariupol resident say .
 super bowl flyover : secrets of split-second timing <sec> sunday 's super bowl flyover price tag : about $ 100,000 .  9 army helicopters will soar over new jersey 's metlife stadium .  pilot explains how military aviators fly over arenas with split-second timing .  flyover includes three types of choppers : black hawks , chinooks and apache .
 team sky ponder legal action after flecha tour accident <sec> team sky are pondering legal action after juan antonio flecha 's accident .  flecha was knocked off his bike during sunday 's tour de france ninth stage .  the french tv vehicle responsible for accident has been kicked off the race .  alexander kolobnev is kicked off the tour de france after positive drugs tes .
 portable 'blood test in a box ' gives instant diagnoses <sec> testing blood often requires a range of laboratory equipment and trained clinicians and doctors to get an accurate result .  getting samples to a laboratory and getting the result is time consuming and labor-intensive .  an irish company has developed a 'blood test in a box ' solution that allows a doctor to give an immediate reading .  the device could be used in remote locations and has even been developed for use by astronauts in spac .
 lawyer : iran has no evidence against baha'i prisoners <sec> seven baha'i prisoners accused of espionage to go on trial tuesday in iran .  baha'is are accused of spying for israel , spreading propaganda against iran .  one of defendants ' attorneys is in jail ; another is outside the country .  case of the seven baha'is has drawn global attentio .
 cell transplant sees paralyzed man walk again <sec> researchers say a 2012 cell transplant has allowed a paralyzed man to walk again .  wrocklow university surgeons used a technique developed at university college london .  researchers say , two years on , the patient can walk with a zimmer frame -- or walker .  darek fidyka said the feeling of recovering the ability to walk was `` as if you were born again .
