 british troops hand afghan district to americans <sec> british royal marines turn control of sangin district to the u.s marines .  the british have suffered heavy losses in the taliban stronghold .  the handover was possible because of the increase in the number of u.s. troops in afghanistan , nato say .
 bolivia releases imprisoned american after 18 months <sec> jacob ostreicher , who had been detained since june 2011 , was released .  a judge says the new york native will be under house arrest at night .  u.s. lawmakers say it 's the `` first positive development '' in the case .  six bolivian officials were arrested in connection with the case last mont .
 mccain campaign official denies soliciting for prostitution <sec> florida campaign co-chairman allegedly offered undercover cop $ 20 for sex .  state rep. bob allen says he is innocent , will not resign from office .  allen says he was merely looking around park he helped build .  four top strategists resigned from mccain campaign a day earlie .
 11 people missing as two ships collide off hong kong <sec> 300-meter container ship collided with smaller vessel off hong kong .  one survivor , 11 others still missing , police say .  incident happened in the early hours of monda .
 outed model blogger plans to sue google <sec> rosemary port created `` skanks in nyc , '' a site that assailed cover girl liskula cohen .  judge ordered google to reveal port 's identity after it was sued by cohen .  legal experts said port is not likely to win her cas .
 ferguson hails manchester united 's '10-minute heroes ' <sec> manchester united return to top of epl with 3-1 win against queens park rangers .  bottom team take lead in front of new manager before united come from behind .  darren fletcher scores in his first premier league start in more than a year .  united boss alex ferguson also credits substitute anderson for inspiring victor .
 lindsay lohan says she 's ready to face judge for failed drug test <sec> lohan says she failed a recent drug test .  the actress says she is `` working hard '' to overcome her drug problem .  the judge warned a failed drug test could mean more jail tim .
 weekly paper seeks medical marijuana dispensary reviewer <sec> weekly publication westword in denver , colorado , marijuana-dispensary reviewer .  paper wants to cover `` burgeoning medical marijuana scene '' says web editor .  colorado is one of 14 states where medical marijuana is legal by state law .  federal law still bans its us .
 analysis : why iran is caught in currency crisis <sec> iran is in possession of the building blocks to construct a promising , fast growing economy .  but cnn 's john defterios says the reality today with its devalued rial is the polar opposite .  with rising import prices due to a plummeting currency , iran inc. is also no longer able to compete .  defterios : iranians must be asking the question : what if we joined the global economic community .
 obama : world wants to see u.s. lead <sec> obama says he thinks u.s. influence has been diminishing .  candidate downplays notion that he is already the democratic nominee .  obama says it 's too early to discuss potential running mates .  clinton camp says she 's `` fighting hard '' to be nominee , not running mat .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> middle east is rising as a hub for air travel and aviation technology .  mme visits the factory floor of abu dhabi 's strata which recently unveiled $ 1 billion deal with boeing .  mme sits down with george whitesides , president and ceo of virgin galacti .
 rampage suspect says he acted to save norway <sec> new : survivor says he owes breivik `` a punch in the face '' .  breivik 's lawyer says it is important to his client that he be seen as sane .  prosecutors play a recording of a call for help during the shooting spree .  breivik is accused of killing 77 people in a bomb and gun rampag .
 china 's 'wild swan ' on mao and memoir <sec> jung chang came to fame in 1991 for her account of life in communist china .  her books `` wild swans '' and `` mao : the unknown story '' are banned in mainland china .  she says she feels frustrated by china 's repression of expression .  she hopes the country will find a way to debate the past without inhibitio .
 gas prices drop again as the holidays approach , auto association says <sec> the american automobile association says 84.4 million americans will be on the road .  statistics from aaa put the national average price of gas at just under $ 3.25 a gallon .  gas prices have dropped every day in december , cutting 15.4 cents from the gallon cos .
 the stories behind world flags <sec> colors clash on brazil 's flag , the ball of stars looks messy ... yet somehow it works .  canada 's maple leaf flag is one of the most recognizable in the world .  mozambique 's flag features a gun , symbolizing the country 's struggle for independenc .
 roach : beaten marquez deserves fourth pacquiao fight <sec> manny pacquiao 's trainer says juan manuel marquez deserves a rematch .  freddie roach claims pacquiao won the fight but says fourth bout likely .  judges declared the fight for pacquiao despite marquez claiming he won .  pacquiao says he is open to a rematch but is keen to fight floyd mayweather jr .
 woman poised to be 1st chinese-american to represent n.y. 's chinatown <sec> margaret chin 's likely win is a milestone for growing asian-american community .  chinatown 's community has taken awhile to understand the political process , chin says .  this is chin 's fourth attempt to win election ; this time she quit her job to campaign full tim .
 tea party movement has anger , no dominant leaders <sec> tea party express bus tour concludes saturday at u.s. capitol .  fury at obama , government in general apparent at rallies along route .  two operatives organize tour , seek ways to turn passion into action .  clear leader , moderated message eventually will emerge , organizer say .
 syrian peace talks going nowhere ; violence , military buildup resumes <sec> during peace talks , suicide car bomber in syria kills 32 near mosque , group says .  u.n. officials fear bloodshed and mass exodus at one military buildup .  new : russians `` need to back up ... words with actions , '' u.s. official says .  two warring sides blames each other for the lack of progress in peace talk .
 libya , rebels both say they control north korean-flagged oil tanker <sec> government : ship was sailing from port and we took it by force .  rebels : no they did n't ; ship is still docked .  libya depends greatly on oil sales and has africa 's largest reserves .  the dispute over one ship is part of bigger picture of who controls libya 's oi .
 quake is bay area 's strongest in 25 years <sec> one hospital treats more than 170 people , most suffering bruises and cuts .  young child in critical condition flown out for treatment , authorities say .  california governor declares state of emergency .  water main ruptures and fires break out ; at least 15,000 people without powe .
 will ukraine 's new president tame elite ? <sec> ukraine 's new president looks likely to be petro poroshenko , who supported the maidan protest movement .  he will face a full in-box , including reaching out to the east , and coming to an understanding with russia .  perhaps the biggest challenge , david clark writes , will be to rise to the expectations of maida .
 cnn exclusive : lockerbie bomber comatose , near death , family says <sec> cnn tracks abdel basset al-megrahi to his tripoli villa .  the cancer-stricken lockerbie bomber is near death , his family says .  al-megrahi was released in 2009 after doctors found he was dyin .
 2 dead as typhoon melor lashes japan <sec> typhoon melor roars into central japan leaving two people dead .  storm avoided tokyo but caused major disruption to transport networks .  storm 's victims were killed by falling tree .
 elizabeth ii : young queen who grew into a modern monarch <sec> queen elizabeth ii will mark the diamond jubilee of her accession to the throne this year .  born in 1926 , the queen became monarch in 1952 on the death of her father , george vi .  queen 's reign hit low point in 1992 as the marriages of three of her children collapsed .  monarch is known for her love of equestrian events and is a champion of modern technolog .
 the mobile photo sharing boom is here <sec> apps such as instagram , picplz and path represent next generation of photo sharing .  high quality photos can be snapped and shared in seconds on your mobile device .  until recently poor photo quality was a deterrent of using mobile device .
 report : naked woman distracts man as her accomplice robs his house <sec> as he gawked at the swimmer for 20 minutes , the robber stole jewelry .  he also stole medication and a firearm from the home .  the incident occurred june 27 in crossvill .
 has technology ruined handwriting ? <sec> one-third of participants in a study had trouble reading their own handwriting .  core education standards in u.s. schools no longer include handwriting requirements .  communicating via technology requires using different english from handwriting .  national handwriting day is celebrated on john hancock 's birthday , january 2 .
 tornado prediction is advancing and evolving , scientists say <sec> residents of moore had time to prepare for tornado , but can more be done ? .  forecasters can predict tornado-worthy storms up to eight days in advance .  new technology could yield more warning , `` cones of uncertainty '' like with hurricane .
 female f1 driver 's family touched by support <sec> maria de villota remains in a critical but stable condition in a british hospital .  the marussia driver was involved in a crash at a test on tuesday .  the spaniard lost her right eye after colliding with a stationary truck .  de villota is one of two female drivers currently involved in formula on .
 russian company seeks to buy u.s. uranium mining operations <sec> the company is one of the largest uranium extraction operations in the u.s . .  nrc : russia would control about 20 percent of u.s. uranium extraction capacity .  former u.s. nonproliferation official says he has `` no concerns about it at all .
 top question for obama : what 's his plan for isis ? <sec> president obama will lay out his plan to deal with isis in iraq and syria .  cnn 's poll suggests americans are alarmed at the prospect of a terror attack .  but the public does not support putting american troops on the ground .  it is unlikely congress will need to vote to authorize military actio .
 zimbabwe cholera death toll nears 3000 <sec> who figures show 56,123 reported cholera cases in zimbabwe .  zimbabwe 's waste-disposing system has collapsed .  health minster david parirenyatwa warns epidemic could get worse in rainy seaso .
 muslims in america , it 's time to demand justice <sec> farhana khera : muslims are targets of surveillance by the nypd because of their faith .  khera : victims of nypd 's spying program are stepping up to file a lawsuit .  she says living freely as a muslim in america today has become increasingly difficult .  khera : it is time for the courts to weigh in and ban discriminatory action by the polic .
 cnn fact check : romney , obama and iraq <sec> obama opposed the war in iraq and touted its end .  his administration sought to extend a u.s. training mission there , however .  romney has criticized the failure of that effort and said troops should have staye .
 dominant vettel secures fourth straight victory to close on f1 title <sec> sebastian vettel wins indian grand prix in new delhi .  fourth straight victory for reigning two-time champion .  fernando alonso finishes second to trail vettel by 13 points in title race .  vettel 's red bull teammate mark webber in thir .
 blog : how i navigated kenya using twitter <sec> twitter users in kenya are using common hashtag # kot to talk about their country online .  errol barnett experimented with the hashtag to see how well connected kenyan 's are .  he also met joe mucheru , google 's ambassador sub-saharan africa who gave a sneak peak into new service .
 from graffiti to galleries : street vs. public art <sec> peter ferrari is an atlanta artist whose work blurs the lines between street and public art .  graffiti , otherwise known as street art , is becoming a widely accepted art form .  in 2011 , the city of atlanta created a task force to stomp out graffiti in the city .  british artist banksy is widely known for incorporating his activism with his street ar .
 opinion : jesus and mary : it 's complicated <sec> jay parini : the image of jesus in arms of his mother , mary , is central to christmas story .  like many mother-child relationships , jesus ' with his mother grew complicated , he says .  he says records are scant , but gospels show sometimes testy , sassy exchanges .  parini : jesus , good son , would ultimately ask apostle to care for 'mother of god ' when he die .
 suicide bomber strikes u.s. base <sec> five u.s. soldiers wounded in base 's `` sleeping area '' .  suicide bomber struck about 9 p.m. ; unclear how he got on base .  official says attacker wore an afghan border police unifor .
 how a heist is masterminded <sec> police in london are trying to catch the gang which staged a multi-million heist during the easter vacation .  former police commander : such crimes require meticulous planning and use of information by criminals .  the masterminds behind such complicated crimes carefully assemble their gangs with men they can trus .
 what is the muslim brotherhood ? <sec> muslim brotherhood has been part of the political scene in egypt for more than 80 years .  it advocates a move away from secularism and a return to the rules of the quran .  the brotherhood is the oldest and largest opposition group in egypt .  its offshoots outside egypt are markedly more conservative in their view .
 south korea withdraws citizens from joint factory in the north <sec> south korea is pulling out its citizens from kaesong .  seoul says it will support the companies invested in the zone .  the north describes the south 's offer of talks as `` deceptive '' .  north korea suspended activity at the joint industrial zone this mont .
 'peak oil ' doomsayers proved wrong <sec> five years ago , speculators predicted that oil production was peaking .  david frum says recent evidence is that energy sources are plentiful .  iraq and mexico can produce much more oil , and united states is awash in natural gas , he says .  frum : gas surplus is enabling u.s. to reduce carbon emissions that change climat .
 nemtsov suspect withdraws confession <sec> zaur dadayev says he was tortured while he was in custody and , because he was scared , he confessed .  two other suspects reported they were tortured .  all three tell officials they are innocen .
 two missing after crash of u.s. navy helicopter in red sea <sec> three crew members were found in stable condition .  the crash `` was not due to any sort of hostile activity , '' navy say .
 from windows to the xbox : bill gates ' 'pioneering ' impact <sec> bill gates is stepping down as chairman of microsoft 's board .  but he 'll actually be there more as an adviser to new ceo .  under gates , microsoft has defined the computing world .  gates ' company has defined desktop and workplace computin .
 cristiano ronaldo draws blank but real close on leader in la loga <sec> real madrid win 1-0 at espanyol in la liga .  cristiano ronaldo fails to score , pepe heads winner .  ronaldo favorite for ballon d'or award for 2013 .  juventus extend club record to 11 win .
 florida prosecutor probes fsu sex assault linked to jameis winston <sec> florida prosecutor takes on case of december 2012 incident .  fsu star jameis winston 's lawyer says his client is cooperating .  state attorney willie meggs says the case could have been handled differentl .
 stuntmen try to crash academy awards <sec> movie stunt coordinators want oscar consideration for their work .  an academy committee meets june 14 to consider their request .  adding a 25th category could lengthen the already long oscar telecast .  real film stunts are in demand despite digital effects , a veteran stuntman say .
 petrova stuns radwanska to win tokyo title <sec> russian upsets world no.3 with a three-set victory at pan pacific open in tokyo .  two one-sided sets followed by a closer third with petrova coming out on top .  petrova moves up four places in world rankings to no.1 .
 pakistan bans comedy about bin laden lookalike <sec> `` tere bin laden '' ( `` your bin laden '' ) is scheduled to open in south asia on friday .  the trailer shows a bin laden look-alike being urged to impersonate the al qaeda leader .  pakistani officials express concern that the film could incite terrorism .  the film may be available soon through pakistan 's thriving pirated dvd marke .
 can cultural revival heal rift in cyprus ' divided capital ? <sec> the u.n.-patrolled green line divides cyprus .  artists , poets and musicians are returning to the divided cypriot capital , nicosia .  new cafes and galleries are bringing life to the city , and with it hope of reconciliatio .
 companies that will hire you to work at home <sec> some companies are allowing employees to work solely from home .  these companies include american airlines , tds telecom , 1-800-flowers .  many jobs and transactions can be done easily , safely and securely from home .  if you want to work from home , tell your employer how much money will be save .
 review : 'a separation ' is a great family drama <sec> `` a separation '' is one of the front-runners for best foreign language film .  nader ( peyman moadi ) and simin ( leila hatami ) are a married couple in trouble .  moadi , hatami and bayat are all deeply convincing and moving actor .
 enigma machine sells for world record price <sec> enigma machine sparks bidding war , sells for £133,250 ( $ 208,137 ) at auction in london .  encrypting device was used by nazis to encode messages during world war ii .  machine later featured in 2001 film enigma , starring kate winsle .
 bayern angry as dutch star robben is ruled out for two months <sec> arjen robben will miss the start of the german bundesliga season on august 20 .  dutch winger will be sidelined for two months due to a torn thigh muscle .  bayern claim injury was suffered in international match before the 2010 world cup .  german runners-up schalke sign spanish defender sergio escudero from real murci .
 climbers , sherpas make peace after everest fight <sec> fight erupted saturday between climbers and their guides .  handwritten agreement pledges no more fights on mountain .  climber says money , western attitudes anger sherpa .
 suspect in ship hijacking charged with piracy <sec> new : criminal complaint says pirate suspect `` conducted himself as the leader '' .  judge rules piracy suspect will be tried as an adult .  abduwali abdukhadir muse also faces conspiracy charges .  suspect 's father says he 's 15 ; prosecution says boy indicated he 's olde .
 u.s. , britain pull some staff from yemen due to terror threat <sec> new : the state department says withdrawal of personnel is in response to a specific threat .  security steps increase in yemen due to intercepted al qaeda message , other threats .  a pair of suspected u.s. drone strikes kills four al qaeda militants .  `` do something , '' ordered a message from al qaeda 's leader to his yemeni deput .
 human to hero : fast faith - muslim rower 's olympic dilemma <sec> british rower mohamed sbihi was born in britain and has a moroccan father .  sbihi is a practicing muslim and will delay his ramadan fast to compete in london .  he was picked up at the age of 15 by british rowing 's talent-spotting scheme .  at six foot eight inches , sbihi is the tallest member of the british cre .
 mccain , obama trade jabs over iran policy <sec> new : obama says iraq war has strengthened iran .  new : obama says mccain wants to `` double down '' on bush 's iraq policy .  mccain calls obama 's willingness to talk to iran 's president `` reckless '' .  mccain hits obama for saying threat of iran is `` tiny '' compared to soviet unio .
 british cycling chief bids to oust uci president and clean up sport <sec> battle ahead for top job in world cycling .  brian cookson will oppose pat mcquaid for uci presidency .  cookson promises to clean up the sport and great transparency .  mcquaid has been criticized for his handling of lance armstrong affai .
 gop tries to keep focus on irs targeting scandal - cnnpolitics.com <sec> multiple investigations of the irs targeting continue .  disclosure of u.s. surveillance programs has diminished focus on irs issue .  republicans continue raising the irs targeting in criticizing the obama administration .  the two party leaders on the house oversight committee have a public disput .
