 adorable fan-made mashup delivers twice the chris pratt <sec> the video combines his `` parks and recreation , '' `` jurassic world '' characters .  the `` jurassic park '' sequel will be released in jun .
 suspects in hair-cutting attacks on amish to return to court <sec> the five amish men face kidnapping and burglary charges .  the suspects belong to an extremist splinter group , local sheriff says .  suspects related to splinter group 's leader , bishop sam mullet .  attacks were directed against amish identity , notably custom of letting hair gro .
 cnn student news - march 7 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 'person of interest ' in abduction was sex offender , official says <sec> new : paul smith , suspected of abducting a 4-year-old gir , was a convicted sex offender .  new : police say they tracked the suspect using `` good old-fashioned detective work '' .  smith died of a self-inflicted gunshot to the head .  the abducted 4-year-old girl was discovered alive tuesda .
 police say property dispute apparently led to virginia shooting <sec> new : shooting was result of a property dispute , police said .  police : the man was killed by sheriff 's deputies after turning his gun and a dog on them .  no deputies were wounded in the shooting sunday afternoon in louisa , virgini .
 how germany 's 'carnival club ' is finding success <sec> bundesliga minnows mainz have won their first six matches this season .  their latest victory saw them stun giants bayern munich 2-1 at the allianz arena .  mainz 's prominence has come under the guidance of young coach thomas tuchel .  they will equal the german record of seven straight victories if they defeat hoffenhei .
 brad pitt joins star-studded prop 8 play <sec> pitt will star alongside george clooney and martin sheen .  the performance will stream live on youtube at 7:45 p.m. pt on saturday , march 3 .  the a-list stars attached to the west coast reading are not expected to remain with the pla .
 commentary : my crush on michelle obama <sec> jack cafferty : michelle obama is blazing a new path as first lady .  she understands that the white house is the `` people 's house , '' he says .  cafferty : she is welcoming all kinds of people and government workers .  he says her sense of style is winning support from the fashion worl .
 egypt releases al jazeera journalist ; 2 others remain <sec> australia 's foreign minister says journalist peter greste was released `` unconditionally '' .  greste is `` safe , healthy and very , very happy to be on his way home , '' his brother says .  he says the australian al jazeera journalist `` wo n't rest '' until his colleagues are also free .
 sri lanka election : country at a crossroads <sec> sri lanka 's mahinda rajapaksa concedes defeat in presidential elections .  his former ally , maithripala sirisena , will replace him as the country 's leader .  popular for ending the civil war , rajapaksa increasingly seen as authoritarian and nepotisti .
 congressman says 'lincoln ' depicts connecticut vote erroneously <sec> new : screenwriter defends film , says no key moments of the story were altered .  in movie , two connecticut lawmakers are seen voting against ending slavery .  history shows all four connecticut representatives voted yes on 13th amendment .  rep. joe courtney sends a letter to director steven spielber .
 police interview oklahoma beheading suspect in hospital <sec> new : state trooper says nolen struggled with her during 2010 traffic stop .  police say they have interviewed suspect alton alexander nolen , 30 .  nolen is suspected of beheading a 54-year-old woman in his former workplace .  oklahoma conference of churches : nolen 's actions do n't reflect on muslim communit .
 essien commits long-term future to chelsea <sec> ghana international michael essien signs new five-year contract with chelsea .  midfielder follows petr cech and wayne bridge in agreeing long-term deals .  the 25-year-old has made 143 appearances since joining from lyon in 2005 .  dutch defender khalid boulahrouz leaves chelsea for stuttgart on 4-year dea .
 for romney , a 'safe ' choice for vp is a big mistake <sec> lz granderson : many expect mitt romney to pick a `` safe '' conservative running mate .  he says romney does n't need to rally the support of base that already opposes obama .  a smarter move would be for romney to choose michael bloomberg , granderson says .  granderson : bloomberg pick would gain independent support , help show seriousnes .
 rapper lil b on 'i 'm gay ' : 'we 're all one people ' <sec> album title has brought debate , death threats .  `` i 'm not homosexual . .  i do n't like men , '' he says .  lil b has used the internet to almost single-handedly gain the spotligh .
 terror suspect allegedly planned to attack marine base <sec> daniel boyd , another man charged with conspiring to murder u.s. military personnel .  boyd previously was charged with conspiring to provide support to terrorists .  authorities allege boyd led group training for holy war overseas .  boyd was arrested in jul .
 mercedes completes brawn gp takeover <sec> mercedes have completed their takeover of the f1 team formerly known as brawn gp .  mercedes returned to the sport after it purchased part of brawn gp in late 2009 .  world champions red bull have announced a sponsorship deal with infiniti .  the japanese carmaker 's logo will be displayed on red bull 's car next seaso .
 fear , guilt chill travel itch amid slump <sec> travel deals abound , but some people are reluctant to spend money during crisis .  `` anxiety is contagious , '' even for those with steady incomes , psychologist says .  some affluent americans may feel embarrassed about spending a lot on travel .  `` it 's the best time in years to book a vacation , '' a travelocity editor say .
 newtown police chief withdraws request to fire officer with ptsd <sec> newtown police chief withdraws recommendation to fire veteran officer with ptsd .  thomas bean was haunted by the images of the massacre at sandy hook elementary .  bean could retire in 12 years , but only 2 years of disability was available , union sai .
 texas lawmakers introduce bill to bring space shuttle to houston <sec> houston is home to the johnson space center and nasa 's mission control center .  the city was not selected to receive a retired space shuttle .  the legislation would bring the discovery shuttle to houston for 15 years .  communities housing the shuttles are expected to enjoy a tourist boo .
 seawater pumped into u.s. warship to keep it stable on reef <sec> materials that could endanger tubbataha reef have been removed from the uss guardian .  salvage ships with heavy cranes are expected to arrive this week .  the minesweeper ran aground on the reef on january 1 .
 gary coleman in critical condition , utah hospital says <sec> gary coleman 's condition is critical , hospital says .  hospital wo n't give details on his illness .  child actor is best known for `` diff'rent strokes .
 obama nominates successor to nuclear regulatory commission 's top post <sec> president barack obama intends to nominate allison macfarlane as nrc chief .  macfarlane is a professor at george mason university .  gregory jaczko announced his resignation as nrc chairman this week .  jaczko has been under fire since complaints about his management style surface .
 world chuckles about # royalbaby <sec> the internet had some laughs about monday 's royal birth .  jokesters on twitter offered suggestions for baby names .  some companies used the occasion for baby-themed online marketin .
 tanks withdrawing from restless syrian city <sec> tanks said to be pulling back from hama .  city has been wracked with violence and a general strike .  syria has denied that a military campaign was under way against ham .
 bangladesh ferry death toll rises to more than 100 <sec> at least 112 bodies have been recovered , the police chief in charge of the rescue says .  the police chief can not say how many people were on board the ferry .  a survivor says six of his family members are still missing .  ferry accidents are common in banglades .
 canada severs ties with iran <sec> canada cites increasing concern about iran 's nuclear program , other issues .  foreign minister : iran is the world 's `` most significant threat to global peace and security '' .  canadian diplomats have already left iran , john baird says .  he says iranian diplomats have five days to get out of canad .
 copter crash kills prominent mexican businessman , officials say <sec> helicopter crashed sunday night into deep ravine , officials say .  crash killed moises saba masri , his wife , son and daughter-in-law , and the pilot .  saba masri , said to be worth billions , was planning major construction projec .
 cnn student news transcript - september 21 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 manchester united off to a winning start as newcastle are thumped <sec> manchester united beat newcastle united 3-0 in the premier league .  dimitar berbatov , darren fletcher and ryan giggs grab the goals .  andy carroll misses a glorious early chance for newly-promoted newcastl .
 nasdaq suffers fresh high-profile gaffe <sec> nasdaq suffered its second high-profile embarrassment in six months .  forced to cancel trades in kraft foods after a trading glitch cause shares to soar .  came a day after market regulators met over concerns on the impact of technology .  comes after facebook , knight capital trading blunders in recent month .
 sebelius orders review of obamacare website woes - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sebelius spars with gop legislators over longstanding criticisms .  new figures show increased enrollment in obamacare policies .  the bill for the obamacare website is $ 677 million , with $ 319 million paid so far .  health secretary sebelius creates a new job to assess risk from major policy initiative .
 female suicide bomber kills 40 in iraq , official says <sec> new : 2 u.s. soldiers killed by roadside bomb in baghdad on monday , u.s. says .  new : other roadside bombs in baghdad kill one police officer , injure four people .  death toll rises to 40 in explosion in karbala , official says ; 65 injured .  explosion was near holy shrine for shiite muslims , burial spot of hussein bin al .
 detective : conrad murray 's debt may have led him to 'break the rules ' <sec> new : lapd detective suspected murray would `` do whatever he needed to do to get paid '' .  new : dr. murray 's house was in foreclosure when jackson died .  new : paramedic : jackson `` looked like someone who was at the end stage of a long disease process '' .  judges limits jackson family to one in court at a time and only if mom if ther .
 how isis 's $ 2b budget helps it recruit teenagers <sec> lawyer aamer anwar says isis 's recruitment tactics differ widely from those of al qaeda .  isis engages in one-to-one dialogue with potential jihadis while sat 2,000 miles away : anwar .  group runs a slick , modern social media machine distributing messages on different platform .
 appeals court upholds $ 413 million lawsuit against syria <sec> the case stemmed from a terror group 's murder of two americans .  olin `` jack '' armstrong and jack hensley were military contractors in iraq .  the ruling was unanimou .
 'the daily show ' missed an opportunity <sec> as a black man , gene seymour thrilled trevor noah tapped for `` daily show . '' .  but in service of fair play he asks : why not a woman for the job ? .  jessica williams , samantha bee would have been good candidates . .  when will women finally get their shot at late night .
 ben affleck to play batman in next superman movie <sec> it will be the sequel to snyder 's `` man of steel '' blockbuster .  the studio plans a july 2015 release for the movie .  internet immediately responds , and not in a good wa .
 boko haram leader claims bombing , stays mum on kidnapped schoolgirls <sec> new : in a video , boko haram claims responsibility for a bombing at a bus station .  new : but the leader of the group says nothing about its kidnapping of 129 schoolgirls .  government : 45 school girls are free , the fate of the rest is unknown .  the abduction is being blamed on the islamist militant group boko hara .
 militia members plotted to kill federal officials , prosecutors say <sec> public was never in imminent danger , prosecutor says .  `` some people got ta die '' to save constitution , court papers quote one suspect .  the four suspects face a court appearance wednesday .  they are charged with plotting attacks on judges and irs agents , among other .
 unraveling the myth of the american west <sec> photographer tim richmond spent three months hitchhiking his way through the western states .  his images include people and places in faraway towns in montana , south dakota and utah .  see hi-resolution photos from richmond 's `` last best hiding place '' series her .
 professors , students protest rumsfeld 's appointment <sec> stanford : well within the hoover institution 's right to appoint rumsfeld .  rumsfeld will spend a year as a distinguished visiting fellow .  opposition : online petition has been signed by more than 3,50 .
 ailing manson follower denied release from prison <sec> manson follower , 60 , terminally ill , expected to die within six months .  susan atkins is bedridden , can barely speak .  atkins stabbed pregnant victim sharon tate 16 times .  atkins , who was convicted of five 1969 murders , has brain cance .
 arsenal climb to third in epl after late show against norwich <sec> arsenal beat norwich 3-1 to go third in english premier league .  gunners trailing with five minutes to go but three late goals seal victory .  everton maintain push for champions league spot with a 2-0 over qpr .  wigan reach fa cup final for first time in 81-year histor .
 iraqis top list of refugees seeking asylum <sec> for fourth year , iraqis top list of people seeking asylum in an industrialized nation .  they are just ahead of people fleeing wars in afghanistan and somalia .  the u.n. refugee agency said 13,200 iraqis applied for asylum .  185,000 people applied in first half of 2009 , a 10 percent increase over last yea .
 after suspension for nodding at obama , drum major quits <sec> ohio man quits band after it suspended him for nodding at president obama .  john coleman cites publicity over suspension as reason for leaving .  coleman was band 's drum major when it marched in inaugural parade .  coleman ignored military protocol , band leader tells newspape .
 u.n. : fighting in somalia 's capital sparks massive refugee exodus <sec> eight-week long push by al-shaabab and hisb-ul-islam militias prompted exodus .  u.n. : conflict in mogadishu having devastating impact on city 's population .  more than 1.2 million people internally displaced in somalia , u.n. estimates .  many fleeing their homes for first time since start of somali civil war in 199 .
 10 startups from emerging markets you should know about <sec> startups in emerging markets are designed by and aimed at a young population .  investors are making significant outlays in startups in emerging economies .  rocket internet has a large presence in frontier markets such as myanmar .  emerging economies are more likely to develop ideas that overcome specific problem .
 death of boxer arturo gatti ruled suicide <sec> gatti 's death initially investigated as a murder .  his wife , arrested as suspect , freed on thursday , newspaper says .  gatti was a junior lightweight champ and a junior welterweight cham .
 china executes 3 for railway knife attack <sec> china executes three men convicted of plotting a knife attack that killed 31 .  the train station attack shook the country and state media labeled it `` china 's 9/11 .
 michael jackson 's siblings attack estate executors <sec> siblings : `` heartless pursuit of wealth , fame and power is at the expense of our family '' .  jacksons say brother 's will is `` fake , flawed and fraudulent '' .  charges are `` grounded in stale internet conspiracy theories , '' estate says .  janet , jermaine , tito , randy and rebbie jackson sign lette .
 caroline kennedy says she 's best for the job <sec> caroline kennedy explains why she thinks she is qualified to be a senator .  gov . .  david paterson must pick a replacement for hillary clinton .  critics say kennedy has name recognition but not experience .  new poll shows just more than half of americans think she is qualifie .
 'camp gyno ' girl returns in video about middle school <sec> `` camp gyno '' ad starring macy mcgrail has been seen nearly 10 million times .  in new video , mcgrail 's character makes some bad decisions during middle school .  the video is a trailer for mcgrail 's father 's new book `` surviving middle school '' .  dave mcgrail hopes his video and book spark a conversation just as `` camp gyno '' di .
 airlines of the gulf : shaking up the skies <sec> cnn 's richard quest says the carriers of the persian gulf are causing mischief again .  they have eschewed airline alliances but are forces with which to be reckoned .  quest predicts changes including air berlin leaving oneworld .  throughout it all the gulf carriers will continue doing ad hoc deals where necessar .
 evander holyfield accused of hitting wife <sec> protective order filed against boxer evander holyfield , according to court records .  documents allege holyfield struck wife , hit her with water bottle .  holyfield 's $ 10 million home went into foreclosure in 200 .
 amanda knox 's parents say their daughter is no killer <sec> parents of amanda knox say they still hope murder trial will acquit their daughter .  they say they do n't recognize the vengeful killer portrayed by the prosecution in italy .  knox 's parents say they know they 're luckier than parents of victim meredith kerche .
 'jupiter ascending ' pushed to 2015 <sec> lana and andy wachowski 's `` jupiter ascending '' will no longer arrive in july .  its new release date is february 2015 .  the sci-fi movie stars channing tatum and mila kuni .
 u.s. target in somalia : an inside story on an al-shabaab commander <sec> mohamed abdikadir mohamed was target of raid saturday by u.s. navy seals , officials say .  the al-shabaab commander , also called ikrima , is thought to have escaped .  he 's wanted by kenya and its western allies , accused of involvement in terror plots .  he 's suspected of leading efforts to recruit and train foreigners for al-shabaa .
 gates in beijing to build on military ties <sec> new : liang : relationship has opportunities and challenges .  the trip is gates ' second to china since he became defense secretary .  the relationship between the two sides suffered a setback last year .  gates has said he wants the two nations to hold more high-level visit .
 federal judge dismisses challenge to murkowski 's re-election <sec> new : the vote count is to be certified at a thursday morning ceremony .  new : miller says he is `` evaluating the ruling and determining '' the next step .  sen. murkowski won as a write-in candidate after losing the gop primary .  murkowski 's campaign says the judge 's ruling ends her opponent 's legal challeng .
 picture emerges of sydney hostage-taker man haron monis <sec> man haron monis had history of `` infatuation with extremism and mental instability , '' abbott says .  hostage-taker was granted political asylum in australia in 2001 ; was on bail for violent offending .  his former lawyer says he campaigned against `` the victimization of muslims and islamists '' .  on monis ' apparent website , there is a pledge of allegiance to isi .
 mayor clover moore : why sydney 's sustainable future is bright <sec> combating climate change is at the heart of `` sustainable sydney 2030 '' , says sydney 's mayor . .  from investing in solar panels to led street lights , sydney is exploring ways to cut energy . .  the city also set some ambitious targets to cut 70 percent of carbon emissions by 2030 .
 pakistan to review blasphemy laws , official says <sec> federal government to form a committee of scholars to revisit the law .  religious parties are planning rallies on christmas eve .  a pakistani court found a 45-year-old woman guilty of defiling the name of the prophet mohamme .
 12 more real people who appeared in video games <sec> panama 's manuel noriega has sued over his `` call of duty : black ops 2 '' portrayal .  he 's not the first real person portrayed in a video game .  pop and rock stars , political figures and the like frequently show u .
