 silverstone support : does home advantage help in f1 ? <sec> british grand prix at silverstone is home race for jenson button and lewis hamilton .  former f1 world champion nigel mansell used to say home crowd gave him advantage .  mclaren drivers to have backing of the majority of 100,000-plus crowd due to attend .  defending champ sebastian vettel is favorite despite fernando alonso leading championshi .
 israeli military boards gaza-bound aid ships <sec> activists are from different countries .  the ships will be diverted to the ashdod port , israel says .  activists will be transferred to the custody of israeli authorities .  no resistance was reporte .
 can starbucks delivery deliver ? <sec> starbucks announces it will offer a delivery option via its mobile app in 2015 .  next month , portland customers will be able to order their drink ahead and skip the line .  the delivery option will be available to loyalty-program members in select market .
 gunmen seize parliament in ukraine 's crimea , raise russian flag <sec> kerry says russia reaffirms that the military exercises are not related to ukraine .  u.s. defense chief says he 's watching russia closely , warns against provocation .  pro-russian members of crimea 's parliament dismiss region 's prime minister .  ousted ukraine leader set to give news conference friday in russia , state media repor .
 mexico 's ruling party loses midterm elections <sec> new : german martinez , president of pan political party , resigns in aftermath .  felipe calderon 's party loses lead in mexico 's lower house .  mexican president held responsible for economic downturn , analysts say .  pri has 36.8 percent of vote to 27.9 percent for calderon 's pan , news agency say .
 obama defends record on immigration at univision forum <sec> obama says stalling of immigration reform was `` not for lack of trying '' .  recent polls have showed president obama leading among latino registered voters .  latinos are considered a crucial bloc for the november election .  the forum comes after co-host criticizes lack of latino moderator in upcoming debate .
 hurricane irene bears down on large east coast cities <sec> new : delaware 's governor : `` it 's still early for us and it 's already hitting us pretty hard '' .  new : 30 to 40 homes have been damaged in lewes , delaware , a fire spokesman says .  boston joins new york city and others in suspending subway service on sunday .  at least 9 have died in three states due to the storm , including a man killed in virgini .
 review : 'joyful noise ' is a pop-gospel fairy tale <sec> `` joyful noise 's '' musical numbers are catchy and rollicking and rather soulful .  the divinity church choir has lifted local spirits by becoming a semifinalist in a competition .  `` joyful noise '' also finds room for a romance between randy and olivi .
 with veto overrides , vermont legalizes same-sex marriage <sec> vermont house and senate voted tuesday to override governor 's veto of bill .  same-sex marriages will become legal in vermont on september 1 .  vermont becomes fourth state to legalize same-sex marriage .  jubilant supporters of the bill throng legislative building after the override vote .
 print green on the go <sec> zink technology is a thermal printing process on paper that involves zero ink .  because it uses no ink-ribbon cartridge , it is ultra-compact and ecological .  more than ever in the digital age , people feel compelled to print their photo .
 man whose face was chewed off describes attack <sec> poppo said he initially thought rudy eugene , 31 , was `` a good guy '' .  his statements were made and recorded during a july 19 interview with miami police .  eugene was killed by a police officer in may after the 18-minute attac .
 new video as removal of mh17 wreckage begins in ukraine <sec> a video that emerged over the weekend purportedly shows the crash 's aftermath .  dutch investigators have begun the removal of wreckage from the site .  ukraine 's president tells german newspaper country is ready for 'scenario of total war ' .  the passenger jet carrying 298 people was shot down in july over eastern ukrain .
 delaware pediatrician pleads not guilty to child abuse charges <sec> dr. earl bradley faces 471 felony counts , a state justice department spokeswoman said .  bradley , 56 , is accused of victimizing 103 children .  delaware ag said charges are based on seized `` video and digital evidence .
 mosque attack in nigeria leaves at least 44 dead , police official says <sec> new : 26 people were injured in the mosque attack in borno state , a medical source says .  at least 44 people died when gunmen attacked the mosque , a police official says .  villagers have also been attacked for helping the government , police sources say .  boko haram leader released a video over the weekend , boasted of the group 's strengt .
 mexico to raise tariffs on u.s. exports <sec> tariffs will target about 90 u.s. industrial , agricultural products delivered to mexico .  sen. john mccain warns that new measure will harm american businesses .  measures reportedly in retaliation for cancellation of u.s. commercial trucking project .  project allowed some mexican trucks to enter u.s. beyond normal commercial zone .
 is it morning in america , or has hope given way to malaise ? <sec> presidents obama , carter both elected at a time when voters wanted change .  analyst : carter comparison shows how expectations have changed since obama 's win .  obama , reagan faced similar problems but approached them differently , reagan aide says .  obama should worry about who he is , not who he might be , analyst david gergen say .
 google opens url-shortener goo.gl to public <sec> google hopes to revolutionize web address shortening arena with goo.gl .  website will now abbreviate your links , keeping them in storage to view later .  google says it is also using special provisions to prevent blind links leading to malwar .
 amanda knox : 'i did not kill my friend ' <sec> `` i truly believe that it is possible to win this , '' amanda knox tells cnn .  she has one final appeal -- to italy 's highest court .  knox says holes in her case have been filled with speculation .  she was first convicted of her onetime roommate 's murder in 200 .
 why obamacare fails poor and middle class <sec> scott atlas : nearly three-quarters of those insured under obamacare were added to medicaid .  access to the best doctors is very limited ; patients often have little choice of doctors , he say .
 ukraine signs eu trade pact as russia finalizes crimea annexation <sec> `` russia needs europe more than europe needs russia , '' cameron says .  russia 's president vladimir putin signs law allowing joining of crimea to russia .  eu leaders and ukraine 's pm sign the political part of a ukraine-eu trade deal .  tough u.s. and eu sanctions have been imposed on members of putin 's inner circl .
 at least 37 hostages killed in algeria gas plant standoff , prime minister says <sec> the daughter of a texas man killed says he was a `` wonderful '' father and person .  in addition to 37 confirmed dead , 5 hostages are unaccounted for , algeria 's leader says .  7 japanese , 6 filipinos , 3 britons and 3 americans are among those killed , officials say .  an algerian official says the gas plant will reopen and foreign workers will retur .
 what 's in a threat ? a look at north korea 's escalating rhetoric -- and actions <sec> new : north korea declares invalid the armistice agreement that ended the korean war .  new : north korea refuses to answer its hotline with south korea .  north korea 's leader , kim jong un , has steadily turned up the volume of threats .  last week , the u.n. security council slapped north korea with more sanction .
 exiled lawmakers to debate dalai lama 's devolution plan <sec> parliament will consider dalai lama 's plan to shed his political role .  the lawmakers can accept , reject , or amend the proposal .  the speaker of the lawmakers-in-exile says it will be difficult to accept the plan as writte .
 california man accused of trying to support al qaeda <sec> federal authorities arrested sinh vinh ngo nguyen on friday .  nguyen , 24 , also is known as hasan abu omar ghannoum , the fbi said .  he was taken into custody as he was boarding a bus for mexico , the fbi sai .
 emotional videos showcased in casey anthony trial <sec> new : an investigator testifies an odor coming from the car was likely from human remains .  the defense argues the odor could have been caused by an animal .  in one recording , casey anthony responds sarcastically to a rumor her daughter drowned .  that is her defense team 's explanation for how 2-year-old caylee died in 200 .
 at least 14 dead after typhoon mirinae lashes philippines <sec> typhoon mirinae leaves at least 14 dead , four missing .  mirinae is latest in rash of storms to hit region .  forecasters say weakened storm will hit vietnam on monda .
 kitsch is the magic ingredient in australian comedy <sec> `` hey , hey it 's esther blueburger '' is the latest comedy film to come out of australia .  like many successful australian comedies it relies on a high dose of kitsch .  films like `` strictly ballroom '' have subverted the macho aussie stereotype .  `` the adventures of priscilla , queen of the desert '' caused a storm on its releas .
 bryan brothers keep u.s. davis cup dreams alive <sec> world no.1 doubles team keep u.s. in the hunt for a place in the davis cup final .  spain lead semifinal tie 2-1 with david ferrer up against john isner in first reverse singles match .  czech republic take advantage in other semifinal against argentina after berdych and stepanek win doubles match .  wrist injury forces juan martin del potro out of crucial singles match against tomas berdych on sunda .
 got a macquarium ? photos , home museums pay tribute to macs <sec> ireport.com : outpouring of photos , stories ahead of macintosh 's 25th birthday .  software developer ben cahan photographed kurt russell with his old mac .  gil poulsen 's basement computer museum includes placards , velvet rope .  mike tuohy paints his old mac cases to look like wood and primary color .
 official : explosion at chevron refinery in uk kills 4 <sec> an explosion occurrs at a storage tank that was undergoing maintenance , officials say .  chevron 's refinery manager identifies the dead and wounded as contractors .  authorities say it is not immediately clear what caused the explosio .
 pope preaches to thousands at cameroon mass <sec> tens of thousands of people pack soccer stadium in cameroon for pope 's mass .  pope tells followers that god has not forgotten orphans , poor and abused .  he did not mention condoms after sparking controversy earlier in the wee .
 ghana hit with olympic suspension <sec> the international olympic committee have moved to suspend ghana .  `` political interference '' has been cited as the reason behind the decision .  the west-african country will now lose its olympic fundin .
 south sudan 'lost boy ' tells of hope for new nation <sec> 18 years ago , ger duany walked barefoot to ethiopia from sudan to escape its civil war .  the former `` lost boy '' is optimistic about the future of south sudan .  `` homemade solutions need to be found to fix what we messed up , '' he says .  he fears a return to war with south sudan 's northern neighbo .
 do n't be fooled by dennis rodman 's trip to north korea <sec> ellen kim , carolyn dumond : dennis rodman 's flashy visit to north korea is just a big show .  kim , dumond : bizarre episode overshadows the suffering of north korean people .  they say the regime is listed as one of the seven worst violators of human rights in the world .  kim , dumond : the world must not be blinded by the facade , it should help the populatio .
 opinion : how a century-old war affects you <sec> ruth ben-ghiat : 100 years ago this summer , world war i began . .  its legacies still resonate .  she says its carnage was unprecedented ; it changed military , sparked innovations .  she says empires fell , borders shifted , new words emerged , and women 's roles changed .  ben-ghiat : begun after an assassination , it would draw in 30 nations , upending the worl .
 is kim kardashian pursuing a music career ? <sec> a british tabloid is reporting the reality star is ready to try singing again .  kim kardashian released a single in 2011 .  proceeds from the single went to charit .
 the day the music stopped <sec> this week marks 50 years since jfk was assassinated .  boston symphony-goers learned of his death during a weekly performance .  the moment is captured on an audio recordin .
 ed henry : obama in europe -- barack and a brandy <sec> obama : world 's fate no longer decided by roosevelt and churchill sitting over brandy .  europeans respond favorably to president 's message that it 's a new era .  obama meets russian president dmitry medvedev ; relations start to thaw .  lots of heavy lifting to be done to make lofty goals reality , cnn 's ed henry caution .
 despite opening , myanmar 's 'ethnic cleansing ' continues <sec> smith : despite reforms , ethnic cleansing continues against myanmar 's rohingya muslims .  attacks between ethnic rakhine buddhists and rohingya muslims erupted in june .  more than 125,000 rohingya were forced into dozens of internally displaced camps .  smith : world should not be blinded by the excitement of myanmar 's political openin .
 after 5 years in alabama , new law has illegal immigrant family packing <sec> gabriela vazquez and her husband entered the u.s. illegally five years ago .  they found jobs , had two children and made a home in montgomery .  now , they are hurriedly packing to return to mexico .  with new state law , `` they can take me away from my children anytime , '' she say .
 nurse with ebola 'exposure ' enters nih hospital <sec> the nih admits patient who was exposed to ebola .  nih : `` situation presents minimal risk '' .  the patient is an american nurse who was volunteering in sierra leone .  un says its concentrating on western sierra leon .
 5 trends to help start the year right <sec> start the new year with some tools and trends that could make life easier .  everpurse is a handbag with a built-in receiver and battery to charge your phone on the go .  facedeals uses facial recognition to send customized deals to your smartphon .
 posthumous medal of honor goes to airman for valor during vietnam war <sec> richard etchberger is awarded the military 's highest award for bravery .  he was posted in laos during the vietnam war .  etchberger is credited with saving the lives of three wounded comrades .  he was shot and killed after he saved his fellow airme .
 'grace kelly 's ' mika confesses awkward youth <sec> mika 's new album is `` the boy who knew too much '' .  singer of `` grace kelly '' says album is about awkward times as youth .  he 's had great success now , almost recorded new album in plush mansion .  mother said he should n't , that comfort would make the album wors .
 frein search ends , life resumes in northeast pa . <sec> eric frein implicated himself in shootings after arrest , law enforcement source says .  frein searched for information about how to elude manhunts , criminal complaint says .  he was captured by a u.s. marshals team .  frein was cuffed with the handcuffs of the state trooper he is accused of killin .
 top 10 ice-skating rinks in the united states <sec> rinks around the u.s. offer a variety of amenities .  some of the best indoor rinks are in houston and minneapolis .  yosemite national park provides great views while skatin .
 clinton promises to renew u.s. leadership <sec> hillary clinton says protecting u.s. interests would be her `` overriding duty '' .  says afghanistan is president-elect obama 's `` greatest priority '' .  withdrawal from iraq also a prime task , secretary of state nominee says .  foresees diplomacy and sanctions in dealings with ira .
 lotus chose to spend cash on car rather than pay kimi raikkonen <sec> the lotus formula one team says it prioritizes spending on developing the car .  driver kimi raikkonen is leaving lotus at the end of 2013 because he was not paid .  lotus is financed by investment company genii capital , which loans the team the money .  the team is looking for a lucrative title sponsor for the 2014 seaso .
 three death sentences for tiananmen square car crash attackers <sec> eight people stood trial for a deadly 2013 attack at in tiananmen square that left six dead .  three accused have been given handed death sentences by a court in urumqi , capital of xinjiang .  one other person has been sentenced to life imprisonmen .
 famed movie critic dies at 71 <sec> veteran time magazine film critic richard corliss died thursday night in new york city .  corliss reviewed more than 1,000 movies and authored four books on fil .
 'enter the dragon ' actor jim kelly dies <sec> kelly 's appearance in `` enter the dragon '' was brief .  but his performance led to more roles .  he later became a ranked tennis playe .
 report : nba players armed in locker room standoff <sec> new york post : washington wizards teammates drew guns on each other .  gilbert arenas , javaris crittenton argued over gambling debt , paper says .  authorities say they are investigating incident but gave no detail .
 obama to take executive action on immigration <sec> president obama blames gop inaction for immigration woes .  boehner : obama 's past actions caused border problems .  obama to ask congress for money to deal with children at the southern border .  the unexpected surge of children and families has created a humanitarian crisi .
 accused celebrity hacker : 'i deeply apologize ... it eats at me ' <sec> it 's `` probably one of the worst invasions of privacy , '' christopher chaney says .  chaney says he was not attempting to sell anything .  he was charged with accessing and damaging protected computers , wiretapping , aggravated id theft .  victims include scarlett johansson , mila kunis , christina aguiler .
 the 'piranha ' running a $ 4.6 billion media empire <sec> meet rohana rozhan , boss of multi-billion dollar astro malaysia .  says secret to success is reflecting audience within workforc .
 islamist militants strike back against benghazi renegades ; 15 killed <sec> ansar al sharia fighters attack a base belonging to a libyan army unit loyal to gen. khalifa haftar .  without libyan government consent , haftar is attacking benghazi islamist groups .  he says his benghazi campaign is a war to purge libya of extremist groups .  jihadist group leader accuses him of war against islam , warns u.s. not to back hi .
 venus williams reveals no . 1 goal <sec> venus williams sets sights on no . .  1 ranking for the first time in 10 years .  williams beat sara errani to reach the cincinnati masters quarterfinals .  younger sister serena also into the last eight after beating urszula radwanska .  defending u.s. open champion sam stosur and czech petra kvitova also advanc .
 morocco 's 'liquid gold ' liberates berbers <sec> argan oil , crushed from the nut of the rare argan tree , is a traditional berber product .  recently , the oil has been touted as a miracle beauty treatment by cosmetic industry in the west .  production has been driven by hundreds of women 's worker co-ops using traditional methods .  popularity of oil has also helped the survival of the tree , which once faced extinctio .
 hard choices : is it a book rollout or campaign tune up ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> clinton events look like something from the campaign trail .  she 's become more open about her presidential ambitions , although no decision yet .  rollout of her book will help her staff prepare for if she decides to go for i .
 liverpool warn man city off bumper torres bid <sec> manchester city express an interest in signing liverpool striker fernando torres .  city manager roberto mancini says many teams in europe would like torres .  liverpool manager rafael benitez insists torres is happy at liverpool .  torres is currently sidelined with a knee injur .
 hope and horror at world 's largest refugee camp <sec> fighting and famine push somalis to kenya 's dadaab complex .  many of the children who reach the camp are severely malnourished .  they are the lucky ones , says cnn 's sanjay gupta .  the u.n. estimates 29,000 children have died in the last mont .
 how 'calvin and hobbes ' met 'pearls before swine ' <sec> `` calvin and hobbes '' cartoonist bill watterson emerges in `` pearls before swine '' .  `` pearls '' cartoonist stephan pastis says the collaboration came quickly .  the two communicated long-distance to do strips .  artwork will be used as fund-raiser for team cul de sac charit .
 teen detained after firefighters douse israeli wildfire <sec> new : israeli policewoman dies , bringing death toll to 42 .  a 14-year-old boy admits to throwing pipe coals into the woods .  the wildfire forces the evacuation of some 17,000 people .  the israeli government approves funding for victim .
 russell crowe rescued after he gets lost while kayaking off long island <sec> the coast guard plucks the actor from the waters off new york 's long island .  `` was n't really a rescue of sorts , more of an assist , '' official says .  no one was injure .
