 few laid-off workers keep health insurance , report says <sec> about 46 million people in the united states lacked health insurance in 2007 .  the new report is based on a 2007 survey of 3,501 people .  cobra was passed in 1985 to allow laid-off workers to keep health insuranc .
 look thinner in 'no-fat ' clothing <sec> charla krupp 's newest book explains `` how to never look fat again '' .  she breaks clothing choices down into high-fat and low-fat options .  ten chapters are devoted to body issues and how to cover them .  lists include butt-friendly guide to skirts , shoes and boots to avoi .
 bill clinton : i 'm an 'old racehorse ' <sec> bill clinton says he feels like an `` old racehorse '' that people call in times of need .  clinton is regularly called on to raise money for democrats .  clinton was in new hampshire for the annual jefferson-jackson dinne .
 china 's massive military machine goes on show <sec> airshow china takes place in the southern chinese city of zhuhai this week . .  show provides rare glimpse of china 's home-grown military and commercial aviation hardware . .  china is developing its own passenger jet and stealth fighters .  china needs to grow export market if it wants to afford its massive military machin .
 stateless kurds in syria granted citizenship <sec> president bashar al-assad issues a legislative decree on citizenship .  the kurds are about 10 percent of syria 's population , human rights watch estimates .  move comes during unrest in the predominantly arab countr .
 tired of your boss ? five ways to resign in style <sec> marina shifrin became an internet sensation when she quit her job via a dancing youtube video .  her video received millions of hits .  cnn rounds up other top resignation stories of the pas .
 ntsb looks at 7-hour window in nashville plane crash probe <sec> investigator says plane crashed some time after 2 a.m. , was n't noticed until 8:45 a.m . .  pilot may not have been in contact with control tower .  ntsb : single-engine cessna crashed unnoticed at nashville international airport .  there was a dense fog the night of the crash , but investigators unsure if it was facto .
 after morsi 's win , now what ? <sec> mohamed morsi , egypt 's president-elect , now inherits a variety of problems .  egypt 's military still claims legislative and budget power , restricting his authority .  the country 's economy `` has come to standstill '' since the 2011 revolt , historian says .  nevertheless , `` this is a great moment in history , '' says a morsi-allied lawmake .
 portman reversal highlights gop generational split <sec> some conservative millennials more accepting of same-sex marriage , polls , experts say .  gop will have to work to consider younger , socially liberal and older , conservative positions .  desire for inclusiveness may influence gop views on same-sex marriage .  new : rick santorum says portman 's about-face does n't reflect gop 's broader directio .
 south africa fights rape crisis <sec> rape victim and defense lawyer battle attitudes towards women in south africa .  study found one in four south african men has raped at least once .  men who spoke to cnn did not see their assaults as crimes .  latest police figures : 36,190 women raped between april and december 200 .
 u.s. navy vessels in bahrain for evaluation after collision <sec> vessels in bahrain `` to further assess and evaluate the damage , '' says navy .  uss hartford , uss new orleans collided near arabian peninsula .  15 sailors on hartford slightly injured .  fuel tank on new orleans ruptured , spilling 25,000 gallons of fue .
 pennsylvania rocked by 'jailing kids for cash ' scandal <sec> two pennsylvania judges plead guilty to federal fraud charges .  judges received more than $ 2.6 million from youth detention centers .  minors appeared before judge accepting cash from private prisons .  hundreds of minors were n't represented , attorneys sa .
 premier league : chelsea slip lets arsenal move clear at the top <sec> arsenal leads epl by five points after beating title rival liverpool 2-0 saturday .  second-placed chelsea suffers surprise defeat by same score at newcastle .  manchester city up to fourth place after thrashing norwich 7-0 .  stoke goalkeeper scores after just 13 seconds against southampto .
 1 swine flu case leads to 340 quarantines in hong kong <sec> more than 340 people quarantined in hong kong following single case of h1n1 .  those isolated due to remain in quarantine until friday .  confined persons include 36 travelers in three-row vicinity of sick man aboard fligh .
 china 's 18th party congress : why so secretive ? <sec> there are no laws -- or even clear rules -- that govern selection of leaders , bao writes .  bao : it is unlikely that public will ever know how xi became hu 's designated successor .  selection of powerful politburo standing committee is another top level state secret .  bao : public consent is lacking ; in media age , leaders respond by making system more opaqu .
 molly haskell on her brother 's transformation into a woman <sec> molly haskell 's brother john revealed he was transgender at age 59 .  haskell recounts her brother 's transformation in her book `` my brother , my sister '' .  ellen hampton , formerly john `` chevey '' haskell , now lives openly as a woma .
 the sporting year in pictures <sec> cnn takes a look back at the sporting year of 2011 .  it proved a year when sporting triumph and tragedy went hand in hand .  the new year could be a vintage one with the olympics and euro 201 .
 jay leno : '10 o'clock is like the new 11:30 ' <sec> jay leno begins the prime-time `` jay leno show '' in september .  comedian 's last `` tonight show '' is may 29 ; expect surprises , he says .  he believes audiences will welcome a 10 p.m. comedy-variety sho .
 ford explorer america goes green <sec> explorer america concept car turns popular model green .  has 3.5-liter gasoline turbo direct injection v6 engine .  body is a lighter-weight unitized desig .
 urology patients warned of possible hiv , hepatitis exposure <sec> thousands of patients of a urology clinic possibly exposed to hepatitis and hiv .  clinic routinely reused single-use saline bags and tubing .  staff told inspectors it was `` common practice '' everywhere ; inspectors disagreed .  nearly 5,700 former patients will be contacted , offered free blood test .
 gun permits for the blind ? iowa grants them , stirs debate <sec> iowa has granted gun permits to the visually impaired , a report says .  `` what could possibly go wrong ? '' .  one man quips .  each state has different rules governing gun permits .  a blind new jersey man won a legal battle to keep his guns last yea .
 from homelessness to bizarre foods fame : zimmern gives back <sec> zimmern was homeless for almost a year on the streets of nyc .  the `` bizarre foods '' chef struggled with alcoholism and drug addiction .  now he 's working with nonprofit services for the underserved .  sus provides homes , training and other services for needy new yorker .
 merkel backs libya mission , joins obama in call for gadhafi to leave <sec> new : obama bestows nation 's highest civilian honor on merkel .  obama warns of possible new sanctions against iran .  `` i trust her , '' obama says of the visiting german chancellor .  the two leaders emphasize cooperation rather than policy difference .
 steel town trying to rebound from decades at the bottom <sec> braddock , pennsylvania , thrived as a steel town .  thousands of people left after mills shut down .  mayor trying to use incentives to bring business back to area .  real estate prices are incredibly low , enticing some to move to tow .
 politics of clint eastwood 's empty chair <sec> john avlon : eastwood 's empty chair points to the gap between campaign talk , reality .  he says partisans on both sides distort their opponents ' views , play loose with facts .  avlon : the distortions are particularly apparent on issues such as health care , medicare .  he says the convention gives president obama a chance to sketch a second-term agend .
 avalanches kill 6 in the western united states <sec> new : a 28-year-old man is rescued after being buried by an avalanche in utah .  two people were killed in each of three states : oregon , utah and colorado .  a center issues an advisory warning conditions in the backcountry are still dangerous .  `` cautious route-finding and conservative decision-making are essential , '' it say .
 luca di montezemolo : 'fernando alonso 's season ? 8 out of 10 ' <sec> luca di montezemolo gives fernando alonso `` eight out of 10 '' for 2013 season .  the ferrari chairman at alonso appeared to clash earlier in the year .  di montezemolo refuses to blame the tires for ferrari 's struggles in 2013 .  sunday 's abu dhabi grand prix is the final race of the 2013 seaso .
 on cinco de mayo , find mexico in the u.s . <sec> cinco de mayo commemorates the 1862 battle of puebla .  much of the southwestern u.s. was once part of mexico .  explore historical sites in texas , colorado and beyond .  old town san diego is hosting fiesta cinco de mayo this weeken .
 china 's rising wages feed robotics boom <sec> china 's rising wages are squeezing the profits of many manufacturers .  they are also feeding a boom in the robotics industry .  one company seeking to tap this demand is german-based kuka robotics .  kuka plans to produce more efficient models to drive down costs for manufacturer .
 one person killed , several injured in 100-car pileup <sec> 100 cars pile up on interstate 94 near kalamazoo .  michigan police say 10 are injured seriously .
 cruise extols scientology in 2004 video <sec> scientology membership a privilege that 's earned , cruise says .  2004 video part of ceremony honoring cruise for humanitarian work .  scientology defined as `` study of the truth .
 muslims around the world end fast , usher in eid <sec> eid al-fitr marks end of ramadan -- dawn-to-dusk abstinence from food , drinks .  timing of eid varies around world depending on when crescent of new moon sighted .  on the morning of eid , muslims don new clothes and head to prayers .  on saturday barack obama offered greetings to american muslim .
 how 'glee ' will handle cory monteith 's death <sec> cory monteith 's death will be written into `` glee '' .  the show will air psas about drug abuse .  `` glee '' will likely end its run after season .
 cirque du sail : french acrobat family perform on 12-meter yacht <sec> french acrobat family travel the world , perform on 12-meter yacht .  dramatic show on water , described as `` ballet in the rigging '' .  family survive on donations , sailing the globe on $ 800 a month .  yacht is called la loupiote , meaning `` small light '' in old french .
 how to haul stuff after ditching your suv <sec> you can safely transport loads of equipment and people in a small vehicle .  thule makes a roof rack system that can be fitted with a multi-kayak carrier .  streamlined car top boxes are designed to reduce wind resistance and noise .  you can also rent a truck or rv and tow your car behind i .
 750,000 tickets for jackson concerts sell in 4 hours <sec> fans have queued through the night for tickets to michael jackson 's concerts .  750,000 tickets to concerts at london 's o2 arena sell out in four hours .  king of pop calling the performances a `` final curtain call '' .  tickets already being offered for resale at a price of up $ 35,00 .
 los angeles kings win stanley cup in thriller <sec> the winning goal was scored in the second overtime period .  going into the game , the kings led the series 3-1 .  it 's the second stanley cup for the kings in 3 seasons .  mayors of l.a. , new york wager on outcom .
 opinion : is obama 's media blitz a mission impossible ? <sec> gergen , katz : rarely has a president faced as tough a public mood as does obama .  they say he has ability to get people to like him but may not be persuasive on syria .  authors : public mood seems strongly against intervention .  researchers say the impact of the white house `` bully pulpit '' has been exaggerate .
 things we do when a bad mood hits <sec> readers share what helps brighten their day .  carin from wisconsin googles `` funny pugs '' and browses the image results .  after a devastating event , abby blew her troubles away with bubble .
 is team usa 's militaristic uniform a problem ? <sec> paul achter : in olympics , uniform is a calculated part of each nation 's global image .  achter : team usa 's 2012 opening ceremony uniforms draw from military style .  critics charge that military fashions are a problem because they aestheticize war , he says .  achter : how about getting betsey johnson to design our uniform for the next olympics .
 mccain wants to lift ban on offshore drilling <sec> president bush plans to ask congress to lift offshore drilling ban wednesday .  mccain says he opposes ban ; states should decide .  current law bans drilling in most of the united states ' coastal waters .  mccain would consider incentives for states that allow coastal exploratio .
 can you train your brain to make better decisions ? <sec> business leaders are taking up mindfulness training to make better decisions , says dr tamara russell .  studies show the training can help reduce the age-related decline in the brain .  google and general mills are just some businesses using mindfulness trainin .
 fox news : 'serious look ' at huckabee political activity <sec> fox news said wednesday that the network is reviewing mike huckabee 's political activity .  huckabee has a show that airs on the network on saturday nights .  huckabee is also considering another run for the gop nomination for presiden .
 u.s. and china : worlds apart but much in common <sec> in space of one week , world 's two great powers decide their immediate futures .  beijing has cautioned u.s. politicians to treat china with respect .  u.s. has pivoted to asia away from wars in iraq and afghanistan .  away from heat of politics and trade , ordinary people are building bridge .
 chick-fil-a to serve antibiotic-free chicken <sec> chick-fil-a restaurants working with suppliers .  the chain is a privately owned company with 1,700 locations .  antibiotics are used to prevent disease , aid growth .  the rise of antibiotic-resistant bacteria is a big concer .
 saving children from cambodia 's trash heap <sec> children are large source of labor at cambodian capital 's largest trash dump .  phymean noun quit her job to give them an education -- and a way out .  today she provides 240 children a free education , food and health service .
 a killer conversation with the two mikes of mystery <sec> connelly is a crime fiction veteran , while koryta may be the `` future '' of the genre .  connelly has won every award given to mystery writers .  koryta has published nine novels since 2004 and he 's just shy of 30 years ol .
 mideast : israel , hamas fighting lights up gaza skies <sec> new : palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas meets with turkey 's prime minister .  new : abbas will travel to qatar to try to `` stop this bloodshed , '' official says .  death toll in gaza rises to at least 271 , palestinian officials say .  israeli soldier also killed in gaza during the offensive , military say .
 drama ! have your facebook posts acted out live online <sec> `` stuff theater '' is acting out facebook posts live online .  the 24-hour experimental event is streaming on security firm norton 's facebook page .  dancers , artists , improv actors and others have appeared on a chicago stag .
 michael schumacher 's family 'strongly believe ' he will recover <sec> update on condition of formula one star michael schumacher .  family 'strongly believe ' he will make a recovery from injuries .  schumacher has been in a medically-induced coma since accident on december 29 .  doctors started bringing him out of the coma nearly two weeks ag .
 colombia president : two national police officers held by farc rescued <sec> colombia announces rescue of general and colonel held by farc .  the two were in captivity for nearly 12 years .  colombian president uribe announces rescue after phone call from military commande .
 opinion : crunch time for obama and washington <sec> gloria borger : president barack obama 's legacy could be shaped in a couple of weeks .  obama has been reaching out to gop , seeking progress on budget , guns , immigration .  she says obama has been taking risks in the interest of seeking compromise .  borger : president 's strategy is smart , but is congress up to the challenge .
 bush v. gore lawyers launch new same-sex marriage appeal <sec> ted olson and david boies appealing to federal court to block prop 8 .  voters approved ban on same-sex marriage in november .  same-sex marriage is legal in four states , mostly in new englan .
 japan will hold winter whale hunt , despite protests <sec> japan 's hunt last winter was cut short 2 months due to activists .  anti-whaling group says it saved 800 whales .  australia 's attorney general wants japan 's whaling to sto .
 arab league monitors to report on syria , negotiate mission extension <sec> new : opposition activists report 25 deaths across syria thursday .  the monitors will stay in syria while an extension to their mission is discussed , an official says .  arab league member states will meet over the weekend to discuss the mission 's findings .  critics say the monitors ' month-long fact-finding mission has done little to protect civilian .
 stampede at festival in eastern india kills 14 people , most of them children <sec> the stampede occurred near the river ganges in patna , the capital of bihar state .  sparks from an electric short circuit triggered panic , police said .  the area was packed with hundreds of thousands of devotee .
 march still waiting for first tornado <sec> there have been only four tornado watches in 2015 .  el nino might be helping keep the numbers down .  slow start does n't mean it will be quiet for entire seaso .
 opinion : would nsa surveillance have stopped 9/11 plot ? <sec> nsa and defenders say its bulk surveillance could prevent another 9/11 .  peter bergen : true story of 9/11 was n't a failure to have enough intelligence data .  he says the bush administration failed to connect the dots , but they were plentiful .  bergen : u.s. officials often fail to properly interpret or share the data the government collect .
 female racer 's lessons from life in the fast lane <sec> milka duno has more than one hundred races and eight wins to her credit .  venezuelan former model is a qualified naval engineer with four master 's degrees .  she intends , this year , to become the first hispanic woman to race in a nascar series .  duno shares some of the lessons racing in the tough , competitive sport has taught he .
 montana judge to retire , sparked controversy with short rape sentence <sec> judge g. todd baugh says the sentencing controversy is n't the reason for retirement .  judge says he gave `` the right kind of sentence '' in the rape case .  the victim committed suicide before the sentencing .  montana attorney general appealing the sentenc .
 oldest woman in new york city marathon dies hours after finishing <sec> `` this is the way she wanted to go , '' says the daughter of 86-year-old joy johnson .  sunday was her 25th appearance in the 26-mile new york marathon .  johnson fell about six miles from the end race , but she kept going to finish .  she appeared monday on the `` today '' show and was resting in her hotel when she die .
 anderson signs new man united contract <sec> manchester united confirm that midfielder anderson has signed a new contract .  the deal will keep the 22-year-old brazilian with the club until june 2015 .  anderson joined united in 2007 from porto and has impressed in recent week .
 china bans burqa in biggest muslim city <sec> xinjiang province passes law to ban wearing burqa in public .  a spate of violent incidents has rocked xinjiang , long inhabited by the largely muslim uyghurs .  arrival of waves of han chinese over the past decades has fueled ethnic tension .
 a son tweets his goodbyes <sec> new : the mother of npr host scott simon passed away on monday .  simon has been tweeting from patricia lyons simon 's hospital room .  reaction has been mostly positive with some dissenters disagreeing with the medium .  simon 's posts offer an intimate look into mother-son relationship and a new use of the medi .
