 'mad men ' star 's hair is 'bane of my existence ' <sec> `` mad men '' star jon hamm earned another golden globe nomination .  hamm says hair is a pain -- especially short and lacquered for `` mad men '' .  actor currently appearing in `` the day the earth stood still .
 convicted by doodles , masters is freed by dna <sec> new : judge orders tim masters released , tosses 1999 murder conviction .  special prosecutor asked for dismissal of charges against masters .  masters convicted in 1999 of murder , sexual mutilation of 37-year-old woman .  after nine years in prison , masters says , `` i want to go see my family .
 obama watched live video of bin laden raid , u.s. official says <sec> president obama is said to have watched live video of the attack on osama bin laden .  the white house 's counterterrorism chief says he monitored the situation with obama .  the cia director reportedly gave the go order for the rai .
 congo snaps 41-year win drought to top group a at afcon <sec> congo beats gabon 1-0 in group a match .  win puts congo top of the group .  burkina faso and host equatorial guinea goalless in earlier match .  2013 runner-up burkina faso bottom of grou .
 stallone begs for end of 'speculation ' about son 's death <sec> `` i am humbly begging for all to have my son 's memory and soul left in peace , '' stallone says .  the los angeles coroner and police are quiet about sage stallone 's death .  a housekeeper found him dead after a friend could not reach him , his lawyer says .  despite speculation about drugs , pneumonia killed several other celebritie .
 cuba sacks construction minister in reshuffle <sec> construction minister sacked for `` errors '' .  the errors were not disclosed .  a long-time ally is `` freed up '' at communications ministry to give him broader rol .
 report : pussy riot member asks for solitary confinement <sec> maria alyokhina and another punk band member were sentenced in august .  they are serving their two-year prison sentences in a penal colony far from moscow .  alyokhina has requested solitary confinement , russia 's state news agency reports .  it cites prison officials as saying she has `` strained relations '' with other inmate .
 mcilroy on top of the world after honda classic victory <sec> rory mcilroy wins honda classic tournament in florida .  mcilroy will go to no.1 in the new world rankings .  tiger woods puts him under pressure after an eight-under 62 .  woods and tom gillis finish tied for secon .
 pioneering spacex rocket launch aborted <sec> problem is with a thrust vector actuator on the second stage , space x says .  spacex 's scheduled launch tuesday is aborted ; next possible attempt is friday .  in a first , the company plans to try to land the rocket 's first stag .
 report : kim jong il has pancreatic cancer <sec> media reports , citing unconfirmed sources , say kim jong il has cancer .  south korea 's unification ministry denies claims of illness .  transfer of power rules unclear , but youngest son expected to be next at hel .
 richards : 'i 'm way too old ' for sheen <sec> richards : the charlie that you 've seen over the last six months is not the man i married .  richards : `` if anyone can pick themselves up , make a huge comeback , it 's charlie '' .  denise richards ' priority is her daughters : sam , 7 , lola , 6 , and her adopted newborn , eloise .  richards ' dream acting gig is a quentin tarantino directed fil .
 witness to pakistan blast : 'women and children were burning ' <sec> one family loses 18 members in the attack .  the pakistani taliban denies responsibility , condemns attack .  at least 40 were killed and about 100 wounded in an attack on historic pakistani bazaar .  witness : `` everything was on fire . .  women and children were burning .
 u.s. , richard branson slam uganda 's anti-gay bill <sec> new : the united states appeals to uganda to respect human rights .  richard branson calls on companies to refuse business in uganda .  the bill would make some gay acts punishable by life in prison .  if the president agrees , it will become la .
 celebrating fall foliage around the u.s . <sec> fall foliage exemplifies the beauty of changing seasons .  cnn ireporters around the country share their beautiful autumn images .  have a beautiful travel picture to share ? .  submit yours at cnn irepor .
 air force hero 's actions in laos finally recognized after 42 years <sec> new : the united states did not want to admit it had troops in nominally neutral laos .  chief master sgt . .  richard etchberger 's heroism was hidden for years .  he died after saving three comrades in lao .
 yemenis demonstrate as diplomats cope with crisis <sec> new : unrest reported in taiz , sanaa and hodeida .  the u.n. security council discusses yemen .  unicef voices concern over children 's death .
 court : prank call nurse found hanging by co-workers <sec> the nurse 's body was formally identified by her husband , the inquest hears .  australia 's media watchdog opens an investigation into the prank call by 2day fm .  court : jacintha saldanha was found by co-workers hanging from a scarf .  the nurse left three notes , two of them at the scene , a police officer say .
 fes : a time traveler 's delight <sec> fes is morocco 's oldest city .  in the old town , locals get around with donkeys and mules .  the old town houses 11,000 historic buildings , including the oldest universit .
 opinion : what 's wrong with internet sales tax <sec> the senate approved of a bill that will require online retailers to collect sales taxes .  daniel mitchell : state laws should only apply to things inside a state 's borders .  he says some politicians fear that without internet sales tax , consumers can find havens .  mitchell : we need competition between states ; we do n't need a sales tax carte .
 james holmes ' theater killings trial ahead of schedule <sec> opening statements on april 27 would be a month ahead of an earlier schedule .  james holmes , 27 , faces 166 counts , including murder and attempted murder charges .
 how america hurt itself over torture ( opinion ) <sec> jay parini : senate report on torture raises troubling questions and controversy .  among them : how could americans , morally , have allowed government to torture ? .  he says torture is ineffective way to get reliable information ; puts americans at risk .  parini : democracy needs rule of law , respect for human rights , u.s. must reassert thi .
 there 's a new trading card in town <sec> artist len peralta has been interviewing one geek hero a week .  the cards show a celebrity in the geek world , stylized as an iconic sci-fi or fantasy character .  geeks portrayed include weird al , aaron douglas , kari byro .
 football offers poland chance to shine <sec> doubts persist about poland and ukraine 's ability to stage tournament in 2012 .  polish fa fighting corruption claims within its domestic league .  other issues include inadequate stadiums and a poor transport infrastructure .  uefa warned both countries to speed up its progres .
 taliban : pakistani legal system un-islamic <sec> taliban in pakistan demand imposition of islamic sharia law across country .  government-taliban deal has led to implementation of sharia law in swat valley .  fundamentalist leader declares pakistan 's judicial system `` un-islamic '' .  secular pakistani political parties have condemned strict interpretation of isla .
 india hepatitis death toll reaches 38 <sec> an outbreak of contagious liver disease hepatitis b kills 38 people in india .  the victims died in the state of gujarat in western india in the past two weeks .  officials have recorded 125 cases of the infection .  doctor is facing attempted murder charg .
 democrats lose their favorite candidate : mitt romney <sec> s.e . .  cupp : democrats were very eager for romney to run .  she says they will have to discard the `` 47 percent '' and `` car elevator '' attack line .
 iraq veteran gets powerful new knees <sec> iraq war veteran gets first set of battery-powered smart knees .  sensors and artificial intelligence help knee anticipate motion and move into place .  power knee expected to hit general market in 2010 .  lt. col. greg gadson lost both of his legs to a roadside bomb in 200 .
 democrats , republicans fail to reach budget deal <sec> new : federal workers paid by appropriated funds will be furloughed in a shutdown .  reid and boehner meet and agree to keep working on a solution .  white house , congressional budget negotiations fail to reach an agreement .  without an agreement , the government will shut down after frida .
 s.c. governor evokes zimbabwe in arguments against stimulus <sec> south carolina gov . .  mark sanford has vowed to refuse some of his state 's share .  sanford casts stimulus as exercise in printing money that does n't exist to create jobs .  the governor compares it to zimbabwe 's 11 million percent inflation rate .  state legislatures can override governors and take stimulus money anywa .
 obama 's syrian airstrikes get bill clinton 's approval <sec> the former president says he supports the obama administration 's actions in syria .  clinton has not always been as supportive of the administration 's policy regarding syria .  hillary clinton , too , was supportive of obama 's decision on wednesda .
 attorney : inmate 's birth defect could make execution 'excruciating ' <sec> convicted murderer russell bucklew is scheduled to be executed in missouri after midnight .  attorneys want the execution videotaped as evidence that bucklew suffered in process .  judge has denied motion for stay , saying that bucklew could suffer from birth defect .  lethal injection cocktails have sparked numerous appeals as drug supplies dried u .
 india 's narendra modi : foreign policy game changer ? <sec> india 's new prime minister has promised citizens growth and prosperity .  what 's less clear is how narendra modi will approach foreign policy .  modi has wasted no time connecting with other foreign leaders .  in the past india 's foreign policy has been more about continuity than chang .
 stallone , schwarzenegger and harrison ford invade cannes on tanks <sec> `` the expendables 3 '' cast members arrive on tanks to promote upcoming blockbuster .  action legends sylvester stallone , arnold schwarzenegger and dolph lundgren attend .  sly stallone not ready to give up action yet : `` when your a** falls off it 's time to retire '' .  harrison ford , mel gibson and jason statham also at hilarious press conferenc .
 'the hunger games : catching fire ' : count out taylor kitsch as finnick odair <sec> taylor kitsch told the los angeles times that he will not be playing finnick odair .  kitsch is already committed to director peter berg 's navy seal drama `` lone survivor '' .  that film will likely be shooting at the same time as `` catching fire .
 john legend marries swimsuit model chrissy teigen <sec> legend marries model girlfriend in italy .  the acclaimed singer 's latest album is called `` love in the future .
 four simple steps to beating the holiday blues <sec> with an emphasis on family and celebration , some people can feel down .  hiding out does n't help ; force yourself to mix and mingle with a small group of friends .  avoid facebook , hit the gym , volunteer and remember you are in charge of yo .
 penn offers 'wasting time on the internet ' class <sec> university of pennsylvania is offering the class next semester .  it 's being taught by poet/professor kenneth goldsmith .  he says he thinks `` the internet is making us smarter , '' not dumbe .
 2 justices spar over tennessee execution <sec> john paul stevens , clarence thomas disagreed over whether to grant a stay of execution .  stay was denied , cecil johnson jr. was put to death by legal injection in tennessee .  stevens was concerned too much time elapsed between sentencing , scheduled execution .  thomas : inmate challenged conviction , sentence for nearly 29 years , which led to dela .
 polio makes its 'final inch ' toward global eradication <sec> 'the final inch ' focuses on the polio vaccine efforts in india and pakistan .  millions of children abroad remain unprotected from polio .  this year , there have been 26 recorded cases of polio around the worl .
 opinion : greek election a democratic sos <sec> greek voters go to polls sunday in first election since euro crisis .  journalist pavlos tsimas says electorate will be `` sending out an sos '' .  tsimas : mainstream parties likely to be punished for their role in the financial crisis .  extremist political movements may benefit from voters ' ange .
 the middle east 's new king of hotels aims to build where others fear to tread <sec> rotana hotels is expanding across the middle east at a rapid rate .  ceo has plans to develop new hotels in iran in near future .  company also wants to push into markets in india , australia and southeast asi .
 hong kong : 'the real santa 's grotto ' <sec> hong kong hosted the second largest toy fair in the world this week .  buyer likens it to a `` santa 's paradise '' .  the city 's toy industry is on an uptick , according to fair 's organizer .  safety regulations for toy manufacturing in china have improve .
 vettel upstages schumacher to claim bahrain pole <sec> sebastian vettel claims pole position for sunday 's bahrain grand prix .  vettel won the final race of last season in abu dhabi for red bull .  returning legend michael schumacher has to settle for seventh in his mercedes .  ferraris of felipe massa and fernando alonso second and third on gri .
 8 potential replacements for steve jobs <sec> tony fadell is retired , but retained as a `` special advisor '' to jobs .  scott forstall has a good chance of being the next leader of apple .  peter skillman certainly has the right criteria for the apple ceo rol .
 police : 'jackass ' star ryan dunn was drunk and driving over 132 mph <sec> dunn 's blood alcohol level was twice the legal limit , police say .  his porsche was speeding 132 to 140 mph , police say .  dunn and his passenger died from `` blunt and thermal trauma , '' the coroner says .  dunn was known for pranks and dangerous stunt .
 opinion : was the deal to free bowe bergdahl justified ? <sec> douglass cassel : the objections to the bergdahl deal raise serious issues .  he says negotiating with the taliban , which was holding bergdahl , made sense .  cassel : administration was justified in not complying with requirement to notify congress .  he says guantanamo remains a gaping wound in u.s. credibility internationall .
 nyad quits swim after storm , jellyfish stings <sec> diana nyad performed a `` monumental and extremely dangerous '' feat .  she was about halfway through her swim when she exited the water .  `` nobody in the world would even attempt this , but we did . .  that 's huge , '' her team says .  she had been blown off course by a storm , the team sai .
 biography : tino schaedler <sec> tino schaedler is a leading authority on progressive film design .  schaedler has designed digital sets on on several big budget productions .  he worked for three years as an architect before moving into film industr .
 india grapples with rape and sexual violence <sec> rape of a 7-year-old on a train draws outrage in india .  india sees a series of high-profile sexual violence cases since the deadly gang rape case .  government passes stricter laws to punish those who do n't investigate reported case .
 real madrid tops world 's clubs for 10th straight year <sec> real madrid tops deloitte 's annual money league for the club with the highest revenue .  manchester united surpasses barcelona and bayern munich to move into second spot .  list is dominated by english football with all 20 premier league clubs in the world 's top 4 .
 carbon capture and storage : how does it work ? <sec> ccs technology being tested in small-scale projects around the world .  carbon dioxide removed from fossil fuels and piped back underground .  depleted oil and gas fields seen as best place to store captured co2 .  change could be partially funded by emissions trading schemes ( ets .
 police seek parents of child who died in care of teen sister <sec> parents wanted for questioning after girl 's body found at home .  north las vegas police : 3-year-old had been dead for at least a few weeks .  17-year-old sibling is held in cas .
 shutdown sidelines u.s . merchant marine academy cadets <sec> u.s . .  merchant marine academy starts its fall break early .  staff subject to furlough , the academy 's website says .  some parents are concerned their students ' careers will be delayed due to the shutdow .
 nearly 20 % report problems on cruises <sec> survey ranks disney cruise line highest in customer satisfaction , carnival the lowest .  some 18 % of passengers report experiencing a problem on their trip , the survey says .  but overall customer satisfaction with cruise lines remains high , report say .
 attorney for kidnap case wife worried by media coverage <sec> nancy garrido faces charges with her husband in abduction of jaycee lee dugard .  her attorney says media coverage has included `` misstatements ... speculation '' .  attorney gilbert maines says he 's working on getting nancy garrido to confide in him .  maines says the case is `` horrendous '' for nancy garrido as well as the victim .
 bright spots in haiti 's health care 3 years after quake <sec> some programs are making a difference in haiti 's health care , doctors say .  a january 2010 quake devastated the already impoverished nation .  dr. john macdonald 's clinic has served more than 10,000 patients in about a year .  malaria rates are down , and a vaccination campaign reaches 90 % of kids , doctor say .
 chris christie is right about sports gambling ( opinion ) <sec> court will rule on chris christie 's effort to legalize sports gambling in new jersey .  danny cevallos says sports leagues , federal government oppose the move .  he says it 's not an objection on moral grounds ; the foes just want their share of money .  cevallos : for new jersey , the key is to stop the loss of casino job .
 north korea 's motivation ? survival , experts say <sec> north korea 's negotiations driven by economic need , desire for survival , experts say .  china , embarrassed by nuclear test , has prodded north korea , expert says .  deceit possible , experts say , but nation 's best interest is to be on west 's good sid .
 gop victory means no time to waste ( opinion ) <sec> ron bonjean : winning the midterm elections is not enough for republicans .  bonjean : gop must try to keep the senate in 2016 and its majority in the coming cycles .  he says now is time for gop leaders to present the best ideas that can help americans .  bonjean : it 's a well-deserved victory , but gop brand is stagnant and must be fixe .
 king : lower ninth ward trails in new orleans 'new normal ' <sec> 95 percent of lower ninth ward clinic 's patients have no health insurance .  while most of the debris from katrina is gone , area still abandoned wasteland .  city 's demographics changing as it enters its 'new normal ' after storm .  clinic director hopes lower ninth wo n't be forgotten in ambitious obama agend .
 belgian pm is first 'president of europe ' <sec> belgian pm herman van rompuy appointed first `` president of europe , '' british pm gordon brown says .  tony blair ruled out after his successor as uk pm realized blair had insufficient support .  president of ec will be first permanent chief of the european council of ministers .  selection conducted by heads of state and government , not by europe 's parliamentarian .
 'gluten-free ' now really means gluten-free <sec> `` gluten-free '' products must now have undetectable levels of gluten to use that label .  products also can not contain wheat , rye , barley or any crossbreed of these grains .  if manufacturers use the label anyway , they could be subject to fda regulatory actio .
 students swim through hell and high water to honor veterans <sec> swimmers fight rough currents , nausea in trip across english channel .  swim raised money for nonprofit that helps vets find roles in community service .  two rhodes scholars , 3 naval academy grads say swim also honors vets on d-day .  `` i felt like an ant in a toilet bowl , '' swimmer say .
 5 ways oscar de la renta was a pop icon <sec> oscar de la renta was more than just a designer .  his name was synonymous with class and style .  his influence spread to film and t .
