 opinion : al gore hurricane hubbub and climate change <sec> washington post corrected report that al gore cited creation of category 6 storms .  gore was referring to a scientist 's statement that such a category might be needed .  gretchen goldman : it 's safer to talk about scientifically clear data such as sea level rise .  she says gore 's basic points were correct , including the rise in co2 level .
 army general is nation 's first four-star woman <sec> lt. gen. ann e. dunwoody promoted to lead army materiel command .  dunwoody is 33-year veteran of army .  dunwoody to have 133,000 personnel under her comman .
 saudis reveal details of attempted assassination of minister <sec> wanted saudi militant abdullah hassan talea ' asiri had been hiding in yemen .  reportedly got in touch with saudi authorities saying he wanted to turn himself in .  asiri met with saudi assistant minister of interior for security affairs .  he explained other saudi militants in yemen also wished to surrende .
 sandy hook students to return to class <sec> sandy hook students return to class for the first time since the december 14 shooting .  the students will travel to chalk hill middle school in the nearby town of monroe , connecticut .  the shooter killed his mother and then 26 children and adults at sandy hook elementary schoo .
 pastor weighing plans to burn qurans amid u.s. warnings <sec> new : pastor calls on petraeus to confront radical islam .  he says congregation is aware of warning that act could cause problems for u.s. troops .  u.s. embassy deplores disrespect against islam .  quran-burning pastor is `` really quite uninformed , '' atlanta imam say .
 when wearing a u.s. flag t-shirt is wrong <sec> ruben navarrette : students wore flag t-shirts to provoke mexican-american students .  navarrette : principal asked them to remove shirts , and they and their parents sued .  showing common sense , he says , a judge dismissed the case , ruling in school 's favor .  navarrette : parents taught kids to play the victim , failed to teach them respect for other .
 patriots coach 'shocked ' by aaron hernandez 's arrest on murder charge <sec> new : bill belichick says he felt `` personally hurt '' by aaron hernandez 's arrest .  new : he says the team tries to check its players ' backgrounds , but they are n't perfect .  new : prosecutors ask to delay a probable cause hearing , so a grand jury can have more time .  new : a judge agrees to a delay until august 22 , over the defense 's vehement objectio .
 nigeria : boko haram victim cried for help , no one came <sec> `` i looked around me and there was fire burning ... dead people , '' victim says .  boko haram-related violence killed 1,500 in the first three months of this year .  the group is known to use gunmen on motorbikes to kil .
 hall of famer els still hungry for major success <sec> ernie els elected into world golf 's hall of fame at first attempt .  40-year-old south african `` very honored '' to be picked .  els still hungry to add to his major tally and has targeted a win at the u.s. master .
 change the list : 27 of your favorite rivers ( opinion ) <sec> cnn compiles a list of `` your favorite rivers '' from submissions .  the list includes the tunga , in india ; the arno , in italy ; and the hue , in vietnam .  ireporter sandi kubbs : `` who i became is intrinsically tied '' to the little wabash river in illinois .  what rivers are we missing ? .  nominate your favorite waterway at cnn irepor .
 romneys share looks but not traits , colleagues say <sec> george romney was outspoken , a trait not generally attributed to his son , mitt romney .  father and son both made their bones in the business world .  he looks like his father , but the directness and openness is not there , former lawmaker say .
 chimpanzee personhood effort fails first legal tests in new york <sec> three lawsuits to declare four chimpanzees `` legal persons '' rejected by courts .  the nonhuman rights project says tommy , kiko , hercules and leo deserve `` bodily liberty '' .  tommy 's owner says the chimp is not held in a prison , calls lawsuit `` ridiculous '' .  rights group says it will appeal , file suits for other `` self-aware '' animal .
 china quality chief quits over milk scandal <sec> head of china 's quality watchdog resigns over tainted baby formula scandal .  who representative said scandal shows up flaws in china 's food supply chain .  four infants in china dead , 53,000 reported ill from tainted milk powde .
 kim kardashian battles obama for twitter followers <sec> the kardashian sisters credit twitter with helping them make major decisions .  the sisters tell piers morgan their marketing and fashion savvy help keep their brand going strong .  kim kardashian says her most extravagant purchase was a $ 115,000 wristwatch .  see the full interview with kim and kourtney kardashian on `` piers morgan tonight , '' 9 p.m. e .
 van nistelrooy makes hamburg move <sec> ruud van nistelrooy has joined hamburg on a free transfer from real madrid , the german bundesliga club have confirmed . .  hamburg coach bruno labbadia revealed he was pleased to capture the striker and is confident he will find the net regularly for the club . .  english premier league sides tottenham and west ham had also been interested in signing the ex-manchester united forward .
 anti-whaling activist receives probation and suspended sentence <sec> anti-whaling activist receives suspended sentence and probation .  peter bethune says he did not intend to harm anyone .  bethune admits he threw butyric acid at japanese whaling ship .  activists were protesting japan 's whale-hunting practice .
 the new age of tv theme music <sec> music and theme songs continue to be among the most memorable parts of tv .  with the arrival of prestige tv series , music on television is also gaining in esteem .  young emmy-winning composer bear mccreary sees a `` renaissance in the industry .
 sandusky 's autobiography titled 'touched ' <sec> sandusky is accused of engaging in sex with young boys .  he maintains he is innocent .  his autobiography explores his career and work with kids ' charities .  sandusky stepped down from coaching in 2000 to focus more on a kids ' charit .
 behind the scenes : debating guns in national parks <sec> a new proposal would change regulations on guns in national parks .  it would allow the parks to adopt the same gun laws as the state they are in .  now the parks operate under u.s. department of the interior regulations .  proponents say guns would increase safety , opponents say the opposite is tru .
 us plans for possible evacuation of embassy in yemen <sec> al qaeda in arabian peninsula said it planted devices at yemen president 's home .  the u.s. ambassador was expected for a meeting there .  u.s. military is concerned about clashes near the airport in sana .
 macbook price cuts highlight tough choices for apple <sec> apple might just be getting sucked into a recession-prompted price war .  the company has shaved hundreds of dollars off its macbook models .  apple 's computers have historically been priced well above the average pc .  apple 's macbook price cuts are a strategic move to reclaim growt .
 robyn lawley is right about body image ( opinion ) <sec> lz granderson : `` plus-size '' model gets cyberapplause for posting unretouched pix .  lz : if she 's `` plus-size , '' it 's bad news for average women , who run about 165 pounds .  he says america 's distorted views of beauty , appearance affect women and men .  lz : maybe lawley 's brave photos will raise awareness of how crazy our beauty image i .
 new jersey hiker mauled by black bear <sec> darsh patel , 22 , a rutgers university senior , died when a 300-pound bear mauled him .  authorities say such attacks are highly unusual .  patel became separated from a group of four friends with whom he was hikin .
 bosnia 's progress a tribute to holbrooke <sec> richard holbrooke negotiated dayton accords , which ended bosnia war in 1995 .  denis prcic says bosnia has overcome challenges and become more stable .  he says economy is gaining strength and offers growth potential .  prcic : a generation of bosnians is motivated to return and help their homelan .
 saddam 's half-brother dies of cancer <sec> sabawi ibrahim al-hassan had been convicted of murder , crimes against iraqis .  al-hassan was on u.s. list of most-wanted iraqis after regime toppled in 2003 .  former saddam adviser was captured in 2005 and turned over to iraqi authorities in 201 .
 chaz bono drops 60 pounds <sec> chaz bono says a change in eating habits helped him lose weight .  he debuted his new look at the glaad media awards .  the former `` dancing with the stars '' contestant is still dancin .
 minimum wage : working people live in poverty ( opinion ) <sec> writers : no one who works full-time in the u.s. should have to raise a family in poverty .  they say purchasing power of minimum wage of $ 7.25 an hour has eroded since 1960s .  writers : raising minimum wage would take up to 3.6 million people off food stamp rolls .  they say working people would pump money into their local community 's econom .
 baghdad celebrates first public christmas amid hope , memories <sec> iraq 's first public christmas party decorated with jesus , santa , christmas tree .  celebration put on by interior ministry to `` strengthen community ties '' .  kids ' art projects show baghdad scenes , including one with toy as dead `` terrorist '' .  christian priest at celebration says baghdad changes give him hop .
 egyptian leaders vow probe , anti-discrimination push after deadly clashes <sec> new : egyptian leaders to push a law mandating equality for building places of worship .  new : the pledge comes after an emergency meeting led by the prime minister on new violence .  the death toll from sunday 's clashes rises to at least 25 ; more than 270 are wounded .  a coptic leader faults outsiders for the clash between troops and protester .
 14 die in 48 hours in juarez <sec> police : a newspaper vendor is targeted by an area gang in turf war .  a police officer is killed at a crowded intersection .  more than 100 police officers were killed last year , sanchez say .
 8 al jazeera journalists charged by egyptian authorities , network says <sec> eight al jazeera journalists are named on an egyptian charge sheet , the network says .  the eight were among 20 people named .  `` most are not employees of al jazeera , '' the network said .  the eight include three journalists jailed in egyp .
 sgt . bowe bergdahl moved to outpatient care in texas <sec> bowe bergdahl is now in outpatient care .  his reintegration process will continue , the army says .  bergdahl was released from taliban captivity last mont .
 commentary : bill clinton shows that diplomacy works <sec> joseph cirincione : clinton administration started outreach to north korea .  he says bush administration cut it off , saying u.s. does n't negotiate with 'evil ' .  he says clinton 's successful trip shows effectiveness of diplomacy .  cirincione : obama administration must seize moment for further progres .
 50th anniversary of munich air crash <sec> football pays tribute on the 50th anniversary of the munich air disaster .  eight manchester united players died when plane crashed on take-off .  a total of 23 people were killed as utd returned from cup tie in belgrad .
 obama under fire over benghazi suspect <sec> republican lawmakers oppose ahmed abu khatallah 's trial in the u.s. court system .  they think he should have been sent to guantanamo bay .  the same lawmakers say the u.s. is facing serious threat .
 16 artist hangouts you can still hang out in <sec> hemingway was a frequent guest at pubs all over the world , including five on this list .  harry 's new york bar in paris was frequented by coco chanel , rita hayworth and george gershwin .  the only pub w. b. yeats ever visited was toner 's in dubli .
 fighting dogs face grim future <sec> dogs that survive the fighting pit are almost always euthanized .  50 remaining pit bulls seized from michael vick 's property could be euthanized .  roughly half of all dogs euthanized at shelters are pit bulls or pit bull mixes .  pit bulls can be good pets if bought as puppies and raised properl .
 we are watching you ! tech helps africans hold governments to account <sec> mobile phones are helping african citizens hold their governments to account .  loren treisman : `` there 's a real thirst for this information in africa '' .  technology can help ensure governments serve the interests of their citizens , she say .
 a berlin hub powers europe 's coolest start-up scene <sec> berlin is vying with london to be capital of europe 's start-up scene .  factory has 24 companies in its space , including global players like soundcloud .  the large co-working space is supported by google and kpm .
 libya lists 'proposals ' for ceasefire , spain says <sec> a list of proposals was sent to several european countries .  nato is enforcing a no-fly zone in liby .
 opinion : why we 're running for boston <sec> runners take to the streets in response to the boston bombing .  ireporters have started a run for boston project .  join the movement by may 1 by uploading a photo of your running shoes .  cnn will issue new run for boston challenges in coming week .
 gas prices drive geos from clunkers to chic <sec> marci solomon bought 1996 geo metro for $ 7,300 .  solomon 's old car got 28 miles per gallon ; metro averages 40 .  brandon netz has side business finding , fixing and selling metros , festivas .  solomon : `` it 's about , do i want to eat , or do i want to make it to work ? .
 fbi targets mob in major sweep , dozens in custody <sec> new : some 125 people are currently in custody , says attorney general holder .  new : four of those charged were previously in custody , officials said . .  91 members and associates , including one in italy , are charged with federal crimes .  another 36 suspects were charged for their roles in the alleged criminal activit .
 pro-ellen ralliers surpass one million moms on facebook <sec> one million moms railed against j.c. penney for hiring ellen degeneres .  j.c. penney stood by degeneres .  1 million people who support ellen for j.c. penney surpasses one million mom .
 nigerian 's scam nets 19-year sentence <sec> police : nurudeen was engineering student when he met the woman online in 2007 .  nurudeen pretended to be a british engineer working in nigeria .  authorities do not say how he was caugh .
 uk supermarket chain to sell viagra <sec> tesco will sell viagra over the counter in 300 of its stores .  men must fill out a questionnaire and have health checks .  viagra is already available over the counter in the boots pharmacy chai .
 security measures heighten as 9/11 anniversary approaches <sec> all americans need to be vigilant to suspicious activity , officials say .  swat teams , bomb squads and k9 units are deployed in washington .  some toughened security will be out of the public eye , officials say .  `` continue your life as normal . .  be vigilant , '' u.s. vice president say .
 what the suspects ' family has to say <sec> the family members of the bombing suspects are speaking out .  a family member told abc news the eldest son 's views worried them .  the wife of tamerlan tsarnaev is not talkin .
 mainsail in october <sec> what makes a 'classic ' yacht ? .  mainsail takes up the challenge to find out .  shirley robertson hitches a ride on some of the world 's most iconic yachts .  she drives the new alinghi 5 , while chatting to alinghi team boss bertarell .
 u.s. closer to expanding training for syrian rebels <sec> plan still must be approved by president barack obama .  it would go along with a cia program approved a year ago to train and equip rebels .  syrian opposition adviser says the al-assad regime is an `` enabler of extremism .
 baby born with protruding heart battles for life <sec> new : father speaks about 1100 km train journey to save his son .  newborn baby with heart protruding from his chest faces complex surgery thursday .  the baby has severe infection and hole in his heart .  doctors in new delhi say only five to eight cases of this kind in one million live birth .
 india 's marathon election ends <sec> voting in the month-long exercise was spread across 28 states .  india is scheduled to hold the vote count on saturday .  prime minister manmohan singh 's congress party seeking re-electio .
 voter id laws are common sense <sec> reince priebus says dems fundraising letter opposes gop moves to curb election fraud .  he said it gives the impression the gop is trying to disenfranchise voters .  he says likely voters polled want voters to show photo id ; high court has upheld id law .  priebus : voter id laws are common sense , effective way to fight faulty and fraudulent votin .
 thousands of chileans homeless after quake , mayor says <sec> new : tocopilla mayor : more than 1,200 homes flattened , shelters damaged .  dozens of workers freed from collapsed roadway tunnel , officials say .  chilean navy is moving heavy equipment into the area to help with rescue .  7.7 quake north of tocopilla happened at 12:40 p.m. ( 10:40 a.m . .  et .
 5 feisty presidential daughters <sec> president harding 's illegitimate daughter was conceived on couch in senate office .  review of harry truman 's daughter prompted presidential threat against reporter .  president taylor 's daughter married future president of an enemy power .  woodrow wilson 's daughter followed a guru to indi .
 u.s. marine charged with rape in japan <sec> no date set for the court-martial .  u.s. military charges marine after girl dropped charges in february .  most of u.s. troops in japan are stationed in okinaw .
 china spends $ 1 billion to tackle drought <sec> new : the government invests $ 1 billion to combat the drought .  some 2.57 million people suffering from drinking water shortages .  china 's capital goes 108 days without rain or snow , a 60-year record .  authorities seed clouds to try to end the drough .
 how namibia turned poachers into gamekeepers and saved rare wildlife <sec> namibia 's land ownership issues created poaching problem until 1980s .  turning poachers into stewards of land and wildlife transformed situation .  numbers of big game increased and provided income for locals .  community tourism and other benefits have emerged from the 'conservancy ' progra .
 texas nearly out of execution drug <sec> states have struggled to maintain supply .  european makers of pentobarbital bans its use in execution .
 nasa sends unmanned rocket to the moon <sec> new : it launched at 11:27 p.m . .  et from virginia .  new : it will study the lunar atmosphere and environment .  new : it will have an orbiter to gather information on the moo .
 gadhafi son tried to go secretly to mexico , official says <sec> the name of the operation is `` operation house guest '' .  lawyer says saadi gadhafi has not tried to violate his restrictions .  a newspaper investigation brought attention to the cas .
 chinese petitioners claim hotel used as 'black jail ' <sec> five people tell cnn they were held against their will at a holiday inn express in china .  the five were attempting to air grievances at a conference of chinese leaders in march .  local petition bureau and ihg , owner of the holiday inn express brand , deny these claims .  human rights officials say unofficial detentions in `` black jails '' are rising in chin .
 bayern munich thumps roma ; man city held in moscow <sec> bayern munich beats as roma 7-1 in the european champions league .  the german champions raced into a five goal lead after just 36 minutes .  shakhtar go 6-0 up before the interval against bate borisov in belarus .  a total of 40 goals scored across eight matches setting a new recor .
 'munsters ' reboot : meet herman 's wife lily ! <sec> nbc announces portia de rossi will play the wife of herman munster in its reboot .  de rossi will star with jerry o'connell , who was cast as herman munster .  the reboot , `` mockingbird lane , '' was originally developed for fall , but casting proved too difficul .
