 portugal football legend eusebio dies <sec> eusebio , 71 , died from a heart attack , former club says .  the striker was considered one of the sport 's greatest players .  eusebio was top scorer at 1966 world cup .  portugal captain cristiano ronaldo among those to pay tribut .
 a day after protests , syria makes arrests , hunts for 'armed group ' <sec> syria searching for members of 'armed group ' .  at least 11 people were killed on friday .  around 20 arrests made in daraa and hom .
 bangladeshi court rejects microcredit pioneer 's appeal <sec> yunus won the nobel peace prize for pioneering microcredit lending .  the government says he is past retirement age and must give up his post at grameen bank .  some of his supporters say the government 's actions are politically motivate .
 time to toot horn for george h.w . bush <sec> david frum : george h.w . .  bush , 88 , must recover to continue to inspire on way to 90 .  bush has packed much into life : war hero , ambassador , cia chief , vp , president .  he says elder bush not given enough credit for role in shepherding end of cold war .  frum : bush will not toot own horn ; others ( kuwaitis , eastern europeans , americans ) shoul .
 michael jackson 's ex-wife up next in death trial <sec> new : debbie rowe is expected to be questioned about jackson 's drug use during the 1990s .  the concert promoter is using randy jackson 's testimony in the wrongful death trial .  aeg live lawyers say jackson was a secretive drug addict even beyond his family 's help .  his brother would `` kind of hide from me , '' randy jackson testifie .
 thai police seek 5th suspect after bombings <sec> a thai court has issued warrants for four iranians in relation to bombings in bangkok .  the police say they want to arrest a fifth person , a 52-year-old man .  the bangkok blasts came after bombs targeted israelis in india and georgia .  israel and iran have traded accusations over who is to blame for the bombing .
 voeckler takes yellow jersey after crashes mar tour stage <sec> thomas voeckler in the yellow jersey after ninth stage of tour de france .  voeckler finishes second to luis-leon sanchez after stage of high drama .  alexander vinokourov and juergen van den broeck both crash out of rac .
 it 's time for some digital spring cleaning <sec> here 's how to freshen your facebook pages and clean up your social media presence .  socioclean will comb through your facebook profile to make it future-employee appropriate .  tweeter karma lets you see which of your twitter followers are following you bac .
 hp resurrects touchpad tablet to pacify rabid customers <sec> hp has plans to produce another round of touchpad tablets before year is out .  it will be a few weeks before devices from the additional run will be available for purchase .  now selling for $ 100 , a 16-gb touchpad costs hp approximately $ 300 to buil .
 kobe bryant , wife say they are calling off divorce <sec> the couple announced the move on social media .  vanessa bryant filed for divorce in december .  they have two daughters togethe .
 south africa 's urban farming revolution <sec> urban farms are taking cape town , south africa by storm .  some people grow them out of old toilets and tv sets .  food activists hope the movement will also generate incom .
 leaking pipeline reopens , but industry concerns remain <sec> leaking enbridge oil pipeline near chicago back up and running , company says .  congress holds hearings after recent incidents -- including 800k-gallon michigan oil spill .  hearing witness : `` my 12-year-old asks me frequently , 'am i going to get cancer ? ' '' .  enbridge president `` deeply concerned '' by the michigan inciden .
 french farce to golden glory : how serena turned disaster into triumph <sec> serena williams tells cnn how her 2012 season went from disaster to triumph .  the 31-year-old did n't leave the house for two days after first round french open defeat .  williams roared back winning wimbledon , the u.s. open and two olympic golds .  serena says she is in awe of sister venus , who also had health problems in 201 .
 five coastal california hideaways <sec> timber cove inn sits on a solitary rocky point above the pacific .  like to snorkel or kayak ? .  check out two harbors on catalina island .  cass house inn & restaurant has an organic garden and five guestroom .
 civil rights vets : fight not over because obama reaches top <sec> sclc president says king supporters must `` march now more than ever before '' .  andrew young : `` i ca n't think of a nicer birthday present for martin luther king '' .  maya angelou : `` we needed president-elect obama desperately , and he needs us '' .  martin luther king jr. 's sister spends his birthday teaching lesson to childre .
 body found in bunker where suspect holed up <sec> a body with an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound is found .  authorities believe it is the body of peter keller .  keller is suspected of killing his wife and daughter .  his motive for the slayings is unclea .
 arizona education chief moves to ban ethnic studies in tucson schools <sec> a new 2011 arizona law bans ethnic studies programs that `` advocate ethnic solidarity '' .  the tucson school system has been teaching mexican-american studies since 1998 .  arizona 's new superintendent threatens to withhold $ 15m a year from tucson school .
 man arrested in connection with gun used to kill nfl star <sec> police say adrian gilliam told them he sold gun to mcnair 's girlfriend on july 2 .  on july 4 , sahel kazemi shot the quarterback to death , then killed herself .  gilliam had felony convictions in florida from 1993 , police sa .
 world 's best new year 's eve parties <sec> 80,000 hard partiers jam streets of cape town , south africa on january 2 .  12 icelandic bonfires dot reykjavík and bars open a little after midnight .  rio de janeiro , brazil , offers all-night whirlwind of beach dancing , live concerts .  vegas has tribute-palooza : bands imitate u2 , kiss , elton john and other .
 jagger urges leaders to 'plant a pledge ' to plug emissions gap <sec> environmental campaigner bianca jagger throws weight behind initiative to restore barren land to life .  leading environmental group , iucn enlists jagger to promote plant a pledge campaign in support of bonn challenge .  iucn receive commitment from u.s. government at rio+20 to restore 15 million hectares of forest .  jagger concerned that there are `` no promises in sight '' after kyoto protocol expires in december 201 .
 terror suspect faces death penalty in indonesia <sec> bashir is suspected of helping build a terror cell and military camp .  his lawyer says the charges are `` fabricated '' .  bashir was first detained in augus .
 woman accused of hiring hit man to kill random fur-wearer <sec> meredith lowell is accused of contacting a hit man to kill a random fur-wearer .  she allegedly requested the murder take place at a local library and that she be present .  she said that the target should be at least 12 years old , but `` preferably 14 years or older '' .  her attorney could not be immediately reached for commen .
 why north korea probably wo n't change after u.n. report <sec> the united nations report on harrowing conditions in north korea is unlikely to change much .  china and its desire to avoid a flood of refugees is a major roadblock , experts say .  an 'arab spring'-like event is unlikely because of regime 's stranglehold on dissen .
 u.s. soldier gets 2 years on child porn charges <sec> soldier stationed in iraq convicted in court-martial .  private solicited sexual contact with girl , 12 , military says .  soldier gets two years in military prison , bad-conduct discharg .
 lost in translation : obamacare en español <sec> spanish speakers face extra challenges signing up for obamacare .  technical glitches on spanish site , government mistrust , digital divide to blame .  obama administration hoping for high hispanic enrollment .  hispanic community advocates taking wait and see approach on obamacare succes .
 government criticized as malaria deaths spike in cameroon <sec> hundreds of thousands of people die every year from malaria , who says .  recent rains and floods in northern cameroon created ideal conditions .  mosquitoes spread the disease .  critics say cameroon 's president is n't doing enough to stop the outbrea .
 is google behind mystery barge ? <sec> `` mystery barge '' on san francisco bay may be a google project .  barge holds mysterious four-story structure .  speculation centers on data center , possible marketing center for google glass .  google has not responded to requests for commen .
 chelsea beat arsenal as liverpool 's woes continue <sec> chelsea beat liverpool 2-0 to extend lead in english title race to four points .  goals from didier drogba and alex sink the gunners at stamford bridge .  liverpool slump to shock 2-1 home defeat to blackpool .  manchester city beat newcastle 2-1 at eastlands to move up to secon .
 will motion controls reinvent gaming ? <sec> microsoft and sony are releasing motion-sensing gaming systems this fall .  the wii proved motion controls ' power to extend video games ' mainstream appeal .  despite systems ' high price tags , both companies counting on appeal to casual enthusiast .
 feeding kids ' minds : a moral obligation ? <sec> lack of books is famine robbing african youth of future , nonprofit leader says .  need for schoolbooks is critical in africa , group says .  group says it is common for 10 african students to share one textboo .
 cnnu 's campus correspondents <sec> cnnu 's correspondents come from across the country .  they report on news and trends from their campuses .  here is the cnnu class of 2007-200 .
 russia reportedly launches criminal case against u.s. band <sec> a member of a u.s. rock band wipes the russian flag between his legs .  state-run media report russia 's interior ministry has opened a criminal case .  the band left russia sunday , cnn has learne .
 abid naseer terrorism trial heads to jury <sec> jury deliberations in the abid naseer terrorism case begin after two weeks of testimony .  naseer is accused of supporting al-qaeda and conspiring to bomb a shopping center in englan .
 soldier who apparently shot self , dies , army says <sec> new : shooter died at virginia hospital , army said .  soldier apparently shot herself inside office at fort lee .  she apparently had barricaded herself inside the office , the army said .  fort lee is located south of richmon .
 a photographer 's perilous journey in and out of syria <sec> french-american photographer got into syria through turkey .  he carried equipment seven miles in dark to reach rebel village .  he shot images of the fighting by hiding in rooms in their homes .  he made it out of syria riding on a truck , again in the dark , with fleeing refugee .
 former student arrested in california college shooting that killed 7 <sec> `` a pedestrian came out with a bullet hole , '' one witness recounts .  `` no american mayor wants to see this situation , '' oakland 's mayor says .  the suspect is a former student , but no motive was known monday , police said .  the college offers degrees in theology , music , nursing and asian medicine , its website say .
 review : elizabeth olsen makes a name for herself in 'martha marcy may marlene ' <sec> elizabeth olsen stars in the title role of 'martha marcy may marlene ' .  the audience shares in the confusion with martha , who is haunted by nightmares .  reviewer says it 's a spellbinding portrait of a shattered young woma .
 news agency : russia opposes calls for syrian president to resign <sec> `` we do not support such calls , '' a russian foreign ministry official says .  russia wants the syrian president to have time to implement reforms .  it is encouraged by al-assad 's statement that military operations have stoppe .
 fear mobile technology ? look away now ! <sec> in 2014 , blanket internet coverage will help us stay connected at all times .  shopping , working and socializing will all be impacted by mobile , says miles .  kitchen surfaces will have the ability to charge electronic devices , he says .  wi-fi perimeters will better enable parents to keep track of children , he predict .
 myanmar city forgives but does n't forget sectarian violence <sec> hnin ei phyu 's family fled their home during 2013 violence in meiktila .  the unrest pitted muslims against buddhist majority following shop dispute .  the sectarian unrest exposed myanmar 's ethnic faultlines .  journalist david grunebaum visits the town a year on and finds forgivenes .
 tragedy brings out best , worst of media <sec> howard kurtz says media rightly rushed to report the story of the vast tragedy in newtown .  he says the wrong man was identified as the shooter , and other mistakes were made .  kurtz : story deserves intense reportage , but did media go too far with branding ? .  he says gun control flares up as a topic after these events , but media rarely pushes the issu .
 one of history 's longest flying airliners , the dc-3 nears 80 years old . <sec> hundreds of douglas dc-3 airliners still fly , nearly 80 years after their introduction .  canada 's buffalo airways offers scheduled passenger flights on dc-3s . .  dc-3s opened the door to profitable coast-to-coast airline routes .  nickamed `` gooney birds , '' the dc-3s are known for their rugged landing gear and airframe .
 rally aims to 'reclaim the dream ' <sec> new : sharpton calls beck 's comments a `` motivational speech '' .  civil rights figures march to the site of a planned king memorial .  the rev . .  al sharpton tells `` reclaim the dream '' rally `` this is our day '' .  rally took place as conservatives gathered in an event at the site of the king speec .
 5 reasons your online-chat pals may block you <sec> thanks to online chatting , the internet has provided us with a splendid way to communicate .  being a downer , dull or putting up annoying statuses can put at risk of being blocked .  americans spend about 160 million hours per month instant messagin .
 rare-disease patients priced out of drugs market <sec> more than 6,000 known rare diseases worldwide .  30 million europeans have a rare disease at some point in their lives .  small number of patients per disease means pharmaceuticals pay little notice .  eu resolution to be passed in june calls for national plans on rare disease .
 fitter , faster but olympic legend says beijing gold unlikely <sec> marathon runner haile gebrselassie is one of ethopia 's most celebrated athletes .  he 's aiming to break the world marathon record he set in berlin in 2007 this year .  he 's contesting the 10,000 meters in beijing olympics but does n't expect to win .  gebrselassie : `` if i won bronze , fine . .  even if i do n't compete , i do n't mind .
 death row female inmate denied high court review <sec> defense argued alleged disabilities should disqualify brandy holmes from execution .  justices cite no reason in rejecting appeal of louisiana death row inmate .  holmes and a co-defendant were convicted in the 2003 killing of a retired minister .  holmes ' attorneys says she functions like a 10- to 12-year-ol .
 'sexting ' lands teen on sex offender list <sec> phillip alpert , now a registered sex offender , sent pictures of his 16-year-old girlfriend .  marissa miller was 12 when she took cell phone photos of herself in a bra .  her mother , maryjo , is suing the da to prevent him from filing charges .  jessica logan committed suicide after her nude photo was sent to several teen .
 poaching stinks ... and now dogs are sniffing it out <sec> gabon has launched a dog unit to fight poaching .  two dogs are sweeping pinch points , sniffing vehicles , cargo and luggage .  they are trained to detect ivory and other endangered species .  there are plans to expand the dog unit in the futur .
 israeli think tank simulates aftermath of 'successful ' strike on iran nuke facilities <sec> the think tank has close links to israel 's government and military .  the `` war game '' simulated reaction to an israeli strike on iran after u.s. elections .  the think tank says its scenario developed `` in the direction of containment and restraint .
 state radio : cyprus officials resign after naval base blast kills 12 <sec> new : the nation 's defense minister and national guard chief resign , state radio says .  new : about 50 people are wounded in the blast , the station says .  new : greece sends military experts and a c-27 aircraft to help investigators .  a grass fire causes crates of munitions to catch fire , state radio say .
 scores dead as car bombs rock baghdad <sec> four car bombs explode in central baghdad , killing nearly 130 and wounding hundreds .  first of the vehicles blew up in southern baghdad 's dora district .  three other car bombs struck at heart of iraqi capital , detonating a few minutes apart .  fifth bomb blows up outside the karkh civil court in western baghdad 's mansour distric .
 coalition deal eludes greek politicians <sec> no coalition formed after greek leftist leader meets with two counterparts .  socialist pasok leader says , `` at this stage there is no solution '' .  syriza leader alexis tsipras has until thursday to come up with a coalitio .
 war games not response to russia , says nato <sec> nato is holding huge war games exercises off the coast of scotland .  alliance says planning started long before russia renewed its status as the alliance 's chief adversary .  but commanding officer says russia 's behavior is an added motivation to do well in these exercise .
 actress ellen page : `` i am gay '' <sec> page is known for her role in the movie `` juno '' .  the canadian star got a standing ovation during the speech .  `` i am tired of hiding , '' page sai .
 bale booed but real madrid return to winning ways <sec> ten man real madrid defeat espanyol 3-0 .  rodriguez , bale and fernandez score for european champions .  bale booed by bernabeu crowd after failing to set ronaldo up for goa .
 livestock producers caught in a capitol crunch <sec> democratic leadership aide : senate unlikely to take up relief bill before five-week recess .  house plans to pass bill thursday , but it differs from version senate has passed .  livestock producers suffering through one of the most severe droughts in decade .
 aborigine protesters burn australian flag outside parliament <sec> new : australian police are investigating the lighting of a fire in an unauthorized place .  the action comes a day after protesters surrounded a building containing the prime minister .  aborigine leaders criticize the protesters ' behavior .  aboriginal people remain disadvantaged socially and economically in australi .
 stunt plane crashes in ohio ; 2 dead <sec> before the crash , an announcer said the wing walker was `` on top of the world '' .  the air show says officials believe two performers were killed .  a stunt plane crashes during the vectren dayton air show .  two people are killed , cnn affiliate whio report .
 supreme serena crushes sharapova to achieve the golden slam <sec> serena williams wins women 's singles title at london olympics .  williams thrashes maria sharapova 6-0 6-1 in final at wimbledon .  williams completes golden slam of foru grand slams and olympic singles gold .  bryan brothers take men 's doubles gold for the united state .
 4 teens badly hurt in attack by brown bears in alaskan wilderness <sec> new : a state police official says the teenagers `` were mauled , very severely '' .  new : 4 are in critical condition after being attacked by brown bears .  they were on the 24th day of a 30-day national outdoor leadership school course .  rescuers used a locator beacon to find them , then flew them for medical treatmen .
 ebola outbreak : get up to speed <sec> new : boston patient does not have ebola , hospital says .  nina pham , dallas nurse who contracted ebola , got a blood transfusion .  a medic with possible ebola symptoms is hospitalized in kansas .  spanish patient 's husband says health minister should resig .
 popular psychologist joyce brothers dies <sec> joyce brothers once told a reporter that she did n't give advice , just facts .  the funeral for brothers , 85 , will be tuesday ; her husband died in 1989 .  brothers first became a national celebrity when she won a game show .  a licensed psychologist , she appeared many times on tv talk show .
 boy hops plane to vegas , apparently alone and without ticket <sec> the tsa says the boy went through security with all other passengers .  a child , apparently without a ticket , boards a flight from minneapolis to las vegas .  mid-flight the delta crew becomes suspicious of the child 's `` circumstances '' .  the 9-year-old is thought to have been at the airport the day before as wel .
