 madrid train bombs : the defendants <sec> verdicts , sentencing in madrid train bomb trials to be delivered wednesday .  all of the 28 defendants are men except for one spanish woman .  among the 28 are 14 moroccans , nine spaniards and two syrians .  charges dropped against one defendant ; seven suspects died in hideout blas .
 supreme court keeps gays in the military policy in place during appeal <sec> obama officials want the policy repealed , but oppose a court ruling to end it .  log cabin republicans want enforcement of `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' suspended .  the policy on gays in the military remains in effect until the appeals process is complete .  a lower court has found the law unconstitutiona .
 courier who led u.s. to osama bin laden 's hideout identified <sec> u.s. officials have said the identity of the courier was established in 2007 .  once the courier was known the u.s. began a path to the house where bin laden lived .  cnn unable to establish whether the courier was at the compound during raid .  bin laden was killed by u.s. forces early monda .
 teenage star julian green cleared to make u.s. debut <sec> julian green cleared to play for u.s. against mexico on april 2 .  the young winger previously played for germany in youth tournaments .  green was born in tampa and plays for bayern munich 's second team .  former brazil striker diego costa recently made his debut for spai .
 phonebloks : the smartphone for the rest of your life <sec> phonebloks concept aims to reduce global e-waste .  the invention will 'click together ' like lego .  global e-waste amounts to between 20 and 50 million tonnes a year .  critics argue that modular phones could increase e-waste rather than reducing i .
 experts warn that detergent capsules are choking , poison threat to kids <sec> in august alone , u.s. poison centers got 734 calls regarding children and detergent gel packs .  u.s. poison hotlines have received 2,950 calls so far this year .  parents are urged to store concentrated detergents out of reach of young children .  if a child has ingested a packet , call your local poison center at 1-800-222-122 .
 nra 's lapierre slams obama administration over gun proposals <sec> the nra 's wayne lapierre delivers pro-gun red meat to political conservatives .  `` keep your advice ; we 'll keep our guns , '' lapierre tells the white house .  `` let them be damned , '' lapierre says of those who scorn opponents of gun control .  proposed tougher gun laws seek to subvert the second amendment , he say .
 hurricane rachel spins off mexican coast <sec> rachel strengthens into a hurricane , centered 460 miles off mexico 's coast .  there are no current coastal warnings , as the storm spins north-northwest .  it 's the 12th hurricane of the northeastern pacific season ; the atlantic has .
 sample the vibrancy of vietnam in ho chi minh city <sec> the city is buzzing with motorbikes , so be quick to get up to speed .  all the sights , smells and color of the city can be found around cho ben thanh .  take a break from the heat and traffic with regular pit stops for delicious local foo .
 schalke score five to stun holders inter milan at san siro <sec> schalke stun inter milan 5-2 in a remarkable champions league quarterfinal .  raul scores his 70th champions league goal to give the visitors a huge advantage .  holders inter have cristian chivu sent off after two yellow cards in second half .  the second leg in gelsenkirchen now appears a formailty for the german sid .
 open that ipad before you buy it <sec> a massachusetts woman says an ipad she bought from walmart was fake .  a rash of similar cases have been reported in the past six months .  walmart is aware of the problem and is working to address it .  advice : open the box in the store and check the serial number on the box as wel .
 iraq 's oil surplus fuels criticism in war hearings <sec> pentagon : rising oil prices result in a $ 6.4 billion surplus for the iraqi government .  the iraq war 's cost to u.s. taxpayers is estimated at more than $ 600 billion .  lawmaker proposes iraq should pay the cost of stationing u.s. troops .  ambassador : `` the era of u.s.-funded major infrastructure projects is over .
 'la dolce vita ' actress dies in italy <sec> swedish-born actress anita ekberg died sunday in italy , her adopted home .  she often said that `` la dolce vita '' director federico fellini owed his success to he .
 kansas hoops star plays for little sister , in memory of late mother <sec> thomas robinson 's mother died in january 2011 , just weeks after her parents passed .  robinson found support in his kansas jayhawks teammates .  his young half-sister lives with her father , but he 'd like to gain custody .  robinson should be a top pick in the nba draf .
 the hypocrisy of america 's cuba policy <sec> roland martin notes cuba has come up as issue in florida gop primary race .  the candidates have looked silly defending america 's failed cuba policy , he says .  martin says only ron paul has the right idea about cub .
 opinion : how obama has weaponized wit <sec> dean obeidallah says obama uses jokes like many comedians do : as weapons .  he says presidents often make self-deprecating jokes , but obama 's can be barbed , too .  he says obama has aimed at trump , romney , damon like a comic leveling a heckler .  obeidallah : style draws from jon stewart , which educates , eviscerate .
 ryan giggs off to winning start as manchester united thrash norwich <sec> manchester united defeat norwich city 4-0 in ryan giggs ' first game in charge .  wayne rooney and juan mata both scored two goals each .  norwich are now a point above the relegation zone with two games to pla .
 ski star maze receives death threat <sec> slovenia 's tina maze confirms she received death threat .  the 29-year-old has had police security around her increased .  maze the first person to have eclipsed hermann maier 's record .  austria 's anna fenninger wins sunday 's super- .
 illinois man killed by cyanide poisoning after striking it rich in lottery <sec> urooj khan , 46 , won $ 1 million before taxes on an illinois lottery scratch ticket .  he died suddenly weeks later ; authorities first ruled his death `` natural '' .  revisiting the case , they found he died of `` cyanide toxicity , '' a medical examiner says .  chicago police are investigating , but have n't made any arrest .
 oregon high school shooting : 'this is not a drill ' <sec> a teacher initiated the school lockdown , despite being injured , an official says .  the student killed is identified as 14-year-old emilio hoffman , a freshman .  the shooter was a student at the school , law enforcement sources say .  the gunman appears to have died from a self-inflicted wound , the sources ad .
 prosecutor : speed not important in michael schumacher ski accident <sec> new : investigator : schumacher was traveling at `` a normal speed for an experienced skier '' .  prosecutor says `` speed is not a particularly important element '' in inquiry into accident .  schumacher 's skis were not faulty , lead prosecutor patrick quincy says .  investigators are studying footage from the racing driver 's helmet camera for more clue .
 kerry-lavrov effort called 'first hopeful news ' on syria in a while <sec> activist says hezbollah fighters shot and killed civilians fleeing town .  in other fighting , a jihadist leader was injured .  lavrov and kerry say they will seek to convene a conference .  brahimi calls their statements `` a significant step forward .
 49ers release ray mcdonald amid sex assault allegations <sec> ray mcdonald has `` demonstrated a pattern of poor decision-making , '' says team 's gm .  a search warrant is served at the home of defensive end .  mcdonald has not been charged , and no arrest has been made .  the nfl recently updated its personal conduct policy after high-profile incident .
 mclaren unveil new car for 2011 season <sec> mclaren mercedes unveil their car for the 2011 formula one season .  english drivers jenson button and lewis hamilton showcase mp4-26 in berlin .  the new car has a raft of innovative features to help with the aerodynamics .  formula one season begins in bahrain on march 1 .
 ailing nigerian leader returns home <sec> unclear whether umaru musa yar'adua will resume duties .  yar'adua has been treated for inflammation of tissue around the heart .  his three month absence created a power vacuum in nigeri .
 james murdoch like 'mafia boss , ' says lawmaker <sec> news international chief rejects claims his company behaved like mafia organization .  james murdoch grilled again by committee of parliament over phone-hacking .  murdoch accused two ex-news of the world executives of misleading lawmakers .  newspaper allegedly intercepted phone calls and messages of almost 5,800 individual .
 review : 'capt . phillips ' a suspensefully spiky thriller <sec> tom hanks tackles the starring role in `` capt . .  phillips '' .  the film was directed by paul greengrass .  critic gives it a grade of b .
 holders south africa scrape past wales in opener <sec> south africa begin their rugby world cup defense with a 17-16 win over wales .  the sprinboks scrape pool d victory despite fielding 11 of their 2007 winning side .  there are also opening victories for both australia and ireland in pool .
 suspect in historic mass murder dies at 88 <sec> howard unruh accused of killing more than a dozen people in new jersey in 1949 .  courts ruled that wwii veteran was not competent to stand trial .  witnesses and survivors of shooting recount day 's horror , aftereffects .  unruh was considered first single-episode mass murderer in u.s. histor .
 was the shell oil hoax ethical ? <sec> greenpeace , yes men stage hoax about shell oil company using fake website and video .  paul wolpe : welcome to the golden age of culture jamming .  he says line between legitimate protest and misrepresentation is ethically questionable .  wolpe : a culture jamming war online would do no one any goo .
 lgbt rights : the patchwork states of america <sec> laws impacting lgbt differ in 51 different ways .  `` we are living in this era of two americas , '' a human rights campaign official said .  four states have all made decisions on lgbt issues in the past wee .
 anonymous declares 'cyberwar ' on israel <sec> israel says its government websites have been hit by 44 million attacks .  the hacker collective anonymous claims some responsibility .  the group says it has posted e-mail addresses online .  cyberattacks are the third front in the conflict between israel and gaza , israeli official say .
 supreme court should act on gay marriage ( opinion ) <sec> this week the supreme court turned down all pending gay marriage cases .  donna brazile : it seems like the justices are more concerned about politics .  she says guaranteeing the right to marriage , a fundamental constitutional right , is critical .  brazile : those who live in states that do n't approve of gay marriage deserve justic .
 four tons of african ivory caught in hong kong <sec> hong kong customs authorities seize about four tons ivory .  ivory ornaments and tusks came in two shipping containers from africa .  investigators also worked with guangdong authorities in chin .
 social support can be a lifeline during health crisis <sec> during health crisis , social support can help a person live better , maybe longer .  support via caringbridge helped ken gehle get through cancer treatment .  caringbridge lets patients create web site , post updates and receive message .
 bus rolls down gorge in kashmir ; at least 20 dead <sec> the bus skidded off the jammu-srinagar highway .  army helicopters are used to take the injured to hospitals , police say .  poor road conditions , overloading and speeding make accidents common in the regio .
 and the world 's top island for vacationers is ... <sec> providenciales in the turks and caicos is the top tripadvisor travelers ' choice award winner for islands .  maui ranks first on the top 10 islands list for the united state .
 5 things to watch for at the world cup this weekend <sec> the u.s. gets a break , but there are some magical matches coming this weekend .  first up , team brazil , the beauty in the `` beautiful game '' .  mexico plays dogged defense against this year 's highest scorers from the netherlands .  looking to score with the right match ? .  dating apps go ape at brazil world cu .
 more than 1,200 at edwards funeral ; protest fizzles <sec> edwards eulogized by her daughter , friends .  edwards remembered for her love of christmas , competitive nature .  protest by controversial church fizzles .  edwards will be buried next to her son wade ; four of his childhood friends are pallbearer .
 a profile of woman challenging university of texas affirmative action <sec> new : high court rules on case involving abigail noel fisher 's suit against university of texas .  the lawsuit provides a look at her high school record and accomplishments .  she says she 'd dreamed of attending university 's flagship austin campus since childhood .  she went to louisiana state university instea .
 federer fined for u.s. open final outburst <sec> roger federer fined $ 1,500 for his argument with umpire in u.s. open final .  federer confronted jake garner in row over challenges by juan martin del potro .  del potro went on to win his first grand slam in five-set thriller in new yor .
 haiti wreck is n't columbus ' ship santa maria , u.n. says <sec> u.n. experts say a wreck found off haiti is not that of the long-lost santa maria .  an american explorer said in may he believed he 'd found christopher columbus ' flagship .  but unesco says that bronze or copper fasteners at the site indicate it was a later wreck .  the santa maria foundered in 1492 as columbus made his first voyage to the america .
 frankel trainer henry cecil dies after cancer battle <sec> british horse trainer henry cecil dies aged 70 .  cecil trained unbeaten `` wonder horse '' frankel .  the 10-time champion trainer had fought a long battle with cance .
 opinion : stabbing echoes other school rampages <sec> katherine newman has studied school rampages , says stabbing attack has echoes of them .  she says they tend to happen in `` safe '' rural towns and suspects first mislabeled as loners .  she says attackers often are `` failed joiners '' who seek acceptance in actions .  newman : it 's small comfort for pennsylvania town that attacker used knives instead of gun .
 report : shoe thrown at iran 's president rouhani <sec> a protester throws a shoe toward iranian president hassan rouhani , media report .  the incident occurred at tehran 's airport as rouhani returned from new york .  rouhani and u.s. president barack obama had groundbreaking conversation frida .
 proof of ancient malaysian civilization found <sec> researchers uncover evidence of malaysian iron industry dating to 3rd century .  proves ancient civilizations in southeast asia more advanced than thought .  discovery was made after a month of excavation at lembah bujan .
 ecuador , uk officials meet over assange case <sec> ecuadorian foreign minister : `` we still do not see , of course , an immediate solution '' .  the british foreign secretary says his country is obliged to extradite assange to sweden .  ecuador 's foreign minister says assange should not be extradited .  both diplomats agree to meet again to discuss the issu .
 reporters emerge from shadows as myanmar loosens grip on press <sec> one editor was nervous about a story landing the newspaper in trouble , but nothing happened .  free press is one of the `` most important reforms in the long run , '' an expert says of myanmar .  journalists trained to operate clandestinely make the transition to reporting openly .  buddhist-muslim violence could undermine the broad reforms , an expert say .
 taking it to the streets : protest marches mark the mlk day holiday <sec> many marches mark king day across the country .  demonstrators target roadways , bridges and subway station .
 barcelona 's 'tiki-taka ' reign at an end ? <sec> pedro scores hat-trick as barcelona 's 100 % la liga run continues .  cesc fabregas also scores in saturday 's 4-0 victory over rayo vallecano .  struggling home team edges possession to end barca 's long-running stat .  gerardo martino 's team top on goal difference from atletico madri .
 mushroom hunter finds chanterelle bounty <sec> the author discovered the passion and risk of picking mushrooms as a child .  mushrooms are something she has carried with her into adulthood .  living in vermont , she can grow , pick and cook with mushroom .
 report : syrian army stretched amid uprising <sec> report raises the specter of an `` increasingly armed '' opposition .  the army is a largely conscript force led by alawite officers .  sabotage and border control are other big concern .
 attacks kill 16 across iraq as sectarian tensions grow <sec> attacks across iraq target shiites just days before a religious celebration .  the victims include shia pilgrims traveling to shrines .  outside baghdad , seven people are killed when houses are bombe .
 china local authority debt 'out of control ' <sec> a senior chinese auditor has warned that local government debt is `` out of control '' .  zhang ke said could spark a bigger financial crisis than the us housing market crash .  his accounting firm , shinewing , had all but stopped signing off on bond sales by local governments .  it is rare for a figure as established as mr zhang to issue such a stark warnin .
 tokyo 2020 : what is the true cost of hosting the olympic games ? <sec> tokyo will host the olympic games for the second time in 2020 .  the japanese capital previously hosted the summer games in 1964 .  tokyo was awarded the games in 1940 , they were later canceled due to world war ii .  tokyo defeated madrid and istanbul in saturday 's vote in buenos aire .
 split vote offers options to israeli leaders <sec> election result leaves israel more divided than ever .  benjamin netanyahu can look left or right for coalition partners .  his group lost votes to more right-wing parties and a center-left bloc .  whoever rules , it is not clear they 'll be able to provide answers to israel 's pressing problem .
 20 years after first gulf war , former pow still surviving <sec> melissa coleman spent 33 days as a prisoner of war during the first gulf war .  now , coleman faces another battle : breast cancer .  coleman : being pow `` helped me keep a positive outlook .
 loughner 's dad feared he was 'out of control , ' neighbor says <sec> the arizona massacre suspect showed `` classic signs of psychosis , '' an expert says .  loughner fled the house saturday morning after his father confronted him , police say .  randy loughner complained his son was `` out of control , '' a neighbor says .  `` he would sit at his desk with that grin , clenching his fists , '' a classmate say .
 dumbest question in the universe <sec> miss angola 2011 , leila lopes , was crowned miss universe monday night .  she was asked what physical characteristic she 'd change about herself .  her answer , one heartily applauded , was that she would n't change a thing .  but who decided this was a question worth asking .
 china warns japan on economic fallout of island dispute <sec> chinese official warns island dispute will hurt economic relations with japan .  beijing is tokyo 's largest trading partner , accounting for nearly 20 % of japanese exports .  sales of japanese automobiles are down , despite booming car purchases in china .  control of the disputed islands would allow for commercial rights to the surrounding water .
 nba will still force sale of l.a. clippers , rebuffs sterlings ' offer <sec> new : clippers decline to comment on nba announcement .  nba will proceed with hearing on forced sale on june 3 .  shelly sterling is negotiating with nba about voluntary sale , source says .  donald and shelly sterling agree to sell clippers voluntarily , source say .
 drunken driving video confession : 'i killed a man ' <sec> an ohio man says he killed another man in a drunken driving incident .  matt cordle made the confession on the internet .  he says he wants to take full responsibility .  the victim , vincent canzani , was a veteran and gifted photographe .
 report : teen stowaway was having school troubles , father says <sec> the boy has struggled in school , a man identified as his father says .  allah saved my son , the man tells tells voice of america .  the stowaway was trying to get to his mother in somalia , a source seays .  he traveled from california to hawaii in plane 's landing gear hol .
 australia 's highest court blocks extradition of nazi war crime suspect <sec> australia 's highest court rejected extradition request from hungary for suspected nazi war criminal .  charles zentai allegedly beat jewish teen to death in 1944 for failing to wear star of david .  high court ruled against request because `` war crime '' was not legal offence in hungary in 1944 .  a naturalized australian citizen , zentai has maintained his innocenc .
