 shia labeouf 's silent interview : strange or brilliant ? <sec> shia labeouf conducted a completely silent in-person interview .  in an email exchange , he claims he was sexually assaulted during performance art exhibit .  labeouf : `` the reality of my self lies somewhere between and beyond the two .
 lyon target bayern munich scalp <sec> lyon coach claude puel believes his side can upset bayern in the champions league semifinals . .  french side have never reached last four of europe 's premier competition . .  puel wary of threat posed by franck ribery and arjen robben .
 african apps take on mobile gaming industry <sec> african game developers making mobile games aimed at local market .  games aim to be fun and interactive , but also educational .  burgeoning digital industry creating jobs as more young people go it alone .  start-ups urged to network and promote their content across afric .
 tokyo restaurant dishes up the dirt <sec> ne quittez pas ' special menu features dishes made with dirt .  soil is heated to kill bacteria .  menu is anything but dirt chea .
 fort hood shooter writes to isis leader , asks to join <sec> nidal hasan is on the military 's death row at fort leavenworth .  he wrote a letter to abu bakr al-baghdadi , his attorney says .  in the letter , hasan says it would be an honor to be an `` obedient citizen soldier .
 beyond 'fifty shades ' : sex experts share their favorite books <sec> the blockbuster `` fifty shades of grey '' has sparked widespread interest .  ian kerner asks some of his favorite sex experts to pick their favorite sex books .  kerner says the list is only the beginning of many worth exploring and learning fro .
 agents at polygamist ranch checking 'safety of children ' <sec> new : state child protective services agents interviewing children .  new : no one permitted to enter or leave 1,900-acre texas compound .  ranch home to hundreds of followers of polygamist leader warren jeffs .  jeffs in arizona jail awaiting trial ; sentenced to 10 years in prison last yea .
 australia day 'knightmare ' as foreign phil gets nod <sec> social media storm over australian pm 's decision to knight prince philip .  one of two knighthoods announced on australia day .  tony abbott dismisses social media reaction as `` electronic graffiti .
 british airways , virgin cut fuel surcharge <sec> ba , virgin reduce fuel surcharges by as much as a third on long-haul flights .  ba : cut reflects reduction in oil prices and the airline 's fuel hedging policy .  flights of more than nine hours will cost £30-35 ( $ 46-54 ) les .
 pro-india parties praise kashmir plan ; critics pan it <sec> pro-india parties welcome the 8-point plan to defuse tensions in kashmir .  hard-line separatist leader geelani dismisses the proposal as `` an eyewash '' .  the plan proposes scaling down the number of security forces , compensating victims ' familie .
 youtube marks 10 years by opening new studios <sec> april 23 marks 10 years since first video , `` me at the zoo , '' was uploaded to youtube .  site gets billions of views every day ; 300 hours of uploads every minute .  new studios being opened for budget filmmakers to improve quality of outpu .
 boko haram conducts more deadly raids in nigeria <sec> tweet linked to boko haram promotes a training camp for would-be child soldiers .  amnesty accuses nigeria 's military of ignoring warning ; nigeria disputes allegation .  lawmaker : bodies litter villages in northeast nigeria , thousands more fle .
 cnn exclusive : former austrian captive has advice for cleveland trio <sec> natasha kampusch was held for eight years in an austrian man 's basement .  she escaped and was reunited with her family in august 2006 .  she says the cleveland women should return to normal lives slowly .  kampusch says she had to `` bury hate '' for her abductor , who later committed suicid .
 aol boss fires employee in conference call for taking photo <sec> aol ceo tim armstrong was on a conference call about patch , the local news network .  `` abel -- put that camera down right now . .  abel ! .  you 're fired . .  out ! '' .  he tells an employee .  abel lenz , who was patch 's creative director , later tweeted `` no comment '' .  business insider : aol is slashing the number of patch sites from 900 to 60 .
 commentary : open your minds , america <sec> rudy ruiz : it 's become unfashionable to have an open mind about issues .  he says labels like `` socialism '' and `` fascism '' obscure the real choices .  he says it 's a sign of rationality to be open to the evidence .  ruiz : let 's listen to each other and take into consideration wider range of viewpoint .
 inexpensive ideas for holiday party food <sec> elegant holiday parties can be thrown with affordable food and drink .  champagne is not the only bubbly beverage worthy of commemorating the holidays .  skip rich tartes and souffles for dessert -- ice cream is a festive crowd-please .
 palin and trump up to their old tricks - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sarah palin and donald trump flirt with media with 2016 talk .  no sign of serious campaigns .  but candidates have an incentive to keep their names in the fram .
 disgraced minister quits in wake of sex scandal <sec> malaysia 's health minister resigns role after being caught in secretly-made sex video .  dvd showed chua soi lek performing sexual acts with a woman in a hotel .  chua also stood down from position in malaysian chinese association party .  chua apologized to wife , three children and supporters in a news conferenc .
 hidden tutoring centers provide 'unnatural ' education <sec> 826 national is a network of writing centers tucked behind imaginative storefronts .  a new 826 chapter , 826dc , opened recently in washington .  a new book written by 826 national kids features letters to michelle obam .
 charlie sheen sets new guinness world record for twitter <sec> sheen reached twitter milestone in 25 hours and 17 minutes .  as of this writing , sheen 's twitter account , has more than 1.3 million followers .  this is the second high-profile application of the brand 's records system to social medi .
 china delays green dam internet filter <sec> china extends deadline for internet filtering software to accompany pcs .  international backlash , unreadiness of retailers may be reasons behind the delay .  government says green dam software is designed to block porn .  critics say software can block all non-government sanctioned conten .
 report : more young girls face rape in afghanistan <sec> afghan women 's rights are little better than under taliban , report says .  rights group says girls as young as seven are regularly raped .  united nations calls for better protection for civilian .
 police chief : suspect bought over 6,000 rounds of ammunition through internet <sec> `` it was a pretty rapid pace of fire in that theater , '' the police chief says .  more than 6,000 rounds of ammunition was bought through online purchases , he adds .  ar-15 , glock handgun and shotgun used in deadly movie attack .  expert : shotgun blast across row of theater seats could kill or wound 15 peopl .
 recharged woods defends williams axe <sec> tiger woods has no regrets over the decision to sack caddie steve williams .  woods is preparing to return to golf after nearly three months out with injury .  former world number one plays in the bridgestone invitational on thursday .  woods ' friend bryon bell will be his temporary caddi .
 50 cent seeks revenge in new video game <sec> hip-hop artist 50 cent lends his image and ideas to new video game .  `` blood on the sand '' features former 50 cent hits and exclusive music .  players can pretend to be 50 while blasting bad guys in the middle east .  rapper says he plans to turn `` saints row '' video game into a movi .
 court frees 20 convicted in mexican massacre <sec> mexican high court orders release of 20 convicted in 1997 killings of 45 people .  court rules evidence obtained illegally , defendants denied due process .  unarmed indigenous men , women and children massacred in state of chiapas .  killers thought indian peasants had ties to zapatista army of national liberatio .
 dispersants appear to break up in gulf , epa says <sec> new : 1.5 million gallons of dispersants used in battling spill .  louisiana environmental group calls for end to dispersant use , despite epa findings .  epa says dispersant currently being used is less toxic than others .  agency making no recommendations until more tests conducte .
 doctor : why are we surprised that kids hurt themselves ? <sec> study in pediatrics journal says 8 % of third-graders have purposefully injured themselves .  children are subject to the same powerful emotions as adults , mental healthy expert says .  despite being painful , self-injurious behavior can become highly addictiv .
 congolese fleeing violence pour into uganda <sec> 13,000 congolese have fled into uganda in past two days , u.n. says .  refugees report massacres , atrocities in their villages by rebels .  neighboring uganda now hosts some 150,000 refugees from countries in the regio .
 electric shocks came often at u.s. bases in iraq , report finds <sec> more than 230 shocks reported at u.s. bases in iraq in 23 months , report says .  those facilities were maintained by contractor kbr , federal government says .  at least 18 troops have been electrocuted in iraq since 2003 , pentagon sources say .  senator not impressed with kbr 's findings of no link of its work to shock .
 miss america kirsten haglund opens up about her battle with anorexia <sec> the pressures of trying to be a ballerina led haglund into anorexia nervosa at age 12 .  anorexia frequently occurs during teen years , but it may also develop during childhood .  the kirsten haglund foundation provides financial aid to those seeking treatmen .
 jailed baltimore activist joseph kent released <sec> joseph kent 's attorney says his client was released from jail .  police in baltimore detained kent on live tv after start of curfew .  that triggered a wave of interest on social medi .
 opinion : the right fate for immigrant kids <sec> ruben navarrette : blame game over immigrant kids streaming in from central america is useless .  he says issa blames obama for influx , but he 's got it wrong ; bush law drives policy on kids .  he says obama approach cold , unconstitutional . .  kids need legal help , may face peril if deported .  navarrette : here are 5 things obama should do , starting with treating the children humanel .
 officials : u.s. drone strikes kill suspected militants in yemen <sec> no senior al qaeda leaders die in the attack in a southern province , officials say .  defense ministry : 30 people killed in airstrikes .  unclear whether the fatalities were caused by drone strikes or yemeni force .
 'homeland ' : where will your favorite characters be in season 2 ? <sec> actress morena baccarin : `` season two tops season one , if that is possible '' .  actor david harewood says `` homeland '' `` seeks to not only entertain but also tell the truth '' .  co-creator alex gansa felt that the idea of the returning soldier was missing from tv .  but he feared the wars we 're fighting were too `` removed from the general citizenry .
 opinion : how to get teachers to teach and students to learn <sec> rita pierson : education is beset by fads , but there are some basic truths .  it takes guts to hold students and teachers accountable , she says .  if a child is n't present , he or she ca n't learn ; fire teachers who always fail , she says .  pierson : do n't push every child to go to college or make them feel worthless if they don ' .
 pressing on at war when 'good men ' die <sec> staff sgt . .  david julian was one of five soldiers killed in suicide blast in march .  julian told cnn in september he believed in the iraq mission .  surviving comrades say they think about that fateful day all the time .  soldier : `` they were all good men . .  what happened to them should n't happen . .
 obama , stop trying to appease unfair critics <sec> lz granderson : obama has been challenged on his religion and place of birth .  he says in both cases obama took pains to demonstrate the truth about his background .  now white house has released a photo of president skeet shooting to back up his statements .  lz : trying to appease critics who ignore the facts will never wor .
 rocking out with 'africa 's best new band ' <sec> johannesburg band blk jks are creating a rock sound of their own .  they have just finished a tour of the u.s. and europe .  they say their music has traditional elements and is rooted in `` ancient rhythms .
 oscar pistorius murder trial begins in south africa <sec> first day of trial ends with defense lawyer hammering at witness testimony .  oscar pistorius ' neighbor describes `` bloodcurdling screams '' .  pistorius shot and killed reeva steenkamp at his pretoria home last year .  the double amputee paralympic and olympic sprinter says he mistook her for a burgla .
 only in san diego : 5 quirky things <sec> every city has its own one-of-a-kind offerings .  in san diego , a civic organist puts on free weekly concerts .  a man in a chicken suit has made his mark and surf culture ties in with taco .
 father 's letter claims he killed missing swiss girls , police say <sec> newspaper quoted letter as saying the twins `` have not suffered '' .  police have not explained motive .  the authorities are now searching for the girls in corsic .
 cnn statement on tibet coverage <sec> cnn issues response to criticism of tibet coverage .  network denies bloggers ' allegations of bia .
 social media to curb 'rumors ' in china <sec> sina.com ceo charles chao pledges to curb irresponsible rumors .  chao said sina has been working to set up a `` credibility system '' .  observers fear this is an attempt to tighten the control of the interne .
 nepali hopes claim to be shortest man stands up <sec> chandra bahadur dangi lives in a nepali village .  he hopes to be certified world 's shortest man .  a teetotaler , dangi said he 's never taken medicin .
 georgia parole board hears last-ditch appeal from death-row inmate <sec> new : victim 's family tells parole board about their loss .  troy davis is set to die by lethal injection on wednesday .  the parole board hears he 's not guilty of mark macphail 's murder .  the savannah police officer died after being shot three times in 198 .
 the docket : on justice vs. the law , a bitter pill of reasonable doubt <sec> in recent high profile cases -- zimmerman , anthony , o.j . .  -- verdict did n't always match popular sentiment .  juries were asked to rule on guilt vs. reasonable doubt .  although decisions may be consistent with the law , not guilty verdicts leave some wonderin .
 yao ming foot injury could 'end career ' <sec> houston rockets physician says yao ming injury could `` threaten his career '' .  yao fractured his left foot playing for houston against the l.a. lakers in may .  the 28-year-old was flag-bearer for china at the 2008 beijing olympic games .  yao has been perennial all-star selection since he moved to the u.s. in 200 .
 nasa , texas towns mark columbia disaster <sec> nasa marks columbia , challenger and apollo 1 disasters .  columbia broke up on re-entry on february 1 , 2003 .  texas towns joined the search for the wreckage .  commander 's widow : `` i do n't think that pain ever completely goes away .
 stylish cool in scandinavia 's floating city <sec> from artfully designed cafes to baroque buildings , stockholm exudes cool .  the island city has dubbed itself the capital city of scandinavia .  city blossoms in the summer when temperatures rise and sun barely sets .  influx of immigrants has added new dimension to city 's gastronomic scen .
 a $ 2.95 lesson for wall street <sec> bob greene : wall street is being accused of shady business practices .  greene : book dealer demonstrates how a business can care for customers .  greene says the dealer sent an unsolicited refund when there was really no need to do so .  book dealer says he wants customers to be happy and to believe he 's fai .
 real madrid agree deal for werder 's ozil <sec> germany midfielder mesut ozil poised to join real madrid after deal is agreed .  he will leave werder bremen subject to a medical following two years at bundesliga side .  the 21-year-old impressed as germany finished third at the 2010 world cup .  he joins international teammate sami khedira in moving to the santiago bernabe .
 u.s. announces sanctions on north korean corporation <sec> u.s. : hyoksin linked to corporation associated with weapons of mass destruction .  order freezes hyoksin 's u.s. assets , prohibits americans from dealing with company .  u.n. recently cited hyoksin for involvement in weapons of mass destructio .
 air algerie crash : 2nd 'black box ' found in mali <sec> french president hollande declares three days of mourning for victims .  the second flight data recorder has been found , a u.n. spokeswoman says .  air algerie flight 5017 crashed early thursday , less than an hour after takeoff .  more than 100 people were on board ; none survived the cras .
 europe 's version of 'american idol ' a joke <sec> timothy stanley : eurovision is campy , unserious and this year has taken on more controversy .  he says host azerbaijan has squelched pro-democracy protests , made bad pr .  he says azerbaijan not even in europe , contest marred by politics , skews to eastern bloc .  stanley : contest also reflects polarization of europ .
 pussy riot and russia 's surreal 'justice ' <sec> rachel denber : no on should lose liberty for dancing on an altar to make a political statement .  she says guilty verdict on pussy riot shows russia 's unfair justice system , oppressive state .  she says : modern russia slippery on human rights ; other nations mistakenly give it a pass .  denber : verdict is tip of iceberg of russia oppression ; world community must speak ou .
 egyptian opposition united in anger over morsy 's new powers <sec> new : judges will meet monday to decide whether to go on strike , a judge says .  new : 210 protesters are arrested , including 44 juveniles , state tv reports .  mohamed elbaradei says mohamed morsy now has more power than mubarak ever had .  president morsy says his actions are aimed at fostering `` political and social stability .
 cnn student news - august 14 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 lebanese women take on muslim judges who call rape a 'marital right ' <sec> a law to protect women from domestic violence in lebanon has stalled in parliament .  it is opposed by religious groups which claim it will erode the power of religious courts .  feminist groups are protesting the delay , saying women have few legal protections in lebanon .  one judge from a sunni religious court told cnn marital rape was a husband 's `` right .
 bones , id found near fossett crash site <sec> `` we possibly , most likely , found the remains of j. stephen fossett , '' sheriff says .  bones , license with fossett 's name found near plane-crash site in eastern california .  dna test to determine whether bones are fossett 's , sheriff says .  adventurer disappeared after 2007 solo fligh .
 congress approves scaled-back sandy aid bill <sec> new : senate approves bill following house passage .  extra funding in original sandy bill included money for fisheries .  congress will consider more help for sandy victims later this month .  sandy victims need help from debt-ridden government insurance progra .
 philippine official : rebellion charges to be laid <sec> new : charges of rebellion will be leveled against many of those arrested during martial law .  legality of martial law declaration , allowing arrests without warrants , is challenged .  searchers make arrests , recover arms from a clan implicated in massacre .  martial law follows killings of 57 last week in maguindanao provinc .
 four players suspended in nfl bounty scandal <sec> new : the nfl players association challenges the suspensions .  two of the suspended players are now with different teams .  the suspensions are the latest by the nfl in the scandal over bounties .  the league previously suspended a coach and a former defensive coordinato .
 political newcomers face high costs and difficult odds <sec> in 2010 , the average winning house candidate spent about 70 % more than a decade ago .  the average price for winning a senate seat was nearly $ 10 million .  one first-time candidate says he spends at least 75 % of his days trying to raise mone .
