 geminid meteor shower to light up the weekend sky <sec> the geminid meteor shower will be most visible in the night sky over the weekend .  geminids are debris from an extinct comet called 3200 phaethon .  the meteor shower can be seen more easily from a dark area , away from city light .
 russo brothers to direct 'avengers : infinity war ' <sec> joss whedon stepping aside as director for upcoming `` avengers '' sequels .  `` captain america '' sequel directors the russo brothers will take the reins of `` avengers : infinity war '' .  sequels will be released in two part .
 cnn poll : public against syria strike resolution - cnnpolitics.com <sec> 7 in 10 poll respondents say they do n't think a strike on syria would achieve u.s. goals .  poll comes at beginning of a pivotal week for president obama .  the president has had at least a small majority behind him in recent conflicts .  about eight in 10 believe al-assad regime is or is likely behind chemical weapons attac .
 cystic fibrosis does n't have to define you <sec> an estimated 70,000 people worldwide have cystic fibrosis .  disease causes mucus to clog the lungs , making it very difficult to breathe .  gunnar esiason was diagnosed with cf when he was 2 .  now 23 , he says the disease has taught him to be resilien .
 lg unveils world 's first 3-d smartphone <sec> lg 's optimus 3d can show 3-d images without the need for special glasses .  the smartphone can also shoot pictures and video in 3-d using a pair of cameras .  optimus 3d runs google 's android software and was unveiled at a tech show in spai .
 suspect in afghan killings flown to kuwait <sec> new : the suspect in the afghan killings has been flown to kuwait , a defense official said .  obama vows to avoid a `` steep cliff '' when afghans take full responsibility in 2014 .  cameron : we are in the `` final phases '' of the military mission .  an afghan suffered severe burns in an incident , as panetta arrive .
 report : va misled congress and media <sec> a new report says the department of veterans affairs misled congress and the public .  the va 's office of inspector general highlights multiple errors in the department 's previously reported findings .  rep. jeff miller , r-florida , the committee chairman , said the mistakes are either intentionally deceitful or grossly incompeten .
 deborra-lee furness : fight the global orphan crisis <sec> furness : number of children globally who have lost both parents nearly equals population of australia .  while vulnerable to corruption , the problems of overseas adoption should be solved , not shuttered .  governments like russia have used international adoption as a political chess piece with the u.s . .  furness established adoption awareness week australia to shed light on the orphan pligh .
 syrian refugees in lebanon face polio threat <sec> who says 17 cases of polio have been found in syria in recent months .  experts now fear the disease will spread over the country 's borders into refugee camps .  medics are carrying out a mass immunization campaign across the region , including lebanon .  polio is highly contagious and potentially deadly ; it can cause paralysi .
 following in lawrence of arabia 's footsteps in jordanian desert <sec> many of the key scenes in david lean 's epic 1962 film `` lawrence of arabia '' were filmed in jordan .  the film celebrates its 50th anniversary this month .  `` the seven pillars of wisdom , '' lawrence 's account of his wartime experiences in the region form the basis for the film .  many of the locations described in the book and captured in the film are preserved for visitors toda .
 uefa super cup : ronaldo stars for new-look real madrid <sec> two goals from cristiano ronaldo help real madrid claim the uefa super cup title .  real beat fellow spanish side sevilla 2-0 in the welsh capital cardiff .  new signings james rodriguez and toni kroos on show for european champions .  hometown favorite gareth bale turns in fine display on return to cardif .
 longtime political journalist jack germond dies <sec> germond 's wife says he died peacefully wednesday .  the legendary reporter covered politics for more than 50 years .  among his books was `` fat man fed up .
 ireporter inches closer to six-pack abs <sec> jason dinant , an ireporter , has met two-thirds of his goal for six-pack abs .  dinant getting in shape for high school reunion and gay pride parade .  fitness trainer advises using more difficult exercises if body plateau .
 erykah badu upset over flaming lips video <sec> erykah badu posted a lengthy tweet chastising wayne coyne for the nsfw collaboration video .  `` the first time ever i saw your face '' went viral on june 1 .  badu fans were outraged by the nsfw vide .
 first lady to announce replacement for food pyramid <sec> the new icon will be announced thursday morning .  the move is part of first lady michelle obama 's push to fight childhood obesity .  the new icon will be `` an easy-to-understand visual cue to help consumers , '' officials sa .
 why we 'stand up to cancer ' <sec> `` stand up to cancer '' fundraiser will be on tv friday at 8 p.m . .  et .  organization , backed by entertainment industry , funds research .  eric stonestreet says his family has been touched by cancer , as have so many others .  stonestreet : let 's make cancer a thing of the pas .
 ebola drugs are in the works <sec> scientists are using an experimental drug , brincidofovir , on two ebola patients .  zmapp showed promise in patients , but there are no doses left .  several vaccines are in trials .  thai doctors believe they 've found a new antibody , but it has not been teste .
 lampard goal secures england win over world champions spain <sec> england beat spain 1-0 in a friendly international at wembley .  stand-in captain frank lampard scores only goal in second half .  england securing first victory in 10 years over world champions .  gareth bale scores as wales beat norway 4-1 in cardif .
 jets-patriots game fight : four people charged with simple assault <sec> two women , two men charged with simple assault , disorderly conduct , police say .  four accused of fighting at sunday game at metlife stadium .  three were in patriots ' colors , one in a jets jersey , video from incident show .
 mlb eyes u.s.-cuba opening <sec> mlb is `` closely monitoring '' washington 's plans to normalize diplomatic relations with havana .  but do n't expect an immediate influx of cuban talent in the big leagues .  when 2014 season opened , 19 players who were born in cuba were on roster .
 ebola czar 'may make sense , ' president obama says <sec> tom frieden of the cdc and lisa monaco of homeland security have led effort so far .  president barack obama says flu season and isis will also demand their attention .  `` it may make sense for us to have one person '' coordinating effort , obama says .  obama has no `` philosophical objection '' to west africa travel ban , but is n't leaning that wa .
 neil patrick harris reportedly to host variety show <sec> neil patrick harris to do nbc variety show , report says .  program will be a u.s. version of uk 's `` saturday night takeaway '' .  harris has long been recognized for his multifaceted talent .
 severe storms possible friday in ohio valley , portions of south <sec> storms are forecast for friday afternoon from illinois to louisiana .  `` the wind was just immense , '' survivor recounts from wednesday storms .  harrisburg , illinois , is among the hardest hit by earlier storms , with at least six deaths .  13 killed in storms across kansas , missouri , illinois and tennesse .
 gina carano gets physical with hollywood 's hottest guys <sec> `` i got to be physical with some of the hottest guys in hollywood , '' gina carano said .  ewan mcgregor , for his part , said he also emerged `` sore '' from his scenes with carano .  carano has officially retired from mma but says she has n't ruled out a retur .
 lawyer : soldier says he 's innocent of attempted espionage <sec> spc . .  william colton millay faces charges including communicating military information .  his lawyer says millay told him he is not guilty .  soldier believed he was giving info to `` a foreign intelligence agent , '' military says .  the 22-year-old kentucky native enlisted in the u.s. army in 200 .
 xi and abe break the ice , but thaw unlikely <sec> chinese president xi jinping held talks with japanese prime minister shinzo abe .  their meeting was frosty but it was progress , says jeff kingston .  relations have been severely strained between the two countries in recent years .  at the heart of the tensions is a bitter territorial disput .
 a mother 's grief : 'my daughter 's in the water ' <sec> kim convinced her daughter to make the trip .  `` all of this happened because of me , '' she says .  parents are holding vigil in a harbor .  many are angry that officials are n't doing enoug .
 toxicology results show no alcohol found in mary kennedy 's system <sec> three anti-depressants are found in her system at the time of her suicide .  kennedy was found dead may 16 .  the cause of death was ruled asphyxiation due to hangin .
 asian neighbors react to north korean rocket launch <sec> china state media labeled japanese plans against the launch as a `` pretext '' to contain beijing .  south korea and japanese governments strongly condemned the north korean rocket launch .  some critics in japan questioned why it took tokyo so long to officially react to the launc .
 barrage of rockets from gaza strike israel ; sites in gaza targeted <sec> new : an 8th victim from thursday 's attacks was identified .  new : idf spokesman says more than 100 rockets have been fired into israel since thursday .  new : israel has targeted 15 sites and intercepted around 13 rockets .  new : the palestinian government calls on israel to end `` rogue behavior .
 review of clinton emails not aimed at wrongdoing - cnnpolitics.com <sec> clinton 's use of private email was never hidden from anyone .  experts have said it does n't appear clinton violated federal law .
 search for missing second-grader enters 5th day <sec> police not ready to call disappearance a criminal investigation .  kyron horman 's parents to release statement wednesday .  7-year-old was last seen headed to class .  police pursuing tips , mostly from oregon and washingto .
 europe 's 10 hottest destinations for 2013 <sec> corsica is set to host part of the tour de france for the first time in 2013 .  the rijksmuseum in amsterdam is reopening in april after a 10-year renovation .  berlin is set to open a handful of luxury hotels .  istanbul will host the inaugural edition of art istanbul internationa .
 are women wired for war ? <sec> evan thomas was asked , `` what is it about testosterone that gets us into war ? '' .  he says women brave , prudent ; historically , men , like teddy roosevelt , eager for combat .  women can make war ( thatcher , meir ) but lack men 's macho urge to test themselves .  thomas : women tend to have have less need to show of .
 pilot breakdown draws attention to mental health standards <sec> jetblue : pilot incident a `` medical situation '' .  doctor : erratic behavior points to possible psychological distress .  faa requires medical evaluation , including psychological assessment .  pilots : some do not report depression treatment , fearing for their job .
 gavin degraw 's nashville top five <sec> singer/songwriter gavin degraw is a nashville resident .  he offers visitors five ideas for a classic music city experience .  robert 's western world and tootsies are his favorite honky tonk .
 opinion : ted cruz vs. rand paul : a gop road to nowhere <sec> sen. rand paul takes verbal shot at his potential 2016 rival ted cruz .  julian zelizer says if gop faces a choice between the two for nomination , watch out .  he says many voters wo n't back party that 's extreme , obstructionist or libertarian .  zelizer : republicans hurt by chris christie 's woes , have to hope for jeb bush to ru .
 should blackberry owners power down ? <sec> executives constantly using their blackberry are less productive says study .  stress levels heightened by overuse , which also feed feelings of dependency .  psychologist advises to respond to email in batches and limit use to 12 hours dail .
 shane kuhn 's 'intern 's handbook ' makes apprentice into assassin <sec> shane kuhn 's darkly comic thriller , `` the intern 's handbook , '' debuted this month .  in the book , a law firm intern is a hired hit man , infiltrating top-level companies .  kuhn : `` an intern is basically someone who is hiding in plain sight . .  ... .  they do everything .
 maryland to cut coach bonuses if players do n't graduate <sec> at four state universities in maryland , bonuses for coaches will be on the line .  they 'll lose their bonuses if fewer than half of their team players are on track to graduate .  board of regents member : `` oversight is the name of the game .
 officials : senior pakistani taliban leader killed in strike in afghanistan <sec> new : pakistani taliban official confirms airstrike .  a senior pakistani taliban leader was killed in a nato airstrike in afghanistan , officials say .  maulawi dadullah was killed in a strike in the kunar province , officials say .  the airstrike also killed dadullah 's deputy , isaf officials sa .
 montella replaces ranieri at roma <sec> roma appoint vincenzo montella as their new coach to replace claudio ranieri .  montella played for roma for 10 years and joined the coaching staff in 2009 .  real sociedad beat mallorca 1-0 in spain thanks to a raul tamudo goal .  west ham thrash burnley 5-1 to reach the english fa cup quarterfinal .
 new french government announced <sec> france announces new ministers .  the government dissolved monday amid political turmoil .  the economic minister who was blamed for the upheaval was replace .
 solitary confinement : 29 years in a box <sec> about 80,000 people in the u.s. are being held in solitary-type confinement .  new york state agreed to limit solitary confinement for some prisoners .  study showed solitary prisoners had higher likelihood of self-har .
 woman cries foul over brother 's death , calls for investigation <sec> quinten douglas wood , 15 , died on january 4 .  a report lists his cause of death as acute pneumonia ; the manner of death was ruled natural .  despite the report , the boy 's sister says she has questions , and she 's not alone .  dhs and the oklahoma city police department are investigating quinten 's deat .
 why violence will not derail iraq 's oil production <sec> the violence in iraq is a reminder the country is far from stable , but oil production is set to rise this year .  its forecasts have previously been ratcheted down and more realistic targets set .  deputy pm hussain al-shahristani said new fields would add to production .  thawing relations between tehran and washington could assist in thi .
 record stock dip triggers violent protests in bangladesh <sec> dramatic drop in dgen index prompts protests .  protesters say market being manipulated by large investors .  index fell 9.25 % with an hour of opening monda .
 government shutdown : 5 examples of citizens , charities filling void <sec> a man carrying the south carolina flag mows the lawn at lincoln memorial .  a food bank feeds hungry furloughed workers at grand canyon national park .  an east coast grocery chain distributes 100,000 gift cards worth $ 5 each .  it takes a billionaire couple to keep head start open for low-income toddlers in six state .
 shot pakistani schoolgirl can stand , communicate , hospital says <sec> new : hospital releases first photographs of malala since she was admitted for treatment .  malala understands where she is and wants to thank people for their support , hospital says .  malala is communicating through written notes ; she ca n't talk because of a tracheotomy tube .  she was shot after she defied the taliban by insisting on girls ' right to educatio .
 israel , egypt discuss hamas clashes <sec> israeli foreign minister tzipi livni , egyptian president hosni mubarak hold talks .  meeting follows end of cease-fire between israel and hamas militants in gaza .  israel : hamas militants fired 65-plus rockets into southern israel on wednesday .  israeli prime minister has threatened to respond to ongoing attack .
 family convicted in canada 'honor murders ' <sec> new : the defendants were sentenced to life in prison following the verdict .  shafia family guilty of ontario `` honor murders '' .  three sisters and shafia 's first wife were found dead in a car that plunged into a canal .  investigators : wiretapped conversations reveal a premeditated pla .
 france sink to all-time rankings low <sec> france slide six place to lowest-ever 27th in latest fifa world rankings .  the french were knocked out of world cup in group stage and lost first euro 2012 qualifier .  germany have moved up to third and england have moved up to sixth in tabl .
 hello kitty turns 40 , draws 25,000 fans to first 'hello kitty con ' <sec> hello kitty owner sanrio sells 25,000 tickets to first 'hello kitty con ' .  a fan travels from peru to los angeles because `` she 's my friend , my companion '' .  even singer katy perry shows up to get a hello kitty tattoo on her finger .  sanrio wants to sell more tickets but `` the fire marshal gave us the no , no ! .
 both palestinians and israelis celebrate prisoner swap <sec> in israeli soldier 's hometown , residents wave flags , dance , cheer his return .  in gaza , thousands cheer the return of palestinian prisoners .  some say the exchange will help the peace process .  others worry it will lead to more violenc .
 can rugby help unite south africa again ? <sec> south africa seeking to retain rugby world cup title in new zealand .  springboks ' first triumph in 1995 was a big boost for post-apartheid nation .  its rugby union is battling to make the game more accessible for all races .  rugby is still mainly popular with whites , despite attempts to bring in quota .
 research shows hispanic women get breast cancer treatment late <sec> hispanic women learn of breast cancer at later stages , research shows .  language , cultural barriers and lack of insurance may impede medical care .  other factors include fear of results and difficulty scheduling an appointmen .
 nobel peace prize winner rips fellow laureate over corruption <sec> activist leymah gbowee shared 2011 prize with liberian president ellen johnson sirleaf .  gbowee says johnson sirleaf has failed to to fight corruption and nepotism in liberia .  johnson sirleaf has appointed her sons to lucrative government posts .  gbowee says peace prize winners should be more focused on spreading peac .
 police out in force day after riots at jerusalem holy site <sec> palestinians rioted sunday after israeli police barred muslims from holy site .  police say closure was to prevent violence at site , which is holy to both faiths .  police on alert monday as thousands of jews gather in area for sukkot blessing .  palestinian official warns more violence possible ; israeli soldier stabbed , injure .
 should western nations just pay isis ransom ? ( opinion ) <sec> peter bergen , emily schneider : isis seeking $ 200 million for two japanese hostages ' freedom .  sometimes ransom works , but it can lead to more kidnapping , the writers sa .
 fema 's answer for ny storm victims : put 'em back in their homes <sec> program creates package of fixes to get people back into their homes .  more than 17,000 households remain without power across new york .  that does n't include more than 30,000 who `` are unable to safely receive power '' .  rental vacancies across new york city are less than 5 % . .  hotels are already packe .
 lisicki repeats centre court magic to claim final place against bartoli <sec> sabine lisicki to play marion bartoli in wimbledon singles final .  lisicki won three-set thriller against agnieszka radwanska .  bartoli beat kirsten flipkens 6-1 6-2 in first semifinal on centre court .  women 's singles has been marked by shock exits of star player .
 student describes how she became a clinton plant <sec> student says clinton staffer showed her a binder with about eight questions .  `` college student '' in brackets before top question , student says .  campaign : clinton `` did not know which questioners she was calling on '' .  student said she was not the only one told what to as .
 promise of holistic healing draws cancer patients to mexico clinics <sec> tumors have shrunk in teen who was ordered to resume chemotherapy .  family credits alternative treatments he 's getting in addition to chemo .  many clinics is mexico promise cancer healing through alternative therapies .  expert : if alternative therapies really cured cancer , they 'd be standard treatmen .
 maradona 's argentina replacement to be made after october meeting <sec> diego maradona 's replacement as coach of argentina 's national team to be made in october .  sergio batista , the country 's under-20 coach , will remain in temporary charge until then .  he will take argentina for upcoming friendly internationals against ireland and spai .
