 now that 's a change fee ! <sec> customer purchased nonrefundable airline tickets through cheapoair .  the agent told the customer a penalty would be charged for cancellation .  the penalty came to $ 535 per ticket , which the customer considered excessive .  fees were in line with company policy , but the company agreed to a full refun .
 indian anti-graft campaigner starts new hunger strike <sec> thousands of people in new delhi attend the start of the fast .  anna hazare wants the government to set up an anti-corruption agency .  legislation to create the ombudsman has got bogged down in parliament .  hazare galvanized the country last year with a hunger strike protes .
 the olympics miss : why street art should be embraced not snubbed <sec> richard howard-griffin : street artworks have become integral to regenerating east london .  howard-griffin : the olympics organizing committee has failed to engage with street artists .  he says the cultural thinking behind the games feels alien to people living in the local area .  olympic organizers have missed an opportunity to be more culturally relevant , he say .
 how is obama being viewed in europe ? <sec> president obama was widely supported by many european countries .  obama 's poll numbers in the u.s. are dropping , though .  oakley : obama does n't have to worry yet about his popularity in europ .
 swimmer 's challenge : cross 103 miles of shark-infested water <sec> australian penny palfrey , 49 , is trying to swim from havana , cuba , to the florida keys .  she is making attempt without a shark cage or swim aids such as flippers or a wetsuit .  a lycra suit provides her some protection from jellyfish , her husband says .  a crew of 15 , including medical personnel and meteorologists , is shadowing he .
 epic china ride back on after stolen bike recovered <sec> cyclist wang pingan had his cycle stolen just days before completing an epic ride around china .  locked bike was stolen outside an electronics market in shenzhen , guandong province .  wang had vowed to complete his journey by foot , but police managed to recover it against the odd .
 north west 's earrings spark social media debate <sec> daughter of kim kardashian and kanye west may have gotten her ears pierced .  some social media users object to a 1-year-old getting pierced ears .  one doctor recommends waiting until a child is at least 6 months ol .
 paul : the government wants your gun rights <sec> rand paul says he vowed to uphold all constitutional rights , including gun ownership .  paul : nothing in proposed gun laws would prevent tragedies such as the newtown massacre .  paul : more regulations could lead to government surveillance , disarm law-abiding people .  more senators need to stand up for the second amendment or rights will be lost , he say .
 foster kids get wishes granted online <sec> foster children do n't often get what they want , but one group is trying to help change that .  danielle gletow 's nonprofit posts kids ' wishes online so anyone can pay for them .  wishes can be tangible like a bike , or they can be an experience like music lessons .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroe .
 lonesome george , last of the pinta island tortoises , dies <sec> giant tortoise lonesome george dies in galapagos islands .  george was the last surviving member of the pinta island subspecies .  he was more than 100 years old -- comparatively young for a giant tortoise .  the cause of his death is under investigatio .
 man accused of stalking , threatening hln 's grace , velez-mitchell <sec> hln anchors nancy grace and jane velez-mitchell were the targets , authorities say .  david lee simpson allegedly targeted the two because of their coverage of the jodi arias trial .  simpson , 48 , was indicted on charges of stalking and computer tampering .  he was arrested in new york and waived extradition to maricopa county , arizon .
 athletes fret on lost bus as wave of olympic arrivals begins <sec> new : games organizers say there may have been problems with `` one or two '' bus trips .  american hurdler kerron clement has a four-hour bus ride , he tweets .  heathrow airport expects a record number of passengers on monday .  the arrivals start amid a security snafu that forced the government to deploy troop .
 marissa mayer : your thoughts on the 'having it all ' debate <sec> news that yahoo ceo marissa mayer is pregnant re-ignited work and motherhood debate .  you have shared your experiences in cnn stories , on facebook , twitter and ireport .  here 's a snapshot of your thoughts on `` having it all .
 prince william involved in ship rescue <sec> the british coast guard calls off a search for five missing sailors .  two rescued sailors are `` in reasonable condition ; '' a third is in unknown condition .  the ship capsized in gale-force winds .  prince william was co-pilot of a rescue helicopte .
 opinion : irs scandal is about donors , not tax <sec> roger colinvaux : the outrage over the irs 's conduct is based on a misunderstanding .  colinvaux : the issue is fundamentally about disclosure of donors , not tax-exempt status .  he says that after ruling , political groups can use the tax law to hide identity of donors .  colinvaux : the irs should not be put in the position of deciding whether a group is politica .
 afghan amputee dreams of paralympics success <sec> landmine amputee in training to fulfill olympic dream .  afghan malek mohammad hopes to be in london to swim in paralympics .  he trains in kabul with no coach but plenty of support .  afghanistan 's only olympic medalist rohullah nikpai hopeful malek will reach londo .
 north dakota lake overflows faster than predicted <sec> new : water levels also are greater than expected , minot mayor says .  new : no new evacuations beyond the 12,000 who were asked to leave .  city mayor and state governor congratulate residents on smooth evacuatio .
 why liberalism will ultimately fail <sec> william bennett : since obama won , liberals think winning coalition is diverse new groups .  he says it include gays , blacks , hispanics , asian-americans , students , single women .  they want economic , social justice ( aka entitlements ) ; reject social unifiers like church , family .  bennett : entitlement state collapses without economic growth , shared social structure .
 u.n. edges towards somali peacekeeping role <sec> resolution expresses intent to send u.n. peacekeeping forces to somalia .  the resolution in war-torn country was sponsored by the united states .  ethiopian peacekeeping force completed two-year deployment in somalia .  regional leaders fear vacuum will be filled by islamic extremist group .
 81 hospitalized after carbon monoxide leak ; ice resurfacer could be to blame <sec> officials : 81 people are treated at local hospitals for dizziness , nausea , headaches .  the incident started when several players complained of headaches .  wisc : officials say the leak came from the ice resurfacer .  some players had vomited and one had fainted , authorities sa .
 trailer time ! from 'night at the museum ' to 'insurgent ' <sec> robin williams ' `` night at the museum : secret of the tomb '' has a new trailer .  the movie is one of the late actor 's final projects .  the clip arrived at the same time as trailers for `` avengers : age of ultron '' and `` insurgent .
 opinion : paparazzi share blame with jonah hill <sec> jonah hill called photographer a gay slur after being antagonized by him all day .  peggy drexler : hill publicly apologized , but paparrazi should lay off celebrities .  hill 's response was rooted in the same crude immaturity as that exhibited by his provoker .  drexler : no excuse for the slur , but it does not reflect hill 's belief .
 family of american detained in north korea cheers his release <sec> eddie yong su jun was let go after several months in detention .  he was released at the request of the u.s. , says state-run news agency .  his family thanks the north korean government for taking care of jun 's healt .
 syrian refugees on run : 'i want people to feel our pain ' <sec> turkey say it 's out of room for displaced syrian in its 14 refugee camps .  u.n. : since november , registered refugees region-wide rising by 3,200 a day .  refugee : `` i want people to feel our pain . .  these are arabs , these are humans . .
 federal court blocks arizona abortion law <sec> the law would would restrict and criminalize most abortions performed after 20 weeks .  an aclu spokeswoman praised the court 's action , calling the law a `` dangerous ban '' .  there was no immediate reaction from the governor or the law 's legislative supporters .  the full appeals court could tackle the issue later this fal .
 spirits strong among passengers on ship stuck in antarctic ice <sec> some stranded on the akademik shokalskiy since christmas have sent an upbeat message .  youtube video : `` lots of snow and lots of ice , lots of penguins , which are very , very nice ! '' .  `` the french dropped by , but could n't get near . .  bloody great shame we 're still stuck here ! '' .  a helicopter is expected to pick up 52 passengers , and the 22 crew members will stay aboar .
 are you in danger of 'drive-by ' hacking ? <sec> drive-by download attacks can come from mallicious emails or web pages .  an android app can turn a smart phone into a hacking device within minutes .  personal information can then be a risk .  information security experts say many do n't see smart phones as at ris .
 israel says it regrets killing of palestinian judge from jordan <sec> israeli soldiers shoot and kill a palestinian judge from jordan at a border crossing .  palestinian authority condemns what it calls the shooting `` at close range '' by israeli troops .  israel promises jordan a joint investigation of the judge 's death .  in southern gaza , an israeli skylark drone crashed after a malfunction , israel say .
 justin bieber pleads no contest in egging case <sec> new : `` justin is glad to get this matter resolved and behind him , '' his rep says .  bieber must serve two years probation , pay $ 80,900 to his neighbor .  bieber still faces drunk driving charge in miami .  investigators called for a more serious felony charge against the singe .
 hollywood a-listers hit the green ... <sec> golf stars mix with a-listers from film and sport at european tour event in scotland .  five out of six of world 's top-ranked players playing in $ 5m alfred dunhill links championship .  michael douglas paired with 2005 winner colin montgomerie , rory mcilroy plays with fathe .
 review : melissa mccarthy steals 'identity thief ' <sec> melissa mccarthy steals the identity of jason bateman 's character .  the actress scored a major hit in 2011 comedy `` bridesmaids '' .  mccarthy gives `` identity thief '' a comic edge , reviewer say .
 police : boy playing with matches started 38,000-acre fire <sec> `` he admitted playing with matches and starting the fire , '' says police report .  boy , whose name and age were not given , is home with his parents .  buckweed fire burned 38,000 acres , destroyed 63 structures , 21 of them home .
 be your own change <sec> be the change is following six people trying to have a positive impact on the world .  if you want to get involved contact the relevant volunteer organizations .  cnn has picked a number of ngos that can help you to be the chang .
 china 's f1 hopeful sun zheng cuts his teeth in macau <sec> sun zheng is the first f3 racer from mainland china to enter the macau grand prix .  he aims to graduate to f1 racing to become first chinese to compete internationally .  macau grand prix regarded as one of the toughest training grounds for future f1 drivers .  the galaxy double r racing team holds the macau speed record of 182 mph ( 292 kmh .
 canadian leader suspends parliament to stay in power <sec> new : opposition accuses pm harper of putting his job ahead of canada 's interests .  move postpones opposition parties ' plan for no-confidence vote next week .  liberal and new democratic parties join with bloc quebecois to try to unseat tories .  vote likely would have brought down canada 's conservative governmen .
 israeli authorities forcibly evacuate palestinian demonstrators <sec> palestinian activists set up an encampment that they called ein hijleh .  israeli troops , police forced them out ; palestinian groups say that dozens were hurt in the process .  idf official : action came `` due to rock hurling ... and other legal considerations '' .  `` our will is strong , and we will return , '' a palestinian activist say .
 duncan 's fiancee expected to complete ebola quarantine <sec> louise troh releases statement as her quarantine is set to end .  general already working to form ebola `` quick-strike team , '' pentagon says .  texas health resources ceo admits to mistakes , says hospital is sorry .  cruise ship involved in contagion scare arrives back in texas on sunda .
 sheriff : inmate tried to give serial stabbing suspect a poisoned apple <sec> an apple is covered with oven degreaser , the sheriff says .  the inmate faces a charge of attempted poisoning .  the sheriff says accused serial stabber elias abuelazam never took a bit .
 doctor suffering financially when he decided to work for jackson <sec> $ 435,000 in judgments , liens against dr. conrad murray .  doctor operated clinics in houston , las vegas .  clinic patients praise murray 's work .  murray earned $ 150,000 a month working for jackso .
 amnesty : satellite images show scale of boko haram raid <sec> satellite images from before and after a boko haram attack show the scale of damage .  amnesty international : more than 3,700 structures were burned in two communitie .
 sharapova in the fast lane again in stuttgart to claim 29th title <sec> maria sharapova successfully defends wta stuttgart title .  she beats china 's li na in sunday 's final in straight sets .  sharapova is defending her french open crown next month .  winner of stuttgart tournament also lands a porsche sports ca .
 burqa ban passes french lower house overwhelmingly <sec> new : amnesty international condemns the vote , saying the ban violates religious freedom .  ban passes the lower house of the french parliament by a huge majority .  french people overwhelmingly favor a ban , the pew global attitudes project found this spring .  the bill still needs senate approval to become la .
 authorities searching for relatives of immigrant girl <sec> new : the girl is now in a shelter in el paso .  the maricopa county sheriff 's office arrests 16 people traveling in a van .  one of them is a 6-year-old girl , who says she is from el salvado .
 miami cop accused of driving 120 mph in squad car to off-duty job <sec> miami police officer fausto lopez is charged with reckless driving .  lopez , 35 , was in uniform and driving a marked miami police car in pre-dawn darkness .  a camera inside a florida highway patrol car tapes the seven-minute , 12-mile chase .  lopez told the arresting officer he was trying to make it on time to his off-duty jo .
 world bank : cost of ebola could top $ 32 billion <sec> the biggest ebola outbreak in history is taking its toll in western africa .  sierra leone , liberia and guinea are among the most vulnerable economies in africa .  the epidemic could cost the continent 's economies $ 32 billion over the next two year .
 the week google really 'messed up ' <sec> google launches gmail app for ios that barely functions .  company pulls the app from the app store , says `` we messed up '' .  a redesign of google reader also has been declared a `` disaster '' .  tech pundit says google has lost its innovative moj .
 would santorum put the bible over the constitution ? <sec> dean obeidallah : rick santorum annoyed the media ask for his stance on social issues .  obeidallah : but does n't he get how running for president works if he raises those issues ? .  santorum says he almost threw up at john kennedy 's stand on separation of church and state .  obeidallah : santorum must clarify he will not put religion over constitutio .
 body of missing ohio mother found in septic system <sec> new : the mother-in-law provided details where the corpse was located , police say .  new : the body of summer inman was discovered in a septic system behind a church .  police have arrested the woman 's estranged husband , mother-in-law and father-in-la .
 if he 's taken , you should shop elsewhere <sec> writer : some guys will hit on anything -- even inanimate objects .  writer : hitting on a man when his girlfriend is nearby could make you `` evil homewrecking woman '' .  if you snag him away from someone , be wary : it could happen again , writer say .
 libyan rebels say they have gadhafi surrounded <sec> new : message attributed to gadhafi says nato will be defeated .  tripoli military council spokesman wo n't say where gadhafi is .  ntc negotiator says two gadhafi sons have been seen in bani walid .  rebel fighters moving toward loyalist city , negotiator say .
 turkey : 'kurdish rebels killed in northern iraq ' <sec> turkey : at least 15 rebels in operations in northern iraq earlier this week .  says kurdistan workers ' party ( pkk ) members trying to get into turkey .  iraqi kurdish regional security forces denies the report , says no operation .  pkk , labeled a terrorist group by u.s. , eu , has attacked turkey from n ira .
 iman : the model entrepreneur <sec> former supermodel iman now has own multi-million dollar cosmetics business .  discovered by photographer peter beard in kenya ; married to david bowie .  organizes fund-raising events for charities including , keep a child alive .  `` iman : the moment i got into the modeling industry , i knew i had to be an entrepreneur .
 death toll hits 20 in kashmir protests <sec> violent protests continue across kashmir , death toll rises to 20 .  thousands join funeral procession for one of the victims .  protesters angry over govt . .  decision not to transfer land to a hindu shrine .  state govt . .  revoked transfer after a week of violent protests by muslim .
 referees defend webb after world cup final criticism <sec> former referees defend howard webb 's performance in world cup final .  ex-premier league official jeff winter ddescribeswebb 's display as superb .  fifa president sepp blatter says webb had a `` very hard task '' in the match .  dutch players and manager say referee favored spain , who won 1-0 in extra-tim .
 will iran 's supreme leader drink the 'poison ' of peace ? <sec> iran 's first supreme leader made a bitter peace with iraq 's saddam hussein .  nazila fathi : is current leader ayatollah khamanei trying to put iran on right track before he dies .
 sendak sparked 'wild ' creativity in young readers <sec> maurice sendak portrayed children 's intense feelings as normal .  his work inspired generations of future author-illustrators of children 's books .  his books help children create and explore the worlds within their imagination .
 china : fourth baby dies from tainted formula <sec> new : 12 new arrests raises total number of people detained to 18 .  4 babies have died ; over 6,200 infants now known to be ill .  china 's largest milk producer , mengniu dairy group , recalls three batches of formula .  of china 's 175 baby milk powder production companies , 66 have stopped productio .
 detective describes colo. shooting suspect 's odd police station behavior <sec> new : shooter used steel-core rounds in attack , police officer says .  detective : holmes used paper bags for puppets as police tried to interview him .  the lead detective says he did n't need to order toxicology tests .  police also play 911 calls from the july 20 shooting rampag .
 farnborough 2014 : what to expect at this year 's airshow <sec> farnborough airshow is one of the biggest aviation industry gatherings .  international presence is expected to be at an all-time high , says aviation expert tim robinson .  the f-35 will make its international debut ; civil drones are on the ris .
 2 arrested over pakistan mosque bombing <sec> two arrested over attack on pakistan mosque .  at least 51 killed , more than 100 injured in suicide bombing .  incident took place as worshippers offered friday prayers .  mosque frequented by officials working at checkpoints on nato supply route .
 cdc : 1 dead , 7 others sickened by listeria traced to cheese <sec> 8 people got sick last summer , fall with listeria in maryland , california .  3 were adults , 3 were babies and 2 were new mothers , the cdc says .  authorities tie the illnesses to `` hispanic-style cheese .
 ancelotti moves to real madrid , blanc appointed his psg successor <sec> real madrid appoint carlo ancelotti as new coach .  the italian signs a three-year deal with the nine-time european champions .  psg appoint former france coach laurent blanc as ancelotti 's replacement .  blanc puts pen to paper on a two-year contract in the french capita .
 surgeon heals patients and their violent ways <sec> dr. carnell cooper 's violence intervention program helps trauma victims .  the program aims to break the cycle of violence by targeting its root causes .  study : participants are three times less likely to be arrested for a violent crime .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open at cnn.com/heroe .
 murder on google street view ? <sec> images of edinburgh 's giles street on google street view appear to show an axe murder .  but mechanics dan thompson and gary kerr say they staged the `` murder '' for a laugh .  thompson said he spotted the car coming and grabbed kerr in time to set-up the tableau .  he said that the image was spotted by a supplier and police later visited to investigat .
