 lawyer : police checking whether remains are missing autistic teen 's <sec> remains found along east river in queens may belong to autistic boy , family 's lawyer says .  police have notified the family of avonte oquendo , who went missing in october .  his mother is set to provide dna to investigators , lawyer say .
 trayvon martin famu football team captain <sec> florida a & m 's coach invites tracy martin , trayvon 's dad , to speak .  he receives a standing ovation from the players .  tracy martin is named the honorary captain for the rattlers ' seaso .
 widow tells how bin laden lived on the run <sec> osama bin laden 's family `` scattered '' after the 9/11 attacks , widow tells police .  the al qaeda leader lived undetected in pakistan for many years .  he was killed last may in a raid .  widow says pakistani families helped arrange her travel and housin .
 opinion : we need a 'right be be forgotten ' online <sec> european court ruled that you have a `` right to be forgotten , '' google links taken down .  marc randazza : this means a person can say information `` no longer reflects who i am '' .  now , google forever reveals old problems : debt , criminal record , `` revenge porn '' photos .  randazza : this right does n't apply if the general public has a right to that informatio .
 why microsoft is getting into tv shows <sec> microsoft announces xbox originals , a slate of original tv series .  the move is part of a tech trend toward producing original streaming content .  yahoo also announces two comedy series this week .  netflix led the way with shows like emmy-winning `` house of cards .
 shelly sterling approves nba plan for new clippers ceo <sec> donald sterling has been banned from clippers ' team operations .  his wife is a co-owner in the team , which was bought in 1981 .  she said the team will help the league find a `` fresh , accomplished '' new leader .  nba also wants donald sterling to be forced to sell now successful tea .
 finding spirituality on culturally-rich appalachian trail <sec> the appalachian trail weaves through the religious roots of the nation .  before the puritans arrived , native americans already had spiritual traditions in the mountains .  transcendentalist writers visited the appalachian peaks seeking a deeper experienc .
 baby boomers looking for love online <sec> websites such as ourtime.com cater to singles over 50 .  woman calls dating site `` candy store of people '' .  real estate agent says she was reluctant at first due to `` horror stories '' she had heard .  sites say they offer protection , with background information collected on client .
 teen jet stowaway 'a good kid ' but struggling , dad says <sec> abdulahi yusuf releases a statement through a san francisco-area islamic group .  he says his son , yahya yusuf , has had trouble adapting to life in the united states .  he plans to escort his son back to california from hawai .
 something about the face ? cross-dresser arrested in uae women-only park <sec> an indian man is accused of `` violating public decency '' in sharjah , part of uae .  he donned women 's clothing and sneaking into a women-only park .  it was not clear if his moustache might have been a weak point in his disguis .
 a gym for your skin <sec> a boutique in manhattan offers face workouts and massages .  massage and movement may be detoxifying to your ski .
 shanghai win puts roger federer on a roll with world no.1 spot in sight <sec> roger federer wins first shanghai masters title with victory over gilles simon .  the 33-year-old swiss will now move above rafael nadal in world rankings .  federer says he wo n't change schedule for chance to regain world no.1 spot .  but the 17-time grand slam champion says he 's not slowing down ye .
 nobels bring mourning for victims of norway 's worst mass murder <sec> utoya island has dropped from headlines , but it remains fresh in the memory of many .  martin schultz , president of european parliament , visited after receiving nobel peace prize .  anders behring breivik admitted carrying out the attacks , sentenced to 21 years in priso .
 world cup : when football met rap <sec> england 's official song for 1990 world cup saw football mix with rap .  `` world in motion '' was released by british band new order .  the band collaborated with the england team , with john barnes performing a rap .  barnes ' rap is now a part of english football folklor .
 top of the chops : the screening room 's top 10 kung fu films <sec> iconic kung fu star bruce lee hits the top spot with `` enter the dragon '' .  tarantino 's genre tributes , `` kill bill 1 & 2 , '' are stylish and bloody .  `` the matrix '' is a sci-fi kung fu movie with slickly made fight sequences .  but jean-claude van damme 's `` street fighter '' lacks the killer punc .
 celebrity doctors , beware <sec> victoria mcevoy says murray verdict a cautionary tale for docs who work with celebrities .  she asks : why does dealing with celebrities make doctors lower standards ? .  she says doctors dazzled by glamor , money , access , like everyone else .  mcevoy : being an enabler for a celeb is wrong ; hopefully case is reminder of danger .
 judge temporarily halts enforcement of alabama abortion law <sec> u.s. district judge myron h. thompson bars authorities from enforcing the law until 2014 .  the federal judge 's temporary restraining order is a response to a lawsuit against the state .  planned parenthood of alabama is suing , saying the law is unnecessar .
 isaac pounds the gulf coast : how to help <sec> tropical depression isaac has dumped up to 20 inches of rain in some areas .  close to a million people are without power in four states .  relief organizations are on the ground , and there are ways you can hel .
 s. korea ferry disaster : fake survivor posts add to nation 's anguish <sec> police say messages from 'survivors trapped in ferry ' are fake .  south korea gripped by the tragedy .  social media full of well-wisher .
 ryan 's conservative stance extends beyond fiscal policy <sec> paul ryan has a conservative record on major issues .  a catholic with working-class roots , ryan opposes abortion and legalizing gay marriage .  the seven-term congressman is house budget chairman at age 42 .  he backs conservative republican policy on most matter .
 voices of aurora : coping with grief , conquering life <sec> trial for aurora theater shooting suspect begins monday .  survivors say the shooting changed their lives , but does n't define i .
 white house warns senate on bill that may harm iran negotiations <sec> a republican senator is drafting legislation to allow congress to vote on negotiations with iran .  the white house sent a letter saying it would further threaten talks over tehran 's nuclear progra .
 iran : part of $ 4.2 billion cut off by sanctions now in tehran 's hands <sec> six world powers agreed to lift some sanctions against iran in november .  in exchange , iran agreed to limit its nuclear program .  the first installment amounts to $ 550 million , iranian media reports .  sanctions were suspended on items such as gold and petrochemical export .
 cnn student news learning activity : mlk 's `` i have a dream '' speech <sec> students will examine dr. martin luther king , jr. 's `` i have a dream '' speech .  students will compose responses to the speech based on life in 200 .
 cnn student news - february 18 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 was hagel doomed from the start ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> hagel never recovered from struggle at senate confirmation hearing .  he went to pentagon to cut budgets but instead faced new wars .  sources question whether he ever mastered jo .
 police follow new leads in search for missing florida girl <sec> new : sheriff 's office changes description of missing girl 's clothing in amber alert .  officers search florida neighborhood of haleigh ann-marie cummings , 5 .  investigators wo n't give details of new leads they say they 've found .  girl disappeared from home last week while in teenager 's car .
 proposed ncaa settlement could restore penn state wins <sec> in aftermath of jerry sandusky scandal , ncaa voided 112 psu wins , 111 of which were under joe paterno .  a proposed settlement would restore those wins .  paterno family : `` today is a great victory for everyone who has fought for the truth in the sandusky tragedy .
 cricket pitch to parliament : sachin tendulkar 's political move <sec> cricket legend sachin tendulkar has been nominated to join india 's parliament .  the selection has drawn mixed reactions , with the times of india saying it `` makes little sense '' .  at the same time , many lawmakers welcomed the celebrated batsman .  tendulkar , the first cricketer to score 100 international centuries , insists sport is priorit .
 red cross official fatally shot in libya <sec> the red cross official killed is michael greub , a 42-year-old swiss national .  he 'd been with the icrc the past 7 years , including stints in yemen , iraq and sudan .  grueb was shot dead by gunmen in the mediterranean city of sirt .
 police identify three men involved in paris racist row <sec> new : met police say three men in alleged racist incident in paris have been identified .  video of chelsea fans abusing black frenchman tuesday went viral .  british transport police investigating another incident in london .  btp appealing for information over racist chanting at london train station wednesda .
 officials : woman dies after stingray strikes her <sec> sunbather on boat off florida dies after fish strikes her , officials say .  unknown whether ray 's barb , blow to head or fall caused her to die .  victim was 55-year-old woman from michigan .  spotted eagle ray weighed about 75 pounds , sheriff 's spokeswoman say .
 5 reasons obama 's africa leaders ' summit matters - cnnpolitics.com <sec> majority of african leaders convene in washington for first-ever african leaders summit .  ebola outbreak on the continent sure to distract from talks on trade .  u.s. hopes to be a player on the african continent and blunt china 's influenc .
 bangladesh high court declares rules against islamist party <sec> jamaat is one of two main opposition parties .  with ban , it ca n't take part in upcoming general election .  the petition says jamaat is religiously-steeped .  the potential for violence is all-too-rea .
 transcript : vaclav havel on unrest in the arab world <sec> former czech vaclav havel helped lay foundations for democracy in eastern europe .  havel : development of civilization will not be good if economic interests are superior to human interests .  hopes his personal legacy is that history gave him the chance to help with something good .  havel : i would n't like to play the role of an advisor to arab countrie .
 carnival cruise ship floats in gulf of mexico after engine fire , will be towed <sec> new : the coast guard says one of its ships should arrive at the cruise liner early monday .  a fire occurs in the engine room of the carnival triumph on sunday morning .  afterward , the ship has no propulsion and now will need to be towed , the cruise line says .  no injuries reported ; passengers and crew have food , water and electricity from generator .
 texas jogger finds child in bushes after car theft <sec> a jogger finds a baby strapped in a car seat hidden in bushes in north houston .  the baby was missing for about six hours after the car she was in was stolen .  her mother had gone into a gas station , leaving the keys in the ignition .  police are searching for the man they believe stole the vehicl .
 why iran 's rise is a good thing <sec> hillary mann leverett : middle east less stable than at any point in modern history .  united states needs constructive ties with all major regional states , including iran , she say .
 political uncertainty in uk as rivals jostle for power <sec> no party wins clear majority in british elections , resulting in hung parliament .  leader of conservative party david cameron indicates he could work with lib dems .  brown : `` my duty is to play my part in britain having a strong , stable and principled government '' .  liberal democrat leader says he will talk first with conservatives about possible allianc .
 why mandela still matters to south africans fearful for future <sec> ailing nelson mandela holds special place in south africans ' hearts .  mandela has long left political stage but he embodies nation promised in 1994 .  south africans worry their `` rainbow nation '' no longer matches his vision .  corruption is widespread ; apartheid-era law being used to protect his privac .
 can the west cultivate ideas from cuba 's 'special period ' ? <sec> cuba 's economic hardship in early 1990 's led to reorganization of agriculture .  urban and organic farming implemented plus break up of inefficient large farms .  some see cuba 's experience as way to cope with problems of future oil crise .
 children safer in kabul than in london or new york , nato envoy says <sec> new : remark took away from point he was trying to make , sedwill says .  despite afghan children 's fears , there are few bombs in kabul , the envoy says .  he makes his comments on a bbc current-affairs program for children .  `` most children can go about their lives in safety '' in kabul , he say .
 bag thought to be loughner 's contains type of ammo used saturday <sec> new : qwest communications worker contacted police about bag , sources say .  sheriff 's office : ammo in bag `` matches the type used in the incident '' .  bag 's other contents suggest gunman 's movements before shooting , sheriff 's office says .  the bag believed to jared lee loughner 's was transferred to fbi custody for further analysi .
 ohno making impact off the ice <sec> olympian says seeyourimpact.org represents the future of philanthropic giving .  the website facilitates donations and then shows donors how their gift made a difference .  apolo anton ohno : 'people want to see how their money is being used ' .  ohno is on the blue ribbon panel that helped choose this year 's top 10 cnn heroe .
 michelle obama could be secret weapon in health care reform <sec> first lady michelle obama delivers remarks on health care reform friday .  obama recalls personal health stories about her daughter and father .  analysts say her personal touch on the thorny issue could help her husban .
 10 questions for obama to answer <sec> david frum : president obama has a record that should be questioned in the debates .  he says obama should be asked about results of afghan surge and `` green-on-blue '' attacks .  frum : ask about slow economic recovery and what level of taxation he thinks is too high .  ask obama how he would govern differently in second term , frum say .
 9 ways to keep it healthy when eating out <sec> american eat out about five times a week , statistics show .  look out for words such as `` creamy , '' `` crispy '' and `` smothered '' on menus .  do n't be afraid to ask your server to change things up .  box up half your meal and save it for late .
 rugby : ireland shock wallabies in world cup <sec> ireland shock australian wallabies 15-6 to top pool c of rugby world cup .  jonathan sexton and ronan o'gara kick the points to give irish famous victory .  defending champions south africa thrash fiji 49-3 to make it two wins from two .  argentina secure first victory with 43-8 win over romani .
 smart cabs and social games : africa 's mobile tech startups <sec> mobile phones are driving commerce in africa , says michelle atagana .  african startups are beginning to exploit the situation with innovative new applications .  industries across the continent are being disrupted by new mobile tec .
 australia lose late wickets against india <sec> australia end the opening day of the first test against india on 277-6 .  the hosts lose three wickets in 18 balls after looking solid on 205-3 .  michael hussey is out for a first ball duck despite not appearing to hit bal .
 hong kong sellers profit from beijing 's 'forbidden ' books <sec> bookstores in hong kong are now catering to mainland chinese tourists .  the books sell literature that is banned in china under the communist party rule .  topics include political scandals , history books and book about the party itself .  experts say chinese buy these books to feel a part of the political proces .
 yemen says u.s. drone struck a wedding convoy , killing 14 <sec> two national security officials from yemen confirm to cnn the deadly drone strike .  intelligence reports indicated convoy vehicles carried al qaeda militants , they say .  yemeni security official : `` this was a tragic mistake and comes at a very critical time '' .  outraged residents in the region call on yemeni leaders to put an end of drone strike .
 humans on mars by 2035 ? nasa 's sci-fi dream could be reality <sec> nasa chief scientist , ellen stofan , wants humans on mars by mid-2030s .  astronauts would take 8 months to reach planet , face radiation , thin atmosphere .  studying mars would help us better understand earth .  believes there must be intelligent life in our univers .
 justice david souter to retire from supreme court , source says <sec> souter will leave after the current court term recesses in june , source says .  souter 's replacement would be president obama 's first supreme court appointment .  souter , 69 , was tapped by president george h.w . .  bush , disappointed conservatives .  souter 's departure will leave the two oldest justices still on the benc .
 jonny evans and papiss cisse are charged by fa over 'spitting ' <sec> alleged incident happened in match at st james ' park .  players face six-match ban if found guilty .  evans denied spitting in statement .  cisse statement says : `` i let you down .
 french prosecutor drops strauss-kahn 'gang rape ' probe <sec> strauss-kahn remains under investigation in connection with an alleged prostitution ring .  the washington inquiry stemmed from testimony given in that probe .  the woman whose evidence prompted the washington probe did not want to press charges .  strauss-kahn has denied wrongdoing and has not been convicted of a crim .
 7 civilians killed from roadside mines in afghanistan <sec> new : officials say an 8-year-old girl died after being given an explosive-laden bag .  in the first roadside mine attack , four civilians -- including two children -- are killed .  three civilians are killed in a second attack in ghazni province .  the afghan ministry of interior condemns the attack .
 opec 's power play as cartel marks 50 years <sec> opec ministers meet thursday in vienna to discuss oil prices .  member countries sit atop more than three quarters of world reserves .  opec is also marking its 50th anniversar .
 u.s. sends more troops to iraq <sec> death toll in iraq for june nearly twice that of may .  u.s. official tells cnn that potential threat from isis prompted troop escalation .  pentagon sending 300 more troops to baghdad as protection forces .  mortar rounds strike gate of holy site in samarr .
 rudd , segel show 'love ' for each other <sec> `` i love you , man '' stars paul rudd , jason segel as two men trying friendship .  neither rudd nor segel likes the term `` bromance '' .  comedy makes some serious points about friendship , segel say .
 this week in ireport : berlin wall 's fall , sesame street 's birthday <sec> ireporters remember the fall of the berlin wall , 20 years later .  the gulf coast braces for hurricane ida .  'sesame street ' celebrates 40 years .  tell your stories at cnn irepor .
 china quality chief quits over milk scandal <sec> head of china 's quality watchdog resigns over tainted baby formula scandal .  who representative said scandal shows up flaws in china 's food supply chain .  four infants in china dead , 53,000 reported ill from tainted milk powde .
 film shows how newspaper family 'invented ' los angeles <sec> `` inventing l.a. : the chandlers and their times '' premieres monday on pbs .  historian : chandlers not only dominated los angeles , they invented it .  los angeles grew from small desert town to nation 's second-largest city .  the chandler family newspaper dynasty ended in 198 .
 the truth about jonathan pollard <sec> jonathan pollard is serving his 27th year of imprisonment for conspiracy to commit espionage .  pollard 's attorneys say his sentence is unduly harsh , that he 's been victim of distortions .  lawyers : pollard 's crime did not amount to treason .  henry kissinger , george shultz , dan quayle are among those supporting clemency , they sa .
