 fallen for you wins coronation stakes as jockey buick shines <sec> fallen for you wins coronation stakes with william buick .  buick wins two more races on friday to lead jockey 's standings .  the queen scores first royal ascot winner since 2008 .  her majesty 's filly estimate wins the queen 's vas .
 57 dead in southern sudan violence <sec> the spla says it was attacked by militia forces .  militia leader gabriel tang `` narrowly escaped , '' officials sa .
 juneteenth : where to honor the end of slavery <sec> african-americans , both enslaved and free , built the city of charleston .  nicodemus , kansas , is oldest surviving african-american town west of the mississippi .  st. helena island , in south carolina , was a safe haven for freed people as early as 186 .
 9 people shot on bourbon street in new orleans <sec> new : police believe two young men are responsible for the shooting .  new : police say some victims in the tourist-area shooting are not from new orleans .  a total of nine people were shot during the incident .  two people are in critical condition after late-night shooting in french quarte .
 in death , a 13-year-old becomes a symbol of syrian opposition <sec> the body of hamza ali al-khateeb , 13 , shows horrible injuries in a youtube video .  `` they want the people to see this , they want the people to get scared , '' an activist says .  instead , people `` got angrier , '' says the activist , who is in hiding in syria .  syrian state tv : the medical examiner says there was no evidence of tortur .
 israeli court indicts 5 right-wing extremists <sec> the extremists are accused of collecting military information .  authorities also allege they organized a break-in at a military base .  they are suspected in a december 13 attack on an israel defense forces bas .
 8 dead , 14 wounded in slovakia shooting <sec> three-year-old child was among the wounded , news agency says .  woman who stepped onto balcony during shooting was also killed .  the dead include 4 women and 2 men from the same family .  the shooting took place monday morning in the capital , bratislav .
 nsa chief : reports u.s. collected data from allies 'completely false ' <sec> new : `` this is not unique to the united states , '' a committee chair says .  new : trying to determine the intentions of foreign leaders is a given , clapper said .  new : media outlets misinterpreted leaked documents , the nsa chief says .  `` this is not information that we collected on european citizens , '' the nsa chief say .
 google search reveals true identity of suspect in navy charity scam <sec> `` bobby thompson '' is john donald cody , a fugitive arizona lawyer , officials say .  cody , now 65 , disappeared in 1984 as irs agents were investigating him for fraud .  cody allegedly founded a fake charity that stole $ 2 million intended for veterans .  `` thank goodness for google , '' u.s. marshal say .
 settler is killed , palestinians fear reprisals <sec> police : palestinian man kills an israeli settler in the west bank .  assailants stab a palestinian man in a jerusalem neighborhood .  israeli says it makes a `` direct hit '' on a suspected terrorist in gaza .  a palestinian says the airstrike killed a hospital security office .
 putin : escalating conflict puts ukraine on 'brink of civil war ' <sec> vladimir putin says escalating conflict puts ukraine on the `` brink of civil war '' .  ukraine 's military retakes airport from pro-russian militants , official says .  large ukrainian military convoy seen traveling on roads in donetsk region .  ukraine 's acting president says an `` anti-terrorist operation '' is under way in donetsk regio .
 fake 'red sole ' shoes seized at los angeles port <sec> counterfeit christian louboutin shoes could have brought $ 18 million .  fake `` red sole '' shoes often sold on illegitimate websites , customs officials sa .
 israeli troops kill palestinian in west bank clashes <sec> a 21-year-old palestinian man is shot on a rooftop in a west bank refugee camp .  he was aiming a homemade gun at troops , an israeli military spokeswoman says .  the man 's family says he was watching clashes between palestinians , israeli troops .  this is the latest violent incident in recent days in the regio .
 new details emerge in hearing for colorado theater shooting suspect <sec> youngest victim was shot four times , according to coroner .  prosecutors say video shows holmes in theater complex , using a ticket kiosk .  suspect james holmes kept theater door unlocked with piece of plastic , officer says .  holmes 's attorneys are expected to present a `` diminished capacity '' defens .
 funtasy island : indonesia set to unveil the world 's largest eco-resort <sec> funtasy island is set to be the world 's largest eco-resort .  the $ 240 million development is situated in the riau archipelago in indonesia .  the bustling city state of singapore is located only 16-miles awa .
 holder confirmed as attorney general <sec> eric holder is a former federal prosecutor , deputy attorney general .  holder takes over a justice department battered by controversies .  he is first african-american confirmed to the pos .
 rover finds evidence of ancient water on mars <sec> the mars rover curiosity finds stones suggesting past water flow .  in bedrock are rounded gravels too large to have been moved by wind .  scientists believe water and sediment flowed down the crater of an alluvial fan .  the mystery is whether mars could have supported life remains unsolve .
 dogs work 'magic ' on kids with autism <sec> cnn hero helps partner service dogs with people with wide range of disabilities .  since 1998 , karen shirk 's nonprofit 4 paws for ability has placed 319 dogs .  nearly 70 percent of the dogs have been partnered with autistic children .  she started the program after being told she was too disabled for a service do .
 chris christie and our biases about weight <sec> rebecca puhl : media fixated on gov . .  chris christie 's weight as he pondered presidential run .  puhl says weight discrimination has jumped by 66 % in past decade , is common in jobs setting .  she says we do n't make assumptions about thin people , who may have bad health habits .  puhl : more people are recognizing weight has nothing to do with abilities , characte .
 opinion : how to avoid giving a horrible gift <sec> dean obeidallah : there are too many good people getting bad gifts for holidays .  obeidallah : i want to save you from making gift-giving mistakes ; here are four ways .  he says do n't give overtly practical gifts and do n't re-gift something that 's been used .  obeidallah : at the very least , do n't be afraid to ask someone what he or she like .
 north korea on google maps : monuments , nuclear complex , gulags <sec> google publishes detailed maps of north korea for the first time .  it says `` citizen cartographers '' used map making software to add the data .  the maps show the reclusive regime 's main nuclear complex and gulags .  google 's executive chairman , eric schmidt , visited north korea this mont .
 pope to vatican : 'act decisively ' on sex abuse cases <sec> victims ' group calls for action not words , says francis should take a new path .  francis calls on the church hierarchy to `` act decisively '' against sexual abuse .  he urges measures to boost protection for children , the vatican says .  the catholic church has been rocked by claims of priests sexually abusing minor .
 hbo 's 'true blood ' sinks fangs into comic books <sec> `` true blood '' is capitalizing on popularity with a comic book .  the first issue in the series is scheduled to be released at comic-con .  the show 's creator spoke with cnn about the new project and the upcoming television seaso .
 los angeles port fire is out , but smoke threatens <sec> firefighters used boats , trucks , helicopters and scuba gear to put out the wharf fire .  lapd warns residents near the port to stay indoors tuesday morning because of smoke .  the four-alarm fire burned about 150 feet of a wooden dock monday night .  the port of los angeles is about 20 miles south of downtown los angele .
 cnn student news transcript - april 27 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 the scene : jackman turns into wolverine <sec> hugh jackman plays wolverine in `` x-men origins : wolverine '' .  to create the character , jackman wanted to be in `` ridiculous shape '' .  how to contact jackman underwater ? .  director used a `` toe method .
 massive , meat-eating predatory dinosaur unearthed <sec> paleontologists say they found a new dinosaur species , siats meekerorum , in utah .  at more than 30 feet long and over 4 tons , it was a dominant carnivore predator .  it predates t. rex , filling a hole in the geologic record from 100 million years ago .  its closet kin were in other continents , indicating dinosaurs spread widel .
 maria de villota : formula one test driver found dead in seville <sec> former formula one test driver maria de villota has died aged 33 .  local media reported de villota was found in a hotel room in seville .  de villota is the daughter of former f1 driver emilio de villota .  she lost her right eye during a crash at a marussia test event in june 201 .
 in-form federer makes history in qatar <sec> roger federer avenges last year 's doha defeat by nikolay davydenko .  world no . .  2 wins qatar crown for a record third time with victory in saturday 's final .  u.s. win hopman cup for sixth time , beating belgium 2-1 in final in perth .  defending champion andy roddick faces world no . .  5 robin soderling in brisbane fina .
 opportunities grow for adults with autism <sec> chris pavlak is one of three young adults on the autism spectrum working at cafe .  his father has seen a remarkable improvement in his son 's social skills .  café blends program targets the needs of young adults with autis .
 official : 4 americans killed in attack at u.s. base in afghanistan <sec> new : the taliban claim responsibility for the attack .  isaf says four nato coalition service members have been killed .  isaf did not disclose the nationality of those killed .  a pentagon official says the attack happened at bagram air bas .
 uk to compensate more than 5,000 kenyan colonial-era freedom fighters <sec> the abuse occurred from 1952 to 1961 .  fighters from the mau mau movement battled british forces for land and freedom .  colonial forces killed thousands of fighters and detained other .
 mcilroy : the rise of golf 's new superman ? <sec> rory mcilroy is seeking more major success in 2012 after a breakthrough year .  the northern irishman won his first major at june 's u.s. open and is no . .  2 in the world .  the 22-year-old golfer is dating top-ranked danish tennis star caroline wozniacki .  mcilroy wants a final-day showdown with 14-time major champion tiger wood .
 odd facts about nobel prize winners <sec> more than one nobel winner had to share or give prize money to ex-wife .  marie curie was urged not to collect her second nobel because of affair .  three u.s. presidents have won the nobel prize .  lise meitner was reportedly nominated for the nobel prize 13 times , but never wo .
 heat record first nba win of season while celtics lose <sec> miami heat win first nba game of season on wednesday while boston celtics lost .  celtics beat new-look heat in the opening game of the season on tuesday .  the heat defeated the philadelphia 76ers 98-87 with lebron james scoring 16 points .  celtics lost to the cleveland cavaliers 95-8 .
 iraqi : 'i killed her with a machine gun ' <sec> residents of basra have begun telling stories of militia massacres .  mom says one son was killed for drinking alcohol , two others slain for their car .  authorities : man admits to killed 15 girls , including one 9 year old .  dad in park says , `` it 's the first time that we have dared to come here in two years .
 man arrested with rifle said he had delivery for obama <sec> new : alfred brock , 64 drove up to capitol barricade with a rifle in his vehicle .  new : brock charged with possession of an unregistered firearm , ammunition .  police say he told them he had a delivery for president obama .  man was arrested , transported to capitol hill police headquarters for processin .
 days before start of more open policy , cuba limits travel for 'skilled ' and others <sec> cuba says its residents wo n't need exit permit or invitation from another country .  the new policy , which takes effect monday , also does away with fees that can run to $ 200 .  this week , cuban state media detailed restrictions , including for `` national security '' reasons .  limits aim `` to preserve the skilled workforce , '' which includes professionals and scientist .
 britain honors fallen as afghan death toll rises to 201 <sec> queen elizabeth ii and royal family lay wreaths at the cenotaph , the war memorial near parliament in london .  britain honors its war dead each year on the sunday closest to november 11 , the day world war i ended in 1918 .  hours before the ceremony began , the 200th british soldier was been killed in hostile action in afghanistan .  that was followed by the news that a u.s. soldier and another british soldier died in separate incident .
 kei nishikori : 'it was a little bit crazy ' <sec> kei nishikori 's strong performance at the u.s. open has seen him heralded in japan .  nishikori reached final at flushing meadows before defeat by croatia 's marin cilic .  the 24-year-old says other players are now paying more attention to him .  world no . .  6 credits new coach michael chang with invigorating his gam .
 cocaine in raw meat is latest wacky tsa find <sec> the tsa says a passenger in california tried to smuggle cocaine in raw meat .  three pounds of cocaine were found and confiscated .  agency says books , peanut butter and cat litter have been used to smuggle item .
 in venezuela , who are the opposition protesters ? <sec> thousands hit the streets in venezuela since sunday 's election .  protesters want recount after nicolas maduro apparently wins presidency by small margin .  protests reveal deep polarization in country where gap between rich and poor remains large .  news of reported vote audit friday may mollify opposition supporters for a whil .
 pelligrini says madrid squad now 'complete ' <sec> real madrid coach manuel pellegrini says that his squad is now `` complete '' .  bernabeu giants have invested heavily in their side over the summer months .  pellegrini reveals that real madrid 's pre-season form has been encouragin .
 indonesia executions : filipina 's last-minute reprieve <sec> indonesia executed eight drug smugglers wednesday morning .  mary jane veloso was meant to be the ninth but was given reprieve .  supporters , family `` overjoyed '' -- indonesia stresses it 's just a dela .
 superdelegates : why they matter <sec> cnn answers your questions about the role delegates play in the presidential race .  find out the difference between delegates and `` superdelegates '' for democrats .  there are no republican superdelegate .
 kim k. : i 'm the luckiest girl in the world <sec> kim kardashian has spoken on her new engagement .  the 33-year-old says she feels like `` the luckiest girl in the world '' .  her fiancã© west proposed on monday with an elaborate surpris .
 israel : citizen shown in isis video had no ties to intelligence services <sec> an isis video claims to show the killing of mohamed said ismail musallam .  the militant group claims the 19-year-old israeli arab is an israeli spy .  but israel 's defense minister denies the allegatio .
 hundreds of houses damaged after strong earthquake hits mexico <sec> interior minister : 11 people are injured nationwide .  at least 500 homes are damaged in guerrero state , the governor says .  at epicenter : `` there are many cracked ceilings , many houses that collapsed '' .  residents rush into the streets in mexico city , about 200 miles from the epicente .
 anthony shadid : a reporter 's storyteller <sec> journalist anthony shadid was a mentor , colleague and friend .  he won two pulitzer prizes for international reporting .  cnn journalist chelsea j. carter is `` struggling with news of his death '' in syria .  shadid edited carter in los angeles ; they later both worked in baghda .
 mers mystery : virus found in camels <sec> the mers coronavirus has sickened more than 330 people in saudi arabia .  twenty-six new cases were reported last weekend .  researchers have found the live virus in camel .
 reports of possible mass grave 'sickening , ' irish clergyman says <sec> archbishop of dublin has called for anyone with information to share it .  according to local media , children in tuam stumbled upon the grave in the 1970s .  a local historian has concluded that children from a catholic-run home were buried ther .
 opposing groups protest outside abortion doctor 's clinic <sec> protests take place nearly three months to the day dr. george tiller was killed .  abortion supporters outnumber opponents 2 to 1 outside dr. leroy carhart 's clinic .  `` welcome ! .  welcome ! .  this clinic stays open , '' abortion supporters chant in uniso .
 'goosebumps ' as daredevil jumps from edge of space <sec> `` this is way bigger than i had anticipated , '' record-setting jumper says .  he soared up to 24 miles -- for the highest balloon ride and highest jump ever .  then the austrian daredevil hit 833.9 mph at one point , breaking the speed of sound .  risks were low temperatures , thin atmosphere and a possible loss of consciousnes .
 refugee crisis growing in iraq <sec> more than 65,000 have fled falluja and ramadi in past week .  this is on top of more than 1.1 million internally displaced persons .  more violence was recorded in iraq friday with seven reported kille .
 chemical mix and human error lead to controversial executions <sec> prolonged death of arizona inmate sparks renewed concerns about capital punishment .  professor 's definition of a bad execution : `` prolonged suffering '' for 20 minutes or more .  lethal chemicals clogged tube leading to john wayne gacy 's arm .  sometimes execution teams have trouble finding a suitable vei .
 naacp urges cell phone use to fight police brutality <sec> naacp unveils new program to allow people to report alleged police misconduct .  texts , e-mails can also be sent to document alleged police misdeeds .  unarmed california man 's shooting captured on phone garnered national attentio .
 wimbledon grass faces olympic race against time and nature <sec> wimbledon is also hosting the 2012 olympic games tennis tournament .  olympic competition starts just 20 days after the championships finish .  groundsman eddie seaward is in charge of preparations for his final year .  courts are tested at a special turf research facility in northern englan .
 eggnog : everything you need to know <sec> eggnog can trace its roots to a hot cocktail known as posset .  in 1800 , the american recipe for eggnog consisted of milk , eggs , rum , and sugar .  george washington 's recipe included 3 types of booze : rye whiskey , rum , sherry .  a four-ounce cup of store-bought eggnog boasts a whopping 170 calorie .
 koreans ' crash gives ohno a skating silver ; kearney claims gold <sec> skier hannah kerney claims first u.s. gold medal of winter olympics in ladies ' moguls .  american skating star apolo anton ohno snatches a silver medal as korean rivals crash .  swiss ski-jumper simon ammann claims first gold medal of the games in normal hill event .  world champion sven kramer wins 5,000 meters speed skating title in record tim .
 iran hit by second moderate quake in 2 days <sec> magnitude 5.3 earthquake hits southern iran on saturday .  it follows a magnitude 5.6 earthquake friday .  170 people were injured in friday 's quak .
 hawaii to become 16th state to legalize same-sex marriage <sec> hawaii 's same-sex marriage law is set to take effect on june 1 , 2014 .  `` hawaii exemplifies the values we hold dear as a nation , '' president obama says .  illinois becomes the 15th state when its governor signs a same-sex marriage bill .  16 other countries ( and parts of mexico ) allow same-sex marriag .
 obama : no high-level policy talks with north korea <sec> the president said `` high level policy discussions '' were not involved in obtaining release of americans . .  the two americans were held by north korea and returned over the weekend .
 zombies swarm 'walking dead ' convention <sec> zombies never been bigger , evidenced by series , `` the walking dead '' .  walker stalker con hosted thousands of `` walking dead '' and zombie fans .  fans invested in characters and idea of surviving apocalyps .
 sens . king , manchin will stick with democrats <sec> independent sen. angus king would not say before the midterm election if he would vote with democrats .  king says the democrats never made him vote along party line .
