 red river reaches record level , floods fargo with uncertainty <sec> new : gov . .  john hoeven praises volunteers for perseverance , resolve , determination .  helicopters , active-duty military sent to help prepare for possible flooding .  national weather service data says river will reach 42 feet on saturday .  fargo neighborhood evacuated after cracks found in leve .
 kendall jenner 's dress was doing a lot <sec> 18-year-old jenner wore a dress with double slits .  her pelvic bones were visible .  she tweeted , `` why do one split when you can do two ! .  ? .
 tropical storm chantal speeds toward caribbean <sec> new : chantal gains some strength as it heads for the caribbean .  new : puerto rico added to tropical storm warnings .  the storm is expected to cross the lesser antilles by tuesday .  up to 6 inches of rain is expected in some area .
 iranian professionals post public apology to baha'is <sec> iranian intellectuals publish letter of apology to members of the baha'i faith .  the apology details alleged offences by the government against them .  baha'i members say followers have been arrested , jailed for their fait .
 will castro win over latino skeptics ? <sec> ruben navarrette : san antonio mayor julian castro 's speech inspired , energized latinos .  he says the speech shined when castro talked about his family , culture and community .  but arrests of 10 latinos protesting obama immigration policies tarnished mood , he says .  he says latinos support obama , but their enthusiasm is waning over immigration recor .
 japanese pm slammed by wife in new book <sec> prime minister naoto kan ca n't cook or dress well , wife says .  she also questions his ability to govern .  nobuko kan says she ca n't give the leader a passing grade for speech delivery .  the marriage between the kans spans four decade .
 brooklyn kids give back in south africa <sec> thirty kids from bushwick , brooklyn , took part in `` journey for change '' .  malaak compton-rock spearheaded the mission to empower `` at-risk '' youth .  kids , ages 12 to 15 , volunteered to serve the impoverished , aids orphans .  kids were required to sign one-year contracts to become `` global ambassadors .
 3 slain students strived for a better world ( opinion ) <sec> three muslim students near campus of university of north carolina at chapel hill were shot .  mariem masmoudi : our prayers are with deah barakat , yusor mohammad , and razan mohammad abu-salh .
 new zealand 'roast busters ' alleged rape victim : i filed a complaint <sec> new zealand police backtrack on earlier claims they 'd received no formal complaints about `` roast busters '' .  they 've confirmed a 13-year-old girl made a video statement two years ago alleging she 'd been raped .  officers decided at the time there was not enough evidence to file charges against the boys .  alleged ringleaders have caused outrage with online boasts about raping drunk underage girl .
 protesters angry about police shooting shut down s.f . subway stop <sec> a group called `` no justice , no bart '' organizes a protest at a bart stop .  they are angry about a bart officer 's fatal july 3 shooting of 45-year-old charles hill .  no one has been charged in the shooting ; an `` independent auditor '' is investigatin .
 afghan-bound armored vehicles to be allowed through russia <sec> the afghan and russian foreign ministers are meeting in moscow .  the agreement extends to 'armored vehicles with anti-mine protection ' .  pakistan closed the route into afghanistan last month due to u.s. helicopter strike .
 netherlands , italy and france all claim away wins <sec> netherlands , italy and france all claim euro 2012 qualifying away wins on friday .  the dutch are the most impressive as they thump hungary 4-0 in group e match .  france win 2-0 in luxembourg while italy secure a tight 1-0 success in sloveni .
 chimp attack victim appeals for permission to sue connecticut <sec> charla nash presents a seven-minute video to connecticut state legislators .  she hopes they will allow her to proceed with a $ 150 million lawsuit against the state .  a spokesman for nash says state knew of chimp 's danger , did n't remove it from a home .  but `` we do not believe that the state is liable for ms. nash 's injuries , '' state official say .
 bo xilai 's son confident 'facts will speak for themselves ' in mother 's murder trial <sec> gu kailai is accused by chinese authorities of killing a british businessman .  her son , bo guagua , sent a statement to his mother 's defense team .  authorities say gu 's motive was her concern for bo 's personal safety .  bo guagua 's father , bo xilai , is a chinese politician with scandal of his ow .
 bindi irwin wants young girls to dress their age <sec> bindi irwin is the daughter of the late steve irwin .  she thinks girls are trying to dress older .  she says she has an old sou .
 box office report : 'the hobbit ' captures $ 73.6 million <sec> new film had a 13 percent drop from `` the hobbit : an unexpected journey '' .  disney 's animated musical `` frozen '' came in second place .  tyler perry 's latest 'madea ' film struggle .
 the secret life of julian assange <sec> stepfather described him as a `` sharp kid who always fought for the underdog '' .  assange 's mother bought him his first computer when he is 13 .  he became an expert hacker , keen on network security issues .  in 2006 , he created wikileaks , which posts leaked intelligence paper .
 georgia men defend bigfoot body claims <sec> north georgia men say they stumbled upon body while hiking in forest .  they also claim to have spotted three similar living creatures .  the body of the furry half man-half ape is 7 feet , 7 inches tall , they say .  men wo n't reveal bigfoot den 's location because they do n't want others disturbe .
 e-mails show gop circling palin in late 2008 <sec> new : palin documents show gop overtures in august 2008 .  new : e-mails reveal frustration with early ethics questions .  palin , aides express frustration with questions about children 's travel .  palin wanted to know about `` past administration 's dealing '' with scandal figur .
 police interview brad pitt 's bodyguard , search hollywood hills for more body parts <sec> new : dog walker who found the head first thought it was a hollywood prop .  head , feet and hands were hidden until wild animals found them , police say .  the body parts were found near the home of brad pitt .  police suspect the man was killed elsewhere and dumped near the secluded trai .
 mourinho angered by ibrahimovic decision <sec> jose mourinho angered by the decision to sell zlatan ibrahimovic to barcelona .  however , inter milan coach happy to welcome samuel eto'o to the italian club .  inter milan to receive 45 million euros ( $ 64m ) plus eto'o for swede ibrahimovi .
 ronaldo scores 4 as madrid thrash sevilla <sec> real run riot as ronaldo bags four goals to move ahead of lionel messi 's league goal tally .  madrid reduce deficit with barcelona to five points until sunday night at least .  win over espanyol at nou camp will restore barcelona 's eight-point cushio .
 the brooklyn man who wrote to gadhafi <sec> louis schlamowitz likes to correspond with world leaders .  among them were fidel castro , ayatollah khomeini and moammar gadhafi .  gadhafi 's death cast the spotlight on schlamowitz .  he has over 6,000 letters and autographed photos in his brooklyn apartmen .
 11 years after 9/11 : who are the terrorists ? <sec> in 11 years since september 11 , 2001 , sources of terror in u.s. have been diverse .  peter bergen : terrorists unaffiliated with jihadi groups have taken a toll .  he says law enforcement naturally focused on jihadi groups after 9/11 but should broaden scop .
 traditionalists set to split from episcopal church <sec> network of breakaway traditionalists expected to announce formation of rival province .  move comes after years of dispute over progressive direction of episcopal church .  tipping point for many was consecration of gay man as bishop of new hampshire .  new division expected to take in 100,000 from parishes that left episcopal churc .
 website maps 1.2 billion facebook faces <sec> new web page shows profile photos of 1.2 billion facebook users .  photos are arranged in chronological order by when the person joined facebook .  project was conceived by natalia rojas , a self-described `` creative technologist .
 olympics equestrian explainer : an exercise in restraint and excitement <sec> germany 's michael jung won gold in the individual eventing .  jung collected a second gold in the team eventing as germany claimed top spot .  dressage has roots in the military training of elite officers and their horses , dating back hundreds of years .  show jumping is one of the more dangerous olympic sports and it can also be one of the most excitin .
 extremists poison schoolgirls ' water , afghan officials say <sec> at least 140 afghan girls and female teachers were admitted to a local hospital .  their drinking water had been poisoned , health officials say .  no deaths have been reported .  in 2010 , more than 100 schoolgirls and teachers were sickened in similar poisoning .
 candid police chief 's comments spur viral facebook page <sec> the brimfield facebook page is the third most liked police page in the united states .  chief david oliver is n't shy about having little patience for `` mopes , '' or criminals .  criminal justice and sociological experts say his approach could have mixed result .
 congress passes reform on how military handles sexual assault cases <sec> new : obama tells military to `` step up their game '' or he 'll consider other measures .  changes to military law included in sweeping defense bill headed to president 's desk .  congress acted after report showed increase in military sexual assault complaints .  defense bill also includes compromise to let pentagon transfer guantanamo detainee .
 u.s. violent crime down for fifth straight year <sec> crime still falling from 1990s peak but decreasing at slower rate , expert said .  murder , rape , and robbery decline in 2011 , property crime hits nine-year low .  violent crime remains a problem in many urban areas , according to fbi statistics .  murders decline slightly year-over-year , but down sharply from a decade ag .
 four-goal bayern put out juventus <sec> bayern munich beat juventus 4-1 in turin to qualify in second from group a behind bordeaux .  juventus went into tuesday 's game in second place in the group but are eliminated .  manchester united top group b as michael owen scores hat-trick in 3-1 win at wolfsburg .  cska second in the group but facing uefa ban after positive dope test on two player .
 'mythical ' animal finally poses for camera <sec> african animal so elusive it was once believed to be mythical is photographed .  okapi is shy animal related to the giraffe , with zebra-like stripes on its rear .  animal is now known to live only in the democratic republic of the cong .
 suspect in girl 's disappearance spent time at her home , mother says <sec> amber white , 12 , was last seen sunday heading to her neighborhood pool .  police in shreveport , louisiana , have arrested two men in her disappearance .  one of the men knew white 's family and spent time at amber 's home , mom say .
 haiti food distribution network fully operational <sec> united nations , humanitarian agencies , haitian government sponsor program .  nearly 160,000 haitian women each collect 25-kilogram bag of rice thursday .  only women given food coupons and allowed to stand in line .  death toll at 212,000 , prime minister jean-max bellerive say .
 dad and daughter admit incest produced babies <sec> father and daughter reveal incest on australian television show .  couple have had two children , with one dying soon after birth .  judge bans couple from having sex to prevent another pregnanc .
 japanese soldier who refused to surrender for decades dies at 91 <sec> hiroo onoda would n't accept japan 's world war ii defeat until 1974 .  he stayed in the jungle on the philippines island where he had been deployed .  his former commanding officer had to travel to the island to persuade him to give up .  onoda died of pneumonia in a tokyo hospital thursday , a collegue say .
 torres finds form as chelsea romp to victory <sec> chelsea beat genk 5-0 in champions league e match at stamford bridge .  fernando torres scores twice in easy win as chelsea top group .  bayer leverksusen beat valencia 3-1 in other group e game .  aaron ramsey scores injury time winner for arsenal at marseill .
 sexist super bowl ads ? # notbuyingit , some say <sec> viewers use twitter hashtag # notbuyingit to call out what they saw as offensive tv spots .  godaddy 's ad featuring model kissing programmer biggest offender among hashtag users .  twitter campaign 's purpose to raise consumer awareness about purchasing power .  campaign highlights limited depiction of masculinity in super bowl ads , activist say .
 fda considers ban on menthol cigarette sales <sec> new : `` ethnicity does not play a role '' in marketing strategies , tobacco official says .  tobacco industry calls menthol cigarettes `` no more harmful than non-menthol cigarettes '' .  critics claim the menthol flavor makes them more addictive .  fda panel is hearing arguments from public health and tobacco industry official .
 'lost ' beatles track could finally be heard <sec> paul mccartney ponders releasing `` lost '' beatles track , `` carnival of light '' .  1967 recording long considered too experimental for mainstream audiences .  track has acquired mythical status among beatles fans .  track features discordant sound effects , church organ , gargling , shoutin .
 peaches geldof a relapsed addict before heroin overdose <sec> new : puncture marks found on peaches geldof 's arms and one hand , an inquest hears .  geldof had been addicted to heroin for a number of years but tried to give it up .  she had been on a methadone program , an inquest hears .  police found heroin in her home of a much greater purity than average found on the stree .
 rbs posts record $ 34 billion loss <sec> british banking group rbs posts huge losses for 2008 , totaling $ 34.7 billion .  results are worst in british corporate history .  rbs was one of three major banks british treasury pumped $ 63 billion int .
 search warrant details scene where bodies of florida teens found <sec> classmates and others in tampa mourn the two slain teens .  police probed alleged abuse involving julie schenecker in fall , records show .  a police spokeswoman says schenecker detailed a plan to kill her kids in writing .  police say schenecker admitted killing her children because they were `` mouthy .
 shadows are n't just for groundhogs <sec> ireporters capture their shadows for a one-day photo challenge .  punxsutawney phil misses his shadow on groundhog day .  staten island chuck also says spring is on the wa .
 nigerian unions accuse president of using 'thugs ' to quash protests <sec> unions : `` we call on nigerians to continue the strikes '' .  so far , strike-related clashes have left at least 16 dead .  `` revolution has come to nigeria and the youth will spearhead it , '' a local journalist says .  the government 's decision to end a subsidy has more than doubled fuel price .
 vitamin d may be essential for heart health <sec> study : low levels of vitamin d may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease .  about 30 to 50 pecent of americans do n't get enough vitamin d says study author .  sun in northern u.s. may not generate enough vitamin d during winter months .  more studies needed to pinpoint role of vitamin d and cardiovascular healt .
 cnn student news transcript : august 20 , 2007 <sec> catch up on some of the big news stories from the summer of 2007 .  find out how some u.s. officials are preparing for hurricane dean .  learn about relief efforts in peru following a deadly earthquak .
 alex rodriguez , one of baseball 's greats , hobbled by drug accusations <sec> alex rodriguez , 38 , is the son of dominican republican immigrant parents .  the three-time a.l . .  mvp and 14-time all-star is one of baseball 's greatest players .  with richest contract in sports history , a-rod is well-known for his romantic exploits .  he gives money to boys & girls clubs where he spent time as a boy of divorced parent .
 courtroom showdown set to begin over same-sex marriage <sec> trial focuses on constitutionality of ban on same-sex marriage .  it could become landmark case , like brown v. board of education .  lawyer for group behind prop 8 says issue should have ended when voters made choice .  lawyer for couples : `` the right to marry is a fundamental right in the united states .
 benitez double puts estudiantes in final <sec> leandro benitez scores both goals as estudiantes de la plata beat pohang steelers 2-1 .  the result puts the argentine side into the club world cup final where they face barcelona or atlante .  the south korean side finish with just eight men after having three players sent of .
 casey anthony 's lawyers return to court in civil case <sec> anthony 's attorneys invoked her fifth amendment rights 60 times in a previous hearing .  suit against anthony alleges she falsely accused gonzalez of kidnapping caylee .  lawyers will argue whether anthony should fully answer questions posed to he .
 cnn student news - march 25 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 why so many minds think alike <sec> new study looks at how people change opinions of the beauty of images .  brain imaging shows group opinion actually shifts perception in the brain .  solomon asch studied conformity in famous experiment in 1950s .  researcher : rethink committees that decide by unanimous consen .
 u.n. condemns thai court case against journalists over people trafficking report <sec> a defamation case against two journalists is proceeding in thailand .  the reporters cited a reuters ' report implicating authorities in human trafficking .  u.n. calls for the case to be dropped ; investigate abuses against rohingya migrants .  the case is set to proceed in court april 1 .
 searchers see no sign of missing cruise ship passenger <sec> passenger jennifer feitz , 33 , reported missing on norwegian pearl ship .  u.s. coast guard in search about 15 miles east of cancun , mexico .  cruise line says , `` initial reports indicate the guest may have gone overboard '' .  mexican government also is helping in the searc .
 kosovo 's pm fires back over stolen organs report <sec> prime minister hashim thaci says the report is `` pure fabrication '' .  it says authorities may have stolen organs from prisoners of war and political rivals .  european union officials have asked anyone with evidence of crimes to step forward .  `` kosovo is a story of success , '' thaci say .
 record heat , storms bring despair , 'horror ' <sec> new : an ohio man says he has never seen such winds and damage .  two boys , ages 7 and 2 , are killed while camping at a park in new jersey .  they 're among 13 killed in storms that left millions without power .  cooling stations open up and down the east coast due to extreme hea .
 senate control hinges on turnout <sec> tuesday 's election could determine senate control .  turnout will be key if democrats want to maintain their majority .  obama appealed to women during a trip to new englan .
 pakistani official says house bombing targeted him <sec> house blast in karachi kills seven people .  interior minister says people planned to attack him during court appearance .  suicide vests , hand grenades , ak-47s , ammunition found , police sa .
 tales of heroism abound from colorado movie theater tragedy <sec> three of the 12 killed died while shielding their girlfriends from gunfire .  `` he is a hero . .  and he was a hero before this , '' jonathan blunk 's girlfriend says .  stephanie davies stayed through gunfire to help a friend shot in the neck .  alex teves would miss sporting events to mentor kids without fathers , his friend say .
 ten ways to save on prescription drugs <sec> in 2007 , americans spent $ 287 billion on drugs , five times as much as in 1993 .  even consumers who have prescription drug insurance are affected .  study : 28 percent of americans have taken dangerous steps to cut cost of meds .  tell your doctor if you ca n't afford prescribed medication ; ask for generi .
 anti-semitic violence : we were warned about this <sec> frazier glenn cross was an adherent of odinism , a neo-pagan religion .  police say his son was killed in a 2008 shooting .  frazier glenn cross called `` perennial but peripheral figure '' in white supremacy movement .  cross is `` not your average hate offender , '' expert say .
 opinion : supreme court puts its legitimacy at risk <sec> poll finds public believes supreme court decides cases on political grounds .  eric segall says americans losing faith in the court because of its partisanship .  he says court should televise its proceedings and judges should n't have life tenure .  segall : extraordinary power of justices should be reined in by time limits , transparenc .
