 bush , cheney signal support for georgia <sec> new : bush says he was `` firm '' with putin and that the `` violence is unacceptable '' .  vice president dick cheney said russian aggression `` must not go unanswered '' .  violence has continued to rage between russia and western ally georgi .
 woman surrenders in black friday pepper spray incident <sec> the woman is n't charged yet because detectives are still investigating .  authorities are n't releasing her name .  ten black friday shoppers were pepper sprayed in a california walmar .
 infant remains found in backyard of long island home <sec> authorities went to check on the welfare of a 6-year-old child in farmingdale .  the child 's mother said another child had died , but his death was n't reported .  `` infant remains '' are found in the backyard of the home the couple share .
 'everybody 's fine ' drives home a wistful message about family <sec> `` everybody 's fine '' is targeted at `` pretty much everyone , '' director kirk jones told cnn .  story centers on a father 's journey as he seeks to reunite his kids for the holidays .  each stop reveals how his wife had sheltered him from bad news about his kids .  jones , who also wrote the screenplay , traveled the u.s. for inspiratio .
 hunched , scabby , warty : tracking the ugly 5 <sec> ugly five safaris track down wildebeests , marabou storks , hyenas , vultures , warthogs .  guided tours explore the wetlands and savannahs around botswana 's okavango river delta .  most of the animals ' ugliness is practical , according to guides , helping them catch or devour pre .
 why watson 's win does n't make humanity obsolete -- yet <sec> ibm 's watson computer does n't really `` think '' anything ; it struggles with simple questions .  most of the clues on `` jeopardy ! '' .  mention proper nouns -- specific places , events , people .  watson 's eventual commercial incarnation will be as a tool , not a human replacemen .
 robotic jellyfish could be undersea spy <sec> researchers develop a robotic jellyfish that could be used for undersea surveillance .  the robot has a white silicone covering that acts as a disguise .  it 's been developed by grad students at virginia tech 's college of engineering .  the robot is still years away from being deployed in the ocea .
 why obama should n't lead fight against gun violence <sec> david frum : what happens after the mourning is over ? .  he says a presidential-led effort on gun safety will likely fail for political reasons .  it would be better if campaign were modeled on madd , with victims ' families leading , he say .
 five americans in pakistani custody moved to lahore , police say <sec> suspected terrorist plotters were moved to a more secure location in lahore , police said .  the 5 u.s. citizens were arrested wednesday in the town of sargodha .  interrogation report focused on online postings and contacts of virginia-born suspect .  according to report , suspects planned with a contact to go from pakistan to afghanista .
 ecclestone : decision on bahrain grand prix before f1 season starts <sec> the postponed season-opening bahrain grand prix could take place at a later date .  formula one supremo bernie ecclestone has ruled out using a replacement venue .  ecclestone has suggested the race could take place during f1 's mid-season brea .
 the spirit of music : the science of pop <sec> barcelona company claims its software can tell if a song will be a pop hit .  hit song science analyzes song 's melody , harmony , tempo , beat .  software can not write hits , just predict whether they will find success .  company says a & r departments are using it to tweak tracks for the to .
 apple : update will fix mac 'flashback ' virus <sec> apple releases update to fix damage from the `` flashback '' malware .  security firm estimates up to 600,000 macs were infected by the trojan horse .  some complained apple took too long to address the problem .  flashback was discovered in september , disguised as a flash installe .
 what it takes to grow a massive prize-winning pumpkin <sec> scott armstrong tended to his pumpkin in his backyard .  the conditions have to be just right for a winner , he says .  the winning pumpkin is sitting in the back of his truc .
 football : messi hat-trick powers barca <sec> lionel messi scores hat-trick as barcelona thrash osasuna 8-0 .  defending spanish champions in stunning form in camp nou .  werder bremen draw to go top in german bundesliga .  cagliari early leaders in italy 's serie .
 berlusconi lawyer seeks probe of new angle in sex scandal <sec> berlusconi lawyer asks prosecutors to investigate an alleged attempt to make `` ruby '' seem older .  a birth registry official says italian men tried to bribe her , an italian newspaper reports .  berlusconi is accused of having sex with an underaged prostitute .  he denies i .
 u.s. officials to meet with myanmar opposition leader <sec> the u.s. special envoy and ambassador for human trafficking meet with suu kyi .  the delegation arrived in myanmar on monday .  it has met with top government official .
 timothy busfield , melissa gilbert say 'i do ' <sec> melissa gilbert married timothy busfield wednesday .  the couple had a private ceremony at san ysidro ranch in santa barbara .  gilbert and busfield reportedly got engaged over the holidays .  this is the third marriage for bot .
 did the tsarnaev brothers have help making bombs ? <sec> investigators have always wondered if more people were involved in the bombings than just the brothers .  former navy investigator : i think `` they had somebody who was more of a skilled bomb maker .. assist them '' .  there was no evidence the brothers ever tested their bombs before using them , cnn analyst say .
 opinion : corruption as china 's top priority <sec> new leader xi sees corruption as a threat to the party 's legitimacy .  wang qishan , chief of party 's anti-corruption body , will lead cleanup of government .  he has a record of handling debt crisis in guangdong , coverup of sars in beijing .  corruption has long been major public complain .
 vitamin e may protect lungs <sec> vittamin e can cut chronic obstructive pulmonary disease risk in smokers and nonsmokers .  copd includes emphysema and chronic bronchitis ; often , but not always , caused by smoking .  several studies have shown that vitamins a , c , e and d may help improve lung healt .
 japan 's new super luxury train cruise <sec> japan invested more than $ 34 million into seven stars train in kyushu island .  the exclusive luxury train has seven carriages for 30 guests in 14 suites .  kyushu , the most southwesterly of japan 's main islands , is the warmest and most tropically lush .  guests on three-night trips will sleep two nights on the train and one night at a hot springs resor .
 aaron hernandez prosecutors : nightclub bump led to double homicide <sec> two men were shot to death near a boston nightclub in 2012 .  prosecution : one victim bumped into hernandez at club , angering athlete .  hernandez pleads not guilty to murder charges .  his attorney objects to comments by prosecuto .
 world traveler leanne bearden killed herself , autopsy indicates <sec> leanne hecht bearden had recently returned to the u.s. after a 22-month global trek .  she was last seen january 17 , leaving her in-laws ' house in texas for a walk .  investigators believe she died shortly after leaving for that walk , police chief says .  a preliminary autopsy finds she died by `` asphyxiation by hanging .
 al qaeda hypocrisy muslim deaths <sec> dean obeidallah : al qaeda kills more muslims than non-muslims .  al qaeda and isis focused on power , not principles , he say .
 cnn fact check : obama on fuel economy : your mileage may vary <sec> obama administration issued new rules that would push automakers to make cars more fuel efficient .  automakers have until 2025 model year to hit goa .
 boys reunite with grandparents after alleged kidnapping by parents <sec> new : sheriff says parents `` did not participate '' as courts weighed child custody .  new : the person who sold a 25-boat to josh hakken later tipped off authorities .  the hakkens are accused of abducting their sons , sailing with them to cuba .  the two boys are back with the boys ' maternal grandparent .
 college student posts colorful creation <sec> david alvarez makes mosaic with more than 2,000 post-it notes .  mosaic on display at wenatchee valley college , washington .  artist wants to teach ar .
 sky joins bbc in refusing gaza aid appeal <sec> sky news said airing the appeal would compromise its reputation for fairness .  bbc refused to broadcast ad , saying it would compromise appearance of impartiality .  demonstrations against bbc decision took place in england and scotland .  uk charity group disasters emergency committee to launch appeal for gaza ai .
 assad : u.s. trying to destabilize syria <sec> new : al-assad says the u.s. is providing political support to `` terrorists '' .  new : at least 60 people were killed sunday , opposition group says .  kofi annan arrives in damascus for talks with the syrian president .  ban ki-moon elaborates on an idea to keep observers , but shift their wor .
 congolese doctor who helps rape victims wins eu prize <sec> denis mukwege thanks european parliament for spotlighting sexual violence .  he says the prize `` is a strong signal , telling the women they have not been abandoned '' .  the congolese doctor set up a hospital in 1998 to treat survivors of gang rape .  the sakharov prize is the top human rights award given by the european parliamen .
 navigation alert went out to pilots weeks before buffalo crash <sec> new : faa spokeswoman says it does n't appear issue was related to crash .  warning concerned runway 23 , the same one the crashed plane was lined up to use .  airline advised possibility of `` abrupt pitch up , slow airspeed , and approach to stall '' .  southwest airlines spokeswoman said earthen dam was interfering with signal .
 plan to retake mosul from isis emerges <sec> u.s. military official says there is a plan to retake mosul from isis .  mosul would be attacked by iraqi and pershmerga forces , officials said .  u.s. would only provide air support , no ground troops are planned , official said .  isis issues new propaganda video showing peaceful scenes in mosu .
 italian coast guard rescues ship carrying migrants <sec> rescuers are trying to restart the boat 's engines , the coast guard says .  the ship without any crew is carrying 450 migrants .  this is the second time this week the italian coast guard has rescued such a vesse .
 guatemala declares calamity as food crisis grows <sec> declaration will make it easier to get food to those in need , president says .  president alvaro colom says guatemala welcomes aid from international community .  guatemala has highest rate of malnutrition in latin america , u.n. says .  colom blames food problems on drought , global warming , economic crisi .
 europe to be obama 's first overseas trip <sec> the trip is scheduled from march 31-april 5 .  obama first heads to london , where he will attend a summit of world leaders .  he will also join nato meetings in france and germany .  his first trip outside the united states was to canada last mont .
 'groundbreaking ' number crunching found path of mh370 <sec> satellite experts use `` groundbreaking '' process to track flight 370 's final hours .  the malaysia airlines boeing 777 's last position was `` in the middle of the indian ocean , west of perth '' .  satellite official : hopefully , this will trigger a `` mandate that all aircraft should be constantly tracked .
 the hotel minibar is dying ; long live the nearby convenience store <sec> many hotel giants are phasing out minibars in rooms .  revenue from minibars in the united states fell 27 % in five years .  nearby convenience stores are now preferred by guest .
 apparently this matters : billionaire uses flip phone <sec> jerry jones , owner of the dallas cowboys , was spotted using a flip phone .  jones ' net worth is $ 3 billion .  price is n't much of a factor , but there are still reasons to own a flip phon .
 review : schwarzenegger indestructible in 'the last stand ' <sec> movie is schwarzenegger 's first starring role in eight years .  he plays border town sheriff ray owens .  it 's the first u.s. effort for director kim jee-woo .
 hong kong newspaper ad rails against chinese 'invasion ' <sec> hong kong residents fund newspaper ad against influx of pregnant mainland chinese women .  number of live births by mainland mothers in hong kong increased 52.3 % from 2006-2010 .  recent incidents suggest growing resentment against mainland chinese , branded `` locusts .
 it 's not enough to see the calorie count <sec> showing how much activity is required to burn off a beverage may help change behavior .  study authors tested this theory in six stores around baltimore .  they found activity info encouraged more teens to purchase water or diet sod .
 10 exciting global attractions opening in 2015 <sec> louvre abu dhabi is one of the most expensive cultural attractions ever conceived .  indonesia 's funtasy island will be the world 's largest eco-theme par .
 obama blames political impasse for continuing economic woes <sec> new : president obama says he is frustrated with congress .  new : obama urges people to tell congress to get to work .  unemployment benefit claims are down to a four-month low .  obama visits an advanced battery plant helped by stimulus funds .
 sources : white house told insurance execs to keep quiet on obamacare <sec> insurance company executives say they got calls from white house after speaking out .  a trade group leader says the obama administration `` is exerting massive pressure '' .  a white house spokesman calls the accusation `` preposterous and inaccurate .
 'maniac ' on trial for 49 murders <sec> alexander pichushkin confesses to most of the murders , unclear how many .  jury must decide whether 33-year-old supermarket worker is of sound mind .  killer lured victims by inviting them to drink vodka , then hammering them to death .  if convicted pichushkin would be russia 's most deadly serial killer since 199 .
 gwyneth paltrow will sing 'f -- - you ' on 'glee ' <sec> the song is going to be sanitized to `` forget you '' .  paltrow will be appearing on `` glee '' in two weeks , fox confirmed .  in `` country strong , '' paltrow sang four songs hersel .
 telling kids about bin laden 's death <sec> psychologist : age 7 is when to discuss tough things like bin laden 's death .  ask younger kids leading questions to find out if they 've heard talk about it .  keep discussions simple and reassuring ; bin laden was bad and was punished .  above all , emphasize that the grown-ups are in charge and that kids are saf .
 obama picks his communications team <sec> new : timothy geithner to be announced as treasury pick , ap reports .  robert gibbs , an obama campaign spokesman , will be press secretary .  ellen moran , emily 's list executive director , will be communications director .  dan pfeiffer named obama 's deputy communications directo .
 bride kidnapping in kyrgyzstan <sec> vice looks at the practice of bride kidnapping in kygyzstan .  men abduct women off the street and force them to be their wives .  the tradition accounts for nearly half of all marriages in parts of kyrgyzsta .
 lebanon : country profile <sec> country on eastern edge of mediterranean sea has a tumultuous recent history .  capital beirut was once known as 'paris of the east ' , city now renowned for nightlife and culture .  country has what is known as a 'confessional democracy ' developed after civil war from 1975 to 199 .
 commentary : is stock rally for real ? <sec> johnson , boone : stocks are rallying as if economy is out of the woods .  they say that 's premature , and we could be in for a long period of stagnation .  japan 's economy suffered for years from similar problems , they say .  johnson , boone : we have zombie banks and zombie companie .
 commentary : does obama care about new orleans ? <sec> harry shearer : there is much good news in new orleans , but still problems .  he notes report that corps of engineers levee design and construction led to breach .  shearer says there may be flaws with the army corps ' levee rebuilding .  he says obama is ignoring problem , as bush did previousl .
 'uncontacted tribe ' sighted in amazon <sec> the photos are published on the national indian foundation 's web site .  government : men appear strong and healthy , live in communal shelters .  `` uncontacted tribes '' are thought to have had no contact with outsider .
 obama 's first state dinner blends pageantry with politics <sec> new : obama toasts india prime minister , urges greater cooperation between two countries .  tuesday 's event is the first state dinner of obama administration .  state dinners are deemed one of the most treasured and formal honors .  menu includes greens from white house garden , honey from white house bee .
 fashion museums around the world <sec> museums around the globe offer year-round peeks into the history of high style .  museo salvatore ferragamo in florence , italy , specializes in shoes worn by the stars .  museo de la moda in santiago , chile , is the only fashion museum in south america .  tassen museum hendrikje in amsterdam holds 4,000 purses , trunks and accessorie .
 mount rainier search for writer called off <sec> karen sykes vanished wednesday while hiking with her partner .  a body was found in steep terrain in an area where search teams focused .  identity of body has not been establishe .
 peter kassig 's murder by isis shows weakness <sec> american hostage peter kassig beheaded by isis militants in new video released online .  gerges : kassig 's beheading reveals a terror group that is desperate and on the run .  gerges : american-led airstrikes are working and isis ' leaders are being driven underground .  gerges : sunni tribes that were loyal to isis are now peeling off amid the group 's ongoing brutalit .
 ohio killer dennis mcguire set to be executed by new 2-drug mix <sec> the two-drug combination has never before been used in a u.s. execution .  facing shortages , states are scrambling to find new drug protocols .  dennis mcguire was convicted of the aggravated murder of joy stewar .
 senators propose new iran sanctions bill ; white house opposed <sec> bipartisan proposal considers diplomatic effort under way around iran nuclear issue .  legislation would give president barack obama more time to pursue diplomacy .  sanctions would kick in early if iran violates current international nuclear deal .  the obama administration does n't want sanctions bill ; threatens vet .
 9/11 responders wait for compensation for their illnesses <sec> zadroga act set aside funds for those exposed to toxins while working at ground zero .  a decision on which types of cancer will be covered is expected soon .  retired officer ernie vallebuona was diagnosed with non-hodgkin 's lymphoma .  he says he 'll `` be a happy man '' if he can recoup co-payments , parking cost .
 elizabeth smart : kidnapper plotted for months , then came daily rapes <sec> brian david mitchell is accused of abducting then-14-year-old elizabeth smart in 2002 .  defense attorneys claim mitchell is insane .  `` it was indescribable fear , '' smart testifies of her nighttime abduction .  smart was held captive for nine month .
 'guardians of the galaxy ' is top movie of 2014 <sec> `` guardians of the galaxy '' is top grosser of 2014 .  it beat out `` captain america : the winter soldier '' .  summer ticket sales down 15 % from last yea .
 opinion : democrats lose on budget deal <sec> democrats and republicans reach a deal on the budget .  rick mcgahey , teresa ghilarducci : austerity in budget will hurt our economy .  they say president obama should not make cuts to programs like social security .  mcgahey , ghilarducci : taxing the wealthy would generate revenue and cut defici .
 man accused in death of adrian peterson son posts bail <sec> joseph robert patterson allegedly mortally assaulted the 2-year-old boy .  the victim lived with his mother , who was patterson 's girlfriend .  patterson posted a $ 2 million bond in south dakota , authorities say .  nfl star peterson faces charges of injury to a child in the spanking of another so .
