 do n't escalate a failing war <sec> u.s. , nato need to stop giving taliban reasons to recruit supporters , authors say .  wright and martin say economic aid and negotiations can succeed instead of troops .  allies should plan to withdraw troops but put pressure on for negotiations , they sa .
 panel calls for drastic steps to stop future deepwater oil spills <sec> new : halliburton says the report unfairly criticizes them .  government regulators were outmatched and underfunded , report says .  years of industry and government complacency is cite .
 baby snow leopard triplets debut in swiss zoo <sec> rare snow leopard triplets born eight weeks ago .  parents mayhan and pator were brought together in 2009 .  snow leopards are an endangered species in their natural habitat in the himalaya .
 rick perry on presidential bid : i was 'a bit arrogant ' <sec> gov . .  rick perry of texas says with 22 months of preparation , he 's ready for another bid .  voters will give him a chance to overcome 2012 campaign gaffes , perry believes .  he says impeachment should be off the table for the gop response to executive actio .
 venice comes alive as biennale takes over the city <sec> venice comes alive as the biennale takes over the city .  if you do n't have time to visit the giardini or national pavilions , check out the fantastic events outside the main programme .  anish kapoor and ai weiwei are among artists exhibiting across venic .
 singapore inquest finds u.s. engineer committed suicide <sec> new : u.s. embassy says the inquiry was `` comprehensive , fair , and transparent . '' .  the decision is unlikely to appease todd 's family .  family says todd had warned them his life was in danger .  coroner sides with the medical examiner 's assessmen .
 new atomic clock could be world 's most precise <sec> new study describes atomic clock with unprecedented precision .  clock is made with atoms of the element ytterbium .  device is at the national institute of standards and technology in colorado .  efforts are under way to make the technology small enough to send into spac .
 stranded teen sailor is 'safe and sound ' <sec> teen sailor should be back home in weeks .  abby says 'storms are part of the deal ' .  'i will never see my wild eyes again .
 feds : florida man wanted to attack nyc landmark but lacked funds , bombs <sec> raees alam qazi wanted to avenge deaths in afghanistan , drone attacks , prosecutors say .  qazi , 20 , allegedly considered attacks on wall street , times square , theaters .  he and two alleged co-conspirators were arrested in florid .
 survivors of haiti earthquake rebuilding on their own <sec> jean-fritznel st. claire and 3 friends clean up rubble of office building , load it into trucks .  informal rebuilding worries teams of engineers studying damage from earthquake .  engineer says many are using broken pieces of buildings as construction material .  `` these things can just collapse all over again , '' engineer jean-philippe simon say .
 new york health board approves ban on large sodas <sec> the proposal is meant to combat obesity and encourage residents to live healthier lifestyles .  critics have assailed the ban as `` misguided '' and `` arbitrary '' .  new york city spends $ 4 billion a year on medical care for overweight people , mayor says .  one in eight new yorkers suffer from diabetes , often linked to obesity , mayor note .
 indian economic growth slips to 6.1 % <sec> india 's weakening economy grew 6.1 per cent in the quarter to the end of december .  slowest in three years , deepening fears about the country 's growth prospect .
 kids speak out on election in ireport videos <sec> ireports show how interested young americans are in the campaign .  ireports range from serious issues to silly spoofs .  does your kid have something to say about the election ? .  tell us at ireport.co .
 christian finnegan : example of 'u.s . whiteness ' <sec> christian finnegan stars in the tbs comedy show , `` are we there yet ? '' .  finnegan used to keep up with pop culture as host of vh1 's `` best week ever '' .  his passion for politics led to appearances on keith olbermann 's sho .
 12 dead , dozens missing after bangladesh ferry capsizes <sec> a ferry carrying about 300 capsized in bangladesh .  at least 12 bodies have been recovered .  many are missing , officials sa .
 robert durst charged in handgun case <sec> durst , a convicted felon , charged with unlawful possession of a firearm .  he is accused of having a .38 caliber revolver and faces up to 10 years in priso .
 nigerian bombers blame u.n. for 'oppression ' of muslims <sec> boko haram calls u.n. `` a global partner in the oppression of believers '' .  a spokesman said a 27-year-old nigerian carried out friday 's bombing .  the blast in abuja killed 23 people and wounded more than 8 .
 transcript : edward kennedy 's dnc speech <sec> speech was his second time in public since undergoing surgery for a brain tumor .  he pledged to see barack obama to the white house .  `` i pledge to you that i will be there next january on the floor of the senate , '' he sai .
 cultural mix gives philippines art edge <sec> manila-based artists finding their feet on the international stage .  louie cordero 's visceral paintings and sculptures full of philippine culture .  unique mix of cultures and history creates diverse group of artists , says cordero .  international art collectors more open to philippine art , says head of hong kong art fai .
 pakistani politician khan gains momentum <sec> former cricket star holds rally in karachi ahead of 2013 elections .  imran khan promises widespread reforms in pakistan .  his party has not performed well in previous election .
 police eye porn suspect in child 's slaying <sec> jarred harrell , 24 , faces 29 counts of possessing of child pornography .  police want to question him the death of somer thompson , 7 .  police in florida have not said why they want to talk with harrell .  thompson was abducted in october ; her body was found in a georgia landfil .
 libya looms over gates ' latest trek <sec> robert gates recently completed a six-day trip abroad .  he is due to step down at some point this year .  he has served eight presidents over his caree .
 fbi agent arrested in pakistan released on bail <sec> the agent was released after paying about $ 10,000 in bail .  when arrested , he had bullets , small knives and a wrench .  u.s. , pakistan working to resolve the issue , state department spokeswoman say .
 did misunderstanding lead to horrific nigeria mob killings ? <sec> misunderstanding may have led to four nigerian students being killed by mob .  `` mob justice '' is reportedly how many disputes are resolved in africa 's most populous country .  rights group : nigerian authorities failing to crack down on culture of impunity .  police officer allegedly among the mob that killed the four student .
 cnn student news - may 13 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 an invisible threat to maternal and child health <sec> epa has proposed stricter ozone standards .  authors : new anti-pollution rules would bring ozone level standards in line with what science tells u .
 neon signs are dying , but our appreciation is n't <sec> neon lights are fading as cities ban signs and switch to cheaper leds .  new york , vancouver and hong kong are examples of where neon is disappearing quickly .  neon 's heyday in america was in the 1930s .  have a favorite neon sign we missed ? .  share your photos with cnn irepor .
 invincible frankel scores his perfect 10 <sec> frankel races to 10th win in 10 races with victory at newbury .  wins group one lockinge stakes by five lengths .  four-year-old colt rated one of the great racehorses of all time .  clamor for head to head with australian champion black cavia .
 sim van der ryn - pioneer of green architecture <sec> pioneer of sustainable architecture sim van der ryn talks to cnn about his work .  the bateson building in sacramento still regarded as an a icon of ecological design .  former chief architect for california worried that leed regulations are n't enoug .
 7,000 extra police deployed in , around afghan capital <sec> extra police deployed around kabul ahead of independence celebrations .  dozens of taliban militants killed sunday after convoy ambushed .  roadside bomb kills 10 afghan police officers in kandahar province .  official blames taliban and al qaeda associates for attack on polic .
 chelsea sign torres and luiz in frantic end to deadline day <sec> new : chelsea sign spain striker fernando torres from english rivals liverpool .  english clubs agree undisclosed fee which reportedly smashed british transfer record .  chelsea also sign brazil defender david luiz from portuguese club benfica .  liverpool complete club-record deal for newcastle 's england striker andy carrol .
 pakistan tears down bin laden compound <sec> official says demolition will demoralize bin laden sympathizers .  bin laden used the place as a hideout until his death .  authorities have cordoned off the compound , keeping residents at a distanc .
 libyan leader 's son proposes major reforms -- unless unrest continues <sec> new : witnesses report gunfire , masked men blasting pro-gadhafi music in tripoli .  new : death toll nationwide now up to at least 219 , medical sources say .  moammar gadhafi 's son says foreign media have overstated the violence in libya .  witnesses report that protesters aided by military have taken over benghaz .
 ferguson : we helped make it ( opinion ) <sec> john inazu : slogans like `` we are all columbine '' are n't true , nor is `` we are ferguson '' .  inazu : not all of us live in those circumstances , but we all made ferguson come into being .  he says we reinforce racial and class divisions that affect neighborhoods , schools .  inazu : we allow a system that disproportionately harms black men and neglects inequalit .
 johnson : isis has n't crossed border into u.s . <sec> homeland security secretary says isis fighters have n't crossed into the u.s . .  rep. duncan hunter claimed tuesday that at least 10 had crossed the southern border .  secretary jeh johnson calls those claims `` speculation and rumor .
 new trial ordered for pakistani doctor linked to cia 's bin laden hunt <sec> dr. shakil afridi 's conviction is overturned ; he will be held while awaiting retrial .  afridi was sentenced in 2012 to 33 years in prison .  he 's accused of working with the cia , using a vaccination program in hunt for bin laden .  hillary clinton had said afridi was instrumental in taking bin laden dow .
 thai court jails iranian pair over bomb plot <sec> iranians jailed over botched february 2012 bomb attack .  one man sentenced to life in prison , the other to 15 years jail .  saied moradi , 29 , lost both legs in the attack when he hurled a bomb at police .  israel says the failed bomb plot was aimed at its diplomats . .  iran denies involvemen .
 guinea-bissau 's acting president , prime minister arrested in military coup <sec> new : ban ki-moon and the white house both `` strongly '' condemn the coup .  a military spokesman says the acting president and prime minister are detained and well .  he says no one was hurt or killed , despite witness reports of gunfire and explosions .  a coup group says that guinea-bissau 's government signed secret deal with angol .
 bayern munich near bundesliga points record <sec> bayern munich maintain 20-point lead at top of bundesliga .  jupp heynckes side beat nuremburg 4-0 taking season tally to 78 points .  bayern need four more points to beat record set by borussia dortmund last season .  dortmund thrash greuther fuerth 6-1 to consolidate second place in tabl .
 obama : americans killed in afghan crash 'doing this nation proud ' <sec> helicopter crash victims `` gave their lives ... to protect ours , '' president says .  three dea personnel are among victims .  seven u.s. service members and three u.s. civilians killed in one crash .  four other u.s. service members killed when two copters collided monda .
 bodies of two foreigners found on libyan beach , officials say <sec> the bodies were discovered on tallil seyahi beach on the outskirts of sabratha , media officials say .  the two appeared to be having a picnic when they were shot , the sabratha media center said .  the bodies were found in a fairly remote area near a partially built resor .
 iran votes in first nationwide poll since 2009 protests <sec> many voters participate , but others sit it out , saying vote is `` rigged '' .  the parliamentary election features about 3,400 candidates vying for 290 seats .  mahmoud ahmadinejad 's 2009 re-election sent throngs to the streets over fraud allegations .  iran faces an escalating international outcry over its nuclear progra .
 cnn student news - october 22 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 fired air marshal loses battle in job fight <sec> air marshal robert maclean tipped the media off to a cutback in schedules .  he was fired after the tsa found out he was the one who leaked the information .  the merit board says the leak `` could have created a significant security risk '' .  maclean says he will appeal the decisio .
 hambycast : what iowa democrats do on a saturday night <sec> iowa democrats held their jefferson-jackson dinner last weekend .  the dinners are full of political pageantr .
 freed japanese journalist says taliban did n't kidnap him <sec> the japanese journalist says corrupt afghan soldiers abducted him .  kosuke tsuneoka posted his statements on his twitter account .  he says his abductors pretended to be taliban members .  tsuneoka was kidnapped in march and released saturda .
 adoptive parents sentenced in the rapes of their two children <sec> joseph and linda mayotte of massachusetts were convicted last month .  prosecutor says linda mayotte became pregnant by her adoptive son , who was 15 .  he faces 16 to 20 years in prison ; she faces 18 to 22 years .  now 21 , the adoptive son reportedly said in court : 'let them burn in hell .
 seattle 's self-styled superhero arrested <sec> phoenix jones , as he calls himself , says he jumped in to stop a fight .  the people he hit with pepper spray say they were dancing .  `` what is this , halloween ? '' .  a woman calls out to rubber-suited jones .  jones patrols the streets of seattle , often with a camera crew , looking for crim .
 bart reopens stations after protest threat fades <sec> new : trains are now running normally , bart says .  a bart official says the system was `` forced '' to act to protect passengers ' safety .  citing `` important issues , '' a spokesman says the fcc is probing cutting cell service .  the bay area rapid transit system 's action last week drew criticism , stirred an online attac .
 tweeter cleared of sending menacing airport threat <sec> paul chambers was originally fined â£385 ( $ 603 ) for sending a `` menacing tweet '' .  the case has highlighted the arguments about the limits of free speech on the internet .  the uk court ruled that the tweet was treated and addressed as if it was not a credible threat .  high profile comics sent messages supporting the chambers ' appea .
 tiananmen square : a watershed story for cnn <sec> the story `` put cnn on the map , '' said former beijing bureau chief mike chinoy .  reporters had flooded beijing to cover the visit of soviet leader mikhail gorbachev .  for the first time , a tv network beamed its own live pictures from china .  as protests grew , chinese authorities ordered cnn to stop transmittin .
 justin bieber 's monkey starts new life in german zoo <sec> justin bieber 's monkey , mally , confiscated by german officials , is now living in a zoo .  mally is being introduced to a family of fellow capuchin monkeys .  bieber had until may 7 to reclaim his pet with the right paperwork but did n't , the zoo says .  the singer wanted to take the monkey on his european tour but it was seized in munic .
 new orleans saints gm : never eavesdropped on foes <sec> mickey loomis denies he listened in on communications , or tried to .  authorities are looking into eavesdropping , wiretapping allegations .  the saints are already in hot water over their bounty program .  loomis said the saints have accepted penalties related to tha .
 suicide bombing kills 16 in iraqi town <sec> the attack occurred northeast of baghdad .  balad ruz is a mixed town of arab , kurd and turkmen resident .
 3 killed , 54 wounded in bomb blast on eve of pivotal iraq elections <sec> explosion near imam ali holy shrine kills 3 on day before parliamentary elections .  seats in the 325-member parliament are up for grabs .  elections were supposed to be in january but were delayed by political disagreements .  18.9 million people are eligible to vote , and will choose from about 6,200 candidate .
 new jersey gov . chris christie 's medical marijuana changes pass house <sec> changes to new jersey medical marijuana rules pass assembly .  rules on edible forms , doctor approval demanded by gov . .  chris christie passed senate .  legislation stemmed from parents ' effort to find treatment for daughter 's severe epileps .
 blasts may have struck prison of torture in syria <sec> new : at least 197 people reported dead in war-torn country on tuesday .  syrians : struck compound held detention place where people were tortured .  a jihadist group claims responsibility for the attack , which it says had three stages .  air force intelligence is an elite branch , close to the al-assad regime , an expert say .
 mortar shells hit damascus college ; deaths reported <sec> the death toll now stands at 10 , the government and an opposition group say .  more than 100 killed in warfare across syria on thursday , opposition group says .  many people are wounded in the shelling .  the former head of u.n. peacekeepers in syria suggests a no-fly zon .
 suarez accepts ban as cameron calls for action <sec> liverpool 's luis suarez will not appeal 10-match ban for biting branislav ivanovic .  the incident occurred during last sunday 's 2-2 drew between the two teams at anfield .  suarez was given a seven-match ban for biting while playing for ajax in 2010 .  british prime minister david cameron had called for tough actio .
 salmonella found on pepper ; fda strengthens warning <sec> new : discovery called a `` significant break '' in outbreak investigation .  strain is salmonella saintpaul , which has sickened hundreds recently .  cdc : pepper grown in mexico , but origin of bacteria uncertain .  bacteria were found at distribution center in mcallen , texa .
 judge deems virginia 's same-sex marriage ban unconstitutional <sec> new : the federal judge 's ruling is the latest in a series of such decisions .  new : legal officials in some states with same-sex marriage bans deem them indefensible .  judge : `` these laws deny plaintiffs their rights to due process and equal protection '' .  virginia 's new democratic leadership previously said it would n't defend the ba .
 more than 800 nyc rape cases reviewed for mistakes <sec> a review uncovers 26 cases where a technician allegedly failed to detect evidence .  ny 's city council speaker sets an emergency oversight hearing for january 22 .  the city 's medical examiner 's office says it 's `` reviewing and retesting everything .
 holocaust-denying bishop loses court battle <sec> bishop richard williamson loses bid to restrict access in germany to a tv interview .  he told swedish tv he did not believe there was a nazi plan to wipe out jews .  he wanted swedish tv to be banned from airing interview in germany or on internet .  holocaust denial is a crime in germany if the denial is publicized in german .
 baalbek , lebanon : where the roman ruins outstrip rome <sec> world 's biggest carved monolith found in lebanon -- beneath a rubbish heap .  temple of heliopolis was size of several football fields .  travelers have many sights entirely to themselve .
