 her umbrella clothes light up world <sec> broken umbrellas find second life at the hands of catherine charlot .  cocktail dresses , tote bags and more are created from umbrella material .  charlot hopes to make people 's lives `` a little bit better maybe .
 the state of nepal 's historic sites after major earthquake <sec> several of nepal 's best known landmarks have been destroyed by the earthquake of april 25 .  but outside the capital kathmandu there is hope that many have survive .
 soldiers just back from iraq get new orders : afghanistan <sec> some soldiers just back from iraq are heading to afghanistan , the military says .  the deployments are part of an overall u.s. exit strategy from afghanistan .  lots of details are unknown , one brigade tells its soldiers .  family members of those soldiers just back from iraq have mixed feeling .
 south african veteran faces showdown with oosthuizen and goosen <sec> tjaart van der walt catches louis oosthuzen at the top of the africa open leaderboard .  veteran south african cards eight-under 65 to join major winner on 21 under par .  former european tour no . .  1 retief goosen is a shot behind going into final round .  defending champion jonathan byrd claims a one-shot lead at pga tour 's opening even .
 lawyer : tom cruise , katie holmes divorcing <sec> holmes filed for divorce thursday from cruise , his lawyer says .  cruise 's publicist asks for privacy so couple can `` work this out '' .  `` tom is very sad about it and is concentrating on the kids , '' the lawyer says .  the two married in 2006 , seven months after their daughter , suri , was bor .
 israel slams reports of u.s. spying on prime minister <sec> nsa says it monitors other countries ' economic activities .  israel says spying on its officials is unacceptable .  u.s. has said it is reaching out to its allies .  president obama is reviewing recommendations for changes to surveillance procedure .
 sculptor shows softer side of formidable ferguson <sec> alex ferguson will be honored with a statue outside man utd 's stadium .  the nine-meter bronze sculpture will be unveiled on november 23 .  briton philip jackson is the artist commissioned to produce the artwork .  jackson has worked with united on two previous commission .
 drummer offers band aid to new orleans kids <sec> derrick tabb started the roots of music to help the city 's young people .  the program provides free instruments , instruction , tutoring and food .  students have marched in mardi gras parades , improved grades .  vote now for the cnn hero of the year at cnn.com/heroe .
 boko haram attack on chinese firm in cameroon ; soldier reported killed <sec> boko haram is behind the attack in cameroon , a u.s. official says .  french president françois hollande says a cameroonian soldier was killed .  one hurt , 10 missing after an attack against employees of a chinese firm in cameroon .  attack took place in a northern cameroon town regarded as a boko haram stronghol .
 nearly 300 elephants slain in cameroon for ivory , government minister confirms <sec> poachers are killing the elephants for their tusks .  the ivory is smuggled to markets in asia and europe , an animal welfare official says .  money from ivory sales buys arms for use in regional conflicts , the official say .
 strom thurmond 's secret biracial daughter dies at 87 <sec> essie mae washington-williams kept her father 's identity secret until his death .  `` i never wanted to do anything to harm him , '' she said .  thurmond fathered the child with a teenage black housekeeper in 1925 , family lawyer confirmed .  thurmond ran for president in 1948 on a segregationist platfor .
 dzeko breaks drought as man city beat blackburn ; zaragoza down almeria <sec> edin dzeko breaks his premier league duck as man city beat blackburn 1-0 .  bosnian striker had gone nine games with an english league goal .  city move clear of spurs in fourth while blackburn are deep in relegation trouble .  real zaragoza beat struggling almeria 1-0 in spain 's la lig .
 dad raped daughters for 27 years <sec> dad in uk sentenced to life in jail for subjecting daughters to rapes over 27 years .  rapes resulted in 19 pregnancies , nine births , seven children .  surviving children suffer genetic disorders .  judge questions why social workers , professionals did not find out about cas .
 health care 's big four issues : what the justices will tackle <sec> issue one : will those opposed to the law have to wait until 2014 to challenge it ? .  issue two : is the individual mandate requiring coverage constitutional ? .  issue three : if the mandate is struck down , does it sink the whole reform with it ? .  issue four : can states be forced by federal government to expand medicaid .
 oscar pistorius trial enters third wee ; gun dealer says he knew law <sec> new : dealer says pirstorius knew gun safety laws .  pistorius shot his girlfriend to death last year ; the question in court is whether it was intentional .  last week , former police colonel 's testimony did little to help prosecution case .  judge thokozile masipa will decide the verdict ; south africa does not have jury trials .
 u2 documentary shows band 's early struggles with 'achtung baby ' <sec> the film focuses on the tumultuous time in the band 's career 20 years ago .  there are sound-only interviews that guggenheim was able to draw from each band member .  there is a lot of levity too , including a satirical montage of bands that have implode .
 feds allow 60-day extension on pool-lift compliance <sec> law requires `` lifts '' or other means to make public pools accessible to disabled people .  confusion , fear of high costs , widespread closures emerged in recent months .  gop lawmakers called `` poolmaggedon '' an example of unwieldy government regulation .  dept . .  of justice says it will accept public comments on a possible six-month extensio .
 bobbi kristina 's brain damage said to be 'irreversible ' <sec> bobbi kristina brown has `` global and irreversible '' brain damage , her grandmother says .  `` we can only trust in god for a miracle at this time , '' cissy houston says .  bobby brown , her father , had said at a concert that she was `` awake .
 targeting heart health may improve sex life , too <sec> nearly 1 in 5 men in the u.s. has difficulty achieving or maintaining an erection .  erectile dysfunction is also a known harbinger of heart disease .  doctors should inform the public of this connection , researchers say .  exercise is key for heart health and blood vessel functio .
 armored truck drops more than $ 300,000 <sec> improperly secured brinks truck drops more than a dozen bags of money .  money ranged from coins to $ 100 bills .  two bags containing about $ 60,000 still missing .  brinks gives t-shirt , anniversary coin as rewar .
 extremists plotted attacks across europe , spanish paper says <sec> informant : terrorists planned to attack public transport systems in europe .  el pais said it had access to informant 's testimony to spanish officials .  10 suspects were arrested for allegedly plotting attacks .  informant : cell consisted of six suicide bomber .
 7.3 quake strikes off japan ; no tsunami threat <sec> japanese agency cancels tsunami warnings and advisories .  it says sea levels may rise , but does n't expect tsunami damage .  the quake struck early saturday about 200 miles east of japan 's main islan .
 apparently this matters : at concerts , put that cell phone down <sec> indie band yeah yeah yeahs asked fans to not use mobile devices .  jarrett bellini : you 're not preserving a memory .  who actually looks at old cell phone concert photos .
 airlines want tracking technology to prevent another mh370 <sec> aviation taskforce wants to ensure planes can not be `` lost '' in the future .  tracking , not data streaming , is the answer , says head of iata .  air france already uses technology to enable frequent tracking update .
 opinion : in his first year , why this pope has everyone talking <sec> dr. grazie pozo christie says everyone is talking about pope francis , all the time .  he has stirred hearts and minds of catholics and non-catholics , she says .  people are saying that `` we '' finally have a progressive pope .  she says pope francis wants catholics , bravely , out of their bunker .
 chris rock gets to the root of 'good hair ' <sec> chris rock examines world of black hair in new documentary .  daughter 's inquiry into why she did n't have good hair inspired project .  movie offers intimate look at rock , says executive producer nelson george .  rock on the documentary : `` it plays as funny as any movie i 've ever done .
 'star wars ' takes a break while harrison ford heals <sec> producers make `` adjustments '' because of harrison ford 's broken leg .  ford `` is doing well and is looking forward to returning to the set soon , '' producers say .  two `` young aspiring actors '' added after `` high and low '' search for `` undiscovered talent '' .  `` star wars : episode vii '' is still set to hit theaters on december 18 , 201 .
 tear gas fills ferguson 's streets again <sec> ferguson-florissant district pushes back the start of school .  `` we understand the anger ... that people want answers , '' police chief says .  officials decline to identify officer who shot the teen , citing safety concerns .  family 's attorney : police should be transparent , `` not try to sweep it under the rug .
 how to see your 2012 highlights on twitter <sec> new twitter tool lets users see their top tweets , interactions of 2012 .  `` my year on twitter '' was created by vizify for the site 's year-end roundup .  president obama 's `` four more years '' tweet was the site 's most-shared in its history .  pope , pele and betty white are among the celebrities who joined twitter in 201 .
 paper : surveillance video shows tucson attack <sec> new : video shows the congresswoman was shot first , sources tell the washington post .  new : the judge died trying to protect another victim , the sources say .  new : u.s. rep. mccarthy introduce legislation banning large-round magazines .  mccarthy 's husband was killed by a gunman on the long island railroad in 199 .
 contador blames positive dope test on bad meat <sec> new tour de france runner-up andy schleck hopes contador can prove his innocence .  alberto contador rejects claims he took a banned substance .  daniel friebe , features editor of pro cycling , says the case is not like other scandals .  the tour de france champion tested positive on 21 july , during the rac .
 obama 's health care message hard to control online <sec> some say the obama administration may be losing its internet savvy .  others argue that more interest groups are online now , resulting in more noise .  author says health care is first policy issue to be debated online in big way .  journalist says more information is better , but that people should check fact .
 teachers with guns is a crazy idea <sec> lz granderson : texas governor perry among those ok with concealed weapons in schools .  granderson commends michigan gov . .  rick snyder for vetoing concealed weapons bill .  a school official trying to take out a gunman more likely to hit kids or be killed , he says .  granderson : trained police end up killing people by accident all the tim .
 'two and a half men ' star apologizes for offending cast and crew <sec> angus t. jones says he never intended to disrespect his colleagues .  jones , 19 , says the sitcom 's crew and cast are an extension of his family .  charlie sheen : jones ' `` meltdown '' shows `` the show is cursed '' .  in an online video , jones calls the sitcom `` filth '' and asks viewers not to watch i .
 french open finalist david ferrer calls time on longtime coach <sec> french open finalist david ferrer splits with longtime coach javier piles .  the spanish world no . .  3 will now work with jose altur .  piles had been ferrer 's coach since he turned professional in 2000 .  last week world no.2 novak djokovic hired boris becke .
 will 401 ( k ) plans keep getting worse ? <sec> ibm said it would contribute once every december to its employees ' 401 ( k ) plans .  teresa ghilarducci : this type of payment benefits the company rather than workers .  she says relative to other companies , ibm actually has a good retirement plan .  ghilarducci : most companies are reducing retirement benefits ; workers los .
 principal transforms ailing school into one of nation 's best <sec> fannie sebolela is the principal of a primary school in s. africa 's soshanguve township .  he has turned the once ailing school into an institution that is now the pride of the region .  he is effective in striking business partnerships to support is initiatives .  sebolela 's remarkable work has been recognized with several award .
 zuma : world cup is uniting south africa <sec> south african president jacob zuma insists the world cup is uniting the nation .  zuma says the national pride on show is of `` priceless benefit '' .  the world cup begins on friday when south african play mexico .  zuma says he hopes former president nelson mandela will attend the world cu .
 golf fans jostle for a glimpse of tiger 's return <sec> fans jostle for a view of their hero on tiger 's return to competitive golf .  woods has been out of the game for eight months after a knee injury .  snell : `` the woods 'wow factor ' is still very much alive and kicking .
 barcelona 's week goes from bad to worse with league loss <sec> after exiting in the champions league quarterfinals , barcelona loses in la liga .  barca beaten by relegation threatened granada 1-0 on the road on saturday .  real madrid takes over second spot from barcelona , downing almeria 4-0 .  in germany , bayern munich is humbled 3-0 at home by borussia dortmun .
 protests planned for bush , clinton event in canada <sec> protests are expected at a vancouver event with bush and clinton .  amnesty international wants bush arrested for war crimes .  the royal canadian mounted police is ready for clashes .  the ex-presidents plan to speak at an economic summi .
 warship sunk off florida to create artificial reef <sec> a decommissioned u.s. navy warship was intentionally sunk off the florida keys .  the usns vandenberg will become the world 's second-largest artificial reef .  the sunken ship will create a long-term habitat for scores of marine fish species .  the ship was built in 1943 and commissioned as a wwii troop transport shi .
 win puts arsenal top of premier league <sec> arsenal came back from two goals down to claim a 4-2 victory over bolton at the emirates stadium which saw go top of the premier league . .  liverpool produced a defiant performance to help ease the pressure on rafael benitez with a 2-0 victory over tottenham hotspur . .  aston villa beat blackburn rovers 6-4 in a thrilling english league cup semifinal second leg tie to go through 7-4 on aggregate .
 bus crash kills 26 pilgrims in france <sec> french police say 26 people killed in bus crash near grenoble .  bus carrying polish pilgrims when it crashed near southeastern french city .  accident happened as the coach was descending a steep incline .  it left the road , fell into a ravine and burst into flame .
 twitter launches emergency notification service <sec> company announces twitter alerts service .  emergency messages will go directly to phone .
 hoffa case : soil results no guarantee of search 's end <sec> new : tests results on soil samples are expected back tuesday , a police chief says .  the two soil samples were taken from a michigan home last week .  a tipster said he saw a body buried there a day after jimmy hoffa went missing .  the union leader 's disappearance 35 years ago captured the public 's imaginatio .
 food 101 : seeking clues in the kitchen <sec> ushered by jamie oliver and others , there 's a push to get americans back into the kitchen .  a lot of 20- and 30-somethings have no idea how to cook .  food experts : restaurants , processed foods took a toll on home cooking .  food shows and food blogging have become popular in the past decad .
 jet fighters divert three camp david airspace violators over weekend <sec> norad scrambles jet fighters twice on saturday , once on sunday .  the security zone is expanded when president obama is at camp davi .
 al gore backs obama for president <sec> in front of thousands of cheering supporters , gore made his '08 election debut .  gore : america can not withstand another four years like the previous eight .  the nobel prize winner drew a connection between jfk and obama .  gore 's support carries significant weight , analysts sa .
 libya expels syrian diplomatic mission <sec> the syrian staff were told to leave within 72 hours .  libya says the reason is syria 's position toward its people .  other nations have also expelled syrian diplomat .
 lagos photo festival puts mega city in the spotlight <sec> lagosphoto festival is underway .  this year 's theme is `` the megacity and the non-city '' .  the festival features more than 50 photographers and artists spanning 15 countries .  it also introduces the global premiere of samuel fosso 's latest photographic serie .
 wh : levinson not a government employee when he went missing in iran <sec> reports surface bob levinson worked for the cia in iran when he disappeared in 2007 .  family lawyer tells cnn about levinson 's apparent cia connection .  the white house says levinson was n't a government employee when he went missing .  u.s. officials say they have no information on levinson 's whereabout .
 actress elizabeth peña 's death linked to alcohol abuse <sec> alcoholism was a cause in peña death , according to death certificate .  55-year-old actress died october 14 in los angeles .  peña known for roles in film and television , including `` modern family '' .  cardiopulmonary arrest and acute gastrointestinal bleeding also caused her deat .
 green beret accused of trying to carry explosives onto plane is released on bail <sec> trey atwater out on a $ 50,000 bond , in supervisor 's custody at fort bragg , north carolina .  judge : he ca n't have guns , ca n't drink , must have mental health test , must give up passport .  atwater arrested saturday after c-4 found in carry-on at midland international airport in texas .  court document says smoke grenade also found in his bag in north carolina on christmas ev .
 gop senator wants sanford to be impeached <sec> state sen. david thomas says south carolina governor violated finance regulations .  sanford took flights to england , china that cost state $ 13,700 extra , thomas says .  thomas says violations are enough to trigger impeachment proceedings .  republican governor has been under fire since confessing to extramarital affai .
 military chiefs warn forced budget cuts undermine security <sec> army chief says sequestration cuts threaten combat readiness .  the house armed services committee looks at forced spending cuts .  wednesday 's hearing comes as congress faces another budget showdow .
 u.s. nuclear reactors are safe <sec> marvin fertel : after fukushima , industry has made sure u.s. nuclear reactors are safe .  fertel : nuclear power provides 20 % of u.s. electricity ; industry has its own watchdog agency .  nuclear energy industry working with the nuclear regulatory commission on safety , he says .  fertel : companies buying more equipment for safety in extreme circumstance .
 dozens killed as international pressure mounts on yemen <sec> new : monday 's death toll up to 31 , including 28 in sanaa , medical officials say .  `` yemen is on a knife edge , '' an amnesty international official says .  the yemeni government says gangs and al qaeda snipers attacked the capital .  a youtube video purports to show a 10-month-old baby shot in the forehea .
 former nuclear testing tower demolished in nevada desert <sec> bren was the tallest free-standing structure west of the mississippi river .  tower was used to estimate radiation doses received by wwii nuke survivors .  bren was last used for research in 199 .
 angerer 's penalty heroics help germany secure euro 2013 <sec> germany win euro 2013 women 's championship .  beat norway 1-0 for sixth straight title .  german goalkeeper nadine angerer saves two norwegian penalties .  anja mittag scores only goal of the match in the second hal .
 tornado hits kentucky factory ; parts of south on alert <sec> new : tornado watches in effect in large swath of deep south , including atlanta .  new : three possible tornadoes reported in western tennessee .  storms strike parts of kentucky , arkansas and tennessee .  manufacturing plant collapses in kentucky , injuring seven peopl .
 obama should embrace nuclear energy ( opinion ) <sec> u.s. sen. jim inhofe : nuclear is our largest source of carbon-free energy , generating over 60 % of our carbon-free electricity .  so why does n't the president 's climate plan , allegedly aimed at reducing carbon emissions , do more with nuclear power .
 pink to make acting debut as a sex addict <sec> pink is honing her acting chops to star as free-spirited sex addict .  her character shares a bond with `` book of mormon '' 's josh gad .  `` [ pink ] could not be a more ideal fit , '' stuart blumberg sai .
 florence + the machine video , 'pitch perfect 2 ' will make your day <sec> florence and the machine have new music out .  the official `` pitch perfect 2 '' trailer has also arrived .  a russian ballet dancer interprets `` take me to church .
