 oracle racing catamaran capsizes in san francisco bay <sec> oracle says one crewman suffered minor injuries .  coutts : these boats `` test the best sailors in the world '' .  oracle is trying to attract more interest in sailing in the united state .
 u.n. : zimbabwe cholera deaths nearly 1,000 <sec> new : u.n. : cholera deaths approach 1000 in zimbabwe .  zimbabwe information minister says uk responsible for cholera outbreak .  he accuses cnn , bbc , other networks of falsifying news report .
 suspect , victim die in texas transit shooting <sec> victim dies in richardson , texas , shooting .  man trying to board a bus begins shooting at transit officer .  shooting suspect found dead in vacant building after shootout with polic .
 ivory coast struggles to regain stability under new leader <sec> new : obama calls president alassane ouattara .  eu announces recovery package for ivory coast .  military leaders pledge support for ouattara .  laurent gbagbo rejected immunity , influence and a university position , a source say .
 north korea 's military aging but sizable <sec> a massive military parade in october gave a rare window on north korea 's hardware .  its nuclear capability and ballistic missile technology are its trump card .  most analysts doubt north korea would want to launch a direct assault on the south .  but recent developments show it has enough in its arsenal to cause damage and deat .
 in the land of machismo , a woman aims for the presidency <sec> josefina vazquez mota wants to be the next mexican president .  the 51-year-old has worked for two presidents , been a member of congress twice .  she is trained as an economist , is a businesswoman and conservative politicia .
 a scarred society healed by soccer ? <sec> the fifa world cup is bridging traditional racial divides in south africa .  many south african whites are attending football matches -- traditionally a `` black '' sport .  racial unity allays fears recent killing of eugene terreblanche would rekindle clashe .
 17-year-old among victims in juarez shootout <sec> new : gunmen may be drug dealers retaliating several recent arrests , police say .  six police officers , one civilian killed friday in noon shootout in ciudad juarez , mexico .  five of the dead were federal police officers , one was a female city officer , mayor says .  two officers , one civilian wounde .
 report : newark airport screeners targeted mexicans and dominicans <sec> star-ledger : a federal report says some tsa officers were known as `` mexican hunters '' .  an inquiry focused on behavior detection officers at the newark airport , the newspaper says .  the tsa says it does not permit racial profile and its policies were `` overstepped '' .  the legal director of new jersey 's aclu calls the report `` alarming and astounding .
 obama denies deceiving voters on obamacare - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama : administration was transparent with voters in obamacare debate .  obama says comments made by jim gruber are `` no reflection on the actual process that was run '' .  other democrats are also distancing themselves from gruber 's remark .
 out-of-the-box shelter solutions <sec> ireporters find personal ways to fight homelessness .  building a portable shelter is how two ireporters tackled the problem .  one ireporter offers free legal advice to help those in foreclosure from becoming homeles .
 ukraine : we destroyed much of russian military convoy <sec> new : foreign ministers from russia , ukraine , germany , france to meet sunday .  ukraine says it destroyed part of russian military convoy that crossed border .  british media outlets report they saw military vehicles cross from russia into ukraine .  ukrainian border guards are examining russian aid trucks at a checkpoint , authorities sa .
 iranian hostage crisis figure seeks u.n. credentials <sec> member of group who seized american hostages in 1979 now a diplomat .  hamid aboutalebi named as iran 's next ambassador to the united nations .  the state department has not responded to his visa application .  he 's a veteran diplomat who has served in posts in europ .
 u.s. boosts humanitarian aid to syria <sec> the white house warns of a `` dire '' situation for syrian civilians .  up to 1.5 million are in need of aid , the u.n. estimates .  obama also has ok 'd covert , nonlethal support for syrian rebels , officials sa .
 brooklyn subway stop named for british bank <sec> basketball arena developer pays $ 200,000 a year for 20 years for rights .  atlantic avenue-pacific street station is second busiest in brooklyn .  riders express disappointment at `` branding '' of subway sto .
 jury shown forensic evidence in chandra levy trial <sec> new : the suspect 's landlord describes a history of domestic violence .  police show photograph of crime scene ; audio played of 911 call .  levy 's mother avoids looking at images of the young woman 's remains .  defendant ingmar guandique is fighting charges of murder for the intern 's deat .
 michael jackson : the world pays tribute to king of pop <sec> fans across the world remark on jackson 's music .  postings on twitter express concern jackson will overshadow iran .  `` i remember growing up in the middle east ... waiting for his albums , '' ireporter says .  chinese netizens set up web site memorial for jackso .
 cnn express bus seeks out innovators <sec> cnn express bus tells stories of people who evolve and innovate amid hard times .  america is filled with workers who find ways to succeed and have lessons to share .  first stop , texas : area from austin to san antonio may lead the way out of recessio .
 farnborough airshow : airbus unveils revamped a330 <sec> airbus is launching the a330neo range , a revamped version of its successful a330 models .  the company made the announcement at farnborough international airshow .  airbus ' new wide-body planes will compete with boeing 's dreamliner 78 .
 doctor 's husband arrested in connection with her death <sec> autumn klein , 41 , a physician , died on april 20 .  the cause of death was cyanide poisoning .  her husband is a professor of neurological surgery at the university of pittsburg .
 opinion : how mlk ad helped define free press <sec> nicolaus mills : landmark new york times v. sullivan case rooted in civil rights movement .  he says supreme court 's decision upholding press freedom echoes for cases today .  he says challenge was over an ad in raising money for defense of mlk in the south .  mills : ad had errors ; court held public officials could n't collect damages if there was no malic .
 anti-semitic chanting mars lazio 's home draw against tottenham hotspur <sec> anti-semitic chanting reported at lazio home match against tottenham hotspur .  lazio also unveiled `` free palestine '' banner during the 0-0 draw .  rome police have made two arrests over pre-match incidents in italian capital .  lazio qualify for knockout stages of europa league after dra .
 duke energy faces big fines in spills <sec> federal government files criminal charges against duke energy over coal ash spill .  the company says it has agreed to a settlement calling for $ 102 million in payment .
 two suspected robbers dead in n.c. after shootout with police <sec> police say three men robbed a pizza hut in wilmington , north carolina .  there was a shootout between the suspects and police .  two suspects died and a third is injure .
 oil to flow again through trans alaska pipeline <sec> a leak is found in a booster pump building .  the pipeline will start pumping at a reduced rate .  the trans alaska pipline is about 800 miles lon .
 gamcheon : is this asia 's artsiest town ? <sec> unusual art pops up in unexpected places throughout busan 's gamcheon village .  in 2009 , artists and students were invited to decorate the houses and streets .  pastel homes and public buildings have historic roots .  village is the headquarters of the taegeukdo religio .
 opinion : the gop has n't learned a thing from its autopsy report <sec> a year after the gop 's `` self-reflection , '' donna brazile says it does n't appear they get it .  all the gop has offered is simply a change in tactics , she says .  brazile thinks they still do n't get women , minorities and push an agenda that divides americans .  in other words , she argues , the gop 's philosophy has n't change .
 twitter must identify racist , anti-semitic posters , french court says <sec> twitter must identify posters of hate speech , french judge says .  the site has been home of multiple racist , homophobic and anti-semitic trends in french .  twitter already agreed to remove some offensive french tweets .  site must comply or pay $ 1,336 a day , judge rule .
 ask the card-carrying socialists : is obama one of them ? <sec> obama has been called a socialist but what do actual socialists say ? .  socialist leader : obama is n't even a liberal .  socialists say many americans already accept socialism .  tea party member : obama wants to spread the wealt .
 ex-scout tells of abuse at hands of tv presenter jimmy savile <sec> jimmy savile was a hugely popular television and radio host in the uk .  since his death in 2011 , he has been accused of dozens of counts of child abuse .  kevin cook says he was abused by savile when he appeared on his show in 1974 .  the allegations are the subject of investigations by the police and the bb .
 football star , 17 , slain before he could answer gang <sec> new : arrest made in killing of jamiel shaw , athlete killed outside his l.a. home .  police : gang members had asked him if we was in a gang .  shaw did n't have time to tell them `` no , '' according to police .  his mother was on duty in iraq when she got the new .
 iphone 5 : the wait is over <sec> `` it 's almost like a festival , '' one customer in tokyo says .  customers who camped out overnight in sydney cheer as doors open .  iphone 5 went on sale at 8 a.m. friday in nine countries .  it 's the newest version of iphone line that has sold 244 million units since 200 .
 saudi airstrikes destroy houthi targets in yemen <sec> after calling off its air campaign , saudi arabia resumes airstrikes in yemen .  no casualties are reported , but 3 houthi military compounds were destroyed .  saudi airstrikes resumed after rebel forces attacked a yemeni military brigad .
 blogging begins turnaround for homeless woman <sec> 24-year-old went from being executive assistant to homelessness after layoff .  karp lived in walmart parking lot , and her blog started grabbing attention .  elle columnist : `` i 'm excited for her future '' .  karp hopes blog will educate people about homelessnes .
 italian cup final marred by violence <sec> napoli beat fiorentina 3-1 in italian cup final .  kick off was delayed after pre-match violence .  three napoli fans shot and one remains in critical condition .  barcelona held 2-2 by getafe in la liga to hit title hope .
 'get smart ' gadgets actually exist <sec> new film `` get smart '' comes to the big screen next week .  co-writer says the film exaggerates many gadgets that can be bought online .  the original tv show debuted in 1965 , when the nation was `` future-focused '' .  tv historian says the show was a satire of america 's fixation with gadget .
 hoboken mayor : 'i did n't think anyone would believe me ' about christie <sec> hoboken mayor says threat delivered by lieutenant governor came from christie .  she meets with the u.s. attorney 's office at its request .  christie team denies funds were held hostage for backing of redevelopment projec .
 google voice opens to all , no longer invite-only <sec> an invitation from a current user used to be required before you could sign up .  voice provides a single number that directs calls to your cell , home and work phone .  it can transcribe voicemail and has free conference calling , outbound calls and screenin .
 pattie boyd -- ex-beatle and clapton wife -- looks back <sec> pattie boyd 's photographs capture a rare intimacy and casualness of former husbands george harrison and eric clapton .  some of the photographs only recently turned up , says boyd .  boyd 's photographs went on display at the san francisco art exchang .
 u.s. hard-liners missing point on iran ( opinion ) <sec> november 24 is the deadline for reaching deal over iran 's nuclear program .  u.s. policy makers are focusing too much on the mechanics , says daniel brumberg .  failure to reach a deal will bolster hard-liners in iran , brumberg say .
 quake kills 34 , injures 80 in pakistan , sources say <sec> new : 34 people dead ; 80 injured in pakistan , sources say .  new : army doctors and frontier corps forces working rescue efforts in mashakel .  six people dead and more than a dozen hurt in balochistan province , pakistani official says .  the usgs revises the quake 's depth to 50 miles , from initial calculation of 9.3 mile .
 oil-cleanup workers may face lung trouble <sec> workers exposed to spilled oil may be at long-term risk for breathing trouble .  doctors should be on the lookout for respiratory problems in the gulf of mexico workers .  the gulf worker study will investigate the deepwater horizon spil .
 french engineer kidnapped in nigeria is freed <sec> francis collomp was kidnapped in december .  the french president 's office did not offer additional informatio .
 al qaeda no . 2 : sudan 's president pandered to west <sec> ayman al-zawahiri says he is not defending sudanese regime , actions in darfur .  president omar hassan al-bashir accused of war crimes , crimes against humanity .  al-zawahiri says sudan expelled osama bin laden , other mujahedeen .  he further asks why u.n. cares so much about darfur , so little about gaz .
 boston 's top cop asked if bombing was preventable <sec> congressman : `` boston bombers may have succeeded because our system failed '' .  `` the truth of the matter is nobody bats a thousand , '' boston top cop says . .  boston police commissioner advocates more cameras to defend `` soft '' targets .  police `` almost exclusively '' relied on businesses to provide video surveillance , he say .
 japan : false thermometer may be behind high readings <sec> tepco says a faulty temperature gauge may be behind higher readings .  temperatures in unit 2 at the fukushima plant have been steadily rising .  the plant was declared to be in `` cold shutdown '' on december 16 .  earthquake and tsunami caused nuclear chaos in japan last marc .
 obama hits road to deal with pair of global crises <sec> obama hits road tuesday for briefings at cdc and centcom .  white house facing unconnected ebola and isis crises .  if left unattended , both could present risks to u.s. homelan .
 opinion : how sex stereotypes harm girls <sec> david perry : at preschool , daughter named best dressed ; prizes ran along gender lines .  he says gender stereotyping starts with the way we talk to girls as babies .  he says disney princesses , sexy clothes , dolls point girls at sexual subjugation , weakness .  perry : resist stereotypes , arm girls to question and change patriarchal cultur .
 train like a lady lumberjack <sec> shana verstegen is a lumberjack champion and ace-certified personal trainer .  verstegen competes in the logrolling and boom run events .  `` it sounds absolutely silly , but it 's a serious sport , '' verstegen say .
 fbi : nationwide child prostitution sweep leads to 104 arrests , 79 children rescued <sec> operation cross country 6 took place from friday through sunday .  the nationwide sweep involved more than 2,500 officers working in 57 cities .  children rescued from prostitution operations ranged in age from 13 to 17 .  children 's advocate : at least 100,000 american kids get lured into prostitution every yea .
 godfather swaps guns for golf at pebble beach pro-am <sec> actor andy garcia will be among the celebrities at the pebble beach pro-am .  the annual pga tour event in california pairs celebrities with professional golfers .  the tournament was started by bop hope in 1937 and has raised $ 85 million for charity .  american dustin johnson has won the event the last two years in a ro .
 seventeen magazine vows not to alter images , to 'celebrate every kind of beauty ' <sec> seventeen publishes a `` body peace treaty '' vowing to show `` real girls and models '' .  it 's in response to a teen-led petition signed by 84,000 calling photo altering dangerous .  the teen behind that petition celebrates a `` huge victory '' after the magazine 's announcement .  but an ex-model questions why the magazine did n't admit to ever seriously altering image .
 5 things to know about washington 's cherry blossoms <sec> the national cherry blossom festival starts march 20 in washington .  peak bloom is expected in mid-apri .
 can google+ beat facebook ? that 's the wrong question <sec> facebook is the champion of social networking , with more than 800 million active users .  facebook 's launch of the `` subscribe '' button puts google+ and twitter at a disadvantage .  the real value of google+ is a very small feature indeed : the +1 button .  mobile operating systems and app stores are perhaps a bigger opportunity than the social tren .
 couple and 5 children killed in rural alabama plane crash <sec> new : ntsb : the investigation will take a `` long time '' due to the location of the wreck .  a small plane experienced engine trouble near demopolis , alabama .  faa official : all seven family members on board died .  the cessna aircraft crashed about 2 miles short of a runwa .
 westboro church founder fred phelps dies <sec> church spokesman says phelps died late wednesday of natural causes .  phelps founded westboro baptist church in topeka , kansas .  the church is known for its virulently anti-gay protests , including at military funeral .
 car bombs kill at least 17 in baghdad <sec> new : at least 110 are wounded in bombings , police say .  police officers were among the casualties .  attacks come a week after the deadliest day this year in iraq .  three people stage assault in another buildin .
 opinion : wrong runway landings an urgent wake-up call <sec> robert mark : writer suggested it 's easy to land jet at wrong airport . .  true , with a caveat .  southwest landing joins similar cases from recent years . .  these should raise alarm , he says .  he says pilots often failed to heed what computer was telling them . .  complacency a threat .  mark : fliers should demand `` automation confusion '' be put on regulators ' front-burne .
 beckham 's psg arrival gives me peace , says ibrahimovic <sec> zlatan ibrahimovic says less people chase him now that david beckham is around .  ibrahimovic joined psg in the summer and beckham arrived in january .  ibrahimovic says beckham 's experience will help psg for the rest of the season .  psg visits barcelona in the champions league quarterfinals wednesda .
 christening date set for royal baby prince george <sec> prince george will be christened on october 23 at the chapel royal , st. james 's palace .  the archbishop of canterbury will officiate at the christening .  prince george has not been seen in public since he left the hospital in jul .
 disney world monorail evacuated after power outage <sec> about 120 passengers were evacuated on the monorail to epcot .  they were stuck on the train for about 90 minutes , a passenger says .  `` it was the single most exciting thing that 's happened to us '' there , a guest say .
 'deadpool ' movie lined up for 2016 <sec> studio 20th century fox confirms a `` deadpool '' movie is on the way .  the marvel hero is n't exactly typical .  fans believe the movie would need an `` r '' rating to do the character justice .  it 's slated for release on february 12 , 201 .
 condemned sudan woman wo n't give up christianity , husband says <sec> foreign ministry denies reports that meriam yehya abrahim would be released .  she has been condemned to die by hanging and gave birth to a baby girl this week at a sudanese prison .  a sudanese court issued the sentence after she refused to renounce her christian faith .  her husband says she 's holding firm to her beliefs regardless of circumstance .
 the only swing state that really matters in 2012 <sec> david frum : whether germany saves the euro is key to 2012 u.s. election .  he says merkel has power to ease crisis , boost world economy .  america 's economy is poised to grow sharply , if uncertainty over euro is eased , he says .  frum : obama 's re-election could hinge on the actions of the german governmen .
