 nato uses attack helicopters for first time in libya air assault <sec> new : military vehicles and equipment are among the targets struck .  airstrikes hit the western town of yefren , where rebels claim liberation .  western libya is where rebels and pro-gadhafi forces are in combat .  a rebel in nearby stronghold of zintan claims liberation for yefren and another tow .
 official : warning signs missed ahead of governor 's assassination <sec> muhammad mumtaz qadri was n't supposed to guard vips , police official says .  salman taseer was apparently killed for opposing pakistan 's blasphemy law .  the shooting occurred at an islamabad marke .
 arthur expected to become season 's first hurricane <sec> tropical storm arthur is stationary off florida ; expected to head up the coast later .  a tropical storm watch is in effect for parts of florida 's eastern coast .  arthur is expected to strengthen into a hurricane .  this is the first named storm in the atlantic hurricane seaso .
 german rampage victims mostly female <sec> new : victims of gunman 's rampage at german school are mostly female .  new : police unsure if tim kretschmer died from police wounds or killed himself .  police : three teachers , 9 students among 15 people during 3-hour killing spree .  chancellor angela merkel : `` it is a day of mourning for the whole of germany .
 climate sticker shock : arctic melt could cost $ 60 trillion <sec> methane from siberian permafrost could speed warming , raise costs .  economic models say that additional tab could hit $ 60 trillion .  the gas is more potent than carbon dioxide in trapping heat .  the study is a warning but `` not doom and gloom , '' author say .
 moratti resigned to losing mourinho <sec> inter president moratti admits he expects manager jose mourinho to join real madrid .  sinisa mihajlovic in line to replace mourinho after quitting as catania coach .  jean tigana replaces lalaurentlanc as coach of french club bordeau .
 microsoft beams internet into africa -- using tv 'white spaces ' <sec> microsoft trialing tv 'white spaces ' to bring broadband to rural africa .  white spaces refers to unused frequencies in broadcast tv spectrum .  the company has already launched trials in kenya and tanzania .  microsoft plans to roll out the technology to several other african countrie .
 chicago : a man walks into a bar with a tiger and ... faces charges <sec> after a man took a tiger cub to a bar , police filed misdemeanor charges .  the cub has reportedly bitten someone in the bar before .  john basile , the cub 's owner , runs an animal rescu .
 obama , smack those playground bullies <sec> joy behar : obama the big , smart kid bullied by neanderthal ankle-biters in the schoolyard .  behar : teachers think : `` why does he take this ? .  he 's bigger and smarter '' than them .  behar : obama elected for change , but so far changing only lapel pins and his mind .  joy talks politics with `` joe the plumber '' joe wurzelbacher on tonight 's `` joy behar '' hln 9 p.m. e .
 sheriff : body is probably missing 5-year-old 's <sec> nevaeh buchanan was last seen while bicycling may 24 .  fishermen found concrete block by river raisin .  the person responsible for the girl 's death remains at large , police sai .
 university athletics official killed in ohio bus crash <sec> dan gorman had been at the university of mount union since 1985 .  officials said the bus collided with a state snow plow .  all others on the bus requiring medical attention were treated and release .
 a kansas town tries to keep the train coming through <sec> bob greene says the amtrak station is a beloved fixture of garden city , kansas .  he says the chicago-to-l.a. southwest chief connects town to the nation .  he says townfolk are seeking alternatives to moving the tracks .  greene : if the station closes , the world will go on , but town will lose symbol of place in u.s .
 'guardians of the galaxy ' scores $ 94 million weekend <sec> `` guardians '' set a new record for an august debut .  `` get on up '' failed to unseat `` lucy '' .  `` a most wanted man '' expanded into more theater .
 man in custody after restaurant standoff near arizona mall <sec> new : chandler fashion center reopens after police sweep .  new : police identify suspect in hostage-taking incident as adam hernandez .  authorities believe restaurant gunman , man who fled to mall are same person .  suspect not federal fugitive daniel munoz perez as previously thought , police sa .
 cruise line : 22 passengers robbed in mexican seaside resort <sec> passengers were robbed during a guided trail excursion , the cruise line says .  the state department issued a travel warning to americans to avoid travel in the area .  the 22 passengers are unharmed , the cruise line say .
 undefeated and unheralded bradley seeks pacquiao 's throne <sec> timothy bradley has 29 professional fights and no losses .  saturday he takes on one of the best fighters in the world , manny pacquiao .  bradley 's celebrity has recently taken off , but many do n't know his story .  he grew up in the bad part of palm springs , california , trained by his da .
 katherine and joe jackson a unique team <sec> joseph and katherine jackson had different parenting styles , observers say .  katherine viewed as family backbone while joe reportedly a harsh taskmaster .  author : katherine jackson `` kept everyone pretty well grounded '' .  michael jackson 's mother is seeking custody of his childre .
 u.s. muslim leaders denounce al qaeda 's slur toward obama <sec> u.s. muslim leaders respond to comments reportedly made by al qaeda official .  official said president-elect barack obama fit malcolm x 's definition of `` house negro '' .  official also denigrated secretaries of state colin powell , condoleezza ric .
 world 's most outrageous hotel amenities <sec> andaz 5th avenue will connect guests with a top-rate tattoo artist .  some rosewood hotels have hired frangrance butlers .  the hotel monaco in portland has a pet psychic on staf .
 no explanation for florida shooting rampage <sec> police investigate possible motive .  gunman is identified as pedro vargas , 43 .  vargas killed 6 people before he himself was killed .  `` we do n't have an explanation , '' police spokesman say .
 opinion : a shocker from figure skating judges ? <sec> amy bass : questions over fairness of figure skating judging at sochi likely unfounded .  bass : controversy surrounds the event due to odd scoring and a history of shenanigans .  the judging lineup this time also is questionable , bass says .  bass : if skating wants a credible scoring system , it should use credible judge .
 alzheimer 's gene may impair middle-aged memory <sec> having one copy of gene variant , apoe e4 , means 29 percent risk of alzheimer 's .  people with apoe e4 gene variant showed declines beginning in their 50s .  apoe gene testing is only recommended for people with mild mental function .
 opinion : lesson of the underwater robot <sec> a phoenix teacher gave his students the option to learn by doing .  john bare : the project motivated students to succeed and has important lessons .  he says america needs better education and training for job-related skills .  bare : hands-on learning can succeed even in schools hard-pressed for resource .
 mcilroy stirs up ryder cup debate <sec> rory mcilroy says colin montgomerie should not return as european ryder cup captain .  world no . .  1 backs irishman paul mcginley to step up from vice-captaincy role .  the 23-year-old northern irishman says the skipper 's job should be a `` one-time thing '' .  european captain will be named on tuesday ahead of abu dhabi tournamen .
 for first time , isis captures coalition pilot <sec> the captured f-16 pilot 's name is moaz al-kasasbeh , his uncle says .  `` jordan holds the terror organization ... responsible , '' jordanian source says .  the plane was reportedly shot down near the isis stronghold of raqq .
 gun , victim link slain tanning salon robber with past shootings <sec> gary amaya was shot and killed saturday while trying to rob an illinois tanning salon .  police say the gun amaya used matches that in two shootings .  in those , a gunman killed one and wounded three near the illinois-indiana line .  that gunman reportedly asked his victims about bees ; police say amaya tended bee .
 chinese official calls nobel prize award 'blasphemy ' <sec> the award will harm relations between china and norway , spokesman says .  spokesman for foreign ministry says liu xiaobo 's actions contradict the purpose of award .  the award is supposed to `` promote national harmony , '' he say .
 libya 's foreign ministry cut off by armed men , official says <sec> the men are demanding the foreign ministry be cleansed of gadhafi loyalists .  they have anti-aircraft guns mounted on their trucks , the official says .  no violence was reported in the latest in a string of armed protest .
 netherlands , france claim warm-up wins <sec> robin van persie scores two first-half goals as the netherlands beat mexico 2-1 .  mathieu valbuena comes off the bench to score winner as france defeat costa rica .  buddle and gomez picked in u.s. 23-man squad for world cup in south africa .  england striker wayne rooney allays fears over fitness for tournamen .
 sheryl sandberg : men must be part of the gender equality debate <sec> men need to engage in the workplace gender equality debate , says sandberg .  sandberg says it should be a 'badge of honor ' to mentor women into top roles .  facebook coo has written a book , which has received mixed response from critic .
 south korea cheating scandal hits university bids <sec> south korea sat tests canceled after cheating scandal was uncovered .  scams gave unscrupulous students , parents advance warning about questions .  sat tests used to enable students to get into colleges abroad .  scandal focusing on `` hakwons '' or cramming schools for extra tuitio .
 pentagon considers isis drone strike <sec> pentagon considering when to recommend authorizing drone strike agains isis leader .  any mission to kill isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi would need obama 's approval .  al-baghdadi has $ 10 million bounty on his head through reward for justice progra .
 nothing the same after columbine , say students , teachers <sec> columbine shootings forever changed atmosphere in schools nationwide .  jennifer muzquiz says she was discriminated against as a `` goth '' .  teachers became concerned with protecting students from physical , emotional harm .  ireport.com : how did columbine affect your life .
 malala : anti-isis message she could n't say in canada <sec> frida ghitis : malala was due to make appearances on day of ottawa shooting .  she says malala has a powerful message of reconciliation and education .  ghitis : it stands in stark contrast to the hateful , violent rhetoric isis uses to recruit .  she says we need to find ways to spread malala 's hopeful , healing messag .
 'the exorcist ' still turns heads at 40 <sec> `` the exorcist '' is about the demonic possession of a girl and the priests who save her .  some of the film 's scenes are considered just as shocking today as they were in 1973 .  many people consider `` the exorcist '' to be the scariest movie of all time .  director william friedkin , however , did not treat it as a horror fil .
 gun sales boom on black friday <sec> this was the busiest black friday ever for gun background checks .  more than 175,000 background checks were requested .  black friday brings nearly three times daily average of gun background checks , fbi say .
 ernst inches ahead of braley in key iowa contest <sec> joni ernst has a four-point lead over rep. bruce braley in iowa 's senate race .  the reverse gender gap continued as ernst leads among men and braley leads with women .  the race is a key pickup opportunity for the gop as they try to retake the senat .
 u.s. keeping isis kill list - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the no . .  1 target on the list is abu bakr al-baghdadi , a senior u.s. official says .  the united states has already killed a dozen or so isis operatives on the list , the official say .
 peru nabs eric bartoli , ponzi scheme suspect on fbi most wanted list <sec> eric bartoli faces charges of money laundering and fraud in ohio .  peruvian police arrest him while is jogging .  bartoli was on the fbi 's most wanted list .  he 's accused of operating a $ 65 million ponzi schem .
 mayweather vs pacquiao : kenny bayless named as referee <sec> promoter : manny pacquiao 's has between 800 and 900 friends who want tickets to historic las vegas clash .  kenny bayless named as referee in mayweather-pacquiao 's bout , dubbed the `` fight of the century .
 unstoppable messi fires second hat-trick of the week <sec> lionel messi continues his incredible scoring spree for barcelona .  argentina ace grabs his second straight hat-trick in spain 's la liga .  his goals lift barca level with real madrid after 4-2 win at real zaragoza .  messi also scored a double in 4-0 champions league rout of stuttgar .
 carson accused of plagiarism - cnnpolitics.com <sec> potential gop presidential candidate ben carson was accused by buzzfeed of plagiarizing passages of his 2012 book .  one author carson is accused of plagiarizing says the charges are inaccurate , and that carson had permissio .
 greasy rider fuels mercedes with vegetable oil <sec> greg melville converted a 1985 diesel mercedes to run on vegetable oil .  a car kit and professional installation cost about $ 2,000 .  restaurants supply melville with free five-gallon drums of used oil , which he filters .  collecting and cleaning oil , smelly fumes are a few downsides of veggie car .
 portrait exhibition a picture perfect end to queen 's jubilee year <sec> queen elizabeth ii celebrated her diamond jubilee in 2012 .  monarch 's 60th anniversary on throne marked with a series of exhibitions .  jubilee year rounded off with show of official portraits at windsor castle .  works by andy warhol , cecil beaton , lucian freud and annie leibovitz feature .
 court records reveal troubled childhood of 'barefoot bandit ' <sec> court records show colton harris-moore as a wayward boy with frequent run-ins with the law .  harris-moore complained about his mother 's behavior when drinking , according to the records .  his father left when he was 4 or 5 and he became attached to his stepfather , who later died .  'he does things without thinking of the end results , ' his mother wrote the court about her so .
 ronaldo inspires real madrid win at elche <sec> real madrid beats elche 2-0 in la liga .  re-opens four point gap on chasing barcelona .  liverpool wins 2-0 at southampton in vital epl clash .  late harry kane goal rescues tottenham against west ha .
 willingham juror no longer sure of his guilt in texas case <sec> cameron todd willingham maintained his innocence up until his execution in 2004 .  dorenda brokofsky says new evidence makes her think she made wrong decision .  `` i do n't like the fact that i may have to face my god and explain what i did , '' she says .  3 inquiries have concluded that arson was not likely cause of death .
 millions mark 100 years of scouts <sec> at least 28 million scouts across the world took part in sunrise ceremonies .  scouts renewed their promise to build a tolerant and peaceful society .  started by robert baden-powell it upholds values such as trust and loyalt .
 report : samsung chairman to resign <sec> samsung group chairman , lee kun-hee , plans to resign , yonhap reports .  lee 's decision comes a few days after his indictment amid corruption investigation .  lee was indicted for tax evasion and breach of trust .  prosecutors say indictment relates to a plan to transfer control of the firm to his so .
 last native speaker of scots dialect dies <sec> bobby hogg was 92 .  the dialect , known as cromarty fisherfolk , dies with him .  `` a little bit of color in our lives is gone , '' linguist say .
 police : 6 killed in attack on turkish embassy in somalia <sec> new : somali president decries what he calls an `` act of cowardly desperation '' .  a minivan full of explosives blows up outside turkish embassy in mogadishu .  two security guards , a student and three attackers die , somali police say .  islamist militant group al-shabaab claims responsibilit .
 ana trujillo convicted of stiletto stabbing death of boyfriend <sec> ana trujillo faces up to life in prison for the death of alf stefan andersson , kprc reports .  she showed little emotion as the verdict was announced .  trujillo stabbed andersson more than 25 times , cnn affiliate kprc report .
 earthquake shakes cuba ; no reports of damage yet <sec> a 5.6-magnitude earthquake strikes cuba saturday at 1:08 p.m. ( 2:08 p.m . .  et ) .  quake centered 44 kilometers ( 27 miles ) south-southwest of guantanamo .  resident in santiago de cuba , 57 km ( 36 miles ) from epicenter , feels quak .
 federer : strike talk is 'nonsense ' <sec> roger federer rules out boycotts after winning again at atp world tour finals .  swiss star says there is no reason to strike over tournament scheduling .  federer hands american mardy fish his third defeat of the week in london .  he had already qualified top of his group for saturday 's semifinal .
 georgia man who admitted murdering girl found dead in apparent suicide <sec> victim 's father says he would have preferred brunn die `` in the electric chair '' .  ryan brunn died of an apparent suicide , a georgia corrections spokeswoman says .  he pleaded guilty tuesday in the murder of 7-year-old jorelys rivera .  the girl was found dead in a trash compactor three days after she went missin .
 washington man killed by police after throwing rocks <sec> police shooting death of man who allegedly hurled rocks at cars and officers investigated .  the man was identified as antonio zambrano-montes , 35 .  three officers have been placed on administrative leav .
 reports : north korea releases south korean fishing boat <sec> reunions for divided families to be held from september 26 to october 1 .  agreement comes after three days of talks mediated by red cross .  talks were first cross-border contact between north and south in two year .
 sandy destroys years of valuable medical research <sec> mice representing years of research reportedly died as nyu hospital lost power .  among the losses was a unique strain of mice critical to research .  making new strains could take one to two year .
 review : 'that 's my boy ' is mediocre comedy <sec> adam sandler plays character donny berger with conviction .  a scandal in berger 's high school years resulted in son han solo ( andy samberg ) .  samberg 's character , who changed name to todd , is neurotic hedge-fund manage .
 cnn student news transcript : january 14 , 2011 <sec> brazil is ravaged by heavy rains and deadly flooding .  mt . .  etna roars to life with tremors and ash .  the u.s. government proposes healthier school lunches .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 idaho man charged again for knowingly spreading hiv <sec> kerry thomas was indicted for second time for knowingly transferring hiv virus .  in 1990 , thomas was charged with four counts of hiv transmission .  if convicted , thomas could face life in priso .
 house of the setting sun <sec> vbs.tv visits home for elderly prostitutes in sketchy mexico city neighborhood .  twenty-three women who are 60 or older live in the facility .  crew attended bittersweet mother 's day party with resident .
 nigerian election : opposition candidate leads <sec> vote-counting postponed until tuesday morning , election leader says in tweet .  partial vote count shows opposition candidate leading in nigeria , reuters reports .  incumbent president goodluck jonathan and retired gen. muhammadu buhari faced off in electio .
 u.n. calls for an end to fighting in ukraine <sec> `` we are caught in a deadly feedback loop , '' says the u.s. ambassador to the united nations .  violence erupts in debaltseve ; separatists say they have 60 ukrainian prisoners of war .  official : five more ukrainian service members have been killed in the past 24 hour .
