 football : gerrard admits punching man in bar <sec> english football star steven gerrard has admitted punching a man in a bar .  but the liverpool captain says in court testimony that it was in self-defense .  gerrard , 29 , denies charge of affray for attacking businessman marcus mcgee .  if found guilty , he faces maximum penalty of six months in jail and $ 7,200 fin .
 parker , broderick welcome twins <sec> sarah jessica parker and matthew broderick have twin daughters .  the babies were born via a surrogate .  married for 12 years , the couple are also the parents of a 6-year-old bo .
 cuts will turn off voters gop is courting <sec> maria cardona : looming cuts make cantor 's strategy to draw middle class to gop laughable .  she says forced budget cuts will hurt thousands of the very people gop wants to attract .  she says voters elected obama to boost programs all threatened by cuts .  cardona : obama approval rating high . .  not so gop 's . .  if cuts happen , voters will blame go .
 faster than a speeding bullet ? meet the world 's first 1,000 mph car <sec> the jet-propelled bloodhound supersonic car aims to be the first car to hit 1,000 mph .  rocket boosters , engineers say , will push car through the sound barrier to world record .  the team plans to try in 2016 at hakskeen pan , in northern cape , south africa .  driver andy green already holds the world land speed record of 763 mph , set in 199 .
 # iamjada : when violence becomes a teen meme <sec> a houston teen told her story on television after photos of her passed out became a meme .  hers is example of images depicting alleged abuse making the rounds among teens .  parents can combat online abuse with resources and discussion , experts sa .
 halle berry stalker pleads no contest <sec> richard anthony franco is sentenced to time already served .  one count of residential burglary is dismissed in a plea deal .  he must undergo a year of psychological counseling .  franco allegedly climbed over a locked security gate to her hollywood hills hom .
 israeli attorney general plans to indict foreign minister <sec> new : netanyahu says he hopes liberman will prove his innocence .  `` i have always operated according to the law , '' liberman says .  the final decision on whether to indict avigdor liberman will follow a formal hearing .  he is suspected of illegally obtaining about $ 3 million through shell companies .  the alleged crimes date back to before liberman became foreign ministe .
 520 die in belgium 's hot weather <sec> 520 people have died in belgium between april and july .  researchers speculate the deaths are linked to high temperatures .  many victims were older and had underlying health problems .  new : july temperatures have been abnormally hig .
 7 keys to the 2014 midterms <sec> obamacare fiasco has shaken voter confidence in democrats ' government solutions .  will voters ' memories of october shutdown be eclipsed by obamacare a year from now ? .  worst losses have occurred to president 's party during or shortly after economic slowdown .  could gop overreach on obamacare or other issues break cycle of six-year itch .
 eye on south korea <sec> cnn 's `` eye on south korea '' programming focuses on east asian nation .  issues covered range from business to lifestyle topics .  south korean first lady provides personal look at nation 's cuisin .
 rand paul vs. hillary clinton , clash of titans <sec> timothy stanley : benghazi hearing with secretary clinton was emotional , confrontational .  he says her strong reputation likely intact , but administration still must answer for incident .  he says rand paul 's blunt critique pointed up administration 's obfuscation .  stanley : paul vs. clinton in 2016 is a compelling idea ; could hearing be a harbinger .
 dozens dead as flooding engulfs manila <sec> up to 300,000 people may be displaced , red cross official says government begins massive relief operations following deadly floods .  more than 75 are dead in philippines in flooding from tropical storm ketsan .
 tension mounts after gabon presidential elections <sec> tension grows in gabon , west africa as citizens await result of presidential election .  capital libreville deserted as residents flee the city through fear of violence .  voters went to the polls on sunday to elect a successor to president omar bong .
 why 'obama the populist ' is not a winning re-election theme <sec> julian zelizer : president obama lately is sounding a populist message .  he says the populism clashes with what we have seen in obama 's term .  voters are n't likely to support obama as an anti-washington force , zelizer says .  zelizer : most presidents who have been re-elected have run on their record .
 hsbc champions : dustin johnson targets major success after wgc win <sec> dustin johnson wins the wgc-hsbc champions tournament by three strokes sunday .  american loses lead in first two holes of final round but plays last six in five under par .  defending champion ian poulter finishes second ahead of graeme mcdowell .  mcdowell closes gap on race to dubai standings leader henrik stenso .
 obama 's chance to lead -- or kick the can down the road <sec> john avlon : president barack obama is well-positioned to help solve debt problem .  he says obama should avoid temptation favored by some democrats to put off action .  relatively modest changes in entitlements could help ensure their survival , avlon says .  avlon : obama can rally his party behind deficit cuts that wo n't hurt econom .
 police : woman jailed after cutting off husband 's penis <sec> new : the couple is going through a divorce .  catherine kieu becker , 48 , is arrested for aggravated mayhem .  she is accused of drugging her husband and cutting off his penis , police say .  the couple is going through a divorce , according to polic .
 'world war z ' sequel lands an 'impossible ' director <sec> juan antonio bayona will helm the sequel to `` world war z '' .  he previously directed `` the impossible '' and `` the orphanage '' .  `` world war z '' overcame production complications to become a blockbuster .  it 's now planned to become a franchis .
 abc to look at 'star wars ' live-action tv series <sec> paul lee says he 's going to take a look at the long-gestating star wars live-action tv series .  `` we 'd love to do something with lucasfilm , we 're not sure what yet , '' lee said .  he project was commissioned by longtime lucasfilm producer rick mccallu .
 cnn ireporter : 'oceans of garbage ' in egypt 's streets <sec> egypt -- the arab world 's most populous nation -- is seeking a rescue loan of $ 4.8 billion .  egypt is grappling with a high unemployment rate of 13 % and a young workforce .  international monetary fund projects inflation in egypt to rise to 10.7 in 201 .
 10 great coastal eco-resorts <sec> sadie cove wilderness lodge in alaska is powered by wind and hydropower .  sal salis ningaloo reef in australia uses solar power and composting toilets .  morgan 's rock hacienda is on a sustainable tree farm in nicaragu .
 real madrid top of la liga after city rivals atletico slump to defeat <sec> gareth bale scores in 4-2 win against villarreal at the bernabeu .  atletico slump to 2-0 defeat at almeria and drop to second on goal difference .  shakhtar donetsk 's announce death of brazilian striker maicon .  25-year-old killed in a car crash in donetsk , says a club statemen .
 paul ryan : from 'it boy ' to calamity <sec> david rothkopf : pundits whipsaw on paul ryan -- first he 's game changer , then liability .  he says vp picks matter ; historically vps influential , sometimes become president .  he says ryan pick could spur needed debate , clarify choice in election .  rothkopf : substantive debate great but must be followed by cooperation on actio .
 federer and djokovic concerned about injured tennis rival nadal 's future <sec> roger federer says rafael nadal 's absence from the u.s. open is a `` blow '' .  world no . .  3 nadal pulled out of the event on wednesday with a knee injury .  five-time grand slam winner novak djokovic battles past italy 's andreas seppi .  newly-crowned olympic champion andy murray also earns a second-round wi .
 analysts : mexican vote leaves more questions than it answers <sec> projected winner enrique peña nieto says he remains committed to cartel fight .  former pentagon official : social unrest after the election `` could be an explosive mixture '' .  analyst : mexicans `` are going to force the pri to govern in a different way '' .  peña nieto says he 's part of a new generation , but critics are n't convince .
 coal , oil and the price we 're willing to pay <sec> andrew kleit says recent coal and oil extraction disasters point up truth of our energy needs .  coal mining , oil drilling are costly , dangerous , but economy bound to it , he says , for cars , electricity .  switch to low-carbon sources not imminent , he says ; it 's expensive , has own problems .  kleit : americans should face energy facts : switching to clean energy will cost us .
 buy-american vs. safety makes for battle over military uniforms <sec> uniforms made in georgia by tencate company , using a fabric called defender m .  it is favored by the military for its fire-resistant and breathable properties .  fabric uses rayon from austria , which normally violates buy-american requirement .  amendment at issue would continue to allow special rayon to be importe .
 voices of hope in the face of evil <sec> cnn 's christiane amanpour traveled the globe for documentary on genocide .  amanpour : the few people who stand up and confront evil give me hop .
 inside politics : democrats ' good week <sec> democrats are banking on a boost from good obamacare and jobs report figures .  an improvement in the president 's approval rating could help democrats in midterms .  democrats are hoping to salvage anticipated congressional losses .  democrats hope a backlash against big donors will help election effort .
 attacks on arabs in israel prompt soul-searching <sec> two recent attacks on palestinians have prompted questions about racism in israel .  a 17-year-old arab was beaten unconscious by a group of jewish israelis , his cousin says .  in the other attack , a palestinian family was firebombed in a taxi on the west bank .  a city councillor cites racism , violence and some ultra-orthodox view .
 graffiti vandal hits spike lee 's old block <sec> broken glass , spray-paint mark spike lee 's father 's house and a neighbor 's house .  spike lee ranted about new york gentrification and hipsters .  the neighbor whose home was vandalized believes it 's connected to lee 's ran .
 state news : american merrill newman 'deported ' from north korea <sec> new : newman 's son confirms that the released american is on his way home .  video shows newman smiling as he walks through beijing 's airport .  the 85-year-old was detained in north korea in october , issued a public apology .  state news reports newman was released for `` humanitarian '' reason .
 'anti-foreigner ' violence kills 22 in south africa <sec> at least 22 people killed by mobs targeting foreigners in johannesburg .  police arrest more than 200 people for offenses including rape and murder .  zimbabweans who have fled their own country are driven from squatter camps .  south africa 's archbishop desmond tutu condemns the attack .
 widow : choice of convicted cop killer as college speaker 'a disgrace ' <sec> mumia abu-jamal recorded the speech via phone from jail .  abu-jamal attended goddard college ; he also gave a speech to students there in 2008 .  he is serving a life sentence at a pennsylvania state prison .  maureen faulkner : `` what can abu-jamal offer anyone after he so violently took my husband 's life ? .
 wikileaks : mozambique cables provoke backlash <sec> leaked cables have unnamed sources furious .  cables deal with alleged bribery , drug trafficking in mozambique .  u.s. state department refuses comment on cables supposedly written by ex-charge d'affaire .
 'do n't trust the b -- - ' new episodes put online <sec> abc canceled `` do n't trust the b -- -- '' .  the network has put the unaired episodes on abc.com .  some of the stars have already moved on to other show .
 van persie accuses adebayor of deliberate stamp <sec> emmanuel adebayor appears to stamp on arsenal forward robin van persie .  van persie says that adebayor deliberately set out to injure him in the match .  adebayor also celebrated his goal in man city 's 4-2 win in front of arsenal fans .  fa set to investigate adebayor 's conduct in the english premier league clas .
 on the road : barbados ' twist on tennis <sec> road tennis enthusiasts seeking to spread the sport 's appeal beyond barbados .  game can be played on any flat surface , using modified balls and bats .  tennis star andy murray tried his hand at the sport and was impressed .  it is a semi-professional past-time in barbados , with about 150 competitor .
 mexican migration slows , but debate is n't over <sec> new : `` it 's not the united states it was 30 years ago , '' one immigrant says .  a new study says net flows from mexico into the united states have stopped .  better conditions in mexico mean less desire to emigrate to the united states .  but future demand means the controversial debates will continu .
 egyptian tourist sites to reopen ; tomb break-ins reported <sec> the sites will reopen on sunday .  `` false doors '' have been reported stolen from burial sites .  the search continues for items from the cairo museu .
 china , russia vetoes thwart u.n. security council resolution on syria <sec> rice : u.s. is `` outraged '' after veto of syrian resolution .  the u.s. state department says `` violence has to stop '' .  the free syria army wants international help .  activists and the government report deaths tuesda .
 farewell frankel : world beating wonder horse takes final bow at ascot <sec> frankel makes final appearance on a race course at ascot saturday .  the four-year-old colt will be retired to stud after champion stakes .  frankel is unbeaten in 13 races and has acquired legendary status .  queen elizabeth ii will be at ascot to watch the proceeding .
 military going green to save lives , money <sec> phyllis cuttino : thousands of soldiers in iraq were killed protecting fuel convoys .  defense department is one of biggest energy consumers in world , she writes .  now , she says , military is playing key role in developing renewable energy sources .  cuttino : pentagon biofuel initiatives could also help u.s. businesse .
 holder : feds may sue over arizona immigration law <sec> `` we are considering all our options '' against arizona law , eric holder says .  attorney general tells nbc a lawsuit could be based on possible civil rights violations .  arizona law allows police to ask anyone for proof of legal u.s. residency .  city councils in flagstaff and tucson plan to sue the state over the la .
 u.s. average gasoline price tops $ 3.54 <sec> aaa : national average price for a gallon of regular unleaded gasoline up one tenth of a cent .  highest gas prices are in hawaii and lowest in south carolina , says the motorist group .  the price of light sweet crude oil , for september delivery , increased friday by $ 0.1 .
 forgive mumbai attackers , victims ' relative says <sec> `` we must show that love is possible , '' says mother , wife of mumbai attack victims .  `` we must send them our love [ and ] forgiveness , '' kia scherr says .  attack survivors describe final moments of alan , naomi scherr in restaurant .  founder of group that led trip : i identified bodies after attacks were ove .
 from oscars to olympics , a gatecrashing hall of infamy <sec> a boy , 11 , posed as a member of the chelsea entourage at the europa league final this week .  he was the latest in a long line of people to gatecrash events from the olympics to oscars .  sports events , royal parties , state dinners and the papal conclave have all been targeted .  some serial hoaxers have been the inspiration for films such as `` six degrees of separation .
 study : women overlooked for promotion in recession <sec> study : high-flying women are missing out on promotion .  discrepancy in female promotions may have been magnified by recession .  elsewhere , male and female mbas proving resistant to the economic crisis .  `` high-potential employees '' willing to change roles , despite harsh job marke .
 federal judge jailed after alleged domestic dispute <sec> new : fuller enters no plea at his monday bond hearing .  police responded to ritz-carlton hotel , where mark fuller 's wife said he assaulted her .  released on a signature bond , fuller is expected back in court august 22 .  fuller was confirmed to the u.s. district court for the middle district of alabama in 200 .
 tiger woods comeback to pga tour ends with early exit <sec> tiger woods misses cut at congressional on pga tour .  woods playing first tournament for three months .  shoots four over 75 to miss cut by four shots .  u.s. open champion martin kaymer misses cut at european tour even .
 coup attempt disrupted , sudanese government says <sec> `` a plan of sabotage '' sought to destabilize sudan , the minister of information says .  thirteen people were arrested , he says , including a former intelligence chief .  current members of the army and security agency were not involved in the plot , he say .
 time warp territory longs for love from russia <sec> people on a sliver of land caught in a soviet time warp long to be part of russia .  transnistria is part of moldova and an unrecognized self-declared country .  they see russia as a protecting force and a place to work and trade .  one woman explains if the russian military arrived people would chee .
 6 ways to celebrate shakespeare 's 450th birthday <sec> the 450th anniversary of the birth of william shakespeare is being celebrated in april .  visitors to shakespeare 's birthplace can sign a guest book brought out just once a year since 1847 .  john hogg , 69 , leads tours of stratford-upon-avon every day , rain or shin .
 space-based solar power : the energy of the future ? <sec> with no atmosphere , cloudy weather or even night , space is a perfect place to build our solar power stations .  the concept has been around since the 1940s when science fiction posited the idea of a robot-manned power station .  some variants could provide as much as 1gw of energy beamed to receivers on earth -- enough to power a large city .  some scientists say only the cost of putting payloads in space is preventing the idea becoming a realit .
 bahrain emergency laws lifted after warning against unrest <sec> the country lifts emergency laws imposed since mid-march .  bahrain files charges against four wefaq leaders , opposition sources say .  king hamad bin isa al khalifa appeals for dialogue with opposition groups .  the country is set to hold parliamentary elections in septembe .
 company recalls ground beef due to possible e. coli contamination <sec> california company recalls ground beef patties , other products .  products may be contaminated with e. coli , federal government says .  the products were sent to southern california restaurant .
 portuguese athlete ornelas first be banned under biological passport testing <sec> portuguese athlete helder ornelas gets four-year ban .  ornelas first to be sanctioned under iaaf athlete biological passport program .  abnormalities in his blood profile were detected over a period of a year .  the 38-year-old ornelas won the milan marathon in 200 .
 'kardashians ' star hits runway in sheer shirt <sec> kendall jenner is the second youngest star of `` keeping up with the kardashians '' .  the reality star is also a model .  on thursday she walked in marc jacobs ' new york fashion week show .  her braless outfit , which included a sheer shirt , has caused a sti .
 the gop battle for the middle class - cnnpolitics.com <sec> republicans knew after 2012 they had a problem with the middle class .  presidential hopefuls are vying to talk about opportunity gap and poverty .  democrats see a change of rhetoric , not change of polic .
 disgruntled motorcycling star stoner switches to cars <sec> motorcycling star casey stoner confirms his switch to sports car racing .  two-time motogp world champion will drive a v8 supercar this year .  stoner criticizes some motogp fans for their behavior , saying he was spat at .  australian says he `` fell out of love '' with motorcycling after 10-year caree .
 family encouraged that only american pow in afghanistan could be freed <sec> state department says it expects taliban to discuss prisoner swap `` in coming days '' .  bowe bergdahl was 23 when captured in june 2009 in southeastern paktika province .  bergdahl 's family says via spokesman latest developments are `` encouraging news '' .  friends , family describe him as gregarious gentleman , prone to wanderlust , kindnes .
 england soccer captain terry charged with racism <sec> england soccer captain john terry charged with racially abusing another player .  incident concerns comments player allegedly made to qpr player anton ferdinand .  terry denies charges ; chelsea football club issues statement backing him .  terry will appear before magistrates in london on february 1 , 201 .
 deadly ebola virus kills 14 in uganda <sec> the lethal ebola virus left at least 14 people dead in western uganda this month .  reports of a `` strange disease '' swept through the region .  the cases have emerged in kibaale , a district in midwestern uganda .  the ebola virus is considered a highly infectious disease spread through direct contac .
 connecticut school victims were shot multiple times <sec> president barack obama will travel to newtown , connecticut . .  on sunday .  the father of a young victim remembers his daughter as bright , creative and loving .  12 girls and eights boys were killed at sandy hook elementary school .  six adults were also murdered , in addition to the mother of the suspected shoote .
