 messi and ronaldo battle for ballon d'or <sec> lionel messi , cristiano ronaldo and andres iniesta up for the 2012 ballon d'or .  barcelona star messi aiming for a fourth straight success .  real madrid 's ronaldo last won the prize back in 2008 .  del bosque , guardiola and mourinho up for top coac .
 u.s. , afghanistan reach security agreement <sec> new : john kerry says `` it 's up to the people of afghanistan '' to approve the agreement .  if they do , the deal would extend from 2015 through 2024 `` and beyond '' .  it says u.s. `` forces shall not conduct combat operations in afghanistan .
 police body cams : will they really help ? ( opinion ) <sec> some argue that more cameras will help prevent cases like brown , garner killings .  errol louis says people should beware of unintended consequences .  he says cops may be less likely to respond well in some cases , victims may be inhibited .  more technology may not be the answer to better policing , he say .
 official : iraqi troops plan mosul offensive in spring <sec> u.s. official : up to 25,000 iraqi troops could take part in mosul assault in april or may .  he says the details are being offered to show iraq 's commitment to retaking the city .  a kurdish military commander is skeptical , saying iraq 's army `` is not ready for the fight .
 opinion : if you want it to , the camera can lie <sec> david burnett : people used to believe that photojournalism depicted the truth .  a picture is just a moment , he says , not the whole truth . .  context is important .  photographer says his shots of president obama and the first lady were misinterpreted .  burnett : pros try to make photos truthful , but photos can lie if they 're misuse .
 opinion : why tiger moms are great <sec> grace liu : some suggest that tiger parenting style produces emotionally stunted kids .  liu : it 's time for some tiger cubs to approvingly roar for our strict and demanding parents .  she says by working hard as a child , one can gain confidence , resilience and smarts .  liu : with self awareness , one can learn social skills and negotiating tactics later in lif .
 ted cruz bucks the establishment , again <sec> cruz opposed house gop leaders ' border bill that was pulled from floor .  the texas senator wanted conservatives to change obama immigration policy .  cruz angered his fellow republicans with obamacare push that many blame for shutdown .  he has expressed his support for some anti-establishment candidates in the primarie .
 premier league issues twitter do 's and don'ts for soccer stars <sec> english premier league unveils new code of conduct for social media websites .  more and more soccer stars have their own facebook and twitter accounts .  combined followers between rio ferdinand and wayne rooney is 7.7 million .  epl says social media is a good for interaction with fans but must be used responsibl .
 commentary : u.s. dollars could kill iran 's protest movement <sec> hamid dabashi : u.s. government planning millions to aid democracy in iran .  he says the money could discredit and kill the iran protest movement .  he says the money should be spent to improve schools in america .  dabashi : iranian protesters need inspiration from civil rights movement , not mone .
 u.s. open third round : petra kvitova crashes out against qualifier <sec> reigning wimbledon champion the latest top seed to fall .  world no . .  4 loses in straight sets to world no . .  145 aleksandra krunic .  serena williams through to last 16 following win over varvara lepchenko .  andy murray and novak djokovic through to last 16 in men 's dra .
 at least 13 dead in honduran prison fire <sec> one of the dead was decapitated , a fire official says .  a fire at a different honduran prison last month killed 358 people .  the cause of the fire at the prison in san pedro sula was not immediately know .
 a flight attendant 's husband struggles to find answers for children <sec> lee khim fatt promised his two children he 'd bring their mother home .  his wife , a malaysia airlines flight attendant , has been missing for three weeks .  with little information from authorities , he turns to media for updates .  he wants to give his children answers , but has non .
 militant 's letter : generate chaos , 'psychological conflict ' <sec> letter from al qaeda in iraq militant found after he was slain , u.s. says .  letter urges al qaeda in iraq to fight against american-backed sunni militias .  document also cautions vigilance against infiltrator .
 cnn student news - april 8 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 review : season 3 of 'house of cards ' <sec> early episodes of the third season indicate a change of direction might be afoot .  being president and first lady is n't as easy or as satisfying as frank and claire expected .  after the underwoods ' smooth climb to power , a little payback and failure plays wel .
 ba strips striking workers of travel perks <sec> ba carries out threat to strip striking cabin crew members of travel perks .  staff who joined strike at weekend lose benefits such as free and discounted travel .  striking workers oppose ba reorganization they say will mean staff cuts .  airline says more flight schedules this weekend ahead of second round of strike .
 pat summitt says it was her decision to step down as tennessee coach <sec> her statement comes one day after summitt said in an affidavit that she felt forced out .  summitt : `` anyone who knows me knows that any such effort would have met with resistance '' .  a university spokeswoman says she is `` saddened '' summitt `` has been drawn into this '' .  summitt won more than 1,000 games and eight national title .
 soldier 's family to world : keep calm , do n't seek revenge <sec> new : two others are arrested in the lee rigby murder investigation .  new : one of the suspects in rigby 's killing is moved to a police station .  the family says rigby had friends from `` different walks of life '' .  queen elizabeth visits the woolwich barracks that housed rigb .
 kobe bryant fined $ 100,000 over anti-gay slur <sec> new : in pregame phone call , bryant apologizes to human rights campaign president .  bryant used an expletive and an anti-gay slur about a referee .  the nba says , `` such a distasteful term should never be tolerated .
 ebay fined $ 63m over fake luxury goods <sec> paris court orders ebay to pay $ 63 million in damages to luxury group lvmh .  the group sued ebay over sale of fake luxury goods online .  brands affected include louis vuitton , christian dior , fendi and givenchy .  ebay said lvmh was trying to protect uncompetitive commercial practice .
 victim tells pope of altar boy robbed of youth <sec> victim : i was `` a young boy praying to god at the time that i was abused '' .  group of sex abuse victims met with pope thursday ; pope apologized .  `` he seemed to intrinsically understand what we were talking about , '' victim says .  victim support group says `` real reform is sorely needed in the church hierarchy .
 seoul endures life under the gun <sec> although no strangers to north korean hostility , seoul residents see this attack as different .  the sight of columns of smoke rising from an artillery strike sent a frisson of real fear .  it was the first such attack since the korean war ended at midnight july 27 , 1953 .  seoul itself lies in range of massed , long-range north korean artiller .
 'london 11 ' vow to increase arms to syrian rebels <sec> `` all the necessary materiel '' will be provided to the opposition , the group says .  `` each nation makes its own decision , '' state secretary john kerry says .  kerry vows to boost the opposition 's ability `` to directly address the situation on the ground '' .  syrian government forces have rebels outgunne .
 woods breaks cog hill course record <sec> tiger woods hit a course-record 62 to take control of the bmw championship .  the world number one is seven strokes ahead of the chasing pack on 16-under .  woods well ahead of nine-under-par pair brandt snedeker and marc leishman .  padraig harrington and matt kuchar are both tied for third position at cog hil .
 china says human error caused shanghai subway crash <sec> state media : shanghai 's subway line 10 accident was caused by human error .  the accident injured 295 passengers , 70 of whom are still receiving treatment in hospital .  china 's fast development of its rail systems have raised concerns over safet .
 pedro pinto opinion : show ronaldo some respect <sec> cristiano ronaldo won the fifa player of the year for 2008 in zurich , monday .  cnn 's pedro pinto says he is not shown enough respect by media .  pinto : `` ronaldo is a great ambassador for the game .
 lionel messi named world 's richest football player <sec> lionel messi tops list of most expensive football players .  messi transfer fee estimated to be worth $ 262 million .  cristiano ronaldo second on list ahead of eden hazar .
 east coast digs in ahead of big storm <sec> new york 's mta will start suspending service before sustained winds of 39 mph .  virginia 's national guard authorized to activate to 300 personnel .  early models show the hurricane could make landfall in d.c. region as early as monday .  forecasters say it will more likely push farther north and hit the new york area by tuesda .
 review : depp 's long-delayed 'rum diary ' proves worth the wait <sec> depp 's agreeably deadpan performance is scaled back several notches .  the movie lays on the local color with gusto .  depp 's easy rapport with michael rispoli is a low-key deligh .
 williams sisters go through as wozniacki exits u.s. open <sec> serena and venus williams reach second round at the u.s. open .  venus next faces german sixth seed angelique kerber in new york .  world no . .  9 caroline wozniacki sufffers another early grand slam exit .  polish second seed radwanska through after easy first round wi .
 deion sanders also cited for assault in domestic violence case <sec> sanders , his estranged wife and a third person all were cited in the monday incident .  only pilar sanders was detained by police .  pilar sanders was released from custody tuesday .  the sanderses are in the middle of a bitter divorce battl .
 time for u.s. and cuba to kiss and make up <sec> beyoncé and jay-z were seen in cuba last week , apparently celebrating their anniversary .  a united states embargo restricts american citizens ' right to visit cuba .  simon tisdall argues the 60-year stand-off between cuba and the u.s. harms both countries .  the ostracism of cuba 's people is unfair , unkind and unnecessary , he say .
 'terror group ' joins somali capital takeover <sec> u.s.-designated terror group among militants seizing control of mogadishu .  islamic groups seizing military bases abandoned by ethiopian troops .  ethiopians were propping up u.n.-backed transitional governmen .
 slain student called 911 , but no one came in time <sec> college student 's battle for her life caught on 911 tape .  police did not respond to her call for help for 48 minutes .  brittany zimmerman 's fiance found her body .  police suspect she was attacked by a stranger and are eyeing vagrant .
 the miracle of a classic movie resurrected <sec> triumph for film at international awards ceremony after more than two decades .  scriptwriter ricky lee talks about working with late director ishmael bernal .  `` himala 's '' message continues to strike a chord with audiences toda .
 the future of bitcoin : live twitter chat today <sec> is bitcoin over ? .  we 're discussing the future of money with a panel of expert .
 the thin line : paralympic classification causes controversy <sec> the issue of disability classification at the paralympics has caused controversy .  each athlete is placed in events according to disability and ability .  two u.s. swimmers battle ruling body after classifications are changed .  ipc trying to slim down the number of medals and disciplines at the game .
 piece of children 's book reflects loss in oklahoma after tornado <sec> oklahoma city mayor : at least 12,000 homes in the area were damaged or destroyed .  a volunteer describes finding a survivor trapped under a mountain of rubble .  at least 24 people are dead and 353 injured from this week 's massive tornado .  a mayor and the mother of a deceased child call for more storm shelters or safe room .
 passengers evacuate plane on emergency slides at dulles <sec> new : `` i am shaking ... people were screaming , '' one passenger tweets .  supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg was on the flight .  there were 179 passengers and six crew members onboard .  an engine problem caused the evacuation , an airport authority spokesman say .
 kidnapper apologizes to elizabeth smart , will cooperate <sec> new : `` i 'm so sorry , elizabeth , '' wanda barzee says , according to transcript .  new : elizabeth smart 's dad calls barzee `` a victim to a point '' .  plea agreement depends on barzee 's cooperation , u.s. attorney says .  authorities recommend 15-year sentence for barze .
 horse meat concerns date to february 2012 , official says <sec> denmark , hungary , italy notified last year about possible issues .  danish officials said they were concerned about paper trail surrounding one horse .  the discovery of horse meat in beef products has put europe 's meat industry in disarray .  irish investigators found horse and pig dna in hamburger products in januar .
 how the media trivialize the election <sec> howard kurtz : we 've seen media seize on a parade of trivial statements in campaign .  he cites `` binders full of women , '' `` horses and bayonets '' and big bird .  kurtz says coverage of the substance of the campaign gets overshadowed by minor things .  he says media chasing an audience discard serious issues and focus on crowd-pleasing theme .
 history amended by earliest recording of sound <sec> historians and audiophiles are on a mission to find and preserve the earliest recordings .  modern technology is unlocking recordings from more than 150 years ago .  tim brooks is researching the earliest african-american recording .
 google set to unveil subscriptions for specialist youtube videos <sec> google on verge of unveiling subscription service for youtube 's specialist video channels .  aims to finance a broader range of content and add a second revenue stream .  viewers will be able to subscribe to each channel for as little as $ 1.99 a mont .
 photos surface of a large , early-2000s ipad prototype <sec> photos found of an apple tablet mockup from the early 2000s .  early ipad prototype was an inch thick .  the court documents were part of the ongoing patent fights between apple and samsun .
 climate change proposal would revolutionize value of forests <sec> world leaders gather at the united nations for special climate change summit .  treaty based on finding that destroying tropical forests adds to global warming .  with proposed provision , stored carbon dioxide in forests could be bought and sold .  reduced emissions from deforestation and degradation provision has critic .
 most bizarre hotel guest requests <sec> one guest requested camels to buy , only to turn them down for `` missing a hump '' .  another guest asked to scatter her dog 's ashes in the sea -- her wish was granted .  an australian couple requested near life-sized chocolate statues of themselve .
 anti-semitism 's ugly return ( opinion ) <sec> tim stanley : anti-semitism surfaced in the wake of the controversy over gaza war .  he says some conflate israel and its policies with jews in general .  it 's vital to ensure that historic prejudice does n't get revived , he says .  stanley : anti-semitism has long been connected to far right , but some on left tolerate i .
 kyron 's mom : 'so sorry that i was not there to protect you ' <sec> kyron horman , 7 , missing since june 4 .  biological mother writes open letter .  `` i am sorry that i was not there to protect you , '' she writes .  authorities continue to search , seek lead .
 malaysian passengers aboard flight mh17 repatriated <sec> specially chartered malaysia airlines flight arrives in kuala lumpur .  carrying bodies of 20 passengers killed aboard flight mh17 .  mh17 shot over ukraine , with the loss of 298 passengers and crew on boar .
 doctors to provide update on rep. gabrielle giffords ' condition <sec> giffords is recuperating at a rehabilitation hospital in houston .  she was shot in the head outside an arizona supermarket in january .  a judge has entered `` not guilty '' pleas on behalf of the shooting suspect .  he also ordered a competency hearing for loughne .
 what gwyneth paltrow 's 'conscious uncoupling ' really means <sec> actor gwyneth paltrow and musician chris martin announced they are splitting up .  a notice on paltrow 's goop website deemed the split a `` conscious uncoupling '' .  drs . .  habib sadeghi and sherry sami explained the term on goop .  `` from this perspective , there are no bad guys , just two people , '' they sa .
 ads on nyc buses target those wanting to leave islam <sec> controversial nyc ads target those leaving islam .  ads funded by stop islamization of america group .  new york mta says no complaints have been receive .
 dutch soccer games canceled in tribute to slain linesman <sec> all amateur games are canceled this weekend , the dutch football association says .  a minute 's silence will be held before professional games in tribute to the linesman .  three teenagers have been charged in the death of the linesman .  a dutch newspaper ad says , `` without respect , no football .
 two arrested in beating over michael brown question <sec> the two males arrested are 21 and 15 years old , st. louis police say in a tweet .  a video that went viral showed three black males attacking a white ma .
 latinos : what really brings them to the polls ( opinion ) <sec> motivation for voting in midterms was deeply personal , says arturo vargas .  many latinos reported voting for community rather than for party candidate , he says .  vargas : race for colorado senate seat showed latino votes are up for grab .
 iranian newspaper says french first lady deserves to die <sec> new : iranian newspaper reiterates its derogatory remarks about french first lady .  new : insult prompts iranian foreign ministry to warn news media .  paper says carla bruni-sarkozy should be executed for defending woman in stoning cas .
 lawrence taylor 's accuser sues , alleges assault <sec> cristina fierro was 16 when the former nfl star was accused of sexual misconduct .  now 18 , she went public with her story earlier this year .  she 's now accusing taylor of assault and battery , seeking damages .  taylor 's lawyer blames new legal action on lawyer 's `` intoxication with media coverage .
 california cemetery accused of desecrating remains <sec> eden memorial park , in mission hills , california , is large jewish cemetery .  lawsuit says it breaks open vaults , discards remains to make room .  cemetery is owned by service corporation international .  sci spokeswoman says allegations in the lawsuit are not vali .
 north korea 's kim visits china , xinhua reports <sec> kim jong il arrives in northeastern china , according to a brief report .  he visited russia earlier this week .  he said he was prepared to return to nuclear talks without conditions .  the united states and south korea want a sign he is serious about denuclearizatio .
 champions league : bayern munich defeats arsenal , milan loses <sec> bayern munich defeats 10-man arsenal 2-0 in london .  toni kroos and thomas muller both on target .  arsenal missed early penalty and had goalkeeper sent off .  david alaba also missed spot kick for bayer .
 fears for stricken soccer player muamba 's recovery <sec> fabrice muamba collapsed during a football match saturday evening .  heart specialist dr. iqbal malik says his professional career has to be in `` much doubt '' .  dr. malik says he received crucial treatment in the first few minute .
 by the numbers : latino voters <sec> 50.5 million -- latinos in the united states ( out of 308.7 million people ) .  67 -- percentage of latino voters who voted for barack obama in the 2008 election .  31 -- percentage who chose john mccain .  38.6 -- percent of eligible voters in new mexico who are latino , the most of any stat .
 software architect reprograms his diet <sec> mclaughlin has struggled with weight his entire life .  after seeing family members ' weight loss , he tried a program called slimming world .  he has lost about 140 pounds in three years .  mclaughlin says his weight loss has improved his career and made him more productiv .
