 the anguish of jackie kennedy ( opinion ) <sec> thomas maier : jackie kennedy letters show emotions of young first lady , later grieving widow .  maier : she puzzled over social protocols as first lady ; pondered suicide when jfk killed .  he says letters a crucial part of historical record , yet have been pulled back by kennedy family .  maier : those that have been seen have been revelatory . .  they should be publi .
 commentary : we should vote on the first saturday in november <sec> roland martin says election day should be changed to the weekend .  weekday voting once made sense , but no longer , martin says .  goal should be to make it easy for as many people to vote as possible , he says .  next president should work with congress to make the switch , he say .
 'prophet of doom ' calls for better u.s. quake preparation <sec> u.s. ranks about a five out of 10 for earthquake preparedness , says expert .  major quake/tsunami will hit oregon coast by 2061 , say geologists .  u.n. cheers asian nations for tsunami warning improvements .  some major u.s. high-rises not adequately retrofitted for japan-strength quak .
 travolta , mourning son 's death , bypasses publicity for film <sec> john travolta releases statement on his web site about `` the taking of pelham 123 '' .  travolta , still mourning son 's death , praised colleagues for `` unselfish efforts '' .  travolta 's son jett died in january during family vacatio .
 dutch architects to build 'world 's first ' 3d printed house <sec> dutch architects are building what they claim is world 's first 3d printed house .  the 13 room canal house will take three years to construct .  some experts question whether this is an efficient way to build new home .
 iran 's proposed cabinet : the old guard is back in charge <sec> president hassan rouhani has presented iran 's parliament with a proposed cabinet list .  ali reza eshraghi says it suggests a return to the old guard , after ahmadinejad .  16 proposed ministers had positions in the government of reformist mohammad khatami .  however , three key posts were not given to pure reformists , eshraghi say .
 landmine victims star in angola pageant <sec> pageant goal is to restore pride to women who lost limbs to angola 's landmines .  organizers also want to raise awareness about danger of buried landmines .  winner gets a new prosthetic limb ; all contestants will get government help .  thousands of angolans have been maimed by landmines during 27-year civil wa .
 bomb threat looms over lebanese villagers <sec> bomb disposal teams leave lebanon as funding dries up in economic crisis .  thousands of unexploded bombs litter landscape around lebanese villages .  hundreds have been killed , hurt by deadly remnants of 2006 israel-hezbollah conflic .
 u.s. diplomat : north korea to be subject of talks 'in the near future ' <sec> talks to be held 'in the near future , ' state department official says .  south korea , japan and the united states are to participat .
 malaysia airlines flight diverted after electrical problem <sec> the plane 's electrical generator stopped working , the airline says .  it was diverted to hong kong , where it landed safely .  the flight was meant to go to incheon airport in south korea .  malaysia airlines is in the spotlight over its missing flight 37 .
 who 's using mobile maps and check-ins -- and who 's not ? <sec> pew : three-quarters of u.s. smartphone owners use location-based apps .  that 's an increase , but leaves 25 % shying away from one of mobile 's prime features .  older users , those with older phones might not be using maps .  higher-income users are less likely to use place-based check-ins like foursquar .
 fbi did its job in tsarnaev probe , obama says <sec> new : suspect 's widow wants his remains released to her in-laws .  president obama defends fbi probe , calls review of boston intel `` standard procedure '' .  he defends fbi investigation of bombing suspect , though a gop senator remains critical .  investigators find a fingerprint in bomb debris ; no match yet , official say .
 kei nishikori ends jo-wilfried tsonga 's atp finals hopes <sec> jo-wilfried tsonga will miss atp finals after losing to kei nishikori in paris .  frenchman was one place outside those who will qualify for season-ending event .  japan 's nishikori will next face another french london hopeful , richard gasquet .  world no . .  2 novak djokovic wins his opening match at the masters 1000 even .
 should americans worry after 1st ebola diagnosis in us ? <sec> unlike a cold or the flu , ebola can not be transmitted before symptoms show up .  cdc director : all passengers boarding from ebola hotspots are screened for fever .  a man being treated for ebola in dallas had symptoms for about 4 days before he was isolated .  cdc team trying to find those who came in contact with him ; will monitor them for symptom .
 do n't fear the rise of china <sec> joseph nye , who coined term `` soft power , '' says china 's power is far behind that of u.s . .  he says rise of germany a century ago threatened britain , led to world war .  nye says china 's focus has been on its own region .  he says china has major internal and external challenges to overcom .
 cnn student news transcript - november 9 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 breaking down barriers so foster kids can find a family <sec> david wing-kovarik started a nonprofit to help other gay americans become parents .  in many states , same-sex couples can not jointly adopt a child .  more than 100,000 boys and girls are waiting for adoption in the united states .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2012 cnn heroe .
 'it brings me little joy ' to kill , suspect in lee rigby slaying says <sec> jurors hear michael adebolajo 's police interview on the fourth day of his murder trial .  he and michael adebowale have pleaded not guilty in the killing of soldier lee rigby in may .  in the interview , he praised allah and his treatment by police , criticized british rulers .  adebolajo polite , did n't show signs of mental disorder , regret or remorse , psychiatrist say .
 u.s.-cuba relations : barack obama , raul castro meet - cnnpolitics.com <sec> `` the cold war has been over for a long time , '' president obama says .  the thaw in ties has dominated discussion at the summit of the americas in panama .  the top leaders from the united states and cuba have n't met for substantive talks in more than 50 year .
 boston bomber suspect 's pal expected to change plea <sec> the friend is charged with removing a backpack and computer from dorm room .  it was the room of accused boston bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev .  dias kadyrbayev is charged with obstructing justice and conspiracy .  he is expected to plead guilty to those federal charges on thursda .
 ultimate himalayan retreat : yoga , meditation , wildlife <sec> india 's basunti retreat is located in the kangra valley , one of the most spiritual regions of india .  acclaimed anusara yoga teacher conducts annual 10-day yoga sessions at basunti .  wildlife includes a leopard , mongoose , snakes , scorpions , butterflies , birds and fis .
 'real housewives ' cast member 's fiancé dies after fight at club <sec> new : both men said to be managers of strip club where fight occurred .  ashley `` a.j . '' .  jewell dies after fistfight outside atlanta club , police say .  jewell was fiancé of kandi burruss of tv show `` real housewives of atlanta '' .  suspect charged with involuntary manslaughter after questioning by polic .
 premier league : liverpool defeats manchester united <sec> liverpool defeats manchester united 3-0 at old trafford .  steven gerrard scored twice from the penalty spot .  gerrard missed a third penalty before luis suarez scored .  arsenal defeats tottenham 1-0 in north london derb .
 justice stevens cites influence of marbury v. madison <sec> supreme court justice john paul stevens says case inspired his career .  88-year-old justice 's analysis of case is part of a new book .  marbury v. madison is 1803 high court case dealing with separation of power .
 student tells paper she 's sorry for 'jena 6 ' re-enactment <sec> student tells news-star of monroe , louisiana , she was n't making fun of `` jena 6 '' .  kristy smith posted tape on her facebook page ; it has since been removed .  hundreds meet on university of louisiana-monroe campus in response to video .  six black students , dubbed `` jena 6 , '' accused of beating white studen .
 wisconsin da resigns , governor says <sec> ken kratz is under fire for texts he sent to a crime victim .  earlier , kratz said he was sorry but would not resign .  he was most recently on medical leav .
 israel 's richest man risks anger over uk move <sec> israel 's richest man is moving to london for `` family reasons '' .  idan ofer is worth $ 6.5 billion .  ofer is controlling shareholder of israel corp , the country 's largest holding company .  israelis demonstrated in 2011 against the influence of the country 's wealthy magnate .
 cost overruns have military facing 'train wreck , ' mccain says <sec> senators announce push to rein in weapons spending , tighten pentagon oversight .  push to include legislation for new watchdog posts , hearings into contracting .  senators : cost of 95 major weapons systems have ballooned by 30 percent .  `` we can not continue on this path of escalating costs , '' sen. mccain say .
 dutch arrests may have been dry run , u.s. source says <sec> new : men in custody may have been testing security .  new : the items included bottles with phones or watches attached .  arrests follow chicago-to-amsterdam flight .  dutch investigators keep lid on detail .
 dennis rodman apologizes for north korea outburst <sec> family accepts rodman apology for `` outrageous '' remarks .  `` i embarrassed a lot of people , '' rodman says in a statement released by his publicist .  rodman had made a bizarre outburst about an american detained in north korea .  `` i had been drinking , '' he says , admitting that it 's not an excus .
 somali gunmen kidnap doctors without borders workers <sec> gunman seized convoy in southwestern somalia , let elders go , abducted workers .  doctors without borders has not yet released the names of those abducted .  attacks on aid workers are common in the regio .
 guard killed , journalist hurt in suicide bombing at u.s. embassy in turkey <sec> a suicide blast occurs at a checkpoint on the perimeter of the u.s. embassy in ankara .  a wounded journalist was going to have tea with the u.s. ambassador , he says .  the ambassador has talked with the family of the `` excellent '' guard killed in the blast .  the bomber , part of a leftist terror group , was known to the u.s. , source say .
 'men working ' leaves half the world out <sec> cynthia good asked son , boys if they would feel left out if called a part of `` womankind '' .  good 's question was to show why women and girls might feel excluded by word `` mankind '' .  words excluding females seem antiquated now that women are half the workforce , she says .  good : phrases that omit a group have no place in organizations valuing diversit .
 opinion : susan rice 's new job : egos and elbows <sec> david rothkopf : susan rice is a natural choice for national security adviser .  he says she 's been lightning rod on benghazi but is experienced foreign policy expert .  he says rice must rein in contentiousness on display at u.n. , manage huge staff .  rothkopf : unpredictable problems abroad may be obstacles for strong obama all .
 'inclusive ' political solution urged in egypt <sec> new : `` only an inclusive process will work , '' eu 's top diplomat , catherine ashton , says .  new : interim government 's immediate priority is to end violence , the vice president says .  new : a rights groups call for the interior minister 's resignation over protester deaths .  morsy supporters say they will keep demonstratin .
 suspect in at least 10 bank robberies arrested <sec> new : ex-trooper checked `` america 's most wanted '' site after becoming suspicious .  chad schaffner apprehended by police saturday in kingdom city , missouri .  schaffner named suspect in at least 10 bank robberies in at least four states .  identification came after surveillance images posted on billboards in the sout .
 a year after quake , washington monument still under repair <sec> new : the damaged national cathedral gets a $ 5 million gift for restoration efforts .  the washington monument can withstand a worst-case earthquake , a study shows .  the iconic landmark will be in full scaffolding for upcoming repairs .  officials are planning an earthquake preparedness drill for the regio .
 boyfriend indicted in death of swimsuit designer <sec> son of an oscar-winning composer was indicted in the strangulation of his girlfriend .  the details over the indictment of nick brooks , 24 , are currently sealed .  the body of swimsuit designer sylvie cachay was found at soho house club and hote .
 report : americas and caribbean top global murder rates <sec> the u.n. report estimates global homicides at 468,000 .  murder rates are highest in parts of the americas and africa .  eight in 10 homicide victims are men , report says .  most women are murdered at hom .
 ohio executes inmate using single-drug method <sec> kenneth biros was convicted of killing and dismembering a 22-year-old woman in 1991 .  he was executed tuesday using a new , untested one-drug method of lethal injection .  his attorney objected to the method , saying it was unconstitutional .  the u.s. supreme court without comment denied a request to stay the executio .
 nepali pm resigns in bid to save 'infant democracy ' <sec> government calls president 's order to keep army chief in office `` unconstitutional '' .  prime minister pushpa kamal dahal resigns over order .  maoist government ordered army chief of staff to be fired after recruitment issue .  military refused to stop recruiting soldiers while it has n't accepted ex-maoist rebel .
 beware the facebook 'friend collector ' <sec> have a facebook friend who does n't respond to your posts ? .  they 're likely a `` friend collector '' .  many friend collectors send requests out of curiosity and nosiness .  should writers promote their work on twitter ? .  yes , but they must do so in a tactical wa .
 arachnophobe creates cape woven from spider silk <sec> cape and scarf made of spider silk on display at london 's v & a museum .  dozens of specially-trained handlers spent seven years collecting more than 1.2 million golden orb spiders .  bright yellow , extremely strong silk was harvested from the spiders , which were later released back into the wild .  cape is embroidered with spiders , brocade scarf is woven in traditional malagasy styl .
 the royal ballet takes on 'alice in wonderland ' <sec> the royal ballet has replaced the nutcracker with alice 's adventures in wonderland this holiday season .  the ballet combines inventive set design and impressive choreography .  all performances are currently sold ou .
 that banksy charlie hebdo tribute you 're sharing is n't his <sec> the image has been shared by more than 100,000 .  it pays tribute to those killed in wednesday 's paris attack .  social media have been flooded with tributes to the victim .
 for many chinese , literary dreams go online <sec> china now has the most internet users in the world .  publishing houses increasingly patrol web sites for writing talent , observer says .  one of china 's biggest literary portals reports 200 million page views a da .
 sneaky or rude -- check your tech etiquette <sec> remove ipod earbuds when you 're talking to someone , experts say .  author : anywhere it 's ok to work on a crossword puzzle , you can check your pda .  the sooner you can reply to an e-mail properly , the better , an etiquette expert say .
 former black panther elmer 'geronimo ' pratt dies , attorney says <sec> pratt was convicted of the 1968 murder of a california woman .  the conviction was overturned in 1997 .  pratt said he was not bitter for the wrongful convictio .
 da : high-profile aaron hernandez case brings extra pressure , 'we welcome it ' <sec> former nfl player is charged with first-degree murder , weapons charges .  he 's charged in connection with the slaying of odin lloyd , 27 .  hernandez has pleaded not guilty .  da says his career likely will be defined by cas .
 rouhani : the man to revive iran 's reformist movement ? <sec> the 'dark horse ' of iran 's election , centrist candidate hassan rouhani , is gaining points .  critics had described the race as a sure-fire victory for one of the ruling establishment 's loyalists .  but there are strong signs that rouhani is trying to revive iran 's dormant reform movemen .
 u.s. says business jet forced down in iran <sec> new : iran now says aircraft was forced down a week ago .  there were no americans on board the aircraft , u.s. says .  iranians say they forced down plane after it violated iranian airspace .  iran had claimed aircraft was a u.s. `` falcon fighter .
 wang , africa 's last polar bear , dies <sec> wang suffered from chronic arthritis and liver failure .  he lost his polar bear companion , geebee , in january .  he spent months grieving for her and shunned food .  the johannesburg zoo he 's called home for 28 years euthanized him wednesda .
 22 ways to explore georgetown <sec> shops of georgetown dress presidential daughters , inaugural ball goddesses .  annie creamcheese is a vintage emporium featuring racks of designer dresses .  choose the style , fabric and ribbons for your dream handbag at fornash .  it 's always the 1950s in sixteen fifty nine , full of midcentury modern furnishing .
 mexican president calderon to return to violence-plagued juarez <sec> calderon visited juarez last week to discuss slayings of 15 people .  latest visit will be his third since taking office in 2006 .  calderon 's resignation has been sought by residents .  he is leading a campaign to rid mexico of drug traffickin .
 opinion : 3 ways to thwart n. korea 's nukes <sec> north korea may launch nuclear test to coincide with obama 's visit to south korea .  writers : if it 's a more serious provocation , it could signal an uptick in nuclear capability .  they say strong u.n. sanctions necessary to stop a possible march toward nukes .  writers : u.s. must strengthen ties with s. korea and japan and build up its deterrent syste .
 mexican authorities arrest suspect in soccer player 's shooting <sec> jose jorge balderas was arrested in mexico city , an official says .  salvador cabanas was shot in the head a year ago .  the paraguayan soccer player survived .  police arrested another suspect in jun .
 police patrol south africa riot zone <sec> an estimated 13,000 people fled homes after violence targeting foreigners .  attacks have been concentrated in johannesburg 's poorest areas .  police arrest more than 200 people after at least 22 are killed .  zimbabweans who have fled their own country are driven from squatter camp .
 fort hood , a home for thousands <sec> general says ongoing wars have put stress on troops and their families .  fort hood is largest u.s. military installation in the world by size .  on any given day , there can be at least 25,000 to 30,000 people .  it is also a transition point for troops returning to civilian lif .
 paul 's message for 'leave-me-the-hell-alone ' voters <sec> rand paul is in two new ads for senate candidates in new hampshire and iowa .  the ads are produced by the chamber of commerce and support mainstream republicans .  the spots appear in early presidential primary state .
 parents defend right to keep guns in the home <sec> parents say connecticut school shooting reinforces need for guns in home .  if keeping guns in the home , children should know how to use , mother says .  `` it 's up to us as parents to help our children understand that these are not toys , '' mother says .  it 's up to parents to determine if child is mature enough to use guns , gun safety instructor say .
 man 's body found in landing-gear wheel well of plane at dulles airport <sec> crew finds a man 's body on south african airways aircraft .  the airbus a340 was parked in a remote area of dulles .  the find did n't affect flight operation .
 booze-soaked santas have some new yorkers seeing red <sec> a video of misbehaving santas has some new yorkers saying enough is enough .  police were told a fight broke out saturday night in manhattan .  nypd is looking into the incident but has no assault complaints .  new york was just one site for the worldwide holiday gatherings known as santaco .
 ex-gop operative tells cautionary tale about 'how to rig an election ' <sec> allen raymond went to prison for jamming phones of n.h 's democratic party .  operation also prevented local firefighters from helping senior citizens get to polls .  raymond called scheme ingenious in an `` evil genius sort of way '' .  democrats insist phone jamming operation had national implication .
 cbs ' lara logan , producer on leave after discredited benghazi report <sec> lara logan and producer max mcclellan agree to leave suggested by cbs .  leaves of absence come at the end of an internal review of their benghazi report .  the `` 60 minutes '' report centered on a source who gave contradictory accounts .  logan apologized for the october report earlier this mont .
