 swedish billionaire 's son arrested on suspicion of murder , police say <sec> new : a spokesman for hans kristian rausing says he has yet to be questioned .  the inquest into the death of his wife , eva rausing , opens in london .  police tell the coroner hans kristian rausing was arrested on suspicion of murder .  authorities are awaiting results of a post-mortem examinatio .
 opinion : why 2014 is the year to watch <sec> julian zelizer : midterm elections could change the balance of power in congress .  zelizer : if democrats win , they can force compromise ; if gop wins , it can torpedo obama .  he says midterms will be a glimpse at challenges and promises parties will offer in 2016 .  zelizer : elections will also offer a huge stage for possible presidential candidate .
 rory mcilroy blows victory chance at pga national <sec> russell henley wins four-man playoff for honda classic .  birdies first extra hole at pga national in florida .  rory mcilroy sees chances disappear on 'bear trap ' .  tiger woods forced to withdraw with a back proble .
 opinion : gop , ready to turn your back on nra ? <sec> joe mclean : the nra has bought many elections with massive spending .  mclean : but americans are finally fed up and seem to be cooling toward the nra .  he says some senators who voted down background checks saw a hit in approval ratings .  mclean : more politicians may change their minds if they lose support for opposing gun contro .
 sly stone wins $ 5 million jury verdict <sec> music icon sly stone wins a $ 5 million jury verdict .  jury found stone was owed royalties and damages by former manager , attorney .  sly and the family stone were known for hits like `` everyday people .
 court strikes down arkansas law on execution methods <sec> governor says no plans for special session on death penalty law .  arkansas supreme court says lawmakers gave too much discretion to corrections officials .  death row inmates said law violated separation of powers .  the ruling does not invalidate the state 's death penalt .
 could big cities lead the fight against climate change ? <sec> world bank : cities produce roughly 2.6 billion tons of carbon emissions each year .  some scientists believe expanding cities could help curb carbon emissions in the long term .  two urban climate change experts give their views on cities importance to curbing future emission .
 out of this world : the best selfies from space <sec> buzz aldrin posted what he calls `` the world 's first space selfie , '' taken in 1966 .  it was captured while he was shooting pics of ultraviolet stars while on the gemini 12 mission .  `` i did n't realize i was pioneering the selfies , '' aldrin told cnn .  today it 's a fairly popular past-time for astronauts to send selfies home from spac .
 opinion : no prison for rape -- an illegal sentence ? <sec> an alabama man was sentenced to no prison time for rape conviction .  danny cevallos says alabama law , rules give judges discretion to suspend prison terms .  he says even if the sentence is legal , it may not be a moral one .  cevallos : people who object should blame legislature and courts , in addition to judg .
 london attack : are terrorists targeting soldiers at home again ? <sec> cruickshank : track record of al qaeda-inspired extremists targeting soldiers .  british police uncovered 2007 plot to kidnap and murder a muslim british soldier .  security services looking at whether london suspects linked to any groups .  leading al qaeda clerics have called those who target western soldiers 'heroes .
 why modi 's visit matters ( opinion ) <sec> indian prime minister narendra modi is visiting the united states .  india , u.s. have seemed like estranged partners , writes richard fontaine .  modi 's visit to u.s. is an opportunity to rejuvenate bilateral ties , fontaine say .
 doctors working in fast-food restaurants <sec> latino immigrant doctors are working menial jobs in the united states .  many have a hard time transitioning into the u.s. health system .  a ucla program aims to assist the doctors in getting back into the medical fiel .
 heavy snow threatens parts of west <sec> new : higher elevations of the rocky mountains are expected to get hit the hardest .  up to 15 inches of snow could fall in some areas .  roads are icy in new mexico .  on tuesday blizzard warnings stretched from colorado to texa .
 obama arrives in south korea for g-20 summit <sec> he 'll attend the g-20 summit , which is aimed at stabilizing the world 's financial markets .  the g-20 has acknowledged that the global economic recovery is uneven and fragile .  obama 's visit to seoul will include a meeting with the presidents of south korea and china .  he left indonesia early , because volcanic ash could have grounded air force on .
 chris brown accused of falsifying community service <sec> new : brown 's lawyer calls the da 's charges `` scurrilous , libelous and defamatory '' .  the los angeles district attorney says brown 's community service paperwork is `` at worst fraudulent reporting '' .  the prosecutor wants brown to redo his 180 days community service .  brown is on five years ' probation for assaulting girlfriend rihanna four years ag .
 report : kaka joining real madrid for $ 92m <sec> spanish radio station cadena ser claim kaka agrees $ 92m real madrid move .  kaka currently in brazil with the national team ahead of a world cup qualifier .  reports said kaka will sign for five years with salary worth nearly $ 13m a yea .
 do n't let big brewers win beer wars <sec> steve hindy : anheuser busch aims to buy modelo , corona beer maker ; craft brewers worry .  already millercoors and ab control most of u.s. beer market ; deal would make it 80 % .  he says the duopoly has huge influence on beer distribution ; leaves craft brewers struggling .  hindy : in other industries , like oil , antitrust rulings draw line for market share . .  why not for beer .
 kroger announces select pet food recall <sec> the kroger co. fears some pet foods contaminated .  the contaminant is a fungal toxin introduced during production , harvest storage or processing .  pet symptoms include sluggishness and loss of appetit .
 little-known candidates could harm romney , obama bids <sec> third-party candidates could impact close races in swing states .  cnn 's polling director says there is no statistical impact so far .  conservative virgil goode could siphon votes from mitt romney in virginia .  libertarian gary johnson 's campaign says it attracts republicans and democrat .
 commentary : when a black man was invited to the white house <sec> h.w . .  brands : roosevelt-washington white house dinner was controversial .  he says the the opposition was about power as well as about race .  african-americans have often been guests at the white house .  brands : when obama moves in , it will represent a leap in terms of powe .
 opinion : bloomberg could fix obamacare <sec> michael zuckerman : health and human services secretary should be replaced .  he says new york michael bloomberg has the ability to fix what 's wrong with obamacare .  bloomberg 's term is ending , and he 's looking for a big new job , zuckerman says .  zuckerman : picking bloomberg would allow obama a fresh start on his signature progra .
 palestinian diplomat injured in explosion in prague <sec> police identified the victims as jamal al jamal , 57 , and his 52-year-old wife .  al jamal was taken to a hospital , where he was in an induced coma with serious injuries .  his wife was taken to a hospital after inhaling smoke and suffering from shoc .
 australia sets record for largest bikini parade <sec> the old record was set last year in the cayman islands .  australia breaks the record with 357 bikini-clad women .  four women are disqualified for overdressin .
 bill cosby honored by navy <sec> comedian bill cosby gets an honorary rank in the navy .  cosby joined the navy in 1956 , without a high school diploma .  cosby credits his service in the navy with giving him what he needed .  he says finishing boot camp was the first time his mother saw him graduate from anythin .
 suit : kbr forced nepali men to work against will in iraq <sec> suit claims that nepali men were told they would work in kitchens in jordan .  they were instead sent to iraq where they were captured and killed , suit says .  kbr issued statement defending company but not directly addressing allegation .
 bayern munich confirm van bommel as captain <sec> bayern munich confirm mark van bommel as their captain for the new season .  the dutchman was given armband by jurgen klinsmann after oliver kahn quit .  franck ribery declared fit to stary training after battling tendonitis in his kne .
 champions league : silva redeems himself as psg topples chelsea <sec> french side paris saint-germain knock chelsea out of the european champions league .  a goal in extra time from thiago silva sends french champions through on away goals .  psg played 90 minutes with 10 men after zlatan ibrahimovic 's first-half dismissal .  bayern munich hammer shakhtar donetsk 7-0 to book its place in the last eigh .
 canada geese brought flight 1549 down , ntsb says <sec> investigators have yet to determine how many birds hit the plane 's engines .  canada geese caused engines to lose power , ntsb says .  bird ingestion forced us airways flight 1549 to land in hudson river last month .  all 155 passengers and crew members on board survived the landin .
 obamacare : fewer options for many <sec> insurers in obamacare marketplaces providing fewer in-network doctors , experts say .  `` ( but ) we 're going to get better benefits , '' economist says .  consumers should check with doctors to see if they accept marketplace plan .
 google 's blazingly fast internet goes live in kansas city <sec> google fiber , the company 's ultra-high speed internet service , went live on tuesday in kansas city .  user : `` it 's unbelievable . .  i 'm probably not going to leave the house '' .  the service is significantly faster than what traditional american isps are offering .  resident may rent out room to google fiber `` tourists '' who might want to come to try it ou .
 uganda investigates death of u.s. tv producer <sec> new : `` the amazing race '' team is `` shocked '' and `` saddened '' .  american producer was found dead in uganda .  police attribute death to drug overdose ; report to be issued .  jeff rice worked on several reality tv show .
 texas inmate set to die for hate crimes in 9/11 's wake <sec> mark stroman is set to die for 2001 murder of indian man .  he says september 11 attacks triggered something inside him .  state says attacks were fueled by hatred .  one of stroman 's victims is pushing for clemenc .
 protesters descend on wall street , new york city banks <sec> thousands of protesters hit streets , demand wall street accountability .  group blames financial institutions for lingering recession .  protesters deliver letters to ceos for jp morgan chase , wells farg .
 whitney 's death : sad , but no shock <sec> we do n't know why whitney houston died ; toxicology report due in a few weeks .  lz granderson : her struggles with addiction over the past years were well-known .  but nobody matched her voice , he writes , and nobody can sing a whitney song .  lz says houston 's tragedy is a prime example of money not buying happines .
 south korean man accused in u.s. envoy stabbing charged <sec> kim ki-jong is charged with attempted murder and assaulting a foreign envoy .  he 's accused of stabbing u.s . .  ambassador mark lippert in the face and arm .  police said kim opposed the joint u.s.-south korean military drill .
 investigating airasia qz8501 : what needs to be done ? <sec> experts : first priority is to recover bodies and return them to families .  location of debris and bodies are carefully logged and mapped .  data recorders are key pieces of evidence .  salvage operations have been used for plane crashes that were deeper than java se .
 happy 5th # birthday @ twitter <sec> the first tweet was posted by co-founder jack dorsey on march 21 , 2006 .  twitter now has nearly 200 million users posting 140 million tweets a day .  it has played a role in events from charlie sheen 's battle with cbs to the egyptian revolutio .
 will your internet provider be spying on you ? <sec> douglas rushkoff : your internet service provider may soon begin monitoring your account .  he says new alliance of fox , disney , sony , big isps to detect , stop online piracy .  he says new plan lets isp 's keep track of , punish offenders , but could take in the innocent .  rushkoff : subscribers will be losing expectation of privacy from their own service provider .
 lugar 's parting words : part defense , part warning <sec> lugar delivers a statement that is part defense and part warning .  mourdock 's stand-your-ground approach is not conducive to problem-solving , lugar says .  he says he stands by his votes `` without regrets .
 maria sharapova out of u.s. open <sec> maria sharapova pulls out of the u.s. open with a shoulder injury .  the world no . .  3 was a champion at flushing meadows in 2006 .  she is replaced as third seed by poland 's agnieszka radwanska .  former u.s. no . .  1 mardy fish to miss the u.s. open due to health issue .
 golf no.1 mcilroy walks off the course as form slump continues <sec> rory mcilroy walks off the course during disastrous second round in florida .  no.1 cites a troublesome wisdom tooth for his sudden withdrawal .  honda classic title holder mcilroy was seven over par after eight holes at pga national .  he has suffered a form slump since a big money switch to nik .
 bachmann ready to 'take the handcuffs off ' <sec> rep. michelle bachmann says though she 's leaving the hill , she wants to play a role in the 2016 white house race .  bachmann says she has no plans to run for president , but does want to `` speak nationally on a variety of issues .
 will online classes make professors extinct ? <sec> david wheeler : tenure-track full-time professors are an endangered species .  wheeler : blame it on the fervor for large-scale online education initiatives .  he says colleges are embracing online courses for cost-cutting reasons .  wheeler : but in the long term they could destroy america 's higher education syste .
 lactation station kiosk opens at vermont airport <sec> the kiosk has corian surfaces , a fold-down table and a power supply .  it allows mothers to breast-feed or pump discreetly while away from home .  a vermont mother helped design the `` pod '' .  she hopes it can be used in other public places and workplace .
 african moms : be patient with your unmarried daughters <sec> china okasi : moms everywhere like to ask their daughters why they 're not married .  okasi : being an unmarried african woman is tricky and odd .  she says when women are more educated and global , they do n't just settle and marry .  okasi : modern african women want love and marriage , and not `` intimidated '' me .
 ex-siemens execs indicted in argentine bribery scheme <sec> former siemens officials are accused of paying more than $ 100 million in bribes .  the bribes allegedly were to get a $ 1 billion contract from argentina .  the firm even tried to recoup its losses when the project was terminated , indictment say .
 greek politicians , do n't destroy your nation 's future <sec> parliamentary election in greece delivered a crushing blow to the two dominant political parties .  yannis palaiologos and theodore pelagidis : expect uncertainty and frustration .  palaiologos , pelagidis : if parties fail to form coalition , businesses , economy will suffer .  they say that the future of greece depends on the ability of its politicians to come togethe .
 car safety systems step up <sec> high-tech advancements push auto-safety systems forward .  having reputation for building safe vehicles helps automakers sell more cars .  mercedes ' rear view monitor views directly behind the vehicle as it backs up .  chrysler system senses when car is in danger of rolling ove .
 1995 and 2013 : three differences between two shutdowns - cnnpolitics.com <sec> 1995-'96 shutdowns were in a politically and economically different time .  those years , political leaders were more willing to negotiate .  with districts more partisan , there are fewer moderates in the house today .  unlike today , the mid-'90s economy was boomin .
 'you light up my life ' composer kills self , police say <sec> joseph brooks faced rape and sex assault charges , police say .  a friend found him dead in his new york home sunday .  the songwriter left a suicide note , police say .  `` you light up my life '' was the top hit of 197 .
 top u.s. spots for family fun <sec> national parks and other nature-focused u.s. destinations are family favorites .  familyfun magazine surveyed 2,000 parents for family-friendly destination rankings .  parents chose top spots in their part of the country : west , midwest , south and northeast .  yellowstone national park tops the list .
 elderly more at risk from h7n9 , say researchers <sec> research into the h7n9 virus suggests the risk of contracting serious illness rises with age .  china 's health ministry on monday confirmed a total of 105 cases and 21 deaths .  the virus has been identified in beijing , shanghai and four provinces including shandong for the first time .  the who has said so far there is no evidence of human-to-human transmission in h7n .
 russia slams u.s. over sentence for arms dealer viktor bout <sec> russia 's foreign ministry says the verdict against viktor bout is `` baseless and biased '' .  bout was sentenced to 25 years in prison by a new york court .  he was convicted last year on four counts stemming from weapons deals .  moscow will do all it can to bring about bout 's return to russia , the foreign ministry say .
 rick warren 's son lost in 'wave of despair ' <sec> autopsy concludes warren died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound .  matthew warren battled `` mental illness , dark holes of depression , '' father says .  despite best health care , '' this was an illness that was never fully controlled , '' church says .  pastor rick warren is a pioneer in the megachurch movemen .
 juan martin del potro stuns rafael nadal at shanghai masters <sec> juan martin del potro beats new no . .  1 rafael nadal at the shanghai masters .  with the win , del potro also earns a spot at the year-end championships in london .  del potro faces novak djokovic in the final after the serb dispatched jo-wilfried tsonga .  djokovic boosted his winning streak in china to an impressive 19 matche .
 strauss-kahn lawyers fight against prostitutes claim <sec> attorney : there is no evidence strauss-kahn knew women at sex parties were paid .  other suspects say the former imf chief did not know , henri leclerc says .  strauss-kahn is warned he is being investigated for `` aggravated pimping '' .  french police are investigating a high-profile prostitution ring in lill .
 in northern syria , rebels use satire as a weapon <sec> rebels in northern syrian town chide al-assad with satirical posters , videos .  leader says laughter shows world `` we are human and we want to live '' .  latest video features civilians and free syria army rebels dressed like caveme .
 gainey leads as battle for fedex cup places hots up <sec> tommy gainey leads at halfway stage of wyndham championship .  gainey cards a second round 65 to follow his opening seven-under 63 .  south african ernie els in four-strong chasing group on nine-under .  els , camilo villegas and padraig harrington battling for fedex cup playoffs spot .
 steyn shreds indian batting line-up <sec> south africa paceman dale steyn takes eight wickets on third day of first test in nagpur .  steyn claims career-best 7-51 to skittle india for 233 to earn a huge lead of 325 .  he then dismisses first-innings centurion virender sehwag as india reach 66-2 at stumps .  new zealand take unassailable 2-0 lead in one-day series against visiting banglades .
 nest makes the smoke alarm smarter <sec> nest protect is a new `` smart '' smoke and carbon monoxide detector .  it sends alerts to phones , turns off with a wave and includes a human voice recording .  the $ 129 device will be available in november online and in best buy store .
 virginia hospital : former nba star manute bol dead at 47 <sec> at 7-feet-7 , manute bol was one of the tallest players in nba history .  he was known as a shot blocker in his 10-year professional career .  bol , a native of war-torn sudan , reportedly donated his nba earnings to charities .  the virginia hospital where he died did not disclose the cause of deat .
 the obamacare question : can the website handle the volume ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> saturday is the administration 's deadline for healthcare.gov to work for most users .  officials say the website will work better but warn that some problems will persist .  latest snafu : small businesses ca n't enroll online for a year .  tech expert : success means high traffic moving fast and smoothl .
 essential dallas guide for executive travelers <sec> the rooftop pool at the joule juts out over the street below .  the nylo dallas south side hotel is set in a former sears warehouse dating to 1911 .  white rock lake has nine miles of paved trails for joggers and bikers .  dallas ' art district , spanning several blocks , is the largest art district in the united state .
 stars of '42 ' talk jackie robinson 's legacy <sec> `` 42 '' chronicles jackie robinson 's groundbreaking career .  it also highlights his bond with brooklyn dodgers general manager branch rickey .  harrison ford had to persuade the creative team to let him play rickey .  casting selected chadwick boseman to play the baseball grea .
