 seawater and solar grow crops in the desert <sec> sahara forest project in qatar implements a range of cutting-edge green technologies that all work together .  the system includes seawater greenhouses , concentrated solar power and algae production .  the goal is to produce food and other vegetation , as well as desalinated water .  the project has elicited enthusiasm but also skepticism over whether it is a good use of resource .
 why conservatives blame obama for ebola ( opinion ) <sec> lz granderson : a lot of president obama 's critics are blaming him for ebola .  lz : these critics ignore reality and reject facts , and want to bash obama at every chance .  he says obama directed resources to combat ebola crisis from the very beginning .  lz : compared to way ronald reagan handled aids crisis , obama deserves prais .
 pope francis meets with netanyahu at vatican <sec> vatican expresses hope for israeli-palestinian peace talks .  netanyahu meets with pope at vatican 's apostolic palace .  pope expected to visit israel , palestinian territories next yea .
 u.s. , afghanistan sign key 'night raids ' deal <sec> new : a u.s. officer declined to say whether americans would still carry out any special operations unilaterally .  nato official : the deal gives afghans effective veto power over raids .  it also puts afghan commandos in the lead .  raids into homes are deeply unpopular among afghans but the u.s. says they are vita .
 opting out of vaccinations could get tougher in california <sec> bill would require counseling before parents can opt out of vaccinations for kids .  many fears about immunizations are unfounded , doctor says .  world health organization expert says u.s. has one of the largest anti-vaccination voice .
 supreme court debates church-state dispute over public prayers - cnnpolitics.com <sec> several members of congress in attendance for the argument .  greece , new york , town board meetings are opened with a prayer .  two women , an atheist and a jew , say the prayers are overwhelmingly christian .  the high court itself opens its session with a statement that references go .
 ferguson security chief : 'it was a good night ' <sec> the man in charge of security in ferguson walks with protesters .  missouri highway patrol capt . .  ron johnson was tapped for the job thursday .  `` i 'm here to make sure they hear what i 'm talking about , '' johnson says friday .  state troopers took over security in ferguson after days of clashe .
 gabriel garcia marquez , nobel prize-winning author , dies at 87 <sec> new : colombia 's president declares three days of national mourning .  the 87-year-old is widely credited with helping to popularize `` magical realism '' .  garcía márquez stands as one of the most honored authors on earth .  the colombian author died in mexico city , where he live .
 remains found on n.y. beach not those of missing new jersey woman <sec> shannan gilbert , 24 , of jersey city , new jersey , was last seen alive on may 1 .  it is not clear to whom the remains belong .  discovery of the remains last year led authorities to other bodies .  police say they could be dealing with a serial kille .
 mel gibson and america 's hidden racism <sec> blair taylor says in recordings released , mel gibson purportedly had racially offensive tirade .  the recordings , he says , should alert us to 21st century 's sub rosa racial hostility in u.s . .  laws , societal pressure may have damped open racism , but it persists privately , he says .  taylor : society must push back aggressively at racism by educating next generatio .
 world war ii wreckage haunts gulf of mexico <sec> two world war ii shipwrecks lie two miles apart in the gulf of mexico .  one is a german u-boat that sank an american steamer .  nazis sank about 50 american ships in the gulf during the war .  exploration vessel nautilus conducted dives in july to learn more about 1942 inciden .
 coroner : casey johnson died of natural causes <sec> coroner says natural causes related to diabetes caused death of casey johnson .  coroner : socialite died of a serious complication of untreated diabetes .  the 30-year-old had a high-profile relationship with reality tv star tila tequil .
 colombia 's farc rebels announce temporary truce <sec> farc commander ivan marquez calls on the colombian government to join the cease-fire .  colombia 's farc rebels announce one-sided truce as goodwill gesture .  farc is taking part in peace talks with colombia 's government .  bogota has previously rejected any truces before a peace dea .
 to reach the top , do what others wo n't <sec> successful people consistently do the things that others are n't willing to do , says rory vaden .  if you feel yourself putting something off because you 're afraid , do it anyway , he says .  vaden argues that we must stop fixating on the here and now , and think about the big pictur .
 cnn student news - february 25 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 christine o'donnell wins delaware gop senate primary <sec> new : o'donnell says she 'll win without establishment gop support if it 's not offered .  o'donnell , backed by tea party , beats rep. mike castle in gop primary for senate .  top gop official : national republicans will be slow to rally around o'donnell .  democrats say o'donnell win could help them keep a senate sea .
 judges to rule on abu hamza al-masri 's extradition to face u.s. terror charges <sec> lawyers for radical islamist cleric abu hamza al-masri say his mental health is failing .  four other men are also fighting extradition to the united states on terror charges .  u.s. and british government lawyers contested the arguments put forward .  this week 's hearing was the final stage in a long-running legal battl .
 injured no . 1 serena williams follows azarenka in quitting dubai <sec> serena williams pulls out minutes before scheduled clash with marion bartoli .  world no . .  1 says back problem has troubled her for the past fortnight .  american targets next month 's sony ericsson open in miami for comebac .
 florida high-speed train project derailed ; court rules for scott <sec> florida supreme court rules that gov . .  rick scott can reject federal funding .  u.s. transportation secretary said he knows other states want the extra funds .  florida 's governor says the $ 2.4 billion could be better used for other projects .  gov . .  rick scott says cost overruns are a major concern , along with operating cost .
 roger federer takes switzerland into the davis cup final <sec> switzerland to play france in davis cup final .  roger federer wins decisive singles against fabio fognini .  gives swiss an unbeatable 3-1 lead in tie against italy .  france completes 4-1 victory over holders czech republi .
 smog-eating tiles gobble up air pollution <sec> `` smog-eating tiles '' can oxidize the smog-forming nitrogen oxides released in the air .  the technology is used in a number of industries for the creation of eco-friendly products .  experts warn air pollution poses a serious threat to the health of city dwellers .  los angeles has the highest levels of ozone pollution in the united state .
 randy quaid 's wife makes plea deal in hotel case <sec> felony charges dropped against actor and his wife .  they were accused of skipping out on $ 10,000 hotel bill .  evi quaid agrees to misdemeanor charge , probation and community servic .
 tough conversations with good friends <sec> phyllis reveals to elizabeth that she does n't think elizabeth liked her birthday gift .  elizabeth says the gift came with gratitude , appreciation , embarrassment and despair .  `` we wiped away tears , forgave each other , and freshened our drinks .
 iraqi vice president denies allegations <sec> new : al-hashimi disputes the warrant 's accusations .  the iraqi vice president to confront allegations that he organized a death squad to target government officials .  the charges come amid a political crisis and sectarian tension .
 yaya toure wants more respect from the media <sec> yaya toure believes newspapers must depict religion in a more respectful way .  toure fears for the safety of his muslim friends in paris .  the manchester city midfielder is currently with ivory coast ahead of the africa nations cu .
 life after frankel : can genetic 'lightning bolt ' strike twice ? <sec> it is 18 months since wonder horse frankel retired from racing .  jockey tom queally admits he will never ride another like the `` usain bolt of racing '' .  queally has visited frankel just once but has moved on , targeting wins not horses .  frankel 's trainer henry cecil , who died last year , called him `` the best i 've ever seen .
 plane passengers sue tb patient <sec> eight people on flight with andrew speaker sue him for $ 1.3 million .  lawsuit is filed in canada , where plane carrying litigants landed .  georgia health officials say they recommended speaker avoid travel .  patient 's diagnosis downgraded to a less dangerous strain of diseas .
 testimony has yet to open , but 'whitey ' bulger trial already emotional <sec> a jury has yet to be seated in the `` whitey '' bulger trial .  but proceedings are already focusing on the conduct of lawmen .  bulger is charged in the killings of 19 people as the leader of south boston 's winter hill gang . .  prosecutors say he was an fbi informant whose handler tipped him off to charges against hi .
 former captive hannah anderson makes public appearance <sec> hannah anderson , 16 , goes to a fundraiser in her southern california community .  james dimaggio abducted hannah after allegedly killing her brother , mother .  `` she 's doing good day by day , and we 'll keep moving forward , '' her father says .  a friend says hannah anderson is `` strong , i knew she would come back .
 how many have signed up for health care ? well , it depends <sec> white house has n't released numbers on enrollment , leading many to assume it 's low .  most of attention has focused on difficulties in signing up online for health care exchanges .  hhs spokeswoman : administration working aggressively to correct problems for insurers .  official says enrollment numbers are likely to be released in mid-novembe .
 pfizer 's pitch for astrazeneca reveals british protectionism <sec> institute of director 's roger barker says the pfizer bid for astrazeneca has prompted significant political intervention .  he said pfizer 's pursuit of astrazeneca has stirred up a wealth of protectionism , even if it 's a global company .  ultimately the decision is in the hands of the shareholders who must consider the deal carefull .
 'going green : eco pioneers ' -- on cnn <sec> cnn international 's going green is back with new special on eco pioneers .  see `` going green '' for stories , tune into television special from october 1 .  half-hour special profiles four environmental pioneers on four continent .
 panetta visits former u.s. base in vietnam <sec> the cam ranh bay military base was an important logistics hub for the u.s . .  his visit marks the first trip there by an american defense secretary since the war ended .  panetta is on an asia trip aimed at explaining the u.s. strateg .
 poppy hijab honors muslims , sparks controversy <sec> many in britain wear paper poppies during november to remember war dead .  tradition dates back to wwi with money raised supporting former soldiers , families .  now a poppy hijab has gone on sale to a mixed reception onlin .
 'mdna ' gives madonna biggest album debut of 2012 <sec> `` mdna '' is madonna 's fifth consecutive studio album to top the charts .  the 53-year-old pop icon 's album sold 359,000 units .  lionel richie was at number-two on billboard 's top 200 with his new `` tuskegee .
 cnn student news - april 1 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 tuition hike protesters attack car carrying prince charles , camilla <sec> 12 officers , 43 protesters injured in scuffles .  london police decry `` wanton vandalism '' .  protesters attack car carrying prince charles and camilla .  riot police called to quell violence after british parliament approves tuition cap hik .
 u.s. power , influence will decline in future , report says <sec> report says china will have growing impact , second largest economy by 2025 .  there will be an unprecedented global transfer of power because of oil , report says .  indonesia , iran , turkey , will likely see power , desire for natural resources increase .  `` unprecedented '' growth means demand for basic resources will outweigh suppl .
 the ashes : sport or an obsession ? <sec> england and australia will compete for the ashes in a five-match series .  england is favorite to triumph after winning the past two editions .  australia dominated during the 1990s and early 2000s .  contest and rivalry has been running since 188 .
 report : u.s. , pakistan had secret agreement on dozens of drone strikes <sec> washington post : pakistan approved drone program , helped pick at least one target .  white house says two nations routinely have intelligence conversations .  pakistan reiterates position that drone strikes must sto .
 the perfect storm that feeds jihad <sec> aaron david miller : obama 's absence from paris was tone deaf .  he says one lesson of attack : do n't let arab , muslim nations tolerant of jihad off the hook .  miller : anger of some in muslim world at west ca n't be trivialized . .  it 's challenge of our tim .
 fcc approves new limits on automated telemarketing calls <sec> new : rules address `` continued '' robocalls , fcc chairman julius genachowski says .  new : robocalls include an automated , interactive opt-out feature , he says .  also limited are `` dead air '' calls in which no one is on the line when the call is answered .  rules do not apply to companies that have a real person dialing the numbe .
 new englanders dig out after snowstorm <sec> new : atlanta mayor says city will be ready for nfl game .  massachusetts lifts state of emergency .  1,500 households remain without power in massachusetts .  delta cancels 200 flights in an effort to minimize delay .
 political chatter : the new iraq debate <sec> sen. dianne feinstein said intelligence was n't fully aware of the swift capabilities of isis . .  rep. mike rogers said intelligence is n't to blame , policy is . .  former vp dick cheney said obama is `` dead wrong '' on iraq .  sen. rand paul blamed the iraq war for creating chaos in the regio .
 another gsa official placed on leave in spending controversy <sec> general services administration says official appeared to make light of congressional oversight .  newly released video footage continues an uproar over wasteful government spending .  congressional investigators examine the gsa 's lavish 2010 conference in las vegas .  hearings are planned for next week by house and senate committee .
 sheriff : shooter thought wife had sex with louisiana pastor <sec> new : slain pastor 's family `` trying to be strong , '' son says .  investigators are trying to sort out whether rape or affair played role in killing , sheriff says .  pastor ronald j. harris was singing when gunman entered .  woodrow karey , a church deacon , has been charged with second-degree murde .
 alleged etan patz killer indicted , authorities say <sec> new : his attorney says pedro hernandez was diagnosed with schizophrenia .  new : authorities say hernandez 's statements are not a result of mental illness .  patz disappeared on his way to a new york school bus stop more than 33 years ag .
 rare napoleon letter in english goes on sale <sec> it 's the first letter napoleon wrote in english from captivity , the auction house says .  the deposed french emperor learned english in secret to spite his jailers .  the letter could sell for $ 100,00 .
 mexican drug cartels considered terrorists ? <sec> texas republican wants cartels declared terrorist organizations .  ambassador says if so , u.s. drug users should be considered terror `` financiers '' .  american officials are concerned about violence spilling across border .  mexican officials say cartels are not insurgent or politica .
 waging war on skin bleaching <sec> alhaji mustapha oti boateng is a ghanaian entrepreneur .  his line of organic cosmetics has become a household name .  but before falling into skin care , boateng held a variety of odd jobs including taxi driver , salesman .  he reveals how he went from humble taxi driver to organic cosmetics kin .
 obama , roberts get another chance on oath <sec> chief justice john roberts and barack obama deliver flawless oath ceremony this time .  the pair flubbed the oath at inaugural in 2009 , having to redo it the next day .  roberts had oath written on card , same as last time , with spacing for pauses .  obama and roberts will read the oath again on monday at capito .
 scores killed in philippines floods <sec> flooding caused by tropical storm ketsana leaves up to 300,000 displaced .  more than 80 percent of capital was under water at one point sunday .  manila , on island of luzon , and nearby province of rizal bore brunt of storm .  power , water supply fail in some areas ; roads impassable , affecting rescue effort .
 portia de rossi : the first time i truly came out <sec> portia de rossi truly came out during her relationship with ellen degeneres .  the actress said as much to james lipton on `` inside the actor 's studio '' .  degeneres and de rossi went on to marry in 2008 .  in 2010 , de rossi took degeneres ' last nam .
 luise rainer , back-to-back oscar winner , dead at 104 <sec> luise rainer was first actress to win back-to-back oscars .  performer left mgm because she was unhappy with roles .  she had long and rich life in europe , made another movie in 199 .
 madonna reportedly in malawi seeking to adopt girl <sec> the superstar arrived in malawi on sunday .  she reportedly wants to adopt a young girl named mercy james .  the child 's family has reportedly consented to the adoption .  save the children spokesman says madonna should reconsider the mov .
 mental state of convicted killer reviewed in penalty phase of trial <sec> new : a psychiatrist says hayes has exhibited `` suicidal tendencies '' .  new : the doctor says hayes was worried his food was being tainted .  a former correction official testifies about hayes ' disciplinary reports .  hayes was convicted of capital murder in the 2007 home invasio .
 accused toronto mayor : 'i do not use crack cocaine ' <sec> new : toronto 's deputy mayor blasts the news reports , calling one of them `` disgusting '' .  toronto 's mayor speaks at length for first time since being accused of smoking crack .  gawker , the toronto star reporters say they saw video showing rob ford doing drugs .  ford denies using crack cocaine ; says he has n't seen the video , does n't know it exist .
 flip-flops present feet with a painful problem <sec> 78 % of adults ages 21 and up have experienced one or more foot problems in their lives .  one common culprit of america 's hurting feet is flip-flops .  flip-flops offer next to no protection and little arch , heel and lateral support .  look for sandals with a substantial foot bed and softer and broader strap .
 airlines warn of in-flight tears , orgasms <sec> qantas offers a documentary on female orgasm as part of its in-flight entertainment .  the airline warns the documentary is for mature audiences .  tearjerker movies are labeled as such on virgin atlanti .
 search called off for missing comic book artist norman lee <sec> comic book artist norman lee went missing in the cayman islands on thursday .  authorities called off search on friday evenin .
 ash cloud forces barca onto early flight <sec> volcanic ash cloud forces spanish champions onto early flight to london .  barcelona meet manchester united in champions league final on saturday at wemble .
 masala action man mixes it up with hollywood <sec> bollywood leading man akshay kumar has appeared in more than 80 movies .  a former martial arts teacher , kumar made his name as an action hero .  now he finds himself at the forefront of where bollywood meets hollywood .  india is home to $ 15 billion film industry -- the world 's second larges .
 your guide to labor day tv marathons 2013 <sec> labor day is a great one to kick back with some tv .  there will be several marathons of everything from crime shows to comedies .  there is also a bonus shark movie maratho .
 double the style in the twin cities <sec> ellen lawson 's minneapoline blog captures street style in the twin cities .  a hub of local designers and thrift stores influence the fashion in minneapolis .  individual creative and vintage looks make up the style scen .
