 space , the final frontier for 3-d printing <sec> international space station 's 3-d printer has created the first object to be made in orbit .  the object is a white printer part emblazoned with the words `` made in space '' and `` nasa '' .  this could open up space travel as not every object used will need to be launched from eart .
 free pregnancy tests will be in alaska bar bathrooms <sec> in december , the university of alaska anchorage will offer free pregnancy tests in bars .  alaska has one of the highest rates of fetal alcohol syndrome in the country .  this state-funded effort will measure the effectiveness of test .
 report : a decade after hussein , iraq still grapples with human rights abuses <sec> amnesty international says the torture of detainees and unfair trials plague iraq .  the group says detainees are tortured into confessing and sometimes sentenced to death .  reported methods of torture include shocks to the genitals , beatings and partial suffocation .  sectarian strife between sunni and shiite muslims also plagues the countr .
 new hammerhead shark species discovered <sec> carolina hammerhead features are indistinguishable from common scalloped hammerhead .  university of south carolina biology professor joe quattro led researchers .  the state is a well-known pupping ground for several species of shark .
 peterson wo n't play until legal issues are resolved <sec> `` we made a mistake , and we needed to get this right , '' minnesota vikings co-owner says .  running back adrian peterson must `` remain away from all team activities , '' his team says .  previously , the vikings said adrian peterson should play while the legal process plays out .  peterson is charged with felony child abuse after an incident involving disciplining his so .
 piquet jr bides time on f1 return <sec> nelson piquet jr is keen to make a comeback to formula one in the future .  the brazilian 's reputation is tarnished after his part in the `` crashgate '' scandal .  renault confirmed bob bell will be acting team principal for rest of the seaso .
 pink floyd to release first new album in 20 years <sec> pink floyd will release an album in october .  it will be the group 's first new release in 20 years .  the band also celebrated the 20th anniversary of `` division bell '' this summe .
 israel intercepts drone near syrian border <sec> israel uses a patriot missile to take down a drone from syria in the golan heights .  it is the first time israel has shot down a uav from syria .  it 's unclear which group was operating the drone and why .  at least 44 united nations peacekeepers were detained by militants in the golan height .
 chip pan rally <sec> `` grease to greece '' rally challenge will be powered exclusively by cooking oil .  teams will travel from uk through germany , austria , italy and croatia .  aim is to see if using vegetable oil for long distances is practical and feasibl .
 kite detects pollution , shines light on beijing smog <sec> a pair of young designers have created kites that monitor beijing 's air quality .  lights on the kite string would give a simple readout of pollution levels .  kites ' rich history in beijing made it easier to get local residents ' suppor .
 bloomberg says nyc will rebuild with climate change in mind <sec> new : new york will look at levees , dunes and other options for protection .  mayor says new york has to be able to better defend itself against extreme weather .  city will revise building codes , zoning and improve infrastructure , bloomberg says .  groups will focus on addressing climate change and examine city 's sandy respons .
 weight loss : son 's plea inspires woman to drop 64 pounds <sec> jenny spencer put her health on the back burner while caring for two kids and her husband .  spencer 's son asked a question that made her realize she was missing out on life .  she reached her goal weight in march and has maintained her 64-pound los .
 benevolent bureaucrat : ban ki-moon <sec> ban ki-moon elected eighth u.n. secretary-general in october 2006 .  ban has pushed sudan on peacekeepers in darfur and focused on climate change .  ban was ban was south korea 's foreign minister from jan. 2004 to nov. 2006 .  he has long been actively involved in issues relating to inter-korean relation .
 opinions on faith in the black community <sec> professor writes of how to bridge both the african-american experience and the catholic faith . .  t.d . .  jakes : `` prayer is good , but you also have to be able to manage your checkbook . '' .  myokei caine-barrett , of african-japanese descent shares how she found refuge in buddhism .
 speed of sight : the world 's fastest blind daredevil <sec> mike newman is hoping to break the blind water speed record on november 1 .  the 52-year-old broke the blind land speed record last month .  newman was born with glaucoma and lost his sight at age of eight .  blind water speed currently held by former soldier mark threadgold at 91mp .
 obama hopes resurgent libyan opposition can topple gadhafi <sec> president gives an exclusive interview to cnn 's spanish-language network .  gadhafi could `` hunker down '' in the face of a no-fly zone , obama concedes .  the president cites the humanitarian goals of the military missio .
 is good karma good for business ? <sec> businessman christian stadil believes companies must care about more than just money .  `` sustainability should be treated as a business strategy , '' says expert .  outdoor clothing company patagonia is seen as a leader in `` csr 3.0 '' .  stadil believes corporate social responsibility helps attract talented employee .
 report condemns israel 's phosphorus shell use in gaza <sec> israel 's use of phosphorus shells over during gaza offensive `` indiscriminate '' .  human rights watch says shelling `` evidence of war crimes '' .  group says phosphorus shells cause an `` intense and persistent burn .
 hambycast : the nerd science of campaigning - cnnpolitics.com <sec> there 's an entire industry to find and mobilize voters .  bully pulpit interactive is a premier democratic digital firm .  `` it was n't until we started to produce metrics that people understood that people took us seriously .
 virginia man pleads no contest to killing girlfriend <sec> a judge sentences jeffrey scott easley to life in prison without the possibility of parole .  he was also accused of abducting his girlfriend 's 12-year-old daughter .  the child was found five days later in san francisc .
 hollywood movies in arab countries : a love and hate relationship <sec> almost half of arab residents in six middle east and north african countries say they watch hollywood movies .  but more than a third say american films have content that is `` harmful to morality . '' .  more than two-thirds agree that films or other entertainment programs should be banned if they are deemed to be offensive .
 cruz floats lieberman to replace hagel - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sen. ted cruz suggested former sen. joe lieberman , a democrat turned independent , to replace hagel .  lieberman has n't been named by white house officials on the shortlist of potential nominees .  cruz called for the nominee to be confirmed `` promptly .
 nuns get $ 220,000 from sale of rare baseball card <sec> rare honus wagner baseball card sold at auction .  catholic nuns will receive $ 220,000 to do charitable work .  buyer has been in the market for card for a long tim .
 the teen who 's changing your life <sec> nick d'aloisio , now 18-years old , sold his app summly to yahoo for a reported $ 30 million .  he is now working for yahoo as a product manager , as the company continues its acquisition drive .  he sees a future where apps like snapchat , where information disappears , as reflecting human biology .  that could set up a clash with the heavy digital footprint of other app .
 world leaders ' passport details were passed on <sec> an australian immigration official mistakenly sent personal details of leaders at the g20 .  the data was immediately destroyed by the recipient , an organizer of the asian cup soccer tournament .  the g20 summit was held in brisbane , australia in novembe .
 police : man who had child-sex tape turns self in <sec> darren tuck gave police tape depicting the rape of a 3-year-old girl , police say .  tuck said he found the tape in the desert ; he showed it to others , police say .  tuck was being sought on a parole violation for failure to pay child support .  police are still seeking another suspect related to the videotap .
 gun extremists ' alternate reality <sec> paul waldman : ok if i drive around with a machine gun on my roof ? .  i live in dangerous city .  he says gayle trotter gun testimony about needing assault weapons is just as irrational .  he says women face gun death from abusive partners . .  home invasion rare as lightning strike .  waldman : hadiya pendleton 's shooting shows we need fewer guns , not more assault weapon .
 subway driver outlasts senators , retires after 41 years below the capitol <sec> there is a small subway service that runs under the capitol .  daryl chappelle has been a driver for 41 years and now he 's retiring .  he 's been around since the nixon years , and has outlasted just about everybody .  he stepped onto the senate floor for the first time on thursday , where senators paid a tribut .
 cuban dissident dies in car accident <sec> new : cuban government statement says two people died in accident , two more injured .  daughter of cuban dissident oswaldo paya sardinas questions government account .  rosa maria paya says her father died sunday in granma province in a car accident .  paya was known far beyond cuba for his criticisms of the island 's socialist governmen .
 prince william : 'mummy ' is a hollow word for me <sec> prince william says he feels `` emptiness '' every mother 's day .  his mother , diana , princess of wales , died in a paris car crash 12 years ago .  prince : `` for many , including me , [ mummy is ] now really just a word .
 saying he deserves a medal , norway mass shooting suspect stays jailed <sec> anders behring breivik will remain in norwegian custody until april , a court rules .  the fact he may be confined to a mental health facility is reason to keep him locked up .  psychiatrists had deemed breivik psychotic , though a second opinion was ordered .  he is accused of killing 77 people in july in a bomb attack and shooting rampag .
 the little cube that changed the world <sec> rubik invented cube that bears his name as teaching aid for his class of students .  the colorful puzzle has gone on to become the world 's biggest selling toy -- with 350 million sold .  hungarian-born rubik retraces the moment of inspiration that led him to his iconic inventio .
 out -- but not in : military club closes ranks to gay wife <sec> in north carolina , fort bragg spouse club bars same-sex wife of a lieutenant colonel .  the club told ashley broadway that without a military id card , she was ineligible to join .  prominent voices in military circles have rallied behind broadway .  `` it 's discrimination , '' says an official with blue star families , a national military family grou .
 virginia health facility bows out of proposed treatment plan for john hinckley jr . <sec> the plan called for hinckley to participate in group sessions in williamsburg , virginia .  the virginia facility has withdrawn from the plan for unknown reasons .  prosecutors say the d.c. hospital treating hinckley needs to come up with a new plan .  hinckley was found not guilty by reason of insanity in the 1981 shooting of president reaga .
 it 's the campaign anthem , left or right <sec> bob greene says the winner in the 2012 presidential race will be country duo brooks & dunn .  he says their song `` only in america '' is used by both democratic and gop campaigns .  he says they keep politics to themselves , are proud their song is meaningful to left and right .  greene : used by everyone from obama to bush to gingrich , song part of campaign proces .
 'chili-heads ' seek friendly fire from powerful pepper <sec> chili pepper lovers foster devotion to heat on web sites , at festivals nationwide .  expert says there is variety of flavors once you get past peppers ' heat .  india plans to use ghost pepper in tear gas-like hand grenad .
 u.s. security official quits ; iraqi says shooting victims offered cash <sec> assistant secretary of state for diplomatic security announces decision to resign .  richard griffin gave no specific reason for resignation or offered timetable .  blackwater issues appeal to supporters to stand up for company .  new : blackwater shooting survivor says u.s. embassy offered victims mone .
 elton john , david furnish get married <sec> elton john and david furnish were married sunday .  same-sex marriage became legal in britain this year .  the men previously had a civil partnership .  they have two childre .
 report : alex rodriguez , mlb negotiating suspension deal <sec> report : a-rod and mlb are negotiating the length of a suspension .  espn says the star slugger has been shown evidence against him .  the yankees slugger is practicing in florida as he recovers from injury .  he signed the richest contract in u.s. sports in 2007 , worth more than $ 27 million a yea .
 divers find u.s. soldier 's body in afghanistan river <sec> two u.s. soldiers went missing in afghan river on november 4 .  both lost in morghab river near border with turkmenistan .  family identifies recovered body as that of benjamin sherman of plymouth , massachusetts .  search continues for the other paratroope .
 'shark week ' breaks records for discovery <sec> discovery channel 's annual shark week is this week .  more than 3.6 million total viewers tuned in sunday .  it is the network 's 13th highest-rated prime time evening eve .
 wife witnesses soldier husband dying in afghanistan , over skype <sec> new : the cause of clark 's death has n't been determined , an army spokesman says .  his wife witnessed the soldier dying while the two were on a video chat , the family says .  his sister-in-law describes clark as devoted to his country and his famil .
 justice dept . investigates ex-vice chairman of joint chiefs of staff <sec> source : justice is investigating retired marine gen. james cartwright .  investigation involves material in a book by a new york times reporter , the source says .  book looks at obama 's use of cyberweapons against iran , including the stuxnet virus .  nbc reports cartwright is under investigation for leaks about the stuxnet viru .
 spinal cord research offers unexpected hope to people with paralysis <sec> susan harkema was sending electricity down broken spinal cord to study nerve pathways .  she was the one who got a shock when her patient called out : `` i can move my toe ! '' .  harkema : first time stimulation directly to spinal cord has shown voluntary activity .  technique is another piece of the puzzle toward helping paralyzed people walk agai .
 to go or not to go : supreme court at the state of the union <sec> not always easy for supreme court justices at annual address .  obama irritated some with criticism of conservative members in 2010 .  custom dictates the justices wear their robes during speech .  chief justice roberts has never missed a state of the union speec .
 hezbollah 's spiritual leader in critical condition <sec> grand ayatollah fadlallah is hospitalized in beirut , source says .  he was closely associated with hezbollah when it formed almost 30 years ago .  recently , he has become distanced from the group 's leaders .  the united states considers hezbollah a terrorist organizatio .
 protests continue against murder of nepalese journalist <sec> nepalese journalist who reported on women 's rights hacked to death sunday .  uma singh said before her death : `` things have become very , very difficult for us '' .  u.n. asks govt . .  to investigate , prosecute death threats against other journalists .  journalists group : 284 incidents against journalists in 2008 , including 3 death .
 i 'm not a pakistani spy <sec> david frum : lawyer in pakistan accused him of being a paid agent of that country .  he says the lawyer offered no evidence to back up the spurious charge .  frum says the context of the accusation is pakistan 's `` memogate '' scandal .  he says the evidence makes it seem likely that `` memogate '' is a hoa .
 two brothers , two uncles indicted for trafficking cocaine to italy <sec> one brother is arrested , but the other is still being sought .  one uncle is already being held in an unrelated case , but the other is at large .  the four relatives are among nine people indicted .  the drug ring also allegedly laundered money through the dominican republi .
 wimbledon : eugenie bouchard makes semifinals <sec> eugenie bouchard books place in last four .  bouchard defeated german 's angelique kerber .  canadian will play romania 's simona halep .  halep eased past sabine lisicki in straight set .
 west , did you really expect russia to ignore ukraine chaos ? <sec> presence of russian troops in crimea has sent alarm bells ringing in western capitals .  alexander nekrassov says west will find it difficult to exert economic pressure on russia .  west has misjudged way russia would respond to seeing neighbor in chaos , he adds .  nekrassov says idea kremlin is ready to start full-blown invasion of ukraine are way off mar .
 uefa 's new 'league of nations ' - do you understand it ? <sec> uefa has introduced the nations league competition .  competition will replace most international friendlies from 2018 .  allows opportunity to qualify for european championship and world cup finals .  54 nations to be divided into four groups based on coefficient .
 ask boy , 12 , if he wants to be circumcised , court says <sec> case part of parental custody dispute .  father converted to judaism after splitting with wife .  father wanted son to convert after getting custody .  russian orthodox mother says son does n't want procedur .
 holder : federal court challenge to new immigration law possible <sec> new : attorney general eric holder says federal court challenge is possible .  homeland security secretary says justice department reviewing measure .  former arizona governor says she fears siphoning of resources .  law requires immigrants to carry their papers at all time .
 banker : spending on climate change makes good business sense <sec> sim tshabalala is group deputy chief executive officer of standard bank .  he says sustainability can be a business opportunity for companies .  lending money was the banking sector 's biggest challenge this year , he say .
 kindness will help economy , homeless woman 's rescuer says <sec> wife of gop state legislator gives homeless woman a place to stay .  henrietta hughes had appealed to president obama during town hall .  `` this is our own little mini-stimulus package , '' chene thompson says .  vacant house will benefit from being occupied , owner say .
 iranian-americans cast ballots on iran 's future <sec> thousands of iranian-americans in the u.s. cast their absentee ballots .  iranian-american youth use social networking sites to spur voting .  there are an estimated 1 million iranian-americans living in the u.s . .  iranian-americans anxiously wait to see direction their homeland will tak .
 more reports suggest a smaller ipad is coming <sec> new reports say apple could make a smaller ipad by the end of the year .  sources tell bloomberg `` ipad mini '' would have 7-8 inche screen .  that 's the same as the kindle fire and google 's planned nexus 7 .  the move would go against what steve jobs said is needed for a table .
 russian soldiers detained in ukraine as leaders meet <sec> new : russia 's putin says talks with ukrainian president poroshenko were positive .  poroshenko had said earlier that talks could decide future peace of europe .  ukraine 's security service says 10 russian soldiers were detained in the donetsk region .  russian state media cites a source saying the soldiers crossed the border accidentall .
 shipmates recount battle with pirates , call captain brave <sec> new : maersk alabama crew tell about pirates ' takeover of ship .  new : crew member says he gained confidence of , tried to kill pirate .  new : `` i feel great they got killed , '' crew member says of pirates .  new : crew calls for international effort to secure shipping lane .
 alfonso ribeiro dusts off 'the carlton ' on 'dwts ' <sec> alfonso ribeiro performed `` the carlton '' on `` dancing with the stars '' monday .  the dance is one he used to do on `` the fresh prince of bel air '' .  he does n't do it often , but he said he loves how it makes people feel .  the routine earned him a perfect scor .
 muslims condemn dutch lawmaker 's film <sec> new : leading islamic group condemns dutch lawmaker 's anti-islam film .  organization of the islamic conference says film `` deliberate act of discrimination '' .  european union and dutch government also criticized the 15-minute movie .  danish union of journalists says caricature of prophet mohammed used illegall .
 freed reporter : taliban hostage-takers 'hopelessly inept ' <sec> freed british journalist : taliban hostage-takers were `` hopelessly inept '' .  new york times reporter stephen farrell was freed by nato forces in afghanistan .  afghan journalist killed with british commando ; woman , child die in crossfire .  media club of afghanistan : action `` reckless and double-standard behavior .
 multibillion-dollar collider to probe nature 's mysteries <sec> large hadron collider will have first attempt at circulating a beam september 10 .  it 's the largest particle accelerator in the world and costs about $ 10 billion .  lawsuits allege it could generate black holes that could eat the earth .  scientists say these allegations have no meri .
