 storms knock out power to tens of thousands from plains to northeast <sec> new : storms kill one in new york and one in pennsylvania .  more than 200,000 in ohio , new jersey and other states lose power .  `` trees were bending sideways , '' a man in new jersey says .  national weather service reports possible tornado touchdowns in the northeas .
 air force fighter jets a casualty of budget cuts <sec> air force begins grounding a third of its fighter jet fleet .  units in the united states , europe and the pacific will stand down .  pentagon expected to absorb about half of the $ 85 billion in forced government cuts .  air force , navy also ground blue angels and thunderbird air show .
 australian open : roger federer still ca n't figure out rafael nadal <sec> rafael nadal beats roger federer in straight sets to reach australian open final .  world no . .  1 will play federer 's fellow swiss stanislas wawrinka in sunday 's decider .  top seed nadal has won each of his past five matches against federer .  nadal improves his record against 17-time grand slam champion to 23-1 .
 senate passes 'cash for clunkers ' measure <sec> new : obama says program stimulates economy while getting old vehicles off road .  senate votes 60-37 to expand program with an infusion of $ 2 billion .  program allows drivers to turn in gas guzzlers for fuel-efficient models .  lawmakers fear program will run out of money without extensio .
 iran tests upgraded long-range missile <sec> new : gates : `` missile tests only undermine iran 's claims of peaceful intentions '' .  missile 's range puts parts of israel , u.s. bases , parts of europe within range .  west fears iran is trying to develop nuclear weapons ; iran denies clai .
 ohio state president to retire in wake of verbal gaffes <sec> new : cnn affiliate says gee was told in march to be careful with his remarks .  e. gordon gee says he has planted seeds that should grow .  he made controversial remarks about other schools , catholics .  his retirement takes effect july 1 , the school say .
 sharapova to face venus in crunch clash <sec> maria sharapova to face venus williams in third round of australian open .  sharapova claimed second consecutive double bagel victory .  williams defeats france 's alize cornet 6-3 6-3 to progress to next stage .  wins for agnieszka radwanska , angelique kerber and li n .
 apple now has more cash than the u.s. government <sec> u.s. treasury has an operating cash balance of $ 73.8 billion -- less than apple 's cash reserves .  apple just became the world 's largest smartphone vendor by volum .
 5 viral stories about boston attacks that are n't true <sec> on social media , untrue stories about the boston terror attacks have gone viral quickly .  one photo falsely purported to show a man who had planned to propose to his girlfriend .  people believed cell phone service was shut down by authorities , but it was n't .  tragedy shows `` best and worst '' of twitter , media professional say .
 former romanian pm shoots self after court backs prison term <sec> new : lawyer to appeal to european court for human rights .  `` he looks terrible , '' prime minister ponta says .  it is the first prison sentence for a senior politician in romania since the fall of communism .  the former prime minister was convicted of illegally raising campaign fund .
 nascar driver shows off his missouri hometown <sec> nascar driver carl edwards shares his favorite spots in columbia , missouri .  he 's a fan of rock bridge state park , only 10 minutes from the center of town .  edwards also frequents booches billiard hall for the `` best burger in the world .
 former nba player recounts struggle with drug addiction <sec> former nba player chris herren struggled with drug addiction for 14 years .  he had many `` rock bottom '' moments , including shooting up at his mother 's funeral .  when he decided to get sober , he was faced with expensive rehab .  today , he runs a foundation to help others pay for effective addiction treatmen .
 most give obama thumbs up on first 100 days , polls say <sec> cnn poll of polls finds 63 percent approve of how president obama handling duties .  obama 's approval rating at 64 percent in cnn poll of polls in january .  cnn poll of polls is an average of seven national surveys taken over the past wee .
 'we do n't want to make any mistakes , ' ala. governor says as standoff stretches <sec> new : governor urges patience : `` a virtue ... in dealing with this situation '' .  authorities confirm the identity of the suspect -- 65-year-old jimmy lee dykes .  the suspected gunman and the bus driver knew each other , a neighbor says .  the alleged gunman is holed up in an underground bunker with a 5-year-ol .
 are myths making the ebola outbreak worse ? <sec> despite information campaigns , fear is spreading even more quickly than the ebola virus itself .  people worry that they will be ostracized if they admit they are ill , says cnn 's nima elbagir .  those working to counteract the spread of ebola say better health education is needed .  the world food programme says it is working to provide food to one million peopl .
 gas explosion kills 1 , injures 5 in philadelphia <sec> the explosion occurred in philadelphia 's tacony neighborhood .  the blast killed one utilities worker and injured five other people .  some of the injuries are seriou .
 brazil defeat ecuador to proceed to quarterfinals <sec> brazil beat ecuador 4-2 to reach the quarterfinals of the 2011 copa america .  two goals from alexandre pato and neymar secure brazil top spot in group b .  venezuela score to late goals to earn a 3-3 draw against paragua .
 assassination + more nato killings = death for peace talks ? <sec> a man thought to be able to bring taliban to the negotiating table was killed this week .  observers say his death , and killings of nato soldiers , wo n't derail peace process .  the u.s. has said it 's negotiating with the taliban to bring peace to afghanista .
 cavendish sprints to stage win as voeckler keeps tour lead <sec> mark cavendish takes his career tally of tour de france stage wins to 19 on sunday .  uk cyclist extends his lead in green jersey standings after sprint home in 15th leg .  france 's thomas voeckler retains his overall lead as top 116 riders finish in same time .  the three-week race has a rest on monday before heading towards the alp .
 nadal faces monfils in quarterfinals ; stosur stuns zvonareva <sec> top-ranked rafael nadal extends his unbeaten run on clay to 31 matches .  spaniard sets up quarterfinal clash with seventh seed gael monfils in barcelona .  david ferrer to play jurgen melzer in rematch of monte carlo semifinals .  last year 's runner-up sam stosur beats women 's no . .  3 vera zvonareva in stuttgar .
 the petraeus affair : who is jill kelley ? <sec> tampa socialite jill kelley considered david and holly petraeus family friends .  kelley and her husband founded a charity while battling lawsuits , foreclosure and debt .  she hosted big charity bash for military ; kelley 's brother calls her `` dedicated wife .
 london olympics organizer defends security contractor <sec> new : security firm g4s says young people employed for the olympics will do a good job .  sebastian coe says he is `` extraordinarily impressed with '' security contractor g4s .  an extra 3,500 troops to be brought in to cover a shortfall in security staff .  g4s says it has about 4,000 people at work across 100 venues ; more undergoing trainin .
 source : connecticut police search lake in aaron hernandez case <sec> lake is mile from connecticut home of hernandez 's uncle .  hernandez , a former nfl player , is charged with murder in massachusetts .  hernandez charged in death of man who dated the sister of hernandez 's fiancã©e .
 romney 'gifts ' comment not a new idea on the right <sec> paul waldman : romney now sees obama won by diabolically helping voters with policies .  he says romney told donors these `` gifts '' aimed at blacks , hispanics , women , young .  waldman : this idea not new from the right -- tax breaks not `` gifts , '' but public benefits are .  waldman : election actually revealed this disconnect , and voters showed they did n't buy i .
 romney , obama : why they have trouble connecting <sec> president obama , mitt romney both made recent gaffes about the economy .  wealth , personalities may make them appear out of touch with average voters .  history shows americans rarely elect presidents who are not wealth .
 u.s. sailor found dead at train station in japan <sec> the sailor is found on a station platform .  police are investigating the death as either an accident or a crime .  it comes after the u.s. military imposed a curfew on troops in japa .
 new york 's stop-and-frisk policy now in the judge 's hands <sec> federal trial testing nypd 's `` stop-and-frisk '' policy hears closing arguments .  plaintiffs say the policy fell disproportionately on black and latino men .  the city says the policy helps to deter crime and is not racially biased .  the u.s. district judge says her decision will be `` prompt .
 nigerian activist keeps family legacy alive <sec> hafsat abiola is the daughter of nigerian politician mko abiola .  she founded a group that trains female leaders and raises awareness of domestic violence .  hafsat also runs a program aimed at reducing maternal mortality rate .
 french army chief resigns after shooting blunder <sec> french president accepts resignation of the chief of the french army .  17 people injured , 4 seriously , after accidental shooting at a military open house .  shooting demonstration used real bullets instead of blank ones , officials say .  defense minister suspends use of blank munitions at public military show .
 report : deadly blast in iran caused by munitions <sec> new : media reports says blast was caused by live munitions , not bomb .  new : ten people killed and 160 wounded , iran 's state-run television reports .  the explosion happened in the southern iranian city of shira .
 israeli wounded in another stabbing <sec> a 32-year-old israeli was stabbed with a screwdriver , police say .  authorities are searching for the attacker .  last week , 2 people were killed and 2 were wounded in stabbings .  the recent violence sparks fears of an intifad .
 afghanistan 's presidential candidates at impasse <sec> afghanistan 's government is at an impasse as awaiting election audit results .  abdullah abdullah and ashraf ghani accuse each other of fraud and manipulation in june election .  dispute has stymied what was to be afghanistan 's first democratic transfer of power .  un 's ban ki-moon and hamid karzai call for unity governmen .
 protecting pitcairn 's marine bounty <sec> survey of pitcairn islands marine environment revealed a rich biodiversity of fish , coral and algae .  pew environment group hope to turn british overseas territory into a vast marine reserve .  around 1,250 marine species recorded but scientists believe many more remain undiscovered .  `` these places allow us to know what the ocean was like before heavy human impacts , '' expedition report say .
 world bank cancels haiti 's debt <sec> world bank cancels haiti 's $ 36 million debt .  haiti now owes no money to world bank .  contributions from 13 countries made debt cancellation possible .  world bank has previously made $ 479 million available to hait .
 good , bad and ugly self-help : how can you tell ? <sec> psychologists : look for authors , teachers backed by research and formal training .  some programs do n't screen for conditions that might make someone ill-suited , expert says .  `` the secret '' user : changes in my life are all the proof i need that it work .
 teacher to student : you ca n't be santa -- you 're black ! <sec> commentator : santa 's not just fictional , he 's also `` an obese , alcoholic elf '' with questionable labor practices .  st. nicholas center : st. nick was greek and lived about 1,700 years ago in what is now southern turkey .  koat : christopher rougier wore a santa hat and beard to a dress-up day at a new mexico school .  a teacher told the teen he could n't be santa because santa is white , the affiliate report .
 heavy precipitation expected from texas to new england <sec> new : more than 18 miles of interstate closed in one section on louisiana .  a stalled front brings snow , ice , heavy rain and possible flooding .  nearly 200 flights are canceled at dallas airport .  parts of mississippi are under a state of emergenc .
 10 things italy does better than anywhere else <sec> italy loves hot baths so much that it covers the cost of some therapies for citizens .  italy boasts the most beaches in europe , 248 of which have been awarded blue flag status .  pizza 's great , but italy truly shines in its amazing array of delicious dessert .
 gandolfini 's body returned to u.s . <sec> gandolfini 's remains arrived on sunday night , according to a family friend .  a funeral will be held thursday in new york .  the `` sopranos '' star died in rome last week of a heart attack .  he had been on vacation with his so .
 isis hostage journalist john cantlie appears in video <sec> a british official says authorities are assessing the video .  british journalist john cantlie is in a video released by isis .  he says he was abducted by the group in november 2012 .  cantlie was kidnapped with u.s. journalist james fole .
 son of kenya 's fabled founder appears at hague <sec> uhuru kenyatta is former president jomo kenyatta 's son .  six people face crimes against humanity charges .  the case is a `` big statement '' for kenya 's democratic society , rule of law , analyst say .
 u.n. general assembly welcomes new libyan leadership ; palestinian issue looms <sec> new : libya 's interim pm says he expects libya to have a new government within 10 days .  presentation of the country 's new flag draws a standing ovation .  `` this is a historic day , '' says u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon .  the group will address the palestinian quest for membership this wee .
 north korean leader kim jong il dead after heart attack , state media reports <sec> `` an insecure north korea could ( be ) more dangerous , '' a u.s. official says .  south korea 's national security council is convening , its president says .  kim died of a heart attack while on a train , north korea 's state news agency reports .  kim jong il was the son of kim il song , the founder of the communist natio .
 george zimmerman 's brother apologizes for offensive tweets <sec> `` i 'm a human being ... .  i made a mistake , '' says robert zimmerman jr . .  he tweets side-by-side images of trayvon martin and de'marquise elkins .  elkins is accused of killing a baby in his stroller in georgia .  zimmerman says he was trying to make a larger point about the medi .
 opinion : should chris christie move to the right ? <sec> julian zelizer : idea that gop candidates must tack to the right to gain support is myth .  he says chris christie 's chances at presidency would be stronger if he stayed in center .  christie appeals to democratic voters ; running to the right would lose them , zelizer says .  zelizer : the most successful gop presidential candidates have pushed moderate theme .
 italian footballer dies after collapsing during serie b match <sec> ex-italy under-21 player piermario morosini dies after collapsing during serie b match .  the 25-year-old suffered a heart attack during first half of game against pescar .
 new zealand jetpack company martin aircraft goes public <sec> new zealand jetpack company goes public , saying deliveries will begin in 2016 .  the first model will be geared towards first responder .
 bill murray dances to 'turn down for what ' at party <sec> the actor is making a habit of dropping in on people .  he danced to `` turn down for what '' at a party .  there is a site dedicated to collecting stories about murra .
 new meat labels show born , raised , slaughtered locales <sec> new labels must be on meat sold in the united states .  they may show meat was born in one country , slaughtered in another .  some in the meat industry are strongly opposed to the new guidelines .  but others say they better serve consumer .
 why region fears al-assad 's 'blackmail ' in beirut <sec> nadim shehadi says the beirut attack would be a useful moment to evaluate u.s. regional policy .  history 'shows pattern where lebanon is like a hostage , the west the subject of extortion ' .  shehadi : lebanese , syrians are worried over whether al-assad 's 'blackmail ' still works .  shehadi : little will from u.s. presidential candidates to make decisive move against regim .
 led by atrix , no shortage of new androids <sec> at & t and t-mobile announce details about three new android phones this week .  the most hyped of the trio is called the atrix 4g , which can transform into a laptop .  none of these upcoming devices run the newest versions of androi .
 saudi king arrives in u.s. for blood clot treatment <sec> new : the king lands at new york 's john f. kennedy international airport .  `` we hope for his speedy recovery , '' the u.s. state department says .  officials say saudi king abdullah has a herniated disc and blood clot .  abdullah is healthy and in stable condition , the nation 's health minister say .
 'what pride to be chilean ' : rescue effort galvanizes chilean citizens <sec> experts say that chileans have long boasted a strong sense of national identity .  the miners ' rescue effort is described as a made-for-tv production showcasing chilean excellence and pride .  the rescue has been many people 's introduction to chil .
 cnn student news - september 17 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 six killed in afghanistan attacks on first day of taliban offensive <sec> a 12-year-old boy detonates a suicide bomb , killing three people .  two police officers are shot to death .  the taliban said saturday that it would not arm civilians in the offensiv .
 julian assange : sweden asks to question him in embassy <sec> lawyer for assange says they view the request positively but will have to discuss response .  swedish prosecutors will ask julian assange 's lawyers if they can question him in london .  he is wanted for questioning over sexual abuse claims in sweden ; he denies the allegation .
 suspect in hit-and-run crash that killed n.y. family surrenders <sec> julio acevedo surrendered in pennsylvania at a mini mart .  police say a friend helped negotiate his surrender .  the sunday crash killed a young brooklyn couple and their unborn child .  police say acevedo fled the scene after the cras .
 washington gridlock linked to social funk <sec> a common refrain is the notion that a more sociable congress would be more effective .  the 112th congress enacted the fewest laws in four decades .  congress used to be more sociable , but there were issues then , too .  some observers believe obama 's lack of social engagement is a proble .
 political ads : fear and loathing on immigration <sec> darrell west : campaign ads appeal to fears on immigration and spread bad information .  illegal immigrants pay taxes , give billions to social security but never get benefits , he writes .  west notes the cost of deporting the 11 million illegal immigrants would be astronomical .  path to citizenship would add $ 1.5 trillion to the u.s. economy over 10 years , he say .
 milly dowler : murdered schoolgirl at heart of hacking scandal <sec> police said in 2011 that milly dowler 's voicemail hacked by news of the world .  dowler was 13-year-old murdered by levi bellfield in southwest london .  milly described in court as funny and bright girl with normal family life .  but she was troubled to have discovered her father 's pornography recentl .
 animal rights activists , ucla researchers square off at protest <sec> dr. david jentsch joins protest after his car was firebombed last month .  activists condemn use of animals as subjects for medical research .  since 2006 , there have been seven attacks aimed at researcher 's homes or cars .  jentsch : `` this is terror . .  there is no two ways about it . .  it 's extremism .
 co-workers to split $ 216 million lottery jackpot <sec> 10 winning new jersey co-workers work for an insurance company .  they each kicked in $ 5 in an office pool and bought 50 sets of numbers .  payout is $ 216 million over 26 years or about $ 140 million for immediate payout .  those oh-so-valuable winning digits are 26 , 32 , 35 , 43 , 52 and 1 .
 man city cement top four place ; napoli stay in italy title race <sec> manchester city thrash sunderland 5-0 to move into third place in premier league .  fit-again adam johnson opens scoring for city at eastlands .  edinson cavani scores hat-trick as napoli go second in serie a with 4-3 win over lazio .  sevilla beat real zaragoza 3-1 to go fifth in spain 's la lig .
 egypt 's prime minister calls for calm amid clashes <sec> new : three arrested american students identified .  report : prime minister appeals for calm , asks protesters to return home .  official : twenty-nine people have been killed since saturday , 1,785 injured .  some political factions plan a `` million man sit-in '' on tuesda .
