 u.s. father 's japanese custody heartache <sec> craig morrey 's wife left him to care for their disabled son , spencer , alone .  his wife has sole custody of the daughter she had shortly after .  under japanese law only one parent gets custody of a child in a divorce .  under u.s. law morrey would likely have joint custody of both childre .
 'japanese beethoven ' mamoru samuragochi : i can hear 'sometimes ' <sec> disgraced `` deaf composer '' mamoru samuragochi has admitted he has some hearing .  composer hailed as the `` japanese beethoven '' for writing hit symphonies despite deafness .  a tokyo music teacher revealed he had been the ghostwriter of the music for 18 years .  he said he did not believe samuragochi was deaf , or could write scores at al .
 white house is finally a welcoming place for gay people <sec> as a child , nicholas benton was fascinated with white house and presidents .  he gave up his dream of running for the presidency when he came out .  benton was invited to attend friday 's white house reception for lgbt community .  he says it 's now possible for a gay person to think realistically of running for presiden .
 moderator jim lehrer knows the debate game <sec> veteran pbs journalist has moderated 11 previous debates .  wrote a book tracing the history of televised presidential debates .  married 52 years ; 3 daughters , six grandchildren .  admitted dropping the ball when clinton talked about monica lewinsk .
 cassetti gives roma 'derby ' victory <sec> roma move up to sixth place in the serie a table after a 1-0 victory over city rivals lazio .  substitute full-back marco cassetti scored the only goal of the game in the 79th minute .  jonathan biabiany scored twice as parma drew 2-2 away to genoa to keep hold of fourth positio .
 small plane crashes in alaska , killing 4 <sec> new : ntsb is investigating .  the cessna 208 went down near st. mary 's village .  it was reported missing the same day .  the relatives of the deceased have been notifie .
 mc hammer launching his own search engine <sec> say what ? .  rapper mc hammer launches a new ... search engine .  wiredoo will give search results , plus results for possibly related topics , hammer say .
 teen puts spotlight on olympic table tennis <sec> ariel hsing , 16 , is representing team usa in table tennis .  hsing met warren buffett as a child ; he has played with her many times .  her advice : `` i would just tell people to always fight for their dreams .
 aung san suu kyi , a tenacious fighter for democracy <sec> aung san suu kyi has been compared to nelson mandela .  suu kyi has been described as energetic but humble .  she 's the daughter of a burmese hero of independenc .
 by the numbers : small business <sec> three small business tax cut bills were rejected by congress this week .  $ 7 million is the largest amount of annual receipts a business can have and still be `` small '' .  $ 87 billion is the potential amount added to the gdp by small busines .
 relief as 'dirty war ' officers jailed in argentina <sec> 16 former military officers are sentenced for human rights abuses .  woman whose family members were killed : `` we have justice '' .  victims wait outside the courthouse to watch a judge read the sentences .  alfredo astiz , known as the `` blonde angel of death , '' is sentenced to life in priso .
 national guardsman , cousin have been accused of supporting isis <sec> two cousins from illinois charged with conspiring to support isis .  army national guard spc . .  hasan edmonds , 22 , was arrested at chicago midway international airport .  his cousin , jonas edmonds , 29 , was arrested at his home in auror .
 anderson cooper 's eyeburn : how common is sun eye damage ? <sec> anderson cooper sunburnt his eyes while on water without sunglasses .  such severe sunburns are possible without eye protection , expert says .  wearing sunglasses to protect against uva and uvb rays are important .  sunburns can add up , causing long-term damage to our eye .
 cnn student news - december 16 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 beautiful bright lights shine for dying boy <sec> neighbors put up decorations early for 2-year-old dax locke .  doctors say dax , who has acute myeloid leukemia , has just weeks to live .  dax 's parents have gotten support from all over the worl .
 drunk tries to hijack turkish airlines passenger jet <sec> incident on flight between antalya , turkey and st petersburg , russia .  turkish airlines : drunk man tried to hijack passenger plane .  officials : man brought under control , airline experienced `` urgent situation '' .  new : interfax : flight arrives at st. petersburg , police arrest uzbek man in his 50 .
 how flickr can help save the whales <sec> volunteers match and analyze whale photos on flickr .  citizen scientist discovers record migration on photo-sharing site .  gale mccullough : more whale photos could lead to new findings .  researchers need photos of the underside of whales ' tails , or fluke .
 rory mcilroy battles to hold on to pga lead <sec> rory mcilroy takes slim lead into final day of pga championship .  british open winner holds one shot advantage over austria 's bernd wiesberger .  rickie fowler , jason day and phil mickelson all in chasing pac .
 controllers did not send southwest jet to wrong airport , senator says <sec> southwest flight 4013 was headed to branson , missouri , airport , but landed at one nearby .  investigators looking at a number of potential reasons for what happened .  the airport where the plane landed was not staffed by controller .
 dea wants to hire ebonics translators <sec> new : linguistic society says ebonics a valid dialect .  ebonics is `` a language form we have a need for , '' dea says .  ebonics became controversial with a 1996 school board proposal .  the dea is seeking translators in 114 language .
 inquiry into indian brides 'virginity tests ' <sec> indian rights watchdog investigates reports of `` virginity tests '' on would-be-brides .  state authorities insists tests were `` just clinical examinations '' .  in largely-conservative india , pre-marital sex remains tabo .
 nasdaq 'embarrassed ' over facebook ipo gaffe <sec> nasdaq omx 's chief executive admitted he was `` embarrassed '' by the delay in the opening trade .  20-minute delay in facebook trading had been caused by a millisecond systems bli .
 mtv 's vmas offer flips , dives and one direction <sec> one direction claims three `` moon man '' trophies and performs `` one thing '' .  the 2012 version of mtv 's big show passes without a major faux pas .  beyonce loses again , but kanye west was not in the house to object .  host kevin hart tells drake and chris brown : `` nip it in the bud , guys . .  i 'm tired of it . .  fix it tonight .
 love triangle killer gets 27 years in prison <sec> new : defendant rachel wade 's lawyer says sentence is `` very fair '' .  wade sentenced in april 2009 stabbing death of sarah ludemann .  wade was convicted of second-degree murder .  the two women were involved with the same ma .
 they keep the stains out of baseball <sec> clubbies get ready for thursday 's opening day in baseball by cleaning uniforms .  dirt and grass stains are the hardest to remove .  l.a. dodgers clubhouse manager names james loney as player with dirtiest uniform .  first baseman loney says he gets dirty hustling while playing defens .
 chinese premier visits train crash site , pledges transparent probe <sec> premier promises thorough investigation .  state media reports design flaws in railway signal equipment led to the deadly train crash .  china has built the world 's longest high-speed rail network .  thirty-nine people died in the weekend train acciden .
 why we love -- and hate -- 'gone with the wind ' <sec> `` gone with the wind '' opened 75 years ago monday .  the movie is criticized for racism , celebrated for its filmmaking bravado .  `` gwtw '' remains representative of golden era of hollywood filmmakin .
 how to nominate a 2015 cnn hero <sec> most cnn heroes are selected after being nominated by someone like you .  here are some suggestions we hope will help you in crafting a nomination .  2015 nominations are being accepted online through september 1 , 201 .
 diva drama clichéd ? yes , but it sells <sec> there were rumors of rivalries on `` sex and the city 2 '' set ; stars say they 're untrue .  generally , such gossip is about women ; male stars do n't raise same issues , observers say .  author : fair or not , `` it 's much easier to believe that women do n't like each other '' .  us weekly editor says , `` no one is a victim in the celebrity world .
 fbi agent arrested in pakistan , was carrying ammunition at airport <sec> the agent was stopped for carrying ammunition as he tried to board a domestic flight .  he was carrying fifteen 9 mm bullets , police said .  the agent is in pakistan as part of effort to train local police .  a diplomatic effort is under way to gain the release of the agent , who appeared in court tuesda .
 search continues for two of three escaped convicts from arizona <sec> new : nationwide search under way for two inmates who remain at large .  new : authorities say female accomplice may have thrown cutting tools over fence .  new : authorities investigate possible security breaches at prison .  daniel renwick , serving 22 years for murder , was captured after shootout sunda .
 death row female inmate denied high court review <sec> defense argued alleged disabilities should disqualify brandy holmes from execution .  justices cite no reason in rejecting appeal of louisiana death row inmate .  holmes and a co-defendant were convicted in the 2003 killing of a retired minister .  holmes ' attorneys says she functions like a 10- to 12-year-ol .
 mariah carey hurt in video mishap <sec> doctors reset her dislocated shoulder , her rep says .  carey was shooting a video directed by her husband nick cannon when injure .
 justice department tax lawyers pursuing cheats despite spending cuts <sec> foreign tax havens , identity fraud are priorities for the tax division .  justice department is working with the irs to prosecute tax cheats .  some tax dodgers cite `` constitutional '' reasons why they do n't have to pa .
 8 fabulous hotels still fresh at 100 <sec> the grove park inn celebrates its 100th birthday in july .  gstaad palace in switzerland is a family-owned hotel marking 100 years in december .  the fort garry hotel was built by the canadian national railway in the early 20th centur .
 rand paul to head back to new hampshire <sec> rand paul makes his third visit to new hampshire since last year .  he 'll appear at an event hosted by a libertarian-minded group for millennials .  paul also plans to attend a state gop breakfast .  new hampshire holds the nation 's first presidential primar .
 teen , police officer die as crowds protest in bahrain on 2nd anniversary of uprising <sec> new : authorities are investigating the death and say they do not know the cause .  an opposition group says bahrain security forces killed the teen .  thursday marks the second anniversary of major unrest in bahrai .
 old barn unlikely home for space age relics <sec> for more than 20 years the kleeman family has collected space-inspired items .  collection includes rocket-shaped lamps , old space toys , climbing frames .  family preparing to launch the `` space age museum '' to display exhibits .  kleeman : `` knowing our place in the solar system helps give us perspective .
 robo-wings : military drones mimic hawks and insects <sec> a defense agency is working on a surveillance robotic hawk that could fly through an urban combat jungle at 45mph .  the study is looking at developing new algorithms to allow a small uav to operate without a remote pilot .  the algorithms developed in the program could enhance other unmanned missions , including marine environment .
 2 planes come too close to one another at detroit airport , faa official says <sec> faa spokeswoman : a delta flight from phoenix was coming in to land friday night .  a small regional jet was also attempting to land at the time , she says .  they were separated by two horizontal miles .  the standard separation distance is three mile .
 army maj. gen. harold greene killed in afghanistan <sec> friend : maj. gen. harold greene 's focus was improving soldiers ' lives .  he earned two master 's degrees in engineering and a ph.d. in materials science .  greene was one of the highest-ranked u.s. military service members killed since 9/11 .  he was an expert in infrastructure improvement and logistics , the pentagon say .
 police : hospital employee swiped shots , spread hepatitis c <sec> kristen diane parker believes she contracted hepatitis c from sharing dirty needles .  she was a surgical technician in denver from october 2008 to april 2009 .  hepatitis c is a contagious liver disease that can lead to cirrhosis or liver cance .
 rock star garrett billings takes different path to wall street 'lacrosse bros ' <sec> garrett billings is a canadian lacrosse player .  one of the most highly-rated forwards in the game .  plays box lacrosse for toronto rock .  taking summer off to prepare for his wedding in jun .
 thai court declares february election invalid <sec> thailand 's constitutional court has declared the country 's february 2 election invalid .  an opposition boycott and protests meant candidates were not fielded in all constituencies .  the court said voting must take place across the country on the same day to be lawful .  its decision is final and no appeal can be filed , meaning new elections must be hel .
 japan paves the way in robotic research <sec> japan is leading the way with advances in cutting-edge medical technology .  researchers have developed nurse robots that can assist in hospitals .  the `` intelligent toilet '' can test blood pressure and give health advic .
 are simpler video games better ? <sec> simple games , including such classics as `` tetris , '' are less intimidating to newcomers .  the most popular games often focus on executing a few simple features well .  hardcore gamers still love complex challenges , and no one likes to feel their favorite titles have been dumbed dow .
 medical pot group sues obama administration over california crackdown <sec> americans for safe access sues the feds for their california crackdown on medical pot .  the suit contends the federal government is violating the tenth amendment .  this month , california 's four u.s. attorneys target big commercial pot growers .  prosecutors say the growers sell medical pot to healthy peopl .
 son defends disgraced chinese politician bo xilai <sec> new : bo guagua said `` it is hard for me to believe the allegations '' .  new : the 24-year-old is the son of disgraced politician bo xilai .  he posts a statement on tumblr defending his father .  bo xilai is accused corruption , abuse of power and adulter .
 spieth steals a march on tiger at torrey pines <sec> jordan spieth leads farmers insurance open at halfway stage after second round 63 .  playing partner tiger woods could only manage a one-under par round of 71 .  first round leader stewart cink now second after also shooting a 71 on frida .
 french toxic ship ends global odyssey <sec> french ship laden with toxic substances is to arrive in uk for recycling .  aircraft carrier had been turned away from at least three other countries .  despite earlier protests , greenpeace not opposing transfer of ship to englan .
 before taking on syria , u.s. should heed lesson of the past <sec> syria becomes a greater emergency with each passing day , says kiron k. skinner .  but u.s. must think twice before entering yet another middle east battlefield , she says .  skinner : america 's involvement in lebanon three decades ago tells us what could transpire .  we should keep in mind caspar weinberger 's national security doctrine of 1984 , she say .
 fasting carries risk of overeating <sec> if you are going to fast , have normal sized , well-balanced meals .  the practice of salting kosher meat does kill bacteria , but so do other techniques .  judaism and islam share a restriction against eating pork .  some say avoiding pork helps stave off trichinosis , a parasitic diseas .
 opinion : south carolina democrat could beat mark sanford <sec> john avlon : media emphasizing jenny sanford and stephen colbert in special election .  in reality , the story is the race between mark sanford and elizabeth colbert busch .  he says there 's reason democrats can hope to capture the seat .  avlon : changing demographics make victory for centrist democrats possibl .
 mh370 : obama visits malaysia as questions loom over missing jet <sec> new : sunday air and sea search suspended because of weather .  obama has remained largely quiet amid an international underwater search .  a day before his visit , he says the u.s. remains committed to the search .  malaysia says it will make its report on the missing plane public next wee .
 obama in egypt reaches out to muslim world <sec> president obama touches on iran , mideast conflict , wars in iraq , afghanistan .  obama says u.s. does n't want to keep troops in afghanistan .  u.s. `` does not accept the legitimacy of continued israeli settlements , '' obama says .  obama calls america 's `` strong bond '' with israel `` unbreakable .
 red bull f1 team 's trophy room cleared out by thieves <sec> red bull formula one team `` devastated '' by burglary .  thieves drove away with more than 60 trophies after friday night break in .  thames valley police say six men and two cars used in robbery .  red bull team boss christian horner says value of trophies is lo .
 ched evans : debate rages over rapist 's right to work <sec> footballer ched evans released after serving sentence for rape .  convicted of raping 19-year-old girl in hotel room in 2012 .  almost 150,000 sign petition against his return to sheffield united .  new : sheffield utd denies reports it has offered a contract to evan .
 aid trickles in to indonesian villages as volcano simmers <sec> death toll from earthquake and tsunami rises to 343 .  getting aid to villages in western indonesia a logistics challenge .  steam , ash rise from mount merapi volcan .
 man pleads guilty in letterman blackmail case <sec> david letterman says police , prosecutors were professional , skillful .  with plea , robert `` joe '' halderman will get six months in jail , five years ' probation .  halderman pleads guilty to attempted grand larceny in the second degree .  ex-cbs news producer admitted to trying to extort $ 2 million from letterma .
 iran says it executed a man convicted of spying for israel <sec> majid jamali fashi was convicted of the january 2010 killing of a university professor .  he was also convicted of spying for israel .  israel does not comment on such claims .  the killing was one of several attacks on iranian scientist .
 hussein-linked 'terrorist ' caught <sec> iraqi forces detain the suspected leader of a terrorist cell network .  cell is believed to be funded by saddam hussein 's eldest daughter , raghad .  raghad , wanted in iraq on terrorism charges , currently living in jorda .
 the forgotten story of zambia 's jewish settlers <sec> city of livingstone , zambia , was once the focus of the country 's jewish community .  european jews began arriving there at the end of the 19th century .  simon zukas arrived as a child in 1938 . .  he became a government minister in independent zambia .  zambia 's jewish population was once more than 1,000 , now around 5 .
 friends ' accounts differ from victim in uva rape story <sec> friends of victim in uva rape story paint different picture of alleged assault .  alex stock : `` there are definitely some major holes in the story '' .  an account of alleged rape in rolling stone was criticized .  ryan duffin : `` it 's difficult to believe that she would have been acting .
 u.s. hits yemen with drone strike , closes embassy <sec> the cia launched a drone strike on yemen , three u.s. officials tell cnn .  the u.s. embassy is closing to the public , the state department say .
