 middle tennessee city divided over proposed islamic center <sec> islamic center of murfreesboro wants to change location , build a mosque .  proponents of the mosque say opponents are displaying religious intolerance .  people fighting the mosque cite zoning concerns , worries about radicalis .
 van buyten lifts bayern in bavarian derby <sec> bayern munich close to within two points of bundesliga 's top two teams .  daniel van buyten heads late goal against bavarian rivals nuremberg in 2-1 win .  bayern third on goal difference ahead of hoffenheim and mainz , who both win .  cologne move off bottom of table with first victory , winning 2-0 at stuttgar .
 review : 'modern warfare 3 ' hits all the right notes <sec> the single player campaign puts you in places such as manhattan , london and berlin .  special ops mode takes the ai from single player , adds elements from multiplayer action .  there are 16 new maps to set the scene during multipayer actio .
 is the navy missing the boat on 'ghost ' ? <sec> company offers pentagon a fast , stealthy attack boat called ghost .  ghost could guard ships like uss cole against terrorist attacks , maker says .  u.s. navy has unofficially expressed interest , maker says , but nothing more .  manufacturer : it 's `` very difficult to get through to pentagon decision makers .
 conservatives claim iran election win <sec> iranian conservatives say they captured most seats in parliamentary election .  earlier contests seen as victory for iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad .  reformists suffered setback when 70 percent of their candidates were disqualifie .
 maurice sendak taught me to read <sec> maurice sendak , who died yesterday at age 83 , illustrated almost 100 books .  children 's author kate dicamillo learned to read using sendak 's illustrations as a guide .  kate dicamillo is a newbery medal winner and the author of `` because of winn-dixie .
 earthquake rattles northern illinois <sec> new : usgs revises magnitude down to 3.8 .  new : `` it was so loud , i thought a plane had gone down , '' man says .  new : quake in haiti was 33,000 times as powerful .  epicenter was 50 miles from chicago and 3 miles undergroun .
 can civilization survive the co2 crisis ? <sec> scientists and journalists are worried about the condition of the planet for their own children and grandchildren , writes david ray griffin .  the threat to civilization comes primarily from the increase of the level of carbon dioxide ( co2 ) in the atmosphere , he says .  griffin : the burning of coal , oil , and natural gas has made the planet warmer than it had been since the rise of civilization 10,000 years ago .  the resulting threat of runaway global warming is not merely theoretical , he write .
 ford brings wi-fi to the highway <sec> starting next year , ford enters fray of automakers offering in-car internet access .  no fees will apply since consumers use own usb mobile broadband modems .  japanese drivers have enjoyed in-car connectivity since 1997 ; others have folllowed .  one-third of people surveyed want to check e-mail , surf web from car , association say .
 pakistan attacks hit aid group , military hq <sec> new : raid on children 's aid organization in pakistan 's tribal region kills three .  suicide bomber struck pakistan 's military hq , killing 8 people .  army 's top medical officer among those killed in blast in rawalpindi .  closely guarded city is home to the country 's military headquarter .
 first on cnn : regulator warned against jpmorgan charges - cnnpolitics.com <sec> case highlights the `` too big to jail '' conundrum facing prosecutors and regulators .  jpmorgan will pay massive fines for failing to blow the whistle on ponzi-schemer bernard madoff .  the nation 's largest bank will not face any criminal charges in the case , however .  cnn learns of meeting in d.c. where prosecutors feared fallout of pressing the cas .
 bieber talks sex , politics and puberty <sec> justin bieber : `` i do n't think you should have sex with anyone unless you love them '' .  bieber does n't want to become an american citizen .  young singer does 20 push-ups before performing to warm up his voic .
 'new moon ' sets midnight showing record <sec> `` new moon '' grossed $ 26.3 million from midnight showings alone .  the vampire romance is set to surpass `` twilight '' for first-day sales .  but with sales comes backlash ; the vatican has spoken out against `` new moon '' .  only time will tell if it will also surpass `` the dark knight '' for `` best opening day .
 anti-whaling activists handed over <sec> two anti-whaling activists handed over to australian government officials .  japan contacting australia to help secure release of activists , reports say .  sea shepherd conservation society says ship 's crew kidnapped 2 of its members .  the activists boarded the japanese whaling vessel to deliver a lette .
 fda halts work at nut plant linked to salmonella <sec> `` we 've got a lot of questions , '' a company spokeswoman says .  the salmonella outbreak in nut butter sickened at least 41 people in 20 states .  the fda says monday 's action is the first use of new power granted in 201 .
 veteran director reveals secrets of nollywood 's success <sec> nollywood produces more than 1,000 movies a year .  some nigerian movies are now winning budgets of millions of dollars .  insiders say that audiences can relate to the movies ' stories .  they add , however , that funding remains a major issu .
 madison square garden closed after possible hazardous debris falls <sec> debris fell in madison square garden during cleaning .  the cleaning included `` asbestos-related materials .
 team of the world cup : cnn 's picks of the best players <sec> cnn 's picks for the tournament .  month-long football fest has given us a lot of memorable moments .  do n't agree with these choices ? .  tell us you would have chosen belo .
 top jihadist leader killed , followers say <sec> new : kashmiri was seen at the location of the strike .  pakistan has not confirmed the death of ilyas kashmiri .  kashmiri 's followers say he was killed in a drone strike in pakistan .  he is considered one of the most dangerous men in the worl .
 apoel benefit from fenerbahce 's expulsion <sec> apoel nicosia and tromso given places in the europa league .  apoel replace fenerbahce in the group stages as a `` lucky loser '' .  tromso replace besiktas after losing to the turkish team on thursday .  fenerbahce and besiktas are both banned from competing due to match-fixin .
 obama recognizes syrian opposition coalition <sec> `` with that recognition comes responsibilities , '' says president barack obama .  the united states joins britain , france and others in recognizing opposition group .  obama breaks the news during an interview with abc 's barbara walters .  the move does n't mean washington will begin arming rebels anytime soo .
 john edwards ' ex-mistress expected to be prosecution witness in his trial <sec> new : federal judge tells attorneys to expect ex-mistress to testify for government .  rielle hunter is the ex-mistress of 2008 democratic presidential candidate john edwards .  edwards ' upcoming criminal trial will look at whether campaign money went to her .  edwards denies any wrongdoin .
 obama : 'you can come out of the shadows ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> speaker boehner slams obama for `` legacy of lawlessness '' .  obama to shift deportation priority from families to felons .  moves will shield up to 5 million undocumented immigrant .
 the end of alzheimer 's can start today <sec> there are 5.4 million americans with alzheimer 's and 15 million caretakers .  maria carrillo : new national alzheimer 's plan is first push to find solutions to disease .  upcoming drug trials offer promise , she says : one in colombia , one in u.s . .  it 's crucial to keep a commitment to research , carrillo write .
 report : adam johnson in under-age sex probe <sec> a 27-year-old man arrested on `` suspicion of sexual activity '' with a 15-year-old girl .  british media report the man in question is england footballer adam johnson .  johnson plays for english premier league team sunderlan .
 operator ordered to sell british airports <sec> uk airport operator baa told to sell 3 of its 7 airports , including two in london .  britain 's competition watchdog said sale of airports will encourage competition .  baa must sell airports in sequence , beginning with gatwick then stanste .
 launch of nokia 's $ 20 phone begs question : is one mobile enough ? <sec> nokia chief exec suggests its customers will use $ 20 mobile as a backup .  stephen elop says the 105 device has a standby battery life of 35 hours .  phone is part of nokia 's strategy of cornering budget end of mobile marke .
 julian assange to leave ecuadorian embassy in london <sec> wikileaks says `` his departure is not imminent '' .  assange is accused of sexual assault in sweden .  he says he fears sweden will transfer him to the u.s . .  if transferred to the u.s. , he says he 'll be charged for publishing government secret .
 why sebelius will keep her job for now <sec> despite the tangible problems and the public relations nightmare , sebelius appears secure in her job .  sebelius is president barack obama 's scapegoat for obamacare website disaster .  confirmation hearings to replace her would be damaging politically for the president .  replacing sebelius wo n't necessarily fix the problems eithe .
 desmond tutu : imagine world without nuclear weapons <sec> the month mandela left prison , south africa 's president ordered its atomic arsenal dismantled .  desmond tutu says nuclear weapons -- like apartheid -- were a blight on s. africa 's image .  as president , mandela implored the remaining nuclear powers to also give up their weapons .  tutu says nuclear weapons and those who hold them should be stigmatize .
 space docking marks new milestone for china 's stellar ambitions <sec> shenzhou-8 joined up with the 8.5-ton tiangong-1 343 kilometers above earth .  the successful experiment is an important step in china 's plan to build a space station .  shenzhou-8 scheduled to return to earth on november 17 , with tiangong-1 remains in orbi .
 pope names six new cardinals with global flavor <sec> six non-european cardinals are appointed in a ceremony at st. peter 's basilica .  american archbishop james m. harvey is among those elevated .  the cardinals ' main role is to advise the pope and pick his successor .  `` a variety of faces '' in the college of cardinals represents an inclusive church , pope say .
 review : 'the change-up ' <sec> the anatomy swappers are mitch ( ryan reynolds ) and dave ( jason bateman ) .  they switch lives after peeing in a fountain presided over by a statue of a greek goddess .  bateman , in particular , is enjoyably nimble and unbuttone .
 3 'phenomenal shots ' ended pirate hostage crisis <sec> `` remarkable marksmanship '' leads to rescue of ship captain , navy vice admiral says .  bill gortney provides details of rescue of captain held by pirates off somalia .  on-scene commander ordered shots when captain 's life seemed in danger , he says .  pirates were tired , showed themselves , giving snipers the opportunity , gortney say .
 cnn student news - october 14 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 2 u.s. troops killed in afghanistan <sec> taliban attacks base in paktika province ; two u.s. troops killed .  insurgents detonated explosives-laden truck , later launched rockets at base .  at least 32 taliban fighters killed in response to attack .  ten militants killed during assault on a combat outpost in paktika provinc .
 neptune collonges wins dramatic grand national marred by fatalities <sec> neptune collonges wins the grand national , one of uk 's most famous horse races .  jonjo o'neill-trained sunnyhill boy finishes second ; seabass , ridden by katie walsh is third .  cheltenham gold cup winner synchronised a faller early in race and later put dow .
 arizona charity 's wal-mart snub may have paid off <sec> a tucson-based food bank rejected a $ 1,000 donation from wal-mart last month .  the food bank joins demands for better pay , work schedules and affordable health care .  wal-mart routinely offers donations in communities where it opens new store .
 saving china 's threatened finless porpoise <sec> researchers in china are working to protect the finless porpoise from extinction .  they 're stouter than their dolphin cousins and rarer than china 's giant panda .  surveys show there are around one thousand of the animals left in chinese waters .  pollution , overfishing , and intensive development on the yangtze are being blame .
 'masterchef 's ' josh marks loses 'battle of his life , ' commits suicide <sec> new : family blames the lack of mental health facilities , easy access to guns as factors .  his mother struggled to get josh marks mental health treatment , lawyer says .  marks ' family hopes talking about his suicide will help others suffering from mental illness .  he was diagnosed with schizophrenia a day before his deat .
 sotomayor learned the ropes on 'tarzan ' case <sec> supreme court nominee sonia sotomayor began her legal career as a prosecutor .  she worked in the manhattan da 's office from 1979 to 1984 .  her former colleagues remember sotomayor as driven and focused .  manhattan da robert m. morgenthau on thursday 's senate witness schedul .
 8 great budget friendly all-inclusive resorts <sec> getaways in the caribbean , mexico and central america start at less $ 100 per person , per night .  options range from 1,000-room mega resorts to more intimate properties .  these resorts offer views and amenities without the caveats of many all-inclusive .
 in audio , al qaeda leader appears to urge syrian rebel groups to unite <sec> new : u.s. knew about alleged torture photos in november , state department officials say .  a new audio recording appears to have ayman al-zawahiri telling militants to unite .  `` you are the hope ... in establishing an islamic governance '' in syria , it say .
 former tajik warlord surrenders after standoff <sec> at least 42 people are killed in fighting .  tensions run high in the area ; ethnic pamiris have been at odds with the government .  the region was a stronghold for islamist rebels during a bloody civil war .  the standoff began in late jul .
 parnevik 'loses respect ' for woods <sec> jesper parnevik said he had `` lost all respect '' for fellow golfer tiger woods following revelations about his private life .  former european ryder cup star parnevik and his wife introduced fellow swede elin nordegren to her future husband .  woods had previously apologized on his official web site for `` transgressions '' and `` personal sins and failings .
 world cup cricketers to honor nz earthquake victims <sec> icc plans memorial for christchurch earthquake victims at cricket world cup match .  new zealand players reveal families safe following 6.3-magnitude quake on tuesday .  captain daniel vettori says his team are determined to beat australia on friday .  rugby officials say it is too early to evaluate impact on this year 's world cup in n .
 cleaning through the ages <sec> based on ancient pottery , the babylonians used soap .  before vacuum cleaners , grass was used to sweep carpets .  lysol was once advertised as a birth control metho .
 flights canceled as french air traffic controllers strike <sec> new : european transport workers ' federation says plans put cost-cutting ahead of jobs .  french air traffic controllers strike for second day over plans for single european airspace .  about half the scheduled flights at paris ' charles de gaulle airport have been canceled .  about 2,000 flights across europe were canceled the first day of the strik .
 anthony weiner 's wife huma abedin emerges from privacy <sec> huma abedin was notably absent when anthony weiner admitted to 2011 scandal .  she is now at her husband 's side amid the latest sex chat revelations .  abedin , 36 , says it 's been a struggle , but she forgives him .  she has worked with hillary clinton since 1996 and was a top state department aid .
 ivorian artist paul sika 's glorious technicolor world <sec> ivorian artist paul sika describes his photos as `` one-frame films '' .  the vibrant colors in his work are the result of extensive post production .  he approaches his photos like a movie director and uses actors as his subject .  he hopes to branch out into fashion and produce a perfum .
 rihanna slams cbs for pulling song <sec> cbs pulled rihanna 's song from `` thursday night football '' last week .  the singer tweeted an angry response .  the network will replace song with theme musi .
 russia sends 5 fighter jets to iraq <sec> 5 russian fighter jets arrive in iraq ; 20 more expected .  al-maliki criticizes u.s. for not sending fighters to iraq .  pentagon says f-16s will arrive in the fal .
 video-share sites for travelers <sec> video-share web sites specifically targeting travelers are springing up .  travelistic gives an embed code for most postings , so others can post the clip .  revver pays users half the revenue it makes from ads on their submission .
 smugglers drive thailand 's grim trade in dog meat <sec> dog smuggling is booming in thailand around the mekong border region with laos .  thai authorities say the trade has been growing thanks to a strong market in vietnam .  animal welfare groups say operators often pick up strays off the street including pets .  a dog in thailand can fetch up to $ 10 but sells for $ 60 in restaurants in vietna .
 avatars in rehab : getting therapy in virtual worlds <sec> some rehab centers using virtual worlds to complement therapy for addiction .  self-help has already been a large feature in second life .  some psychologists say patients might distance themselves from avatar .  others suggest it could provide way to gain some useful objectivit .
 yao ming retirement marks end of an era <sec> yao told a packed press conference that he 'll end his athletic career .  yao 's been voted an nba all-star player eight times .  the league paid yao $ 93 million during his career and millions in endorsement .
 catching up with the muppets <sec> kermit the frog says : `` a part of ( jim henson ) is inside of me and that will be forever '' .  miss piggy : `` being a fashion editor is wonderful '' .  for kermit , `` debbie reynolds reminds me of piggy when i first met her '' .  `` for moi , there is only kermie , '' according to miss pigg .
 woman sentenced to stoning , her attorney seeking asylum await fates <sec> prominent human rights lawyer mohammad mostafaei is being held in turkey .  he helped bring attention to the case of the iranian woman who was to be stoned .  in an open letter , he appeals for the well-being of his famil .
 former teacher who had sex with student back in trouble <sec> debra lafave 's probation forbids her to have contact with anyone under 18 .  florida 's corrections department : lafave talked with 17-year-old coworker .  the two discussed family problems , sexual issues , report says .  lafave was ordered to quit the job because of the allegation .
 when courts pretend it 's not about race <sec> sherrilyn ifill : recognition of dignity crucial to grasping how racism cropping up in laws .  ifill : examples of profiling include stop-and-frisk policy , post-9/11 muslim surveillance .  she says supreme court has left racial consideration out of rulings when it 's clearly relevant .  ifill : several rulings appear to make racial profiling part of law , and courts should admit i .
 lgbt anti-discrimination bill going nowhere in the house <sec> senate passes employment non discrimination act with help of 10 republicans .  house speaker john boehner has said he opposes other laws that already cover the issue .  house congressional aides say they are n't hearing from constituents on the issue .  democrats might try to force a vote in the house but know it probably wo n't happe .
 long lost poem reveals a soldier 's torment <sec> poem tells the anguish felt by one who killed a man in war .  it was the only poem james lenihan is known to have written , his children say .  poetry professor calls it `` accomplished , '' reminiscent of well-known work .
 is fear of failure holding you back ? <sec> fear of failure can impact our careers , and our whole lives , argues author robert kelsey .  fear can make people set their ambitions low , or extraordinarily high , to mask their insecurities .  kelsey outlines seven steps to overcoming our fear .
 digital photos can reveal your location , raise privacy fears <sec> images can contain the precise gps coordinates for where a photo was taken .  pictures on flickr , photobucket and picasa web albums can contain location data .  other services , like facebook , twitpic and yfrog , strip that data .  digital photo experts express concerns over privacy implication .
