 stimulus money pays fishermen to snare lost nets <sec> worldwide economic downturn has hit fishing industry hard .  stimulus money is paying fishermen to haul up lost nets in puget sound .  nets kill thousands of marine life , birds , mammals each year .  some of the nets are longer than a football fiel .
 suddenly , google is making great hardware <sec> google , known historically for its web products , is now making popular gadgets .  over the last year , google has released a string of incredible hardware products .  the chromebook pixel laptop and chromecast tv-streaming device are big hits .  to endure in the tech world , a company ca n't just rely on doing one thing wel .
 ebony hit with $ 5m libel suit in kendrick johnson case <sec> slander and libel suit names ebony magazine publisher , writer frederic rosen .  lawsuit says stories imply that brothers played a part in kendrick johnson 's death .  17-year-old was found in rolled-up gym mat at georgia high school last year .  sheriff 's office said death was accident ; parents say there was a cover-u .
 'dirty dancing ' to be remade for a new generation <sec> new : original `` dirty dancing '' star is `` so excited '' about a remake .  the remake will include songs from the 1960s , the original movie and new pieces .  kenny ortega , the film 's original choreographer , will direct the remake .  the original 'dirty dancing ' was released in 198 .
 imprisoned pastor writes letter to obama <sec> `` president obama , you have my prayers from inside of these walls , '' saeed abedini wrote .  obama met with the pastor 's family on january 22 in idaho .  abedini has been imprisoned since 201 .
 marchers celebrate gay pride in parades across the country <sec> lgbt people and their supporters march in parades large and small .  marchers demand equality , oppose discrimination based on sexual identity .  parishioners from new york church march but without banner .  shooting incident mars `` pink saturday '' festivities in san francisc .
 3 dead after plane crashes into fla. house <sec> the pilot reported mechanical problems .  plane was en route to knoxville , tennessee , when it crashed .  there was no immediate information on injurie .
 costa concordia : how cruise ship tragedy transformed an island paradise <sec> costa concordia ran aground off giglio in january 2012 , killing 32 people .  the 500 crew members working in giglio have transformed the tiny island 's social scene .  commerce at the port has also changed to accommodate workers from 21 countrie .
 pakistan detains senior officer for alleged ties to militants <sec> brig . .  ali khan was stationed at pakistan 's military headquarters .  he was taken into custody for alleged ties to hizb ut-tahrir .  the detention comes when u.s.-pakistan relations are straine .
 uk to probe iraq abuse , killing claims <sec> uk to hold public inquiry into allegations iraqis were killed and abused after firefight five years ago .  allegations center around aftermath of firefight in 2004 at checkpoint in maysan province , southern iraq .  former detainees and family of a slain iraqi say at least 20 people were killed and others were abused .  uk defense ministry says the 20 people died in battle and people detained were not mistreate .
 'the good wife 's ' shocking death explained <sec> `` the good wife '' killed off an integral character in sunday 's episode .  fans have struggled with understanding why .  showrunners robert and michelle king have explained it was necessary for the plot .  the kings say tv does n't deal with the irredeemability of death enoug .
 youtube 's star lecturer dies at 47 <sec> randy pausch was computer science professor at carnegie mellon .  his september 2007 `` last lecture '' became internet sensation , best-seller .  pausch 's lecture celebrated living the life he always dreame .
 finger-pointing after chinese baby murder <sec> huge outcry in china 's cyberspace after a two-month-old boy was killed by a carjacker .  incident has raised finger-pointing to police , the parents and chinese society .  a leaked memo shows how chinese censors sought to clamp down on media coverage .  despite the media clampdown , the grisly death has sparked public uproar onlin .
 l'wren scott leaves entire $ 9 million estate to mick jagger <sec> l'wren scott leaves all of her assets to longtime lover mick jagger .  scott 's estate is estimated to be worth $ 9 million .  scott committed suicide on march 17 , according to the medical examiner .  scott was a noted fashion designer , her designs were worn by many celebritie .
 court : parents can sue school district over harassment claim <sec> parents allege older boy sexually harassed daughter on school bus .  parents : school district ignored our concerns , refused to discipline the boy .  u.s. supreme court : parents can sue school distric .
 hamilton cleared over japan crash <sec> lewis hamilton is cleared of erratic driving in the japanese gp .  the fia probed a crash between sebastian vettel and mark webber .  hamilton had been ahead behind the safety ca .
 three mile island radiation leak investigated <sec> airborne radiological contamination alarm sounded at 4 p.m. saturday .  radiation was confined to a single building and no one was in danger , company says .  in 1979 , three mile island was the scene of the worst u.s. nuclear acciden .
 big sales jump for 'cyber monday ' <sec> 'cyber monday ' on track to be the biggest ever .  ibm analytics group says sales monday were up 15 % over last year .  2010 was the first time cyber monday was biggest online shopping day .  more than 7 % of online sales were made with mobile device .
 french soldier killed in mali fighting <sec> a french soldier was killed during a clash with islamist fighters in northern mali .  four french soldiers have been killed in mali since the intervention in january . .  france has more than 2,000 soldiers on malian soi .
 new york program allowing teens to get plan b pill draws critics , defenders <sec> fresh attention is focused on new york program aimed at preventing teen pregnancy .  high school girls can get the `` morning-after '' pill without their parent 's direct consent .  a parent leader blasts the program and say most parents never got a form to opt out .  but the mayor and others say such approaches are needed and the program is n't ne .
 'match made in heaven ' : michael vick helps park get a second chance <sec> the home field of the north philadelphia aztecs is in disrepair .  the aztecs are the first inner-city youth team to win pop warner championship .  michael vick 's nonprofit has donated $ 200,000 to build the team a new field .  other athletes helping city parks program are ryan howard , billie jean kin .
 football first 11 : stunning stadiums <sec> we have compiled a list of the world 's best football grounds .  liverpool 's anfield stadium is perfect for an electric atmosphere .  la bombonera is home to some of the most passionate fans worldwide .  milan 's san siro plays host to both ac and inter mila .
 executive privilege : a rocky legal and political road in u.s. history <sec> executive privilege is often invoked by the president but rarely accepted by congress .  differing circumstances have led to a mishmash of supreme court rulings over time .  early cases involved the jay treaty of 1796 and aaron burr 's trial for treason in 1807 .  most recent case involved the firings of u.s. attorneys by george w. bush in 200 .
 facebook ceo interviewed on ipo , lawsuit and more <sec> zuckerberg says `` the social network '' seems a lot more exciting than the real-life history .  the ceo denies ever signing a contract that gives ownership of his website to paul ceglia .  `` at some point along the path , i think it 'll make sense to have an ipo , '' zuckerberg says .  the interview will air tonight on abc 's `` world news with diane sawyer .
 last yugoslav war crimes suspect at large is captured <sec> new : the prosecutor calls the capture an `` important milestone '' .  serbia 's president announces that goran hadzic is seized .  hadzic is wanted for war crimes and crimes against humanity .  the announcement comes less than two months after the capture of ratko mladi .
 ten controversial pat robertson quotes <sec> robertson would like a 'vomit ' button on facebook for pictures of kissing gay couples .  robertson said a man who has a wife with alzheimer 's should leave her and remarry .  homosexuality goes together with satanism and activism for adolf hitler , the preacher said .  feminism encourages women to kill their children and practice witchcraft , robertson has sai .
 arizona charges dismissed against polygamist sect leader <sec> polygamist leader 's alleged victims want him to face `` more serious charges '' in texas .  jeffs faces a felony charge of sexual assault of a child in texas .  he is leader of flds , a mormon church offshoot that openly practices polygamy .  he was convicted of being an accomplice to rape in utah in 200 .
 oleg luzhny : 'world needs to support ukraine in russia conflict ' <sec> oleg luzhny played international football for ukraine .  he says people in ukraine are `` scared '' and `` nervous '' .  the 45-year-old accuses russia and president putin of being aggressive .  former arsenal defender says whole world must unite behind ukrain .
 evacuee : colorado wildfire 's destructive aftermath is 'kind of like the twilight zone ' <sec> new : the waldo canyon fire is 70 % contained .  fire growth has stopped ; crews are in `` mop-up mode , '' incident commander says .  some remaining evacuees could be home in days , an official says .  so far this year , 1.9 million acres have burned in wildfires , federal agency say .
 opinion : why washington is corrupt <sec> lawrence lessig : america 's democracy is hobbled by the power of money in politics .  a tiny slice of americans provide funds that largely determine who wins primaries , he says .  the funders of elections generally do n't share most american 's priorities , he says .  lessig : congress should vote to fund campaigns through small contribution .
 brazil enacts racial discrimination law , but some say it 's not needed <sec> brazil 's problems are social and economic , not racial , some analysts say .  many brazilians do n't think in racial terms , the analysts say .  nearly half of all brazilians are people of color .  the income gap between whites and people of african descent is nearly 2 to .
 saudi arabia warns pilgrims to wear masks to stop spread of virus <sec> saudi arabia is preparing for an onslaught of religious pilgrims .  the health ministry wants to prevent the spread of the new respiratory disease , mers .  mers kills more than half the people it is known to infect .  but it is unlikely to become a pandemic , health officials sa .
 twilight comes for india 's fading jewish community <sec> once a thriving community of 6,000 , about 30 jews are left in kolkata , india .  jews began arriving in india in the 18th century from syria , iran and iraq .  some 12,000 jews began leaving when india gained independence in 194 .
 cnn student news - september 20 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 rijksmuseum reborn : rembrandt 's 'night watch ' explained <sec> amsterdam 's rijksmuseum reopens after massive $ 489m , 10-year rebuilding program .  the 'altarpiece ' of the cathedral-like gallery of honor is rembrandt 's 'the night watch ' .  curator pieter roelofs says the painting is 'the dutch national treasure .
 opinion : not all patent trolls are demons <sec> president obama , congress have proposed reforms to curb patent trolls .  supreme court is considering cases relating to the issue of patent trolls .  timothy holbrook says some trolls sue to enforce bad patents , but others serve useful purpose .  holbrook : the problem is mostly with patent office failings and with exorbitant costs for lawsuit .
 shots fired at virginia coast guard recruiting center <sec> ballistics link 4 previous attacks on military facilities .  the latest attack is `` relatively similar '' to the others , police say .  a bullet struck a window at a coast guard recruiting station tuesda .
 3 dead in canada flooding <sec> the three victims are in the flooded town of high river .  medicine hat is preparing for the flooding to start saturday night .  much of calgary is still submerged .  the saddledome , home to the calgary flames , is floode .
 what to expect from sony event : playstation 4 <sec> the eyes of the gaming world this week are on sony , expected to unveil playstation 4 .  rumors about wednesday 's launch focus on an online gaming feature , social sharing .  new console would compete with nintendo 's wii u , microsoft 's xbox 360 .  consoles also now compete with pc gaming , mobile games and web streamin .
 fall tv scorecard : what 's hot and what 's not <sec> `` sleepy hollow '' and `` the blacklist '' are among the season 's hits .  favorites michael j . .  fox and sean hayes are struggling with new shows .  two shows have already been canceled -- `` lucky 7 '' and `` we are men .
 q & a : presidential inauguration 2009 <sec> barack obama to be sworn in as president january 20 .  several million are expected to descend on washington .  cnn has your guide to all things inauguration 2009 .  activities begin january 18 with an obama-biden whistlestop-like tou .
 officials crack down on booze-serving parents <sec> star football player dies in crash that followed night of drinking .  classmate 's mother is charged with furnishing alcohol to a minor .  ama : a third of teens say it 's `` easy to obtain alcohol '' from parents .  at least 24 states have enacted social hosting laws carrying stiff fine .
 michael retains lead in south africa <sec> south african has one shot lead going into final round after posting third round 71 .  michael being chased by last year 's champion pablo martin and dawie van der walt .  denmark 's iben tinning wins dubai ladies masters at the emirates golf club .
 funny or die making spoof steve jobs biopic <sec> comedy site funny or die plans a spoof steve jobs biopic .  feature-length movie stars justin long , the `` i 'm a mac '' guy from apple ads .  film 's writer says he 's an expert because he owns an iphone and checked wikipedia .  spoof will be posted online april 15 , as two major steve jobs films are on horizo .
 first look : jared leto is the joker <sec> jared leto unveiled as the joker for the first time on twitter .  leto stars in 2016 's `` suicide squad .
 adrian broadway , 15 , fatally shot in prank in arkansas <sec> new : 48-year-old shooting suspect may have viable defense , analyst says .  adrian broadway , 15 , was shot in the head and died early saturday .  another teenager was injured ; he was treated and released .  the teenagers had gone to a house to do a `` retaliation '' prank , police sa .
 deadly blasts hit jakarta hotels <sec> new : death toll rises to eight , a presidential spokesman says .  explosions hit ritz-carlton and j.w . .  marriott hotels in jakarta .  at the ritz , second floor windows blown out , as though blast occurred from within .  the marriott was the site of a terrorist attack in august 2003 that killed 12 peopl .
 probe into jenni rivera plane crash focuses on age of pilot , plane <sec> singer jenni rivera , 6 others , died in a plane crash on december 9 , 2012 .  rivera , 43 , was at the height of her career .  the families of four passengers are suing the plane owner and rivera 's company .  several tributes to the late singer are planned for the anniversary of her deat .
 feds : 187 illegal immigrants paid up to $ 3,000 for driver 's licenses <sec> nancy brown , a nevada department of motor vehicles employee , is arrested .  federal authorities say she took money from illegal immigrants to get them licenses .  she was caught in a bribery probe involving immigrations and customs enforcement .  this is the latest effort targeting driver 's licenses for illegal immigrant .
 attitudes change as special olympics come to china <sec> china has undergone major change in attitude toward intellectually disabled .  shanghai is hosting the special olympics to great fanfare .  city has opened special homes to help care for some of city 's mentally disabled .  helping china 's remaining 13 million intellectually disabled remains challeng .
 is china closer than thought to matching u.s. fighter jet prowess ? <sec> grainy web images of what is believed to be a new chinese fighter jet create a stir .  known as the j-20 , stealth fighter is n't supposed to be operational until at least 2017 .  a pentagon spokesman says the united states is aware of situation , but it is n't fretful about it .  a military scholar says the development is a threat to u.s. military superiority in the pacifi .
 navy ship accidentally fires on polish port <sec> crew member cleaning a machine gun that fires into city of gdynia .  no injuries or damage reported , officials say .  gun is used to defend ship , uss ramage , in close comba .
 two anti-smoking drugs to carry mental-health warnings <sec> fda : chantix and zyban will carry warnings about mental health risks .  risks include depression and suicidal thoughts when using the drugs .  drug makers must conduct study how often these serious symptoms occur .  some symptoms could be the result of nicotine withdrawa .
 judge rules using smartphone maps while driving illegal <sec> a california judge ruled it 's illegal to use apps like google maps while driving .  writer : how are map apps different than many other distractions ? .  driver had argued maps do n't count under texting-while-driving laws .  legislatures will have to consider the details when making law .
 friends and admirers mourn dick clark <sec> new : stevie wonder : `` he did n't do it from a soap box , he just did it '' .  new : kiss ' paul stanley says clarke was bigger in real life than his public image .  new : the jacksons say he single-handedly redefined popular cultur .
 2013 tony nominations : 'kinky boots , ' 'matilda , ' 'pippin ' lead pack <sec> the tony nominations have been announced .  kinky boots gained the most with 13 noms .  2013 tony awards will be broadcast on cbs on june .
 three pittsburgh teens shot after school lets out <sec> new : pittsburgh police have six `` persons of interest '' in custody .  at least 1 of 3 teens shot is in stable condition at a hospital , spokeswoman says .  at least one gunman came out of woods and shot as teens went to cars , police sa .
 iraqi lawmakers approve new ministers ; key security posts still remain <sec> security posts in cabinet remain unfilled .  protesters have rallied in recent weeks over lack of basic services .  al-maliki 's new government was approved in decembe .
 superman , batman to unite on the big screen , warner bros. says <sec> new : snyder hints that batman and superman will play rivals in the new movie .  warner bros. announces the pairing at comic-con in san diego .  `` man of steel '' director zack snyder will direct the film .  current superman henry cavill will star , but batman christian bale will no .
 state warns residents near coal ash spill to avoid fish , river water <sec> spill happened february 2 near retired power plant along a north carolina section of dan river .  environmentalists protest outside the headquarters of duke energy .  state tells residents it is still testing water , now trying to get samples from fish .  company says water is safe , promises it will be accountabl .
 oldest surviving photo of a human ? <sec> the earliest known photograph to show a person was published online this week .  it was taken in paris , france , in 1838 , by louis daguerre .  the image shows a man getting his boots cleaned on the sidewal .
 colombia , farc rebels reach deal on drug trafficking <sec> colombia is one of the world 's top cocaine producers .  agreement is part of a complex peace deal aimed at ending decades-long war .  government plans to launch program on illegal crop eradicatio .
 surgery helps woman drop 135 pounds , 10 dress sizes <sec> patty hill weighed 280 pounds at her heaviest and wore a size 26/28 .  she lost 135 pounds and dropped 10 dress sizes with the lap-band .  hill says weight loss surgery is not easy , takes discipline and planning .  weight loss has restored her health , energy and self-confidenc .
 australia warns israel over dubai killing <sec> australian passports used by members of alleged assassination crew .  police say 26 people involved in killing of hamas figure mahmoud al-mabhouh .  al-mabhouh was found dead in his hotel room january 2 .
