 successful launch for rain-tracking satellite <sec> satellite will beam back the most precise measurements of rain and snow yet .  it is launched in japan .  nasa says it will help both short-term forecasts and long-term climate projection .
 new york vs. las vegas : duel for world 's largest ferris wheel <sec> las vegas is already constructing a 550-foot ferris wheel for the strip .  new york city plans to answer the challenge with a 625-foot wheel in staten island .  when opened , both wheels would best current champ `` singapore flyer '' at 541 fee .
 sneak peak : the future of flight <sec> airbus and unesco invited aeronautics and engineering students to come up with ideas for a futuristic aircraft .  ideas include planes powered by batteries , body heat and cow manure , luggage that floats and a shape-shifting jet engine .  some of the proposals could cut co2 emissions by 97 % .
 brash facebook posts lead to bank heist arrests <sec> new : client did n't appreciate seriousness of crime , attorney says .  another suspect not referring to robbery on facebook page , attorney says .  four are charged in the robbery of a houston bank .  agents allege two of them , bank employees , organized the heis .
 halting migrant boats : lessons from australia <sec> the european union is trying to stop thousands of migrants from drowning at sea .  migrants risk their lives by paying people smugglers to get them to europe .  australia has successfully stopped the flow of migrant boats to its water .
 geraldo rivera apologizes for trayvon martin remarks <sec> geraldo rivera today issued a `` sincere and heartfelt apology '' for his remarks .  rivera blamed a hoodie for slain teenager trayvon martin 's death .  rivera : `` i have obscured the main point that someone shot and killed an unarmed teenager .
 law enforcement alert warns of lone wolf threats <sec> homeland security cites the july attack in norway in its bulletin .  its alert called `` cautionary '' .  the fort hood attack was also cite .
 bright objects float away from space station <sec> first object may have been a clamp , nasa says .  objects floating during a spacewalk is not usual , spokesman says .  a second object , possibly a washer , floats away .  the six-hour task will replace a camera and update cable connection .
 religious leaders hit back at hawking <sec> hawking : `` given existence of gravity the universe can and will create itself from nothing '' .  his new book is an attempt to answer `` the ultimate question of life '' .  archbishop of canterbury rejected hawking 's claim that god has no role .  rowan williams : belief in god not about plugging a gap in explaining how one thing relates to anothe .
 what we do when the boss is n't looking <sec> some people like to play at work when the boss is not looking .  one female worker was caught trying on new underwear she 'd had delivered to office .  at the market , workers bowled for bottles with frozen turkeys , played laser tag on roof .  updating the facebook page , writing own newsletters , seeing private client .
 opinion : how the american dream got downsized <sec> julian zelizer : a new film presents stark portrait of struggling americans .  `` nebraska '' vividly shows deterioration in middle-class america .  zelizer says american politicians of both parties failing their down-and-out constituents .  republicans seeking to unravel safety net , while obama white house has done little , he say .
 leak shows apple 's spin on iphone 4 flaws <sec> applecare reps are told not to perform service on iphone 4s with reception problems .  they are instructed to instead give customers a pr-driven recitative .  the document 's existence suggests apple knows there is a widespread hardware flaw .  one law firm is seeking clients for a possible class-action lawsuit against appl .
 walt disney 's daughter , diane disney miller , dies at 79 <sec> diane disney miller was walt disney 's eldest daughter .  she helped start a museum to remember her father .  her husband was once the ceo of the walt disney compan .
 lonely , young planet drifting in space without a star <sec> astronomers find a young , low-mass planet wandering through space alone .  `` we have never before seen an object free-floating in space that that looks like this , '' one says .  the planet will give an insight into the workings of young gas-giant planets like jupiter .  it is easier to observe than other similar planets because it is not orbiting a young sta .
 unstoppable djokovic beats nadal again in rome final <sec> world no . .  2 novak djokovic five wins away from matching john mcenroe 's record .  serbian beats top-ranked rafael nadal 6-4 6-4 in final of rome masters .  djokovic has defeated the spaniard in four successive title matches .  nadal is top seed and defending champion for the french open starting in a week 's tim .
 fighting words between european allies overshadow libyan mission <sec> european allies argue over future of mission against libya .  france 's foreign minister suggests a steering committee to make political decisions .  nato says it will enforce an arms embargo against liby .
 grizzly kills man in northern montana , fellow hunters say <sec> new : the attack was on the montana side of buckhorn mountain , an idaho official says .  a man was hunting near the canadian border when a bear attacked him , an official says .  by the time the two others in his hunting party arrived , the man was dead , they say .  one of those hunters shot and killed the grizzly bear , they sa .
 opinion : putin 's breathtaking lies about russia <sec> alexander j. motyl : putin describes both an aggrieved and aggressive russia .  motyl : he rewrites history , portraying russia as a victim of the west and communists .  motyl : putin says russia has the right to be a bully , dismisses its previous abuses .  motyl : west must hold him to his statements that he wants peace with ukrain .
 gulf hubs become travel hotspots <sec> shift in the aviation industry bringing new travelers to the persian gulf .  emirates , etihad and qatar airways are at the forefront of these developments .  gulf nations hope to benefit from increased air traffic into the regio .
 man charged in killings of armored car guards <sec> new : 36-year-old man held on murder , robbery , other charges .  new : suspect picked up friday , questioned overnight .  two guards killed in armored vehicle attack outside bank ; a third guard wounded .  guards were servicing drive-up atm outside philadelphia ban .
 small businesses are a big issue <sec> small business administration defines small business as having fewer than 500 workers .  small businesses have generated 65 % of new jobs in america for past 17 years .  obama , romney offer competing tax cut plans to help small businesses .  follow cnn radio 's embed america trip on our ma .
 opinion : the tranquillity of obama 's mind <sec> newt gingrich : the more dangerous world becomes more obama hides in fantasy world .  he says obama 's self-image as a `` bear '' is delusional and out of touch with reality .  gingrich : putin 's muscular approach makes obama look weak and disconnecte .
 1950s pinup model bettie page dead at 85 <sec> pinup beauty bettie page dies at hospital a week after suffering heart attack .  page graced magazine covers in 1950s , helped to usher in sexual revolution .  page became recluse in recent years , reappeared in public in december 200 .
 anti-abortion group 's video shows gender-selection counseling <sec> video shows planned parenthood staffer apparently counseling a woman on gender-selective abortion .  `` just continue and try again '' if the fetus turns out to be female , the counselor says .  planned parenthood says the counselor is no longer working for the organization .  she `` did not follow our protocol , '' says the group 's vice president for educatio .
 field notes : ebola survivor dr. sacra is back in africa <sec> dr. rick sacra was treating patients in liberia when he got sick with ebola .  he recovered in the u.s. and went back to continue to help patients .  life felt different when he arrived back home , but he is glad to be back helping provide medical car .
 give obama a+ for school reform ideas <sec> ruben navarrette says obama targets `` firewall laws '' with school funding initiative .  obama understands school underperformance , he writes .  low-income parents are caught in frustrating paradox , navarrette says .  many teachers just want someone to blame , he say .
 procrastinators , take note : holiday airfares are up <sec> thanksgiving ticket prices are up compared to last year .  consider buying tickets now if you must travel on certain dates .  travel on the actual holiday to cut your costs .  check twitter and mobile apps for flash sale .
 safety checks ordered for all airbus a380 airplanes <sec> the european air safety agency orders all a380s checked for cracks in the wings .  the order does not ground the fleet .  there are 68 a380s in operation around the world , the company say .
 pakistan orders foreigners working for save the children to leave <sec> the pakistani authorities have previously linked save the children to the cia .  the government has now ordered six foreigners working for the group to leave .  the aid group denies the accusations and says the order has n't been explained .  a 2011 report alleges that save the children helped in the hunt for bin lade .
 love wants woods for 2012 ryder cup <sec> u.s. ryder cup captain davis love iii wants tiger woods in his 2012 team .  fred couples has picked woods as a wildcard for the presidents cup in november .  the former world no . .  1 has dropped down the rankings to 50th after two hard years .  woods has hired couples ' former caddy joe lacava as his new bagma .
 pacquiao may retire from boxing to please his worried mother <sec> manny pacquiao announces that he may retire from boxing due to his mother 's concerns .  filipino fighting legend says he does not need to fight against floyd mayweather .  the 31-year-old says he has already fulfilled all the boxing dreams he ever had .  he will now stand for office in local elections on may 1 .
 7 teens who escaped tennessee center remain at large <sec> new : seven escaped teen boys remain at large .  they could be dangerous . .  they could be desperate , '' an official says .  thirty-two teens escaped from a detention center monday night .  it is not known if the escape was planne .
 aging boomers need health care law <sec> ai-jen poo : like the rest of us , supreme court justices are aging , will need good health care .  she says affordable care act improves availability , costs of care for senior citizens .  she says home care workers a growing need as boomers age , but wages and protections lag .  writer : u.s. should foster and value home care workers ; even justices may need them one da .
 investigator : zimmerman missed opportunities to defuse situation <sec> new : zimmerman 's attorney asks that he be unshackled at friday 's bond hearing .  no deception was indicated in zimmerman 's voice stress test , police say .  information released includes a document in which a detective questions zimmerman 's story .  the lead detective in the case asked to be moved to patrol divisio .
 kidnapped boys 'brainwashed ' to die as suicide bombers <sec> boys rescued from the taliban in pakistan are receiving psychiatric help .  they are abducted from their homes and are being trained for suicide missions .  psychiatrist says they have been brainwashed ; fixing that will take time .  army hopes the boys can one day return to their home .
 democratic national convention trivia : day 1 <sec> memorable moment : future texas governor ann richards said bush '41 ' was born with a `` silver foot in his mouth '' .  dnc : barack obama was the last african american to deliver a keynote address in 2004 .  rnc : john lynch was the last african american to keynote a republican convention in 1884 .  in 1992 , then-candidate bill clinton got a boost of 16 points after the dnc , going from 40 % to 56 .
 fans must register for tickets to jackson memorial <sec> new : 11,000 memorial service tickets will be made available .  source : jackson memorial to be tuesday at los angeles ' staples center .  jackson appears healthy in video clip of rehearsal two days before death .  drug enforcement administration reportedly joins inquiry into jackson 's deat .
 hair loss drug may reduce libido <sec> study finds side effects of finasteride may continue months after stopping medication .  96 % of subjects ' sexual problems lasted more than a year after stopping medication .  study authors believe finasteride may do permanent damage .  fda labels will now warn users of post-use sexual side effect .
 bangladesh hangs islamist leader over u.n. objections <sec> new : abdul quader mollah was hanged thursday , state media reported .  but the court postponed the execution shortly before it was to take place .  after further hearings , it has now said the hanging can go ahead .  u.n. officials have expressed concern about the standards of his tria .
 dennis rodman to north korea : 'i come in peace ' <sec> the united states and north korea are at odds over north korea 's nuclear ambitions .  former nba star dennis rodman tweets he 's `` looking forward to sitting down with kim jung un '' .  the north korean leader is known to be a huge basketball fan .  the trip was arranged by the producers of the hbo show `` vice .
 phil collins leaves music industry to be full-time dad <sec> he releases a statement to clarify recent media speculation over his career .  the 60-year-old dad says he is retiring to devote more time to his family .  collins has sold more than 150 million records in his 40-plus year .
 julian castro 's rapid rise no surprise to texas pals <sec> julian castro is a democratic rising star tapped by president to head hud .  his appointment could help improve democratic standing with latinos , texas voters .  castro will face questions about hud funds , steering it through housing market recovery .  texas colleagues say castro has the right blend of experience to get the job don .
 parents of aurora shooting victim sue ammo sellers <sec> the lawsuit alleges the online retailers negligently supplied the shooter .  james holmes purchased thousands of rounds of ammunition .  the july 2012 shooting killed 12 people .  no trial date has been set . .  it has been delayed three time .
 portrait of jackson 's pill consumption emerges <sec> 2004 document details security guards ' accounts of singer 's pill consumption .  document describes jackson 's attempt to battle sleep disorder .  death investigation could turn into a criminal probe , authorities sa .
 'community ' gets new life on yahoo <sec> fan favorite tv show `` community '' was canceled by nbc in may .  yahoo will revive the series for a 13-episode season online .  show creator dan harmon hopes for `` six seasons and a movie .
 cancellations have dogged cosby 's tour <sec> three bill cosby shows canceled in february , another postponed .  cosby has been on tour since late fall .  cosby has denied or declined to address numerous allegation .
 twitter suspends journalist who was critical of nbc <sec> critic of nbc 's olympic coverage is suspended from twitter .  guy adams of london 's independent tweeted an nbc executive 's e-mail address .  nbc complained and twitter says that 's against its rules .  adams had criticized nbc 's decision to not air events liv .
 the case for gun rights is stronger than you think <sec> william bennett : arming , training one person in a school could help prevent shootings .  he says armed people have stopped instances of mass killing .  killers may target places where they know they ca n't be shot down , bennett says .  bennett : guns help prevent crime and improve public safet .
 how tax havens stole your money <sec> at the g8 summit , david cameron will call for action to curb activities of tax havens .  simon hooper points out the hypocrisy of the uk 's position considering its offshore hubs .  britain is not the only g8 country promoting offshore-style facilities , says hoope .
 alec baldwin carries on paul newman 's legacy <sec> paul newman founded the hole in the wall gang camp for seriously ill children in 1988 .  the camp serves children who are facing cancer , blood disorders and metabolic diseases .  alec baldwin has been involved with the camp for about 20 years .  baldwin is helping carry the torch to ensure the camp 's continued succes .
 actress joanna lumley slams gurkha conditions <sec> british government unveils moves to let more former gurkha troops live in the uk .  gurkhas are part of british armed forces made up of nepalese fighters .  campaigners say qualifying criteria mean most will not be able to settle in uk .  first gurkha units formed in 1815 and they fought in every campaign sinc .
 slain pittsburgh officers to lie in repose at government building <sec> eric kelly , stephen mayhle and paul sciullo iii were shot to death on saturday .  they were responding to 911 call about an argument at a pittsburgh home .  suspect richard poplawski is in custody ; his whereabouts unclear on monday .  mayor describes plans for procession for fallen officers , lying in repos .
 chavez says military will monitor venezuelan prices <sec> venezuela president hugo chavez announces devaluation of country 's currency .  consumers rush to stores , fearing devaluation will cause higher prices .  chavez : `` there is absolutely no reason for anyone to raise the prices of anything '' .  chavez threatens to expropriate businesses that raise price .
 sunrise to sunset in hong kong <sec> perveen crawford , hong kong 's first female pilot , shows us around her favorite spots .  for the best seafood try po toi o a small fishing village in the new territories .  the retro-chic china club in central hong kong serves traditional chinese foo .
 nigeria and boko haram reach ceasefire deal <sec> `` on the war front , we can say there is peace now , '' government spokesman says .  nigeria and boko haram have agreed to a ceasefire .  the deal includes the release of more than 200 kidnapped schoolgirls .  the agreement was reached thursday after talks in chad between the two group .
 twitter accounts for storm , relief updates <sec> many twitter accounts offer real-time updates about hurricane sandy .  feeds provide info about evacuations , highway closures , shelters and canceled flights .  in the event of a power outage , cell phones could provide crucial news update .
 star sprinter baptiste latest to come under doping spotlight <sec> leading sprinter kelly-ann baptiste withdrawn from world championships .  her trinidad and tobogo federation said it was for a 'doping matter ' .  teammate semoy hackett also pulled out of moscow events .  latest leading track and field athlete to fail drugs tes .
 3 indicted in 'gozi ' virus that stole bank information <sec> three men are accused of creating , distributing `` gozi '' virus in 2005 .  virus stole banking information , infected 1 million computers , including nasa 's .  tens of millions of dollars were lost , indictment say .
 earthquake 'swarm ' rattles arkansas town and its residents <sec> the town of guy , arkansas , has been shaken by hundreds of small earthquakes .  geologists have counted 487 measurable quakes since september 20 .  that 's almost equal to one per resident in the town of 549 .  state officials are investigating whether the quakes are natural or from industrial wor .
 nasa probe beams back its first color image of pluto <sec> the new horizons spacecraft captures image of pluto and its largest moon .  it 's set to reveal new details as it nears the remote area of the solar syste .
 opinion : explain obamacare at last <sec> dean obeidallah says the administration has done a poor job of explaining obamacare .  he says the plan has many popular features , but the public does n't fully understand it .  a failure to explain has left room for republicans to distort it , he says .  obeidallah : administration has belatedly moved to tout the benefits of obamacar .
 opinion : no cure for shopping addiction <sec> donald black : upwards of 6 % of the u.s. adult population shops compulsively .  black : most compulsive shoppers are women ; addiction tends to start at early age .  he says most compulsive shoppers have depression or anxiety .  black : even though there 's no treatment , there are ways to curb shopping appetite .
 angry families demand answers after china plant fire kills 119 <sec> new : `` what kind of country is this ? '' .  shouts one man whose wife is missing .  new : authorities try to prevent some victims ' relatives from talking to journalists .  officials do not know how many people are still trapped in the plant .  the blaze has revived concerns about work safety in chin .
 the perils of everyday life in volatile syria <sec> everyday life in syria is a struggle .  `` opening your door could be the last thing you do in your life , '' an activist says .  one child has nightmares , draws picture of a tank , a fire and her family .  people suffer from shortages of food and medication .
