 our moral code is out of date <sec> yaron brook , onkar ghate : human progress has come as result of science , democracy .  they say our view of morality has n't been updated since the bible and quran .  world credits bill gates only with his philanthropy and not his achievements , they say .  pursuit of innovation , productivity and personal profit should be valued , they sa .
 yemeni troops free oil tanker ; 11 pirates arrested <sec> oil tanker was seized sunday on its way to yemeni port of aden .  three yemeni marines were wounded , two pirates killed in the operation .  piracy is a major problem in the waters off somalia .  somalia has not had a stable government in place since 199 .
 yahoo hacked , 450,000 passwords posted online <sec> hacker posts 450,000 yahoo voice account passwords .  web page says the hack was meant as a warning to yahoo .  some users had painfully easy-to-crack passwords like `` 12345 '' or `` password '' .  hack impacted users of yahoo voices , a web news produc .
 washington landslide death toll rises to 33 <sec> 12 people still are missing , authorities say .  landslide happened in the north cascade mountains on march 22 .  of 33 bodies recovered , 30 have been identifie .
 cameroon region concerned about islamist militants <sec> government in cameroon region on alert .  officials concerned about activity of militant islamist group .  boko haram has clashed with forces in neighboring nigeri .
 national parks free this weekend <sec> april 19-27 is national park week in the u.s . .  all parks are free to enter saturday and sunday , april 19-20 .  campground and concession fees still apply .  what 's the best national park in the world ? .  share your photos .
 lawmaker : google glass and driving do n't mix <sec> lawmaker introduces legislation in west virginia to ban motorists from wearing google glass .  rep. gary howell says , `` the primary thing is a safety concern '' .  google glass is an augmented-reality headset that can display internet info .  google : `` we actually believe there is tremendous potential to improve safety on our roads .
 if i offended demanding dreamers , i 'm not sorry <sec> ruben navarrette : in my previous column i scolded a faction of the dreamers .  navarrette said they have a sense of entitlement , and many readers feel the same , he says .  many readers were offended , including his wife , says navarrette .  he says he was talking about people succumbing to a counterproductive radicalis .
 a deadly plane crash , an amazing adventure <sec> norman ollestad was 11 years old when the plane he was in crashed .  ollestad 's father died and ollestad climbed down the mountain for nine hours .  experience is present in book `` crazy for the storm : a memoir of survival '' .  book also chronicles ollestad 's relationship with his fathe .
 hubble reawakens , snaps image of jupiter scar <sec> revamped hubble telescope captured image of jupiter 's mysterious new scar .  scar was created when comet or asteroid plunged into jupiter 's atmosphere .  image was taken by hubble 's new camera , which is still being calibrated .  hubble is not expected to resume full operations until late summe .
 ukraine 's 'chocolate king ' aims for top job <sec> poroshenko made his wealth in the candy business .  he leads the field of 20 candidates in sunday 's election .  the `` chocolate king '' wants closer ties with europ .
 england beat wales in six nations opener <sec> england beat wales 26-19 in the opening game of rugby union 's six nations tournament .  chris ashton scores two tries for england who win in wales for the first time since 2003 .  toby flood scores 13 points for england and jonny wilkinson thre .
 u.n. to investigate alleged human rights abuses by isis <sec> new : two car bombs in baghdad kill more than a dozen people , police say .  u.n. mission says 1,420 iraqis killed in august ; figures do n't include anbar province .  u.n. official calls the effect of violence on children `` catastrophic '' .  ethnic and religious groups have been persecuted , official say .
 clijsters to quit tennis after u.s. open <sec> former world no . .  1 kim clijsters announces she is to retire in september .  the belgian has won four grand slam titles during a 13-year career in tennis .  clijsters won three times at the u.s open , which will be her last tournament .  the 28-year-old quit in 2007 before returning to the game in 200 .
 opinion : did trayvon martin die for 'standing his ground ' ? <sec> miller francis : george zimmerman trial should be renamed the trayvon martin trial .  he says question not raised : was n't martin the one standing his ground , facing a stalker ? .  we 're told that by defending himself , martin justified his own execution , he says .  francis : prosecution should use stand-your-ground on martin 's behalf ; it 's about race , justic .
 sharapova battles heat to dispatch radwanska in cincinnati <sec> former world number one maria sharapova into quarterfinals of wta event in cincinnati .  sharapova beats agnieszka radwanska in straight sets 6-2 6-3 in third round .  top seed jelena jankovic crashes out to uzbek qualifier akgul amanmuradov .
 on the scene at the first 'x factor ' taping : simon and paula reunite <sec> `` the x factor '' looks kind of like `` american idol , '' except with pepsi cups on the table .  one of the biggest differences was that the first act to audition was a duo .  abdul and cole were the kinder mentors , while cowell and reid are the harshest judge .
 bayern 's 'final objective ' draws into sight <sec> bayern munich beat guangzhou evergrande 3-0 at the fifa club world cup .  european champions score three goals in seven minutes against asian counterparts .  bayern going for a fifth trophy in 2013 and will contest the final on sunday in morocco .  pep guardiola 's side will now face either raja casablanca or atletico mineir .
 pentagon ordered to preserve materials related to leak investigation <sec> `` we are complying with the preservation order , '' a senior pentagon official says .  the order potentially could cover thousands of civilian and military personnel .  the official says the next step could be for personnel to be interviewe .
 fukushima radiation levels spike , company says <sec> tepco found high radiation readings saturday .  it said the highest levels measured were so-called beta radiatio .
 miniature bronte manuscript sparks bidding war <sec> parisian museum wins bidding war for unpublished charlotte bronte manuscript .  bronte 's `` young men 's magazine '' was written in 1830 when she was just 14 .  experts say miniature manuscript is `` of huge literary significance '' .  one of the stories it contains is said to prefigure a key scene in `` jane eyre .
 bergen : are mass murderers using twitter as a tool ? <sec> peter bergen : kenya was first major attack in which terrorists provided twitter commentary .  terrorism has always been about theater , but use of social media takes it further , he says .  bergen says al-shabaab 's tweets were a way for the group to shape media coverag .
 irene fails to wow new yorkers <sec> katrina recovery veteran ranks irene as 6 out of 10 .  `` i slept through the whole thing , '' says james trager from his midtown apartment .  some in brooklyn chose to jog during the storm .  `` the media blew this all out of proportion , '' says sleepy hollow 's tom soboli .
 suit : prostitute , strippers part of blackwater fraud <sec> two ex-blackwater worldwide employees sue , allege pattern of fraud , abuse against firm .  security firm is now called xe ; company says suit 's allegations without merit .  suit alleges firm charged government for prostitution , strippers .  actions allegedly occurred in iraq , afghanistan and louisiana after hurricane katrin .
 indian officials downplay cricket world cup final fears <sec> fire officials visit mumbai cricket stadium and offer suggestions ahead of world cup .  official says fire-safety concerns will be addressed well before the april 2 final .  india is co-hosting the tournament along with sri lanka and bangladesh .  the first of 49 matches takes place in dhaka on saturda .
 g8 nations pledge action to halt sexual violence in war <sec> g8 foreign ministers endorse a declaration to end sexual violence in war .  a culture of impunity for those who commit sexual violence in conflict must end , they say .  the nations commit to do more to bring perpetrators to justice and help sexual violence victims .  `` for too long , they have been the forgotten victims of war , '' says angelina joli .
 djokovic , kvitova named 2011 tennis world champions <sec> novak djokovic and petra kvitova awarded title of itf world champions for 2011 .  world no . .  1 djokovic claimed three grand slam titles during an incredible year .  kvitova claimed a first grand slam title and also won the wta championships .  bryan brothers won men 's doubles award , kveta pschke and kata srebotnik the women ' .
 what is jazz ? <sec> jonathan batiste : jazz is the musical language used to state our deepest , truest feelings .  batiste says it 's complex and traditional but also contemporary .  performers aim to take listeners on a journey to someplace new and different , he say .
 france charges siege gunman 's brother as an accomplice <sec> merah 's brother has been charged with complicity in murder and attempted murder .  lawyer : a complaint filed against merah for violent behavior had not reached trial .  merah 's body shows more than 20 bullet wounds , a paris prosecutor says .  france lifts the scarlet state of alert declared in the toulouse area earlier this wee .
 pope emeritus benedict to attend canonization ceremony <sec> pope emeritus benedict xvi will attend the canonization of john paul ii and john xxiii .  vatican says as many as 150 cardinals and 1,000 bishops expected to attend ceremony .  as many as a million pilgrims are expected to witness the event in st. peter 's squar .
 john terry : chelsea 's iconic captain <sec> john terry made his chelsea debut against aston villa in 1998 .  terry led the club to a first english championship in 50 years in 2005 .  he became the first chelsea captain to win a league and fa cup double in 2006 .  terry is the current england captain , having been stripped of the role in 201 .
 cnn exclusive : carnival knew of fire danger before cruise , documents show <sec> an engine room fire left the carnival triumph adrift in february .  passengers reported overflowing toilets and other unsanitary conditions .  documents show spray shields were not installed on a fuel line that leaked .  despite that , the coast guard approved the ship for sailin .
 5 overlooked world treasures <sec> step off the beaten path to explore world treasures that are less obvious .  global heritage fund has some fascinating picks around the world .  explore one of the oldest cultures in peru , pre-dating machu picchu .  catalhoyuk in turkey may be one of the oldest towns in the worl .
 questions , not answers , highlight youtube debate <sec> youtube questions were sometimes personal , heartfelt and comical .  observers say no candidate stood out enough to challenge front-runner clinton .  kucinich points out he voted against iraq war as opposed to other candidates .  dodd : `` we 've lost our moral leadership in the world '' because of wa .
 experts : why many air crashes are survivable <sec> experts : amsterdam crash shows how safe modern aircraft have become .  nine people were killed in crash and 50 injured , 25 of them seriously .  one expert said that in many previous crashes , fatalities were caused by fire .  in wednesday 's crash , no fire apparent and plane debris not scattered widel .
 why do the romneys pay so little in taxes ? <sec> mitt and ann romney paid an effective tax rate of 14.1 % in their 2011 returns .  edward mccaffery : raising the tax rate wo n't affect the very rich .  he says very rich americans do not have to show any `` income '' on their tax returns .  mccaffery : tax spending , rather than work , and the rich will have to pay more taxe .
 review : 'don jon ' a dirty-minded romantic comedy <sec> joseph gordon-levitt is the writer , director , and star of `` don jon '' .  he plays a new jersey bartender who loves porn .  ew gives it a b+ grad .
 iran reaches nuclear deal with world leaders -- now what ? <sec> obama defends temporary deal , which limits iran 's nuclear program .  israel is sending a team to washington to discuss the deal .  sen. graham threatens more sanctions , calls iran 's leadership `` thuggish '' .  iran retains the right to enrich uranium but not above nuclear fuel leve .
 yale suspends fraternity for raunchy chants <sec> the suspension will last for five years , the school 's dean says .  the group is also banned from contacting students on campus and through university e-mail .  the fraternity 's former members includes presidents george h.w . .  bush and george w. bush .
 armed christian militia pulls support for 'burn a quran ' event <sec> new : church says it is surprised by the development .  new : the event will proceed , says the church 's pastor .  right wing extreme says it will not protect the church holding the event .  the group says the event `` does not glorify god .
 cain would win in court , but this is politics <sec> paul callan : the women accusing cain relate encounters from years ago .  the courts would n't hear these cases because of statute of limitations , he writes .  harassment claims , true and false , often settled out of court to avoid bad publicity .  callan : cain might win in court , but in politics , what matters is public judgmen .
 jeb bush to 'actively explore ' presidential bid <sec> other 2016 hopefuls maintain that bush 's announcement would n't prevent them from running .  bush posted tuesday on his social media accounts that he 's exploring a presidential bid .  bush has been making moves toward a run -- particularly in the past 48 hours .  democrats said that bush 's announcement was more about keeping his name in the new .
 1 killed , 4 wounded in kashmir violence <sec> indian security forces open fire on protesters .  authorities say group was attempting to torch paramilitary bunker .  violence erupts during funeral of youth who died .  youth 's family claims he was killed by police ; authorities deny allegatio .
 when losing e-mail is like a snow day <sec> bob greene says when gmail briefly went down for millions last week it was like a snow day .  he says at such moments we realize we rely on the service , know little about how it all works .  he says he 's reminded of wwii soldiers who could n't communicate with loved ones for years .  greene : a little silence , digital or otherwise , can at times feel like a treat .
 opinion : egypt 's el-sisi manufactures new dictatorship <sec> field marshal abdel fattah el-sisi has resigned from egypt 's armed forces to run for president .  khalil al-anani says el-sisi 's bid demonstrates the military 's desire to consolidate power .  egypt 's gulf allies have poured money into egypt and view el-sisi as a savior , he writes .  the west misguidedly thinks he will bring stability -- when he will create insecurity , al-anani say .
 moneyman pleads guilty in broadway musical con <sec> mark hotton admits he created fake foreign investors for `` rebecca , the musical '' .  u.s. attorney : `` the curtain is finally closing on hotton 's elaborately staged fraud '' .  attorney for the yet-to-open show : `` the damage he did to us was very substantial '' .  hotton faces up to 40 years in prison in this and another cas .
 ba posts pre-tax loss of $ 256.5 million <sec> ba announces large pre-tax loss in the three months ending june 30 .  the airline cites cabin crew strikes and volcano disruption as factors .  ba believes it will break even for the full yea .
 hockey linesman face blood , boos and road trips <sec> getting hit by pucks and breaking up fights is just one challenge for hockey officials .  developmental leagues hire skilled skaters with good judgment , hungry for the nhl .  while the hockey players get regular line changes , officials get a break every 30 minutes .  `` hockey sense , '' anticipating plays before they happen , is a must for official .
 afghan president karzai 's half brother shot dead <sec> new : white house condemns `` in the strongest possible terms '' the killing .  provincial council member says shooter was a trusted guard for ahmed wali karzai .  gen. david petraeus calls the shooting `` unfathomable '' .  the taliban claim responsibility , saying the guard was working for the .
 cnn student news transcript : february 25 , 2010 <sec> hear toyota 's president explain the cause of recent company problems .  consider a controversy that was sparked by a school laptop 's webcam .  find out how some colleges plan to make up for a drop in state funding .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 kelly slater : 'surfing is my religion ' <sec> `` king kelly '' slater is the most successful pro surfer in history .  at 41 , slater competes against surfers half his age , shows no sign of slowing down .  surfing is a `` religion '' for 11-time world champion , who finds beauty and solace in waves .  thrill comes with danger , with friends losing lives to giant wave .
 larry king turns 80 : 'i love being in the mix ' <sec> larry king 's wife throws a surprise party in dodger stadium .  `` i thought i could retire , but i could n't , '' king says .  king `` invented the whole thing of celebrity interviewing , '' pat boone says .  paul anka : `` he always gets to the real deal without hurting anybody .
 california students lay 65-mile chain of pennies <sec> southern california students want to break 40-mile world record set in kansas .  $ 84,500 collected will go to program that provides free after-school care .  more than 2,000 kids lay out loops at speedway track .  guinness world records will verify if record was se .
 issa and doj exchange tough words over possible holder contempt charge <sec> gop house members are expected to decide on a contempt citation this month .  at issue are documents concerning the ill-fated `` operation fast and furious '' .  the operation focused on gun trafficking along the mexican-u.s. border .  about a thousand firearms went missing during the operatio .
 snowden applies for temporary asylum in russia <sec> new : lawyer says edward snowden could get asylum answer in three months .  new : snowden might be able to leave airport in days while request is considered .  new : lawyer indicates snowden might take time in russia , despite asylum offers elsewhere .  snowden , charged with espionage in u.s. , has been in a moscow airport for 3 week .
 bale hurts inter again as chelsea stumble in romania <sec> gareth bale scores as tottenham thrash inter milan 3-0 in the europa league .  chelsea beaten 1-0 by steaua bucharest in their last-16 first leg tie .  newcastle draw 0-0 away at guus hiddink 's anzhi makhachkala in russia .  lazio beat vfb stuttgart 2-0 in germany while fenerbahce topple viktoria plze .
 glaciers melting so fast , a generation will be too late <sec> james balog says he did n't know how fast enormous quantities of ice were vanishing .  he says his eyes opened with photo assignments , now heads extreme ice survey .  balog says people will look back , wonder how predecessors could 've ignored global warming .  once a skeptic , convert says we ca n't afford to wait or be deluded by false informatio .
 samsung wins fight against apple in australia <sec> the australian high court denied apple 's appeal to an earlier court decision .  samsung says galaxy tab will be ready for sale in australia in time for the christmas .  apple claims that samsung 's newer galaxy tab 10.1 copies the ipa .
 the middle east rich list <sec> the middle east 's richest man is prince alwaleed bin talal alsaud .  he ranks 19th in the world in the forbes rich list .  seven other billionaires from the middle east rank in the top 10 .
 pro football legend al davis dies at 82 <sec> al davis was `` a true legend , '' nfl commissioner says .  al davis was the owner of the oakland raiders .  he had a six-decade career in professional football .  the cause of death was not immediately know .
 fury after 37 killed in beijing floods <sec> chinese netizens are criticizing lack of prepardeness for the weekend flooding .  37 people died in the heaviest rain in six decades ; most of them drowned .  sewage system was overwhelmed , despite recent modernizatio .
 subway to remove chemical from bread <sec> azodicarbonamide is a chemical found in yoga mats and shoe soles .  the chemical has been used for the purpose of strengthening dough .  announcing its removal , subway notes chemical has usda and fda approval .  'food babe ' blogger drew attention to the issu .
 gene may help explain kidney failure in african-americans <sec> study : gene predisposes african-americans to common kidney disease .  interactions between the myh9 gene and hypertension are still unknown .  it is still important for people to treat hypertension , experts sa .
 air travel still hobbled after chicago fire <sec> faa administrator : `` we need to be looking at everything '' .  o'hare international airport is still operating at 60 % capacity .  police say fire was set by an employee before he apparently tried to kill himself .  faa hopes to return chicago air traffic center to full service by october 1 .
