 gender perceptions at work <sec> average american woman earns approximately 21 percent less than the average man .  `` crying is the worst emotion to show at the office , '' expert says .  remind yourself that most over-the-top reactions are not about business but persona .
 fbi says it has unmasked russian spy ring in new york <sec> the men discussed meeting to swap things like tickets , books and hats .  but they were actually exchanging intelligence information , the fbi says .  one man has been arrested , two others are no longer in the u.s. , authorities sa .
 family of michigan child killed in raid sues police <sec> new : attorney recounts events leading to girl 's death that he said were caught on video .  new : geoffry fieger says girl was burned by flash device before being struck by bullet .  new : fieger calls police accounts of the raid `` absurd , '' claims cover-up .  the suits claim gross negligence and conspiracy to cover up a civil rights violatio .
 my mil is my bff ! <sec> what happens when an agressive mother-in-law turns out to be generous , too ? .  writer jessica gottlieb was surprised and encouraged by her mil 's parenting advice .  the woman who started off critical turned out to be gottlieb 's partner in crim .
 kaymer reaches summit as new world number one <sec> martin kaymer has been speaking about his rise to the top of the world golf rankings .  kaymer takes over from lee westwood despite losing match play final to luke donald .  kaymer reaches summit just six years after turning professional in 2005 .  the 26-year-old is only the sixth european to get to no.1 and the second germa .
 new radioactive water leak at japan 's fukushima daiichi plant <sec> tepco says it discovered highly contaminated water leaking from a tank .  an estimated 100 metric tons flowed over a barrier and onto the ground , it says .  the company says it has shut off the flow of water into the tank and the leak has stopped .  tepco has struggled to manage the vast amounts of tainted water at crippled plan .
 australian lawmaker says hackers stole spy agency information <sec> an opposition senator says the cyber theft of spy agency blueprints happened .  he says the prime minster was wrong to dismiss a tv report on the attack .  china has called the tv report a `` baseless accusation '' .  the program alleged that other top australian government agencies were hacke .
 10 weird things found in unclaimed luggage <sec> unclaimed suitcases go to unclaimed baggage center in scottsboro , alabama .  items in suitcases are mostly clothes or toiletries , with occasional diamond .  a $ 250,000 naval guidance system was left in unclaimed luggage .  full suit of armor , ancient egyptian artifacts and 40.95-carat natural emeral .
 africa 's 'first design museum ' stirs continent 's creative pulse <sec> africa 's first museum dedicated to design opened its doors late last month .  based in n johannesburg , the museum of african design aims to be a `` cultural hub '' .  its first full-length exhibition starts today and runs until february 9 .  called `` native nostalgia , '' it features mixed media creations from several african artist .
 f1 : bernie ecclestone reveals ferrari has veto over his successor <sec> bernie ecclestone reveals ferrari can veto his successor as formula one chief executive .  f1 's controlling shareholder , private equity firm cvc , would also have a significant say .  ecclestone this year named red bull team boss christian horner as his possible replacement .  but the 83-year-old says he has no plans to stand dow .
 slayings of 4 guatemalan prison officials blamed on drug trade <sec> four killed in three orchestrated attacks , local papers say .  analysts blame attacks on flow of drugs through country .  guatemala on route from mexico to colombia , two biggest sources of drugs in area .  analysts also blame guatemalan government they say is incompetent and corrup .
 mentors : do you need one ? <sec> working with a mentor can widen your network of contacts .  a mentor can provide you with honest advice and candid opinions .  some find mentors via linkedin , brightfuse and other business/social group .
 private memorial service planned for film director tony scott <sec> scott is best known for the films `` top gun '' and `` beverly hills cop ii '' .  he apparently killed himself sunday by jumping from a bridge in california .  scott , 68 , wrote two notes before his death , including a message for family member .
 prosecutors wrap case in edwards corruption trial <sec> prosecutors wrapped up their case in the john edwards corruption trial .  they detailed hundreds of thousands of dollars in expenses used by ex-mistress .  edwards faces six felony courts , including conspiracy and making false statement .
 google street view blacked out in greece <sec> greek watchdog wants more information from google about privacy measures .  privacy campaigners say street view could be abused .  residents of one uk village say it will help burglars scout targets .  google says it is n't breaking any laws and takes privacy very seriousl .
 gold medallist nadzeya ostapchuk stripped after failing drug test <sec> nadzeya ostapchuk stripped of women 's shot put gold after failing a drug test .  the belorussian tested positive for the banned substance metenolone .  new zealand 's valerie adams has been awarded the gold medal .  russia 's promoted to silver medal position , with china 's ligiao gong now thir .
 radwanska reaches new heights with dubai success <sec> poland 's agnieszka radwanska will move up one place in world rankings after dubai win .  she will move into the top five for the first time in her career having claimed eighth title .  juan martin del potro and michael llodra to contest the final of the marseille open .  jurgen melzer will face in-form canadian milos raonic in the final of the memphis even .
 gunfire 'all night and morning ' in besieged syrian city <sec> new : resident : at least five people have died on tuesday .  new : u.n. concerned over reports of security fire into palestinian camp .  syria 's government-run media denounces international reports as untrue .  more than 2,500 people have died since the uprising began , opposition activists sa .
 man completes world trip relying on twitter friends <sec> british man travels around the world using only contacts made on twitter .  paul smith traveled to new zealand from newcastle-upon-tyne .  he managed to get his photo taken with actress liv tyler on the wa .
 9 ways sochi surprises <sec> sochi has gay bars -- despite putin .  cossacks are on street patrol .  you might find chacha in your vodka glass -- a bit like grappa .  cigarette-loving russians have to butt out for the game .
 envelope tests positive for ricin at washington mail facility <sec> laboratory tests confirmed the presence of ricin , senate official says .  the letter had a memphis , tennessee , postmark and no return address .  it was addressed to sen. roger wicker , r-mississippi .  ricin is a highly toxic substance derived from castor bean .
 marked man ? zimmerman in danger , could face new charges <sec> new : facebook post says zimmerman will `` feel what it 's like to be a black man '' .  some threats are in person , zimmerman 's brother tells cnn .  george zimmerman could face federal criminal charges in trayvon martin 's death .  zimmerman has worn disguises and a bullet-proof ves .
 deaths reported in air crash near namibian-angolan border <sec> the flight was en route to angola from mozambique .  the plane went down in a remote area .  the flight had been reported `` missing .
 china 's next top leader : view from fujian <sec> xi jinping , seen in china president hu jintao 's heir apparent , is currently visiting the u.s . .  one entrepreneur remembers his support for private enterprise as governor of fujian .  for a long time , the best-known aspect of xi 's life was his wife , a famous folk singer .  after meetings last year , u.s. officials viewed him as someone america can do business wit .
 u.s. wanted to board north korean merchant vessel , pentagon says <sec> permission to board the ship was denied , the pentagon says .  it was believed the ship might have been heading to myanmar with banned technology .  the ship eventually returned to north kore .
 teaching kids to cope on the ball field <sec> soccer referee ricardo portillo died after being assaulted on the field .  julie christie 's father refereed and coached her as a young fiery athlete .  christie recognizes her own perfectionism and temper in her daughter .  a sports psychologist says parents must mirror good behaviors for childre .
 'the act of killing ' helps indonesia confront its dark past <sec> anti-communist purges across indonesia sparked by failed coup on september 30 , 1965 .  many victims ' families still unable to talk openly about the period when up to 1 million believed killed .  documentary that shows events from perpetrators ' view having impact on changing attitudes .  filmmaker says film will be free for all in indonesia to watch online from september 30 , the coup 's anniversar .
 the who to return for makeup concert -- 33 years later <sec> venue honors tickets for a who concert scheduled more than 30 years ago .  the original concert was canceled following a tragedy at another venue .  anyone who still had the 1979 ticket could exchange for new sho .
 how queen gets last word on uk election <sec> british prime ministers must be invited to take up the role by the queen .  queen elizabeth has dealt with 11 prime ministers including winston churchill .  queen does not get involved in political decision making but has power to interven .
 cross-faith crowd-funding helps rebuild torched lebanon library <sec> library and antique bookshop in tripoli torched in early january .  restoration is driven by community crowd-funding .  people from all faiths have contributed to the effort .  many hope the project can be a focal point for better community relation .
 former liberian president boycotts his war crimes trial <sec> charles taylor is the first african head of state to appear before an international war crimes tribunal .  he is accused of fueling a bloody civil war in liberia and neighboring sierra leone .  `` he indicated he was deeply upset and needed to rest , '' a court spokesman says of the boycott .  taylor has pleaded not guilty to charges that include crimes against humanit .
 recording : paris gunman had dialogue with hostages <sec> french radio station rtl says line remained open after hostage-taker spoke via phone on friday .  if france `` did n't attack other countries , i would n't be here , '' man believed to be gunman tells hostages .  israeli pm says survivor told him that one of the hostages had tried to take terrorist 's weapo .
 forward into the past : another bush or clinton in the white house ? <sec> familiar names are early possibilities for the 2016 presidential race .  hillary clinton is the overwhelming favorite among democrats .  jeb bush is among the top gop possibilities so far .  neither says they are running , but both promise a decision this yea .
 christians in egypt stage protest <sec> the protests occurred in the egyptian capital of cairo .  there have been longstanding tensions between muslims and copt .
 military : mastermind of samarra mosque bombing killed <sec> haitham sabah al-badri was the al qaeda emir of greater samarra .  u.s. military says al-badri suspected in two other attacks that killed 49 .  family of slain girl upset soldier was n't sentenced to death , reuters says .  at least 11 people killed in mortar attacks in baghdad , interior ministry say .
 nato , russia to resume military relationship <sec> secretary-general : nato-russia council `` up and running again '' .  member states `` share common security interests , '' jaap de hoop scheffer says .  council gives nato and russia opportunity to consult and coordinate activities .  russia 's war with georgia and recognition of breakaway regions strained relation .
 saudi king 's royal meet draws fire <sec> new saudi arabia 's king abdullah begins state visit to uk , meets queen , pm .  controversy over human rights , literature in uk mosques , bae inquiry .  several mps plan to either boycott the visit or join demonstrations .  the king monday accused uk authorities of not doing enough to fight terroris .
 shaquille o'neal fights privacy invasion lawsuit <sec> former computer consultant says he has proof of shaquille o'neal 's affairs .  shawn darling says the nba star tried to have him arrested , stole his personal data .  lawyer says darling copied o'neal 's e-mails , demanded money in exchange for them .  o'neal 's lawyer says he will file motion to dismiss lawsuit on thursda .
 aid trickles into indonesia quake and tsunami zone <sec> the area 's remoteness has limited help and communications .  at least 311 people have died and more than 400 are missing .  a team from surfaid international has reached the area .  the nonprofit group also has shipped 1,000 shelter kit .
 south carolina police shooting discrepancies <sec> more questions than answers emerge in controversial s.c. police shooting .  officer michael slager , charged with murder , was fired from the north charleston police departmen .
 natasha 's lesson helps save ohio girl <sec> richardson 's death raises question : when should you go to er after head injury ? .  dizziness , vomiting , headache and confusion are all red flags .  take special care if person is on blood thinners or is elderly .  doc : `` sometimes there 's a gray zone , and there 's no right answer . .
 more than 200 paraguay villagers thought sprayed with pesticide <sec> seven indigenous paraguayans hospitalized after land dispute .  200 in ava guarani refuse to leave land soy growers say belongs to them .  after dispute , planes flew over fields and sprayed villagers , official say .
 six children hospitalized with e. coli after water park visit <sec> the 6 sickened alabama children all visited opelika sportsplex and aquatic center between june 12-18 .  the center 's splash park has closed temporarily .  bacteria can spread in pools from children swimming in dirty diapers , health officials sa .
 curt schilling did exactly the right thing <sec> ruben navarrette : schilling deserves praise for taking on online haters for offensive comments about his daughter .  navarrette : in protecting his child , schilling set a model for parenting and taught us a lesson about social medi .
 giant panda mei xiang gives birth at national zoo <sec> new : the panda 's paternity is unclear .  mei xiang gives birth after quick labor , zoo officials watch for second .  giant pandas are one of the world 's most endangered species .  zoo atlanta welcomed the first ever panda twins in jul .
 kaka sent off as madrid miss ronaldo <sec> brazil midfielder kaka sent off in real madrid 's 0-0 draw with bottom spanish club osasuna .  former ac milan star booked twice inside of 20 minutes after coming on in second half .  jose mourinho 's los blancos could end the weekend 18 points behind leaders barcelona .  in italy 's serie a , inter milan move up to third place with 2-0 victory at home to pescar .
 elbaradei not named egypt 's pm , but is 'logical choice ' <sec> new : elbaradei has not been named prime minister , a presidential spokesman says .  he is summoned to meet with interim president .  at least 1,404 more are injured .  appeals trial of former president hosni mubarak postponed until august 1 .
 treasure hunters claim historic warship found <sec> team says it has discovered the wreck site of hms victory .  victory sank in 1744 between england and france .  if find is confirmed , it could set up a legal battle with the british government .  replacement hms victory served as nelson flagship for battle of trafalgar in 180 .
 happy 70th birthday , mick jagger ! <sec> mick jagger turns 70 on friday .  he 's the latest '60s rocker to cross the threshold .  but , like many of them , jagger still playing , creating music .  they were mocked when young , now mocked for being old - but they 're having last laug .
 liverpool sunk by berbatov hat-trick <sec> dimitar berbatov scores a hat-trick as manchester united beat liverpool 3-2 .  the bulgarian heads home a late winner after liverpool had fought back from 2-0 down .  steven gerrard scored both liverpool 's goal in a thrilling old trafford encounter .  chelsea remain 100 per cent after five games following a 4-0 home win over blackpoo .
 black caviar set for dubai after 19th win <sec> five-year-old mare black caviar extends her winning run to 19 races .  the peter moody-trained horse won the lightning stakes in her native australia .  she is currently ranked joint-second on the all-time undefeated list .  black caviar could now be bound for dubai and , eventually , royal asco .
 opinion : new id rules would threaten citizens ' rights <sec> richard sobel : comprehensive immigration reform is a good thing for the u.s . .  but he says provisions in the senate bill would impose intrusive id systems .  many workers could be denied the right to work because of faulty systems , he says .  sobel : id proposals are costly and endanger constitutionally protected freedom .
 new york school goes all-vegetarian <sec> queens school sees health and nutrition as part of educating the whole child .  many students were used to vegetarian meals at home , officials say .  the school began offering vegetarian meals daily in januar .
 'bringing the caffeine to the people ' <sec> lucy valena traveled to seattle to learn from the best baristas .  she returned to boston and launched a mobile espresso catering company last fall .  valena started with $ 2,000 of her own cash and a $ 4,000 loan from brewer .  beer maker helps small food and beverage businesses get funding , advic .
 child tobacco farmers 'exposed to toxic levels of nicotine ' <sec> children can absorb up to 50 cigarettes worth of nicotine on wet days .  wearing gloves , washing clothes or bathing would all reduce exposure and risk .  green tobacco sickness 'feels like death , ' induces headaches , nausea .  report reveals widespread abuse of child workers , withheld wages , violenc .
 'action man ' putin hits the slopes of sochi ahead of winter games <sec> vladimir putin hits the slopes in sochi .  russian president dons skis on a visit to winter games host city .  practices on runs adjacent to the pistes used for olympic competition .  visit comes amid security fears after attacks on volgogra .
 'brazil suits red bull ' insists vettel <sec> sebastian vettel insists the interlagos track in sao paulo suits red bull team .  the german is locked in a battle for the formula one title with fernando alonso .  vettel likes the circuit in brazil where he must finish at least fourth to win title .  ferrari defend decision to invoke a grid penalty for felipe massa to benefit alons .
 cnn enters the virtual world of second life <sec> cnn opens i-report hub in virtual world of second life .  second life is a 3-d digital world developed by linden labs .  users create `` avatars , '' characters with features that can be customized .  i-report : share your second life i-reports with cn .
 taylor swift on the future of music <sec> taylor swift wrote an opinion piece in the wall street journal on the music industry .  she remains optimistic about its future .  swift says the key is to create art that is valuable and connects with fan .
 how obama is using student loan issue to recapture the youth vote <sec> college grads face student loan rates that could double if congress does n't act .  obama pushing hard for freezing rates while shoring up youth vote .  romney also supports plan , but blames obama for economic problems of yout .
 confessions of a superyacht worker <sec> bonnie muddle has been working on superyachts for six years .  her work has taken her to some of the world 's most famous ports .  she says the yachting industry is full of extreme highs and extremes low .
 simpson codefendants avoid prison <sec> charles cashmore , charles erlich , michael mcclinton , walter alexander in court .  four accompanied simpson , another man in robbery of memorabilia dealers .  if they violate probation , four face prison terms of 12 months to 84 months .  judge must still decide restitution in cas .
 malaysians seek pakistani man over alleged mh370 theft <sec> pakistani national sought over the alleged theft of money from mh370 bank accounts .  two people arrested , including an hsbc bank employee and her husband .  hsbc noticed suspicious transfers of $ 35,000 from four accounts .  accounts belonged to two chinese passengers , one malaysian passenger and one cre .
 murder charges sought against ohio man in ending captives ' pregnancies <sec> new : ariel castro 's mother : `` i have a sick son , who has done something serious '' .  new : castro 's daughter : `` it 's all adding up , and i 'm just disgusted '' .  prosecutor says he 'll seek to charge castro with murder for ending captives ' pregnancies .  already charged with kidnapping and rape , castro is being held on $ 8 million bai .
