 cameron and obama : no 'bromance ' here <sec> timothy stanley : u.s. , britain once had special relationship that has cooled with obama .  he says cameron , visiting u.s. this week , leans neo-conservative , obama does not .  he says obama has domestic priorities , gives support , but leaves allies to own objectives .  stanley : old allies do n't get same support from u.s. as in past ; israel feels frustration , to .
 michael che joins 'snl 's ' weekend update <sec> michael che has joined `` saturday night live 's '' weekend update .  he 'll replace cecily strong , who 's still a regular player .  che will host along with colin jos .
 blind runner beats poverty , bullies to become champion <sec> terezinha guilhermina is the fastest blind woman runner in the world .  she won two gold medals at 2012 london paralympics but fell in 400m .  the 34-year-old will retire after the 2016 paralympics in her native brazil .  guilhermina : `` i had nothing , now i have everything .
 health care act 's glaring omission : liability reform <sec> `` obamacare '' does not address medical liability reform .  doctors practice `` defensive medicine '' to avoid potential litigation .  malpractice insurance costs can be astronomical for some .  one multimillion-dollar verdict can cause a doctor to lose everythin .
 snowboarder buried in ice tunnel collapse at oregon 's mt . hood <sec> new : search teams used chainsaws and hand tools to move several tons of debris .  authorities say collin backowski was killed after a tunnel collapsed .  search teams find his body buried under more than 8 feet of ice .  fellow snowboarders tried to dig him out but were not successfu .
 thai army says it did not shoot protest leader <sec> new : thai army says it did not shoot protest leader .  red shirt leader `` seh daeng '' is hospitalized after being shot earlier .  anti-government udd demands abhisit dissolve lower house of parliament .  udd , also called red shirts , are supporters of former prime minister thaksin shinawatr .
 scottish chiefs turn to ex-england rugby coach <sec> andy robinson appointed new coach of scotland 's national rugby team .  robinson replaces frank hadden , who resigned in april after poor results .  the 45-year-old has played for and coached england 's national side .  he rebuilt his career with edinburgh after being sacked by englan .
 police shootings : kill people for 'loosies ' ? ( opinion ) <sec> lucia brawley : the responsibility for ending killings by police is shared by many .  she says black males , even fbi agents , are often the target of unfair police actions .  law enforcement must do more to remedy inequities and injustice , she say .
 way on the sidelines of summit , medvedev takes walk on wild side <sec> cnn 's jim acosta caught up with russian prime minister dmitry medvedev in myanmar .  medvedev was visiting the white elephants next to the pagoda in naypyitaw .  he said `` time will show '' whether the u.s. and russia can come to an agreement on ukrain .
 gunman , six others dead at wisconsin sikh temple <sec> new : no link has between found between the suspect and temple , an atf spokesman says .  new : sikhs have a constant `` fear that this kind of incident will take place , '' a sikh leader says .  the suspect is described by witnesses as a white man , 40 , wearing a white t-shirt .  he killed 6 people before being killed by a police officer , authorities and witnesses sa .
 seoul : the city that never sleeps <sec> seoul is cosmopolitan , hectic and exciting , cnngo contributor gregory curley says .  the city is the world design capital this year .  markets , historic palaces and innovative design projects are just some of the city 's highlight .
 italian club lazio punished for fourth racism offense this season <sec> serie a side lazio punished for a series of offenses including racism .  uefa says lazio must play next two european home games behind closed doors .  the rome-based team also fined €40,000 ( $ 52,000 ) by ruling body .  it is the fourth time this season lazio has been punished by uef .
 iran nuclear talks : anger , gloom in tehran after deal falls through <sec> world powers and iran fail to reach deal over tehran 's nuclear program .  many iranians blame french foreign minister for lack of agreement after talks .  french foreign minister says israel 's security concerns must be taken into account .  israeli prime minister has said proposed agreement was `` a bad deal for peace .
 report : anti-semitism on the rise globally <sec> anti-semitism not just history , it 's `` a current event , '' state department report says .  report cites attacks , holocaust denial , property desecration , hate-mongering .  some governments promote anti-semitism , report says , citing iran , syri .
 ebola vaccine tests planned soon , nih says <sec> ebola vaccine could be tested on people as soon as september , nih says .  agency has been working on the ebola vaccine over the last few years .  cdc raises travel alert for guinea , liberia , and sierra leone from level 2 to level .
 bush ignores family history on immigration <sec> jeb bush hammered obama for unilateral action , but past bush presidents have done similar .  george h.w . .  bush , son both gave relief to undocumented during their presidencies .  former bush administration official says there 's `` hypocrisy '' from both parties on the issu .
 greetings from campowerment : a getaway to go deep <sec> campowerment retreat draws women to a grown-up version of summer camp .  activities include archery , yoga and the `` leap of faith , '' a jump from a 35-foot pole .  also : s'more roasting , happy hour sing-alongs , a sex toy party .  camper : `` it was so nice to just be with other women and share our stories .
 missing vietnamese oil tanker found raided by pirates <sec> new : vessel found after pirates released it , making off with some cargo .  ship went missing on october 2 within an hour of departing singapore .  18 crew were on board the ship which was headed for vietna .
 oregon , washington , d.c. legalize marijuana - cnnpolitics.com <sec> voters in oregon , alaska and washington , d.c. approved marijuana legalization on tuesday .  the oregon and alaska measures legalizes personal possession , manufacture and sale of marijuana for people 21 years of age and older .  florida voters rejected a proposal on medical marijuana in florida , according to a cnn projection .  because the law was a constitutional amendment , it needed 60 % approva .
 at least 8 dead , dozens hurt , in quake in southern iran <sec> at least 59 injured , fars reports .  the 5.6-magnitude quake struck early in the evening near a nuclear power plant .  iran 's location atop faults leaves it prone to quake .
 obama : nato summit was 'extremely productive ' <sec> u.s.-europe relations no longer `` strained , '' president obama says .  nato renewed commitment to defend member nations against attack .  nato and afghanistan forge long-term partnership .  in 2012 , nato heads of state will meet in the united state .
 current tv countersues keith olbermann <sec> current tv accuses olbermann of breach of contract .  company co-founders al gore and joel hyatt are `` dilettantes , '' olbermann 's suit says .  olbermann says he 's owed $ 50 million to $ 70 million in cash and equity compensation .  current tv terminated olbermann last wee .
 taliban admits abducting 30 boys in pakistan <sec> the group says it seized the boys to punish their tribe for forming a militia .  the boys are taken thursday from bajaur agency .  taliban : `` everyone who supports the government ... will face the same fate .
 hussein 's deputy on trial over executions <sec> tariq aziz , former iraqi deputy pm , appears in court over executions .  he and five others charged with execution of 42 merchants .  this is the fourth major trial of ex-hussein officials since invasion .  violence continues in baghdad as u.s. troops kill insurgents in gunbattl .
 hamilton blasts button in twitter rant <sec> lewis hamilton accuses jenson button of `` unfollowing '' him on twitter .  hamilton and button are teammates at mclaren , although hamilton will leave in 2013 .  the 2008 world champion will join german manufacturer mercedes .  felipe massa hopes a podium finish in japan will ensure his future at ferrar .
 egypt takes center stage at munich security conference <sec> new : mubarak must stay in office , obama envoy says .  the quartet notes the effect of egypt 's unrest on mideast peace process .  issues like terrorism and the start treaty are being addressed .  start takes effect after clinton , lavrov exchange instruments of ratificatio .
 cleveland to demolish serial killer 's home <sec> `` no piece of the property will remain , '' a community relations official tells victims ' families .  anthony sowell was convicted of killing 11 women and hiding bodies in the house .  he was sentenced to death in august after conviction in jul .
 commentary : lifting image ban respects war dead <sec> ralph j. begleiter : u.s. policy on photographing war dead was result of coincidence .  he says it was due to split-screen image of president joking while coffins returning .  begleiter : new policy allows the nation to pay proper respect to war dead .  he urges government to resume using its photographers to document the tol .
 what if students learn faster without teachers ? <sec> education expert sugata mitra received $ 1 million ted prize .  mitra says his research shows the learning power of self-organized student teams .  he says instruction need not be top down and the role of teachers is shifting .  he hopes to use prize money to build a lab to test his ideas about learnin .
 opinion : india 's rape problem needs a rewiring of society 's attitude <sec> 23-year-old woman in critical condition in delhi after being raped , beaten by gang .  the case has provoked widespread protests against authorities in india 's capital .  india reports a rape case every 22 minutes , according to the national crime records bureau .  menon : many indians believe that women invite trouble on themselves by being careles .
 31 found guilty in deadly 2002 train arson in india <sec> 63 others are acquitted because of lack of evidence .  the torching of the train killed more than 50 , mostly hindu pilgrims .  it sparked days of rioting in which most muslims were killed .  india takes special security steps ahead of the verdic .
 europe 's greatest museum treasures <sec> competition in museum world heats up with reopening of dutch treasure house .  greatest treasures not always where crowds are .  british museum cites its oldest object -- a chopping tool .  in florence , a madonna portrait modeled on artist 's beloved wife is alternative must-se .
 shanghai auto show cranks up amid worries over supply-chain shortages <sec> one estimate says china will have 600 million vehicles by 2030 .  gm , chevy , bmw and citroen are among brands showing in shanghai this week .  `` ten percent growth will last for several years , '' says peugeot 's top executive .  supply-chain concerns loom after japan 's devastating earthquake and tsunam .
 instagram photos show superstorm sandy 's drenching path of damage <sec> superstorm sandy barrels ashore on east coast , killing dozens and leaving path of damage .  witnessing the effects of sandy ? .  share your photos and video on cnn ireport and use the # cnnireport hashtag on social medi .
 report : iran hangs 16 'rebels ' over deadly clashes with border guards <sec> new : president rouhani calls for strong measures to deal with terrorism , state media say .  iran 's deputy interior minister says `` terrorist activities '' were initiated over the border .  authorities hang 16 rebels in response to overnight clashes with security forces -- report .  14 border guards were killed in the clashes with bandits in southeast iran , state media sa .
 garissa university attack : the problems plaguing kenya 's security efforts <sec> kenya 's security has been bogged down by concerns over civil rights .  kenyan muslims have been targeted in raids and robbed , says human rights watc .
 singapore pm criticizes u.s. `game of chicken ' <sec> singapore prime minister criticizes u.s. shutdown as a `` game of chicken '' .  prime minister lee fears the squabble could have long-term impact for world 's largest economy .  the economic fate of the city-state is closely linked with the health of the u.s. economy .  u.s. president obama canceled his visit to the 21-nation apec summit over the shutdow .
 nick compton : facing fear in cricket 's fast lane <sec> england cricketer and friend of phil hughes gives insight to life as top batsmen .  being a batsmen takes `` drive and courage to face your emotions and fears '' .  compton suffered own blow to the head this year playing for english county someset .  the 31-year-old is grandson of legendary england player denis compto .
 lawyer : iran has no evidence against baha'i prisoners <sec> seven baha'i prisoners accused of espionage to go on trial tuesday in iran .  baha'is are accused of spying for israel , spreading propaganda against iran .  one of defendants ' attorneys is in jail ; another is outside the country .  case of the seven baha'is has drawn global attentio .
 man : kidnapped wife found in cairo suburb <sec> the woman is the wife of a freelance tv anchor in egypt .  her husband accuses syrian intelligence agents of carrying out the alleged kidnapping .  police are investigating the origins of text messages allegedly from the kidnapper .
 jazz man is first african-american to solo on u.s. circulating coin <sec> duke ellington featured on reverse of new quarter honoring district of columbia .  coin introduced at smithsonian 's national museum of american history .  african-americans have appeared on commemorative coins or as minor figures .  ellington was born in d.c. and composed several jazz standard .
 the biggest moment in the world <sec> bob greene : before radio , tv , pope 's appearance was most dramatic way to announce news .  new pope 's appearance on the balcony of st. peter 's is a moment like no other , he says .  greene : you could see the impact of the moment in the pope 's eye .
 historic ruling opens way for immigration for same-sex spouses <sec> melanie servetas married her love , claudia amaral , just as the court ruling came down .  it 's the happiest day of her life , she says .  the court striking down doma opens immigration for binational couples .  a u.s. citizen can now sponsor his or her same-sex spouse for a green car .
 washington , d.c. , shootings : census bureau , h street <sec> authorities believe the two shootings are connected .  a suspect leads police on a wild chase , firing at multiple locations .  a census bureau guard is in critical condition , a fire official say .
 at & t ; 's lte network is faster but smaller than verizon 's <sec> verizon 's lte network is currently the largest in terms of nationwide coverage .  at & t is set to rival verizon as it expands its lte network .  report shows that at & t 's average lte speeds are better than verizon 's -- at least for now .  sprint will begin rolling out its 4g lte network in mid to late 201 .
 head of doe loan office resigns in midst of solyndra furor <sec> jonathan silver was head of energy dept . .  's loan program office .  doe secretary steven chu : he has resigned to take a position in the private sector .  republicans say resignation `` does not solve the problem '' .  chu : loan program supporting `` 28 projects with a total loan amount of $ 16 billion .
 world cup 2014 : why england ca n't compete <sec> england facing struggle to compete against world 's best .  roy hodgson says his players will cope with 'tiredness ' .  country has not won world cup since 1966 .  england faces uruguay , italy and costa rica in group stag .
 gsa exec takes the fifth on las vegas spending scandal <sec> committee members express outrage over gsa actions .  a gsa official says he told a white house lawyer of the problem in may or june 2011 .  the gsa chief who resigned over the controversy mourns her departure .  republicans try to score political points at the house oversight committee hearin .
 thai , cambodian forces exchange gunfire near ancient temple <sec> new : thai officials : one soldier and one civilian have been killed in clashes .  fighting over an 11th century temple erupts along thai-cambodia border .  preah vihear temple sits on cambodian soil , but the best entrance is on the thai side .  conflict over the preah vihear site has erupted periodically for year .
 farmer 's suicide note shows japan 's disaster impact <sec> the region of soma has been deeply impacted by the nuclear crisis .  people are reluctant to buy milk coming from that region because of radiation fears .  `` we are all in the same situation . .  our future with daily farming is unclear , '' an official say .
 season finale ? how debates have become the ultimate 'event ' tv <sec> the 19 gop presidential debates have become key moments in the campaign .  many voters say they decide who to vote for based on the debates .  the seventh cnn debate is at 8 p.m. wednesday in mesa , arizon .
 high temperatures disrupt tennis at australian open in melbourne <sec> tournament officials issue an `` extreme heat policy '' after temperatures top 40 celsius .  the move suspends current matches at the end of the set being played .  it also stops new matches on outdoor courts until temperatures decline .  the heat has already affected some players in matches this wee .
 palestinian leaders slam al-jazeera over alleged peace process leak <sec> new : palestinians protest and burn al-jazeera banners .  new : middle east negotiator tony blair of britain calls the report `` absurd '' .  the palestinian authority president calls al-jazeera 's report `` shameful '' .  the chief palestinian negotiator calls some allegations `` patently false .
 french open : the grand slam that got away <sec> grand slam in tennis consists of wimbledon , french , u.s. and australian opens .  only seven men have completed a career grand slam in singles .  pete sampras , boris becker and stefan edberg all won three of the slams .  each missed out on the career grand slam by failing to win french ope .
 who wants to be a billionaire ? lifestyle of the monaco rich and famous <sec> formula one 's monaco grand prix is a heady mix of racing and wealth .  former team owner flavio briatore presides over monte carlo 's billionaire club .  the club hosted an after party following nico rosberg 's victory in sunday 's race .  many racegoers prefer to take a beer onto the famous track once the race has finishe .
 serbian confectioner enjoys sweet success <sec> serbia is struggling with sluggish growth , high inflation , unemployment at 25 % .  serbia 's minimum wage , at $ 1.36 an hour , is one of the lowest in europe , and comes in below china .  entry into the eu has raised fears the country 's educated youth will fle .
 dems put up brave face ahead of election <sec> democrats are trying to keep hope alive for tuesday 's midterms .  this includes vice president joe biden and candidates like alison lundergan grimes .  their message comes in the face of a wave of worrying poll numbers for democrats .  both parties have top surrogates on the trail monda .
 17 killed in kabul suicide blasts <sec> 17 killed in attacks in kabul , nationalities still to be confirmed .  taliban claim responsibility for attacks , which started with suicide car bomb .  three bombers were killed , taliban spokesman says .  neighborhood has a number of government buildings and u.n. office .
 football unites turkey 's 'marginalized ' african immigrants <sec> africans play for national sides in soccer competition that has atrracted widespread turkish interest .  tournament started in a rented field ; now professional scouts can be watching .  competition sees expat africans in turkey playing for their national team .  it gives players and fans a chance to bond and create a little bit of africa in istanbu .
 100 die in vietnam flash floods <sec> flash floods and landslides kill at least 100 people in vietnam .  disasters triggered by tropical storm .  forecasters fear additional casualtie .
 jetblue cancels flights to rest crews <sec> jetblue blames severe weather and new pilot rules for delays and cancellations .  the pilots union says airlines have had two years to prepare for new rest requirements .  travel expert says airlines are ill-prepared for `` irregular '' travel event .
 obama throws ceremonial first pitch at all-star game <sec> president obama throws opening pitch at all-stars game tuesday .  cincinnati mayor mark mallory got lots of attention for his embarrassing throw .  obama should `` turn the nervousness into positive adrenaline , '' scout advise .
 an author 's legacy beyond his words <sec> best-selling author paul sussman , 45 , died last year from a ruptured aneurysm .  widow says one of the difficult things `` about losing someone is the conversation ending '' .  sussman 's literary team faces a painful dilemma -- what to do with an unpublished manuscript .  his widow finds writing letters to her husband helps her cope with his deat .
 all christians 'targets , ' iraqi militant group says <sec> al qaeda in iraq had issued a deadline for the release of alleged female prisoners .  the group claimed responsibility for sunday 's attack on a baghdad church .  egypt reinforces security at churches around the countr .
