 u.n. : militaries can pursue somali pirates on land <sec> military forces from various countries are patrolling pirate-infested waters off somalia .  nearly 100 vessels have come under fire in the area , with almost 40 being hijacked .  the resolution allows national , regional military forces to chase pirates into somalia .  u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice said bush backed the mov .
 three women arrested on terrorist funding charges <sec> court records say money sent to `` orphans '' actually went islamic insurgents .  justice department : the operation disguised money transfers to al-shabaab .  two women in america and one in the netherlands arrested in their home .
 ebola virus : can nations stop deadliest ever outbreak from spreading ? <sec> african health ministers and world experts gather in ghana to discuss ebola outbreak .  world health organization has warned that `` drastic action '' is needed to halt the epidemic .  the outbreak is the largest in terms of number of deaths and geographical spread .  the virus , which kills up to 90 % of those infected , is spread through contact with body fluid .
 coroner rules don cornelius death a suicide <sec> la coroner : don cornelius died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head .  cornelius used his own money to launch `` soul train '' in 1970 .  the program had a 37-year ru .
 january 's fbi gun background checks are second-highest ever - cnnpolitics.com <sec> figures show there were 2,495,400 background checks through fbi system .  the data does not indicate exactly how many weapons might have been purchased .  december was the top record-setting month , with 2,783,765 background check .
 mclaren chief : f1 teams must unite <sec> mclaren principal martin whitmarsh hopes teams will sign new concorde deal .  he reveals that nine of the 12 teams have signed individual contracts .  whitmarsh says mclaren will not take place on board until all teams sign up .  he is confident that lewis hamilton will agree new deal during upcoming brea .
 it 's a girl for heidi klum and seal <sec> heidi klum and seal have confirmed their daughter was born friday .  the couple named her lou sulola samuel .  she has three siblings : henri , johan and leni .  seal said when lou sulola was born , it was `` endless love at first sight . .
 how isis makes its millions <sec> isis makes around $ 1 million a day , sources say .  oil smuggling is n't the only way it generates revenue .  experts : isis is like organized crime , with deep roots and no law enforcement .  u.s.-led airstrikes are aimed at cutting off the group 's fundin .
 germanwings flight 9525 co-pilot suicidal at one time <sec> european pilots must fill out forms that ask about mental and physical illnesses .  road to crash site is almost finished , says mayor of le vernet , france .  german newspaper bild releases a timeline of the flight 's final moment .
 ted kennedy memorialized by family , friends <sec> joseph kennedy : `` he had such a big heart , and he shared that heart with all of us '' .  family celebrates senator 's life with `` music , laughter and stories '' .  sen. chris dodd sums up kennedy with , `` people liked him '' .  gop sen. orrin hatch says he grew to love `` the man i came to fight .
 jason day loses eight relatives to typhoon haiyan <sec> golfer jason day lost eight relatives during typhoon haiyan .  day reportedly lost his grandmother , his uncle and six cousins during the typhoon .  the australian 's mother emigrated from the philippines over 30 years ago .  authorities say typhoon has so far claimed 3,976 live .
 cnn student news transcript : june 3 , 2010 <sec> examine the events that led japan 's prime minister to resign .  learn how a tropical storm caused a 100-foot hole in the earth .  consider a mars mission that never intends to get off the ground .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 soccer lawmakers urged to review headscarf ban <sec> acting head of asian football demands fifa law-making body review headscarf ban .  zhang jilong says new designs now available which ensure safety of a player .  meeting of ifab scheduled to take place in london in early marc .
 divers find plane , 8th body in hudson river <sec> body found monday in submerged wreckage of plane .  eight bodies now located after weekend plane-helicopter collision ; one missing .  wife of italian victim skipped helicopter flight to go shopping , son tells italian media .  helicopter wreckage recovered sunda .
 'bluebird ' : a boy , a bird and bullies <sec> `` bluebird '' is writer and illustrator bob staake 's new wordless children 's book .  the book follows a lonely boy and his bluebird friend , even as bullies threaten them .  staake : `` kids are far more intelligent than we give them credit for .
 u.s. eagles flying home from rugby world cup after italy defeat <sec> u.s. eliminated from the rugby world cup after tuesday 's defeat to italy .  the eagles lose 27-10 in their fourth and final pool c match , having won once .  italy now need a bonus-point win over ireland to reach the last eight .  japan and canada share only the third draw in the world cup 's 24-year histor .
 report : 12 killed in rioting in xinjiang , china <sec> china 's xinhua news agency reports 12 killed in rioting near kashgar .  the report says 10 were killed in the disturbance and police shot dead another two .  beijing has blamed militants of uighur descent for outbreaks of violence in xinjiang in recent years .  uighurs are ethnic turks distinct from china 's majority han populatio .
 alan jackson 's daughter arrested , charged with assault <sec> alan jackson 's daughter was arrested during a traffic stop in nashville wednesday .  she was charged with assault , underage consumption of alcohol and resisting arrest .  the 20-year-old is next due in court on september 23 .  alan jackson 's team has no commen .
 sexed up and smart : women debate marissa mayer 's vogue photo <sec> marissa mayer appears in september issue of vogue magazine .  some women say the vogue shoot was inappropriate for a female ceo .  other women cite a double standard for how female and male ceos are showcased .  mayer 's vogue shoot marks her first public presentation as yahoo ! .  ce .
 u.s. strikes khorasan group in syria <sec> official : khorasan plot involving concealed bombs on airplanes `` was just one option '' .  the threat from the khorasan group was not imminent , a u.s. official says .  one feared operative is muhsin al fadhli , a kuwaiti with a disturbing resume .  a source says al fadhli and khorasan are taking cues from the recruiting success of isi .
 'half-blood prince ' finds potter crew closer to end <sec> `` harry potter and the half-blood prince '' comes out wednesday .  film is sixth in the series , has moments of humor amid growing darkness .  less back story for this one , director says : fans can `` go back to dvds '' and book .
 'honey boo boo 's ' mama june admits relationship with another sex offender <sec> mama june tells `` entertainment tonight '' that she has seen mark mcdaniel only twice .  she said two of her daughters were fathered by another sex offender .  the reality star said she has `` nothing to hide .
 why does haiti suffer so much ? <sec> haiti has endured extraordinary suffering , elizabeth mcalister says .  she says the nation 's different faiths view the suffering differently .  some view the earthquake as a sign of the apocalypse , she says .  social scientists offer answers based on history , racism , environmental degradatio .
 obama , romney : ignore afghanistan war at your own peril <sec> many in kabul fear the afghanistan war is no longer a u.s. priority .  afghans are concerned with romney and obama 's stance on pakistan .  mashal : hamid karzai feels the obama administration has tried to undermine hi .
 white house : no holder replacement until after midterms <sec> white house says nomination process will start after midterms .  senate dems urged white house to wait .  process to replace him will be rancorous , many sa .
 police in india probe alleged rape of 7-year-old <sec> police in new delhi were probing an alleged rape of a 7-year-old girl in municipal school .  no arrests have been made in the case that sparked angry protests in the indian capital .  a footage showed the demonstrators throwing stones and police trying to take contro .
 dozens hurt as plane runs off end of runway at jamaican airport <sec> new : information minister : most of those injured have been released from hospital .  ninety-one people were taken to a hospital , no critical injuries .  airline : damage to fuselage , landing gear on one side of the plane collapsed .  jetliner from miami was carrying 145 passengers , seven crew member .
 3 pakistani police officers found guilty of sex exploitation of 14-year-old in haiti <sec> a court-martial was held by pakistani authorities in haiti .  the three police officers are to be imprisoned for a year in pakistan .  the united nations announces the court-martial result .
 passengers on diverted flight sue jetblue , pilot who became erratic <sec> capt . .  clayton osbon was subdued by passengers .  10 passengers have sued , saying jetblue should have known there was a problem .  he lawsuit alleges that osbon caused significant distress to the passenger .
 nigerian police : gubernatorial candidate assassinated <sec> candidate modu fannami gubio of the all nigeria people 's party is gunned down .  also killed were the governor 's brother and five plainclothes officers .  human rights watch says more than 200 people have been killed in the last mont .
 commentary : why would parents give up hope for their kids ? <sec> nebraska law allows children of any age to be left without penalty .  parents have been coming from out of state to dump children .  brown wonders what would lead a parent to abandon a child .  she says state and local social services need to be examine .
 doctor : promoter knew about michael jackson 's drug dependency <sec> katherine jackson 's testimony will be followed by defense from aeg live lawyers .  cnn obtained video clips from the deposition of a former jackson tour doctor .  `` i think we 're going to have a problem , '' dr. stuart finkelstein said he told paul gongaware .  aeg live exec gongaware denied finkelstein told him about jackson 's drug us .
 john king : to win , obama must make history again <sec> no incumbent has ever been re-elected with unemployment this high .  among obama 's advantages : incumbency , more room for error , demographics .  independents and conservative democrats in battleground states are key targets .  economic data make it hard to make case that americans are better off than four years ag .
 indian master chef gets fresh at 'world 's best restaurant ' <sec> celebrity indian chef sanjeev kapoor travels to copenhagen to create fusion of culinary styles .  kapoor teams up with danish chef rene redzepi , owner of two michelin starred `` noma '' .  kapoor is inspired by nordic emphasis on fresh , locally sourced food and simplicity of flavor .
 why women do n't get raises ( opinion ) <sec> writers : microsoft ceo satya nadella said women should wait for karma to get ahead .  nadella revealed ignorance , insensitivity to what women face , they say .  they say his comments show women must be proactive .  writers : women must challenge attitudes in companies that hold them bac .
 new ad : obama 'willfully blind to the threats we face ' <sec> john bolton 's super pac is making a sizable ad buy for the 2014 midterm elections .  the ad attacks president obama , accusing him of being weak .  bolton 's group wants national security to be a focus in 201 .
 croatia faces fresh euro 2012 racism probe <sec> croatian football federation in trouble over fan behavior for third time at euro 2012 .  uefa investigating `` display of racist banners and symbols '' during match against spain .  croatia was already fined on monday after fans racially abused italy 's mario balotelli .  croatian fa also punished after supporters let off flares during match against republic of irelan .
 wild west weather : filthy rain and mountain 'hurricane ' <sec> mysterious filthy rain in washington and oregon .  power outages in the san francisco bay area .  category 4 hurricane strength winds on a nevada mountai .
 mikhail khodorkovsky leaves russian prison after putin signs pardon <sec> u.s. secretary of state john kerry urges reforms in russian judicial system .  mikhail khodorkovsky thanks his family and supporters in statement .  president vladimir putin signed a decree pardoning khodorkovsky .  the former oil magnate and kremlin opponent had been in prison since 200 .
 opinion : philip seymour hoffman , one and only <sec> gene seymour : there was no other actor like philip seymour hoffman .  he did n't play a certain kind of role but had astonishing range , he says .  seymour says the actor made you wonder what he would have in store .  he says hoffman 's acting vividly sketched the lives of people who are besieged and unluck .
 turkish cops harass cnn reporter on air <sec> ivan watson was reporting live from istanbul for cnn when cops approached him .  they demanded to see his credentials and passport .  he was escorted in police custody .  watson was not arrested , and police apologized for the inciden .
 all i want for christmas is ... a flying robot <sec> could flying robots invade the market for presents this christmas ? .  toys 'r ' us names remote controlled flying toys as `` top gifts '' this year .  both novelty and high tech devices are becoming increasingly affordabl .
 parents vent over fake pot dangers <sec> emily bauer wound up in icu after she smoked synthetic marijuana , her family says .  bauer 's story received more than 7,000 comments , many from alarmed parents .  synthetic marijuana is an herbal mixture sprayed with chemicals .  bauer 's sister first shared the story with cnn irepor .
 rockefeller poser gets up to 5 years for kidnapping <sec> jury deliberated for 26½ hours over five days returning guilty verdicts .  eight women , four men on jury reject insanity defense .  man who said he was a rockefeller faces 15 years in prison .  ex-wife , sandra boss , testified for the prosecutio .
 same-sex marriage gets tacit victory from supreme court <sec> new : one step toward making gays equal , new spouse says .  couples go for marriage licenses , state officials order that licenses must be issued .  the supreme court rejected requests from five states to review bans .  those states ' bans likely to be lifted quickly ; order could also affect six more state .
 opinion : a final toast for the doolittle raiders <sec> bob greene : this week , the few remaining doolittle raiders will reunite .  in 1942 the 80 men bombed tokyo in death-defying mission , retaliation for pearl harbor .  a case of 80 goblets is brought to their annual reunions . .  when a raider dies a cup is upended .  this year , there are four left . .  they 'll toast the raiders with aged cognac , and end reunion .
 'best job ' winner says goodbye to island paradise <sec> ben southall talks to cnn about his job as caretaker of hamilton island in australia 's great barrier reef . .  34-year-old briton visiting neighboring islands daily and wrote daily blogs .  not all plain sailing for brit who was stung by deadly jellyfish before christma .
 nyc cabbie accused of dodging $ 28,000 in tolls <sec> da says driver rodolfo sanchez `` piggybacked '' through toll gates behind other cars .  he made 4,000 trips over bridges and through tunnels without paying , da says .  sanchez faces grand larceny and other charges , could get seven years in priso .
 florida inmate : two thumbs down and a lawsuit for jail 's movie reruns <sec> a florida jail inmate says watching the jail 's few movies over and over is `` torture '' .  jail officials say they do n't have cable tv for cost reasons , but they do have movies and dvds .  the inmate wants to take it to court .  he 's been at the jail nearly four years after filing 15 court motions delaying his tria .
 delivering my son : 'breathe , baby , breathe ! ' <sec> cnn 's josh levs delivered his son at home , just moments after his wife went into labor .  `` my heart started pounding even faster , and my adrenaline went from overdrive to supersonic '' .  `` to this day , i can still see and feel just about everything about that moment .
 kayahan , turkish songwriter and singer , dies at 66 <sec> kayahan wrote some of turkey 's best-loved pop songs .  the singer was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990 .  he most recently performed in february in istanbu .
 iraq 's yazidis trapped , hiding from isis <sec> about 40,000 yazidis are hiding in the mountains of northwest iraq .  the yazidis fled after isis fighters stormed the area they call home in iraq .  `` i do n't think we can ever go home , '' one survivor tells cnn 's ivan watson .  an estimated 100,000 christians have fled to irbil in recent day .
 lorenzo extends motogp lead with spanish success <sec> spanish motorcyclist jorge lorenzo wins on home soil to extend championship lead .  the 2010 world champion heads home compatriot dani pedrosa in sunday 's race .  last year 's winner casey stoner loses ground in standings after finishing fourth .  seven-time world champion valentino rossi is back in seventh for ducat .
 golfing greats join family for ballesteros funeral <sec> the funeral was held in ballesteros ' hometown church .  the golfing legend won a record 50 tournaments on the european tour .  he was diagnosed with a brain tumor in 200 .
 mcilroy - i will get over masters heartache <sec> rory mcilory has spoken about his final round heartbreak at the masters .  the 21-year-old wasted a four-stroke lead to finish 10 shots behind charl schwartzel .  the northern irishman also quoted boxer muhammad ali on his twitter pag .
 playstation network hack : who did it ? <sec> personal information on 77 million playstation network users was exposed recently .  here 's the run-down of who might have done it .  a for-profit cyber-thief probably did the jo .
 schwartzel and oosthuizen shrug off augusta hangover in malaysia <sec> charl schwartzel leads malaysian open with first round eight-under 64 .  fellow south african louis oosthuizen shoots 66 after augusta heroics .  pair had 30-hour journey from georgia to kuala lumpur .  no.1 luke donald cards four-over 75 in opening round of the heritag .
 gop , support obama on taxing the wealthy <sec> new study indicates that by 2016 , the world 's wealthiest 1 % will control more than 50 % of the world 's wealth .  president obama is right in his sotu address to address the widening inequality and to propose taxes on the rich .  republicans need to recognize that they ca n't just be the party of the 1 % and support obama 's modest proposal .
 missing woman found alive in kentucky ; alleged captor at large <sec> brittney kustes was last seen july 17 .  she was driven to a drop-off point friday night .  her mother says her daughter was `` mentally tortured '' during her disappearance .  police are searching for a registered sex offender believed to have been with he .
 @ hiddencash twitter scavenger hunt leads to new york city <sec> a california real estate investor leaves money hidden in public spaces .  clues on where to find the money are posted on his twitter page called `` hidden cash '' .  the hope is to start a pay-it-forward movement that will move overseas next mont .
 greek f-16 crashes in spain during nato exercise <sec> 11 people died and 20 others were injured , according to the spanish defense ministry .  a greek air force f-16 jet has crashed in spain during a nato training exercise , a spanish official say .
 somalia bombing : 10 killed at restaurant <sec> islamist militant group al-shabaab claims responsibility for the attack .  the explosion happened across the street from a hotel that was attacked two months ago .  mogadishu has been the site of frequent attacks by al-shabaa .
 keira knightley secretly joined and quit twitter , all in 12 hours <sec> the actress says she joined twitter using a fake name .  knightley then promptly quit the social media site .  she says she likes `` being private .
 more than 1,000 u.s. troops killed in afghanistan <sec> death toll at 1,001 after explosion in southern afghanistan .  but fatalities have come slower than in iraq war .  coalition forces working to secure helmand province .  new offensive will target taliban fighters in kandaha .
