 u.s. student killed in egypt was enthralled with region <sec> new : egypt state media say he was filming the protests .  relatives : andrew pochter was watching protests in alexandria when he was stabbed .  the 21-year-old went to egypt this year after spending time in morocco .  family : he planned to live in the middle east `` in the pursuit of peace and understanding .
 rebels call for protests as u.s. , france and uk offer vision for libya <sec> u.s. , french and uk leaders write op-ed piece .  rebels show more discipline , cohesion in ajdabiya .  misrata and other cities have been under siege for weeks .  emir says `` it 's possible '' rebels have received qatari weapon .
 'the wire ' star still killing the game <sec> michael kenneth williams is stepping behind the camera as producer of a new film .  he is best known for his iconic portrayal of omar little on `` the wire '' .  his new project , `` snow on tha bluff , '' is `` 'the blair witch project ' meets the hood '' .  williams will next appear as rapper ol ' dirty bastard in a forthcoming fil .
 fa cup success primes chelsea for champions league final <sec> chelsea win english fa cup for the seventh time , beating liverpool 2-1 in saturday 's final .  ramires and didier drogba score in each half before andy carroll reduces the deficit .  substitute carroll goes close to equalizer as his header is cleared from under the bar .  victory boosts chelsea ahead of uefa champions league final in munich on may 1 .
 suspect in transgender killing turns himself in <sec> marquise l. foster turns himself in without incident .  a second man remains at large .  the two are suspects in the killing of a transgender woma .
 country-singing senate hopeful rocks south dakota <sec> rick weiland is the democratic hopeful in south dakota 's senate race . .  he rewrites popular songs for his campaign videos , including `` wagon wheel . '' .  weiland is one of four senate hopefuls in the race . .  he 's got another video on the way before the nov. 4 election .
 after many delays , nasa launches rocket <sec> new : `` one of the most beautiful rocket launches i 've ever seen , '' says launch director .  ares l-x rocket heads into space at 11:30 a.m . .  et .  weather delayed launch tuesday at kennedy space center .  eventual goal with ares i-x program is return to the moo .
 olajumoke adenowo : nigeria 's star architect on success <sec> olajumoke adenowo is one of nigeria 's leading architects .  at 23 , she had designed her first building -- federal ministry of lands in abuja .  here she tells cnn how she made it , why she mentors and her biggest dream .
 possible contamination at va facilities sparks call for inquiry <sec> contaminated colonoscopy gear may have exposed florida veterans to hepatitis , hiv .  florida lawmakers seek inquiry , raise concerns about other facilities .  va sent letters to people who may have had colonoscopies may 2004 to this month .  officials say tubing was rinsed but not disinfected , call risk of infection minima .
 man arrested after portrait of queen defaced at westminster abbey <sec> a 41-year-old man is arrested on suspicion of causing criminal damage , police say .  a portrait of queen elizabeth ii at westminster abbey was defaced with paint .  the portrait , by ralph heimans , is being taken down until the damage can be remedied .  the abbey has been the site of the coronation of english kings and queens since 106 .
 at houston funeral , stories of faith , courage and love <sec> houston 's iconic recording of `` i will always love you '' is played as her coffin is removed .  funeral program includes a letter from cissy houston to her daughter .  cissy houston : `` your work is done '' .  bishop t.d . .  jakes speaks of victory over deat .
 new york man arrested on terrorism charges <sec> marcos alonso zea , known as `` ali zea , '' is arrested at his brentwood home .  he 's accused of murder conspiracy , trying to support terrorists , obstruction of justice .  justice department says he tried to go to yemen to join al qaeda .  zea is set to be arraigned friday afternoo .
 zakaria : israel is making a big mistake <sec> u.s.-israel relations are at a low ebb over jerusalem settlements issue .  fareed zakaria says obama administration is frustrated with netanyahu government .  he says israel should show it is serious when it says countering iran is its highest priority .  zakaria : progress with palestinians would facilitate alliance with moderate arab .
 aide facing charges in madoff scam surrenders in florida <sec> bernard madoff 's former aide annette bongiorno surrendered to authorities in florida .  judge laura taylor swain revoked bail over concerns that she is a flight risk .  madoff was arrested for swindling investors in the largest ponzi scheme in u.s. histor .
 by the numbers : women voters <sec> 65.7 % - the percentage of eligible female voters who voted in the 2008 election . .  61.5 % - the percentage of eligible male voters who voted in the 2008 election . .  70.4 million -- the number of women who cast ballots in the 2008 presidential election , versus 60.7 million men . .  56 % - the percentage of female voters who voted for barack obama in 2008 , versus 43 % for john mccain .
 navy ships collide a day before arrival in san diego <sec> no injuries reported as two navy ships collide about 120 miles off the california coast .  amphibious assault ship uss essex and refueling vessel usns yukon are involved .  a steering malfunction occurred aboard uss essex , the navy say .
 hip-hop world mourns a $ ap yams , dead at 26 <sec> a $ ap yams , whose real name is steven rodriguez , dies at 26 .  `` r.i.p bro . .  we all love and miss you , '' says a $ ap ferg , one of the stars from a $ ap mob .  other hip-hop figures , including drake and azealia banks , pay tribut .
 nfl 'bounty ' system stemmed from fans ' lust for violence <sec> don mcpherson says in his early career , payouts for `` big hits '' were common .  he says the amount is far less , and no individual players were targeted .  he says as a player , he did n't think of the game 's violence ; fans and players expect it .  mcpherson : if fans are appalled by `` bounty system , '' they should lower their lust for violenc .
 gulf coast beaches update <sec> health officials have issued an advisory against swimming in alabama gulf waters .  visitors advised not to swim in waters from florida-alabama line to perdido key .  pensacola beach , florida , waters open for swimming and fishin .
 leon panetta is n't at fault , it 's the white house <sec> david gergen : obama allies focused on whether panetta should have written book so soon .  he says washington insiders have been telling tales on administrations since nixon .  the real problem is a swollen and all-controlling white house staff , he says .  gergen : experienced leaders like panetta need to be given scope for decision makin .
 feds : seven convicted of global child porn trafficking <sec> jurors convict seven people of multiple child pornography charges .  australian constable infiltrated porn ring , testified .  members shared `` illegal images and videos '' of preteens engaged in sex acts .  the seven will be sentenced in apri .
 real madrid end year with fantastic fourth title in club world cup <sec> real madrid capture fourth title of 2014 as they triumph in the club world cup final .  south america champions san lorenzo faced real madrid in morocco showdown .  but real roll out 2-0 winners over the club from argentina .  sergio ramos and gareth bale score a goal in each half to seal the wi .
 opinion : will gay rights infringe on religious liberty ? <sec> marc stern : the debate over same-sex marriage has a strong religious component .  stern : government should not further one religious view over another on gay marriage .  he gives an example -- must religious colleges provide housing to same-sex couples ? .  stern : a key question is whether recognizing gay marriage infringes upon religious libert .
 aid workers freed in somalia after nearly two years <sec> kidnappers seized them in july 2012 in puntland , somalia .  the three hostages were released thursday .  they were later transported to a safe locatio .
 bhutto vows return of democracy <sec> `` emotionally overwhelmed '' bhutto greeted by thousands on return to pakistan .  calls for return to democracy to repair pakistan 's image as terrorist haven .  bhutto heading for tomb of pakistan 's founder , expected to address crowds .  reception , said to be one of pakistan 's biggest , comes amid threats to bhutt .
 make the most of manila 's chaotic charm <sec> manila 's crazy , chaotic charm is a world away from shiny cities like singapore .  intramuros , the old walled city , retains its charm despite being bombed in the war .  see 605 pairs of imelda marcos ' shoes at marikina shoe museum .  head to the bars and boutiques of cubao expo , one of the city 's hippest spot .
 faa oks first commercial drone flights over land -- in alaska <sec> the 4½-foot-long aircraft aims to survey equipment and roads at prudhoe bay , alaska , oilfield .  the drone 's flight was the first such commercial flight approved over land .  last summer , the faa authorized drone flights over arctic waters .  the faa is seeking to safely integrate drones into national airspac .
 commentary : barack obama , icy cool under fire <sec> ruben navarrette : mccain tried to get under obama 's skin with attacks .  obama remained cool and wound up ending strongly in the debate , he says .  navarrette says ayers attacks backfired even though issue is legitimate .  america may need the cool-headedness of barack obama , he say .
 for the love of lightening up <sec> having trouble tossing something with sentimental value ? .  you 're not alone .  professional organizers suggest re-homing objects or analyzing why you 've kept them .  try setting physical parameters , like one box of your child 's artwork per year .  unclutterer.com editor : `` you no longer feel like your stuff is hanging over you .
 texas teen was trying to turn life around when he disappeared <sec> teen had used drugs , spent time in detention center , his mom says .  but he `` wanted to get better '' before disappearing in 1988 , she says .  san antonio , texas , police look at case once a year , but have no good lead .
 china 's piano-playing phenomenon lang lang on revealed <sec> chinese child prodigy lang lang started playing piano at the age of three .  he has performed at the beijing games and china 's 60th anniversary .  watch lang lang collaborate with jazz legend herbie hancoc .
 texting and flying : the rules for pilots <sec> texting factored into deadly medivac helicopter crash .  faa considering tougher rules on personal electronic devices in the cockpit .  some personal use is permitted above 10,000 feet .  critics say faa takes too long to change policie .
 van der sloot attorney quits <sec> new : joran van der sloot 's attorney resigns .  new : van der sloot being held in high-security area of prison .  new transcripts detail graphic moments in murder case .  suspect tells why alleged murder took plac .
 warnock : on mlk day , helping the unemployed is a moral issue <sec> the rev . .  raphael warnock says restoring unemployment aid is the right thing to do .  he calls on congress to find its moral compass .  warnock wants black churches to reclaim their mission of engaging in social justice issue .
 police : suspect in uva student 's death had previous arrest <sec> george huguely , 22 , arrested in death of yeardley love ; both played lacrosse at uva .  huguely previously arrested in 2008 incident in which he threatened a police officer .  officer from 2008 incident said she was forced to use stun gun on huguely .  court records show huguely pleaded guilty to resisting arrest , public intoxicatio .
 weibo 's core users number 10 million <sec> independent research shows 10 million weibo users generate nearly all the original content .  weibo will launch ipo putting the company at a value of $ 3.9 billion .  researcher says weibo 's definition of `` active use '' is debatable .  weibo says its own data is more accurate and refutes the hong kong research claim .
 sean kingston walks a week after watercraft crash , publicist says <sec> sean kington 's condition is upgraded to serious , his publicist says .  the singer walked monday for the first time since the accident .  kingston and a woman were injured in a watercraft crash on may 29 in miam .
 mediterranean diet can stave off need for diabetes drugs <sec> eating mediterranean diet , people lost more weight and needed less medication .  44 percent needed diabetes medication , compared to 70 percent on low-fat diet .  mediterranean diets are rich in fish , fruits , nuts , and olive oi .
 nbc orders second season of 'the blacklist ' <sec> `` the blacklist '' has been picked up for a second season .  the series has been a successful one for nbc .  the blacklist is nbc 's most-watched new drama eight weeks into its ru .
 your phone will know you 're sick before you do <sec> smartphones will soon be able to deliver diagnosis and suggest cures even before we know we 're ill , says mark curtis .  `` body hacking '' tools , such as wearable bands that monitor physical activity , will help improve our health awareness , curtis says .  medical monitoring technology will open new area of debate over privacy and the cost of health care insuranc .
 tony stewart : why charges are unlikely ( opinion ) <sec> nascar driver tony stewart 's car hit and killed driver kevin ward jr. during race .  paul callan : sheriff likely to look at stewart 's bad boy image and amateur video of crash .  callan : still , sheriff says , no evidence of criminal intent on stewart 's part .  callan : ward recklessly walked onto track ; stewart had right to think that would not happe .
 german finance minister : 'i do n't see ' any further eurozone bailouts <sec> german finance minister : 'i do n't see ' any further eurozone bailouts .  greece , portugal , ireland and cyprus remain dependent on eu/imf bailout funds .  comments come ahead of september 22 elections for chancellor angela merkel .  the 17-nation eurozone recently emerged from its longest ever recessio .
 as climate warms , arctic spawns massive ice islands <sec> greenland 's glaciers and canada 's ice shelves are diminishing fast , scientists say .  giant ice islands are breaking off , sometimes floating into shipping lanes .  yet the number of icebergs surviving south of the 48th parallel has declined .  scientists are just beginning to research the rate at which ice islands melt and divid .
 sam smith debuts new look after weight loss <sec> the grammy-winning singer shed the weight quickly .  he thanked the author of a book on healthy livin .
 feds hope to speed tracking of tainted meat , poultry <sec> usda announces a new tracing method for contaminated meat , poultry .  the goal is to eliminate an outbreak rather than try to contain it .  meat and poultry processors , farmers , retailers have new recall regulation .
 chelsea 's new shirt deal worth ' $ 62m annually ' <sec> chelsea sign shirt sponsorship deal with yokohama rubber company ltd .  the five-year deal is reportedly worth $ 62 million a year .  `` chelsea and yokohama are a perfect fit '' said chelsea chairman bruce buc .
 still in the dark , frustration mounts in new york neighborhood <sec> many on new york 's rockaway peninsula are still without power and running water .  one man is sleeping in his running car to stay warm and ward off looters .  some say the most frustrating thing is not knowing when power will come back o .
 sharapova makes winning return in warsaw <sec> russian maria sharapova returns with win after near 10-month injury absence .  she defeated italy 's tathiana garbin 6-1 6-7 6-3 in warsaw open first round .  sharapova hopes to prove fitness for french open which starts this sunda .
 bombs shake iraq before muslim holiday <sec> new : third vehicle bomb in baghdad adds to thursday death toll .  at least six killed , dozens injured , as bombs explode in baghdad , smaller towns .  two bombs went off in busy marketplace ; children among the injured .  markets in iraq are packed as people prepare for eid al-adha holiday on monda .
 suspects in india tourist gang-rape case appear in court <sec> police say the six suspects have appeared in court .  protesters say state authorities have n't done enough .  four men are suspected of raping and robbing a swiss woman , police say .  the woman and her husband are recovering at the swiss embassy in new delh .
 deliberations continue in catholic child abuse cover-up case <sec> william lynn is the highest-ranking cleric to be charged with child endangerment .  if convicted , he faces up to 21 years in prison .  also on trial is the rev . .  james brennan , who is accused of the attempted rape of a 14-year-ol .
 gordon stoker , jordanaires singer who sang on elvis hits , dead at 88 <sec> gordon stoker sang on many elvis presley hits with the jordanaires .  group was known for backing vocals on many artists ' records .  the jordanaires sang on `` hound dog , '' `` crazy , '' `` he stopped loving her today .
 cruyff slams 'anti-football ' of beaten dutch side <sec> dutch legend johan cruyff critical of their robust approach in world cup final .  cruyff accuses them of adopting `` anti-football '' football tactics in 1-0 loss to spain .  former barcelona coach cruyff rebukes `` ugly , vulgar '' approach of dutch tea .
 what scares 'walking dead ' star steven yeun <sec> steven yeun portrays fan favorite glenn on `` the walking dead '' .  the hit amc series just began its third season .  yeun promises even more gruesome scenes this seaso .
 how blackwater and other horrors are used by isis <sec> isis is using past western transgressions in iraq to justify its brutality .  lack of accountability following 2003 invasion paved way for abuse -- and for sectarian tension .
 beckham shows he can still cut it <sec> david beckham plays 86 minutes on full debut for paris saint-germain .  atletico madrid into copa del rey final .  bayern munich defeats borussia dortmund for first time in three years .  uefa dismisses schalke protest over drogba eligibilit .
 olympics day 13 : bolt gets his double-double ; u.s. women get revenge <sec> usain bolt captures first olympic sprint double-double .  team usa wins women 's football gold to avenge world cup loss .  u.s. women 's basketball , volleyball teams advances to gold medal matches .  team gb 's flyweight nicola adams takes the first ever women 's olympic boxing gold meda .
 leader sentenced to 4 years in celebrity home burglary 'bling ring ' <sec> ringleader rachel lee , 21 , is sentenced for burglarizing the home of a reality tv star .  a judge dismisses three other charges against her .  four other defendants have been charged in a ring that allegedly took $ 3 million in goods .  celebrity victims include lindsay lohan , paris hilton , orlando bloom , megan fo .
 crimea : echoes of history on the road to yalta <sec> 70 years after `` big three '' debates future of europe at yalta , crimea is again at heart of argument .  arguments over sovereignty , self-determination and influence are suddenly electric again .  many ukrainians think putin wants to expand russia to the old borders of the soviet union .  putin -- buoyed by rocketing approval ratings at home -- seems unmoved by u.s. threat .
 robin thicke and paula patton 'mutually ' decide to split <sec> thicke and patton 's son julian fuego turns 4 in april .  `` we will always love each other and be best friends , '' their statement says .  their reps gave no additional details , such as if a divorce filing is in the work .
 opinion : why vermont is not godless <sec> jay parini : gallup poll finds vermont least religious state . .  mississippi is most religious .  he says in south , religion all over radio , road signs , towns ; in vermont fewer go to church .  but vermont ranks high on environment , health care . .  mississippi ranks at bottom .  parini : vermonters spiritual seekers , god-hungry : neighbor-helpers more than churchgoer .
 dreamers are pushing their luck <sec> ruben navarrette : dreamers behaving as entitled brats ruining immigration bids for others .  he says one dreamer group has national platform demanding citizenship , health care , college .  he says they 're self-absorbed while hardworking immigrants who brought them here wait .  navarrette : they are drunk on entitlement and it 's getting old ; they should tread more lightl .
 obama 's cell phone records breached <sec> new : internal verizon e-mail says no e-mail accessible on phone .  obama spokesman says verizon wireless employee accessed billing records .  spokesman says the phone is old and obama no longer uses it .  no indication any calls were monitored or voicemails improperly accesse .
 filipino prisoners honor jackson with 'thriller ' show <sec> their 2007 rendition of `` thriller '' has attracted 24 million views on youtube .  prison supervisor byron garcia first uploaded it to the video-sharing site .  dancing introduced to prison as a means of rehabilitatio .
