 film captures firsthand look at violence , intensity of uk student protests <sec> vbs goes inside 2010 's student protests in london .  reporters `` kettled '' with thousands of young protesters for hours at a time .  film looks at significance of riots and `` strange '' mix of players involve .
 georgia prisoner executed <sec> new : andrew grant deyoung is executed by lethal injection .  he was convicted of killing his parents and sister .  at the defense 's request , a lower court allows for a videotaping of the executio .
 leno , fallon get ready for 'tonight show ' hand-off <sec> jay leno is preparing to pass the `` tonight show '' torch to jimmy fallon .  fallon will be a guest on `` tonight '' february 3 .  that will launch leno 's farewell week .  leno 's last night on `` tonight '' will be february .
 6 children killed in florida domestic shooting <sec> new : mother of six children shot and killed inside residence was sarah spirit .  shooter calls 911 , then shoots self after a deputy arrives .  sheriff identifies killer as 51-year-old don spirit .  don spirit had spent time in prison , was released in 200 .
 hagel seeks changes to military legal process <sec> defense secretary wants to curb commanders ' judicial power .  initiative arises from pilot 's overturned sexual assault conviction .  air force commander threw out verdict , restored defendan .
 father henry , a secret father <sec> nathan halbach 's father is the priest who baptized him , henry willenborg .  nathan 's mother made a confidential agreement with the church to keep willenborg 's identity secret .  his mother went public about the secret agreement after he contracted cance .
 opinion : gop is misguided and obsessed <sec> rep. steve israel rattles off a list of gop failures , neglected issues and missed opportunities .  israel : party showed they were n't on the side of the american people .  israel : their wrong priorities will come back to haunt them in novembe .
 coast guard calls off search for missing haitians <sec> u.s. coast guard has called off its search for as many as 79 haitians .  vessel overturned monday near turks and caicos islands with about 200 onboard .  overcrowded vessel thought to have set sail from the haitian port of cap haitie .
 business or pleasure ? luxury hotels offer day-only rooms <sec> top hotels such as the beaufort in london have started offering rooms for a few hours .  day rooms not just for illicit trysts .  business travelers preparing for meetings drive demand for `` day rates .
 ben carson offers isis as example for us - cnnpolitics.com <sec> ben carson held up isis as an example for the u.s. during his rnc speech on thursday .  the retired neurosurgeon is contemplating a presidential bid .  his controversial comments have won him fans and detractors in the pas .
 australia : pilot saves 5 after ditching plane in sea <sec> australian pilot lands a company plane in the ocean off darwin .  he and five passengers escape injury after emergency landing .  australian media dubbed pilot `` sully lite , '' comparing him to u.s. her .
 unofficial results : egyptians approve new constitution <sec> the muslim brotherhood says 64 % of the vote was in favor .  the semi-official al-ahram newspaper has a similar result .  the official results are not expected until later sunday .  saturday was the second round of votin .
 how to find your purpose -- and live it <sec> leadership expert keith yamashita says finding your purpose brings into focus what matters most .  when you apply that to your career it shapes your choices and helps you separate interesting from crucial .  yamashita lays out a series of questions to help you find your purpose -- and live it .  yamashita has worked with apple , nike , ebay and facebook on similar issue .
 congress honors girls killed in 1963 church bombing - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the girls receive congressional gold medals posthumously .  they were killed 50 years ago in birmingham , alabama .  alabama congresswoman : `` justice delayed but not denied .
 the truth behind paul 's winning streak <sec> experts say paul the octopus has simply learned to recognize the german flag .  octopi are highly intelligent and can recognize shapes , patterns and even people .  the creatures have keen eyesight but are colorblin .
 it 's s.c. , so bring your 'big boy pants ' <sec> hollis felkel : south carolina primary winner historically ends up with gop presidential nod .  he says gop there dominated by christian conservatives , but engaged on diverse issues .  he says right-to-work , immigration , tax and defense issues matter , but mostly jobs .  felkel : regions of state may differ on candidates , but gop united on wanting to beat obam .
 from miserable man to 'ultraman ' : a fitness journey <sec> rich roll : approaching 40 , `` i was in the worst shape of my life '' .  two years later , he was the most fit he 'd ever been .  this year , men 's fitness named roll one of the `` 25 fittest guys in the world '' .  to become fit , set a specific goal , be consistent and take it one day at a time , he say .
 irish abuse victims 'disgusted ' at vatican letter <sec> victims will grill a cardinal representing the pope on friday , they say .  a 1997 letter warns bishops to follow canonical law .  victims groups say it is a smoking gun proving a systematic cover-up .  irish bishops have had mandatory reporting rules since 1996 , their spokesman say .
 opinion : there are tradeoffs to obamacare <sec> lower-cost insurance could come at the cost of fewer choices of health care providers .  aaron carroll : insurance companies have been doing this for years to keep costs down .  he says just as there 's no policy that is perfect , there are tradeoffs to obamacare .  carroll : one way to fix this is to have a public option , which might have a larger networ .
 why is unity so important to europe ? <sec> the european union was designed to reduce risk of war in europe .  eurozone crisis is posing a serious threat to european unity .  there are concerns greece 's financial crisis may force it to abandon eur .
 born in male body , jenny knew early that she was a girl <sec> estimate : 0.25 to 0.5 percent of the american population is transgendered .  doctors speculate that there is a biological foundation to gender identity .  people rarely undergo gender-reassignment surgery and then want to reverse i .
 trayvon martin did not die in vain <sec> roland martin : trayvon martin 's death still resonates among many a year after his death .  martin : florida and other states have been prompted to revisit stand your ground laws .  he says trayvon 's death also awakened the inner fighting spirit of young people and blacks .  martin : collective protests for trayvon have made a difference and raised awarenes .
 kerry postpones mideast trip to give egyptian mediation efforts a chance <sec> on monday , egypt called for a cease-fire to stop the bloodshed , protect the innocent .  kerry was to travel to egypt and qatar in the coming days .  his goal was to set groundwork for a possible cease-fire .  an official says the u.s. wants to give egypt a change to reassert itself in the mideas .
 three arrested in atlanta subway mugging <sec> the suspects are 16 , 19 , and 20 .  police have warrants for at least two others , ages 19 and 14 .  the attack happened april 16 .  two delta employees were beaten and one was mugge .
 tsa : officer reassigned after newark security breach <sec> security breach sunday evening forces closure of terminal c for hours .  officer posted in area that was breached has been reassigned .  man improperly skirted security screening ; he was never foun .
 bernstein first met 'deep throat ' this year <sec> watergate reporter bernstein knew who mark felt was ; only woodward contacted him .  important source for scandal story died thursday at age 95 .  bernstein : felt `` performed a great act of courage and national service .
 opinion : mh17 disaster foretells a more dangerous world <sec> authors : malaysia airlines flight 17 disaster may be sign of more instability and danger ahead .  they say nonstate groups can get access to lethal weaponry and inflict serious damage .  rules of deterrence that inhibit state leaders from risky behavior may not apply , they say .  authors : it may be harder to trace incidents of terror and violence back to their sourc .
 lindsay lohan scheduled to go to jail tuesday <sec> judge has imposed tight restrictions on tuesday 's hearing .  lohan is sentenced to 90 days in jail .  lohan is expected to be taken in custody tuesda .
 opinion : why we need to scale back the army <sec> secretary of defense chuck hagel announced significant cuts to the u.s. army .  michael desch : defense department , military ca n't be exempt from budget cuts .  desch : personnel costs are huge ; army has most members so will bear the brunt .  he says drone attacks , special op warfare are the future , not `` boots on the ground .
 opinion : what rick perry 's 'army ' will do on the border <sec> ruben navarrette : texas governor orders national guard troops to the border .  he says they wo n't be apprehending border crossers but will be in a support role .  bush used national guard twice in his presidency to help deal with border issues .  navarrette : the scene on the border is n't an invasion , but desperate people seeking hel .
 jordan 's king dismisses prime minister and cabinet <sec> new : jordan 's king calls for new government , reforms .  new prime minister is jordanian jurist , diplomat .  jordan 's king dismisses cabinent and prime minister .  king abdullah ii appointed the now ousted cabinet in february amid protest .
 afghanistan plane crash kills 7 americans <sec> new : the victims are identified .  national airlines : all 7 were crew members ; there were no passengers .  the taliban claim responsibility , but the claim ca n't be verified immediately .  the flight was en route from bagram air base in afghanistan to duba .
 small u.s. town watches case of accused irish priest <sec> francis markey awaits extradition on charge he raped a boy 40 years ago .  ex-parishioner in minnesota says markey hugged and kissed him .  markey was sent from minnesota for treatment when parents showed concer .
 new peace hopes as kashmir trade route opens <sec> trade route between the two sides the first in six decades .  a heavy military presence occupies strip of land known as the line of control .  kashmir a source of bitter dispute between india and pakistan since 1947 .  trade meant to bolster a 2004 peace accord between the south asian rival .
 man loses hands in explosion in boston apartment <sec> new : scene is now safe , boston police say .  four other people are treated for injuries , police say .  a man said he was experimenting with chemicals , an official tells a newspaper .  firefighters put out a fire in a basement apartmen .
 marijuana legalization : worth pursuing ? readers debate future of pot laws <sec> marijuana legalization , passed in colorado and washington , has lots of readers debating pot use .  many readers support legalization , some unsure about enforcement .  what do you think ? .  share your thoughts in the comments below or post a video on cnn irepor .
 syrian opposition reports 'massacre ' in hama province <sec> 287 deaths mark the bloodiest day in the 16-month-old uprising , lcc says .  witnesses say tremseh was shelled for seven hours , then tanks entered the village .  many residents were shot when they fled their homes into the streets , activists sa .
 big city left with no bookstore <sec> laredo , texas , becomes one of the largest cities in u.s. without bookstore .  nearest bookstore is now 150 miles away in san antonio .  barnes & noble says closing was part of strategy to shutter mall bookstores .  some fear laredo will be dubbed an outpost for the illiterate without stor .
 kerry lands in austria for iran nuclear talks <sec> new : israeli prime minister says iran is obviously trying to build nuclear weapons .  kerry says u.s. and germany `` great friends '' amid spy flap .  top iranian official says his country does n't need to build nuclear weapons .  kerry says it 's vital to ensure `` iran is not going to develop a nuclear weapon .
 kidnapped captain told ransoms may go to boko haram <sec> capt . .  wren thomas was kidnapped from his ship off nigeria .  he was held in jungles and swamps while captors demanded ransom .  during debriefing , fbi said ransom could fund boko haram terror group , thomas say .
 fox orders 'the voice'-like celeb dating show 'the choice ' <sec> like `` the voice , '' `` the choice '' will feature celebrity judges seated in spinning chairs .  `` so you think you can dance 's '' cat deeley will host the fox dating show .  fox plans to air six one-hour episodes this summer , debuting the show on june .
 kenyans rally for 2 politicians accused of crimes against humanity <sec> uhuru kenyatta and william ruto have just returned from the hague .  they are among six people accused of crimes against humanity after the 2007 election .  more than a thousand people were killed after the disputed electio .
 favorites germany stunned by croatia <sec> croatia stun favorites germany 2-1 in their group b encounter in klagenfurt .  darijo srna and ivica olic both on target as croatia make it two wins from two .  lukas podolski pulls goal back for germany with his third strike in two game .
 why the paterno statue needs to stay <sec> penn state is considering the removal of its bronze joe paterno statue .  its removal would conflict with an important element of higher education , says jeff pearlman .  the statue needs to remain , because we need to talk about what happened , he says .  pearlman : why have sports have exceeded academics in importance at schools .
 kali hardig , brain-eating amoeba survivor , to begin school next week <sec> only two patients had been known to survive in the last half-century . .  `` i 've been in the hospital a long time , '' she says .  amoeba causes brain infection , nearly always fatal , according to the cdc .  parasite generally found in people who swim in warm fresh wate .
 cruisers ' choice : best cruise ships of 2015 <sec> mickey mouse 's cruise line dominates cruise awards .  disney 's dream and wonder ships take several trophies .  oceania riviera and carnival liberty also win bi .
 widow of man who freed exotic animals to survivors back friday <sec> two spotted leopards , two macaque monkeys and a brown bear will be returned to widow .  terry thompson set off scare when he released 50 wild animals from his farm .  after releasing tigers , lions and other animals , the ohio farmer shot himself .  state officials have no legal power to inspect cages where the five animals will be kep .
 hannah graham : search continues one month on <sec> city of charlottesville , virginia , takes charge of search for graham .  jesse matthew has been charged in her disappearance .  a source says there is a dna link to the case of another woman killed in 200 .
 debates aim to restart presidential campaigns <sec> republican john mccain and democrat barack obama are having three debates .  debates provide spontaneous moments and often provide revealing moments .  they give voters the chance to examine the candidates face-to-face and equal .  but winning the debate does not necessarily mean winning the white hous .
 federer : 'naive to think tennis is clean ' <sec> roger federer says it is `` naive '' to think tennis is clear of doping .  world no . .  2 calls for more testing and funding in the fight against banned substances .  17-time grand slam winner also suggests introducing biological passports .  federer beaten in semifinals in dubai as novak djokovic marches o .
 interpol issues wanted notice for escaped french gangster <sec> new : `` he wants to be known as the greatest gangster , '' escaped prisoner 's former editor says .  redoine faid is named in an interpol notice and an arrest warrant covering 26 nations .  authorities say he held hostages , blasted his way out of a prison in lille on saturday .  faid , known for armored truck attacks , spent years in priso .
 firing all the teachers was justified <sec> teachers were fired at a poorly performing rhode island high school .  ruben navarrette says teachers like to complain about the challenges they face .  he says reforming schools requires holding teachers accountable .  blaming poor performance on the students does n't accomplish anything , he say .
 the world 's facebook relationships visualized <sec> a facebook intern created a visualization of facebook connections around the globe .  using a sample of 10 million friend pairs , he correlated them with their current cities .  the u.s. has the highest concentration of facebook friendships while africa has the lowes .
 america 's latest indulgence ? bacon-wrapped pizza <sec> why not wrap your pizza crust in bacon ? .  little caesars is launching a new pie swaddled in the savory mea .
 pakistan condemns anti-polio volunteers ' killings <sec> the volunteers were killed sunday in khyber pakhtunkhwa .  vaccination programs have been targeted by islamic militants .  pakistan had 58 cases of polio in 2012 .  the cia used a fake vaccine program to verify bin laden 's locatio .
 i hired someone with asperger 's -- now what ? <sec> people with asperger 's bring unique strengths to their careers , dave wellman says .  there are `` unique opportunities and challenges '' presented by hiring `` aspies '' .  have a personal essay to share with the world ? .  submit at cnn irepor .
 opinion : what india can learn from china <sec> ravi agrawal : india 's business culture could profit from being more like china 's .  he says many in india hope winner of the election will introduce more efficiency .  while new leadership can focus on economy , it 's not so easy to reshape a nation , he says .  agrawal : for real change , the impetus has to come up from the bottom u .
 canada parliament shooting : how it unfolded <sec> sources : michael zehaf-bibeau was the suspected gunman .  prime minister stephen harper calls the gunman a `` terrorist '' .  cpl . .  nathan cirillo , a canadian soldier , was shot and kille .
 philippine figure skater competes , a first for southeast asia <sec> teenage from the philippines is first olympic figure skater from southeast asia .  michael christian martinez started skating at age 8 at public rink .  he has had just two months of full training because of financial factor .
 top saudi cleric : ok for young girls to wed <sec> grand mufti speaks out after judge refuses to annul marriage of man , 47 , to girl , 8 .  sheikh abdul aziz al-sheikh : `` shariah law has not brought injustice to women '' .  human rights commission fighting child marriage .
 40 years later , 'dungeons & dragons ' still inspiring gamers <sec> as `` dungeons & dragons '' turns 40 , it 's still inspiring gamers .  the 5th edition of d & d rules will be announced monday .  video games , movies , tv shows owe a debt to the classic game .  wizards of the coast says game will continue having digital component .
 israel defends jerusalem evictions <sec> israel incurs international criticism over eviction of palestinian families .  two jewish families moved in after evictions in east jerusalem .  israeli spokesman says dispute is a legal one between private partie .
 n.c. man no longer faces death after judge invokes 'racial justice act ' <sec> marcus robinson was sentenced to death after being convicted of murder in 1994 .  a judge calls race `` a significant factor '' in his death sentence and vacates it .  the racial justice act bars executions `` sought or obtained on the basis of race '' .  district attorneys blast actions against the death penalty `` masked as claims racism .
 taliban announce 'cease-fire ' in pakistani valley <sec> taliban spokesman muslim khan announces a 10-day cease-fire in swat valley .  taliban are holding talks with the north west frontier province 's government .  no immediate confirmation of the cease-fire from the pakistani governmen .
