 opinion : washington ( george ) got it right <sec> robert alexander : shenanigans in congress show wisdom of george washington .  washington argued that political parties would seek to perpetuate themselves at all costs .  tea party may share concern about debt , but its position endangers u.s. credit , he says .  alexander : most americans are in the middle , not sympathetic to ideologues of the two partie .
 sharapova in good form in wimbledon warm-up <sec> maria sharapova reaches last four of wta tournament in birmingham .  russian star sees off sesil karatantcheva of kazakhstan in straight sets .  she next faces alison riske of the usa who shocked third seed yanina wickmaye .
 syria announces presidential election as civil war rages on <sec> the election will take place on june 3 , syrian parliament speaker says .  it 's unclear whether the election will yield any major change in the country .  more than 100,000 people , including many civilians , have been killed in the civil war .  opposition activists report barrel bombs falling across syria on monda .
 white house 'puzzled ' by ex-spokesman 's book bashing bush <sec> new : `` this is not the scott we knew , '' white house spokeswoman says .  new : former colleague calls bush ex-aide 's book `` self-serving '' and `` disingenuous '' .  scott mcclellan 's coming book is harsh on president bush and his advisers .  book : bush `` confused the propaganda campaign '' with honest .
 u.s open : venus williams loses epic encounter <sec> two-time champion venus williams defeated in third round of u.s. open .  italian world no . .  13 sara errani wins epic encounter 6-0 0-6 7-6 .  qualifier mirjana lucic-baroni knocks out second seed simona halep .  the former croatian teenage star describes her shock victory as `` incredible .
 heart-rending choices in syrian warzone hospital <sec> children have become some of the main casualties during the syrian civil war .  every hour , medical staff face dilemmas on how to ensure patients can be saved .  doctor : regime soldiers with worst , perhaps unsurvivable , injuries are given lethal injections .  injured children are carried across front line to ensure better care in government hospital .
 how it will feel to wear google glass <sec> google has posted more information about how its glass product works .  google glass is a web-connected wearable headset that can shoot photos or video .  commanding the headset is as easy as uttering the words `` ok , glass '' .  google also launched a contest seeking creative uses for google glas .
 nasa finds 'significant ' water on moon <sec> nasa : discovery could allow for development of lunar space station .  information comes from satellite mission to moon last month .  spokesman : `` indeed , yes , we found water '' .  discovery `` opens a new chapter in our understanding of the moon , '' agency say .
 new york businesses file suit against ban on large sodas <sec> the board of health overstepped its authority in approving the ban , lawsuit says .  `` the regulation is arbitrary and capricious , '' the lawsuit says .  the ban on large sugary drinks was approved last mont .
 u.s. replaces color-coded terror alerts <sec> `` specific , credible threats '' will be outlined to the public , napolitano says .  the warnings will include detailed information and have an end date .  critics called the five-color system confusing and `` very useless .
 bin laden relatives want probe and proof of death <sec> new : lawmaker says osama bin laden 's death a chance to `` break the back '' of al qaeda .  author says family members of bin laden want some answers about the raid .  the new york times publishes a statement from bin laden 's sons .  sen. john kerry , d-massachusetts , is headed to pakistan , source say .
 lauren graham : i 've never led with my looks <sec> lauren graham does spinning classes and pilates .  graham eats soup as a way to lose a quick few pounds .  `` just keep moving , '' is graham 's favorite healthy-life advic .
 canker sore drug helps mice lose weight without diet , exercise <sec> study : obese mice given a canker sore drug lost weight without cutting calories , moving more .  doctors will begin testing the drug , amlexanox , in humans later this year .  if the drugs works , it could be like viagra , which originally was meant to treat chest pai .
 scandals of past may offer lessons for christie <sec> when faced with scandal , some politicians fare better than others .  but it might be more politically advantageous to fess up later , political observers say .  lies and especially cover-ups can tanks careers , they say .  new jersey gov . .  chris christie will be fine `` if he told the truth , '' expert say .
 young voters , do n't give up on obama <sec> jack schlossberg : young voters invested energy and hope in the 2008 obama campaign .  he says some are n't as enthusiastic after realizing political struggle is difficult .  schlossberg : president obama has delivered on health care , student loans , climate issues .  he says part of growing up is realizing that change does n't come without sustained effor .
 ice hockey 's david faces goliathan challenge <sec> great britain won olympic gold medal in ice hockey in 1936 .  gb has not qualified for the winter games since 1948 .  sport suffers from a lack of government backing and tv coverage .  david clarke has been a stalwart of gb team for over 10 year .
 coachella day 1 : outkast reunite , celebs rock out <sec> outkast headlined the opening night of the coachella music festival .  the hip-hop duo has n't performed together in eight years .  stars including selena gomez and joe jonas came out to see ellie gouldin .
 prison , persecution and football : how ukraine 's euro 2012 dream turned sour <sec> as euro 2012 approaches , co-hosts ukraine under fire over jailing of ex-pm .  yulia tymoshenko alleges they are political charges and that she was beaten in prison .  eu leaders are boycotting the finals over her treatment .  cnn talks to her daughter eugenia and asks what went wrong .
 best of bourdain : 7 can't-miss adventures <sec> follow in the footsteps of anthony bourdain with these travel ideas .  ride through the winter landscape in a troika outside of st. petersburg .  take a night train almost anywhere for interesting memorie .
 lauda tips alonso to take title <sec> triple world champion niki lauda tips fernando alonso for 2012 title .  alonso leads the championship by 29 points with six races of the season to go .  lauda says it is too soon for sauber 's sergio perez to join ferrari .  the austrian praises former ferrari driver kimi raikkonen on his comeback seaso .
 officials probe 'unusual ' mass deaths of birds in two states <sec> thousands of birds died suddenly friday night in two separate locations .  experts suspect something panicked the birds into chaotic flight and crashes .  it 's possible new year 's eve fireworks sparked one of the mass deaths .  scientists call the scale of these deaths unusual , but not unprecedente .
 cuba 's castro proposes setting limits for public office <sec> president says 10 years should be maximum .  he and brother fidel castro have ruled country since 1959 .  but younger generation not ready yet , he say .
 whitney houston , special from the start <sec> gene seymour : the first time you saw whitney houston , she made an impression .  he says houston had magnetic presence and a voice of greatness .  her appeal cut across all boundaries of race , age , geography , he say .
 men and women play juvenile games <sec> waka kickball started more than a decade ago by a few friends is now in 33 states .  the 2009 world yo-yo contest will attract more than 150 adults this year .  hundreds of adult soapbox racers will wear costumes to race in portland , oregon .  `` rejuvenile '' author noxon says childhood pastimes are becoming more acceptabl .
 obama seeking reform in libya , official says <sec> american officials are exploring possibilities for reform in libya .  the obama administration is stressing the need to avoid violence against protesters .  gadhafi 's son has warned of a possible civil war if protesters do not back dow .
 opposition charges widespread fraud in ugandan election <sec> new : the opposition front-runner says voters and polling officials were bribed .  uganda 's incumbent president took an early lead in the polls .  election could extend the term of president yoweri museveni by five years .  museveni has been in power for 25 year .
 how to make the `` sexiest wine on the planet '' <sec> wine has been produced in lebanon 's bekaa valley for thousands of years .  lebanese winemakers hope to play on that history when selling to international consumers .  conflict in neighboring syria and around middle east have impacted lebanese wine industr .
 national ballot measures : they 'll tax pot in colorado - cnnpolitics.com <sec> voters in colorado resoundingly supported taxing marijuana on tuesday .  voters in 6 states will consider 31 ballot measures tuesday .  voters in 11 colorado counties are considering the question of secession .  new jersey voters are being asked to raise their state 's minimum wage to $ 8.25 per hou .
 rural school adapts to population with little english <sec> iowa community has many english language learners in its schools .  teachers have to add more background to lessons .  students are behind in schoolwork and have limited vocabulary .  11 % of such children are in rural school .
 dismal argentina are hit for six in bolivia <sec> argentina crushed 6-1 by bolivia in their heaviest defeat for more than 60 years .  joaquin botero scores a hat-trick for the hosts in match played at high altitude .  brazil up to second place in south american qualifying after 3-0 win over per .
 feds : arkansas doctor indicted in bombing of another doctor <sec> dr. randeep mann charged with using `` weapon of mass destruction '' against a person .  dr. trent pierce injured in bombing of his suv ; he lost his left eye in explosion .  pierce was head of state medical board , which was hearing case against man .
 bp ready to try again to stop oil flow , company says <sec> new : subsea dispersants 'an option we ... will move ahead with ' .  14,000 people involved in clean-up and efforts to stop the leak .  1.2 million feet of boom deployed to prevent oily water from reaching shore .  obama critical of company executives for trying to shift blame to one anothe .
 danish navy frees pirates ' hostages off somali coast ; 2 hostages dead <sec> danish navy launches operation to free hostages held by alleged somali pirates .  two hostages die after the operation ; an investigation into the deaths is under wa .
 charlie sheen seeks rehab as 'preventive measure , ' publicist says <sec> publicist does not say what sheen is being treated for or the kind of facility he is entering .  sheen will take time off from cbs series `` two and a half men '' while in rehab , he says .  announcement comes day after sheen 's wife switches rehab facilitie .
 taye diggs opens up on idina menzel split <sec> taye diggs says he knew to expect an emotional reaction to his breakup .  he and his estranged wife idina menzel separated in december .  diggs : `` it was easy for people to root for us .
 meet the real life superheroes <sec> phoenix jones and purple reign are a husband and wife real life superhero team .  they give talks at schools against bullying during the day and patrol seattle streets at night .  jones wears a $ 10,000 kevlar reinforced superhero suit .  purple reign runs an anti domestic abuse campaign which earned her a university of washington hono .
 rebuilding auto industry 's 'brain ' supplier after tsunami <sec> renesas electronics , which makes microchips , suffered huge amount of damage .  auto industry was also looking at an unprecedented problem because of the damage to this one plant .  when 70 % of all drivers in the world start their cars , the microchip inside vehicle 's computer whirls to life .  thousands of workers descended on the naka factory in the aftermath to clean up plan .
 huckabee : 'i take full responsibility '' for shooting suspect 's clemency <sec> man accused of killing 4 washington officers had criminal history in arkansas , washington .  in 2000 , huckabee commuted his 108-year prison term , making him eligible for parole .  man who put suspect behind bars said huckabee issued clemency at `` an astounding rate '' .  huckabee : i `` acted on the facts presented to me in 2000 , '' denied 92 % of clemency request .
 letters bring hope to survivors in japan <sec> `` words of hope for japan '' is a letter writing campaign for earthquake , tsunami victims .  kathleen koch started the `` words of hope for japan '' campaign a year ago .  two hundred volunteers translated thousands of letters .  many hurricane katrina survivors used their experience to offer comfort and advic .
 connecticut police say they 've caught female bank robber <sec> police say they have heather brown , 34 , in custody .  investigators say she held up at least six banks in the past week .  she informs teller she has a bomb , but no actual bomb has been seen , police say .  police : suspect lives in norwich , connecticut , has served time for bank robber .
 papa john 's founder warns against eating too much pizza <sec> pizza chain founder advises customers not to eat more than one or two slices .  john schnatter made his comments on a popular radio program in the uk .  papa john 's is the third biggest pizza chain in the united state .
 suspect in brooklyn stabbing charged with murder <sec> new : hospital spokesman can not comment on young girl 's condition .  daniel st. hubert charged with second-degree murder and attempted murder .  police investigating another stabbing that could be linked to the suspect .  st. hubert , 27 , was released on parole on may 23 , police sa .
 when it 's time to leave a relationship <sec> five women in bad relationships share their wake-up moments .  one woman 's decision to not invite her husband 's 10 children to their wedding backfired .  michelle barrett mended her relationship after attending a `` reconnecting '' workshop for couple .
 chilean presidential race to see runoff <sec> new : sebastian pinera , eduardo frei will face off in a runoff in chile 's presidential election .  new : with over 98 percent of polling stations counted , pinera held 44 % of vote to frei 's 30 % .  new : enriquez-ominami got 20 percent of the vote , splitting votes for ruling party .  candidate jorge arrate of the communist party , garnered 6 percent of sunday 's vot .
 no sign of malaysia airline wreckage ; questions over stolen passports <sec> `` we have not been able to locate anything , '' an airline official says .  u.s. law enforcement sources say both passports were stolen in thailand .  one of the two stolen passports is listed in interpol 's database , sources say .  vietnamese searchers spot oil slicks in the south china se .
 engine fell off mexican plane before crash , official says <sec> jet 's left engine fell off as plane traveled between 250 and 300 kmh , reports say .  no traces of explosives found in wreckage ; no foul play suspected , official says .  interior minister , former deputy attorney general among those who died tuesday .  mexicans had speculated that drug lords were behind cras .
 u.s. faces 'absolute defeat , ' taliban leader purportedly says <sec> message , purportedly from taliban leader mullah omar , says u.s. faces defeat in afghanistan .  `` nothing will change that even if you send more troops , '' message says .  message posted on the afghan jihadi online magazine al-somod .  president obama set to announce u.s. troop strategy for afghanistan on tuesda .
 india : 70,000 trapped in sri lanka war zone <sec> india urges tamil tiger rebels to allow civilians to leave sri lankan war zone .  sri lankan troops , tamil fighters locked in battle for control of rebels ' territory .  india estimates up to 70,000 are trapped in the region by the conflict .  tamil tigers have been fighting for independent homeland since 198 .
 bombing kills 2 at pakistani shiite facility <sec> jundallah militant group claims responsibility , blames a military offensive in north waziristan .  a suicide bomber detonates explosives outside a mosque after guard stops him , police say .  three deadly attacks on shiite muslim mosques have happened in pakistan since january 3 .
 qatar 's inflation headache <sec> qatar 's economy is booming , but emirate has the highest inflation rate in gulf .  two recent cuts in u.s. interest rates putting pressure on gulf currencies .  qatari pm says `` studying all options '' on dollar-peg , gcc consensus ideal .  members reluctant to drop the dollar-peg despite growing inflationary pressur .
 opinion : itu meeting 'no threat to free speech ' <sec> the world conference on international telecommunications is currently taking place in dubai .  touré : `` it is our chance to chart a globally-agreed roadmap to connect the unconnected '' .  two-thirds of people globally have no internet access : `` internet is still a privilege of the minority '' .  critics have suggested some regimes taking part may propose a ban on anonymity on the we .
 tropical storm karen churns in the gulf of mexico <sec> tropical storm karen has sustained winds of 40 mph .  storm is stationary south of louisiana .  system expected to weaken to a tropical depression .  coastal residents warned of storm surges and dangerous wave .
 labrador finds skull belonging to fugitive featured on cnn 's 'the hunt ' <sec> dna confirms that a skull that a dog found in texas belongs to kevin patrick stoeser .  stoeser pleaded guilty in 2003 to child sexual assault and child pornography charges .  he fled from a halfway house in texas and had been on the u.s . .  marshals most wanted lis .
 in bangladesh , ted kennedy revered <sec> kennedy spoke out about bangladesh when u.s. policy was supporting pakistan .  kennedy visited east india , then wrote report on displaced bangladeshis .  in report , he accused pakistani army of `` systematic campaign of terror '' .  beatle george harrison also highlighted refugees ' plight with benefit concer .
 lion who ? what record boeing-indonesia deal means <sec> lion air signed a record deal for 230 boeing planes totaling $ 21.7 billion in bali .  the purchase is to feed the growing appetite for air travel in the world 's fourth largest country .  while developed economies still reel from the financial crisis , indonesia 's economy grows .  `` as indonesia 's middle class increases in number , more and more people will be traveling .
 taliban : pakistani minister killed over stance on blasphemy law <sec> u.s. envoy condemns the killing .  the taliban claims responsibility for the killing .  bhatti has been critical of pakistan 's blasphemy law .  other officials have also been targeted for opposing the la .
 ups plane crashes near dubai , kills 2 pilots , report says <sec> new : ups confirms two crew members were killed in the crash .  new : the ntsb says it will send an investigator to aid uae authorities .  the aircraft was part of united parcel service 's cargo flee .
 asian giant hornet and other terrifying creatures <sec> killer asian giant hornets are n't just a problem in china but in other asian countries .  travelers should not assume vaccinations and medications will keep them safe from deadly insects .  covering up is essential during travel .
 in mexico , racism hides in plain view <sec> ruben navarrette : in mexico , the old and new are juxtaposed in everything .  navarrette : issues break down into urban vs. rural , dark-skinned vs. light-skinned .  light-skinned mexicans have the advantages , he says , but nobody talks about this bias .  many mexicans ca n't achieve their potential , he says , and prejudice kills mexico 's progres .
 review : accept this 'proposal ' <sec> ew : `` the proposal '' is a top-notch romantic comedy .  movie adheres to formula , but it 's well done , very funny .  casting is perfect , script deliver .
 former venezuelan president to be buried in homeland <sec> carlos andres perez died saturday in miami , florida , at age 88 .  his longtime partner wanted him buried in the united states .  his estranged wife in venezuela wanted his body sent back to venezuela .  a florida judge had blocked any burial until the matter was settle .
 atlantans thank obama : 'we can become something great ' <sec> african-americans in martin luther king jr. 's hometown say obama shattered ceiling .  otis sutton says obama did for politics what tiger woods did for golf .  blacks no longer relegated to `` shucking and jiving '' to get ahead , barber say .
 taliban claims responsibility for strike in afghanistan <sec> new : taliban said the attacker struck as forces were walking toward a park .  six afghans dead , 20 were wounded , the provincial governor said .  three american troops were wounded , the governor said .  the attack took place in a faryab province marke .
 opinion : did beatles push black music aside ? <sec> elijah wald : familiar myth holds that beatles introduced white kids to black music .  quite the contrary , wald says : the rock scene had already integrated .  he says beatles created a bridge no one had imagined for youth pop and more adult styles .  by 1965 , the british invasion had resegregated the pop and r & b charts , wald say .
