 it 's tea party vs. bush and obama <sec> julian zelizer : george w. bush memoirs will be published soon .  he says it 's a reminder that tea party arose out of dissatisfaction with bush policies .  bush pushed for wall street bailout , immigration reform , expansion of government .  republican leaders will have to reconcile tensions between tea party and rest of go .
 oligarch : how culture can heal the east-west rift <sec> oligarch andrei filatov is a collector of soviet-era art and is putting on an exhibition at london 's somerset house .  filatov does n't agree with the sanctions against russia but says there needs to be better understanding .  he is putting on the exhibition as a way to encourage cultural ties and improve relation .
 rooney 's father arrested and bailed in betting probe <sec> wayne rooney 's father is one of nine men arrested over an alleged betting fraud .  the england striker 's uncle and motherwell 's steve jennings also arrested by police .  all nine people have been released on bail until january next year .  the allegations concern a scottish match between motherwell and hearts in 201 .
 source : darren wilson quietly married a fellow officer <sec> darren wilson married another ferguson police officer , a source and documents say .  document : before his marriage , he shared a home with now-wife barbara spradling .  the october 24 wedding was spradling 's first marriage and wilson 's secon .
 mccain , letterman make nice in 'late show ' visit <sec> `` i screwed up , '' john mccain tells david letterman for canceling scheduled visit .  letterman used mccain 's no-show as subject of ongoing joke .  mccain also discussed sarah palin , obama 's ties to 1960s ' radical william ayer .
 when british retail heritage meets sparkling gulf chic <sec> fortnum and mason has opened its first ever standalone store outside the uk .  dubai was chosen as the location for the 9,400 square foot outlet .  fortnum ceo says it is possible the company may add other stores in the middle eas .
 schalke in swoop for defender metzelder <sec> german international defender christoph metzelder has signed for schalke .  the 29-year-old agrees a three-year contract with bundesliga title chasers .  metzelder has endured an injury-ravaged three-season spell with real madri .
 death toll from south korean ferry sinking rises to 50 <sec> the death toll climbs to 50 , the south korean coast guard says .  252 people are still missing , in addition to the 174 who were rescued .  capt . .  lee joon seok defends his order to delay the evacuation of his sinking ferr .
 american aid worker kidnapped in nigeria <sec> an american aid worker is kidnapped in nigeria .  the kidnappers are demanding a ranso .
 conservative blogger andrew breitbart dies at 43 <sec> breitbart was known for posting the anthony weiner twitter photos last year .  he was also criticized for an edited clip of federal worker shirley sherrod .  he was a star on the right and a villain to the left .  breitbart got his start at the drudge repor .
 u.s. troops in africa focus on humanitarian missions <sec> camp lemonier is the only american military base on the african continent .  the 1,800 u.s. troops conduct civil affairs operations in seven east african countries .  their humanitarian mission is seen as an antidote to extremis .
 ancient blueprint for middle east peace touring u.s . <sec> the 2,600-year-old cyrus cylinder is on five-city tour of u.s . .  the clay cylinder is a declaration of freedom and coexistence from persian king cyrus .  cyrus ' philosophy guided many enlightenment thinkers as well as thomas jefferso .
 could diabetes fuel tb infections ? <sec> nine million people developed tb last year and 1.5 million died of the disease .  diabetes weakens the immune system , increasing chances of developing tb .  diabetes is on the rise globally , particularly in low and middle-income countries .  almost 600 million people are predicted to have diabetes by 203 .
 religion is not the biggest enemy for arab women , poll finds <sec> a new gallup poll finds arab women have the same priorities as women in america .  economic and social development are key to gender equality .  a perceived lack of safety is also a stumbling block for women 's participation .  women are just as likely as men to favor legislation based on sharia or islamic la .
 jesus : married ... with children ? ( opinion ) <sec> jay parini : new book based on ancient texts appears to show jesus married with 2 kids .  parini : it suggests mary magdalene his wife ; scholars leery , sounds like `` da vinci code '' .  he says 'lost gospels ' nothing new . .  a long ago bishop brought it to 4 , to cull competing claims .  parini : christian church made its choice on jesus story ; take other claims with grain of sal .
 putin sacks defense minister amid corruption scandal <sec> defense minister anatoly serdyukov is sacked as a scandal embroils his ministry -- state media .  sergey shoigu , a former emergencies minister , is the newly appointed head of defense .  putin said he was sacking serdyukov to ensure an objective investigation , state media report .  russia 's large military is in the midst of a much-needed modernization progra .
 oregon trooper reels in line of ferraris , lamborghini <sec> police : 6 exotic sport cars , mostly ferraris , pulled over `` like good little soldiers '' .  polite drivers reportedly told police they were making annual road trip .  fine for speed racing is $ 627 , police say .  lamborghini with tag `` badbul '' pulled over again later in day , police sa .
 therapy leads to senator 's comeback after stroke <sec> u.s. sen. mark kirk walks up 45 capitol steps .  he suffered a massive stroke last january .  only half of stroke patients actually receive intensive therapy , expert say .
 kenya 's elephants under siege <sec> kenya 's elephants are under threat from poachers .  poachers have recently become better armed and highly organized .  'elephants part of africa 's heritage , ' says kenya 's first lad .
 911 calls capture horror of nevada shooting <sec> 911 callers describe chaotic scene inside , outside carson city ihop .  shooter was found dead of self-inflicted wound in parking lot .  four others were killed , including three members of nevada national guar .
 teachers train to face school shooter <sec> some florida educators recently took self-defense training in case of a school shooting .  instructors say guides on how to hide , run or fight should be mandatory for teachers .  teacher and trainee : `` students , first and foremost , they have to be protected .
 2011 state of the union : a progress report <sec> promises kept on iraq withdrawal , reducing reporting burden in health care law .  improving transparency with the federal taxpayer receipt project was another .  promises stalled : bipartisanship , malpractice reform , oil company tax break .
 oxford v cambridge , on frosty fairways <sec> oxford and cambridge alumni brave january weather for annual president 's putter competition .  players aged 18 to 80 travel from u.s. , asia to take part .  past winners include former england cricket captain ted dexter .  heavy snow threatens to call off event for just second time since 192 .
 are cain allegations ugly politics ? <sec> ruben navarrette : cain sex harassment charges a political attack as with clarence thomas .  he says cain fumbled situation , but story is really about media , others pushing him from the race .  he says conservative black politicians are subject to stereotype .
 fishermen : utility 's actions in japan nuclear crisis 'unforgivable ' <sec> members of japan 's fishery association met wednesday with tokyo electric officials .  they say the utility ignored their pleas not to dump tons of radioactive water at sea .  the group cites `` rage '' among fishermen for what it called `` irresponsible behavior '' .  a japanese official says fishermen will get money for suffering due to to nuclear crisi .
 promise of a better life leads to the nightmare of sexual slavery <sec> there are over 12 million human trafficking victims , international data shows .  many victims of forced prostitution in the u.s. are from latin america , an expert says .  `` claudia '' was promised a factory job , but was forced into prostitution at age 15 .  she spoke to cnn in hopes of alerting authorities to what she called a `` serious '' proble .
 jeffrey sachs ' unlikely quest for world bank post <sec> economist jeffrey sachs is mounting an unusual public bid to lead world bank .  david frum says typically the job is awarded by a u.s. president after secret selection .  he says hillary clinton is a more likely candidate for the job than sachs .  frum : in age of growing democracy , can top posts be handed out in secrecy .
 1 killed in fighting at egypt 's tahrir square <sec> supporters and opponents of morsy clashed near cairo 's tahrir square .  one person dead and 26 others injured , an emergency official said .  the clashes come nearly three weeks after morsy was forced out of offic .
 chicago store clerk foils armed robbery <sec> store clerk switches on pa system after being threatened by man with gun .  armed robber flees after hearing his threat broadcast to customers in the store .  robber struck at nearby fannie may candy store , holding store up at gunpoint .  authorities say the robber , a man between ages 30 and 40 , is still at larg .
 fifth of hong kong residents live below poverty line , new index shows <sec> a fifth of hong kong 's population lives below official poverty line .  first time government has set a benchmark .  gap between rich and poor is widening .  government set to announce new measures to help poo .
 ukraine starts probe into hijack attempt <sec> ukraine has opened an investigation into a hijack attempt .  a man wanted to divert the plane to sochi .  officials say that pilots tricked him and he calmed down .  the suspect is in custody in turke .
 cow methane : a trump card in the fight against global warming ? <sec> swedish company extracts methane from fermented cow guts .  methane biogas an important renewable energy source .  world 's first train powered solely by biogas .  arnold schwarzenegger and ugandan president intereste .
 ex-army chief ratko mladic refuses to testify at karadzic trial <sec> new : ratko mladic declines to answer questions on srebrenica massacre , sarajevo siege .  mladic says u.n.-backed court is `` satanic , '' argues testimony could harm his own case .  he is called as a defense witness in the trial of ex-bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic .  both men are being tried on charges of genocide and other war crimes during the 1990 .
 nato ending libya mission <sec> new : nato ends its libya mission monday .  new : the seven-month campaign helped bring an end to moammar gadhafi .  gadhafi 's family says it will file a complaint against nato .  the u.n. security council voted to end a mandate authorizing the nato operatio .
 opinion : christie apology hits all the right notes <sec> s.e . .  cupp saw three scenarios : 1 . .  christie knew directly about bridge payback . .  2 . .  he knew obliquely .  third possibility : he was in the dark . .  she says this is the one he went with , convincingly .  she says news conference hit all right notes ; opponents will still try to hang him with issue .  cupp : if he 's telling truth , his career should survive ; if he is n't , issue will be fata .
 man proposes to girlfriend in-flight <sec> man pops the question on board a flight to new york as passengers look on .  the couple met on a flight and he felt it would only be appropriate to get engaged on a plane .  she said yes ; airline treats all passengers on board to champagn .
 manila hotel siege : rebels surrender <sec> renegade officers and politician surrender and leave manila hotel .  shots and tear gas fired into the hotel by government troops .  rebels entered hotel after walking out of court hearing where they were on trial .  the group was asking for president gloria macapagal arroyo to step dow .
 new dad roger federer loses first match back in rome after birth of boys <sec> roger federer loses first match back since birth of twin boys last week .  the swiss father of four is beaten by frenchman jeremy chardy in the rome masters .  there are wins on the rome clay for andy murray and tommy haas .  american venus williams loses second round match to halt comeback from illnes .
 adding up everything on fourth of july <sec> americans expected to gobble down 150 million hot dogs .  contestants at nathan 's hot dog eating contest will have 12 minutes .  fourth of july holiday is no . .  1 occasion for sales and servings of beer in u.s . .  sparklers can reach temperatures of about 2,000 degrees fahrenhei .
 china 's new super cargo jet takes to the skies <sec> it is the first flight of china 's new jumbo airfreighter .  aircraft 's codename is kunpeng , named after a legendary , mythical bird .  test flight heralds china 's growing aviation and military capabilitie .
 danny masterson and bijou phillips marry <sec> the couple had a formal wedding at a private castle .  phillips , 31 , wore a custom zac posen gown .  the groom 's brother chris masterson served as best ma .
 can snooki , biebs create a hit gadget ? <sec> `` jersey shore '' star attracts crowds at ces promoting line of headphones for ihip .  hip-hop star 50 cent and pop singer justin bieber also on hand to push products at ces .  analyst : celebrities bring short-term buzz but are no guarantee of long-term sale .
 london 2012 olympics bill set to rise again , report says <sec> london olympics bill set to rise from £9.3 billion to around £11 billion according to new report .  uk parliament 's public accounts committee says security costs have doubled in recent months .  committee also warn of olympic stadium becoming a `` white elephant '' after the games .  london olympics begin on july 27 ; paralympics start on august 2 .
 suspect in long island workplace shooting found dead <sec> sang ho kim , suspected in a shooting at a long island business , was found dead .  two employees of savenergy in east garden city were shot , one fatally .  kim 's body was found in a river ; an autopsy will be conducte .
 officials : no criminal record for shooter who killed cop <sec> prosecutors believe michael nolan shot and killed a police officer .  nolan himself is believed to have died in an ensuing fire and explosion .  there is no criminal record for nolan -- not even a motor vehicle recor .
 hands on with the new iphone 5 <sec> most striking feature of the new iphone 5 is how light and thin it is .  the iphone 5 has a 4-inch screen , making room for extra row of apps .  upgrades are n't mind-blowing , but final product is still incredibl .
 record-chasing nadal ready for first real test at roland garros <sec> six-time french open champion rafael nadal through to the last 16 in paris .  spaniard crushes argentine qualifier eduardo schwank in saturday 's third round .  he will next play 13th seed juan monaco when tournament moves into second week .  world no . .  4 andy murray also reaches the fourth round , where he faces richard gasque .
 u.n. announces $ 1.5 billion aid effort for syrian refugees <sec> new : at least 161 people killed across syria wednesday , according to rebel group .  united nations : a quarter of syria 's population needs food , water , shelter , medical care .  the u.n. is seeking more than $ 520 million in additional aid saying things are likely to worse .  syria has been in the midst of war since march 2011 that pits rebels against al-assad 's force .
 in depth : where money and politics collide <sec> in an in depth series of reports this week , cnn explores super pacs .  cnn will assess the impact that money has -- and has n't -- had in this electoral cycle .  we 'll look at what it costs to launch a campaign and how much you could make if you wi .
 wal-mart customer : 'i ca n't go back in ' <sec> male said on pa system that black people should leave store .  `` some people just left their carts in disgust , '' one customer said .  wal-mart `` just as appalled by this as anyone , '' spokesman says .  local police are investigating inciden .
 'sully ' joins opposition to heightened airport security measures <sec> new : civil liberties group files suit against napolitano , pistole .  new : pistole praises work of tsa employees , pleads with public to work with screeners .  rep. john mica sent a letter to aviation authorities discussing airport privatization .  a public interest research group said it is suing dhs over scanner informatio .
 guatemala rejects allegations of role in lawyer 's death <sec> lawyer rodrigo rosenberg shot dead while bicycling in guatemala city .  video surfaces in which rosenberg links president alvaro colom to his death .  government says allegations meant to create `` political chaos '' .  colom administration blames lawyer 's death on organized crim .
 in rampages , it 's about revenge <sec> james fox : la rampage case is typical of mass murders ; like most , planned , methodical .  he says mass murderers tend to be aggrieved middle-aged men , aiming to regain 'power ' .  he says in dorner case , some killed were not actual targets , but cases of 'murder by proxy ' .  fox : assailant usually thrilled at attention , satisfaction of 'payback .
 who is the suspect in the norway attacks ? <sec> the 32-year-old suspect insists he acted alone , the national police chief says .  a manifesto purportedly by him details his anti-muslim , anti-immigrant philosophy .  the head of a conservative party says she is horrified that this man is a former member .  photos show the norwegian with blond hair , blue-green eyes and chiseled feature .
 baby gabriel 's mom found guilty of imprisonment , custodial interference <sec> new : jury adds aggravating circumstances provision to three convictions .  new : next court date is november 1 , to set sentencing date .  elizabeth johnson also was originally charged with kidnapping , but jury could n't reach verdict .  `` baby gabriel '' disappeared in 2009 when he was 8 months ol .
 jared leto 's weight loss : actor shed pounds for 'dallas buyers club ' <sec> jared leto stars with matthew mcconaughey in upcoming `` dallas buyers club '' .  the actor/musician says he lost 30 to 40 pounds for role .  leto portrays a transsexual woman living with hiv in the 1980s .  critics have raved about both actors ' performance .
 mason jennings gets 'dark and raw ' in 'blood of man ' <sec> mason jennings ' new cd , `` blood of man , '' is very personal .  jennings does n't shy away from tougher episodes of his life .  one contributor to the songs : intense yoga sessions , says jenning .
 opinion : common core promotes student success <sec> kathleen porter-magee : people ask about value of academic standards like common core .  porter-magee : standards and testing have resulted in big gains in academic achievement .  she says common core is a game-changer in making expectations more rigorous .  this is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to pull students up to potential , she say .
 mild and wild : two western rafting trips <sec> check out the itineraries for two very different rafting trips in the west .  days are measured in meals on a rogue river wine-themed rafting tour .  chilko river offers the longest stretch of continuous class iv rapids on the continen .
 man sues philadelphia archdiocese , claiming he was abused as teen <sec> delaware man charges 3 years of sexual abuse .  `` i do n't want anyone to go through what i have gone through '' .  suit comes after february rape charges against 3 area priest .
 'american idol ' 2013 : top 20 guys and girls are ... <sec> bryant tade and david willis were among the contestants who were eliminated .  burnell taylo and cortez shaw will be moving on in the singing competition .  adriana latoni and amber holcomb are among `` idol 's '' top 2 .
 protesters take to the streets of spain <sec> protesters are angry about spain 's high unemployment .  voters go to polls next week , but one protester says that wo n't do enough .  opposition conservatives are expected to win november 20 election .
 mccain calls for airstrikes on syria <sec> new : opposition activists say 26 people were killed around syria on monday .  mccain says foreign air power is `` the only realistic way '' to protect syrians .  u.n. relief coordinator to arrive wednesday in damascus .  u.s. treasury says syrian radio and tv are subject to sanction .
 football 's middle eastern revolution <sec> two new arab investors look to buy liverpool and chelsea .  they 're the latest businessmen to look at buying a premier league club .  the region has pumped millions of dollars into the game in recent years .  uefa boss platini is wary of foreign owners . .  what do you think ? .  have your sa .
