 america 's cup : australians to challenge team usa <sec> australian wine mogul bob oatley has announced plans to enter a team in the america 's cup .  the vintner filed his challenge to the golden gate yacht club .  oracle team usa are the defending champions of the elite sailing trophy .  the americans fought back to defeat emirates new zealan .
 five ways windows 8 is better than ios and android <sec> picture password feature is fun , convenient alternative to system unlocking .  in windows 8 , switching between open apps is much more intuitive and easy .  users can adjust key size in the windows 8 split-screen keyboar .
 u.s. soldier gets life in killing of comrades in iraq <sec> a judge finds that sgt . .  john russell killed with premeditation .  russell pleaded guilty to the may 2009 killings at baghdad 's camp liberty .  he opened fire at a combat stress clinic , killing five peopl .
 memo reveals clinton 's difficulty over supreme court choice <sec> notes taken by clinton confidante reveal new details about stephen breyer 's selection to bench .  deliberations went down to the wire each time and breyer was n't the one clinton really wanted .  when he was selected , clinton wanted it announced quickly ; breyer was n't even presen .
 why not let kids have facebook pages ? <sec> facebook is considering changing rule to allow preteens to have their own pages .  laura stepp : 7.5 million preteens are already on facebook , 5 million under 10 .  children 's pages could be linked through their parents ' pages , she says , allowing supervision .  stepp : letting your child have a facebook page is a chance to teach safe online behavio .
 former-communist leader elected nepalese pm <sec> madhav kumar nepal of the communist party of nepal was only candidate .  nepal , 56 , is a former general secretary of the communist party .  pushpa kamal dahal , the maoist chairman , resigned as prime minister may 4 .  followed president 's decision to overturn cabinet 's sacking of army chie .
 u.s. official : toyota indicates it will pay $ 16.4 million fine <sec> u.s. official : toyota indicates it will pay a $ 16.4 million fine .  penalty assessed for failing to notify over `` sticky pedal '' defect .  toyota vehicles have been the subject of at least 3 separate recalls in past yea .
 haddy n'jie : the african face of norwegian tv <sec> tv presenter haddy n'jie is an instantly recognizable face in norway .  she was born in oslo to a gambian father and norwegian mother .  n'jie is also a singer who has released three solo albums .  she also hosted the eurovision song contest this yea .
 sands are shifting but can dubai avoid property bust ? <sec> dubai has grown at a rapid pace in recent years as has its property market .  residential property prices have risen by 27.7 % in last year , according to knight frank .  dubai authorities keen to ensure property bubble does not develop .  international investors continue to flow into dubai , luxury real estate agents sa .
 surfer killed in shark attack off australian coast <sec> new : authorities are still searching for the victim 's remains .  his age and identity are not immediately released .  the surfer is believed to have been taken by a great white .  the stretch off western australia 's southern coast is one of the deadliest for shark attack .
 egypt 's president-elect promises to put power in hands of the people <sec> mohamed morsi will be sworn in saturday .  he told a packed crowd at tahrir square that his authority comes from all egyptians .  he said he would fight to release political prisoners , including sheikh omar abdel-rahma .
 kelley asked for $ 80 million to influence south korean deal , businessman says <sec> kelley visited the white house three times between september and november .  businessman : woman who triggered petraeus probe offered to influence south korean deal .  he says jill kelley claimed to be a high-level south korean government representative .  kelley went skydiving with a special operations command team , military say .
 shooting reopens debate over drug , violence link <sec> girlfriend : kazmierczak stopped taking prozac three weeks before niu shooting .  most experts say there is little data to provide link between drugs , violence .  fda : prozac withdrawal can make a person irritable and aggressive .  other drug interactions make it difficult to conclude whether a link exist .
 sandy hook must be a tipping point for change <sec> piers morgan : past gun-related tragedies have n't led to any action .  he says that must change , and he hosted a debate on the issue .  morgan : laws must be changed to limit weapons , ammunition and enforce background checks .  rights of americans who use guns for hunting and sport must be respected , he say .
 deadly clash breaks out at sunni protest in iraq <sec> at least 28 people are killed in a clash in hawija .  four people are dead in southern baghdad .  al qaeda in iraq has claimed responsibility for some past attacks .  a number of attacks have targeted the sunnis recentl .
 powerful texas blast left nearly 100-foot-wide crater <sec> new : the west fertilizer co. is focused on `` fact finding , '' not on pending lawsuits .  new : residents gather at a local hall hoping to get answers from officials .  investigators say the fire that led to blast was n't sparked by natural causes .  they are hunting for clues , including using shovels to dig through debri .
 opinion : why north korea worries dick cheney <sec> dick cheney gave gop lawmakers a blunt assessment of n. korean crisis .  ruben navarrette says those who live on the u.s. west coast are particularly concerned .  he says the fear is that kim jong un backs himself into a corne .
 miuccia prada : the reluctant fashionista <sec> fashion designer miuccia prada prefers to stay out of fashion limelight .  took over family business to transform into global fashion and style brand .  has a degree in political science and studied mime before becoming designe .
 fire conditions expected to worsen in arizona <sec> new : officials are bracing for winds of up to 30 miles an hour saturday .  new : containment of the fire is expected to be more difficult .  power companies make contingencies if lines are closed .  crews have kept fire from reaching new mexic .
 'jackass ' star ryan dunn killed in car crash <sec> new : dunn `` did n't seem to be intoxicated , ' bar manager says .  `` speed may have been a contributing factor , '' police say .  dunn 's porsche was `` fully engulfed in flames , '' police say .  a passenger who was killed has not been identifie .
 legislator pushes bill to restore colonel reb as ole miss mascot <sec> lawmaker wants colonel reb restored as old miss mascot , `` dixie '' played at games .  house bill 1106 was authored by state rep. mark duvall , d-mantachic .  ole miss students voted in october to name the new mascot rebel black bea .
 olivia munn joins 'new girl ' as nick 's love interest <sec> olivia munn is joining zooey deschanel 's `` new girl '' .  munn will reportedly shoot her `` new girl '' arc before re-joining `` the newsroom '' .  `` new girl '' returned tuesday night to 5.2 million viewer .
 in crimea : 'i feel unsure about what will be tomorrow ' <sec> a crimean resident has observed gas , food price increases .  he said downtown simferopol streets were closed thursday to sunday .  in yalta , resident reports no sightings of troop .
 despite emotional hearing , weapons ban given little chance of passing <sec> sobbing father of newtown victim says that `` i am his voice '' .  sen. feinstein continues her push for a ban on some semi-automatic weapons .  the nra opposes any kind of weapons ban .  the legislative focus is on gun trafficking , straw purchases and background check .
 money , celebrity for youtube 's top talents <sec> in eight years , youtube has created internet celebrities with large followings .  youtubers with a large number of subscribers can make a living just making videos .  in the view of some , youtube has even grown beyond the term `` community .
 opinion : las vegas cop killing no 'revolution ' <sec> tracy smith : my friend alyn beck was shot by two unhinged people bent on 'revolution ' .  he says shooting innocents does n't spark revolution ; it wrecks lives and families .  he says alyn and his partner were good cops , not 'government henchman ' .  smith : if you 're angry at authority , you can start a blog or join a caus .
 embattled atlanta hawks gm on 'indefinite leave ' <sec> hawks gm danny ferry vows , `` i will find a way to make a positive difference '' .  ferry requests and is granted a leave of absence , ceo says .  he has been under fire for comments he made about player luol den .
 chevron appeals $ 8.6 billion ruling <sec> chevron 's appeal continues 19 years of litigation .  the fine will double if chevron does not apologize , an appeals court has ruled .  the company says the case is fraudulent .  it does not believe the ruling is enforceabl .
 could chris christie be boxed out of 2016 ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> chris christie was once the republican establishment 's favorite heading into 2016 .  but he could face challenges if romney and bush enter the rac .
 rwandan genocide survivor finds solace in gacacas <sec> hearings held in open fields in neighborhoods where the attacks occurred . .  hearings have tried about 1.5 million cases since they started .  victims of 1994 genocide were mostly from the tutsi ethnic minority .  gacacas originally formed to resolve minor disputes among villager .
 principles collide in captive soldier 's case <sec> new : bergdahl 's release is `` the highest priority that i have , '' home-state senator says .  bowe bergdahl is the lone u.s. soldier held in captivity .  the u.s. government has launched a new effort to bring him home .  `` the clock is ticking '' on efforts to bring him home , cnn analyst say .
 18-foot python found in florida <sec> florida work crew finds 18-foot burmese python .  snake was about 8 inches shorter than longest ever captured .  a state worker killed the snake , one of thousands plaguing south florida .  the snakes feed on native species and destroy ecosystems , researchers sa .
 adrian sutil switches to sauber for 2014 f1 campaign <sec> adrian sutil signed by sauber for 2014 season .  germany 's sutil has spent his f1 career with force india .  finished 13th in last season 's driver standings .  second sauber driver still to be name .
 zimbabwe judge sues first lady over farm <sec> zimbabwe high court judge sues country 's first lady over seized farm .  judge accuses grace mugabe of using political muscle to wrest from him farm .  judge said he acquired farm in 2002 as part of controversial land grabs .  formation of zimbabwe unity government delayed as debate postpone .
 heavy security blankets new york on 9/11 anniversary <sec> new : a second vehicle missing from world trade center site is recovered , police say .  the white house says there is no new information on a possible plot .  authorities are on the lookout for up to three possible attackers .  no evidence exists so far that a plot is under wa .
 can you imagine cancer away ? <sec> seidler , 73 , who just won an oscar , was told he had bladder cancer .  he declined chemo , extensive surgery , believes visualization helped beat disease .  no large-scale studies show visualization can treat disease , ex- medical journal editor say .
 episcopal church approves same-sex blessing service <sec> new : supporters say policy step toward inclusiveness .  house of deputies votes to approve policy .  policy has been in development since 2009 .  church leaders would study the issue for three years before making it permanen .
 concern mounts over rising troop suicides <sec> average of 5 soldiers per day tried to commit suicide in 2007 , army figures show .  sen. jim webb introduces legislation to improve care for soldiers .  army psychiatrist says soldiers must overcome stigma of treatment .  psychiatrist : `` we know that soldiers do n't want to go seek care .
 ban on low-nutrition kid-toy meals draws nearer in san francisco <sec> ordinance would require most mcdonald 's happy meals to meet new city nutrition criteria .  if nutrition standards are met , mcdonald 's and other chains can offer toys with meals .  not meeting the criteria would result in pulling restaurant 's permit to operate .  measure is part of `` food justice '' movement ; officials expect a legal challeng .
 missing girl whose disappearance gripped argentina found dead <sec> candela rodriguez was missing since august 22 .  she was found inside a garbage bag wednesday .  the state news agency reports that her family received an extortion call .  the caller threatened to kill candela if her father did not return some mone .
 ceos : burning bright or burning out ? <sec> research shows ceos experience a dozen mostly negative emotions during an average week .  many western ceos find the job intensely lonely , and do n't know where to seek advice .  author steve tappin says western ceos could learn from the chines .
 bmw heiress 'blackmailed for millions ' <sec> germany 's richest woman says she is being blackmailed for millions of euros .  bmw heiress says man threatening to release pictures of their `` meetings '' .  munich state prosecutor says man was arrested in januar .
 guardiola hails manchester united players as 'extraordinary ' <sec> pep guardiola calls manchester united `` extraordinary '' after their 2-1 win over chelsea .  guardiola 's barcelona side will face united in the champions league final at wembley .  united need just one point from two games to claim their 19th league titl .
 when f1 meets football : sauber joins forces with chelsea fc <sec> sauber f1 cars bear chelsea fc `` teasers '' at china and bahrain grands prix .  the sports organizations join forces in a ground-breaking marketing partnership .  they hope to appeal to an international audience and boost sponsorship .  deal includes shared merchandise sales , advertising space and sports scientist .
 pope visits africa , reaffirms ban on condoms <sec> pope benedict xvi refuses to soften the vatican 's ban on condom use .  he made comments as he arrived in africa for his first visit to the continent as pope .  he is visiting cameroon , the first stop on a trip that will also take him to angola .  sub-saharan africa has been hit harder by aids and hiv than any other regio .
 up to 200 foreign fighters in somalia , u.s. officials say <sec> u.s. officials say as many as 200 foreign fighters may be in somalia .  plans in place for u.s. special forces to attack al qaeda in somalia .  ethnic somalis from europe also believed to be operating there .  somalia is now 'ultimate safe haven ' for fighters , u.s. official say .
 ftc strengthens rules to protect children 's online privacy <sec> changes to children 's privacy act target the collection of personal data by apps .  rules are intended to give parents more control over their children 's information .  only 20 % of apps explain what data are collected before download , ftc say .
 three boneheaded online dating moves to avoid <sec> breakups spike right after cupid 's big day , according to unofficial facebook data .  when encountering an online date offline , do n't be creepy about it .  online daters should n't ignore safety and common sense , but should reveal some basics .  there 's less success on online dating sites when using a poor user nam .
 phosphoric acid sickens 2 at jfk airport post office <sec> new : package `` determined to be beauty supplies '' .  two customs employees decline medical attention , officials say .  the phosphoric acid was found in a package originating from chin .
 18 workers at jfk airport charged in theft ring of airline mini-bottles of alcohol <sec> 18 airport employees accused of stealing more than 100,000 mini-bottles of alcohol .  the retail value of the alcohol is $ 750,000 .  most of the workers are employed by lsg sky chefs , an airline beverage supplier .  the lsg employees were arrested at an early morning meeting in their uniform .
 nashville pioneer ray price dead at 87 <sec> the 1956 song `` crazy arms '' introduced what 's now dubbed the `` ray price beat '' .  price died monday at age 87 after battling cancer .  he started singing during veterinary school ; hank williams took him on tour in 195 .
 novak djokovic beats roger federer to win wimbledon <sec> novak djokovic wins wimbledon title for second time .  beats seven-time champion roger federer in five sets .  federer took the opening set before his serbian opponent rallied .  federer was bidding for 18th grand slam titl .
 south sudan aid effort under way , u.n. says <sec> some 60,000 people in jonglei state are in urgent need of help , the united nations says .  they fled their homes last week to escape thousands of armed men from another tribe .  a senior u.n. official is visiting a town attacked by the fighters to assess the situation .  ethnic tension flares as tribes fight over grazing lands and water right .
 girl who grew up above brothel wins scholarship <sec> shweta katti grew up above a brothel in mumbai 's red-light district .  she says she was sexually abused when she was about 11 or 12 .  but katti has risen above her circumstances and won a scholarship at a u.s. college .  `` every girl has it within herself , '' says katti , who starts school in the fal .
 family of slain iranian protester wants answers <sec> parents of slain protester wants to know who killed their son .  they have not spoken to the international media until now , fearing their safety .  iranian authorities have said they are investigatin .
 ex-bart officer accused of murder out on bail <sec> former bart officer accused of murder posts $ 3 million bail .  johannes mehserle charged with murder of oscar grant iii .  mehserle may have intended to use taser instead of gun , attorney say .
 new pain pill 's approval : 'genuinely frightening ' <sec> coalition of health , consumer groups express concern about painkiller zohydro .  the hydrocodone-based drug is set to be available in march .  one expert says fda-approved drug is five times more potent than current medications .  `` it will kill people as soon as it 's released , '' one doctor says .
 debby downgraded to depression after hitting florida <sec> new : debby , now a tropical depression , moves inland across florida .  heavy rain sweeps over low-lying coastal flats .  the suwannee river is forecast to rise 22 feet in one day .  flooding prompts the closure of parts of interstate 1 .
 preliminary charges again filed against spain 's princess cristina <sec> a judge has filed preliminary charges of financial corruption against spain 's princess cristina .  earlier charges were dropped after prosecutors appealed , citing insufficient evidence .  the princess 's husband faces preliminary charges of diverting public funds for private use .  inaki urdangarin married cristina , king juan carlos ' youngest daughter , in 199 .
 magical mcilroy reigns in dubai <sec> rory mcilroy wins the world tour championship in dubai .  world no.1 birdied the final five holes to defeat justin rose .  mcilroy had already won race to dubai and topped european money list .  justin rose finishes second after threatening to shock the northern irishma .
 mark zuckerberg to become comic book hero , villain ? <sec> facebook founder mark zuckerberg slated to star in his own comic book .  comic book to be produced by bluewater productions from canada .  the `` mark zuckerberg : creator of facebook '' will be a 48-page sag .
 barack obama is 'president of the world ' <sec> global media heralds the end of the bush administration and the dawn of a new age .  china daily hopes for a `` more cooperative and talk-savvy new america '' .  times of india expresses concern that obama will discourage outsourcing .  russia 's pravda is ecstatic as `` eight years of hell are over .
 obama calls joplin high graduates an 'inspiration , ' urges them to lead america <sec> new : `` your joplin family loves you and believes in you , '' the superintendent says .  a monster tornado devastated joplin , missouri , on may 22 , 2011 .  the storm killed 161 people and flattened a broad swath of the city .  obama tells joplin high graduates `` i 'm counting on you to be leaders .
 spain hails virtuoso performance <sec> spanish newspapers hail national side 's victory over russia at euro 2008 .  underachievers spain reach first major final in 24 years .  russians lament `` end of a beautiful fairy tale , '' look ahead to 2010 world cu .
