 sochi 2014 : winter olympic venues <sec> sochi 2014 winter olympics starts on february 7 .  russia is hosting its first winter games .  athletes competing in 98 events across 15 sports .  opening ceremony followed by 17 days of competitio .
 travis barker 's painful recovery , solo disc , new blink-182 album <sec> barker 's recovery from the crash took longer and was more painful than was publicly known .  he spent much of the last year completing tracks for `` give the drummer some '' .  barker will be on the road in march and april with wayne and rick ros .
 the girl with no identity : being a second child in china <sec> twenty-year-old li xue has a passion for learning but has never spent a day at school .  a second child born under china 's one-child policy , she says she was not entitled to a state education .  china 's family planning laws have been in place for three decades .  china may soon ease some restrictions , state media have sai .
 china-u.s. relationship called 'most important ' in world <sec> victor zhikai gao is now the director of the beijing private equity association .  gao says the united states should deal with beijing `` with respect '' .  gao says china has no desire to be an enemy of the united state .
 four dead in chemical plant explosion , officials say <sec> new : fire department spokesman : 14 have been taken to area hospitals .  firefighters still fighting hot spots wednesday afternoon , official says .  `` it 's a hellish inferno , '' he tells reporter .
 stunned friends recall good deeds of afghanistan killings suspect <sec> new : suspect 's wife calls the massacre allegation `` completely out of character '' .  friends described robert bales as fun-loving , devoted , good-hearted and patriotic .  in previous tours in iraq , he suffered a foot injury and a head injury .  he had been passed over for promotion ; family has been under financial stres .
 teen shiffrin crowned world slalom champion <sec> seventeen-year-old beats more experienced rivals at world ski championships .  teenager from vail , colorado is youngest winner of women 's slalom event for 39 years .  shiffrin takes u.s. gold medal haul to four adding to ted ligety 's triple succes .
 prosecution rests in 'american sniper ' trial <sec> eddie ray routh is on trial for the 2013 shooting deaths of chris kyle and chad littlefield .  a video played in court shows him speaking with police after the shooting .  in an audio recording , routh says he was annoyed at kyle and littlefiel .
 profile : tumultuous polanski always in spotlight <sec> polanski born in france in 1933 . .  moved to poland and survived holocaust .  critically acclaimed as actor and director : married actress sharon tate in 1968 .  pregnant tate later murdered by followers of charles manson .  in 1977 polanski pleaded guilty to having sex with 13-year-old girl ; fled to franc .
 john daly seeks help after sinking to new pga tour low <sec> two-time major champion john daly cards the worst round of his top-level golf career .  the 47-year-old signs for 19-over-par 90 at a pga tour event in florida .  daly says he needs help to cure his putting `` yips '' after shooting 12 at one hole .  he also hit three balls into the pond at the 16th and then shanked an iro .
 commentary : rick warren foes are n't practicing tolerance <sec> jordan lorence : barack obama has asked rick warren to give the invocation .  he says activists are seeking to ban warren from speaking because of his views .  lorence says warren 's view on marriage is the majority position in the u.s . .  he says obama also believes marriage is between a man and a woma .
 wilshere signs new contract with arsenal <sec> england midfielder jack wilshere signs a new long-term contract with arsenal .  the 18-year-old made his senior england debut against hungary earlier this season .  wilshere is the youngest player to ever feature for arsenal 's first tea .
 live animals sold as key rings in china <sec> turtles sold as live key rings by beijing street vendors .  other amphibians and fish sold for around $ 1.50 each .  animal rights groups have called for more animal protection laws in chin .
 funerals scheduled for two victims as maryland train derailment probed <sec> they died early tuesday when a train derailed on the bridge on which they were sitting .  ntsb says a break in an air line may have caused emergency braking .  county official says he plans to assess how the young women got access to the bridg .
 oprah plane takes to the skies <sec> united airlines debuted a 757 painted with the logo for the show 's farewell season .  the oprah plane will fly united domestic routes through may 2011 .  one customer on the inaugural flight will receive enough united miles for a trip around the worl .
 yana kudryavtseva : 'crystal statuette ' suffers for sport - not art <sec> yana kudryavtseva is youngest all-around champion in history of rhythmic gymnastics .  the russian was just 15 when she won the title at the world championships on august 30 .  her father won an olympic gold medal as a swimmer and she dreams of emulating him .  kudryavtseva 's national coach is wife of russia 's richest man and trainer of many champion .
 from riches to rags : why rangers ' financial meltdown should worry europe <sec> rangers ' financial plight casts doubt on stability of clubs elsewhere in europe .  football expert says clubs on the continent are similarly stretched financially .  simon chadwick says lack of business nous and rise of other regions has had impact .  if rangers went under it could have dire repercussions in scotland , says journalis .
 northern plains brace for flooding ; power still out in northeast <sec> fargo , north dakota , prepares as red river rises quickly .  forecasters predict river will crest saturday about 20 feet above flood stage .  at least seven deaths attributed to powerful nor'easter along eastern seaboard .  thousands still without power after storm in northeas .
 source : rihanna argument did not spur chris brown fight <sec> chris brown wanted no part of the confrontation , a source close to the singer says .  brown and his friends were trying to leave when they were brutally attacked , the source says .  drake `` was on his way out of the club when the altercation began , '' his rep says .  `` no one in chris ' camp was inciting the other party , '' brown 's spokesman say .
 fbi offers reward for clues in baghdad slaying <sec> agency wants help in solving a 2009 killing in baghdad 's green zone .  government contractor james kitterman was found dead in car .  he owned a construction company that employed workers from u.s. , philippines .  fbi is offering $ 20,00 .
 do we need a revolution in higher education ? <sec> william bennett : despite costly tuition , most students still desire to go to college .  bennett : in purely financial terms , they might be better off investing in stocks .  he says a college degree does not hold the status and significance it once did .  bennett : technology challenges traditional models of colleges , could change everythin .
 controversial 'defeat jihad ' ad to appear in nyc subways <sec> controversial `` defeat jihad '' ad to appear in several new york subway stations next week .  last year , city transit officials refused to display the ad .  that decision was overturned by a federal judge last month .  group behind ad says it 's not concerned about inflaming muslim .
 greece strikes deal on austerity plan , samaras says <sec> new : the democratic left and syriza voice opposition to the austerity package .  samaras calls on lawmakers to approve the deal agreed to with international creditors .  `` as long as this agreement is approved ... greece will remain in the euro , '' says samaras .  2 parliamentary votes will be held , one on budget and the other on austerity and reform .
 united stretch lead after van der sar record <sec> record breaker edwin van der sar has now kept 12 clean sheets for united .  1-0 win over sixth-placed everton sees united go five points clear in premier league .  closest rivals chelsea and liverpool play each other in title showdown on sunda .
 british royals arrive in new york <sec> william and kate , the duke and duchess of cambridge , arrive in new york .  they are on a three-day visit to new york and washington .  william will meet with president barack obam .
 manchester united clamp down as epl goes goal crazy <sec> manchester united will go into 2013 with a seven-point lead in english premier league .  alex ferguson 's team keep a rare clean sheet in saturday 's 2-0 win at home to west brom .  second-placed manchester city win 4-3 at norwich despite having samir nasri sent off .  spurs go third with 2-1 win at sunderland , with arsenal fifth after beating newcastle 7- .
 michelle obama preps for general election close-up <sec> michelle obama refining her speeches to emphasize family , upbringing .  she has been criticized for coming across as angry , unpatriotic .  she is co-hosting on `` the view ; '' also on cover of us weekly .  her spokeswoman says this is not an `` image makeover .
 'king of pop ' was major influence on younger artists <sec> michael jackson 's dance moves , his look were emulated .  jackson inspired artists such as usher , justin timberlake and rapper snoop dogg .  recording ceo : jackson `` influenced everyone who has come after him .
 delayed passengers stage plane sit-in for refund <sec> a nearly 9-hour flight delay turned into a standoff at hong kong airport wednesday .  passengers refusing to leave the plane for 5-hours until the airline agreed to pa .
 death pits technology against chinese control <sec> beating death of chinese wei wenhua prompts outrage .  one chinese blogger writes : `` city inspectors are worse than the mafia '' .  city inspectors in china act as auxiliary support to police .  wei reportedly died at hands of inspectors this mont .
 man arrested , accused of threatening to kill obama <sec> secret service : arrested man is accused of threatening to kill president .  daniel james murray was arrested in casino parking lot in laughlin , nevada .  complaint : he told bank teller in utah , `` we are on a mission to kill the president .
 ahmadinejad says remarks taken out of context <sec> ahmadinejad 's comparison of election losers to soccer fans unleashed wave of fury .  `` i was addressing those who started riots and set up fires , '' he says in broadcast .  president of iran attempts to embrace opponents : `` these all are victors '' .  key conservatives have complained of ahmadinejad 's treatment of protester .
 ex-nazi death camp guard demjanjuk dies in germany <sec> new : john demjanjuk was living in a home for the elderly pending appeal of his conviction .  demjanjuk , a onetime u.s. auto worker , was convicted in germany last year .  he was found guilty of assisting in mass murder as a guard at the sobibor death camp .  prosecutors said he was an accessory to nearly 28,000 death .
 gun sales at record levels , according to fbi background checks <sec> the one-month record for background checks was set in november -- over 1.5 million .  december has already surpassed that record -- with a few days left in the month .  the nra says the figures indicate more people feel they need guns for self defens .
 cheetah , chimp from tarzan films , dies <sec> cheetah starred in the tarzan films from 1932 through 1934 , primate sanctuary says .  he was roughly 80 years old when he died saturday .  primate sanctuary staffers remember him as `` very compassionate .
 davis cup : serbia 's journey from war-torn nation to tennis superpower <sec> the final of the 2010 davis cup takes place in belgrade from 3-5 december .  serbia and france will meet in the competition for the first time .  france have won the event nine times most recently in 2001 .  serbia will be playing in the final for the first time but have the advantage of playing on their home cour .
 australia : losing 'know-how ' economy ? <sec> more than 1,000 workers will lose their jobs when ford closes two production facilities .  the decision is a blow to those who will lose their jobs and bad news for labor government .  it comes despite attempts to prop up the industry by the australian government .  it raised questions over the structure of the australian econom .
 army to report record number of suicides <sec> army to report 128 confirmed suicides , 15 suspected suicides in 2008 .  number is army 's highest for one year since tracking began in 1980 .  army in 2007 had 115 confirmed suicides -- previously the highest numbe .
 hollywood legend charlton heston dead at 84 <sec> heston was suffering the late stages of alzheimer 's disease .  heston 's wife of 64 years , lydia , was by his side at the time of his death .  the family said it would hold a private memorial servic .
 france sends police to quell guadeloupe violence <sec> french police reinforcements being posted to guadeloupe .  island wracked by a month of sometimes violent protests over living conditions .  protest leader denies encouraging violence .  guadeloupe is french overseas territor .
 interior secretary says he will impose new drilling moratorium <sec> new : salazar says ban is `` needed '' and `` appropriate '' .  judge blocks government 's temporary ban on deepwater drilling .  white house says it will appeal decision .  louisiana governor , senator , urge administration not to appea .
 q & a ; : will china come to the eu 's rescue ? <sec> an eu-china summit ended with promises to help , but no cash pledge .  china has the world 's largest foreign cash reserves of about $ 3.2 trillion .  domestically , there is little political support in china to rescue the eurozone .  china investment in european companies , however , has skyrockete .
 cuban leader visits russia in a first since cold war <sec> cuban president 's trip intended to strengthen ties with russia .  relations between the two countries cooled when cold war ended .  solving lifting of u.s. trade embargo on cuba among items on agenda .  russian president dmitry medvedev visited cuba in novembe .
 as 'flying fortress ' reaches sky , former airmen relive the high <sec> liberty foundation begins tour of world war ii-era b-17 in atlanta this weekend .  `` our role is to fly this aircraft as a flying museum , '' foundation volunteer says .  public gets chance to meet airmen , fly 30-minute missions on liberty bell .
 marsden : 'guys need to pull their pants up ' <sec> in high school marsden showed off his preppy side .  while it 's easy for him to throw on sweats , marsden likes to dress up .  actor says he is inspired by paul newman .  marsden : i can shop style for women , but size is a different issu .
 the pope is wrong on religious speech ( opinion ) <sec> heidi schlumpf : pope told reporters one ca n't insult others ' faith , expression must have limits .  she says he seems to believe religion should have special protections on free speech .  schlumpf : most u.s. catholics likely disagree -- no one has right not to be offended , even pop .
 police : priest solicited murder of boy accusing him of sex abuse <sec> john fiala is jailed on $ 700,000 bail .  he allegedly offered an undercover agent money to kill the teenager .  fiala also faces multiple sexual abuse charges .  `` this guy is an evil man , '' sheriff say .
 internet hangs in balance as world leaders meet in secret <sec> world conference on international telecommunications opens monday in dubai .  u.n. agency oversees web , but major overhauls unlikely .  expert : no agreement could make internet 'go dark .
 30 million in path of winter storm <sec> more than 200 u.s. flights canceled on wednesday .  parts of missouri and kansas could see 3 inches of sleet , 1/4-inch of ice .  the storm is now moving out to blanket central plains , midwest with snow .  there are still flood watches in place from last week near the gulf , and more rain is comin .
 5 things to know about 'sexiest man ' chris hemsworth <sec> chris hemsworth is people magazine 's sexiest man alive for 2014 .  the marvel star has become a box office hit as thor .  he 's also a father and older brother to `` hunger games '' star liam hemswort .
 court to winklevoss twins : facebook settlement stands <sec> cameron and tyler winklevoss must accept their $ 65 million settlement from facebook .  suit stems from claim that mark zuckerberg stole their idea for social-networking site .  zuckerberg and facebook deny the allegations , but agreed to settle in 200 .
 in sandusky trial , a second act for mcqueary ? <sec> jon wertheim : testimonies from the sandusky trial are chilling and horrific .  wertheim : mike mcqueary has a second chance to do the right thing .  he says mcqueary was cast as a villain , but he 's more complex as details emerge .  wertheim : mcqueary 's account could be very damaging to sandusk .
 why james foley 's murder was a message to britain <sec> isis releases video showing the beheading of journalist james foley .  furedi : the executioner in the video appeared to have a london accent .  furedi : many radical british muslims reject , loathe cultural values of british society .  furedi : british leaders failed to define common purpose that can unite all parts of societ .
 children can see masters for free <sec> children 8-16 can watch the masters free of charge from next year .  they will have to be accompanied by an accredited ticket-holder .  the tradition par-3 tournament will be shown on televisio .
 china launches 24/7 live panda broadcast <sec> chinese giant panda research base launches 24/7 live broadcast of resident pandas .  website streams live feeds from 28 webcams installed inside research base .  giant panda is considered china 's national treasur .
 amnesty international calls on guatemala to solve women 's killings <sec> more than 685 killings of women were recorded in guatemala in 2010 .  amnesty international is calling on the government to act .  guatemala has a culture of impunity , amnesty say .
 adam levine is people 's 'sexiest man alive ' <sec> adam levine is the lead singer of maroon 5 .  he also serves a judge on nbc 's `` the voice '' .  `` as a musician , you have fantasies that you want to win a grammy , '' he say .
 3 people dead in alabama ups shooting <sec> the suspected shooter was recently fired .  he died from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound .  the fbi in birmingham had no immediate commen .
 new lead rules may be toxic to thrift stores <sec> thrift stores worry new lead rules will force them to toss kids ' inventory , shut doors .  new rules -- in effect tuesday -- apply to toys , children 's clothes and books .  cpsc says its trying to help stores understand what is safe .  cpsc spokesman : `` we 're headed for a lot of chaos in the economy because of this .
 is your teen using apps to keep this secret ? <sec> sexting is more common than parents might realize , studies suggest .  teens can hide texts they send using apps like snapchat , cyberdust and vaporcha .
 disney monorail workers placed on leave after crash <sec> action is `` part of an investigative process , '' spokeswoman says .  workers are maintenance shop member , pilot and transportation manager .  sunday morning crash of two trains killed one driver .  ntsb is still investigating inciden .
 artist uses optical tricks to create 'moving ' murals <sec> lifetiles are murals , created without electricity or moving parts , that appear to move .  rufus seder is the inventor of lifetiles and the only artist in the world using them .  his eye-catching lifetiles installations can take over a year to make .  seder also is the author of two bestselling books using similar technolog .
 up to 1,000 feared dead in india floods , landslides <sec> the exact number of those killed will not be clear until the mess is cleaned up .  uttarakhand state is the worst-hi .
 australia cricketer phil hughes 'critical ' <sec> australian cricketer phil hughes was struck by a ball during a match in sydney .  hospital says he is in a critical condition after undergoing surgery .  hughes was playing for south australia against new south wales at the tim .
