 opinion : paula deen 's words echo south 's racist past <sec> james moore : complicated south gives us actions of paula deen , u.s. supreme court .  he says deen 's apparent use of racist terms not surprising in region with racist roots .  he says her generation used them behind closed doors with other whites and many still do .  moore : this duality in the way racism 's vestiges are perceived echoed in supreme court ruling .
 italian gp stays at monza until 2016 <sec> the italian grand prix will remain at monza until 2016 .  track chiefs confirm they have signed a four-year extension .  monza hosted its first grand prix in 1922 and is one of the most famous circuits in the worl .
 messi hat-trick puts barcelona into last 16 of champions league <sec> barcelona through to last 16 of the european champions league .  lionel messi nets treble in 4-0 win over czech champions viktoria plzen .  ac milan also go through from group h despite 1-1 draw in belarus .  english clubs arsenal and chelsea fail to progress after also being hel .
 u.s. intensifies drone blitz in pakistan , source says <sec> a suspected drone strike has killed four suspected militants .  the u.s. has stepped up drone strikes since bin laden 's death , a cnn count shows .  friday 's attack hit a part of pakistan that is rife with islamic extremis .
 war , diamonds and football : the amazing story of congo 's tp mazembe <sec> congolese club tp mazembe becomes first african team to reach fifa club world cup final .  moise katumbi , governor of katanga province , has bankrolled the club 's success .  dr congo 's bloody war only ended in 2003 , which saw 5.3 million people killed .  the team take on european champions inter milan in abu dhabi on saturday nigh .
 birth advice by text message : phone medicine saving lives in kenya <sec> aggrey otieno grew up in one of kenya 's poorest slums .  he created tele-medicine centers , which provide assistance via text message .  the human rights activist says empower one person and it will have a ripple effec .
 nepalese woman accused of witchcraft and burned alive <sec> a shaman accused dhegani mahato of casting a spell to make a relative sick .  mahato 's family members set her afire in front of her daughter , police say .  police arrested 10 people , including an 8-year-old bo .
 michael phelps to 'attend program ' after dui charge <sec> phelps tweets that he will get `` the help i need to better understand myself '' .  he was arrested early tuesday , accused of driving with a blood-alcohol level of .14 .  olympic medalist returned to competitive swimming in apri .
 congress , you can impeach mark fuller ( opinion ) <sec> u.s. district court judge mark fuller allegedly attacked his wife in a domestic fight .  lz granderson : congress has the power to remove a federal judge who has done wrong .  but members of congress are busy criticizing the nfl on domestic violence issues .  granderson : if congress sets high bar for nfl , it should set high bar for public official .
 'action man ' russian president vladimir putin explores shipwreck <sec> russian president vladimir putin explores baltic sea shipwreck in submersible .  latest stunt for macho politician , happy to be photographed in speeding cars and bomber jets .  not the first time the 60 year old has taken to the water in bid to show intrepid spirit .  in 2009 , ancient urns `` discovered '' in siberian lake , later revealed as plante .
 steve jobs : 'you wo n't be disappointed ' <sec> steve jobs ' keynote address will kick off apple 's five-day wwdc conference .  `` you wo n't be disappointed [ with my keynote ] , '' said the apple ceo in an e-mail to a customer .  gizmodo may have spoiled the surprise by leaking a prototype of the new iphone .  apple is also expected to talk about its next-generation mobile operating syste .
 'housewives ' cast member 'devastated ' by death <sec> kandi burruss releases statement after the death of ashley `` a.j . '' .  jewell .  the couple 's relationship was featured on reality show .  `` real housewives of atlanta '' star says she spoke to jewell just prior to his death .  burruss also took to twitter and posted a blog in the wake of the deat .
 police : alabama bar shooting suspect charged <sec> new : police : nathan van wilkins , 44 , is in jail with a $ 2 million bond .  he faces 18 attempted murder charges .  wilkins taken into custody after turning himself in at business 50 miles away .  police say 17 people injured , four with critical wound .
 north korea removes missiles from launch site , u.s. official says <sec> two musudan missiles have been sent to a storage facility , a u.s. official says .  the u.s. and south korea said previously the missiles could be fired at any time .  the disclosure comes after the intensity of north korea threats has calmed .  but pyongyang warns the u.s. and south korea over naval drills in the regio .
 mh370 : how do underwater sonar subs work ? <sec> searchers are sending a vehicle underwater to scan the seafloor .  if it finds debris , other equipment would go down to fetch the black boxes .  the bluefin-21 crawls at the pace of a walk and has 40 square kilometers to cover .  the pinger locator has been pulled up after no new pings have been detecte .
 german opera house drops holocaust theme after disastrous premiere <sec> the opera house restaged the show as a concert after opening-night complaints .  some people were said to be so horrified by the premiere they needed medical help .  shocking scenes in the opening show included a nazi-era firing squad and gas chamber .  director burkhard kosminski did not want to change the staging , the opera house sai .
 indiana 's other outrageous law ( opinion ) <sec> sally kohn : indiana jury sentenced woman to 20 years , charging her with feticide and neglect of a dependent after she miscarried .  she says absurd , unjust case makes pregnant women hide , avoid medical attention and put their lives at even greater ris .
 halle berry makes 'amicable ' deal with child 's dad <sec> `` the parties have reached an amicable agreement , '' lawyers ' statement says .  the deal was reached after a private session at a los angeles county courthouse .  it comes a week after a thanksgiving day scuffle at berry 's hollywood hills home .  berry and gabriel aubry have been engaged in a bitter legal fight over custody of nahl .
 sxsw : 2013 film award winners are ... <sec> the south by soutwest festival has announced juried honors .  the audience award winners from the fest will be announced saturday .  `` burma '' and `` short term 12 '' won for narrative featur .
 karzai escapes deadly taliban attack <sec> new : child , tribal leader and lawmaker killed in attack , official says .  taliban : six fighters -- armed with mortars , machine guns -- launched attack .  u.s. , british ambassadors also escape harm , according to embassies .  mujahedeen day parade was commemorating afghan victory over communis .
 state department wo n't fire employees over benghazi <sec> four employees had been on administrative leave since december .  official : john kerry reaffirmed the report 's findings that no one should be fired .  the report had found failures in the run-up to the benghazi attack that killed four americans .  lawmakers have criticized the administration , saying security warnings were ignore .
 singer winehouse released from hospital <sec> amy winehouse leaves hospital after spending the night under observation .  spokesperson says singer had reaction to medication she was taking at home .  ambulance took 24-year-old winehouse from london home to emergency room .  singer has struggled with drugs and alcoho .
 torture a hallmark of phoenix 's drug kidnappings <sec> phoenix police investigated 368 kidnappings in 2008 , 357 in 2007 .  human smuggler was tortured for days because kidnappers suspected he had cash .  police say kidnappers cut , beat , shoot and electrocute victims to get their money .  men kidnapped innocent 13-year-old girl after neighbor stole marijuana , police sa .
 former model : fret over being fit , not how you look <sec> ex-model kathy ireland : quit worrying about image , start taking care of your heart .  oprah 's trainer bob greene : weight gain often a signal of something else wrong .  kirstie alley 's battle with weight has people talking again about issue .  ireland : `` beautiful people come in all shapes and sizes , ages and colors .
 celebrating veterans day <sec> veterans day is celebrated every november 11 .  the date marks the anniversary of the end of world war i .  in 2011 , there were 21.5 million military veterans in the u.s .
 nintendo apologizes for games ' same-sex slight <sec> online protests grows over lack of same-sex relationships in nintendo game .  `` tamodachi life '' lets players date , marry and have children .  nintendo apologized friday for the perceived slight .  player behind protest hopes game can be update .
 police find explosive device in uganda discotheque <sec> new : 5 americans injured in sunday 's attacks have been evacuated from uganda .  police : the device is found in a trash can .  the device is similar to those found at the sites of the latest blasts , police say .  al qaeda congratulates al-shabaab on the other two attacks .  somali pm : the `` civilized world '' should unite to combat al-shabaa .
 what is the risk of catching ebola on a plane ? <sec> cdc : spreading ebola on a plane is `` very unlikely '' .  ebola virus spreads through direct contact with blood , secretions or body fluids .  man with ebola symptoms collapsed after deplaning in nigeria .  patients with ebola not likely to be traveling , because symptoms are very sever .
 dyes , candles and mountains of food : your diwali shots from around the world <sec> festival of diwali began on november 11 and is celebrated for several days afterward by millions of hindus across the world .  houses are decorated with scores of small oil lamps to commemorate the legend of the return of the hindu god rama .  your photos include beautiful decorations , colorful rangolis , tasty treats and plenty of celebratio .
 the selling of the ex-presidency <sec> bill clinton has brought in almost $ 52 million from speeches .  ronald reagan netted $ 2 million dollars for speeches in japan .  rutherford b. hayes reportedly became a chicken farmer after leaving office .  presidential pension is now worth $ 191,300 annuall .
 ferraro : 'they 're attacking me because i 'm white ' <sec> new : geraldine ferraro says she is being attacked because she is white .  she says obama would not be a candidate if he were white .  obama has called the comments `` patently absurd '' .  clinton says she disagrees with ferraro 's comment .
 cheney : justice review of interrogation methods is political <sec> `` a terrible decision '' former vice president says of reviewing interrogations .  cheney believes probe will make cia less effective in carrying out operations .  sen. john mccain says he opposes any further review of past interrogation .
 dortmund sink bayern in bundesliga top of the table clash <sec> borussia dortmund beat bayern munich 1-0 in bundesliga .  dortmund six points clear of bayern in title race .  robert lewandowski goal wins top of the table clash .  juventus back on top in italy after 2-1 win over juventu .
 bobby petrino and social media prove a bad mix <sec> social media is playing a role in some of the biggest college football scandals .  new media have created a slew of investigative reporters among average citizens .  arkansas fired bobby petrino for not disclosing his relationship with female employe .
 argentine president calls for decriminalization of drug use <sec> president cristina fernandez de kirchner says addicts should not be persecuted .  argentine government wants congress to pass legislation by end of year .  measures could lessen sentences for users , crack down on dealers and traffickers .  rep. barney frank proposes similar legislation this week on capitol hil .
 another racy prejean photo emerges ; site promises more <sec> miss california usa carrie prejean says she posed for one semi-nude photo .  a web site says it has more photos of prejean , and plans to slowly roll them out .  prejean is in the news for her response to question about same-sex marriag .
 the lost golf balls of loch ness <sec> thousands of golf balls have been found at the bottom of loch ness .  golf balls found 300 yards from beach and 100 yards from the shore .  conservationists say the golf balls are not an environmental threa .
 landmark status resolved , nyc group moves forward on islamic center <sec> new : a muslim group says it will begin moving forward with plans for an islamic center near `` ground zero '' .  new : the cordoba initiative 's and soho properties ' project is now called park51 , as it will inhabit 45-51 park place .  if landmark status was n't denied , it would have meant the building could n't be demolished or greatly altered .  mosque organizers opposed landmark status ; they want a taller , modern buildin .
 karzai accepts afghanistan election runoff <sec> afghan runoff election scheduled for november 7 , officials say .  runoff follows probe into election fraud that invalidated thousands of votes .  runoff with pit karzai against his former foreign minister abdullah abdulla .
 name your poison : 'snake wine ' seized at airport <sec> customs officials seize container of poisonous snakes in alcohol .  `` snake wine '' popular in southeast asia .  officials say they think wine is used for medicinal purposes .  spokesman says bottle was discovered during routine inspectio .
 nra tweeter was 'unaware ' of colorado shooting , spokesman says <sec> national rifle association sends ill-timed tweet after colorado shooting .  `` good morning , shooters . .  happy friday ! '' .  wrote one of the group 's accounts .  tweet was widely criticized as insensitive given the overnight shooting that killed 1 .
 sit-in ends as cleric , pakistani government , reach deal <sec> new : muslim cleric tahir ul qadri reached a deal with pakistan 's governing coalition .  new : the national assembly will dissolve within two months , with new elections within 90 days after that .  new : the sit-in that paralyzed islamabad in recent days is over .  new : qadri tells supporters , `` you are victorious , and your sacrifices were worth it .
 get up to speed on the ferguson shooting case <sec> a grand jury could decide at any moment whether to indict officer darren wilson .  wilson fatally shot michael brown , an unarmed african-american teen .  the officer said brown started a physical confrontation .  autopsies reveal brown was shot at least six time .
 'our water is safe , ' toledo mayor says in lifting ban <sec> new : `` the families can return to normal life , '' toledo mayor says of water ban .  tests showed high levels of toxins in two toledo neighborhoods .  microcystin , a toxin caused by algae blooms , found in the water syste .
 review : samsung galaxy note 10.1 tablet is mightier with pen <sec> on the saumsung galaxy note 10.1 tablet , the stylus pen is the key .  android tablet has apps specifically designed for the pen .  a 32gb version , with card bringing it to 64gb , is $ 570 ; 64gb ipad is $ 699 .  pen app still not convenient for taking notes , reviewer say .
 rihanna shows support in court for chris brown <sec> new : rihanna `` thinks it 's utterly ridiculous what they 're doing to him , '' brown 's lawyer says .  new : prosecutors have `` tortured '' chris brown during his probation , his lawyer says .  the prosecutor accuses brown of not completing his community service .  friday marks the fourth anniversary of the night brown punched rihann .
 irish company strikes gold with huge find <sec> company finds what may be largest gold deposit found in britain or ireland .  more than one million ounces of gold may lie below rolling irish countryside .  with price of gold near historic highs , find could be worth as much as $ 300 .
 brazil : dozens of police officers arrested , accused of taking bribes <sec> new : 61 officers are arrested , accused of receiving bribes to turn a blind eye to crime .  new : investigators are still searching for two other officers suspected of involvement .  authorities also arrest 11 suspected drug traffickers , state media reports .  the arrests occur in brazil 's rio de janeiro stat .
 american woman allegedly gang-raped in india <sec> the 31-year-old woman was traveling in northern india .  a police official says she accepted a ride in a truck with three men .  authorities are looking for the suspects , the official say .
 flight 1549 pilot gets warm welcome in hometown <sec> new : left engine shows evidence of `` soft body impact damage , '' ntsb says .  thousands greet us airways pilot in danville , california .  `` we were simply doing the jobs we were trained to do , '' he says .  investigators continue to piece together what happene .
 obama administration 's wishful thinking on terrorism <sec> michael hayden says intelligence briefers are being blamed for confusion over benghazi attack .  hayden says reforms require briefers to cover full range of intelligence theories .  the incorrect description of the attack fits pattern of wishful thinking on terrorism , he say .
 what are the cia and senate fighting about ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sen. feinstein accuses the cia of spying on her intelligence committee staff .  cia director brennan denies any wrongdoing .  at issue is an upcoming report on the now-ended detention and interrogation program .  the question now involves how much of the report will be made publi .
 two tornadoes strike metro d.c . <sec> first tornado hit st. charles , maryland , about 30 miles south of washington .  second tornado struck 30 minutes later outside hyattsville , maryland .  no injuries were immediately reporte .
 kochs turn to vets , a mom to condemn democrats <sec> a koch-affiliated super pac is spending $ 2 million on new 2014 ads .  the group is targeting senate races in iowa and arkansas .  the democratic candidates in both states are considered vulnerabl .
 indonesian group prays for bin laden <sec> fpi known for militant attacks on groups deemed un-islamic or immoral .  hundreds of fpi followers gathered wednesday in jakarta to pray for osama bin laden .  `` osama bin laden is a true islamic warrior figure who defended islam , '' fpi sai .
 kuwait minister 's fix for 4 gitmo detainees : send them to afghanistan <sec> a cable posted on wikileaks quotes a kuwaiti official on guantanamo detainees .  `` we can not deal with these people . .  i ca n't detain them , '' he says .  another cable praises the saudi rehab program for former gitmo detainee .
 to luau or not to luau ? your hawaii tips <sec> cnn.com readers offer useful hawaii travel tips .  some took exception with a previous suggestion to skip the luau .  a night swim with the manta rays is a do n't miss , says one commente .
 spanish ebola patient 's condition worsens , doctor says <sec> 14 total are in a madrid hospital ; romero is the only one with confirmed ebola .  doctor declines to give further details about teresa romero ramos ' condition , treatment .  another doctor , who tended to patient , says his protective sleeves were inadequate .  the nurse 's assistant treated missionaries from africa who had ebol .
 kofi annan resigns as envoy to syria <sec> new : the eu `` calls for the early appointment of a successor '' for annan .  u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon announced the move with `` deep regret '' .  arab league secretary-general nabil el araby and ban are looking for a successor .  u.s . .  ambassador : security council vetoes made annan 's mission impossibl .
 torres ' chelsea future in doubt after 'biggest disappointment ' <sec> fernando torres disappointed after being on the bench for champions league final .  striker didier drogba was preferred ahead of the spaniard for the match in munich .  chelsea 's record signing says he will reevaluate his future at the club .  president obama watched the match with david cameron and angela merke .
 the 'harry potter ' movie daniel radcliffe ca n't stand <sec> daniel radcliffe is n't keen on the sixth film in the `` harry potter '' franchise .  he feels he 's `` just not very good in it '' .  his favorite installment is the fifth film in the franchis .
 taliban regaining hold on afghanistan , report says <sec> state department report : taliban military , technical capabilities stronger .  taliban called a determined threat to afghan stability .  funding comes from pakistan supporters , narcotics trafficking , abductions .  number of terror attacks increased from 969 in 2006 to 1,127 last yea .
 junot diaz brings back yunior <sec> dominican author junot diaz took the literary world by storm with his story about a `` ghetto nerd '' .  the character yunior narrates the inner dialogue of diaz 's books .  diaz offers no lessons , just an opportunity for readers to have encounters and conversation .
 chinese newspaper in eye of censorship storm back on sale <sec> southern weekly was not widely available in guangzhou where it is published .  the newspaper 's journalists accused officials of heavy-handed censorship .  protesters gathered outside the paper 's offices this week demanding more press freedom .  thursday edition reprinted people 's daily editorial that regulation must follow time .
