 longer lashes courtesy of the fda ? <sec> newly fda-approved latisse promises to thicken , darken and lengthen lashes .  latisse contains compound also found in glaucoma medicine .  patients using that medicine had increased eyelash growth .  drawbacks include dry and red eyes , darkening around lash line and high pric .
 tips for buying used cars <sec> buy used cars with original manufacturer 's warranty remaining .  look into certified , pre-owned ( cpo ) vehicles with less than 50,000 miles .  have a third-party mechanic look the used car .  be sure the used car will pass state safety and emissions test .
 celebrities who speak multiple languages <sec> mark zuckerberg makes headlines for addressing china event in chinese .  many made fun of him , but others admired the attempt .  facebook 's founder is one of many native english speakers who can talk in another tongu .
 want to be president ? talk folksy <sec> mitt romney 's linguistic culture is increasingly becoming obsolete , says john mcwhorter .  our era prefers a folksier voice in our candidates for high office , mcwhorter says .  mcwhorter : as a black american , barack obama comes to folksy cadence naturally .  for decades , the warmer speaker has won the election , says mcwhorte .
 missing new jersey girl spawns social media flurry <sec> police say someone called a taxi company asking for a car at alongi 's address .  the driver identified alongi as the girl he picked up and took to a train station , police said .  the teen 's post drew national attention and big buzz on social media .  no foul play is thought to have occurre .
 denmark draw blank against czechs in copenhagen <sec> denmark get off to disappointing 0-0 home draw against czech republic .  scotland also fail to make home advantage count as they draw 0-0 against serbia at hampden par .
 leno , fallon sing : 'who 's going to host 'tonight ? ' <sec> comedians poke fun at rivalry in broadway-style song .  rumors have jimmy fallon replacing jay leno on the `` tonight show '' .  `` the tonight show '' hit a seven-week high in total viewers with 3.52 million .  the ratings bump came as leno began taking nightly jabs at his employe .
 hundreds in iraq protest inflammatory anti-islam video <sec> hundreds of a radical shiite cleric 's supporters demonstrate in baghdad 's sadr city .  `` america is the enemy of the people , '' they chant , while railing against an anti-islam video .  the controversial video was made in the u.s. , but the top u.s. diplomat calls it `` disgusting '' .  protests tied to the video are also held elsewhere in iraq , including najaf and karbal .
 police say heart transplant teen plotted murder <sec> police : heart transplant teen planned to cut out possible victim 's heart .  andrew busskohl , 18 , charged with two felony counts relating to broken window .  prosecutor stands by charges ; neighbors upset teen not facing attempted murder .  defense attorney says teen 's medication affected his thinkin .
 wikileaks releasing 2.4 million syria e-mails <sec> one e-mail shows a company trying to get around u.s. sanctions .  the e-mails are in a range of languages including arabic and russian .  wikileaks says the e-mails come from different government ministries .  the wikileaks founder has been fighting extraditio .
 dakar rally racers start grueling trek <sec> spectators cheer off participants at the start of the 2011 dakar rally in buenos aires .  a total of 407 vehicles start the race which lasts 15 days and covers 9,500 kilometers .  racers will cover 13 stages in both argentina and chil .
 medical marijuana shops face banning in unincorporated l.a. county <sec> marijuana industry spokesman criticizes bans as `` sledgehammer approach '' .  orange county officials ok first reading of identical ban for their unincorporated areas .  l.a. county officials are concerned about illegal medical marijuana dispensaries .  los angeles city officials recently began a crackdown on such illegal shop .
 golden gonzalez : chile 's olympic hero keeps his medals hidden away <sec> fernando gonzalez has won three olympics medals out of chile 's total haul of 13 .  veteran tennis player has a full set of games medals , which he keeps in his closet .  he won bronze in singles and gold in men 's doubles in 2004 , then silver in 2008 .  gonzalez won a total of 11 atp tour titles during a 13-year professional caree .
 top 10 cop cars of all time <sec> officers laud the dodge charger hemi 's performance and versatility .  italian police often drive the lamborghini gallardo .  paul anderson found police cars to smash up in blue brothers film .  detectives drive daytona spyder 365 in the first two `` miami vice '' serie .
 speed-dating diplomacy on tap at united nations <sec> expect isis and ebola to be major topics at this week 's general assembly special debate .  climate change is set to be the top focus on tuesday .  ukraine will make an appeal to the united nations not to let it stand alone .  leonardo dicaprio , a u.n. messenger of peace , plans to to atten .
 john mellencamp splits with wife <sec> the singer-songwriter and wife elaine are parting ways .  the couple has been together for 20 years , a publicist say .
 'an african city ' web series generates buzz , dismantles stereotypes <sec> creator nicole amarteifio sets her story in accra , ghana .  she says she wanted to create a narrative `` of beauty , glamor and intelligence '' .  amarteifio says she was inspired as she watched re-runs of `` sex and the city '' .  she wanted the show to tell the stories of not just ghana , but africa as wel .
 amanda bynes goes home for the holidays , wants to go to school <sec> amanda bynes is released from `` inpatient treatment '' after over four months .  the actress is at home in the custody of her parents , her mother 's lawyer says .  `` she is undergoing outpatient treatment several times a week , '' the lawyer says .  a judge ruled bynes is mentally competent to stand trial for a drunken driving charg .
 serena williams wins record seventh miami title <sec> serena williams of the u.s. wins her seventh sony open title in miami .  the world no . .  1 beats china 's world no . .  2 li na in straight sets , 75 61 .  williams had to save a set point in the opener before cruising in the second .  rafael nadal plays novak djokovic in the men 's final on sunda .
 energy , the smarter way <sec> the eu hopes smartgrids will transform europe 's electricity network in 21st century .  new network will span 27 european countries aiming to achieve 'active ' energy .  vice-chair of smartgrids advisory council predicts an automated trading of energ .
 snowden to newspaper : i took contractor job to gather evidence - cnnpolitics.com <sec> nsa leaker tells hong kong newspaper he took job to find evidence of u.s. surveillance .  edward snowden says he has more documents he wants to release .  he 's thought to be headed for ecuador to avoid prosecution on espionage charge .
 gay malawi couple separated in prison <sec> malawi authorities split up gay couple jailed last week , activists say .  unclear why steven mojenza was moved to different facility .  couple was sentenced last week after getting engage .
 suspect in pregnant marine 's death detained in u.s . <sec> new : cpl . .  cesar laurean , 22 , booked in north carolina jail about 9 p.m . .  camp lejeune spokesman : laurean to be tried in civilian court in north carolina .  laurean accused of killing lance cpl . .  maria lauterbach , 20 , in 200 .
 analysis : what 's wrong with pandering to latino voters ? <sec> candidates talk about immigration reform at latino events .  hispanics care about a lot of other issues , says juan carlos lopez .  latinos : the largest and fastest growing minority in the nation .  candidates ' so-called pandering to latinos shows the power of the hispanic vot .
 is your wearable tech helping you -- or watching you ? <sec> a world where computing becomes invisible , like your thoughts , is not very far away .  one of the key challenges in this new world will be protecting our information and privacy .  smart devices , virtual agents and ai apps will know you better than your friends .  as technology undergoes rapid expansion , we need to consider the social impac .
 fed official : irs did not follow the law <sec> house committee conducts another hearing on irs targeting controversy .  national archives official says the irs failed to tell his agency about lost emails .  irs lost two years ' worth of e-mails from former administrator lois lerne .
 bob dylan super bowl commercial draws cries of 'sellout ' <sec> bob dylan narrated and appeared in a chrysler ad during the super bowl .  he was called a `` sellout '' on twitter .  dylan has appeared in ads befor .
 drogba double helps chelsea into last 16 <sec> chelsea are through to the champions league last 16 after 3-0 win over valencia .  didier drogba scores twice as the premier league side qualify as group e winners .  marseille score two late goals to win 3-2 at dortmund and qualify from group f .  zenit st petersburg draw 0-0 in porto to secure their qualification from group .
 costa concordia captain faces questions about lifeboat video <sec> video appears to show francesco schettino climbing into a lifeboat from the ship .  the ship 's captain has previously said he was thrown off the listing cruise liner .  schettino denies manslaughter , causing a maritime disaster and abandoning ship charges .  thirty-two people died after the costa concordia hit rocks and capsized off italy 's coas .
 iraqi woman fears execution , ca n't stop thinking of gallows <sec> woman sobs about impending execution : `` i ca n't think of anything else '' .  samar saed abdullah , 27 , was convicted as accessory to murder of 3 relatives .  she says police coerced and tortured her into confessing .  ministry of justice maintains that judicial system is `` fair and just .
 status report : reactor-by-reactor at the fukushima daiichi plant <sec> government officials note progress thursday in efforts at the fukushima daiichi facility .  major issues remain , especially at reactors nos . .  1 , 2 , 3 and .
 turks beat israeli visitors in tense europa league tie <sec> maccabi tel aviv lose 5-1 in trip to face turkish club besiktas in europa league .  match played against a back-drop of rising tensions between turkey and israel .  it passes with few problems , though protesters demonstrate outside ground .  european football 's secondary tournament begins group stage after qualifying round .
 double life of horse racing hero <sec> johnny murtagh is one of the most successful jockeys of modern era .  43-year-old irishman won both the epsom derby and prix de l'arc de triomphe in 2000 .  murtagh has been granted a license to train and has already had winners .  was leading jockey at royal ascot this yea .
 using a taser on an 8-year-old ? mom sues police , city <sec> police used a stun gun on an 8-year-old girl last october in pierre , south dakota .  the girl 's mother is suing the city , the former police chief , and four officers .  former chief said officers may have saved girl 's life by `` tasing '' her when she threatened herself .  lawsuit seeks more than $ 100,000 in damages , plus other compensatio .
 faa orders airplane part replaced after air france crash <sec> new : work `` well under way , '' northwest parent company spokeswoman says .  faa orders u.s. airlines to replace part under suspicion in air france crash .  the devices could be giving false airspeed indications .  northwest and us airways are only u.s. carriers that fly affected plane .
 u.n. : boko haram carries out first known attack in chad <sec> boko haram has carried out its first known deadly attack in chad , u.n. agency says .  the fighters killed four civilians and a soldier , residents and chadian security sources sai .
 as rhetoric heats up , north koreans ready to 'rain bullets on the enemy ' <sec> n. korean veteran : `` i want to rain bullets on the enemy to my heart 's content '' .  s. korea : if north strikes , `` we will respond in a more resolute ... manner '' .  the united states slaps fresh sanctions on north korea .  global tensions heightened after the north reneged on a 60-year-old armistic .
 'toxic stress ' can harm your child ( opinion ) <sec> nadine harris : some kids have `` toxic stress '' and not attention-deficit ( hyperactivity ) disorder .  harris : toxic stress can disrupt a child 's brain development and affect organ systems .  she says parent or caregiver is best shield against effects of toxic stress .  harris : the too small to fail initiative can help parents increase children 's well-bein .
 russia skeptical on syria chemical weapon use , does n't rule out strike <sec> new : an opposition group reports 72 deaths ; state news says `` terrorists '' targeted .  new : syrian official says `` those who lead the aggression '' will pay the price .  russia 's government links a rebel group to march chemical attack in syria .  russian leader says the evidence for a u.n.-backed strike should be undeniabl .
 batman cartoonist jerry robinson dies <sec> `` batman has lost another father , '' batman movie producer michael uslan says .  exec : robinson `` illustrated some of the defining images of pop culture 's greatest icons '' .  robinson claimed creation of the joker , but others dispute his role .  `` i wanted a very strong villain , because i thought that 's going to carry the story , '' robinson sai .
 floods , heat , migration : how extreme weather will transform cities <sec> tropical storm in philippines comes just after report on climate change predicts floods .  climate change refugees are catalyst to urbanization , stretching city capacity .  climate scientists predict how effects of climate change will impact city .  floods , droughts , and `` urban heat islands '' among common characteristic .
 how to dine out without hurting your heart <sec> dietitian : be heart-friendly by asking how things are prepared , making requests .  `` chinese food can be a hidden salt mine , '' another dietitian says .  at steakhouses , portion size can present a challenge .  watch out for `` kewpie , '' or japanese mayonnaise , at sushi restaurant .
 jellyfish , currents cut short cuba-to-florida swim <sec> `` i 've never been in any pain , ever , like that , '' nyad says .  jellyfish stings cut short cuba-to-florida swim .  it was the endurance swimmer 's third attempt to reach florida from cuba .  `` is n't life about determining your own finish line ? '' .  nyad say .
 judge denies 'whitey ' bulger request to merge racketeering cases <sec> a judge appointed j.w . .  carney jr. as bulger 's public defender .  bulger 's arraignment is set for july 6 .  a judge denied a petition to combine two pending racketeering cases .  the judge ruled in favor of a prosecutor 's request to dismiss a lesser indictmen .
 opinion : say 'no ' to extreme work culture <sec> andre spicer : intern 's death casts spotlight on extreme work culture in finance industry .  research shows that long working hours have negative effect on people , spicer says .  he says extreme hours are bad for employees , for communities and even for companies .  spicer : the most productive countries often have the shortest work hour .
 fire kills 20 at disco in indonesia <sec> blaze hits karaoke bar and discotheque in medan , in north sumatra province .  medan hospital official says at least two people survived .  fire official : fire started around 10 p.m. , was extinguished within half-hour ; cause is n't know .
 suge knight out of hospital , back in custody <sec> spokesman : ex-rap mogul back in l.a. county sheriff department 's custody wednesday .  knight was hospitalized for chest pains after not guilty plea on murder charge .  he ran over 2 men after being `` attacked , '' his lawyer says ; victim 's lawyer calls that `` absurd .
 eastern himalayas reveals abundance of new species <sec> over 350 new species discovered by ten year project in eastern himalayas .  world 's smallest deer and a `` flying frog '' among the animals found .  region studied by wwf report covered nepal , china , myanmar , bhutan , indi .
 huge flight disruptions at china airports <sec> authorities shed little light on why hundreds of flights were canceled or delayed yesterday in china .  cctv , state-owned media company , warned that more disruptions should be expected over next few weeks .  china has a reputation of lengthy airport delays , especially in shanghai and beijin .
 u.s. troops accused of damaging babylon 's ancient wonder <sec> u.n. report claims u.s. troops damaged city of babylon during iraq invasion .  camp alpha was built on site of iraq 's historic hanging gardens .  report cites extensive damage to ishtar 's gate , processional way .  united states to pay $ 800,000 to clean babylon sit .
 warm temps are near , punxsutawney phil predicts <sec> punxsutawney phil misses his shadow .  as legend goes , that means an early spring .  last year , he predicted colder temperatures .  georgia groundhog sees more winte .
 readers respond : 5 things you learned from the final debate <sec> debate watchers posted thousands of comments after the final presidential debate .  some posted their own lists after reading cnn 's '5 things we learned ' in monday 's debate .  watch the debate again and add what you learned to the lis .
 obama rallies union supporters on labor day <sec> new : obama challenges congressional republicans to work with him on creating jobs .  republican candidates call for repealing major legislation of obama 's presidency .  president obama pledges to fight for jobs bill and union workers in detroit speech .  gov . .  rick perry withdraws from south carolina forum as texas battles wildfire .
 walker appointee compares union protests to 'holocaust ' <sec> a wisconsin official said rookie lawmakers walked into a `` holocaust '' in madison .  he later told reporters , `` that was a bad word .
 american airlines to fix seats in 48 757s <sec> new : 94 flights canceled so airline can fix the seats problem .  mechanics will work on the planes after they reach their next destination .  the airline says they will focus on the device that locks the seats to the floor .  three american airlines flights experienced loose seats while in the ai .
 'pawn stars ' corey harrison loses 192 lbs <sec> harrison had weight loss surgery in 2010 .  he said fear of diabetes convinced him .  these days he works out five days a wee .
 report : marines slow to get protective vehicles into iraq <sec> report : buying reinforced humvees , not mraps , possibly cost lives .  defense department knew of roadside bomb risk ahead of iraq war , report says .  report : department did n't immediately take available steps to get mraps .  mraps are designed to shield troops from mines and other explosive .
 mexico : knights templar cartel leader detained <sec> police say they arrested the leader of a drug gang in west-central mexico .  the state of michoacan has been the scene of clashes between drug gangs and vigilante .
 karzai declared elected president of afghanistan <sec> new : president obama called for `` new chapter '' of improved governance in afghanistan .  karzai made president following withdrawal of opposition leader abdullah abdullah .  abdullah withdrew sunday , saying he believed the second round would be as fraudulent .  hamid karzai has been president of afghanistan since december 200 .
 'the hunger games : catching fire ' : philip seymour hoffman offered role <sec> oscar-winner philip seymour hoffman has been asked to play plutarch heavensbee .  the internet is still rampant with speculation on who will play finnick odair .  hoffman just ended an acclaimed run in arthur miller 's `` death of a salesman .
 ad showing black boy being fed like dog faces no action <sec> an advert showing a white woman feeding a black boy like a dog has run in south africa .  the ad ends with `` the average domestic dog eats better than millions of children '' .  feed a child withdrew its ad and issued an apology for any offense caused .  the advertising standards authority has since ruled that no formal action needed to be take .
 champions league : barcelona dumped out by atletico , bayern beats man u <sec> atletico madrid defeats barcelona in champions league .  atletico wins 1-0 on the night , 2-1 on aggregate .  reigning champion bayern munich into semifinals .  bayern sees off manchester united 3-1 , 4-2 on aggregat .
 scores killed in afghan fighting <sec> scores of insurgents killed in clashes with afghan and coalition forces .  at least 104 militants dead in fighting near musa qalah wadi , helmand province .  more than 65 taliban insurgents killed tuesday night in uruzgan province .  six-hour battle took place near site of planned ambush last wee .
 north korea 's sharp tongue : five things <sec> north korea conducted a nuclear test in february .  aggressive statements by kim jong un have followed .  some analysts think the declarations are more for his own countr .
