 cnn student news transcript - february 10 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 latinas need voice in abortion debate <sec> silvia henriquez : many latinas outraged over moves they say will restrict abortion coverage .  henriquez : latina support for reproductive rights must stay strong in health care debate .  she says millions of women who have abortion coverage in insurance plans could lose it .  henriquez says abortion is personal issue between a woman , her family and docto .
 '10-10-10 ' : a fast approach to the right decision <sec> suzy welch writes about a fast way for people to make smarter decisions .  welch says her method could have prevented some of financial crisis .  welch says her strategy is a `` shortcut to wisdom '' .  she says she 's not sure what oprah would think of the 10-10-10 approac .
 palin , biden ready to face off in st. louis debate <sec> joe biden , sarah palin to face off in their only debate thursday night .  stakes high for palin , who is said to be eager to prove herself .  biden is political veteran who must avoid embarrassing gaffe .
 opinion : obamacare delay : business wins , the rest of us lose <sec> ford vox says the new delay in employer mandate has made him lose faith in obama 's wisdom .  he says businesses lobbied for delay , but the poorly insured and taxpayers pay the price .  he says move delays penalties , protects profits , for businesses that do n't meet aca regulations .  vox : mortally wounding obamacare before midterm elections helps its opponent .
 cnn student news transcript : january 12 , 2011 <sec> a national conversation builds in the aftermath of an arizona shooting .  the storm system that paralyzed the southeast now threatens the northeast .  haiti is still reeling one year after a devastating earthquake .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 new oil plume evidence uncovered <sec> scientists discover second oil plume .  bp has denied presence of underwater plumes .  scientists worry about oil 's effect on marine lif .
 deadly shelling rocks ukraine city of donetsk <sec> 12 people killed in shelling , says official with pro-separatist city council .  cnn team sees seven bodies ; some die near a food aid handout spo .
 uk 's prince philip admitted to hospital , palace says <sec> new : prince philip is being treated for a recurrence of a bladder infection , palace says .  he was hospitalized for several days in june with the same complaint .  philip was also admitted last christmas for treatment of a blocked coronary artery .  the 91-year-old husband of queen elizabeth ii is at her side for many engagement .
 lagarde warns over three-speed world <sec> imf chief : a three-speed global economy faces risks from a currency crisis in emerging markets .  lagarde : some countries doing well , some on the mend and some still in trouble .  she criticized sequestration under which the u.s. is lopping off $ 85bn from public spendin .
 arshavin hits four as arsenal hold liverpool <sec> andrey arshavin hits four goals as arsenal draw 4-4 at liverpool who go top .  arshavin opened scoring after 36 minutes and added more on 67 , 70 and 90 .  fernando torres and yossi benayoun replied with two goals apiece for red .
 eric garner case : cop 'model officer , ' supporters say <sec> defenders of officer daniel pantaleo say he 's an upstanding former boy scout .  `` he 's a model of what we want a police officer to be , '' a union rep says .  critics say pantaleo should have been indicted and point to lawsuits against hi .
 study : h1n1 virus more severely affects pregnant women <sec> of 45 h1n1 deaths between april 15-june 16 , 13 percent were pregnant women .  pregnant women with swine flu more likely to be hospitalized , federal study says .  authors of study suggest pregnant women with h1n1 take antiviral drugs .  body changes during pregnancy may make these women more vulnerabl .
 obama pokes fun at facebook 's zuckerberg <sec> at a facebook event , president obama repeatedly poked fun at facebook 's founder .  the pair had met before at a dinner for the president and silicon valley elite .  mark zuckerberg praised obama 's efforts in education refor .
 seattle was too nice for me <sec> a long-ago seattle resident returns to the city he deemed `` too nice '' at 18 .  his findings ? .  a lot to make a thirtysomething happy .  outdoor attractions , unique neighborhoods and great food are draw .
 nothing but water : no sign of malaysian airliner despite hopeful lead <sec> new : planes depart australia to resume their search for airplane debris .  new : official : passengers ' relatives are moved to a different kuala lumpur hotel .  objects seen on satellite spark intensive search in southern indian ocean .  u.s. officials : files were deleted from flight simulator 's hard drive after february .
 facebook reveals secrets you have n't shared <sec> computer programs can discern personal details based on facebook use .  cambridge university academics assessed data from 58,000 facebook users .  the techniques could easily be replicated by companies .  some unexpected correlations : people who liked 'curly fries ' had higher iq .
 nsa violated phone rules , misinformed secret court , documents show <sec> newly released documents show the national security agency violated phone-records rules .  papers : nsa also submitted incorrect information to the foreign intelligence surveillance court .  the papers were released to comply with aclu , electronic frontier foundation requests .  the court required the nsa to seek approval to query data until processes were improve .
 joint iraqi-u.s. review begins in wake of blackwater firefight <sec> commission will examine issues `` of safety and security '' related to contractors .  september shootout has sparked criticism , evaluation of military contractors .  blackwater , iraqi officials have starkly different accounts of what happened .  separate bombings in baghdad kill 11 civilians , wound about 1 .
 body found in plane 's landing gear bay in japan <sec> flight left new york 's john f. kennedy airport saturday afternoon .  police believe man froze to death , suffered shortage of oxygen .  dead man had no passport or personal belonging .
 michael brown case : ferguson braces for more protests <sec> two people , including missouri state sen. jamilah nasheed , are detained by police monday night .  protesters have been calling for an officer 's indictment after unarmed teen michael brown was killed .  investigators found brown 's blood on the officer 's gun , uniform and cruiser , sources say .  protester : `` if there is not an indictment , excuse my french , all hell is going to break loose . .
 ridley scott returns to sci-fi with 'prometheus ' <sec> ridley scott 's reputation for capturing a sci-fi story with skill and grandeur precedes him .  it 's been three decades since he last created a film in the genre .  this weekend 's `` prometheus '' is his long-awaited return to the style .  not quite a prequel , `` prometheus '' has the same dna as 1979 's `` alien .
 newcastle relegated after final day defeat <sec> newcastle are relegated from the premier league after 1-0 loss at aston villa .  damien duff 's own goal sees them lose top flight status after 16-year tenure .  middlesbrough also go down following their final day 2-1 defeat at west ham .  hull and sunderland both remain in premier league despite final day defeats .  sunderland manager ricky sbragia announces resignation after final whistl .
 heart transplant patients push physical limits at ironman <sec> cancer survivor and transplant recipient kyle garlett will compete in kona triathlon .  last year , dwight kroening was first person with heart transplant to finish ironman .  the lack of nerves on a donor heart poses an extra challenge for transplant patient .
 newborn dies , mother found dead in crawl space ; woman charged <sec> rescue workers called to korena roberts ' house after report of baby in distress .  roberts told medics she had just delivered baby .  doctors unable to save baby ; then learned roberts had not been pregnant .  authorities later find baby 's mother 's body in crawl space of roberts ' hous .
 4 dead , including gunman , in st. louis factory shooting , police say <sec> new : timothy hendron opened fire on co-workers , turned gun on himself , police say .  three others dead , three critically injured and two in fair condition , officials say .  hendron is part of group of employees who sued company 's retirement plan administrator .
 what do you do about post-election blues ? <sec> supporters of both winners and losers in the 2008 elections may feel let down .  experts : avid followers may feel depression , grief , withdrawal .  some say they 're just ready for the elections to be over .  ireport.com : what does obama 's victory mean to you .
 one of 11 hurt in deadly gulf oil platform blast says : 'i 'm alive ' <sec> new : 1 of 4 who suffered bad burns says , `` my heart and lungs are healthy '' .  new : he 's in fair condition at a baton rouge hospital ; 2 are critical , 1 is serious .  divers found a body on the sea floor of a man who worked on the same gulf of mexico platform .  the cause of friday 's explosion off louisiana 's coast is under investigatio .
 college commencement speakers for 2014 announced <sec> every year , colleges compete for memorable college commencement speakers .  president barack obama spoke about climate change at university of california-irvine .  sean combs , shonda rhimes and jennifer lee spoke at schools they attende .
 24 hours in paris : save time for a smooch in the city of romance <sec> it 's difficult to truly appreciate paris with one eye on your watch , so slow down ! .  wander through its historic areas , still popular with artists and intellectuals .  treat yourself to breakfast at ladurée , end the day with champagn .
 obama accepts gop request to push back speech to congress <sec> new : white house agrees to move speech back one day , to september 8 .  new : white house says it `` welcomes the opportunity '' for a speech that night .  new : speech is `` about the need for urgent action '' on economy , white house says .  obama 's request for september 7 produced outcry over scheduling , notificatio .
 medical examiner : st. louis officer shot teen 7-8 times <sec> medical examiner said the teen was hit seven or eight times .  police : officer fired at least 17 shots , the suspect at least 3 .  the officer was not injured ; a gun was recovered .  protests are planned this weekend in ferguson , st. loui .
 rainforest clash in panama signals larger debate <sec> new trends could open door to reversal in deforestation for tribes .  rural workers are migrating toward city life in search of jobs , u.n. report says .  secondary growth forests are emerging on abandoned farms , cattle ranches .  new : watch ariosto 's interview with cnn.com liv .
 after quake , middle-class haitians wrestle with fall into poverty <sec> after the january haiti quake , ronide baduel had nothing for the first time in her life .  she was educated and well-off , but a natural disaster plunged her to the depths of poverty .  for a while , she stayed in port-au-prince 's biggest slum with her son .  `` it 's more difficult for those who had something before , '' she say .
 djokovic faces nadal in history-making french open final <sec> world no . .  1 novak djokovic will play rafael nadal in sunday 's french open final .  djokovic beat roger federer to keep alive his dream of holding all four grand slams .  nadal thrashed david ferrer to earn a chance at a record seventh paris crown .  the last man to hold to hold all four majors was australian rod laver in 196 .
 alumna sues college because she has n't found a job <sec> monroe college graduate says career office did n't help her with job placement .  she seeks $ 70,000 for tuition and $ 2,000 to compensate for stress .  office shows preferential treatment to students with better grades , she says .  college says it is `` committed to working with all its students .
 jenny sanford 's book to be released early <sec> jenny sanford 's book , `` staying true , '' will hit bookstores on february 5 .  s.c. gov . .  mark sanford admitted having an affair with an argentine woman .  in december , jenny sanford released a statement , saying she was filing for divorc .
 10,000 bc : emmerich 's hardest film yet <sec> emmerich developed obsession with the weather during filming of `` 10,000 bc '' .  film was shot in new zealand 's south island , south africa and namibia .  other challenges include creating film 's 'terror birds ' , shark-like predators .  miniature pyramids , 'god 's palace ' , made in munich then shipped to namibi .
 archery takes aim at pop culture in 2012 <sec> starting with the success of `` the hunger games , '' archery was big in 2012 .  pop culture seemed filled with bow and arrow-wielding heroes from `` brave '' to `` arrow '' .  archery is attracting more interest from kids and teens , according to usa archer .
 u.n. : opium cultivation up in asia 's 'golden triangle ' <sec> opium production in southeast asia 's `` golden triangle '' increases for eighth year .  poppy cultivation in myanmar and laos rose to 63,800 hectares in 2014 .  myanmar accounts for the vast majority of the region 's poppy cultivatio .
 obama can fight isis without bombs ( opinion ) <sec> sally kohn : pro-military hawks are pleased that president obama plans to attack isis .  kohn : military action will not get rid of isis but make the situation worse in iraq , syria .  she offers three reasons why striking isis is a bad idea , and four strong diplomatic solutions .  she says bombing isis will worsen instability in iraq and fuel radical ideology mor .
 the best and worst places to give birth <sec> countries replicate the american way of birth or continue with traditional methods .  99 % of maternal deaths each year occur in developing countries .  the focus on medical birthing procedures may distract from its emotional power .  sweden is a standout birthing countr .
 spokesman : giffords recovering part of her ability to speak <sec> giffords ' therapy includes `` very aggressive speech therapy , '' aide says .  giffords has been able to ask for toast , her spokesman says .  she began speaking sometime before wednesday .  she was shot in the head at a public event january .
 no need to google 'engelberth ' -- she 'll be on the home page <sec> san antonio , texas , 12-year-old wins `` doodle for google '' national contest .  christin engelberth 's work will grace google 's main site for 24 hours thursday .  other prizes : $ 25,000 college scholarship , laptop , tech grant for her school .  when she grows up , she said , she hopes to do `` anything to do with art .
 review : 'halo 4 ' is franchise 's best yet <sec> `` halo 4 '' is a wonderful new addition to a beloved franchise -- and the best `` halo '' yet .  the game was developed by 343 industries , which took over from creators of first four games .  story features emotional interplay between iconic master chief and companion cortan .
 fuel for thought : film strives for energy answers <sec> `` fuel '' examines the energy crisis and what the alternatives to oil are .  director josh tickell spent eleven years making the film .  `` fuel '' won an audience award at the 2008 sundance film festival .  film has inspired an open source free educational tool for students worldwid .
 goldieblox toy company backs down from beastie boys fight <sec> goldieblox removed a parody version of beastie boys ' `` girls '' from ad .  its toys encourage girls to become engineers .  the founder wants to `` disrupt the pink aisle '' and `` get girls building '' .  `` we do n't want to fight with you , '' goldieblox founder tells beastie boy .
 commentary : media 's job is to focus on facts , not rumors <sec> mac , edwards stories point out importance of confronting rumors , martin says .  martin says rules are simple : if you have the facts , run with the story .  martin says journalists should stick to that , no matter what hits the internet .  that 's how journalists keep credibility and integrity , he say .
 all blacks edge france to claim rugby world cup <sec> new zealand win rugby world cup final in auckland .  all blacks beat france 8-7 in tense final at eden park .  prop tony woodcock scored first half try for all blacks .  new zealand winning world cup for only second time in their histor .
 delegates at climate talks agree to extend efforts of kyoto protocol <sec> new : delegates agree to a green climate fund , which would help countries deal with effects of climate change .  new : oxfam says negotiators reached the `` bare minimum deal possible '' in the climate change talks .  the kyoto protocol mandates that industrialized nations cut their greenhouse gas emissions .  it was set to expire in 201 .
 snatching defeat from the jaws of victory : bayern 's pr own goal <sec> germany 's most successful club bayern munich commit the ultimate public relations own goal .  bayern announce a 'spectacular ' new signing only to reveal a facebook gimmick .  their new 'app ' allows users of the social networking site to appear as a new club signing .  over 5,000 people complained and the club were forced into an apolog .
 china holds 'frank ' talks with north korea after satellite announcement <sec> north korea 's announcement of a satellite launch has provoked alarm .  china says it held 'frank ' talks with pyongyang on the situation in the region .  japan says it is considering destroying the launch rocket , if it poses a ris .
 elson kambalu : malawi 's one-man artistic force du jour <sec> elson kambalu is a malawian abstract artist .  as well as being a prolific local artist , he has tried to foster the country 's artistic landscape .  at 31 , he founded art house africa , a collective bringing artists and clients together .  he has also opened a children 's art studio and art journal to inspire his fellow countryme .
 ghosts be here ? a mystery writer 's guide to the cornish coast <sec> with retro carriages , the night riviera sleeper is one of britain 's last intercity cabin trains .  south west coast path is one of the world 's most spectacular ocean-side hikes .  despite its comedic name , author catharine amy dawson scott described booby 's bay as `` somewhat eerie .
 historic thaw in u.s. , cuba standoff <sec> president barack obama announced on wednesday plans to normalize diplomatic relations with cuba .  the move will ease economic and travel restrictions with the island nation .  cuban president raul castro hailed the mov .
 egyptian authorities prepare for new round of negotiations with americans ' kidnapper <sec> new : the captives are `` are unharmed and well fed , '' an egyptian official says .  new : son says no contact with father since friday 's abduction .  security official : bedouin kidnappers want the release of a relative held on drug charges .  kidnappings and robberies are up since longtime dictator hosni mubarak was ousted last yea .
 made in africa : bamboo bikes put zambian business on right track <sec> zambikes is a zambia-based company producing bamboo bicycles .  other products include bicycle ambulances that help carry patients to clinics .  the company says it want to help zambia address its social and economic needs .  it provides jobs and skills training to the `` uneducated and underprivileged .
 dramatic video shows 'near miss ' at barcelona airport <sec> video shows boeing 767 of russian airline utair pulling up from approach as aircraft crosses its path .  barcelona aviation official says aircraft were not in danger but officials confirm investigation under way .  aviation analyst miles o'brien says air crew on ground should have checked their way was clea .
 cnn student news transcript : june 2 , 2010 <sec> investigate varying perspectives about an israeli raid on an aid flotilla .  envision how a gulf hurricane could significantly worsen an oily disaster .  take a seat at a school that 's sending every one of its seniors to college .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 chinese dissident wins nobel peace prize <sec> wife : `` i 've never dreamed about this '' .  his lawyer worries the win may mean a longer prison term .  cnn is blacked out in china as the winner is announced .  liu xiaobo is serving an 11-year prison ter .
 2 killed , 48 others hurt as russian plane skids off moscow runway <sec> all three engines of the plane failed , russian official says .  the plane took off and landed in moscow .  155 people were aboard the dagestan airlines fligh .
 tarantino , abrams among directors trying to save kodak <sec> digital video has overtaken film-based shooting .  the directors are trying to get studio heads to negotiate with kodak .  one studio head called it a `` financial commitment .
 muralist replaces sandusky image ; penn state looks to cases ahead <sec> the image of jerry sandusky has been replaced on a renowned bookstore mural .  the artist put a picture of an advocate for sexual abuse victims in place of sandusky 's .  the university says the student section of beaver stadium is sold out for football season .  sandusky sentence could come just as the first post-paterno football season gets under wa .
 four more arrests made over dutch linesman death <sec> eight people now in custody over the death of dutch volunteer soccer official .  two 16-year-olds , a 17-year-old as well as a 50-year-old man arrested on tuesday .  dutch police appeal for anyone with photos or video recordings of the attack to come forward .  richard nieuwenhuizen , 41 , died after being beaten following an amateur matc .
