 rubio missed the year of the woman <sec> lz granderson : rubio one of 22 male gop senators to vote no on violence against women act .  granderson : just as rubio was to show new face of gop , he cast a vote that 's the old face .  rubio 's reasons were absurd , he says , in light of a bill that really works to protect women .  act 's funding 17 % less than in 2005 , he says . .  how could a women-friendly gop say no .
 lynette 'squeaky ' fromme released from prison <sec> fromme was convicted in 1975 of pointing a gun at then-president ford .  she was in the federal medical center carswell in fort worth , texas .  fromme , 60 , released on parole friday mornin .
 activist : blood can run , but syrian people wo n't back down <sec> syrian protester 's father was political prisoner when she was a girl .  she was arrested during uprising , detained in same jail where he was held .  catherine al-talli : bloodshed wo n't deter protesters demanding regime 's end .  un : death toll has exceeded 4,000 , including hundreds of childre .
 washington state killer captured after field-trip escape <sec> phillip paul recaptured sunday in goldendale , washington , authorities say .  paul duped someone into driving him 250 miles from escape site .  paul planned escape for at least several months , police say .  legally insane killer escaped thursday during hospital field trip to fai .
 teams may take control of f1 , reveals ferrari chief <sec> ferrari president says f1 needs to take a new direction when rights deal expires .  luca di montezemolo hints that teams may not renew agreement with cvc .  he points to example of nba , which is run by the basketball competition 's franchises .  italian says ferrari would pull out of f1 if it develops in the wrong directio .
 godolphin trainer charged over doping breaches <sec> godolphin trainer mahmood al zarooni charged with multiple breaches of horse racing rules .  he will face a british horseracing authority hearing in london on thursday .  evidence from al zarooni revealed 15 horses were given anabolic steroids .  al zarooni could be sanctioned with hefty fines and a possible ban from the spor .
 nearly half a million enroll in obamacare coverage in first week <sec> nearly half a million americans chose plans on healthcare.gov in the first week of 2015 open enrollment .  over 1 million americans submitted applications for coverage .  facing new scrutiny over the law , hhs will put out weekly summaries of enrollment dat .
 scammers create fake donation websites for sandy victims <sec> some 1,000 sites with `` sandy '' or `` relief '' were registered before the storm .  a watchdog group says it 's unclear who is behind the domains .  the fbi warned about scam artists in the wake of devastating storms .  70 % of americans do not check to find out where their donation money goes , the bbb say .
 obamas take boat tour on florida panhandle trip <sec> first couple and younger daughter sasha watch porpoises off panama city .  obama 's visit was aimed at boosting gulf coast recovery .  alabama mayor hopes to salvage `` a good portion '' of tourist season .  the ruptured well was shut in a month ag .
 california district hires firm to monitor students ' social media <sec> glendale , california , schools hire a firm to monitor students ' public posts on social media .  geo listening will follow 14,000 middle and high school students aged 13 and over .  critics say the project is like government stalking kids ' social media .  superintendent says student safety is impetus , saying one suicidal student was save .
 azarenka maintains 2012 winning streak <sec> women 's no.1 victoria azarenka moves through to the third round of the miami masters .  azarenka beats michaella krajicek in straight sets to win her 24th match in a row in 2012 .  andy murray , jo-wilfried tsonga and janko tipsarevic all go through in the men 's sectio .
 mckayla maroney 's second act <sec> mckayla maroney snagged an appearance on the cw 's `` hart of dixie '' .  the gymnast says she 's `` always wanted to be an actress '' .  she assures fans she 's not cutting her gymnastics career short for actin .
 lost emperor penguin found full of sand in new zealand recovering <sec> new zealanders spot an emperor penguin 3,000 kilometers from its habitat .  it 's possible the bird mistook or tried to substitute the sand for snow or ice .  the penguin is dubbed `` happy feet '' by locals , but a zoo steers clear of naming i .
 ambien found in kerry kennedy 's blood after crash <sec> kerry kennedy was involved in a crash early in the morning of july 13 .  she told police at the scene that she might have taken a sleeping aid .  she has pleaded not guilty to charges of driving while impaire .
 jebali vows to press on with plans for caretaker government in tunisia <sec> new : `` the government , i feel , is backed by a lot of people , '' jebali says .  his party has not yet decided whether to accept jebali 's edict .  protesters clash with security forces along the route of the funeral procession .  belaid 's widow and others say the government allowed a climate of political violenc .
 congress still gets paid -- it 's in the constitution <sec> new : some in congress say they 're planning on giving their pay to charity during shutdown .  thousands of federal workers have been furloughed and will lose pay in the shutdown .  members of congress will still get paid , as mandated by the 27th amendment .  some lawmakers say they will give their paychecks to the treasury or to charit .
 odd facts about nobel prize winners <sec> more than one nobel winner had to share or give prize money to ex-wife .  marie curie was urged not to collect her second nobel because of affair .  three u.s. presidents have won the nobel prize .  lise meitner was reportedly nominated for the nobel prize 13 times , but never wo .
 discord drives somalis to yemen in record numbers <sec> agency attributes surging number of refugees in yemen to unrest in somalia .  more than 15,000 refugees have come to port city of aden since january .  new routes across the red sea to yemen also contributing to increas .
 wounded veterans say fraternity boys disrespected them <sec> the executive director of zeta beta tau fraternity apologizes for `` ugly and unacceptable behavior '' .  university of florida and emory university fraternity members are being investigated .  wounded veterans , fraternity members stayed at the same resort at panama city beach , florid .
 how vaccines save lives , grow economies <sec> `` vaccines the cornerstone of a vibrant economy , '' says seth berkley .  healthier children attend school more and are more productive as adults .  gavi alliance aims to increas access to immunization in developing countries .  private sector providing business skills to tackle obstacles to immunization , says berkle .
 eastern europe scrambles to deal with brutal winter <sec> snowmobiles finally able to reach bosnian village .  at least 250 people have died across europe due to the cold weather .  more snow is forecast to blanket the southeast , where many roads are already closed .  temperatures thoughout europe are significantly lower than average for winte .
 mom : texas shooter had mental health issues <sec> new : the gunman apologized as he lay dying , a medic and witness says .  police : thomas caffall was the gunman who killed two and injured four .  he was fatally shot by police in college station , texas .  among the victims was brian bachmann , a highly regarded law enforcement office .
 youths shot during mali protest , witnesses say <sec> a witness says tuareg rebels fired on protesters as they marched toward their hq .  the northern town of gao is held by the tuareg rebels and an islamist group .  mali was thrown into chaos by a military coup in marc .
 i went from heroin addict to pta mom <sec> tracey helton mitchell says her drug addiction spiraled after she was given painkillers .  she says she wound up homeless in san francisco 's tenderloin district .  the underlying cause of addiction can be painful to confront , she says .  `` there are many roads to recovery , '' mitchell write .
 yemeni girl , 15 , 'burned to death by father ' <sec> a 35-year-old man was arrested in taiz province over the death of his daughter .  the case is once again highlighting the plight of young girls in yemen .  rights group : more than half of brides in yemen are aged under 18 .  `` most incidents ... take place in rural areas where tribal law is applied .
 sinead o'connor calls off divorce after night of 'love making ' <sec> sinead o'connor said they had split last week due to a conflict with barry herridge 's family .  `` spent a beautiful evening of love making with none other than my husband , '' the rocker wrote .  `` we decided to be boyfriend and girlfriend again and stay married , '' she sai .
 zimbabwe 's power-sharing deal takes tentative step forward <sec> amendment paves way for power-sharing deal after violence disturbed election .  president robert mugabe , mdc leader morgan tsvangirai signed deal in july .  amendment describes prime minister post intended for opposition leader tsvangirai .  parliament must approve amendment before mugabe can sign it into effec .
 politician , punch line , president , and the land he left us <sec> `` nixonland '' is rick perlstein 's history of the '60s and early '70s .  central character is richard nixon , who exploited era 's tensions for his ends .  book shows how politics and pop culture intertwined -- and created gaps .  end result ? .  we 're still living in nixonland , author say .
 israeli president shimon peres : hezbollah is 'main killer ' in syria <sec> israeli president shimon peres says hezbollah responsible for much syrian carnage .  he says the deal to curb iran 's nuclear program is crucial .  despite tensions , he says he would still be prepared to meet with rouhan .
 bringing the census into the internet age <sec> critics say the u.s. census bureau should adapt to the internet age .  canada gives residents the option of submitting forms online ; the u.s. does n't .  others urge the bureau to use smartphones in data collectio .
 america reacts to the eric garner case <sec> athletes and celebrities , med students and congressional staffers react to garner case .  a spate of controversial police slayings of unarmed black men served as protest catalyst .  garner 's chokehold death at hands of police resonates with whites and nonwhites alik .
 barca coach guardiola wary after weekend defeat <sec> barcelona coach pep guardiola warns his team to be on their guard against real madrid .  barca lead 2-0 from first leg but both teams lost league matches at the weekend .  real ' pepe and sergio ramos will be banned for the return in the nou cam .
 how to leave a strong afghanistan <sec> jeremi suri : when we leave afghanistan , 10 years of progress could be lost .  suri : we must not hand over power to a strongman , like karzai , which discredits u.s . .  we must insist pakistan fights extremism within its borders and without , suri writes .  we must invest in institutions , public works , he says , and especially school .
 obama in tanzania , sees africa as next global economic success <sec> new : president barack obama meets with business leaders , including u.s. ceos .  new : obama sees opportunity for africa and says the u.s. wants to be its partner .  obama will attend an embassy attack commemoration with george w. bush on tuesday .  tanzania welcomes obama , temporarily renames street obama avenu .
 russian lawmaker calls for investigation into spy ring leak <sec> a russian lawmaker wants a commission to analyze how a top official leaked the information .  the lawmaker confirms a report naming a top intelligence officer as the u.s. source .  the officer gave the u.s. information on the spy ring , and fled russia , the newspaper says .  the newspaper article alleges the colonel 's information is what led to the spy ring bus .
 ted kennedy memorialized by family , friends <sec> joseph kennedy : `` he had such a big heart , and he shared that heart with all of us '' .  family celebrates senator 's life with `` music , laughter and stories '' .  sen. chris dodd sums up kennedy with , `` people liked him '' .  gop sen. orrin hatch says he grew to love `` the man i came to fight .
 man wrongly imprisoned for decades now free <sec> joseph sledge spent more than three decades behind bars .  dna evidence , recanted testimony leads to his exoneratio .
 no voting sticker ? no problem ! <sec> cnn asked readers to share photos of themselves with their voting stickers .  readers wore their stickers or held them up in front of pets and inanimate objects .  some ireporters had to improvise to show that they had vote .
 fiji beat south africa in japan sevens final <sec> fiji notch up second win of 2013/14 world sevens series .  captain osea kolinisau leads fiji to 33-26 victory over south africa .  england beat new zealand in third/fourth playoff .  fiji start defense of hong kong sevens title on march 2 .
 cable departs from hulu model with 'tv everywhere ' <sec> comcast and time warner will give cable subscribers online access to tv content .  program is called tv everywhere and will begin testing next month .  tv everywhere represents alternative -- and possible threat -- to popular hulu model .  some of time warner 's content will remain on hulu.co .
 uefa confirm busacca as rome final referee <sec> massimo busacca selected to referee champions league final on wednesday .  40-year-old swiss will be accompanied by team of three compatriots in rome .  busacca refereed the 2007 uefa cup final and one of euro 2008 semifinals .  rome authorities enforce a blanket ban on the sale of alcohol before the fina .
 cnn student news one-sheet : electoral college <sec> use this information to learn about the electoral colleg .
 rap mogul suge knight pleads not guilty to murder <sec> former rap mogul marion `` suge '' knight is accused of murder in a videotaped hit-and-run .  judge declines to reduce his bail from $ 10 millio .
 why annexing crimea may prove costly for russia <sec> crimea is entirely integrated into ukraine 's mainland economy and infrastructure .  the peninsula only produces one-tenth of the energy it consumes .  if the region becomes part of russia , moscow will have to invest heavily in the regio .
 late pope john paul ii to get sainthood , vatican says <sec> pope john paul ii will be declared a saint .  pope john xxiii also achieved sainthood .  john paul ii was the third-longest serving pope in histor .
 why clowns keep scaring us ( opinion ) <sec> reports of clown attacks in france have made headlines .  clowns have often been seen as on society 's margins , says andrew stott .  golden age of clowns has passed , he say .
 sean edwards killed in australian crash <sec> sean edwards was one of britain 's most promising racing drivers .  the 26-year-old was killed following a crash at queensland raceway .  driver was the son of ex-formula one racer guy edwards .  tributes pour in from across the racing worl .
 six things you should n't find in the desert <sec> dubai miracle garden boasts around 45 million flowers in bloom .  `` dirty '' methods used to keep emirate golf greens immaculate .  a ski resort -- in dubai ? .  with penguins ? .  and can a desert run be called fun .
 computer hacking : from teen prank to high-stakes crime <sec> the concept of `` hacking '' began nearly 50 years ago at mit .  in the '80s , hackers wanted to make technology work better .  the story of '80s teen hackers busted by the fbi is featured on cnn.com/shortfilm .
 summertime a hot time for usa network <sec> new series `` common law '' is set to kick off usa network 's 2012 summer line-up .  usa 's original series are often character-driven comedy-dramas set in beautiful locations .  bill mcgoldrick , the executive vp of programming , said they are picking up edgier show .
 expelled lesbian student accepted at another school <sec> christian minard was expelled from southwestern christian university .  she was told her marriage to another woman conflicted with the school 's `` lifestyle covenant '' .  another university in oklahoma has now accepted minard for fall classes .  minard says she learned a vital lesson : `` to always stand up for what you believe in .
 world 's first cyborg wants to hack your body <sec> neil harbisson is the world 's first legally recognized cyborg .  the 32-year-old was born with an illness that makes him completely colorblind .  he has a device implanted in his skull which translates color into sound .  but not everyone is ready to accept the rise of the cyborg.. .
 wonder horse california chrome seeks 'hollywood ' ending to historic year <sec> california chrome aiming to end historic year in style at hollywood derby on saturday .  trainer art sherman hopes a win can clinch top u.s. thoroughbred award .  the chestnut colt has won three grade 1 races during 2014 including the kentucky derby .  three-year-old narrowly missed out on triple crown after placing fourth in belmont stake .
 opinion : root for the postal service to survive <sec> bob greene : delivering letters seems from another time in age of text messages , e-mails .  postal service needs to raise the cost of a stamp because of declining income .  greene : yet , what private company would take a letter across country for 49 cents ? .  greene : if postal service did n't exist , what would effect be on ups , fedex .
 loyola 's most famous alum wears his newhart on his sleeve <sec> saturday marks 50 years since loyola university chicago won the 1963 ncaa championship .  surviving teammates would like to see the ramblers in the basketball hall of fame .  no illinois university has won the ncaa men 's crown since .  loyola alum bob newhart : i pray loyola does n't try to deny that i went to school ther .
 in case you missed it : north korea 's threats , clinton 's testimony and more <sec> this week , secretary of state hillary clinton was grilled on the benghazi terrorist attack .  north korea responded to expanded u.n. sanctions by issuing more threats .  israel 's election results were n't exactly what the experts were predicting .  syria 's civil war has prompted nearly 700,000 people to flee to neighboring countrie .
 judge postpones liability trial in bp gulf oil spill <sec> the liability trial in the 2010 bp oil spill is moved to january , a judge orders .  the trial had been scheduled for november .  bp had asked for a delay as the court reviews a class-action settlement .  11 workers died and oil spewed for almost three months in the deepwater horizon rig explosio .
 raonic reaches first clay quarterfinal <sec> fifth seed milos raonic sets up quarterfinal against french no . .  4 gilles simon .  canadian , ranked 27th , is the second-youngest player currently in the world 's top-100 .  second seed viktor troicki crashes out in second round of serbia open .  top three players eliminated in quarterfinals of women 's event in portuga .
 putting the pride back into psg : qatari owners aim to be world 's best <sec> paris saint-germain president tells cnn he wants to make club biggest in the world .  nasser al-khelaifi in charge of running club after sheikh tamim bin hamad al thani 's takeover .  psg are coached by former ac milan boss carlo ancelotti and are second in french league .  al-khelaifi says it is the aim of psg 's owner to attract the best players in the worl .
 former klansman who apologized for racist past dies <sec> elwin wilson apologized for beating rep. john lewis at a bus station some 50 years ago .  he died thursday at a hospital in south carolina .  wilson is survived by his wife , a son , two grandchildren and a great-grandchil .
 source : daughter of cuban vice president living in u.s . <sec> daughter of cuban vice president reported to be living in u.s . .  glenda murillo has been staying with relatives in tampa , florida .  her father is in charge of economic reform .
 cnn student news - february 5 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 founder of university of phoenix john sperling dies <sec> new : no cause of death has been given .  new : he is survived by his longtime companion , former wife , son and two grandchildren .  john sperling was 93 years old ; he died on friday , website says .  statement : sperling made higher education accessible for working adult student .
 jailbreaking your iphone ? change your passwords <sec> if you jailbreak your iphone , it is more susceptible to hackers .  changing the default password on your iphone is complicated , but worth the security .  the default root and default mobile user account passwords are the same on every phon .
