 experts : pirates abducted english tourist , hold her in somalia <sec> new : a kenyan man is charged in connection with the attacks .  judith tebbutt was taken from a kenyan lodge earlier this month .  officials believe she is being held in a remote corner of somalia .  analyst believes this is the work of somali pirate .
 vehicle flips , 7 die near bronx zoo <sec> new : the dead include three children , ages 10 , 7 and 3 , police say .  a 45-year-old woman was driving .  all the victims were wearing seat belts .  the vehicle landed in part of the bronx zoo , a zoo official say .
 nigeria abductions : 6 reasons why the world should care <sec> the girls were kidnapped from school more than 3 weeks ago .  the militant group boko haram claims responsibility for the mass abduction .  `` allah says i should sell '' the girls , the boko haram leader says .  advocate : we need to treat this like it happened in the united state .
 dogfighting a booming business , experts say <sec> humane society estimates 40,000 `` professional '' dog fighters in u.s . .  official says there could be an additional 100,000 `` street '' dog fighters .  purses at top-level dogfights may be $ 100,000 .  dogfighting a felony in 48 states , a misdemeanor in idaho and wyomin .
 syrian president sacks governor of restive province <sec> new : human rights watch documents recent deadly violence in homs .  hama is the scene of a bloody crackdown in 1982 .  hama 's governor is the third to be discharged since the unrest started .  at least 24 people were killed in syria during friday demonstration .
 video game 's user content spawns naughty web 'sporn ' <sec> creature creator allows gamers to design characters for new `` spore '' game .  some users have created sexual creatures , now known as `` sporn '' .  `` spore '' maker ea is banning those who continue to upload offensive creations .  one sporn creator : `` i do n't think there 's anything perverted , vile or awful about it .
 africa cup of nations : tenacious tunisia deny zambia <sec> tunisia stage a late comeback to defeat zambia 2-1 in the africa cup of nations .  ahmed akaichi and captain yassine chikhaoui find the net for tunisia .  congo dr and cape verde draw to keep group b qualification hopes aliv .
 boko haram engaged in talks over kidnapped girls <sec> residents say boko haram launched a fatal market attack this week .  the icrc and nigerian government are involved in the talks .  the talks involve a swap of imprisoned group members for kidnapped school girls .  an estimated 276 girls were kidnapped from a nigerian school in apri .
 2 children beheaded by militants , afghan authorities say <sec> the reported beheadings occurred in kandahar province .  the taliban has launched a spring offensive .  a coalition soldier was killed in a bombing in eastern afghanistan .  seven people who staged an attack in kabul have been kille .
 brain scans 'provide clue to leadership skills ' <sec> researcher says he can spot a good leader just by scanning their brain .  pierre balthazard is a business professor who uses neuroscientific methods .  there is no correlation between intelligence and leadership , he says .  he hopes to improve people 's leadership by working on brain functio .
 honduran congress votes against ousted president <sec> 111 of 128 lawmakers vote against reinstating ousted leader jose manuel zelaya .  vote part of u.s.-brokered pact between zelaya , de facto president roberto micheletti .  zelaya was removed as president in june 28 military-backed coup .  hondurans elected a new president , porfirio lobo sosa , on sunda .
 officials : 10 killed after plane slams into bus in ghana <sec> new : all 10 on the bus died and the plane 's crew are at hospitals , an official says .  new : the plane `` shot the runway , broke through a fence '' and hit the bus , she adds .  ghana aviation sources suspect brake failure may have contributed to the cras .
 courthouse guards accepted gifts during roger clemens trial , feds say <sec> courthouse guards face possible punishment from their employer for accepting gifts .  roger clemens ' defense team sent autographed baseballs to guards .  clemens ' federal case leads to mistrial ; he may face a re-tria .
 turkey appoints new military chiefs <sec> turkey names four new top commanders .  the previous top four quit last week .  military council extends tenure of officers jailed on coup charge .
 33 dead in train-bus collision in northern india <sec> another 17 people were injured in the wreck , which occurred in uttar pradesh state .  the crash occurred at 2 a.m. thursda .
 pope 's preacher apologizes for anti-semitism remark <sec> pope 's preacher compared fury over church sex abuse to anti-semitism .  rev . .  raniero cantalamessa : `` i 'm truly sorry and ask forgiveness '' .  cantalamessa says pope benedict did n't know of remarks beforehand .  pope did n't mention sex abuse scandal in traditional easter messag .
 sars 10 years on : is travel industry prepared for next epidemic ? <sec> the world is better prepared for a similar outbreak than in 2003 .  airplane manufacturers are putting more emphasis on inflight air quality .  global response plan and advanced technology for disease tracking .  reality is sars and similar viruses still scar .
 formula for success : how f1 built a billion dollar business <sec> formula one group has more than doubled revenues over past decade .  over $ 1.5 billion was generated in 2011 with revenues expected to rise further .  fees charged to promoters of asia races and tv rights money has been key to rapid growth .  top teams ( ferrari , mclaren and red bull ) in good financial health but smaller teams strugglin .
 train derailment kills 1 and hurts 40 in italy <sec> a 71-year-old man is killed when a train derails near naples .  it critically injured one person .  it caused less serious injuries to about 40 peopl .
 real 's mourinho on course for date with destiny <sec> real madrid cruises to 3-0 win over galatasaray .  cristiano ronaldo on target for spanish side in first leg victory .  malaga and dortmund finish goalless in opening game .  german side wasted a number of glorious chance .
 opinion : unleash the world 's entrepreneurial geniuses <sec> beverly schwartz : entrepreneurship is an important key to the world 's economies .  she says a draft u.n. resolution asks countries to remove barriers to local business .  schwartz : entrepreneurship reduces poverty , helps environment , spurs growt .
 art that calls the fiscal cliff 's bluff <sec> van jones : after newtown , it is hard to stomach an artificial crisis like the fiscal cliff .  jones : artists ' works expose fiscal cliff as a bluff to cut essential programs .  jones : we need a return to higher taxes , lower defense spending of clinton years .  listen to artists , he says . .  they are in the forefront of many social movement .
 ally of pakistani prime minister sharif chosen as president <sec> mamnoon hussain is a well-known businessman from karachi .  he would take over the largely ceremonial presidency from asif ali zardari .  hussain is an ally of prime minister nawaz shari .
 man shot and killed by st. louis police <sec> authorities say the young african-american man brandished a knife .  he allegedly told responding officers : `` shoot me now . .  kill me now '' .  the shooting took place not far from ferguson , missour .
 arrest in 'sextortion ' case involving miss teen usa cassidy wolf <sec> new : lawyer says abrahams is autistic , expressed family 's `` profound regret '' .  authorities say he hijacked webcams , took photos , threatened to expose women .  one of his alleged victims was cassidy wolf , who is now miss teen usa .  fbi : suspect released on bond , can use computer for school onl .
 hackers and kitty ears a wake-up call to ces <sec> the consumer electronics show is under way this week in las vegas .  the massive trade show attracts around 150,000 attendees .  keen says the event `` has little 21st century innovation .
 ipad name draws feminine hygiene jokes <sec> new apple product called the `` ipad '' is mocked online .  bloggers say the computer sounds like a feminine hygiene product .  tech writers say they expect the jokes to simmer down soon .  columnist : ipad could be called a `` mangled baby duck '' and it would still sel .
 software saves trees , cash and headaches , says creator <sec> software prevents computers from printing unnecessary pages from internet .  it might save millions of trees , millions of pounds of pollution , creator says .  at 6½ cents a page , one user saved enough to pay for software in one day .  world bank member and fortune 500 companies are also testing i .
 cat on the loose in france is n't a tiger after all , police say <sec> feline on the loose in france is n't a tiger after all , authorities say .  residents should still use caution , according to police .  `` i think it 's more afraid than dangerous , '' resident say .
 apparently this matters : chicks dig skinny guys <sec> `` apparently this matters '' is cnn tech 's weekly , offbeat look at the social web .  this week , jarrett ponders a popular study saying women prefer skinny men .  or , at least women in latvia -- that 's where the study was conducted .  science says it boils down to immune systems -- not jeans short .
 ex-girlfriend : dorner was stressed out , bottled up <sec> arianna williams says hearing dorner was a murder suspect was `` sort of expected '' .  he worked in a pressure cooker , she says , and `` the stress could probably wear on you '' .  he bottled up a lot of his emotions , she say .
 lawyer : husband of missing texas woman has 'watertight alibi ' <sec> julie ann gonzalez has been missing since march 26 .  austin police consider estranged husband , george de la cruz , as `` person of interest '' .  de la cruz 's lawyer says there 's `` an innocent explanation for everything .
 opinion : world is not ready for google 'right to be forgotten ' decision <sec> index on censorship 's jodie ginsberg argues the `` right to be forgotten '' decision is too woolly .  the decision , she writes , did not come with enough checks and it needs to be stayed .  she says we should be worried about the ability for public figures of the future to whitewash their histor .
 opinion : did jesus really rise from the dead ? <sec> jay parini : easter is christians ' most powerful day . .  people vary on how literal resurrection is .  the gospel writings about this are unclear on what happened . .  they skip that part , he says .  he says in post-resurrection accounts jesus appears , but he is not recognizable .  parini : differing accounts suggest much was rumor . .  but easter rebirth message endure .
 guardiola 's secret weapon ? a water polo player <sec> josep guardiola unveiled as coach of bayern munich .  former barcelona coach takes over from jupp heynckes .  guardiola won 14 trophies in four years as barca coach between 2008 and 2012 .  his first game competitive game will be against borussia monchengladbac .
 trial for accused colo. movie theater shooter delayed <sec> judge says he had 'little choice ' but to give more time for exam .  trial of accused aurora theater shooter james holmes is delayed .  judge grants request for more time to complete second sanity examination .  holmes is accused of killing 12 people in mass shootin .
 chileans rally in capital to demand better education policies <sec> cnn chile shows some clashes between protesters and police .  organizers say marches are necessary to force government reforms .  chile 's education minister urges prudence and criticizes violenc .
 no takers for michael vick 's georgia mansion <sec> no one submitted minimum $ 3.2 million bid for michael vick 's mansion .  vick , former quarterback of the atlanta falcons , is in prison .  he was convicted last year in connection with dogfighting operation .  mansion in duluth , georgia , has eight bedrooms , 11 bathroom .
 10 voyages that changed the world <sec> the pilgrims ' voyage on the mayflower to plymouth rock in 1620 .  charles darwin 's evolutionary discoveries on the hms beagle in 1831 .  hugo vihlen 's `` micro-yacht '' crossing of the atlantic in 199 .
 man refuses surgery , drops 270 pounds <sec> bryan ganey suddenly could n't breathe and collapsed in a parking lot .  he refused weight loss surgery because he never wanted to return to the hospital .  ganey dropped 130 pounds in the first six months , then 140 more over a yea .
 capello resigns as england manager <sec> fabio capello resigns as england national team manager with immediate effect .  the news comes following a meeting with english fa chairman david bernstein .  capello openly criticized the decision to strip john terry of the england captaincy .  the decision comes on the day harry redknapp is acquitted of tax evasion charge .
 opinion : sarah palin follows the donald trump method <sec> james moore : sarah palin 's revival on the tea party stage increases her brand recognition .  moore : she 's a marketing machine , taking every opportunity to raise her profile .  moore : palin promotes tea party candidates in safe districts , never runs for office .  he says her re-emergence comes just before release of her book defending christma .
 former surgeon general c. everett koop dies at age 96 <sec> he is best known for his work on hiv/aids and tobacco .  koop served as surgeon general in the 1980s under two presidents .  he was surgeon-in-chief at children 's hospital of philadelphia .  koop is survived by his wife , three children and eight grandchildre .
 black alumnus 'devastated ' by fraternity 's racism <sec> william bruce james ii was in oklahoma 's sigma alpha epsilon chapter from 2001 to 2005 .  he 's disgusted by the racist chant tied to the frat ; `` the whole house needs to be punished '' .  while those involved are `` not my brothers , '' james calls his former frat brothers `` family .
 report : london olympics parachutist mark sutton dies in switzerland <sec> new : british parachute association is saddened by news of the death of a member .  swiss police say a 42-year-old british man died after jumping in a wingsuit .  uk media name him as mark sutton , who jumped at the london olympics opening ceremony .  police say the man hit a cliff after jumping from a helicopter in the alp .
 border rules revised on search , seizure of electronics , digital files <sec> new policy attempts to address travelers ' complaints about privacy at borders .  travelers given right to be `` present in room , '' but not necessarily view searches .  homeland security : new rules `` enhance transparency , accountability .
 state department official arrested <sec> police : daniel rosen had been talking online to a female detective posing as a minor .  state department : the employee 's security clearance will be suspende .
 germanwings plane crash : co-pilot acted deliberately <sec> transponder data indicates someone inside the cockpit programmed plane 's descent .  lufthansa ceo says his company is `` speechless that this aircraft has been deliberately crashed by the co-pilot '' .  investigators say they 're baffled as to wh .
 welcome to pioz : snowy mountains , castles and a whole lot of debt <sec> pioz is saddled with €16 million of debt , making it spain 's most indebted town .  today , only 3,500 people live in housing estates designed for 25,000 .  the country 's property boom went bust in 2007 , and now 20 % of spanish homes lie empty .  the banking sector has €186 billion-worth of troubled real estate assets on its book .
 judge orders morning-after pill available without prescription <sec> new : justice department `` reviewing the appellate options , '' spokeswoman says .  morning-after pill ordered to be available for people of all ages .  judge 's order overturns health and human services secretary kathleen sebelius ' decisio .
 venice to ban wheeled suitcases <sec> venice authorities say wheeled suitcases are a noise nuisance and cause damage to historic streets .  new laws restricting use of wheeled luggage will affect many of 27 million annual tourists .  those flouting the restrictions could be fined up to 500 euro .
 guardiola 's bayern frustrated by late freiburg leveler <sec> bayern munich held at sc freiburg in bundeslia .  nicolas hofler scores equalizer to deny bavarian giants in 1-1 draw .  bayern play chelsea in european super cup frida .
 possible north korean nuclear test looms over obama 's south korea visit <sec> south korean president calls obama 's visit a 'strong message ' to the north .  north korea takes final step needed for nuclear test .  south korean official delivers the news as president obama arrives in seoul .  capsizing of ferry that so far has killed 180 people , will overshadow his visit to s. kore .
 alicia keys is expecting a baby <sec> it will be the first child for keys , 29 .  producer swizz beatz is the dad .  couple will marry this year .  due date not disclose .
 how to keep web copyright infringers honest <sec> jill lesser : earlier op-ed imputed sinister intent to a new copyright alert system ; there is none . .  she says the coalition of isp 's , media companies wants to deter copyright infringers .  she says it wo n't share your personal info , it 's trying to educate consumers .  lesser : aim is to let consumers know what is ok and not ok to just take from the interne .
 hello kitty restaurant is terribly cute and its food is just terrible <sec> hello kitty 's likeness decorates most surfaces , down to carrots imprinted with her face .  the restaurant is a popular place for men to propose , and so far , all the women have said yes .  it appears hello kitty fans do n't come for the foo .
 opinion : 50 years later , civil rights struggle is far from over <sec> this month marks 50th anniversary of the march on washington .  jfk grandson jack schlossberg says supreme court wrong on voting rights act .  he says the ruling in june struck down vital protection for the right to vote .  schlossberg : use 50th anniversary to recommit to protect voting right .
 opinion : hillary clinton is no mitt romney <sec> paul begala : democrats have tradition of electing aristocratic populists like kennedy , fdr .  why is hillary clinton taking heat for relative wealth ? .  voters know what 's in her heart , he says .  he says democrats like fdr long seen as champions of working people ; same with clinton .  begala : clinton is no romney ; she 's long been tireless advocate for middle clas .
 u.s. should keep force option on table for ukraine <sec> violence continues despite the ceasefire between the ukrainian government and rebels .  jeff mankoff : minsk agreement remains heavily tilted in moscow 's favo .
 kirilenko shocks sharapova in melbourne <sec> former champion maria sharapova is the biggest name to fall in the first round of the australian open .  the russian is beaten 7-6 3-6 6-4 by compatriot maria kirilenko in a match lasting over three hours .  justine henin and elena dementieva both through to set up a mouth- watering second round showdow .
 ski lift malfunction injures several at maine resort <sec> the lift will remain closed pending outcome of investigation .  the ski resort says an estimated 220 people were trapped on the broken lift .  a cnn employee was among those trapped .  winds were gusting between 30 and 50 mph in the are .
 mayweather shuns wba belt ahead of mosley fight <sec> floyd mayweather 's fight with shane mosley will not be for the world boxing association title .  mayweather refused to pay the wba 's sanctioning fee ahead of may 1 bout .  the 33-year-old says his boxing legacy is more important .  mosley is current wba welterweight champio .
 brutal , fatal cleaver assault in london called a terrorist attack <sec> a man thought to be a soldier is hit by a car then hacked to death , witnesses say .  video shows a man with a cleaver and swearing `` by allah '' to keep fighting .  a man who filmed one suspect says he `` came straight to me '' and started talking .  `` despicable acts like this will not go unpunished , '' a uk minister say .
 past inspires modern solutions for historic black church <sec> savannah 's first african baptist church is one of the oldest black churches in the united states .  early members , mostly slaves , built the church from 1855 to 1859 .  current members consider history when facing troubl .
