 the pioneers behind a human-powered helicopter <sec> two young canadian aerospace engineers push the boundaries of what 's possible .  the pair built a human-powered helicopter that claimed an elusive $ 250,000 prize .  they also designed perhaps the first flapping-wing aircraft to sustain flight .  the two spoke in october at the poptech conference in camden , main .
 roma reclaim italian initiative with vital victory at parma <sec> roma move one point clear of inter milan at the top of the italian serie a table .  captain francesco totti inspires a 2-1 victory away to parma , who have a man sent off .  defending champions inter travel to roma 's capital city rivals lazio on sunday .  ten-man ac milan consolidate third place with 1-0 victory at home to fiorentin .
 china : u.s. risks antagonizing north korea <sec> china says u.s. anti-missile plans do n't `` help to solve the issue '' .  north korea has recently threatened to attack south korea and the united states .  the pentagon plans to add missile interceptors on the west coas .
 two of four casey anthony convictions thrown out ; she vows to 'keep fighting ' <sec> an appeals court invalidates two of casey anthony 's convictions , upholds two others .  she was convicted of four counts of lying to authorities during an investigation .  the investigation was into the disappearance of anthony 's 2-year-old daughter , caylee .  anthony 's attorney said his client wants to `` keep fighting '' after hearing about rulin .
 court asked to have texas abortion clinics reopened <sec> abortion clinics ask supreme court to intervene .  ruling last week was on section of law requiring clinics to adhere to hospital-level standards .  legislators have said this would improve patient care and safety .  abortion rights groups decry ruling , say it cuts off acces .
 ban lifted , media witness solemn return of fallen service member <sec> media on hand for first time in almost 20 years as fallen service member returns .  air force staff sgt . .  phillip myers , 30 , died in afghanistan on saturday .  defense secretary robert gates lifted ban on media coverage , but with conditions .  some say ban was censorship ; others say it showed respect for the falle .
 congress closes loophole in stock trading law after cnn report <sec> stock act , passed in april , requires more transparency when lawmakers make trades .  loophole would 've allowed family of some lawmakers to profit from inside information .  cnn brought discrepancy between house and senate interpretations to light last mont .
 cnn student news transcript : april 13 , 2010 <sec> find out what 's first up on the agenda as the senate returns to session .  witness how some people around the world mark holocaust remembrance day .  hear how a company is changing what it means to be a blue-collar worker .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 adrian peterson could face bond revocation <sec> prosecutor says peterson admitted to smoking marijuana while on bail .  district attorney brett ligon is asking for the nfl star to be rearrested .  it is the second legal wrinkle in two days for the child abuse case .  on wednesday , the prosecutor asked the judge to recuse himsel .
 8 issues egypt is facing <sec> egypt 's economy is one of the key motivators of unrest .  other obstacles include violence against women , fuel shortages .  military ousted former president mohamed morsy from office last week .  follow cnn living on facebook and twitte .
 u.n. : darfur attack kills 7 peacekeepers <sec> u.n. : seven peacekeepers , including five rwandans , killed and 22 wounded .  attack immediately condemned by u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon .  in five years of war u.n. says more than 4 million people have been affecte .
 survey : teens ' enthusiasm for facebook is waning <sec> a new pew survey of u.s. teens finds `` waning enthusiasm '' for facebook .  teens report feeling annoyed by frequent `` drama '' they encounter on the site .  facebook remains the most popular social network among u.s. teens . .  facebook exec : we continue have high penetration rates among young user .
 u.s. missionary in mexico fatally shot <sec> new : mexican authorities say they are investigating .  nancy davis was shot by gunmen in a black pickup , police say .  davises lived in mexico since 1970s ; they worked with gospel proclaimers mission .  `` they breathed mexico . .  that 's their love , '' friend said of the coupl .
 polarized congress finds uncommon common ground over strikes in syria <sec> liberal members of congress joining with conservatives to oppose strikes in syria .  there is an increased skepticism among the left and right over foreign entanglements .  other members of congress on both sides of the aisle support strike against syri .
 it 's the most wonderful ( tv ) time of the year <sec> the holiday season brings out tv shows galore , including some classics .  shows will be airing on various channels throughout december .  there 's something for everyone this holiday season from rudolph to justin biebe .
 how manchester united tried to drown the stars of real madrid in 1957 <sec> manchester united take on real madrid in the european champions league this week .  the two teams first met back in 1957 when real prevailed 5-3 on aggregate .  united boss matt busby tried to flood the old trafford pitch to make it a mud bath .  real launched a protest and threatened to pull out of the contes .
 hugh jackman dismisses $ 100 million 'wolverine ' deal rumors <sec> jackman denies rumors about big `` wolverine '' payday .  told ew `` it 's not true '' .  he is currently filming `` x-men : days of future past .
 drew peterson charged with murder , authorities say <sec> dad of girlfriend : i 'm glad justice finally came -- before he hurt my daughter '' .  drew peterson arrested in the slaying of his third wife , kathleen savio .  renewed interest in savio 's death came after peterson 's fourth wife disappeared .  peterson , through his attorney , denies any wrongdoing in either cas .
 space age inventions you probably use <sec> several everyday items come from space program .  cushions for astronauts leads to better shoes for us .  nasa communication system leads to better pacemakers .  statue of liberty protected by coating developed by nas .
 f-35 fleet cleared to fly after june engine fire prompted grounding <sec> the f-35 wo n't participate in the farnborough air show , pentagon spokesman says .  the return to flight order is a limited flight clearance .  the f-35 fleet was grounded after an engine fire in june .  pratt & whitney , lockheed martin working with investigators to find cause of fir .
 commentary : make health care affordable <sec> rep. dave camp : health care must be made available and affordable .  he says fraud , lawsuits and waste drive up the cost of health care .  camp : americans pay much more per person than other countries .  he says tax incentives can help people pay for health car .
 mexican governor steps aside after student kidnappings <sec> the guerrero state legislature must now find a replacement .  forty-three students intending to protest in iguala vanished september 26 .  police say ex-mayor and his wife are responsible for the disappearance .  activist priest says the students were shot , bodies burne .
 rafael nadal : travel tips from the king of clay <sec> rafael nadal has been traveling the world on the tennis circuit since he was 15-years-old .  the multi-grand slam winning champion has become accustomed to life on the road in that time .  he highlights good hotels , friends and traveling light as key aspects of the successful road warrior 's armo .
 commentary : when baha'is are free , then all iranians will be <sec> hamid dabashi : seven baha'is on trial in iran , perhaps for their lives .  he says the iranian regime does n't support freedom for the baha'i minority .  he says muslim americans are in unique position to speak out for baha'is in iran .  he says when baha'is are granted liberty , all iranians will have civil right .
 solheim cup : carin koch named europe 's captain for 2015 <sec> carin koch named as europe 's captain for 2015 solheim cup .  koch seeking to complete an unprecedented hat-trick of victories for europe .  the 43-year-old swede was vice-captain for last year 's tournament .  women 's golf legend annika sorenstam will be one of her vice-captain .
 yazidis ' isis nightmare far from over ( opinion ) <sec> joe stork : isis offensive in northern iraq a catastrophe for yazidis and christians .  yazidis driven to mountains are now escaping , but the threat remains , stork says .  stork : some fleeing yazidis suffered , died in rugged mountains .  isis considers members of religious minority to be `` devil worshippers , '' he say .
 winter storm forces nearly 2,000 flights to be canceled <sec> a winter storm is bringing snow , sleet and freezing rain to plains states .  a foot of snow is forecast for some states and local accumulation could go higher .  the storm is expected to impact northeastern seaboard states hit by blizzard last wee .
 iranian sharpshooters target rats <sec> big rats are reportedly running rampant in 26 districts in tehran .  the government uses poison , and teams of sharpshooters are killing the rodents with air guns .  the biggest headache is norwegian rats , which can grow to 16 inche .
 donations flow as celebs join larry king 's gulf telethon <sec> larry king telethon for gulf raises $ 1.3 million in two hours .  money going to united way , national wildlife federation , the nature conservancy .  singer aaron neville , a new orleans native , said , `` people are crying on the phone . .
 chess legends kasparov , karpov face off <sec> garry kasparov and anatoli karpov face off again , in valencia , spain .  match comes 25 years after their epic first world championship battle in moscow .  kasparov wins first two games in the 12-game rematch .  their 48-game moscow match was controversially stopped citing health concern .
 brazilian ramires makes chelsea move <sec> english double winners chelsea completed their second major signing of the summer .  chelsea swoop for brazilian midfielder ramires from benfica for a fee of 20m euros .  the brazilian international midfielder signs a four-year contract with the london club .  the 23-year-old joins yossi benayoun in moving to stamford bridge during the summe .
 monet 's waterloo bridge returns to the savoy , 110 years on <sec> monet pastel drawing of london 's waterloo bridge on display at the savoy hotel .  artist created the picture -- the view from room 618 -- during a stay there in 1901 .  he intended to paint the scene in oils , but his supplies were delayed en route from franc .
 commentary : a letter to the losers <sec> donna brazile says she knows what it 's like to lose a political campaign .  she says campaigns are tough on your body , mind and spirit .  brazile : now 's the time to acknowledge your success and get over losses .  she says the work campaign people do is vital and worth the effor .
 commentary : flu and your health on a plane <sec> mark gendreau : swine flu is focusing attention on illness and air travel .  he says three things affect the likelihood of your getting sick from a plane trip .  gendreau : sick passengers , your exposure and ventilation are key factors .  he says using hand sanitizers on planes would help prevent sprea .
 mike mills on why r.e.m . are calling it quits <sec> `` we 're happy . .  but we 're done , '' mike mills says .  r.e.m . .  actually made their decision a few months ago .  there are `` indications '' on the album , mills note .
 families , lawsuits , raise questions about nuvaring <sec> the nuvaring is one of the most popular birth control products on the market .  lawsuit cites `` a heightened risk of blood clots associated with the use of nuvaring '' .  maker : `` there is substantial evidence to support the safety and efficacy of nuvaring .
 absalon and spitz claim mountain bike glory <sec> julien absalon becomes the first rider to defend the men 's mountain bike title .  36-year-old german sabine spitz claims victory in the women 's mountain bike .  china complete a table tennis clean sweep with the gold medal won by ma lin .  australian matthew mitcham denies china clean sweep of diving gold .
 putin poised to retake russian presidency <sec> putin declares an `` open and honest '' victory , but opponents cry foul .  chess king kasparov says putin allies padded voter rolls .  putin was leading preliminary results with nearly 65 % of the vote .  three policemen are killed in an attack on a dagestan polling statio .
 trial date set for ex-astronaut accused of parking lot attack <sec> lisa marie nowak , 46 , is accused of stalking air force capt . .  colleen shipman .  prosecutors say nowak , wearing diapers , drove 900 miles to confront shipman .  nowak donned disguise , pepper-sprayed shipman , authorities say .  ex-astronaut says she was at airport to talk to shipma .
 more of air force one 's new york photo op released <sec> presidential plane 's flight over new york led to panic on ground .  air force releases 145 new photos of flight ; 1 had been released previously .  government e-mail chains from day of flight also released .  `` no positive spin is possible . .  admit mistake , '' says on .
 building a multi-billion dollar 'las vegas of the east ' <sec> meet linda chen , the 'queen ' of macau casino empire .  tipped as successor to business magnate steve wynn .  chen to open new multi-billion dollar wynn palace .  has lucky 8888 phone number , apparently present from bos .
 witness to the cult of north korea 's kim dynasty <sec> western media -- including cnn -- have been invited into north korea ahead of rocket launch .  april 15 marks centenary of birth of `` great leader '' and father of country , kim il sung .  kim and his late son , kim jong il , are revered as gods by the north korean peopl .
 anti-austerity protest turns violent in spanish capital <sec> 101 people injured in saturday night violence .  police arrest 24 demonstrators , including three minors .  `` march for dignity '' was the first major anti-austerity protest in madrid in months .  violence erupted after the official close of the demonstratio .
 romney 's empty 'binders full of women ' <sec> romney 's `` binders full of women '' debate remark is a viral phenomenon .  maria cardona : he avoided the real question about rectifying women 's inequality .  cardona : `` binders '' comment shows how out of touch romney is with women 's issues .  cardona : the story and his claims about hiring women in massachusetts are fals .
 why satellites did n't find missing plane <sec> gps on airliners ca n't help locate planes , as they receive but do n't send signals .  pilots know their position over an ocean but do n't automatically share that data .  both the u.s. and europe are implementing gps-based air traffic control system .
 author jailed for insulting thai king freed <sec> harry nicolaides , 41 , was arrested last august over his 2005 book .  the book includes a paragraph about the king and crown prince .  authorities deemed it a violation of a law that makes it illegal to insult the crown .  man 's lawyer says he was relieved and left for australia at about midnigh .
 what we learned from the final day of the u.n. debate <sec> new : north korea calls the korean peninsula the `` world 's most dangerous hotspot '' .  new : a spark could set off nuclear war , the head of the delegation warns .  new : syria 's foreign minister responds to criticism of his country 's 19-month crisis .  he blames turkey , saudi arabia , qatar , libya and others for supporting terrorist .
 court blocks release of cia interrogation methods <sec> the aclu wanted details of cia intelligence-gathering methods .  a federal appeals court says such details remain off limits to public release .  details would reveal `` highly classified , active intelligence activity , '' the judges said .  the plaintiffs could ask the supreme court to interven .
 cameron : we wo n't tolerate 'export of terror ' by pakistan <sec> new : pakistan says it too is a victim of terrorism .  cameron makes remarks in the aftermath of the wikileaks .  he says india and britain must work closer on security .  he points finger at lashkar e-tayyib .
 garridos start serving sentences for jaycee dugard kidnapping <sec> phillip garrido is serving a sentence of 431 years to life in prison .  california 's corrections department says he will be housed in a protective unit .  nancy garrido is serving a sentence of 36 years to life in prison .  the married couple held jaycee dugard captive for 18 year .
 no truth to adele album rumor , says label <sec> new : `` no truth in '' adele album rumor , says label exec .  world music awards tweeted a new album was coming .  adele has hinted about something in the works .  her previous album , `` 21 , '' was a smas .
 u.s. court says 'liking ' something on facebook is free speech <sec> 4th u.s . .  circuit court of appeals rules clicking `` like '' on facebook is protected as free speech .  employees claimed they were fired after `` liking '' their boss ' opponent in an election .  this decision reverses an earlier ruling that said `` likes '' were just button presse .
 north korea planning new nuclear test , south korean intelligence report says <sec> ex-u.s. ambassador to united nations : do n't react hastily ; `` let 's see what eventually happens '' .  professor : the country knows how to `` manipulate the world '' .  south korea intelligence report says north korea plans nuclear test .  north korea appears to be pressing ahead with its planned rocket launc .
 blasts , suicide bombers strike busy central baghdad , killing at least 18 <sec> eighteen are dead after four blasts hit a high-traffic area in central baghdad .  in one blast , a suicide bomber detonated explosives inside the justice ministry building .  iraqi state tv : gunmen stormed the building but were killed by iraqi security forces .  the blasts happened near the fortified area known as the green zon .
 jfk library goes digital <sec> kennedy had hoped that the `` key documents '' from his administration would be available .  now , more than 200,000 digitized documents , photos and audio from his days are online .  it is the largest online digitized presidential archives in the natio .
 with river blindness , 'you never sleep ' <sec> carter center in atlanta leading an effort to eliminate river blindness in several countries .  some strains cause blindness , while others come with more severe skin disease .  uganda has a goal of eliminating the disease by 202 .
 prosecutors : tsarnaevs used christmas lights to make bomb fuses <sec> documents reveal new details about the boston marathon bombings and aftermath .  prosecutors argue that information tsarnaev gave to fbi should be admissible .  tsarnaev 's attorneys ask judge to throw out evidence , arguing it was coerce .
 michael bay says 'teenage mutant ninja turtles ' are aliens , reinvents origin story <sec> michael bay said he is reinventing the origin story of `` teenage mutant ninja turtles '' .  bay : `` these turtles are from an alien race ... '' .  in the original mythology , four baby turtles come into contact with radioactive oo .
 american teacher found dead in japan <sec> taylor anderson , 24 , had been teaching english in ishinomaki , japan .  the oldest of three children , she was a virginia native .  fellow teachers say anderson likely tried to bike home after the quake .  her family asks people to pray for the missing and for the people of japa .
 five arrested , accused of terrorizing jewish camp in pennsylvania <sec> three adults and two juveniles are accused of terrorizing the camp on three occasions .  the group allegedly shouted threats and anti-semitic slurs , destroyed property .  wayne county district attorney : `` this is outrageous conduct and will not be tolerated .
 china 's woody allen on turning a disaster into a hit <sec> feng xiaogang is director of china 's biggest grossing film , `` aftershock '' .  started career in television before becoming movie director .  early work was comedies ; compared himself to woody alle .
 former egyptian spy chief suleiman laid to rest in cairo <sec> omar suleiman received a military funeral in cairo on saturday .  the body of suleiman , who died thursday , arrived early saturday from the u.s . .  a horse-drawn carriage , accompanied by military police , bears him to cemetery .  military , political and islamic officials attend , but newly elected president is absen .
 tamil rebels acknowledge leader is dead <sec> tamil tiger rebels acknowledge the death of their leader velupillai prabhakaran .  sri lankan government had said it recovered his body ; rebels initially denied claim .  sri lankan government declares victory over tamil tiger rebels .  an estimated 70,000 to 80,000 people have died during the quarter century of fightin .
 creating glamor in nigeria 's ghettos <sec> italian designer caterina bortolussi has started an ethical fashion label in nigeria .  bortolussi has trained and hired girls from the region to become models and brand ambassadors .  next year she hopes to inspire more locals and teach tailoring skill .
