 chris soules is the new bachelor <sec> soules appeared on `` the bachelorette '' .  he was the predicted `` bachelor '' .  it took awhile for his selection to be announce .
 ted prize winner : rip veil off corporate criminals <sec> charmian gooch , co-founder of global witness , awarded $ 1 million ted prize .  her group campaigns for disclosure of true owners of corporations to fight corruption .  ted conference also features edward snowden , who assails nsa surveillance .  snowden says some of his most important revelations have yet to be mad .
 vermont eligible for disaster funds ; hatteras residents get good news <sec> new : hatteras island , north carolina , residents start going home sunday .  president declares disaster in vermont .  agriculture is impacted , but higher prices are unlikely , official says .  floodwaters wipe out businesses in vermon .
 report : 18 errors contributed to quebec rail disaster <sec> the lac-mégantic rail disaster of july 2013 killed 47 people , .  canadian safety agency report faults railroad , government and train itself .  tsb : accident may have been avoided if any one of 18 factors were not present .  recent spike in rail shipments of oil surprised even government regulators , says tsb chai .
 80 u.s. troops in chad will aid search for abducted nigerian girls <sec> a pentagon official says a predator drone is joining the search .  u.s. sending 80 members of its armed forces to chad to help in search for the girls .  pentagon spokesman : `` these are not combat troops '' .  troops are going to chad because it 's `` a great location '' geographically , he say .
 israeli soldiers , palestinians clash in jerusalem <sec> the fighting occurred in jerusalem 's al-ram neighborhood .  there 've been disturbances tied to jerusalem 's al-aqsa mosque .  palestinian pm salam fayyad condemned ramiyeh 's deat .
 europa league last 16 : benfica punish sloppy spurs <sec> benfica beat tottenham hotspur 3-1 in first leg of last 16 europa league tie .  porto beat napoli 1-0 ; real betis beat sevilla 2-0 .  valencia beat pfc ludogorets razgrad 3-0 in bulgari .
 texas woman charged in ricin case found competent for trial <sec> shannon richardson , 35 , enters a plea of not guilty to all counts .  she is accused of sending ricin-tainted letters to obama and nyc mayor .  richardson has had minor roles in tv series including `` the walking dead .
 commentary : student 's view of campus safety <sec> o'neal says he could n't help but be suspicious of everything and everyone .  images of students banding together at memorials and vigils get locked in your mind .  guns should n't need to be allowed on campus , o'neal say .
 cnn bureau chief 's picks in cape town <sec> la colombe at the constantia uitsig winery is ideal for a special occasion .  if you want to see locals , hang out at hout bay waterfront or long street in the city .  klein constantia has always been one of norgaard 's favorite vineyard .
 a human puppet for the masses <sec> seth green and matt senreich have launched the online reality webisodes , `` controltv '' .  life of unemployed 20-something tristan couvares documented , streamed online .  `` bachelor '' director ken fuchs , richard saperstein and stephen kessler helped produc .
 opinion : act now , or face war in ukraine <sec> andrew kuchins : jet 's downing must awaken u.s. , europe to danger of russia-ukraine war .  focus should be on ukraine 's ability to defend sovereignty , not russian sanctions , he says .  he says sanctions over russia 's help to rebels will help putin whip up nationalism .  kuchins : diplomacy needed to de-escalate crisis ; putin wo n't allow himself to lose fac .
 the curious clocks of kauai <sec> kauai 's lihu'e airport is home to a unique collection of world clocks .  each clock shows the time in locations with historic significance .  the installation is brainchild of a former university professor and current architec .
 five climbers killed after deadly volcanic ash blast <sec> five climbers killed during ash explosion on volcano in philippines .  blast send thick column of ash 500 meters ( 1,600 feet ) into the air .  mount mayon is the most volatile of more than 50 volcanoes in the philippine .
 legal or not , crimean referendum will shape ukraine crisis <sec> people in crimea , an autonomous region of ukraine , vote sunday on joining russia .  the united states and its european allies reject the referendum as illegal .  to russia , the ousting of the elected ukraine government was illegal .  at issue is whether constitutional authority exists in ukrain .
 valedictorian facing deportation gets reprieve in florida <sec> two florida sisters facing deportation get a two-year reprieve .  daniela pelaez is the top student in her class .  ice gave the reprieve under the policy of prosecutorial discretio .
 reddit founder writing book for web entrepreneurs <sec> reddit co-founder alexis ohanian says he is writing a book .  he is leaving his post as head of marketing for travel-search site hipmunk .  the book will include tips for web entrepreneurs and people running viral campaign .
 nato-bound trucks attacked , burned in pakistan <sec> gunmen on motorcycles force the convoy to stop and then open fire .  at least one driver is killed , police say .  pakistan closed nato supply routes into afghanistan after an airstrike killed pakistanis .  the airstrike prompted a diplomatic crisis between pakistan and the united state .
 trayvon martin 's parents seek federal review of prosecutor <sec> family wants the justice department to look for possible interference by state attorney .  family will send a formal request to the justice department monday , lawyer says .  a special prosecutor is handling the case after the local prosecutor stepped aside .  police cite florida 's `` stand your ground '' law in not arresting zimmerman in martin 's deat .
 egypt travel advisories renewed <sec> advisories strengthened after more protest deaths .  tourism minister quits monday .  visitor numbers have fallen by one-third since 2011 .  resorts `` safe '' , says britain ; do n't go , says u .
 nadal makes more history in monte carlo ; italy 's fed cup reign ends <sec> rafael nadal wins seventh consecutive monte carlo title , beating david ferrer in final .  world no . .  1 bounces back after two masters series final defeats in the u.s . .  he extends his record total of masters 1000 titles to 19 after winning 6-4 7-5 .  italy 's fed cup reign ends after 5-0 defeat by russia in semifinal of women 's even .
 british inventors build flying bicycle <sec> british inventors have built a two-wheeled bicycle that quickly transforms into an aircraft .  the paravelo flying bicycle can fly to an altitude 4,000 feet at 25mph .  the bike can be be taken on public transport and stored in a garage or fla .
 sources : security threat level for london raised to 'severe ' <sec> british security source cites intelligence about possibility of attack being planned .  a possible mumbai-style attack in or near london is a concern , cnn learns .  second source : increased security precautions in effect at transportation hubs .  security threat level hiked to `` severe '' for civil aviation , london transpor .
 outside group tells governments where to search for flight 370 <sec> group : 5 computer models all place plane in tight cluster of spots in south indian ocean .  this new potential search area is hundreds of miles southwest of previous search site .  malaysia airlines flight 370 vanished march 8 while flying from kuala lumpur to beijin .
 federer sets tournament record by winning 100th final <sec> roger federer wins atp world tour finals at o2 arena in london .  federer beats jo-wilfried tsonga of france in his 100th career final .  record sixth win in season-ending finals for the swiss star .  max mirnyi and daniel nestor win doubles titl .
 wikileaks rival plans monday launch after internal split , founders say <sec> openleaks.org says it plans to launch monday .  an ex-wikileaks member says julian assange 's behavior was `` dictatorial '' .  `` the more , the better , '' a wikileaks spokesman say .
 ohio hamburger festival dishes up fried patties to brave attendees <sec> the festival began six years ago in akron .  the country 's first deep-fried cheeseburger is making its debut this weekend .  akron is one of four cities to claim to be the birthplace of the burge .
 bowe bergdahl 's parents : 'it is n't over ' <sec> `` you 've made it ... you are free , '' bowe bergdahl 's mother tells her son .  afghan taliban leader praises release of detainees in rare statement .  susan rice says u.s. feels confident released prisoners will be monitored .  bergdahl arrives at landstuhl regional medical center in german .
 7 breathtaking clifftop hotels <sec> a tiered pool that echoes bali 's rice paddies forms a stunning centerpiece at amankila .  the caves in jamaica is built into the rock shelf with views over the caribbean sea .  the chanler in newport , rhode island , is housed in a civil war-era mansio .
 new voting measures could deter latinos , civil rights group says <sec> a new report is the latest volley in a battle over state voting rules .  such measures `` disproportionately affect the latino community , '' group says .  the civil rights group is involved in lawsuits challenging the laws .  a conservative hispanic leader says the report 's assertion is `` not believable .
 balkans floods : edin dzeko urges world to help bosnia <sec> bosnia-herzegovina striker edin dzeko appeals for aid to help flood victims .  balkans region hit by worst flooding in over a century .  dzeko has just won english premier league title with manchester city .  bosnia will make debut at world cup in brazil next mont .
 hannah anderson letters found at kidnap suspect 's home <sec> james dimaggio abducted hannah anderson after allegedly killing her brother , mother .  items found at his home after fire include a dna swab kit .  anderson , 16 , attended a fundraiser in her southern california community .  an fbi tactical agent fatally shot dimaggi .
 israel , lebanon trade fire , accusations <sec> no one is hurt .  israel : soldiers on routine patrol are fired upon .  lebanon : an army post comes under fire .  injuries , deaths reported in west bank inciden .
 we 've got isis playing defense , u.s. general says <sec> gen. james terry says isis is having trouble moving now .  `` when they stick their head up now , we make sure that capability is degraded '' .  he said he does n't see the need for u.s. ground troops -- for no .
 plane returns to lax after scorpion stings woman aboard <sec> the alaska airlines flight was headed to portland , oregon .  it 's unclear how the scorpion made its way on the plan .
 rooney must accept booing , says james <sec> former england goalkeeper david james has sympathy for wayne rooney .  but he says manchester united striker needs to accept any criticism from fans .  the 40-year-old says england underestimated opponents at the 2010 world cup .  but he backs coach fabio capello , for whom he says `` winning is everything .
 train hits 2 cars in new york state ; at least 7 killed <sec> a jeep cherokee got stuck on the tracks .  six victims were train passengers ; the seventh was the jeep drive .
 solheim cup star caroline hedwall makes dream become reality <sec> golfer caroline hedwall says she thrived under solheim cup pressure .  europe crushed the united states 18-10 in august 's competition in colorado .  hedwall became the first woman to win all five of her solheim cup matches .  the swede is aiming to win the first major of her caree .
 source : patients from syria being tested for chemical weapons <sec> the statement comes after an interview by turkish prime minister .  in the nbc interview the prime minister accused syria of using chemical weapons .  the syrian government and rebels have accused each other of using chemical weapons in the pas .
 america 's oldest family farm for sale <sec> the oldest family farm in u.s. -- the tuttle farm in new hampshire -- is up for sale .  after working for up to 17 hours a day , will tuttle says he has health problems .  his grown sons are n't interested in farming and he wo n't pressure 2 younger sons .  conservancy will ensure farm would be worked and viable for generations to come .
 thousands pay ai weiwei 's tax bill <sec> over 20,000 people have made donations to help ai weiwei pay tax bill .  the $ 2.3 million bill was issued after ai was accused of tax evasion .  more than $ 958,000 has been raised so far .  ai : `` donations are a political statement .
 chinese human rights activist chen arrives in u.s . <sec> chen expresses gratitude , asks for justice in china .  actor christian bale , who tried to visit chen in china , wants to meet him in u.s . .  chen will be able to pursue his studies in the u.s . .  chen 's escape from house arrest and refuge in the u.s. embassy caused diplomatic tension .
 can penalties control banks ? <sec> number of fines imposed on banks has remained constant for a decade , but fines ' value has grown faster than inflation .  silva asks : are u.s. regulators using financial penalties as a method of indirect regulations ? .  and will it work ? .  american regulators have unique views on how to run banking and have tried to influence global regulations .  u.s. wants banks to assume iranians are guilty until proven innocent , rest of the world wants the opposite , silva write .
 clashes erupt in mexico city protests over missing students <sec> the demonstration was peaceful for hours before clashes broke out .  some protesters threw rocks , molotov cocktails in mexico city 's main square .  the demonstrators hit the streets to demand justice for 43 missing student .
 syrian isolation marks regime 's nadir <sec> syrian officials appear shocked by sanctions , despite endless warnings .  the ban on oil sales will have significant financial repercussions .  the regime is now isolated politically and economically .  the sanctions , coupled with state brutality , could lead to unres .
 former inmate wins $ 22 million over 'forgotten ' solitary confinement <sec> stephen slevin alleges he was held in solitary confinement for nearly two years .  the charges against him were eventually dismissed and he was never prosecuted .  his attorney says he was segregated because of his history of mental illness .  `` we made a statement about what happened to me , '' slevin say .
 atlanta , world 's busiest airport , opens to world 's biggest airliner <sec> atlanta 's becomes 7th u.s. airport where the giant a380 airliner can land .  the a380 seats up to 853 passengers compared with boeing 747-8 's 400 to 500 .  the superjumbo has 50 % more floor space than any other airliner .  are bigger airliners better ? .  passengers , airline experts weigh i .
 harsh terror interrogations were necessary , legal and effective <sec> former cia official jose rodriguez : it 's a myth that detainees were tortured .  he says the methods used were legal and saved lives .  rodriguez : media exaggerated the degree to which harsh techniques were use .
 shia labeouf gets treatment for alcohol abuse <sec> actor shia labeouf is not in rehab , but is getting alcohol addiction treatment , his reps say .  last week in new york he lit a cigarette in a theater and yelled at the actors , police say .  labeouf is charged with criminal trespass , disorderly conduct and harassmen .
 red cross president forced out over 'personal relationship ' <sec> red cross says it became aware of the relationship 10 days ago .  relationship allegedly involves a subordinate female red cross employee .  board `` concluded that the situation reflected poor judgment on mr. everson 's part '' .  everson : i `` deeply regret it is impossible for me to continue .
 body of football star benitez arrives back in his native ecuador <sec> body of christian benitez arrives in quito ahead of funeral .  ecuador international benitez died after playing a match in qatar on july 29 .  his qatari club said he had suffered heart failure .  funeral scheduled for friday in quit .
 chavez council stirs succession speculation <sec> chavez named members for the council of state .  the body will have influence over the government .  vice president elias jaua will preside , as the constitution say .
 gaza conflict : how can a cease-fire end the bloodshed ? <sec> the gaza conflict has lasted almost three weeks with over 700 deaths .  israeli leaders are demanding the 'demilitarization ' of gaza .  khaled mashal -- leader of hamas political wing -- is against this .  is there a halfway house providing israel with security guarantees .
 marin cilic pulls out of australian open <sec> marin cilic pulls out of australian open .  u.s. open champion not fully recovered from shoulder injury .  australian open begins on january 19 in melbourn .
 pregnant seton hill lacrosse coach among 2 dead in bus crash <sec> new : rain and snow were falling , though it 's not known if that led to crash , an official says .  a bus veered off the road saturday morning in southern pennsylvania .  kristina quigley , women 's lacrosse coach , dies at a hospital , the county says .  61-year-old bus driver dies at the scene , authorities sa .
 how to feed 20,000 people in one sitting <sec> for most people in the united arab emirates , the holy month of ramadan is a restful time .  but not for karsten gottschalk , executive chef at the armed forces officers club & hotel in abu dhabi .  his team feeds 20,000 people a day during ramadan -- 600,000 meals through the month .  by month 's end , 800,000 kilos of food will have been prepared in the kitche .
 paris launches tourist charm manual <sec> new advice manual to be given to taxi drivers , waiters , hotel staff .  provides tips : brazilians , dutch like freebies ; chinese enjoy shopping .  around 29 million visitors to paris each year may benefi .
 the world 's craziest crazy golf course ? <sec> ground-breaking new golf course under construction at mission hills in china .  it will incorporate traditional golf with aspects of crazy or mini golf .  one of the holes has an 80-meter wide noodle bowl and giant chop sticks .  designers believe it could spark a new trend in china and wider marke .
 go offline for 'national day of unplugging ' <sec> national day of unplugging asks people to put away mobile devices for 24 hours .  the digital sabbath begins at sundown friday .  time away from devices can improve concentration and interpersonal relationship .
 jordan grants asylum to syrian pilot who defects <sec> new : an opposition group reports at least 128 people were killed thursday .  a ship carrying repaired attack helicopters for syria is returning to russia .  the u.s. ambassador to syria threatens international prosecution of military members .  most in neighboring countries want al-assad gone , pew research find .
 aging gracefully : germans grow gray together <sec> eight german citizens aged between 80 and 100 share an apartment together .  a growing trend in germany is for elderly citizens to avoid institutionalized care .  germany has one of highest percentages of residents aged over 65 .  new law provides seniors with up to $ 13,300 to establish community apartmen .
 how not to be -- or date -- an overlapper <sec> some people afraid to be alone are guilty of dating overlapping .  they cheat on both partners while transitioning between relationships .  overlappers ca n't be trusted -- they might do it to you .  because they 're narcissistic , they 'll trade you in for better mode .
 uk 'urgently investigating ' video showing apparent british isis fighter <sec> uk officials are investigating a video showing an unmasked apparent british isis fighter .  a downing street spokesperson told cnn the video was released friday .  pm david cameron discussed the video with officials saturday , the spokesperson said .  the video preceded another showing the beheading of briton alan henning by isi .
 nancy grace 's latest murder mystery ( not a true story ) <sec> nancy grace 's new novel , `` death on the d-list , '' goes on sale tuesday .  the mystery-thriller features many of the characters from her first novel .  grace anchors `` nancy grace '' nightly at 8 p.m . .  et on hl .
