 20 seasons : the english premier league 's greatest ? <sec> manchester united 's ryan giggs is named the best player in the epl 's 20-year history .  united 's legendary boss alex ferguson receives the best manager award .  wayne rooney 's overhead kick for united against city in february 2011 is named best goal .  arsenal 's `` invincibles '' of the 2003-04 season named the league 's best ever tea .
 dark times in a divided new york city ( opinion ) <sec> errol louis : killing of two nypd officers could not have come at a worse time for the city .  new york is already embroiled in a bitter public battle over police-community relations , he writes .  critics of mayor link saturday killings to his support of protests over police shootings .  louis calls that `` farfetched '' but says mayor should have disavowed violent rhetori .
 u.s gets it wrong on egypt again <sec> national protests against morsy set for second anniversary of egypt 's revolution .  cynthia schneider : u.s. out of step , underestimates the anti-morsy sentiment .  she says proponents of secular democracy think the u.s. backs muslim brotherhood .  she says massive protests will show u.s. needs to align itself with the popular wil .
 'no way i was going to let him down ' <sec> tom clements was fatally shot when he answered his door on march 19 .  clements inspired triathlete-in-training rae timme to keep pushing the limits .  timme is now dedicating her training and race to clements ' memor .
 opinion : my mother 's addiction comes from pain <sec> caledonia curry : my mother was a lifelong addict -- from heroin to alcohol to pills .  curry : the idea that addictions always originate in pain was an eye-opener .  i began to forgive my mother and the harms that her addictions had caused , she says .  curry : we need a society that focuses less on retribution and more on recovery for addict .
 and the world 's 50 best bars are ... <sec> every year , drinks international calls on experts to compile its world 's 50 best bars list .  this year 's list includes bars from 27 cities in 14 countries with 14 new entries .  london kept the top spot with artesian named `` world 's best bar '' for the third consecutive yea .
 ugandan opposition leader arrested again <sec> he has been arrested a number of times this year .  besigye has vowed to `` walk to work '' every monday and thursday .  the `` walk to work '' campaign is to protest the high cost of livin .
 the death of paul walker : what we know so far <sec> fans are enthralled by the loss of paul walker .  authorities are still investigating the crash that killed walker and a friend .  results from toxicology tests are weeks awa .
 u.n. twitter typo calls for '1-state ' solution <sec> offical u.n. account mistakenly tweets support for `` 1-state solution '' in middle east .  secretary-general actually supports two-state solution .  the tweet was up for over 30 minutes before it was removed and a corrected tweet poste .
 'once upon a time ' picks its queen elsa <sec> georgina haig will play queen elsa on the show .  she is from australia .  haig is also appearing in the cbs show `` reckless .
 lindsay lohan wants battery accuser investigated <sec> new : `` it 's just not going to be tolerated anymore , '' lohan publicist says .  new : lohan was n't at a west hollywood club when alleged shove happened , publicist says .  new : marisa sullivan dugas denies trying to sell her story to tabloids .  lohan wants her accuser to be charged with filing a false repor .
 brother of philadelphia basement captive describes emotional reunion <sec> u.s. army sgt . .  robert sanabria had n't seen his brother , edwin , since 1999 .  edwin , who suffered from mental disabilities , left home at 18 to live with his girlfriend .  robert recently learned his brother and the girlfriend were held captive .  they have reunited and robert hopes to care for his brother from now o .
 house apologizes for slavery , 'jim crow ' injustices <sec> it is the first time federal government has apologized for slavery .  house acknowledges `` injustice , cruelty , brutality and inhumanity '' of slavery .  resolution states that effects of slavery and jim crow are still present today .  measure does not address the issue of reparation .
 police : french soldier stabbed in neck while on patrol <sec> france 's defense minister says the soldier was intentionally targeted .  he was stabbed in the neck from behind , police said .  the soldier is hospitalized with non-life-threatening wounds .  a manhunt is on for the attacke .
 opinion : i lost my high-profile federal job , too . it sucked <sec> martha johnson abruptly resigned from the gsa in 2012 and feels for eric shinseki .  she went from managing a huge federal agency to sitting in her house looking at furniture dust .  loss , she says , creates an airless vacuum , but natural law requires that vacuum to fill agai .
 murder suspect 's bombshell claims raise questions <sec> experts question serial-killing claims .  without details , `` we do n't even know where to start , '' searcher says .  miranda barbour told reporter that she had killed more than 22 people across four states .  barbour and her husband are charged in a november 2013 killin .
 man , 80 , to be charged for killing 'pregnant ' intruder ? <sec> long beach , california , man was burglarized and beaten by a couple , police say .  female suspect claimed she was pregnant , but greer shot her twice , killing her .  da will determine whether the 80-year-old homeowner will be charged .  the suspected male accomplice has been charged with felony murde .
 meet the man recording the sound of extinction <sec> krause has recorded more than 4,500 hours of the sounds of the natural world .  more than 50 % of his archive comes from places that no longer exist in the same form .  coined the term 'biophony ' for the organized musical soundscapes of natur .
 review : '300 : rise of an empire ' ups wow factor <sec> new film is the sequel to `` 300 '' .  this time it 's in 3-d .  reviewer says eva green steals the fil .
 women to break through golf 's final frontier ? <sec> vote to allow women to join royal and ancient golf club for first time in 250 years .  club is based at st. andrews , scotland -- known as the home of golf .  r & a is golf 's governing body outside of the u.s. and mexico .  critics had been outraged by its male-only polic .
 u.n. official to visit refugee camp in syria <sec> the united nations relief and works agency chief will visit yarmouk camp saturday .  pierre krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation there .  yarmouk has been engulfed in fighting since december 201 .
 three bodies recovered after midair collision over hudson <sec> new : five italian tourists from bologna , pilot on sightseeing copter believed dead .  bodies of two adults from helicopter found below water , authorities say .  authorities find body of child who was one of three on small plane in collision .  pilot on ground tried to warn helicopter that plane was coming up from behin .
 historian sees lessons , lincoln parallels for obama <sec> james m. mcpherson 's new book : `` tried by war '' .  historian shows how abraham lincoln handled war , made much up along the way .  mcpherson : fighting war has political consequences , obama should heed tha .
 nurses describe alleged assault by kennedy son <sec> douglas kennedy is on trial for allegedly assaulting nurses .  it happened when he took his newborn from the maternity ward .  one nurse says he kicked her and another says he twisted her arm .  the defense says kennedy was just trying to protect his so .
 new real madrid role for legend zidane ; milan lose inzaghi and pato <sec> zinedine zidane given post working alongside real madrid coach jose mourinho .  former france star has been an advisor to real president since mid-2009 .  mourinho will miss two la liga matches after being banned for insulting a referee .  ac milan hit by double striker blow ahead of sunday 's derby with arch-rivals inte .
 octuplets ' mom fires free nursing service <sec> nadya suleman : nurses spying on her to report her to child-welfare authorities .  she now has four of the octuplets at home , along with her six other children .  suleman instead will rely on nurses whom she is payin .
 photographer 's lapland journey highlights global warming <sec> lebanese photographer roger moukarzel travels to north sweden to document climate change .  moukarzel teams up with local photograher carl-johan utsi , a member of the indigenous sami people .  moukarzel 's images contrast the beauty of landscape and people with industrial pollutio .
 russia complains of ukrainian troop buildup in east <sec> russian state news says 15,000 ukrainian troops in eastern ukraine .  self-declared mayor of slavyansk says diabetic hostage has the medicine he needs .  ukraine 's security service says osce team is being held in `` inhumane conditions '' .  u.s. official says planned u.s. sanctions `` can have a significant impact '' on russi .
 al qaeda says it 's opening branch in india <sec> al qaeda issues lengthy video on its mission in indian subcontinent .  leader of al qaeda says he seeks to `` wage jihad '' .  analysts say al qaeda is struggling for followers as isis gains suppor .
 deported bin laden widows , daughters go to saudi arabia <sec> the bin laden family members travel on a private plane .  a pakistani judge ordered them deported for living there illegally .  three widows , two daughters among those leaving .  bin laden was killed on may 2 by u.s. commando .
 best places to sell your 3rd-generation ipad <sec> some who bought the 6-month-old , 3rd generation ipad may look to upgrade to newest model .  the company surprised many by adding a refreshed , full-size ipad to the ipad mini this week .  multiple sites , like gazelle , make it easy to sell your device .  ebay instant is , of course an optio .
 cruz apologizes for ruining weekends <sec> texas republican sen. ted cruz apologized to colleagues on tuesday for making them come back to work over the weekend .  cruz 's surprise tactics frustrated many senate republican .
 afghan president warns nato against airstrikes that kill civilians <sec> hamid karzai says attacks by international forces on afghan houses will not be tolerated .  afghan officials say a saturday attack in helmand province killed 14 civilians .  a nato military leader apologizes for the attack , which he says killed nine civilian .
 pop-up clinic brings free health care to thousands <sec> pop-up clinic in los angeles has treated at least 4,500 patients in last week .  non-profit remote area medical behind the mobile medical center .  founder stan brock says demand for free care not just limited to rural area .
 ferguson protests v. white people 's riots ( opinion ) <sec> sally kohn : some ferguson protesters were compared to the `` mob '' .  kohn : yet , when white people rioted , they were merely accused of `` disruptive behavior '' .  she asks why are we so hard on ferguson protesters but not rioting pumpkin kids .
 prosecutors seek death penalty in oklahoma family 's slayings <sec> new : court papers say woman , four kids suffered `` severe pain and anguish '' .  new : two 7-year-old girls sexually assaulted before they died , documents say .  new : threat of returning to prison motivated slayings , prosecutors say .  bodies found january 12 in apartment in el reno , oklahom .
 tepco hikes radiation limits as workers ' exposure rises <sec> new : limit raised from 100 millisieverts to 150 millisieverts .  tepco president apologizes .  tepco official bursts into tears .  u.n. nuclear agency : no harmful radiation is detected at any of 47 site .
 five-way race as peruvians head to the polls <sec> peru will vote for a new president on sunday .  five candidates are in a tight race .  management of the economy is a top issue .  a runoff election would be held in jun .
 regis philbin announces retirement <sec> `` this will be my last year on this show , '' he says on `` live with regis & kelly '' .  the show is in its 23rd season in national syndication .  philbin , 79 , has had health issues in recent years .  `` there 's only one reg , '' says former co-host kathie lee giffor .
 trial of former virgnia gov . mcdonnell heading to jury <sec> former virginia gov . .  bob mcdonnell was a rising star in the republican party .  he and his wife are on trial on federal charges .  they are accused of accepting loans and gifts from a businessman .  closing arguments in the trial concluded friday ; the case will go to the jury next wee .
 guns and suicide : one mother 's heartbreaking tale <sec> dorothy paugh lost her father and later her son to suicide by gun .  paugh wrote this as a counterpoint to this argument for gun ownership .  as a naval officer , she qualified as a marksman .  have a personal essay to share with the world ? .  submit at cnn irepor .
 report : iraq pm wo n't seek third term <sec> new : revised budget will boost public spending amid rising oil prices , official says .  new : the new plan adds to projected deficits .  al-maliki wants to pass legislation that limits successors to two four-year terms .  iraq 's constitution does not set term limits for the prime minister or lawmaker .
 d.c. 's marion barry arrested again <sec> u.s. park police charged former mayor with misdemeanor stalking .  july 4 arrest came after woman complained to police about barry .  incident happened in anacostia park in washingto .
 commentary : emotions key to economic recovery <sec> robert shiller : economic boom gave rise to schemes that relied on trust .  he says basic psychological factors are key to restoring confidence .  government has a role in preventing fraud from being sold to the public , he says .  shiller : government must aim for full employment and widely available credi .
 the soldier and the shipyard worker <sec> former polish leaders jaruzelski , walesa speak to cnn .  jaruzelski was military leader who declared martial law in 1981 .  walesa was leader of solidarity , first president of post-communist poland .  both men claim to have played key roles in poland 's transition to democrac .
 more of bobbi kristina brown 's family members arrive <sec> cissy houston arrives to see granddaughter bobbi kristina brown , source says .  21-year-old has been in a medically induced coma since last saturda .
 'jon & kate plus 8 ' plus one ? <sec> speculation arises about possible girlfriend for jon gosselin .  reality star is photographed with another woman in the south of france .  gosselins announced three weeks ago that they are divorcing .  dating coach : `` you need to take a little time off from dating .
 what irks north korea ? christmas trees and soap operas <sec> north korea has described the movie `` the interview '' as `` terrorism and a war action '' .  but it 's not the first seemingly harmless thing that has enraged the reclusive regime .  pyongyang has been known to throw a fit over christmas trees and bibles .  it 's also come down hard on k-pop , tightly cropped photos and balloon .
 israel slammed for west bank land expropriation <sec> plo says `` land grab '' destroys prospect for peace .  britain has urged israel to reverse moves to claim land in the palestinian west bank .  israel announced sunday almost 1,000 acres would become `` state land '' .  officials told cnn the decision was linked to the abduction and murder of 3 israeli teen .
 president shares story of hero who tended to friend in theater shooting <sec> president obama tells how a woman helped her wounded friend in the aurora theater .  allie young was shot in the neck but is going to be fine because of her friend , obama says .  stephanie davies pulled young into an aisle and put pressure on her friend 's wound , he says .  obama : wounded young urged friend to run , but she refuse .
 iran 101 : understanding the unrest <sec> protests have followed disputed presidential election results in iran .  president ahmadinejad is popular across iran 's rural areas , among basij militia .  protesters say not out to challenge the islamic regime , just want fresh vote .  iran previously saw protests , public calls for reform in 1999 and 200 .
 john phillips had checkered , sometimes sordid , life <sec> john phillips ' reputation taking hit with claims of incest by daughter mackenzie .  john phillips , who died in 2001 , lived life of excess .  mamas & papas were leading california group of '60s , with tangled romantic links .  john phillips was heavy drug user , once convicted of drug traffickin .
 this month on inside the middle east <sec> ime visits qatar to explore the country 's transformation from desert state to a world capital .  in doha , rima maktabi explores how the capital has expanded its influence in the region .  ime meets one of qatar 's first female olympians , 19-year old rifle shooter bahiya al hama .
 opinion : stop using the 'w-word ' <sec> ruben navarrette : rep. don young used an ethnic slur to describe mexican immigrants .  navarrette : the `` w-word '' is just as offensive as the `` n-word '' and yet it 's still being used .  he says political opportunism is alive and well as liberals pounced on young .  navarrette : politicians are n't the only ones who cross the line in using loaded term .
 iranian woman has not been executed , official says <sec> new : sakineh mohammadi ashtiani is in `` full health '' and her case is being processed , irna reports .  she was scheduled to die by stoning .  authorities gave the go-ahead for her execution this week .  french foreign ministry says execution has not happene .
 sea snail hatches , grows inside california boy 's knee <sec> growing black bump turns out to be a sea snail .  a snail egg may have gotten into his knee at the beach .  four-year-old paul franklin names the snail turbo .  `` i thought it was kind of crazy , '' he say .
 slain robbery hostage worried about daughter <sec> 3 armed suspects took hostages from a california bank .  one victim was misty holt-singh , a customer .  she and two suspects were killed by gunfire .  police say she was used as a human shiel .
 church shooting suspect planned 'day of death , ' prosecutor says <sec> new : prosecutor : `` words to those effect '' found in planner inside suspect 's home .  assailant 's approach to pulpit `` seemed ... out of place , '' keith melton says .  terry j. sedlacek , 27 , charged with first-degree murder .  police still looking for motive in illinois church attack that killed pasto .
 cain rejects latest allegations ; woman calls him 'serial denier ' <sec> kraushaar tells cnn her complaint was n't about cain 's height remark .  cain says accusations are fabricated and intended to defeat his presidential bid .  lawyer for one accuser says there were multiple incidents of sexual harassment .  sen. murkowski says the allegations , if true , will sink cain 's campaig .
 five things to watch at the olympics on friday <sec> track and field starts ; women begin quest for 100-meter title .  phelps , cavic meet again in 100-meter butterfly final .  soccer quarters feature u.s. against the football ferns .  saudi woman takes judo ma .
 more than $ 9 million in opium seized at jfk airport <sec> the drugs were hidden in porcelain figurines .  the package was intended for a new york-area addres .
 lift up women to lift the world <sec> melanne verveer and penny abeywardena : empowering women will help the world .  they say research shows that women perform more of world 's work but earn far less than men .  they say clinton global initiative promotes partnering with companies to lift up women .  writers : all sectors of society must work to integrate women for social and economic gain .
 the lonely island is proud of its 'wack album ' <sec> 'snl ' star andy samberg and two friends started the lonely island .  they have attracted several stars to appear on their tunes .  some of the celebs had to skype their performanc .
 mh17 crash : did russia pull the trigger ? ukraine says yes <sec> new : it 's unclear how much of a role russia played , u.s. intelligence says .  the european union agrees on a plan for new sanctions to include russia .  ukraine opens criminal cases against russian defense minister and businessman .  dutch official : at least 200 bodies were on the train ; more could be at crash sit .
