 iran 's supreme leader : we do not seek atomic bombs <sec> iran 's supreme leader says `` why we do not believe in atomic bombs and weapons and do not seek them '' .  iaea draft report obtained thursday says iran may be working on nuclear warhead for a missile .  iran defying u.n. orders about its nuclear program , iaea draft report says .  iran began boosting uranium enrichment before inspectors arrived , iaea say .
 report : dramatic drop in earmarks ' number , cost <sec> the number of earmarks has fallen dramatically for 2012 , the pig book report says .  some earmarks are still finding their way into spending bills despite a voluntary ban .  a tank upgrade program and fish hatchery projects are examples highlighted by the report .  the supposed ban on pork barrel spending has damaged transparency , its authors sa .
 remains likely those of missing california teen , sheriff says <sec> hundreds gather for a candlelight vigil to honor teen girl missing since thursday .  human remains found in shallow grave in park where chelsea king was known to run .  king , 17 , was last seen at school ; her car , with cell phone inside , was found at park .  john albert gardner iii , 30 , is being held on rape and first-degree murder charge .
 irish abortion , military could decide eu vote <sec> ireland votes on treaty covering expansion of european union .  voters rejected treaty in 2008 but have new eu assurances this time .  a 'no ' vote would delay , and possibly kill , implementation of the treaty eu-wide .  opinion polls indicate the 'yes ' campaign will succeed this tim .
 man investigated for allegedly raping his mentally disabled daughters <sec> new : the case was discovered through a social worker .  the 80-year-old man allegedly raped his daughters for 4 decades .  in a similar case in 2008 , josef fritzl imprisoned and raped his daughter .  fritzl was sentenced to life in priso .
 abs : the bands that wrapped around my beautiful baby <sec> amniotic band syndrome restricts blood to a baby 's limbs in utero .  abs affects 1 of every 5,000 to 10,000 live births .  lucky fin project celebrates children with limb difference .
 suzanne pettersen overhauls 16-year-old lydia ko for evian glory <sec> suzann pettersen wins final major of women 's golf season .  norwegian claims evian championship in france .  beats 16-year-old amateur lydia ko by two shots .  joost luiten claims dutch open after playoff with miguel angel jimene .
 brittany murphy 's husband mourns <sec> simon monjack dialed 911 , and watched medics attempt to revive his wife .  monjack said it had been a regular day until murphy 's mother called for his attention .  monjack said he and and murphy were planning to have a child in 2010 .  a final autopsy report may take up to six weeks , a coroner 's spokesperson sai .
 white valedictorian : a first for historically black morehouse <sec> joshua packwood , 22 , will become first white valedictorian of morehouse college .  he turned down ivy league scholarship to study african-american studies .  throughout his life , packwood always gravitated toward the black experience .  packwood : `` i do n't think ethnicity makes the difference ; it 's what 's in his heart .
 alves and pato on target again as brazil beat ukraine in friendly <sec> dani alves and alexandre pato score in second consecutive match for brazil .  south americans defeat ukraine 2-0 in friendly played in english city of derby .  coach mano menezes guides team to third consecutive win ahead of argentina clash .  jamaica beat trinidad and tobago 1-0 in monday 's other international friendl .
 jim webb faces scrutiny for payments to family <sec> webb spokesperson explains 2014 .  webb 's pac has paid his wife and daughter more than $ 90,000 , including about $ 37,000 in 2014 alone .  webb 's spokesperson said in a statement the payments were `` well within the law '' .  the pac spent about 20 % of its donations in payments to webb 's wife and daughte .
 texas teacher suspended after racist ferguson tweet <sec> one tweet read made reference to `` dumb ( expletive ) crackers '' and said , `` kill yourselves '' .  teacher was `` suspended without pay , '' harshest disciplinary action allowed , district says .  spokeswoman calls tweets `` offensive , '' `` reprehensible '' and misrepresentation of school .  vinita hegwood a high school english teacher in duncanville , texas , for two year .
 what bill o'reilly owes america <sec> errol louis : bill o'reilly , accused of fabricating reports , threatened nyt reporter , saying : `` i 'm coming after you ... '' .  louis : he placed himself in stories he was not in , former colleagues say . .  o'reilly should come clean , apologiz .
 investigation under way into cause of station fire <sec> new : debate over whether it was human-caused -- intentional or unintentional .  deadly wildfire has charred over 140,000 acres in southern california .  two firefighters killed ; fire 28 percent contained ; up from 22 percent tuesday .  residents fled from 10,000 homes since fire started last wednesda .
 tucson school board suspends mexican-american studies program <sec> the program is suspended after an administrative judge said it violated a new state law .  the state was going to withhold $ 15 million in annual aid to tucson schools .  one tucson school board member calls the new law unconstitutiona .
 ice cube apologizes for offending paul walker fans <sec> ice cube lost to paul walker and vin diesel .  he told usa today he and kevin hart were `` robbed '' .  he now says he 's not a sore lose .
 hack north korea back , says human rights group <sec> north korean defector who lives in u.s. calls picture pulling `` embarrassing '' .  group seeks to harness anger over film being pulled , turned into attention on north korea .  hackathons meant to find ways to disseminate information in north kore .
 does facebook really care about you ? <sec> douglas rushkoff : many upset by facebook changes , but they are confused .  he says changes are about monetizing your information for company 's paying customers .  he says users actually `` work '' for company by inputting info facebook can sell to marketers .  rushkoff : change like this reminds users they are not the customers , they 're the produc .
 facebook 's zuckerberg is nation 's no . 2 charitable donor <sec> zuckerberg and wife , priscilla chan , gave about $ 500 million to a charitable foundation last year .  chronicle of philanthropy releases its list of most generous givers in 2012 .  warren buffett tops the list ; hedge-fund creator john arnold and his wife , laura , are third .  microsoft 's paul allen , google 's sergey brin and wife , anne wojcicki , round out the top fiv .
 the top baby names of 2013 <sec> top baby names searched on parenting.com include isabella and jacob .  grandparentish names like betty and gus are still pretty cool .  english and irish names are capitalizing on royal baby name feve .
 heineken adapts to europe 's new habits <sec> beer sales in european bars and restaurants have fallen sharply in recent years .  heineken recorded a 4.6 % drop in sales in 2010 .  the dutch brewer has a new strategy it hopes will appeal to european consumer .
 riding arizona 's apache trail <sec> arizona 's 40-mile apache trail captures the flavor of the old west .  goldfield ghost town , tortilla flat offer proof of hardy living past and present .  canyon and apache lakes provide welcome relief from the dry climat .
 how much of our plastic garbage ends up at sea ? <sec> research estimates amount of plastic going from land to ocean .  report published in science ranks china as top for mismanaged plastic waste .  advocate : consumption in plastic growing , but not infrastructur .
 are some banks too big to prosecute ? <sec> stanchart just one of several banks charged with laundering iranian money .  stanchart agrees to $ 340 million fine , but no criminal charges filed against bank officials .  gurule : failure to prosecute lawbreakers undermines global banking integrit .
 brazilian journalist freed in libya <sec> andrei netto had been detained by libyan authorities .  they say he entered libya illegally .  a journalist for a british newspaper who was with him remains missin .
 miracles in suu kyi 's secret garden <sec> cnn 's dan rivers back in myanmar after being deported ... twice .  he 's emailing from aung san suu kyi 's garden ahead of a visit by barack obama .  u.s. president is on historic trip to myanmar monday as part of asian tour .  obama is first sitting u.s. president to visit myanmar after years of repressive military rul .
 behind the scenes at paris fashion week - in glorious instavision ! <sec> cnn went behind the scenes at paris fashion week .  and we basically went mad on instagram . .  this is the result .
 almagro denies baker fairytale title in nice ; schiavone on form <sec> nicolas almagro retains nice open title without dropping a set .  almagro beats american qualifier brian baker in final .  serbia win world team cup with 3-0 win over czech republic .  francesca schiavone wins wta tournament in strasbour .
 cowboys player investigated on sex assault allegation <sec> dallas player c.j . .  spillman is part of a sexual assault investigation , police say .  the alleged assault took place on september 20 at the gaylord texan hotel .  the nfl is making changes to its personal conduct policy .  several league players are facing abuse allegation .
 time 's up , christie and palin . in or out ? <sec> are chris christie and sarah palin running for president , or are n't they ? .  their refusal to answer definitively is damaging to the gop , said s.e . .  cupp .  conservatives have n't been able to invest fully in the candidates who are running , cupp said .  cupp : palin just has to decide , and christie just has to endorse someon .
 students invent award-winning soap to tackle malaria <sec> two students have created a soap they say repels mosquitoes .  `` faso soap '' was the winner of this year 's global social venture competition .  one student is from burkina faso , the other from burundi .  the soap is made from shea butter and other secret ingredient .
 obama remains committed to assault weapons ban , white house says <sec> clinton-era assault weapons ban expired in 2004 .  obama carefully avoided thorny second amendment questions during first term .  three guns recovered in connecticut ; school shooting mostly killed children .  a tearful obama urges `` meaningful action '' to prevent more tragedie .
 afghan malnourished hit by poverty and education <sec> at a unicef aid tent in afghanistan families line up with sick , malnourished children .  unicef estimates more than 3 million afghan children under 5 suffer from stunting .  many families do n't know how to nourish their children properly .  and poverty means many ca n't feed their kids properl .
 obama to beef up mexico border policy <sec> new : obama says plan seeks to halt weapons from entering mexico from u.s . .  homeland security chief says plan tries to prevent `` spillover violence '' in u.s . .  more federal agents , equipment and resources to be moved to mexican border .  gun control advocacy group says mexican drug gangs exploit weak u.s. gun law .
 hanging with hackers can make you paranoid <sec> defcon is a forum to share info on vulnerabilities in software and hardware .  attendees worried about using wi-fi for fear of passwords being stolen .  fake atm was spotted in hotel with a pc inside it .  thumb drive with virus was passed around at conferenc .
 bloomberg editor resigns over handling of sensitive story <sec> bloomberg editor-at-large ben richardson leaves company , saying `` top brass '' mishandled sensitive story .  news organization claims the story was n't ready for publication , a claim disputed by richardson .  sales of terminals in china and access to chinese financial data may influence editorial decisions .  move follows other international news organizations running afoul of chinese authoritie .
 friend tells different story on woman who reappeared after 11 years <sec> new : heist has been jailed on a santa rosa county warrant .  brenda heist disappeared from her pennsylvania home in 2002 .  heist turned herself in to police in florida as a missing person .  she was distraught over an impending divorce and finances , a detective say .
 viral web site mocks wal-mart customers <sec> `` people of wal-mart '' blog went viral last week .  site features photos of unusual haircuts , fashion at the stores .  critics say site reinforces stereotypes , misrepresents wal-mart shoppers .  site 's creators say they have standards , wo n't mock everyon .
 tiger woods apologizes as gossip magazine reports affair <sec> `` i have not been true to my values and the behavior my family deserves , '' golfer says .  `` i am dealing with my behavior ... behind closed doors with my family , '' he says on web site .  comments come the same day a gossip magazine story alleges he had affair with waitress .  magazine also publishes what it says is a voice mail message from woods to waitres .
 police : man kills 4 children and 2 adults in texas <sec> police say man killed six people at the home of one of his estranged wife 's relatives .  four children and two adults are dead ; one victim is in critical condition .  a victim called police , who intercepted the suspect as he approached a second home .  the suspect , ron lee haskell , 34 , surrendered after a three-hour standof .
 protect immigrant women from violence <sec> leith anderson , lynn hybels : house mulling new version of violence against women act .  they say new version changes protections for immigrant women trafficked and abused .  plan makes u visa , which protects women victims who come forward , temporary .  writers : abusers are empowered in new version of act ; house should reject i .
 explore the enchanting ancient forests of japan 's eco-paradise <sec> yakushima is one of japan 's most southerly islands and a unesco world heritage site . .  abundant flora is the main attraction ; some of the cedar trees are thousands of years old .  despite a sub-tropical climate , the island 's mountains can be snow capped in winter .
 earth a gracious host to billions , but can she take many more ? <sec> it is impossible to determine how many people the earth can hold .  some say we 've exceeded earth 's carrying capacity ; others say there 's no limit .  u.n. projects population will level off at 10 billion in 2060 .  voluntary human extinction movement says earth would be better with no peopl .
 can japan finally triomphe in the arc ? <sec> a japanese-trained horse has never won the coveted prix de l'arc de triomphe .  the world 's richest turf race has prize money totaling $ 6.5 million .  japanese horse has finished second in three out of last four races .  japan has three horses entered in sunday 's race -- its biggest contingent so fa .
 keystone bill clears first senate hurdle - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the senate voted 63-32 on monday to advance a bill that authorizes construction of the keystone xl pipeline .  that 's not enough votes to override president barack obama 's expected veto of the bill .  the senate will consider amendments that supporters hope will attract more democrats in the coming week .
 'john schools ' try to change attitudes about paid sex <sec> experts say about 1 million to 2 million prostitutes work in the united states .  about 50 communities have programs that focus on deterring johns .  nashville 's program includes a speech from a former prostitute .  the internet is making it easier for people to buy prostitutes , experts sa .
 commentary : hate groups threatened by diversity <sec> brian levin : hate groups have less support in a more diverse america .  he says they feel threatened and are desperate due to growing tolerance in society .  levin : president obama 's election led to a spike in incidents , but overall little chang .
 winning ? there 's more to life , says jimenez <sec> miguel angel jimenez is set to return to action at this week 's spanish open .  the spaniard has been out of action for three months after breaking his leg in a ski accident .  the 49-year-old is the oldest man to have won on the european tour .  jimenez insists his career will not be a failure if he does not win a majo .
 ted turner : 'i 'm not chased by demons ' <sec> ted turner says he 's `` encouraged '' by election of barack obama as president .  the cnn founder expects tough economic times ahead .  turner : reconciliation with ex-wife jane fonda unlikely , `` but you never know '' .  time warner did n't do enough `` due diligence '' before merging with aol , turner say .
 swiss police arrest ex-guatemala police chief over killings <sec> erwin sperisen was head of guatemala 's national police from 2004 to 2007 .  he is accused of involvement in extrajudicial killings , the swiss judicial authority says .  sperisen is also wanted by guatemala , an anti-impunity ngo says .  he holds dual swiss-guatemalan nationality so can not be extradite .
 opinion : how to raise a royal baby <sec> the duchess of cambridge gave birth to a boy on monday .  deborah cohen : everyone 's got advice for new parents , but the royal family has been mum .  she says kate and prince william reportedly want a `` normal '' childhood for their child .  cohen : for extraordinary people to make themselves ordinary is a conjuring ac .
 small stipends for americorps volunteers take big shutdown hit - cnnpolitics.com <sec> shutdown will reduce checks for americorps volunteers by more than a third .  americorps volunteer on cut : `` it means that some real decisions have to be made '' .  volunteers are n't allowed to take part-time jobs and lose scholarship if they leave progra .
 lehman saga still being unraveled in london <sec> lehman administrator in europe says significant amount of work still to do .  full amount owed to creditors may not be known until some time in 2010 .  up to 500 people still work for lehman in london , unwinding trading positions .  lomas : `` this could well take more than 10 years to resolve .
 burmese men confess to killing british tourists on koh tao , thai police say <sec> hannah witheridge and david miller were discovered early on september 15 .  they were partially undressed with severe injuries to their heads .  police : two burmese men admitted to murders , raping witheridge .  dna samples taken from the couple match those of two suspects , police sa .
 police report : significant head injuries to peru slaying victim <sec> stephany flores had cranial fracture , autopsy report says .  blood found in joran van der sloot 's hotel room .  autopsy was difficult because flores ' body was badly decomposed .  test reveals flores had used amphetamine .
 when foreign policy becomes campaign focus , who wins ? <sec> julian zelizer : events have pushed foreign policy to front of campaign .  zelizer : turmoil in north africa , middle east could affect election 's outcome .  international issues helped eisenhower in 1956 , zelizer says .  zelizer : carter lost ground in 1980 after the surprise soviet invasion of afghanista .
 10 secluded coastal hikes <sec> canaveral national seashore in florida offers 24 miles of secluded beaches .  san bernard national wildlife refuge in texas is a good spot for birding .  camden hills state park in maine offers magnificent views of penobscot ba .
 new york woman advocates for safer cribs after her son 's death <sec> michele witte 's 10-month-old son suffocated in a drop-side crib in 1997 .  the baby 's neck became stuck between side rail , headboard when screw loosened .  witte has been working to get drop-side cribs banned .  consumer product safety commission approved standards that would ban drop-side crib .
 ntsb : wayward northwest pilots awake but distracted <sec> first officer did n't completely load radio frequency , ntsb says .  he and pilot then were distracted by discussion , personal computers , ntsb says .  ntsb also blames air traffic controllers for not realizing problem earlie .
 wikileaks give rare glimpses of how royals are viewed <sec> commonwealth officer says prince does n't `` command the same respect '' as the queen .  syrian perceptions called into question by minister .  miliband reminds minister that sarah ferguson is no longer a roya .
 ariel sharon , former israeli prime minister , dead at 85 <sec> ariel sharon was 85 .  he had been in a coma for eight years .  his leadership was marked with victories and controversie .
 deadly western storm extends to texas ; east coast in its sights <sec> new : new mexico authorities report a second weather-related death .  three die on an icy northwest texas interstate ; 11 are injured .  threat of snow triggers flight cancellations at dallas/fort worth international airport .  eastern u.s. can expect thanksgiving travel delay .
 analysis : romney seizes the story <sec> no candidate has ever scored above 60 % on question of who won -- romney scored 67 % .  romney 's answers were direct , confident and black-and-white .  obama 's performance was long and windy , even a bit hesitant .  obama 's campaign now faces second-guessing that romney 's was before wednesda .
 turkish coup leaders fail to appear in court for health reasons <sec> former president kenan evren , 94 , is one of the leaders on trial .  the ex-leader faces charges of committing `` acts against the forces of the state '' .  he is on trial together with air force chief tahsin sahinkaya .  `` september 12th is the mother of all coups in turkey 's history , '' analyst says of 1980 cou .
