 europa league matches involved in match fixing case <sec> 11 men charged with fixing football matches in estonia .  charged with manipulating 17 matches , including three in the europa league .  estonian football clubs narva trans and tallina kalev named by the prosecutor .  of the men arrested , eight are players for the two club .
 u.s. sending wildfire help to russia <sec> new : the united states sending $ 4.5 million in supplies to help russia fight wildfires .  the aid includes firefighting equipment and airlift capacity .  hundreds have died in the wildfires this summe .
 iranian aircraft buzzed navy helicopter in gulf <sec> iranian plane came within 50 yards of u.s. navy sea hawk copter .  navy copter was on patrol in international airspace .  u.s. official think iranian plane may have been under orders of local commande .
 race to save the leatherback turtle <sec> the leatherback is the world 's largest turtle , and one of the largest species of reptile .  it is critically endangered , having suffered a population decline of about 80 % in recent decades .  the beaches of gabon , in west africa , are the most popular spot for females to lay their eggs .  aventures sans frontieres operates a conservation project to help the hatchlings surviv .
 lebanon stun south korea to boost qualification hopes <sec> lebanon stun south korea 2-1 to keep alive world cup qualifying hopes .  australia book passage to asia second round with 1-0 win in thailand .  iran thrash indonesia 4-1 to book their place in 10-team second stage .  iraq beat jordan 3-1 win to eliminate chin .
 firefighters try to beat back flames as yosemite fire grows <sec> new : rim fire , which has burned more than 192,000 acres , is 30 % contained .  blaze has cost more than $ 39 million to date .  forest service chief says firefighting will continue for weeks .  thunderstorms could complicate wind patterns , but lower weekend temps could hel .
 smart 's accused captor : insane , or a calculating 'deceiver ' ? <sec> brian mitchell 's attorneys are mounting an insanity defense against rape , kidnap charges .  they must prove he was so mentally ill he did not understand wrongfulness of actions .  some describe him as isolated ; others , as someone with salesman 's knack for persuasio .
 battle buddies ' new mission : homes for disabled vets <sec> cnn hero dale beatty helps build and modify homes for disabled veterans .  he started his nonprofit with the help of his close friend john gallina .  the two entered the military together , served together and were injured together in ira .
 woman arrested outside of white house faces felony gun charge <sec> april debois faces up to five years in prison .  she was initially id 'd as april lenhart .  she is in jail as she awaits a monday court dat .
 best new ways to avoid the cold and flu <sec> cold and flu season runs from october through may .  your best means of protection is getting a flu shot .  eating well and getting plenty of sleep can also hel .
 fewer people traveling for thanksgiving <sec> fewer people are traveling for the thanksgiving holiday season .  people are driving and flying less from the wednesday before thanksgiving through sunday .  they are also spending less on their trips .  a bit of good news : gas prices have dropped to under $ 3 in many state .
 why are we so gripped by the story of malaysia airlines flight 370 ? <sec> it 's been more than a week since malaysia airlines flight 370 vanished into thin air .  the story has dominated headlines and social media .  `` it 's no longer a story about an airplane crash ; it 's a mystery story , '' says one pilo .
 pkk calls for guns to be silent , how will turkey respond ? <sec> kurdish workers party ( pkk ) calls for dialogue to end violence that began in 1984 .  tens of thousands of lives lost during the conflict .  sticking points to lasting peace include language rights and fate of prisoners .  jailed pkk leader abdullah ocalan wrote speech calling for guns to give way to diplomac .
 kim chased by tseng and wie in thailand <sec> in-kyung kim keeps thai lead despite struggling with a one-over 73 on friday .  yani tseng and michelle wie tied for second , one shot adrift , at the halfway stage .  spain 's rafael cabrera-bello holds a one-shot lead at fog-hit avantha masters in india .  nine players shared the lead after the opening round of the pga tour 's northern trust ope .
 california baby found dead after parents ' shooting <sec> police urge the public to come forward with any information .  three-week-old eliza delacruz was taken from a home in long beach on saturday .  her body was found in a dumpster sunda .
 oscar pistorius trial enters new phase after blistering cross-examination <sec> after thursday 's session , the trial will be postponed until may 5 .  prosecutor has accused the athlete of inconsistencies and contradictions .  the defense calls forensics expert roger dixon .  he disputes a pathologist 's explanation of victim reeva steenkamp 's back wound .
 judge rejects children 's conservatorship request for casey kasem <sec> kasem 's daughter and her husband filed a conservatorship petition last month .  kasem 's daughters claim his wife is isolating the retired radio host from family and friends .  a hearing on a permanent conservatorship is set for december .  kasem ca n't speak and `` may have early onset parkinson 's dementia , '' a filing say .
 olympic first as saudi arabia names two women in london 2012 team <sec> saudi arabia includes two female athletes in its team for the london olympics .  one judo competitor and a middle-distance runner will take part in london .  international olympic committee has been striving for gender equality at the olympics .  u.s. olympic team will have more women than men for the first tim .
 train collision in india kills over a dozen <sec> new : railway officials say 13 people killed , 15 injured after trains collided .  new : mathura official , where the collision occurred , put the number of dead at 21 .  goa express , apparently on the same track , hit mewar about 5:30 a.m . .  railway spokesman : trains collided apparently because driver overshot stop signa .
 3 new planets could host life <sec> scientists discovered 3 planets in the `` habitable zone '' of their host stars .  kepler-69c seems less clearly in the habitable zone than the other two planets .  they are all more than 1,000 light-years away .  the kepler satellite is looking at more than 150,000 stars for possible planets orbiting the .
 some chicago mothers mark day with tears for slain children <sec> on mother 's day , moms of children killed in gun violence go to st. sabina church .  as of saturday , 127 people have been killed in chicago this year .  says one grieving woman : `` i do n't even get to hear anybody say 'mama ' anymore . .
 in iraq , militants press on toward baghdad <sec> john kerry urges iraqi leadership to rise above `` sectarian motivations '' .  army spokesman says troops conducted `` strategic withdrawals '' in places .  fighters continue advancing towards baghdad from west and north .  iranian leader condemns any attempts at u.s. involvemen .
 dad turns college admissions nightmare into comedy <sec> andrew ferguson writes book on how to survive getting your kid in college .  ferguson : admissions process is about helping one you ca n't live without , live without you .  no ironclad rules , but take advice from `` rodthebod69 '' with a grain of salt .  it 's chiefly a problem for the prosperous , he admits , but other income levels deal with it , to .
 indonesia executes 6 people for drug offenses <sec> indonesia executes six people convicted of drug offenses , including five foreigners .  the six , four men and two women , had their appeals for clemency rejected by the president .  brazil and the netherlands recall their ambassadors over the issu .
 irs scandal : america needs the truth <sec> the internal revenue service should get a thorough investigation , author says .  the irs targeted tea party and other conservative groups that applied for tax-exempt status .  an acting irs commissioner quit , and another official pleaded the fifth before congress .  whatever is going on , boehm says , america can handle the trut .
 israel to build fence along syrian border amid fears of violent spillover <sec> `` we will defend this border against both infiltration and terrorism , '' netanyahu says .  the israeli prime minister says the syrian government is `` very unstable '' .  he also expressed concerns about the possible use of chemical weapons .  turkey and jordan have already seen syrian violence crossing over border .
 surveillance crews watch helplessly as bombs explode <sec> baghdad has 113 security cameras around government buildings .  but workers often see attacks occurring that they do n't have time to prevent .  only 5 percent of the iraqi capital covered by security cameras .  center 's managers want more cameras ; `` we have to fix the system , '' director say .
 ex-virginia lacrosse player sentenced to 23 years in ex-girlfriend 's killing <sec> a judge also sentences george huguely to three years ' probation .  a jury convicted huguely in the death of his ex-girlfriend , yeardley love .  a panel recommended he be sentenced to 26 years in priso .
 'zombieland ' not your standard brain-eating fare <sec> in new movie `` zombieland , '' focus is on the stars and the comedy .  movie 's performers include woody harrelson , abigail breslin .  one of film 's writers had seen just one zombie film in his life .  among movie 's surprises : a cameo from an oscar-nominated acto .
 world 's weirdest hotels <sec> guests can mellow out inside wine casks in the netherlands .  a sleek cape town , south africa , hotel has an airstream trailer park on the roof .  a costa rica hotel offers stays inside a salvaged airplan .
 nato airstrikes on afghan homes are banned , karzai says <sec> new : karzai : civilian deaths causing serious tensions between afghanistan and allies .  afghan president says such strikes ca n't be used `` even if nato forces are attacked '' .  nato says it will no longer use airstrikes on civilian homes if `` other means '' are available .  the shift comes after an airstrike last week in logar province that killed 18 peopl .
 teachers debate returning to work after wisconsin protests <sec> unions have protested for 6 days in madison .  the largest teachers ' union calls for a return to work .  madison 's teachers ' local says it will keep protesting monda .
 a ticking time bomb : what 's behind the instability in mali ? <sec> mali , once hailed as a model of democracy , is a time bomb .  northern parts of mali have been taken over by islamist extremists .  militants have destroyed ancient shrines , banned musi .
 victoria 's secret fashion show : 10 best moments <sec> the victoria 's secret fashion show aired on tuesday night .  rihanna , justin bieber and bruno mars performed .  the most dramatic moment included an angel losing her ha .
 team usa defeats czech republic as klinsmann eyes 2018 world cup <sec> team usa defeats czech republic 1-0 in prague .  alejandro bedoya scores only goal of the game .  coach jurgen klinsmann targets world cup semifinals .  world champion germany beaten 4-2 by argentin .
 he 's not 'fat daddy ' anymore <sec> dion almaer lost 115 pounds over the last year .  he experimented with a variety of approaches to diet and exercise .  he feels healthier and has more energ .
 libyan demonstrators say they 'll soldier on despite violent crackdown <sec> new : a protester in benghazi says ranks have swelled ; a major rally is set for sunday .  new : libya 's official news agency says israeli-led network is stirring unrest in arab world .  an army official siding with the opposition says government `` caused a massacre '' .  libyan government 's tight controls make it difficult to verify informatio .
 report : israel rejected palestinian concessions on east jerusalem <sec> al-jazeera : it has nearly 1,700 leaked documents related to the israeli-palestinian conflict .  palestinians offered compromises on sensitive issues , the documents show .  israel reportedly refused the east jerusalem offer .  the leak could prove politically damaging for palestinian authority president abba .
 11 candidates who would hold the center <sec> john avlon says in polarized political climate , centrists offer best shot at actual governing .  centrists from both sides of aisle agree more with each other than extremists in own party , he says .  he offers 11 candidates who will close partisan divides , find common groun .
 the legacy of tiger woods <sec> tiger woods ' design business is to form a significant part of the golfer 's legacy .  despite starting the company in 2006 his first course opened in december 2014 .  woods first course in the united states is due to open in houston in octobe .
 mickelson has a point on taxes <sec> golf star phil mickelson is thinking of leaving california to avoid paying high taxes .  edward mccaffery : lefty has a point -- high tax rates create disincentives .  he says the problem is that we tax work , not wealth ; this is is backward .  mccaffery : we should be taxing the act of spending , not that of work and saving .
 kimi raikkonen : lotus can win f1 title <sec> kimi raikkonen says he can win the world champions with lotus .  the finn was crowned drivers ' champion with ferrari in 2007 .  raikkonen finished 2012 in third position , behind sebastian vettel and fernando alonso .  his current deal with lotus expires at the end of the seaso .
 a case of scoliosis : richard iii 's spine was twisted , not hunched <sec> scientists made 3-d model of richard iii 's spine .  he had scoliosis with a curve of about 70 to 80 degrees .  today , he would have been a candidate for spine surger .
 oklahoma judge enters not guilty pleas for accused tulsa killers <sec> jake england and alvin watts face murder and hate crime charges .  they are accused of killing 3 , wounding 2 in a predominately african-american neighborhood .  a preliminary hearing is scheduled for may 3 .
 slums offer surprising hope for tomorrow 's urban world <sec> un estimates 1 billion people live in slums , number likely to double by 2030 .  urbanization could hold key to ending poverty and overpopulation , experts say .  writer robert neuwirth says slums must be `` engaged , '' not ignore .
 koch brothers are right on fair chance hiring <sec> koch brothers removing checkbox on criminal records from job applications .  authors : major companies are recognizing that those with criminal pasts can be productive worker .
 five reasons we love angelina jolie <sec> angelina jolie has demonstrated courage going public about her mastectomy .  the actress chose to undergo preventative surgery .  in recent years she has become increasingly well known for her humanitarian wor .
 grammys 2014 : trent reznor , macklemore tell us how they really feel <sec> musicians had a few complaints after the grammys .  trent reznor not happy his performance was cut short .  macklemore wishes kendrick lamar would 've won for best rap albu .
 filmmaker linked to anti-islam video meets with probation officer <sec> filmmaker was `` very cooperative , '' authorities say .  nakoula basseley nakoula leaves sheriff 's office after interview with probation officer .  nakoula served a year in federal prison for bank fraud .  a review of his federal probation is ongoin .
 hotel goes for record for breakfast in bed <sec> an attempt to break the record for breakfast in bed was hosted in shanghai .  wednesday 's event attracted 388 people climbing into bed and eating .  a breast cancer support group hosted the even .
 richard belzer retires detective munch <sec> detective john munch will retire on `` law and order : svu '' .  richard belzer debuted the role in january 1993 .  the character has appeared on multiple tv show .
 fresh lionel messi injury blow sees him sidelined for up to two months <sec> lionel messi ruled out for between six to eight weeks .  barcelona say he has torn a hamstring in his left leg .  third injury layoff this season for the world player of year .  also ruled out of argentina 's friendlies in international brea .
 germany 's modest mutti merkel is no iron lady thatcher <sec> german chancellor angela merkel , heading into her third term , is the antithesis of a modern-day politician .  she is modest and unassuming , and fondly called mutti -- or mother -- by the german public .  she is often compared the `` iron lady '' margaret thatcher , but her style is quiet different .  but it would be naive to assume merkel was n't as much of a political animal as her peer .
 what is hamas ' endgame in gaza ? <sec> hamas has a number of stated goals .  some , like the destruction of israel , are repudiated globally .  hamas also wants an end to israeli control in gaz .
 rebels seize control of goma amid clashes in democratic republic of congo <sec> new : britain sends an official to the region to discuss an end to the crisis .  reports say m23 is taking children and women , destroying property , and intimidating journalists .  the u.n. alleges 'grave violations of international humanitarian and human rights law ' .  shells fired over the border kill two people in rwanda , the foreign minister say .
 suspect 's confession played at 'american sniper ' trial <sec> eddie ray routh is on trial for the 2013 shooting deaths of chris kyle and chad littlefield .  routh 's lawyer admits his client killed the men but contends he was insane at the tim .
 opinion : be afraid of big marijuana <sec> david frum : in august , the obama administration retreated on marijuana policy .  frum : it 's important to appreciate that `` medical marijuana '' is a laughable fiction .  he says the emerging marijuana industry will target young people and minorities .  frum : it is a myth that marijuana is harmless and nonaddictive ; we need better polic .
 rachel frederickson on 'biggest loser ' controversy <sec> frederickson lost 155 pounds on the reality show .  some fans said she was too thin ; she 's now regained 20 pounds .  she says she is now healthy and happ .
 4 dead , hundreds displaced in fiji floods <sec> tropical cyclone daphne has deluged fiji 's biggest island with rain .  the flooding has left 4 people dead and 800 in temporary shelters .  travel in and out of the international airport has been disrupte .
 severe and strange weather sweeps nation , threatens holiday travelers <sec> new : one death reported in mississippi , agency says .  damage in jackson , mississippi , likely caused by a tornado , national weather service says .  new york governor declares winter ice emergency .  possible tornado injures three , damages homes in arkansa .
 italy cruise ship captain faces hearing over house arrest <sec> schettino faces possible charges of manslaughter , shipwreck and abandoning ship .  16 people are dead , 16 others missing after costa concordia hit rocks on january 13 .  schettino told court officials he was helping with lifeboats and realized he was off the ship .  reports : the captain told a friend he was pressured to steer toward an islan .
 post olympics life : michael phelps ' golf growing pains <sec> record-breaking olympic swimmer michael phelps is trying to become a golfer .  he was tutored by tiger woods ' former coach hank haney for a tv series .  haney says the 27-year-old 's golf game is `` very long and very wild '' .  phelps admits his frustrations at learning `` the most humbling '' of sport .
 gabby giffords completes 11-mile bike ride <sec> cheers and applause greet giffords as she crosses the finish line .  bike ride marks another milestone in her recovery from 2011 shooting injuries .  giffords ' husband , former astronaut mark kelly , joins her in el tour de tucson ride .  `` she wants to do everything she used to do before , '' kelly say .
 high school 's 'uptown funk ' made bruno mars cry <sec> high school students dance to bruno mars/mark ronson hit .  the video features six theater classes from dallas high schoo .
