 kurdistan officials hope iraq will allow turkish minister in <sec> kurdish spokesman : `` we hope it is only a technical issue and it will be resolved soon '' .  energy minister taner yildiz 's plane was forced to turn around in mid-flight tuesday .  he was on his way to a conference in the kurdish region in northern iraq .  the incident comes at a time of heightened tension between ankara and baghda .
 ny executive describes for jury how she killed her son <sec> gigi jordan : `` i made the decision i was going to end my life and jude 's life '' .  jude mirra , 8 , who was autistic , died from painkillers , other drugs , prosecutors say .  the defense says the desperate mother aimed to protect her son from a sexually abusive father .  jordan , charged with second-degree murder , faces 15 years to life in prison if convicte .
 romney hits 'magic number ' for gop nomination <sec> with projected texas win , romney has necessary 1,144 delegates .  `` i am humbled to have won enough delegates , '' romney says .  he will not be the official party nominee until the republican national conventio .
 lifting the veil of secrecy : meet the female code-breakers of wwii <sec> bletchley park was the home of british code-breaking during world war ii .  the national museum of computing based at the bletchley estate launched a new exhibit on women in computing .  bletchley 's fascinating history only became public several decades after the war ended .  women made up majority of the 10,000 people who worked at secret code-breaking operatio .
 japan oks dreamliners to fly again <sec> the japanese decision follows a directive from u.s. aviation authorities .  japanese airlines , the biggest dreamliner operators , are installing new batteries .  it remains unclear exactly when they will resume flights of the boeing plane .
 seizure-alert dogs give new freedom to epilepsy sufferers <sec> three million americans live with epilepsy , which causes recurring seizures .  canine camp in georgia has trained 1,000 dogs since 1991 to help the disabled .  cost of training , maintaining dog is $ 20,000 ; dogs are free to qualified patient .
 u.s. soldier suspected in fatal shooting of 2 fellow soldiers <sec> spc . .  neftaly platero is in pretrial confinement , officials say .  the u.s. military links platero to the deaths of carrillo and noonan .  platero and noonan may have been friends .  the incident remains under investigatio .
 four arrested in 2 states in assisted-suicide probe <sec> new : widow says she 's gratified `` investigation has led to the arrests '' .  authorities probing group that police believe helped georgia man end his life .  after wednesday arrests , authorities in eight states execute search warrants .  final exit network 's web site : volunteers offer `` guidance to self-deliverance .
 nobel laureates honor sean penn <sec> sean penn will receive the peace summit award for his relief work in haiti .  penn founded an aid agency after the devastating 2010 earthquake .  the oscar winner says the nobel recognition is an hono .
 jordan court clears abu qatada of bomb plot charges <sec> new : abu qatada will not be able to return to the united kingdom , home office says .  the cleric is acquitted of plotting to bomb millennium celebrations in jordan .  his immediate release is ordered if no other cases are raised , newspaper says .  he was deported from britain last year after a legal battle lasting year .
 house approves budget deal aimed at averting shutdown - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the house approves a compromise budget plan on a 332-94 vote .  house speaker boehner criticizes conservative groups that oppose the deal .  bill expected to pass the senate , but margin could be razor thin .  the proposal would cut the deficit and ease some sequester cut .
 british blue blood top 'hottest royal ' list <sec> prince william tops list of 'hottest royal ' list compiled by forbes magazine .  british young royals came in top four spot of the list .  forbes : list based on combinations of looks , money , popularity on the we .
 suspected u.s. drone strike kills civilians in yemen , officials say <sec> 13 people are killed in a strike that missed its target , an official says .  angry relatives try to bring the victims ' bodies to the capital , sanaa .  the u.s. is widely believed to be using drones against al qaeda in yeme .
 ozil masterclass puts bremen on top <sec> werder bremen snatch top spot in bundesliga on goal difference after crushing freiburg 6-0 .  young germany international mesut ozil sets up four goals and scores one himself .  schalke move into third place after 2-0 win over hannover , who are mourning robert enke .  bayer leverkusen can reclaim top spot with a point from sunday 's trip to bayern munic .
 election-year politics will chart congress ' path this year <sec> fight over payroll tax cut and long-term unemployment benefits picks back up .  members will get a chance to vote against the president 's debt ceiling increase request .  members will spend less time in washington , more time in their districts during this election yea .
 mel gibson 's work on jewish film 'frankly preposterous , ' rabbi says <sec> gibson is working on a film about jewish icon judah maccabee , his rep says .  it 's like casting bernie madoff to be the sec chief , rabbi marvin hier says .  `` mel gibson is an anti-semite , '' hier says .  `` they do have the freedom of expression , '' gibson rep says of critic .
 accused 'revenge porn ' operator says he 's done nothing illegal <sec> man accused of running `` revenge porn '' site tells kfmb he 's done with the business .  but kevin bollaert , 27 , says he has n't done anything illegal .  authorities say bollaert created a site for people to post sexually explicit photos of others .  they allege he then used another site to solicit payments to get the materials remove .
 u.s. : venezuelan president 's plane cared to enter u.s. airspace <sec> new : u.s. official says venezuelan embassy confirmed satisfactory resolution .  a state department official says the plane was approved to clear u.s. airspace .  venezuelan officials had said the u.s. denied permission for their presidential plan .
 india 's government seeks way forward on controversial anti-corruption bill <sec> ailing campaigner continues his hunger strike .  law , minus key provision , passes lower house .  hazare slams law as too weak to deal with graf .
 opinion : why we chase storms <sec> three storm researchers were killed last week studying severe storm near oklahoma city .  john monteverdi says meteorologists conduct scientific research on storms in the field .  publicity about storm chasers has led many amateurs into the field , he says .  monteverdi : storm researchers need to confront issues about rising number of chaser .
 hurricane warning issued for southern baja california <sec> new : hurricane warning issued for the southern baja california peninsula .  the category 4 storm is centered off cabo san lucas , traveling northwest at 10 mph .  jimena 's sustained winds near 155 mph , but forecasters expect it to pick up spee .
 joan rivers becomes trump 's new 'apprentice ' <sec> joan rivers wins this season 's `` celebrity apprentice '' .  rivers goes up against poker champion annie duke in finale .  duke raises more money at her event , but rivers is able to attract more celebrities .  the victory means $ 250,000 for rivers ' charit .
 opinion : abandon afghanistan ? a dumb idea <sec> white house mulling withdrawing all u.s. troops from afghanistan , official said .  peter bergen said the idea would be dangerous and send the wrong message .  he says u.s. abandoned afghanistan before and the taliban stepped into vacuum .  bergen : u.s. should follow model it set in south korea at end of korean wa .
 casey kasem alert but in critical condition <sec> the radio personality was taken to a hospital sunday .  spokesman for hospital says casey kasem being treated for wounds , blood pressure issues .  he had been at a friend 's home in washington state after his wife took him there .  she has been feuding with three stepchildren over the radio icon 's car .
 recall issued for skippy reduced-fat peanut butter sold in 16 states <sec> salmonella was discovered during `` routine sampling , '' the company says .  unilever says it has no reports of people getting sick from eating the peanut butter .  skippy reduced-fat creamy , chunky peanut butter recalled friday .  the recall applies to jars sold in certain states and may 2012 best-if-used-by date .
 newsquiz : week of september 24 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 commentary : america 's chilling future <sec> glenn beck : america in 2076 could be a very scary place .  beck imagines a country that is controlled by an all-powerful state .  people lost trust in government because of uncontrolled partisanship , he says .  beck : bailing out industries amounts to socializing their losse .
 vonn to take 'break ' from skiing world cup circuit <sec> american skier lindsey vonn is to take a break from world cup circuit .  vonn says break will help regain `` physical strength '' .  american iooking forward to `` getting back on the mountain in the new year '' .  alpine director of the u.s . .  ski team patrick riml supports vonn decisio .
 eliaquim mangala signs for manchester city from porto <sec> manchester city sign french international defender eliaquim mangala .  the 23-year-old joins from portugal 's porto .  mangala did not play any games at world cup in brazi .
 smokin ' joe will always be associated with ali fights <sec> joe frazier will always be associated with his epic trilogy of fights against mohammad ali .  respected boxing journalist jeff powell knew frazier both inside and outside the boxing ring .  powell believe frazier will go down in history as one of the top 10 heavyweights of all tim .
 russian leader accused over activist 's death <sec> estemirova was abducted outside her home in grozny , chechnya .  rights group memorial says chechen president involved in murder .  leaders of russia and chechnya condemn the murde .
 terrorists : not criminals or soldiers but a distinct species <sec> amitai etzioni : president obama should set one clear position on treatment of terrorists .  etzioni : terrorists ca n't be treated as criminals ; prevention , not prosecution , needed .  they are n't soldiers , he says , since uniforms set troops apart from civilians , show nationality .  terrorists deserve rights but are n't entitled to face their accusers , etzioni say .
 richard rockefeller dies in air new york plane crash <sec> richard rockefeller dies in crash of single-engine plane in westchester county , new york .  father is philanthropist david rockefeller ; great-grandfather founded standard oil .  richard rockefeller , 65 , was the only one aboard the piper pa-46-500tp meridian aircraf .
 uk will create independent inquiry in litvinenko death <sec> the inquiry into litvinenko 's death will be independent from the the government 's inquiry .  sir robert owen will chair the inquiry .  litvinenko , who moved to britain after becoming whistle-blower , was poisoned in 2006 .  before dying , he blamed russian president ; russia denies accusatio .
 faldo backs mcilroy to roar over tiger <sec> nick faldo has won more points at the ryder cup than any other european player in history of competition .  faldo captained europe during their disastrous defeat at valhalla four years ago .  world no.1 rory mcilroy set to lead european challenge at medinah .  faldo unable to predict a winner with both teams so evenly matche .
 rain stays bright in the spotlight <sec> korean pop culture sensation will be on talk asia later this month .  27-year-old has gone from backup dancer to appearing in hollywood films .  rain will be appearing with answers to your question .
 syria must be held to the law of war <sec> writers : what is happening in syria is a war , but international legal experts refuse to call it that .  legal experts say it 's not a war because the opposition is n't well-organized .  if it 's determined to be war , then the law of war applies , they say , even to an internal conflict .  writers : the law sets standards to restrain brutality , protect civilians , minimize sufferin .
 radamel falcao : everything you need to know <sec> radamel falcao joins manchester united on a one-year loan from monaco .  falcao will be counted on to help kickstart united 's season .  but some will be surprised that united did not sign a central defender .  united has amassed two points from its opening three league game .
 the myth of balancing motherhood and a successful career <sec> facebook executive sheryl sandberg has written a new book , `` lean in '' .  she hopes to inspire women to realize more success in the corporate world .  maria kefalas is a self-described `` recovering supermom '' .  she is n't sure sandberg has the right recipe for success for working mom .
 the 10 most innovative web companies <sec> in 2009 , twitter boasted some 20 million users . .  today ? .  more than 200 million .  bing has begun nipping away at google 's market thanks to patnerships .  netflix has boldly cannibalized its own dvd-by-mail busines .
 to fight flu , arm your immune system with diet , rest <sec> most effective way to fight flu , including h1n1 virus , is to get vaccinated .  eat lean protein , fat-free dairy products and good fats to boost immune system .  moderate , regular exercise and adequate rest are necessary to keep health .
 dubai in dock over israeli tennis star 's ban <sec> israeli tennis player back in tel aviv after being denied entry for dubai event .  shahar peer told night before tournament she would not be granted visa by uae .  wta chief larry scott warned dubai tournament could lose place on calendar .  scott : `` this runs counter to everything we were promised and is a setback .
 'zombieland ' not your standard brain-eating fare <sec> in new movie `` zombieland , '' focus is on the stars and the comedy .  movie 's performers include woody harrelson , abigail breslin .  one of film 's writers had seen just one zombie film in his life .  among movie 's surprises : a cameo from an oscar-nominated acto .
 will high gas price be obama 's achilles ' heel ? <sec> average gas price has reached $ 3.87 nationwide -- the highest ever recorded in march .  ford o'connell : increases in gas prices can hurt president obama 's re-election chance .  he says republican candidates must seize the moment to push for a different energy policy .  o'connell : if president obama does n't change his policies , he may lose his job in novembe .
 e. coli outbreak linked to sprouts ; hummus , dips , walnuts recalled <sec> e. coli outbreak linked to sprouts with patients in washington and idaho .  listeria monocytogenes , a bacterium , spurs recall of hummus , dip and walnuts .  listeria infection symptoms can be mild but may be serious in vulnerable peopl .
 saunas , soaking and chess : hungary 's best spas <sec> hungary owes its spa culture to romans and ottoman turks , and the country 's extensive hot springs .  admission price for most spas is less than $ 15 , although facilities can be more functional than plush .  budapest 's szechenyi complex is one of the largest spas in europ .
 world 's oldest benedictine monk dies at 108 <sec> father theodore heck was just shy of 80th anniversary as a priest .  monk continued learning , teaching all through his life , archabbot says .  he `` revolutionized '' education at saint meinrad archabbe .
 would you pay money to see 'macgruber 2 ' ? <sec> will forte and director jorma taccone have been discussing a `` macgruber '' sequel .  `` macgruber '' in 2010 only made a mere $ 4.1 million on its opening weekend .  it certainly did n't lose that much thanks to its small $ 10 million budge .
 two arrested in sydney after terror raid <sec> two men charged with `` acts done in preparation for , or planning terrorist acts '' .  they were arrested after a raid on an address in a suburb in western sydney .  comes weeks after a siege in a sydney cafe left two hostages dea .
 paul walker 's mother drops custody bid for late actor 's daughter <sec> cheryl walker filed for guardianship of 15-year-old meadow in march .  she claimed that meadow 's mother had a `` drinking problem '' .  however , she has now requested that her petition be dismissed .  paul walker died in a car crash in novembe .
 sunday oliseh : from super eagle to african pioneer <sec> sunday oliseh played for nigeria at the 1994 and 1998 world cups .  former midfielder was the first nigerian to play in italy 's serie a .  oliseh won an olympic gold medal at the 1996 atlanta games .  he believes african nations must change their approach if they are ever to win a world cu .
 sri lanka rejects tamil tigers cease-fire <sec> government says it will continue offensive against tamil tiger rebels .  rebels control a dwindling swath of north sri lanka .  u.n. agency says 100,000 refugees have fled fightin .
 'i hurt , ' michael jackson says 6 weeks before death <sec> new : photo of michael jackson 's body on gurney shown to jury .  jurors hear full recording of jackson with slow , slurred speech .  depressed children `` reach out to me , '' jackson tells dr. conrad murray .  `` god wants me to do it , i 'm going to do it , conrad , '' jackson says in recordin .
 prosecutor : oregon teen planned columbine-style attack at his school <sec> police searched the school for explosives and are planning a second search .  prosecutor : grant acord made bombs and planned an attack deadlier than columbine 's .  the teen hid explosives in a secret floorboard compartment in his bedroom , the da says .  the bombs were made with napalm , drain cleaner and flammable liquids , authorities sa .
 idaho company recalls alfalfa sprouts , citing salmonella threat <sec> evergreen produce issues a voluntary recall of alfalfa and spicy sprouts .  the move comes days after warnings from federal health authorities .  according to the cdc , there are 21 cases in 5 states tied to the sprout .
 study : one in three mobile phone owners is a regular mobile gamer <sec> survey shows high percentage of adults in uk and u.s. into mobile gaming .  thirty-one percent of u.s. mobile users now own a smartphone .  half of gamers said they had upgraded a free trial game to the full or paid versio .
 possible step toward aids vaccine development <sec> researchers believe they 've found a way to give our immune systems an advantage .  the immune system could be made to churn out hiv-immune cells .  there is hope that the discovery could be used in developing a vaccin .
 colorado craigslist fetal abduction : attempted murder charge in <sec> d.a . .  acknowledges that some people demand a homicide charge .  `` that is not possible under colorado law without proof of live birth , '' he says .  dynel lane is held on $ 2 million bond in an attack on a seven-months ' pregnant woma .
 fbi : puffer fish poison possession leads to man 's arrest <sec> fbi : edward bachner tried to buy 98 milligrams of tetrodotoxin through the web .  neurotoxin , commonly found in puffer fish species , can cause paralysis and death .  bachner was arrested after accepting a small amount from an undercover official .  if convicted , the 35-year-old faces 10 years in priso .
 serving philanthropy by the pint <sec> breweries and bars are giving patrons an easy way to give back , just by buying beer .  sweetwater 's 'second helping ' has sold out all around atlanta .  proceeds from the beer go to benefit non-profit 'the giving kitchen ' .  other beer-based charities benefit farmers , the hungry , clean water and a rotating cast of beneficiarie .
 fact check : was obama 'silent ' on iran 2009 protests ? <sec> romney said obama was `` silent '' when iranians took to the streets in 2009 .  obama 's initial response was `` muted , '' the council on foreign relations says .  obama made public remarks a few days in .  a week later , the president used tougher language against ira .
 guatemalans to file appeal over std experiments <sec> a judge dismissed a lawsuit against the u.s. government .  a group of guatemalans sued because of std experiments carried out on human subjects .  the government successfully argued it was immune because it happened abroa .
 amanda knox retrial : prosecutor calls for 30-year sentence <sec> a prosecutor calls for amanda knox to be given a 30-year sentence at her retrial .  knox and her former boyfriend are accused in the 2007 killing of a british student .  their convictions were overturned in 2011 , but a higher court last year ordered a retrial .  the prosecutor also calls for a 26-year sentence for knox 's ex-boyfriend raffaele sollecit .
 cnn fact check : romney against 2014 deadline in afghanistan before he was for it <sec> third presidential debate covers foreign policy .  troop withdrawal from afghanistan a point of disagreement .  u.s. forces have been in afghanistan since 200 .
