 the masters : why the man who designed augusta died in poverty <sec> alister mackenzie , a physician turned golf architect , designed famed augusta national course .  the scot was enlisted to help by bobby jones , a multiple golf champion of the 1920s .  mackenzie never received full payment for his work and died before first masters was held .  many of his design principles still permeate the course despite many changes over the year .
 world 's most exotic ski resort ? hitting the slopes at masik , n. korea <sec> snowboarder and journalist jean lee checks in at n. korea 's new luxury ski resort .  masik , which opened on january 1 , has 11 ski runs and a 120-room hotel .  resort `` built for locals '' -- foreigners may come with tour group .
 as protest march unfolds , bahrain urges 'national dialogue ' <sec> thousands demonstrate in bahrain .  the government releases a new death toll figure .  the king releases some prisoners and closes cases against several shiite leaders .  the move clears the way for return of an opposition leade .
 chinese hesitant to buy electric vehicles <sec> denza is an affordable electric vehicle that taps the chinese mass market .  government hopes to put 5 million green cars on the roads by 2020 .  nationwide network of charging stations may soon be realit .
 extremists do n't speak for libya <sec> u.s. consulate in libya was attacked ; some thought it was because of a video .  noman benotman : the attack was most likely a pre-planned terrorist operation .  he says attack does not represent views of most libyans , who are grateful to u.s . .  benotman : the international community must not give up on libya 's reconstructio .
 major democratic operative joins rick perry legal team <sec> rick perry has added mark fabiani to his high-powered legal team .  fabiani has deep ties to the democratic party , including the clintons and al gore .  perry 's lawyers filed papers requesting his indictment be droppe .
 kiwi versus big cat : toddler confronts large , angry lion <sec> video shows young new zealand girl facing off with a large lion called malik .  the big cat glares and growls at the young girl just inches away from her face .  zoo keeper : malik is a huge and 'dark-natured ' lion who is 'quite stroppy .
 report : blackwater 'impeded ' probe into contractor deaths <sec> house probe : blackwater tried to delay , impede investigation into 2004 killings .  four blackwater employees ambushed , killed in falluja in 2004 incident .  company said unclassified documents were classified , report says .  blackwater calls report `` a one-sided version of this tragic incident .
 kids in argentina learn to grow their own food <sec> community efforts have reclaimed lots filled with garbage into urban gardens .  children 's hunger and undernourishment are big problems in argentina .  organizations hope that by teaching children about farming , they can have access to nutritious foo .
 man killed in shark attack while fishing in hawaii <sec> the man was fishing from a kayak when a shark bit his dangling foot .  his companion tried to save him , but he died on the way to shore .  this is the 13th shark incident in hawaii so far this year , authorities sa .
 latest guinness world records : from the amazing to the wacky <sec> the 2011 edition is out thursday .  the longest dog tongue and largest collection of smurfs are among the record .
 'some success , some failure ' in colorado wildfire fight <sec> new : `` we 're gaining , '' u.s. forest service incident commander says .  new : families may be allowed to return to some neighborhoods wednesday and thursday .  new : the fire has scorched at least 46,600 acres in high park , colorado .  thick clouds of smoke are visible from miles around ; 1,000 personnel now involved in figh .
 death a nightmare for 'grey 's anatomy ' fans <sec> `` grey 's anatomy '' is in its 11th season .  derek shepherd , played by patrick dempsey , died after a car cras .
 greek new democracy leader hails 'victory for all europe ' <sec> new : news appears to boost markets -- japanese stocks rise in early trading monday .  eu leaders praise greek `` courage and resilience '' .  second-place syriza says it will keep fighting bailouts .  the vote is a referendum on the euro used by 325 million people , a former minister say .
 rice : russian military interference in ukraine would be 'grave mistake ' <sec> `` the united states is on the side of the ukrainian people , '' susan rice says .  expert says ukraine and russia are `` linked by blood '' .  sen. john mccain : if he were putin , he would be nervous over raging protest .
 indiana gov . extends public health emergency due to hiv <sec> gov . .  mike pence extends public health emergency by 30 days .  129 cases of hiv have been confirmed since mid-december .  more than 4,300 needles have been distributed through temporary needle exchange progra .
 former nba player jailed in georgia , faces murder charges <sec> javaris crittenton waives first appearance before a judge .  he is charged with murder in the death of a mother of four in atlanta .  he starrred at georgia tech and was drafted by the l.a. laker .
 motogp to visit austin , texas in 2013 <sec> the motogp world championship will visit austin , texas in 2013 .  the new circuit of the americas will also stage a formula one race in 2013 .  motogp already has two rounds in america , at laguna seca and the indianapoli .
 head-butt epl manager charged with improper conduct by english fa <sec> english fa charge alan pardew with improper conduct .  newcastle manager pardew head-butted an opposition player during epl match .  has been fined $ 168,000 by his club .  fa describe case as 'non-standard .
 hrt replace sick yamamoto ; briatore says schu 's f1 return a mistake <sec> hrt have withdrawn sakon yamamoto from the singapore grand prix through illness .  he will be replaced by austrian test driver christian klien who has not raced since 2006 .  flavio briatore says michael schumacher made a mistake by returning to formula one .  former renault boss also says he has no plans to return to the spor .
 'swamp people ' star mitchell guist dies <sec> `` mitchell passed on the swamp , doing what he loved , '' the history channel says .  he fell on a boat and may have had a seizure , a sheriff says .  `` swamp people '' chronicles the lives of alligator hunters in louisian .
 england drop wilkinson for six nations finale against france <sec> former world cup hero jonny wilkinson dropped by england for clash with france .  wilkinson relegated to bench for final match of 2010 six nations tournament .  toby flood will start in his place , casting doubt over wilkinson 's international future .  france seeking to win the six nations title for the first time since 200 .
 real capitalize on controversial nani red card to sink man utd <sec> real madrid beat 10-man manchester united 2-1 .  nani controversially sent off just before the hour mark .  goals from luka modric and cristiano ronaldo for real .  borussia dortmund beat shakhtar donetsk 3-0 to go through 5-2 on aggregat .
 u.n. blasts celebrity drug abuse <sec> u.n. says celebrity drug use encourages adolescent substance abuse .  report says leniency towards celebrities hurts criminal justice system .  report finds britain , italy , spain have among highest rates of cocaine us .
 spanish airline spanair goes bust , strands passengers <sec> the last spanair flight landed on friday evening .  other spanish airlines are offering extra seats and special fares to help ease the situation .  madrid and barcelona airports do not report large numbers of stranded passenger .
 driver hits israeli border police , authorities call it terror attack <sec> four israeli border police and a cyclist were hit . .  the suspect was shot and severely wounde .
 nike co-founder , wife promise half of new billion-dollar cancer push <sec> phil knight 's announcement stuns backers of oregon health university .  phil and penny knight promise $ 500 million if others put up same amount in two years .  couple made earlier gift of $ 100 million .  university president : gift will bring new treatments , earlier detection of cance .
 sanctions take toll on ordinary iranians <sec> some tehran residents say they have cut back on what they buy , eat .  prices are soaring and the iranian rial has been severely devalued .  the latest round of sanctions came after a report on iran 's nuclear program .  the european union is considering an oil embargo monda .
 newtown officer thomas bean faces firing over post-massacre ptsd <sec> newtown police officer , haunted by tragedy , faces termination because of ptsd .  thomas bean has contemplated cutting himself and continues to have flashbacks of the carnage .  newtown 's police union may file a lawsuit against the city .  state covers mental health if it 's accompanied by physical injury , lawmaker say .
 shaquille o'neal 's hero gives abuse victims a way out <sec> o'neal 's work in law enforcement taught him the serious nature of domestic violence .  his hero , karen earl , runs the jenesse center , which aids abuse victims .  the los angeles center helps more than 8,500 victims every year .  the center gives women a chance to overcome adversity , o'neal sai .
 u.s. calls purported sex tape 'doctored ' and 'smear campaign ' <sec> new : russian officials are being `` very cooperative , '' u.s. official says .  russian site allegedly shows state department employee having sex with prostitute .  u.s. ambassador says video clips `` clearly fabricated '' .  official : tape meant to discredit employee working in religious and human right .
 president ma says sorry again for typhoon response <sec> taiwan president ma ying-jeou apologized again for response to typhoon morakot .  ma is planning sweeping changes and may punish some government officials .  more than 300 people feared dead as rescuers struggle to find missing person .
 feds try to force arizona shooting suspect to give writing sample <sec> jared loughner is refusing the government 's request for a writing sample .  authorities want it to compare with notes found in his home after the shooting .  loughner faces 49 charges related to a mass shooting outside a tucson marke .
 the schapelle corby saga <sec> corby , then 27 , was arrested at bali 's airport with marijuana in her luggage in 2004 .  the australian trainee beautician insists she was set up .  a bali court convicts her of drug trafficking , sentencing her to 20 years in prison .  her case has been one of the most-watched criminal trials in australian histor .
 nelson mandela has lung infection <sec> mandela was hospitalized over the weekend .  doctors ran tests on the 94-year-old .  former south african president won the nobel peace prize for fighting racial segregatio .
 opinion : sterling apology was an epic fail <sec> lauren bloom : sterling 's self-serving apology confirmed the worst everyone thinks of him .  bloom : his pleas for forgiveness and self-justification were a blatant bid to keep clippers .  his excuse ? .  he was `` baited . '' .  she says attacking magic johnson is big mistake .  bloom : what he got right : admitted he said ugly things , hurt people , lawsuit too costl .
 secret hotels of the loire valley <sec> hotel diderot in chinon is housed in a sprawling 15th-century home .  the 18-room la roseraie is a five-minute walk from château de chenonceau .  auberge du centre in chitenay has 26 brightly decorated room .
 in interview , zimmerman gives shooting account , expresses regret <sec> new : martin family reacts to zimmerman comments .  zimmerman gives his account of martin shooting , says he screamed for help .  he says he is not a racist or a murderer .  he gave his first television interview to fox news on wednesda .
 hot thrillers in time for the holidays <sec> michael connelly brings back hard-boiled detective harry bosch in `` the black box '' .  eliot pattison chronicles mysterious investigator shan tao yun in `` mandarin gate '' .  `` city of dark magic '' by magnus flyte is a genre-busting novel of magic and mystery .  `` cold days '' is jim butcher 's 14th novel featuring the popular harry dresden characte .
 harvard tells professors : no more sex with undergrads <sec> harvard bans all romantic relationships between professors and students .  policy comes on heels of investigation into title ix violation .
 winter travel woes : 8 things to do right now <sec> icy flight disruptions stacking up in the northeast and chicago .  more than 1,400 u.s. flights canceled wednesday .  airlines are offering fee-free itinerary change .
 u.s. , britain close embassies in yemen <sec> obama aide cites indications al qaeda planning attack in yemeni capital .  u.s. embassy in yemen shuts down due to ongoing terror threats .  british embassy also closes sunday due to security concerns .  attempted bombing of u.s.-bound plane reportedly linked to al qaeda unit based in yeme .
 iselle leaves hawaii ; hurricane julio to miss the state <sec> new : all tropical storm warnings have been canceled .  iselle has already delivered 11 inches of rain on the big island .  hurricanes and other tropical cyclones rarely make landfall in hawaii .  julio is tracking north and may just brush the hawaiian island .
 haiti president says estimates put quake death toll in thousands <sec> president rene preval says it is too early to know how many killed by quake .  he says priority is to clear the streets so aid vehicles can get through .  preval says presidential mansion and his personal home are unlivabl .
 ebola : patient zero was a toddler in guinea <sec> researchers believe 2-year-old emile ouamouno was patient zero .  the boy lived in the southern guinea village of meliandou .  several of his family members also died , but his father survive .
 man city blows chance to close gap on chelsea in premier league <sec> manchester city blows two-goal lead at home and draws lowly burnley 2-2 .  chelsea had earlier drawn 10-man southampton 1-1 away from home .  man city could have cut chelsea 's advantage to one point atop epl table .  elsewhere , manchester united and tottenham played to a goalless dra .
 europe 's best budget ski resorts <sec> these budget slopes make every fall a little softer on the wallet .  east means cheap , especially if you 're after a european ski holiday .  bulgaria is gaining a reputation as a top destination for skier .
 brooklyn kids give back in south africa <sec> thirty kids from bushwick , brooklyn , took part in `` journey for change '' .  malaak compton-rock spearheaded the mission to empower `` at-risk '' youth .  kids , ages 12 to 15 , volunteered to serve the impoverished , aids orphans .  kids were required to sign one-year contracts to become `` global ambassadors .
 what beijing looks like on a gloriously clear day <sec> beijing 's smog has been particularly bad this year .  china 's action plan for air pollution control calls for $ 230b to be spent on pollution controls .  the rare clear day provokes a frenzy of picture taking in the capita .
 hooters blackballs san diego mayor <sec> hooters , other businesses say bob filner is persona non grata .  filner 's official credit card bills under scrutiny amid complaints .  the san diego mayor has been accused of sexually harassing numerous women .  filner answers recall petition drive : `` now is not the time to go backwards .
 opinion : at 90 , george h.w . bush celebrates a life of service <sec> mary kate cary : george h.w . .  bush , turning 90 , is recognized for his service .  she says he sought to have a life of `` meaning and adventure '' and succeeded .  cary : 41st president has much to teach millennials looking to make a difference in life .  she a produced film , airing on cnn , with interviews of 41 who know bush bes .
 late penalty gives wales narrow win <sec> wales defeat ireland 23-21 in their six nations opener on sunday .  a late penalty from leigh halfpenny ensures wales victory in dublin .  it is wales ' third successive six nations success against their opponent .
 bush shifting u.s. troops from iraq to afghanistan <sec> new : sen. barack obama , house armed services chairman criticize scope , timing .  new : iraq views decision as `` positive move , '' aide to iraqi leader says .  iraq force to be trimmed by 8,000 ; afghanistan force to rise by 4,500 .  president bush cites increased stability in iraq , stronger insurgency in afghanista .
 rutgers president needs reality check <sec> steve politi : how could rutgers hire anyone with a questionable coaching background ? .  athletic director julie hermann had promised new era at rutgers after mike rice debacle .  politi : sports shape the public image of a school and dominate media attention .  politi asks how rutgers president did n't understand reach of an athletics scanda .
 8 startup-style inspirations for work space décor <sec> some startups are trading up scrappy , bland decor for customized work spaces .  a few diy tricks can create a work space that reflects a company 's values .  brit + co. gave their employees $ 50 each for `` pimp your desk '' contest .  office of wedding site 's lover.ly 's is decorated with paper hearts that match log .
 mexican drug kingpin 's nephew pleads guilty to conspiracy charges <sec> rafael cardenas vela admits to being a `` plaza boss '' in mexico 's gulf cartel .  he is the nephew of convicted drug kingpin osiel cardenas guillen .  cardenas vela faces a maximum of life in prison , $ 10 million fin .
 father denies killing daughter in uk 'honor murder ' case <sec> shafilea ahmed 's father says he is `` devastated '' to be accused of killing the 17-year-old .  shafilea 's mother unexpectedly says she saw her husband attack the girl .  shafilea 's sister testified last month that she saw her parents stuff a plastic bag into her mouth .  the united nations estimates there could be 5,000 honor murders per year worldwid .
 faa furloughs over , air traffic controllers back on the job <sec> president barack obama signs bill to end faa furloughs .  his signature was delayed by a typo in the bill .  despite the delayed signature , the fix went into effect over the weekend .  thousands of delays were attributed to the weeklong staffing cut .
 american singer on 'arabs got talent ' falls just short <sec> new : singer `` really happy '' to make final three , praises syrian winners .  jennifer grout barely speaks arabic but loves traditional arabic music .  singer , 23 , is from massachusetts .  judges , audience praised her at saturday 's final .
 turkish police disperse environmentalists in istanbul <sec> demonstrators in istanbul protest construction of a road through a forest in ankara .  police use their shields and water cannons to clear istanbul 's main commercial street .  prime minister : `` for a road , everything can be sacrificed , because a road is civilization .
 photos of hands backed up pearl slaying confession , report finds <sec> officials used 'vein-matching ' to tie khalid sheikh mohammed to pearl 's killing , report says .  mohammed has said he killed the journalist , but has not been charged .  the report is a result of a three-year investigatio .
 pushcart classes help break gang chain <sec> efren peñaflorida was bullied by gangs in high school in the philippines .  now his dynamic teen company offers an alternative to gangs through education .  since 1997 , some 10,000 members have taught more than 1,500 children in slums .  vote now for the cnn hero of the year at cnn.com/heroe .
 world reacts to egypt 's coup <sec> new : iran raised concern over the `` continuance of clashes '' in egypt .  britain `` never supports '' military intervention but does n't demand mohamed morsy 's return .  obama urges quick return to civilian leadership but does n't seek morsy 's reinstatement .  turkey : `` powers of egypt 's elected authorities should immediately be reinstated .
 suspect in anchorwoman 's killing to be arraigned <sec> curtis lavell vance , 28 , has been charged with capital murder , rape , burglary , theft .  anne pressly was found unconscious in her home in october and died five days later .  vance was linked to the killing through dna testing .  dna evidence also ties vance to a rape in april in marianna , arkansas , police sa .
