 alleged tiger woods mistress publishes 'sext ' messages <sec> new : woods ' management company has no immediate comment on the texts .  new : the messages include plans for meetings ; some are sexually explicit .  veronica siwik-daniels posts 120 text messages she says tiger woods sent her .  `` he has not taken responsibility for his behavior , '' siwik-daniels say .
 no survivors found as 83 miners trapped after tibet landslide <sec> rescuers seek 83 miners after massive landslide in tibet autonomous region .  no survivors or bodies have been found yet ; rescue efforts ongoing .  likelihood of miners ' survival are slim , says government officia .
 brazilian great ronaldo plumps for messi ahead of cristiano as world 's best player <sec> former brazil striker picks messi ahead of portugal forward as world 's best player .  three-time winner of ballon d'or and double world cup winner confident brazil will be great hosts in 2014 .  the 35-year-old says young players like neymar , pato and thiago silva give brazil hope of victor .
 america 's cup : is airbus team usa 's 'secret weapon ? ' <sec> airbus partners with team usa to create high-tech yacht .  part of larry ellison 's multimillion dollar america 's cup bid .  modern airplanes and yachts have similar rigid wings and sails .  airbus also using shark-like skin on wings to improve air flo .
 neymar not taxed by poor form ahead of world cup <sec> neymar says his performances have not been affected by transfer saga .  the 22-year-old is saddened by how former club santos has behaved .  the brazil international is targeting a world cup win on home soi .
 dad shares emotions of preemie son 's first months <sec> benjamin miller made a video of his son 's first year of life .  ward was born 15 weeks early and had bleeding in his brain .  ward miles miller is now mostly health .
 three priests , teacher arrested in spain sex abuse case <sec> police arrest catholic priests and teacher in granada , spain , on suspicion of sex abuse .  spanish online journal : pope phoned alleged victim , sought forgiveness for church .  arrests of three priests in a single day is biggest case of its kind in spain , official says .  court in granada set to hear initial charges within three day .
 miranda and costa fire atletico to la liga victory over elche <sec> atletico madrid move seven points clear at top of la liga after victory over elche .  goals from jaoa miranda and diego costa seal 2 - 0 win at vincente calderon .  atleti can now lift first title in 18 years with victory in next three la liga matche .
 child porn investigation catches california lawyer <sec> wade rowland sanders admitted to having 600 images of minors on his computer .  sanders was chosen to introduce john kerry at the 2004 democratic convention .  sanders will be sentenced march 30 and could get up to 10 years in priso .
 cancer drug erases man 's fingerprints , doctor says <sec> u.s. immigration officials detain cancer patient who lacked fingerprints .  drug causes skin to peel , sometimes obliterates prints , doctor writes .  physician suggests affected travelers carry notes from doctor .
 pass law to expose unfair pay <sec> paycheck fairness act would keep employers from firing employees for discussing pay .  mariko chang : secrecy keeps people from discovering they are paid less than others .  act would prevent employers from paying women less just based on gender , she says .  chang : the act would close loopholes that make it easy for employers to discriminat .
 rotarix rotavirus vaccine contaminated , officials say <sec> doctors have been advised to suspend use of rotarix rotavirus vaccine .  another vaccine , rotateq , is still ok to use , officials say .  glaxosmithkline , maker of rotarix , says the contamination is not harmfu .
 elephants , rangers face growing threats in chad <sec> rangers in chad 's zakouma national park face a serious threat from poaching operations .  in recent years , park rangers have been executed in their line of work .  90 % of the park 's elephants have been slaughtered for their ivory .  poachers have come from neighboring sudan ; now the car war presents a new threa .
 leaving syria ship before it sinks ? <sec> russia has sent two planes so that about 100 of its citizens who want to can leave syria .  the russian government has denied that this is an evacuation .  these actions are not the first indication that moscow expects the assad regime may fall , says kat .
 protests continue to ripple across mideast , north africa <sec> jordan 's king swears in a new government , including opposition members , newspaper editor .  analyst says syria could be immune to protests because it is a pariah state .  in lebanon , hezbollah 's leader says arab unrest stems from ties to u.s. , israel .  protests prompt algerian government to tackle food taxes , youth unemploymen .
 report : bodyguards for iraqi finance minister arrested <sec> nuri al-maliki rejects claims against him , says iraq has seen enough sectarian strife .  judicial spokesman says nine bodyguards and security chief have been arrested .  iraqi finance minister says guards were taken from baghdad offices .  thousands protest in falluja against arrests , call for release of those detaine .
 analysts offer advice to obama on latin america <sec> obama goes to fifth summit of the americas next month .  three analysts are speaking to congress this week about summit .  one says obama should recognize he 's not surrounded by friends .  another says he should address issue of cuba , which will not be at summi .
 mother , 3 children dead after she drives van into river , police say <sec> an 11-month-old girl , 2-year-old boy , 5-year-old boy and their mother died .  an investigation suggests the mother intentionally drove into the hudson river .  a relative had called earlier to report a `` domestic disturbance , '' police sa .
 former nypd commissioner kerik pleads guilty to lying to white house <sec> prosecutors recommend 27- to 33-month sentence for bernard kerik .  former nypd commissioner to be sentenced on february 18 .  kerik had been scheduled to go on trial next week on several corruption charges .  he also indicated he would admit tax violations as part of a plea dea .
 loya jirga meets to weigh in on u.s.-afghan security deal <sec> afghan elders meet at the loya jirga to weigh in on important issues .  at a loya jirga , they aim to bridge divides among ethnic groups , create consensus .  their decision is not binding , but afghan president karzai has said he will abide by it .  john kerry says `` it 's up to the people of afghanistan '' to approve the agreemen .
 cnn 's going green : 'your green world ' <sec> going green returns to look at cutting edge green projects happening all over the world .  from solar boats in hong kong and south korean steel plants to `` upcycling '' in the united states .  host philippe cousteau examines plight of loggerhead sea turtles off south carolina coas .
 aging pearl harbor attack survivors passing on the baton <sec> pearl harbors survivors association formally disbands at end of month .  another group , individuals are taking up the baton .  this year 's commemoration marks 70 years since dec. 7 attacks on oahu .  cremated remains of two service members will be placed in ships at pearl harbo .
 commentary : 'educate a woman , create a nation ' <sec> dina powell : as we mark women 's month , there are encouraging signs .  both parties in the u.s. are taking steps to invest in the role of women , she says .  she says studies show that more education decreases infant mortality .  investing in women 's education leads to increases in economic growth , she say .
 homegrown terrorist threat to be part of national security strategy <sec> national security strategy acts as blueprint for how white house plans to protect americans .  inclusion of homegrown terrorism comes after a spate of terror-related plots in the u.s . .  national security adviser john brennan calls al qaeda a `` resilient , resourceful and determined enemy .  strategy will require a `` broad '' and `` sustained '' campaign against terrorist group .
 let 's see tea party deliver on civil rights <sec> roland martin says tea party spokesman claimed civil rights high ground in recent debate .  tea party 's criticism of naacp would surprise civil rights groups , he says .  he challenges tea party to address racial profiling , education , `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' .  martin : tea partiers have talked the talk on civil rights , now they should walk the wal .
 jessa duggar shares pic of kiss with husband <sec> `` 19 kids & counting '' star jessa duggar got married on nov. 1 .  she shared a pic of her kissing her husband on instagram .  the wedding will be aired on tl .
 stanislas wawrinka wins first match since australian open triumph <sec> stanislas wawrinka wins first match since claiming australian open .  helps switzerland to 2-0 lead over serbia in davis cup first round tie .  roger federer wins opening rubber for swiss against serbia team without novak djokovic .  maria sharapova into semifinals of wta tournament in pari .
 colin farrell , vince vaughn lead 'true detective ' season 2 cast <sec> `` true detective '' casting : colin farrell as cop , vince vaughn as criminal .  new season allegedly to be set in california .  plenty of rumors , but little confirmation on storylin .
 12 jurors , 4 alternates seated in sandusky trial <sec> half of chosen jurors and alternates have penn state connections .  the judge denies a request for a continuance from sandusky 's attorney .  opening statements in the trial are expected to start monday .  jerry sandusky is charged with sexually abusing 10 boys for at least 15 year .
 kanye west tells leno 'my hurt caused someone else 's hurt ' <sec> rapper grabbed mic from taylor swift as she accepted the best female video award .  west appears on `` the jay leno show '' and says `` it was rude , period '' .  apologies from celebrities behaving badly have boosted leno 's rating .
 beckham injury mars late milan victory <sec> clarence seedorf scored a last minute goal to give milan 1-0 win over chievo .  the result sees milan close to within one point of inter at the top of serie a table . .  david beckham is substituted with an achilles injury leaving his world cup in doub .
 muhammad ali released from hospital <sec> former world heavyweight champion had urinary tract infection , spokesman says .  doctors initially had said 72-year-old ali had pneumoni .
 israel ids missing military personnel in romania crash <sec> the crash occurred during a joint exercise , the romanian defense ministry says .  1 romanian service member and 6 israelis were on board .  the israeli crew includes four pilots and two mechanic .
 uk hindu fights for funeral pyre 'dignity ' <sec> british hindu fights in court to be allowed to be cremated on funeral pyre .  he says local officials ' refusal to allow funeral pyre breach his human rights .  officials : cremations outside of crematoria are illegal under 1902 cremation ac .
 zimbabwe : president mugabe announces new cabinet <sec> mugabe 's cabinet is mainly composed of his allies from his previous appointments .  it retains a ministry to oversee the policy of seizing the majority stake of foreign-owned firms .  there are no appointments from the oppositio .
 when is it ok to leave your teens home alone overnight ? <sec> in `` brutally honest '' series , kelly wallace takes on provocative parenting questions .  only a few states have laws setting a minimum age on when a child can be left home alone .  `` trust and verify '' when leaving kids home alone overnight , says a family therapist and autho .
 ou to hire vice president of diversity amid fallout from racist video <sec> university president david boren says he decided to make the hire two months ago .  a video of a racist chant by a university fraternity made headlines nationwide this wee .
 u.s. terror raids : two operations . two outcomes . many questions <sec> u.s. forces launched raids in libya and somalia over the weekend .  they captured abu anas al libi , a suspected al qaeda operative , in tripoli .  navy seals came under fire while trying to get an al-shabaab fighter in somali .
 the royal wedding in the land of twitter <sec> new : there were 300 tweets per second using the royal wedding hashtag at the peak of the excitement .  tweets chronicle and comment on the royal wedding .  twitter posts marvel at and poke fun of the nuptials .  internet postings come from around the worl .
 how the web fed our 'dignity revolution ' <sec> the tunisian uprising was triggered by mohamed bouazizi 's death by self-immolation .  videos showing bouazizi 's burning body circulated the web .  lina ben mhenni posted online what she saw of the revolution , it was spontaneously shared .  but she says the internet was only one thing in a chain of factors which led to the revolutio .
 images of tahrir : egypt 's revolutionary art <sec> egyptian visual artist nermine hammam is exhibiting her first solo show in the uk .  she says egypt 's revolution has made her extraordinarily productive .  she has taken more than 70,000 photos of events in tahrir square for her work .  it remains to be seen whether there will be an artistic revival in the new egypt , she say .
 new dr. seuss book set for release in july <sec> a new dr. seuss book will be released on july 28 .  `` what pet should i get ? '' .  was probably written between 1958 and 1962 .  dr. seuss , aka theodor seuss geisel , died in 199 .
 tsa chief will be a 'no show ' at congressional hearing <sec> agency director says house committee does n't have jurisdiction .  transportation chairman has been tough critic of tsa .  hearing will go on as planned with other witnesse .
 palestinian female olympian : 'miracles do happen ' <sec> four palestinian athletes will compete at the 2012 olympics in london .  woroud sawalha , 20 , will take part in the women 's 800 meters event .  bahaa al-farra , a 21-year-old from gaza , will run in the men 's 400 meters .  al-farra has no proper track to train on , and works out in a public gy .
 women still face great wall of discrimination in china <sec> discrimination against women in rife in china .  successfully-fought gender discrimination cases are almost nonexistent .  discrimination changing from `` overt '' to `` recessive '' .  international women 's day celebrations in china can be misguide .
 host neil patrick harris teases tony awards 'surprises ' <sec> the tony awards hold the dearest spot in neil patrick harris ' heart .  `` i think the celebratory tone of it makes it my favorite show to host , '' says harris .  `` there will be a couple surprises ! '' .  he say .
 ex-husband of american woman killed in uae speaks out <sec> ibolya ryan , 47 , was killed in a mall restroom in abu dhabi .  she was a schoolteacher and mother of three .  her ex-husband has arrived in the country to take care of their childre .
 democrats in tampa : what did romney build ? <sec> obama campaign and democratic national committee are in tampa getting their message out .  l.a. mayor : `` it 's worth asking : what did romney build ? '' .  maryland governor : `` romney economics would spell disaster for america 's middle class '' .  romney camp fires back : obama `` can not defend a record of broken promises and failed policies .
 75 brawl during ohio party for 3-year-old girl <sec> brawl breaks out at birthday party for toddler .  about 20 officers swarm to hall in cincinnati suburb .  girl 's father and her mother 's boyfriend got into fight , police sa .
 seeds for year-old egyptian revolution sown long ago <sec> one year ago january 25 , protesters began gathering in tahrir square .  egyptian-american reporter says that many events over years led to uprising .  ashraf khalil : many in egypt say current struggle is `` victory in itself .
 all the injustice money can buy <sec> faith jenkins calls judge 's decision in the `` affluenza '' drunk driving case `` despicable '' .  jenkins : privilege that justified killing four allows him to walk with virtually no consequences .  same judge sentenced a 14-year-old african-american teen to 10 years for punc .
 hotel towel dilemma : replace or reuse ? <sec> hotel guests who `` go green '' are happier with their stay .  increasing water and energy costs are pushing hotels to cut costs wherever they can .  many hotels find that guests do n't mind using the same towels and sheets every night .  tripadvisor will be adding a green label for hotels listed on its sit .
 at & t ; , t-mobile share networks to help sandy victims <sec> at & t and t-mobile will share networks in new york and new jersey .  customers of the two companies will automatically use the strongest network in their area .  the fcc estimates that a quarter of all cell towers are down in the states impacted by sand .
 beam me up , wolf ! cnn debuts election-night 'hologram ' <sec> cnn `` beamed '' a correspondent from chicago to its new york studios tuesday .  jessica yellin appeared to be standing before anchor wolf blitzer , who queried her .  the trick was done with a round green-screen room and 35 high-def video cameras .  the never-before-seen image already is being spoofed on the internet and t .
 revolights will turn your bike into a tron light cycle <sec> revolights are a set of wheel-mounted leds which increase cycle visibility .  the project raised five times the goal funding on kickstarter in 2011 .  now the team is looking to kickstarter again to develop wheels with in-built lights .  the lights are timed to blink depending on the speed the bike goes , preventing them from blinding rider .
 islamists take foreign hostages in attack on algerian oil field <sec> new : british national is dead , a spokesperson for britain 's foreign office says .  americans are among the hostages , the u.s. state department says .  the in amenas gas field is run jointly by bp , statoil and algeria 's sonatrac .  panetta calls hostage-taking a `` terrorist attack .
 yemen unrest throws wrench in obama 's terror message - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama had cited yemen as a success story in fight against terrorists .  the united states had been working with yemen 's government .  houthi rebels took over the presidential palace in yemen , official say .
 opinion : no one likes drunks on planes <sec> benét wilson : let 's not be shocked by drunken passengers misbehaving on planes .  wilson : intoxicated passengers who become abusive should be prosecuted .  she says flight attendants are the last line of defense against inebriated travelers .  wilson : airlines should also impose fees and/or limit on the number of drink .
 unlikely teachers find purpose in the classroom <sec> andrew fuller joined teach for america to help kids who are like he was .  the non-profit recruits non-traditional teachers to work in low-income communities .  joining tfa has changed many corps members ' career paths .  jared gourrier : `` i have this unwavering dedication to it now .
 fans in tiger 's firing line as rose blossoms at memorial tournament <sec> tiger woods struck three members in the crowd with wayward shots at the memorial tournament .  woods gave all three people a signed glove by way of apology .  justin rose shot a final round of 66 to register his first win on u.s. soi .
 computer spyware is newest weapon in syrian conflict <sec> u.s. antivirus experts say a virus is sending information to a server in syria .  activists : regime supporters are stealing oppositionists ' online identities ' .  imposters use stolen identities to pass the viruses to activists , opposition claims .  antivirus software may not yet optimally protect against the new viruse .
 report : both sides have committed war crimes in libya <sec> new : amnesty international staffer tells of hearing screams and whipping of prisoners .  moammar gadhafi loyalists engage in `` mass killing of prisoners , '' a report alleges .  the ntc is having a problem stopping abuses by rebel fighters , the report says .  the ntc responds , condemning `` any abuses perpetrated by either side .
 parents push for standardized screening of jewish genetic diseases <sec> 1 in 5 ashkenazi jews in the united states are carriers for a genetic disease .  couples who are carriers for the same disease have a 25 % chance of passing it to their kids .  jscreen identifies the risks for the 19 most common jewish genetic diseases .  proponents say genetic screening needs to be standardize .
 nasty linkedin rejection goes viral <sec> nasty response to a job-seeker goes viral for cleveland marketing pro .  kelly blazek runs a 7,300-member online job bank .  she called 26-year-old diana mekota 's request to join `` tacky '' .  on thursday , blazek had deleted her blog , twitter account and apologize .
