 'at last ' is our song : thank you , etta james <sec> etta james ' classic `` at last '' is a popular wedding song .  couples who featured the song at weddings pay tribute to the singer , who died january 20 .  some chose the song to show how long they dated ; others because they married later in life .  see all the tributes , including one bride 's rendition of the song , on cnn irepor .
 no grass , no shoes , pure pleasure : football in rural africa <sec> photographer jessica hilltout traveled across africa capturing role of football in society .  hilltout , not a sports fan , believes football is integral to people 's happiness .  she drove across the continent visiting whole raft of countries .  hilltout has set up a fund to help bring sports equipment to ghan .
 jim furyk ties golf record by scoring 59 at bmw championship <sec> jim furyk becomes the sixth man on golf 's pga tour to shoot a 59 .  furyk struck a 28 on his first nine holes and hit a birdie on his final hole to tie the record .  his round at the bmw championship outside chicago included an eagle on the 15th .  furyk struggled in the first round at conway farms , registering a one-over-par 7 .
 mexico , cuba , brazil : why latin america matters for u.s. national security <sec> latin america has a booming economy with more than $ 6 trillion in gdp .  deadly drug war in mexico and colombia , tensions in venezuela make region a concern .  several gop presidential candidates have weighed in on the volatile regio .
 india rejects superbug links <sec> india says such organisms are present everywhere .  scientists : tourists to asia are bringing back antibiotic resistant bacterial infection .  29 patients have been identified in the u .
 conservatives float alternative to boehner <sec> boehner has been speaker since 2011 and has said he 's not going anywhere .  hensarling says he 's flattered by the attention , but is not thinking about being speaker .  but he 's leaving the door open as some conservatives have been unhappy with boehner 's leadershi .
 on the front lines with libyan rebels <sec> vice embeds with rebel groups on the front lines in libya .  journalists were surprised by how young some rebels were .  when asked why they were fighting , `` freedom '' was the common answe .
 trial begins for man accused in new york subway terror plot <sec> accused terrorist adis medunjanin 's trial begins monday in new york .  prosecutors say he and two others were trained by al qaeda in pakistan .  they planned to detonate explosives on new york subways , they add .  a defense lawyer contends that `` the government is just wrong .
 'sex and the city ' creator moves to 'one fifth avenue ' <sec> candace bushnell has a new book , `` one fifth avenue '' .  it 's story of the scramble for a penthouse apartment owned by a high-society queen .  bushnell says she often knows her characters better than any real person .  books `` have to say something about contemporary life , '' she say .
 kosovo assembly elects nation 's first woman president <sec> atifete jahjaga , a relative unknown , was selected as a compromise candidate .  the election of a president in february had been ruled unconstitutional .  the constitution is to be amended to allow popular election of the presiden .
 social security and medicare reform ca n't wait <sec> sen. kay bailey hutchison says entitlement reform is critical to our health care security .  she says social security and medicare funds will head toward bankruptcy if action is not taken .  hutchison : it 's time for president obama to focus on reforming these programs .  she says congress should also step up to find a bipartisan solutio .
 pianist peter cincotti takes new direction <sec> peter cincotti had hit jazz album , now has album of pop songs .  native new yorker insisted angeleno david foster come to n.y. to produce .  cincotti started playing piano when he was 3 ; an early influence was jerry lee lewi .
 experts , muslims worry about fallout from hearing on radicalization <sec> some experts worry that a harsh spotlight could encourage terrorist activity .  it could play into the jihadist narrative that the west is at war with islam , experts say .  others say the hearing could produce a better understanding of radicalization .  the tone , as well as the substance , of the hearing is key , they sa .
 olympics : why africa fell by the wayside <sec> closure of africa village symbolic of administration failures , writes tolu ogunlesi .  the opening ceremony was highlight for medal-less nigeria .  `` we have made a spectacle of recycling our sporting failures , '' the african journalist said .  nigerian sports minister bolaji abdullahi will have work cut out for hi .
 opinion : putin 's move could be costly to u.s. , middle east <sec> aaron david miller : putin 's intervention in ukraine affects more than ukraine 's sovereignty .  miller : this crisis and u.s. response will affect how middle eastern nations see u.s . .  he says if putin looks strong and u.s looks ineffectual , syria , iran and others take notice .  miller : obama administration is risk-averse , and faces long odds vs. putin on ukrain .
 finding 'common ' ground with kids <sec> grammy award winner common is reaching out to kids on chicago 's south side .  his common ground foundation tries to help youth pursue their dreams .  common : 'a lot of my friends did n't have some of the opportunities i had .
 have you seen it ? iconic 9/11 flag 's whereabouts still a mystery <sec> the flag that became the subject of an iconic 9/11 photo went missing after it was hoisted .  tips roll in after cnn films ' documentary `` the flag '' airs , but none deemed viable .  possible sighting have come in las vegas , houston , west point and oskaloosa , iowa .  co-director says , `` it 's more than looking for a flag . .  it about looking for that feeling .
 sept. 11 families : keep guantanamo bay open <sec> families of september 11 victims urge obama to keep guantanamo bay open .  families also want obama to restart military commissions at facility .  obama administration trying to determine what to do with detainee .
 excavation turns up oldest gold jewelry in the americas <sec> a team finds the gold necklace near lake titicaca in peru .  find is important because it signals the emergence of societal status systems .  the artifact is in the custody of the national institute of per .
 cnn student news transcript - january 4 , 2013 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 colorado flood toll rises to 7 dead , 3 presumed dead <sec> new : colorado must race against the coming winter to fix roads , governor says .  seven now confirmed dead , three presumed dead in colorado floods .  property losses may approach $ 2 billion , insurance firm says .  state inspectors report 2 `` notable '' oil spill .
 mac vs. pc gap is the narrowest since '90s <sec> analyst shows mac vs. pc gap narrowing .  pcs outsold macs by a ratio of about 20-to-1 last year .  that 's still big , but way down from nearly 60-to-1 in 2004 .  factor in mobile devices and apple pulls even close .
 two buddhist brides wed in taiwan <sec> taiwan 's first same-sex buddhist wedding ceremony held saturday .  couple hopes ceremony will promote same-sex marriage to predominantly buddhist society .  taiwan was first nation in asia to introduce bill to legalize same-sex marriage , though it has stalled .  vietnam and nepal taking small steps to recognizing lgbt right .
 maher : there 's got ta be something funny about obama <sec> bill maher says he thinks the liberal , diverse america may now be the real america .  maher on obama : `` he 's not a phony . .  he 's not fat . .  he 's not cheating on his wife '' .  maher says he wants gov . .  sarah palin to stick around for comedic reasons .  i was disappointed in the mccain campaign , maher tells larry kin .
 proposition 8 backers : gay judge 's ruling should be thrown out <sec> human rights campaign : `` the argument is simply ridiculous '' .  former judge vaughn walker blocked enforcement of proposition 8 .  after his retirement , he confirmed he is involved in a same-sex relationship .  supporters of the same-sex marriage ban say walker should have disclosed tha .
 iran nuke deal gets the job done <sec> richard klass : iran framework agreement on nukes is strong , but opponents will cast doubts on this and try to obscure its facts .  he says the deal would cut uranium stockpile , centrifuges , implement rigorous inspections ; it should be judged on merits , not disinformatio .
 liverpool 's backroom staff follow benitez <sec> five members of liverpool 's backroom staff sign new contracts with the club .  the news follows the decision of manager rafael benitez to finally agree terms .  the signings are a further boost as liverpool chase europe and domestic glor .
 pakistani taliban claims responsibility for mosque strike <sec> pakistani taliban claims responsibility for attack on mosque during prayers .  36 people , including children , were killed in the attack when armed militants stormed mosque .  mosque is frequented by retired and serving military officials .  november 2 attack in rawalpindi saw suicide bomber target a ban .
 china honda plant woes mirror wider labor disputes <sec> workers return from strike , but slow down assembly line .  honda workers want bigger pay increases .  pay is escalating in china 's developing region .
 at least 4 palestinians killed in israeli ground assault <sec> new : death toll in gaza since airstrikes began is at 460 .  new : u.n. secretary-general says ground assault mars peace efforts .  incursion 's aim is to halt hamas rockets , not regime change , spokesman says .  hamas spokesman : `` gaza will be your cemetery .
 many obamas on the ballot in brazilian elections <sec> candidates who like to stand out turn to using memorable names .  obama is popular , along with characters like batman , robin , superman and rambo .  during electoral spots , some candidates dress in costumes to grab voters ' attention .  critics call such eccentricities immature , but others say they 're a sign of a healthy democrac .
 'digital nose ' on a chip can sniff out diseases <sec> researches know that dogs and cats can sometimes detect diseases with their keen sense of smell .  owlstone has created a microchip that can detect chemical molecules in the air with great accuracy .  eventually the company wants to enter the healthcare space with a breathalyzer that could detect diseases .  its 'digital nose ' can already detect down to parts per billion , equivalent to one drop in an olympic swimming poo .
 katrina-ravaged gulf coast struggling 2 years later <sec> president bush says federal recovery effort ongoing .  80 percent of of $ 114 billion in federal rebuilding aid distributed , bush says .  mississippi mayor says his coastal city still years away from full recovery .  hurricane katrina left 1,800 dead in five states in 200 .
 colombian rebel group scheduled to release 2 hostages <sec> the hostages scheduled to be released friday are a politician and a marine .  they are part of a group of five hostages rebels pledged to release as a humanitarian gesture .  colombia 's president accuses the farc of a `` double standard '' after two workers are kidnapped .  two more hostages are scheduled to be released over the weeken .
 opinion : shutdown a huge waste and cost to science <sec> government shutdown affects nasa , where employees are off the job .  meg urry : a two-week shutdown could waste $ 3 million to $ 8 million of taxpayer money .  she says loss to science is greater as critical astronomical work could be affected .  urry : nasa scientists ca n't do their work and must make up for it when shutdown end .
 review : sacha baron cohen takes no prisoners as 'the dictator ' <sec> sacha baron cohen introduces us to one `` general admiral aladeen , '' a despot .  he 's abducted from his hotel and only escapes assassination by the skin of his teeth .  a barking chauvinist bigot , aladeen makes borat look like a puppy do .
 runaway teen christian convert returned to ohio <sec> rifqa bary has returned to ohio , but she is not back with her family , lawyer says .  teen ran to florida , said father threatened her for converting from islam to christianity .  mohamed bary denies threatening daughter , says he knew about christian group .
 carlos acosta : from backstreets to ballet <sec> carlos acosta went from backstreets of havana to being a ballet superstar .  as a child he preferred football to ballet and was expelled from dance school .  in 2003 he became the london royal ballet 's first black principal dancer .  his success has meant being parted from his family and the city he love .
 opinion : real lesson of yom kippur war ? israel 's survival <sec> 40 years ago , egypt and syria attacked israel on yom kippur .  david frum says the betting after the war was that israel was endangered .  yet the military and economic threats to israel have n't materialized , he says .  frum : today 's conflicts are largely internal battles in syria , egypt , other nation .
 russia declares end to chechnya 'operation ' <sec> russia declares end to 10-year anti-terror `` operation '' in chechnya .  thousands of troops could be withdrawn from muslim-majority region .  former president boris yeltsin ordered the counter-terrorist operation in 199 .
 battle for the skies at singapore airshow <sec> singapore is asia 's biggest airshow .  event is for civil and military aviation companies .  asia seen as key market for expansion .  big attraction at the show will be f35 fighter je .
 7 bits of movie magic that disappeared <sec> james bond assassin scaramanga had a golden gun that went missing .  three of the `` easy rider '' choppers were stolen before that film was released .  four hand-made superhero suits were stolen from the set of the first spider-man film .  two rubber copies of `` blade runner 's '' strange-looking handgun were take .
 2 dead , 21 missing after landslide in southwest china <sec> authorities report 2 dead , 21 missing after rain-induced landslide in sichuan .  352 tourists stranded in dujiangyan have been evacuated .  flooding has deluged 81,000 acres of crops , caused more than $ 40 million in losse .
 livestrong bracelet : to wear or not to wear ? <sec> doping allegations against lance armstrong bring out conflicting views over his legacy .  many fans say livestrong is `` bigger than armstrong '' and will continue wearing the bracelet .  others who say he was face of hope for cancer survivors are devastated by allegations .  `` i ca n't wear it with pride , '' says woman whose father was cremated wearing bracele .
 do n't make these stupid travel mistakes <sec> teen arrested for sending out al qaeda-like tweet threat to american airlines .  other ill-advised traveler behaviors including defacing ancient monuments .  the tsa seized nearly 2,000 guns last year during security screening .
 maryland governor signs same-sex marriage bill <sec> new : o'malley 's signature authorizes same-sex marriage in maryland .  voters in minnesota and north carolina will consider proposals in november .  new jersey lawmakers approved same-sex marriage this month , but it was vetoed .  neither side in the same-sex marriage debate is declaring victor .
 conrad murray : 'justice ' in michael jackson death trial verdict <sec> new : michael jackson won a new fan during trial -- the jury foreman .  jury foreman : `` i do n't see it as a vindication of dr. murray '' .  `` for once , the world was allowed to hear some of the facts , '' dr. conrad murray says .  jackson lawyer : `` we have said from the beginning that this case was a search for the truth .
 more cold coming : this freeze will stick <sec> new : an official reports three suspected weather-related deaths in pennsylvania .  the blizzard warnings are expiring , but more cold is on the way .  some areas saw up to 18-inch snowdrifts .  more than 1,400 flights were canceled wednesda .
 manchester city labors past hull in premier league <sec> manchester city scores two second-half goals to beat hull in england 's premier league .  hull had the better chances in the first half , with sone aluko missing when clean through .  the win for manchester city comes after a defeat to another promoted team on sunday .  newcastle scores first league goal and collects first win by downing fulham 1- .
 rory mcilroy breaks off engagement with caroline wozniacki <sec> rory mcilroy breaks off engagement with tennis star caroline wozniacki .  mcilroy issues statement saying he realized he was n't ready for `` all marriage entails '' .  the pair had announced their engagement via twitter on january 1 .  mcilroy says he wishes `` caroline all the happiness she deserves .
 alleged 'barefoot bandit ' makes first appearance in washington court <sec> a lawyer for the alleged `` barefoot bandit '' says his client does not want to be a role model .  colton harris-moore makes his first washington appearance in federal court .  his lawyer agrees that the teen should remain behind bars for the time bein .
 finally , an official twitter iphone app <sec> the app comes a little more than a month after twitter acquired tweetie .  tweetie/twitter is one of the best twitter experiences for any platform .  in addition to being free , the app now carries the distinction of being `` version 3.0 .
 why uk 's shamed newspapers need regulating <sec> phone-hacking revelations revealed problems into uk press , says brian cathcart .  cathcart argues leveson inquiry is historic opportunity to clean things up .  he wants scrutiny independent of politicians instead of industry 's `` self-regulation '' .  newspapers must be more accountable for errors and failures , cathcart say .
 selena gomez , justin bieber adopt a dog <sec> gomez and bieber quietly adopted a dog .  gomez is currently on tour .  gomez and bieber stopped by for some canine therap .
 when the market rules , the big guy wins <sec> ben cohen : politicians ' mantra is get government out of business , let market forces rule .  ben & jerry 's ice cream would never have survived in that environment , he says .  cohen : when his business was small , pillsbury tried to block sales of ben & jerry 's .  cohen : only biggest businesses survive in an unregulated , cutthroat environmen .
 'jena 6 ' figure tried to commit suicide , police say <sec> police report : mychal bell shot himself because he 's tired of media attention .  bell was arrested last week on suspicion of shoplifting .  he is accused of stealing clothes worth $ 370 from a department store .  bell was a defendant in the racially charged case in louisian .
 palestinians object to definition of 'infiltrator ' <sec> rights groups say order turns all west bank residents into criminals .  palestinian negotiator : `` these military orders belong in an apartheid state '' .  israel defense forces says order does not change definition of who is illega .
 world 's oldest person dies <sec> misao okawa , the world 's oldest person dies at the age of 117 . .  she passed away on wednesday morning in japan .
 5 things : what we saw at the world cup on tuesday <sec> new : uruguay beats italy , but it 's a star 's alleged bite has people talking .  new : greece scores 2 goals to advance .  new : colombia continues its impressive world cup run .  new : england manages a draw , but not a goal , in last gam .
 two years after son 's death , mother finds solace in hate crimes bill <sec> elke kennedy says her son was called a `` faggot '' and then punched -- he died after assault .  for the past 27 months , she 's been tirelessly lobbying for hate crime legislation .  she will attend president obama 's signing ceremony on wednesday .  several groups concerned law could be used to criminalize conservative speec .
 iran boasts nuclear progress <sec> new : the state department dismisses iran 's announcements as bluster .  iran says it has developed advanced centrifuges and will start yellowcake production .  ahmadinejad says iran is willing to share its knowledge with other nations .  the developments are hailed as major achievement .
 paraguayan president doing fine after blood clot treatment <sec> he was transferred to hospital in brazil after having redness , swelling around his face .  fernando lugo had a blood clot , his doctor says .  the president was diagnosed in august with non-hodgkin 's lymphom .
 edwin sabuhoro : turning poachers into eco-warriors <sec> conservationist edwin sabuhoro founded a cultural village in rwanda .  the village provides work for poachers and unemployed yout .
 obama pushes kids to work hard in back-to-school speech <sec> the president urges students to make the most of their education .  obama announces a second `` commencement challenge '' for high school graduates .  obama travels to philadelphia for his second back-to-school speech .  last year , conservatives worried obama would push a political agend .
