 america 's cool college towns <sec> if coffee shops define a good college town , berkeley has the competition beat .  check out the carolina basketball museum -- also a shrine to michael jordan .  hang out at the ann richards/congress avenue bridge , with 1.5 million bat .
 peter bergen : nairobi mall attack fits with al-shabaab 's motives <sec> for al-shabaab , the mall was an attractive target because westerners frequented it .  also , it fits with the somalia-based terrorist group 's enmity with kenya .  the group has recruited around 40 american men and also dozens from europe .  the attack on the nairobi mall may be an attempt by al-shabaab to signal its continued relevanc .
 charlie sheen makes peace with `` two and a half men '' <sec> new : sheen 's attorney confirms lawsuit is settled `` to the parties ' mutual satisfaction '' .  sheen 's lawsuit against the studio and producer is dropped , warner bros. tv says .  sheen 's suit stems from his firing from the hit cbs sitcom .  terms of the settlement of sheen 's $ 100 million lawsuit are not publi .
 south carolina 's dirty political reputation outlives reality <sec> `` dirty tricks '' seem to bubble up in south carolina politics more frequently than elsewhere .  but it 's been more than a decade since such tactics have derailed a statewide candidacy .  s.c. gov . .  nikki haley was subjected to unproven adultery claims during her 2010 campaign .  new generation of political operatives not using ploys of the pas .
 police : now-dead convict likely linked to woman 's '89 disappearance <sec> sheriff says it 's `` highly , highly probable '' that deceased convict paul rowles is prime suspect .  tiffany sessions , 20 , disappeared in 1989 after going for a jog in gainesville , florida .  rowles had a calendar entry saying `` no . .  2 '' beside sessions ' date of disappearance .  police ask anyone with knowledge of rowles ' life to call 352-384-332 .
 dog rescued after being stuck in hot tar <sec> a 5-month-old dog fell into hot tar at a construction site in northern india .  it took four hours to massage vegetable oil into his body and save him .  the dog recovered successfully and is now known as `` tar baby .
 25 things we love about poland <sec> view readers ' 25 favorite things about poland above .  add to the list via cnn irepor .
 colorado woman is 'person of interest ' in polygamist case <sec> new : texas rangers pursue rozita swinton regarding phone calls to a crisis center .  new : search of swinton 's home reveals evidence that possibly links her to the calls .  police arrest the woman for making a false report to police in a separate case .  phone calls prompted texas raid , but officers then got a second search warran .
 will egypt continue to be a friend of peace in the middle east ? <sec> egypt has reiterated its commitment to honoring its accords with israel .  egypt helped broker israeli-palestinian prisoner swap .  rashidi : will egypt continue to be an ally of america .
 security forces , protesters face off in iran <sec> security forces confront protesters across tehran .  some 3,000 mourners gather at the grave site of neda agha-soltan .  agha-soltan , 26 , was shot in street protests after election on june 20 .  security forces rough up , beat some mourners , witnesses sa .
 train collision injures 44 on fall foliage ride in northwest arkansas <sec> a freight train and passenger train collide in northwest arkansas .  police say six crew members and 38 passengers were injured .  the national transportation safety board is en route to crash sit .
 haitians cancel carnival celebration <sec> less than week ahead of haiti 's carnival celebration , revelry replaced with mourning .  haitians have celebrated carnival through dictatorships , military coups and bloodshed .  `` i do n't even remember when it is , '' haiti official says about upcoming three-day festiva .
 purported prison abuse videos prompt outrage in georgia <sec> politician defends father-in-law .  corrections minister submits resignation .  u.s. embassy says images shocking .  human rights watch calls abuse tortur .
 pakistan military : dozens killed in cross-border attack <sec> new : at least 25 security personnel died in attacks on border posts , pakistan 's military says .  new : some 200-300 militants from across the afghan border took part in the attacks , it says .  new : it says two of the seven border posts attacked were overrun by militants .  a government official puts the death toll for pakistan security personnel higher , at 3 .
 beijing awarded top athletics event <sec> the 15th edition of the world athletics championships will be held in china .  beijing , which hosted the 2008 olympics , named as fourth asian city to stage event .  china continues dominance of the asian games it is hosting in guangzhou .  clean sweep of seven table tennis titles extends china 's gold medal tally to 13 .
 rover curiosity near mars landing <sec> the dramatic landing of the suv-sized rover is set for 1:31 a.m . .  et monday .  this landing process involves a sky crane and the world 's largest supersonic parachute .  curiosity 's first stop slated to be gale crater , which may have once contained a lake .  the vehicle will be controlled from nasa 's jet propulsion laborator .
 getting the f1 show on the road <sec> f1 uses air , sea and land to transport huge amounts of freight to each race .  teams must meticulously coordinate their shipping plans each season .  team trucks carrying cars and equipment cover almost 19,000 miles per yea .
 cop on vacation halts hawaiian airport tussle <sec> tsa lauds the off-duty police officer for his `` swift actions '' .  justin rogers puts his belongings on into the x-ray machine .  he hears a crash and some punches and sees a woman hitting a security guard .  the cop on vacation in hawaii jumps a security barrier and takes down the assailan .
 male students dressed like female celebs sent home <sec> two male students dressed as miss america and nicki minaj for spirit week .  principal told them to go change or go home .  superintendent says the situation should have been handled differentl .
 drogba seals big-money move to chinese club shanghai shenhua <sec> didier drogba signs a two-year deal with china 's shanghai shenhua .  the ivory coast striker announced he would leave chelsea last month .  drogba scored the penalty which won chelsea the european champions league .  the 34-year-old will be reunited with former chelsea teammate nicolas anelk .
 'judicial activism ' a convenient bogeyman <sec> lisa knepper : judicial activism charges raised by many over health care and supreme court .  she says obama , others warn ruling against health care act would overturn duly passed law .  she says her firm 's study found such `` activism '' does n't exist . .  few laws felled by court .  knepper : both sides slam `` activism , '' demand democratic outcomes , when they like the .
 michael jackson in the headlines <sec> michael jackson , the `` king of pop , '' made headlines for more than his music .  `` wacko jacko '' known for bubbles the chimp , his changing nose and skin tone .  at neverland ranch , he played peter pan , amid a zoo , rides and lots of kids .  he was dogged by accusations and whispers , but a comeback tour was on ta .
 5 men from defunct muslim charity get long sentences <sec> holy land foundation has been called the biggest muslim charity in u.s . .  5 charity leaders got prison sentences ranging from 65 years to 15 years .  charity accused of sending $ 12.4 million to hamas under humanitarian cloak .  assistant ag : `` these sentences should serve as a strong warning .
 guinea and mali must draw lots , ivory coast progresses <sec> ivory coast through to afcon 2015 quarterfinals , cameroon out .  guinea and mali will draw lots on thursday for last quarterfinal place .  draw means teams can not be separated on head-to-head record , nor goal differenc .
 facebook co-founder saverin : i do n't resent zuckerberg <sec> facebook co-founder eduardo saverin opens up to brazilian magazine .  despite past friction between them , savering calls mark zuckerberg `` a visionary '' .  he says that , despite renouncing citizenship , he 's paying taxes in u.s . .  saverin made an estimated $ 2 billion from facebook 's stock offerin .
 in california , 3 who drew high salaries resign from posts <sec> the state attorney general says the salaries are `` beyond belief '' .  the los angeles times reported that the city manager had a nearly $ 800,000 salary .  the median yearly income in the town is under $ 35,000 a yea .
 report : syrian abuses could be 'crimes against humanity ' <sec> the human rights watch report focuses on daraa province .  the report raises the issue of international criminal court involvement .  hundreds have died across the country since mid-marc .
 world bids farewell to vaclav havel <sec> world leaders attend the funeral of vaclav havel , who helped end communism in czechoslovakia .  thousands of czechs waited for hours in cold weather to pay their last respects .  havel became one of the world 's most famous dissidents in the 1970s .  `` truth and love must triumph over lies and hatred , '' havel insiste .
 1 dead as flooding washes over 12 midwestern , eastern states <sec> official : missouri woman killed in `` rapidly rising waters '' in mcdonald county .  south of missouri capital , interstate 44 is shut down because of flooding .  parts of nashville , tennessee , saw as much as 8 inches of rain early thursday .  weather strikes as noaa upgrades preseason hurricane prediction .
 firefighters gain control over wildfires in russia <sec> about half of the hundreds of wildfires in russia are extinguished or contained .  at least 28 people -- including two firefighters -- are dead .  in one village , all 500 residents have been evacuated , and nearly every house is burne .
 what are the world 's safest airlines ? <sec> aviation site airlineratings.com says qantas remains the world 's safest airline .  of the the 449 airlines the website monitors , 149 have the top seven-star safety ranking .  the world 's airlines reportedly carried a record 3.3 billion passengers on 27 million flights in 201 .
 weight loss inspiration : dropped 8 dress sizes by changing her style <sec> rose anne schulman wore a size 20 ; now she 's a size 4 .  schulman lost weight by making small changes to her diet .  she takes a zumba class twice a week and walks to her synagogue on saturday .
 opinion : social safety net makes people happier <sec> benjamin radcliff : well-being should not be decided by the indifferent marketplace .  radcliff : research shows happier people live in places with generous social safety nets .  in western nations , he says , the quality of life for all increases with more liberal policies .  he says this applies to u.s. states : people happier with less insecurity and less povert .
 why air strikes wo n't beat isis ( opinion ) <sec> president obama 's strategy for destroying isis seems to rely on air strikes , writes haider mullick .  obama says strategy has been successful in yemen and somalia .  mullick says in both countries , some kind of presence was needed on the ground .  u.s. also needs to focus on improving governance for long-term security , mullick say .
 in declassified document , cia acknowledges role in 1953 iran coup - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a newly declassified document acknowledges the cia 's hand in ousting mohammad mossadegh .  while this might be the cia 's first formal nod , the u.s. role has long been known .  the cia used propaganda , along with other politicians and leaders in iran , to unseat mossadegh .  even 60 years removed , the 1953 coup still hangs over u.s.-iran relations .
 obasanjo : nigerian leaders should reach out to boko haram <sec> `` to deal with a group like that , you need a carrot and stick , '' olusegun obasanjo says .  the militants , who 've attacked churches and mosques , operate chiefly in nigeria 's restive north .  they undermine development , education , health , and food and nutrition security , obasanjo says .  the former president rejects any idea of a split between the country 's north and sout .
 kennedy lawyer says nurses should be disciplined <sec> douglas kennedy was arraigned last week on misdemeanor charges .  he knocked down a nurse while he was holding his newborn son , attorneys say .  kennedy wanted to take his son out for some `` fresh air , '' attorneys say .  douglas kennedy is the son of the late u.s. sen. robert f. kenned .
 'blunt and thermal trauma ' killed 'jackass ' star , coroner says <sec> new : dunn 's car was going faster than 100 mph , police say .  zachary hartwell , 30 , died in the crash with dunn , police say .  hartwell worked as a stunt driver in a dunn movie .  dunn 's blood alcohol level will not be known for week .
 u.n. : 'massive evidence ' that syrian regime linked to war crimes <sec> report accuses `` the highest levels of syria 's government '' of war crimes .  rebels are also implicated in the commission of war crimes , report says .  war crimes in syria are `` very serious crimes ... crimes against humanity '' .  the majority of people have been killed by conventional weapons , not chemical one .
 feeding china 's voracious energy appetite <sec> china 's new leader has taken extraordinary steps to secure future energy supplies .  president xi jinping 's first state visit was to ink an energy deal with russia .  follows a spate of chinese oil and gas investments in africa , the middle east and australia .  china overtook the united states as the world 's biggest energy user in 200 .
 abbas to seek full u.n. membership for palestinians <sec> new : hamas warns abbas not to go to the united nations .  israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu is expected to speak at the u.n. security council .  israel is calling on palestinian leaders to return to peace talks , a spokesman says .  palestinian president mahmoud abbas presses for full u.n. membershi .
 obamacare glitches expected , health experts say <sec> problems accessing obamacare insurance exchange sites stem from big demand , experts say .  there 's no evidence political opposition to the plan has played any role , they say .  advocates suggest waiting to apply for insurance .  republicans say glitches prove health reform is n't read .
 u.s. , libya discussing terrorism settlement <sec> nations hoping for deal in which libya would compensate terrorism victims .  eights acts would be covered in possible agreement .  libya has tried to normalize relations with u.s. by renouncing terrorism .  u.s. oil companies want to explore and develop libya 's oil field .
 best , worst nations for corruption <sec> china dropped five spots to 80th place out of 176 nations in the corruption perceptions index .  denmark , finland , new zealand , sweden and singapore topped the list as the cleanest countries .  somalia , north korea , afghanistan , sudan and myanmar ranked at the bottom .  the united states was ranked 19th in the world , below japan and the u .
 germanwings plane crash : what does 'fit to fly ' miss ? <sec> on thursday the marseille prosecutor said flight 9525 's co-pilot deliberately crashed .  lufthansa 's ceo said co-pilot andreas lubitz had been `` 100 % fit to fly '' .  aviation expert simon mitchell says regulations do not require formal psych testin .
 u.s. sailor is 3,000th afghanistan war death <sec> the coalition death toll in operation enduring freedom includes 1,974 americans .  the war started in october 2001 after the 9/11 terrorist attacks in the united states .  a total of 50 countries make up the u.s.-led coalition in afghanista .
 chelsea to face benfica in europa league final <sec> chelsea to play benfica in europa league final .  chelsea beat basel 3-1 to compete 5-2 aggregate win .  fernando torres , victor moses and david luiz with second half strikes .  benfica see off fenerbahce by the same margin for 3-2 aggregate victor .
 eugenie bouchard suffers defeat in front of home crowd <sec> eugenie bouchard knocked out of wta rogers cup by shelby rogers .  bouchard goes down 6-0 2-6 6-0 in front of home crowd at montreal .  the canadian was playing her first match since her wimbledon final defea .
 copter crash kills malaysian business leader , 5 others <sec> jamaluddin jarjis , former malaysian ambassador to the u.s. , among casualties .  azlin alias , a member of the prime minister 's staff , also dies , news agency report .
 savita halappanavar 's death in ireland ruled 'medical misadventure ' <sec> inquest jury in galway returns verdict of death by medical misadventure .  savita halappanavar , 31 , died last october after suffering a miscarriage .  coroner offers ireland 's `` deepest sympathy '' to savita 's widower , praveen .  he says his wife 's treatment in hospital was `` horrendous , barbaric and inhuman .
 feds : former army sergeant conspired to drug trade <sec> new : leader believed contacts were colombian dealers ; they were u.s. informants , feds say .  a federal sting operation leads to the arrest of former soldiers .  two had served in the u.s. army .  u.s. attorney : `` the charges tell a tale of an international band of mercenary marksmen .
 sassoon , lee , faldo in queen 's honors list <sec> hairdresser vidal sassoon , golfer nick faldo honored by uk 's queen .  `` dracula '' star christopher lee knighted in queen elizabeth 's birthday honors list .  actors jonathan pryce and alan cumming also honore .
 author jailed for insulting thai king freed <sec> harry nicolaides , 41 , was arrested last august over his 2005 book .  the book includes a paragraph about the king and crown prince .  authorities deemed it a violation of a law that makes it illegal to insult the crown .  man 's lawyer says he was relieved and left for australia at about midnigh .
 poll : americans worried but reject higher taxes to fix bridges <sec> fifty-two percent of americans worried that a bridge will collapse in the u.s . .  one-third feel a bridge they drive over regularly will collapse .  nearly two-thirds reject higher gas taxes to inspect or repair bridge .
 new s.c. mom 'intubated and sedated ' as she fights flesh-eating bacteria <sec> lana kuykendall was healthy when she gave birth to twins on may 7 , her family says .  she 's been in a south carolina hospital since may 11 after noticing a bruise on her leg .  she is battling necrotizing fasciitis , a rare condition that attacks healthy body tissue .  `` we do n't know what the next day is going to bring , '' her brother say .
 republicans ignoring their own advice on immigration <sec> gop struggling internally on message they 're sending to hispanics .  some republicans are worried about impact of some anti-immigration hardliners .  crisis of thousands of migrant children streaming to the border illuminates the issu .
 power rangers : botswana 's all-electric safari <sec> chobe game lodge is converting its fleet of land rovers to run off electricity .  electric vehicles are less environmentally harmful and quiet enough to sneak up on animals .  the lodge 's guides are all women -- unusual for safaris in afric .
 pr exec : death threats forced firm to drop octuplet mom <sec> president of pr agency says people have made death threats by phone , e-mail .  doctor told mom to expect either one baby or twins , not eight , joann killeen says .  angry people tell killeen they think mom 's able to stay home , live off taxpayer .
 emmy night 's funniest moments <sec> amy poehler , smiled at the camera and then promptly ran up onto the stage .  a sketch where characters from different shows all popped up at the dunder-mifflin office .  ricky gervais once again faced some of the celebs he slamme .
 liquid air future fuels garage inventor <sec> british inventor peter dearman develops novel engine powered by `` liquid air '' .  the 61-year-old says his technology can be used to power cars and store energy .  british engineering company , ricardo building an engine based on dearman 's design .  uk pilot power plant demonstrating how liquid air can be used to store intermittent renewable energ .
 report : bigger iphones coming this fall <sec> next iphones will have much bigger screens , report says .  displays will be 4.7 and 5.5 inches , according to bloomberg .  current iphones have 4-inch screens , much smaller than some rivals .  apple could also roll out a smartwatch this fal .
 navy seal to release book on bin laden raid , publishing company says <sec> new : although cnn has confirmed the seal 's name , the network agreed not to publish his identity .  the book is due to come out september 11 .  the navy seal author uses a pen name , the publisher says .  controversial movie about the raid due out in decembe .
 smoltz : some drastic changes on display as mlb playoffs get underway <sec> john smoltz says to keep eye on young players leading their teams in baseball playoffs .  he says there should be more use of replay to correct umpires ' calls .  smoltz says the braves and reds winning their series would be the biggest surprise to hi .
 indianapolis colts owner jim irsay charged with impaired driving <sec> new : nfl says its policies apply `` to all league personnel , '' vows it 'll take `` appropriate action '' .  jim irsay is charged with driving while intoxicated , possession of a controlled substance .  the colts owner checked into a treatment facility a day after the march 16 incident .  his legal team credits the prosecutor 's office for not pressing felony charge .
