 new jersey attorney , a former prosecutor , charged with murder <sec> paul bergrin arrested after federal grand jury indicts him and 3 others on 14 counts .  bergrin was assistant u.s. attorney in new jersey before going into private practice .  indictment charges him with leading conspiracy that included murder of a witness .  bergrin 's attorney : case is `` dredging up old issues , '' will plead not guilt .
 u.s. demonstrations show support for egyptian movement <sec> new : solidarity demonstrations are held in cities large and small .  new : many ethnic groups and ages are represented among the demonstrators .  hundreds attend a protest outside the u.n. in new york , chanting `` mubarak must go .
 stolen edgar degas painting to be returned to france <sec> 19th-century painting will be returned to france almost four decades after it was stolen .  `` blanchisseuses souffrant des dent '' was taken in 1973 from the malraux museum .  the painting did not resurface until october when it surfaced on sotheby 's catalo .
 why synthetic drugs are your problem , too <sec> christian bjerk , 18 , died after taking synthetic drugs .  his parents are fighting for change to protect other children from synthetic drugs .  parents must supervise activities in their own homes , keith and debbie bjerk sa .
 censors pounce as tiananmen square jeep deaths investigated <sec> china censors images of jeep that plowed into tiananmen square , killing 5 .  police are looking for suspects from the restive western region of xinjiang , source says .  new : uighur diaspora group says it 's too early to assign blame .  analyst : incident could be considered a major loss of face for beijin .
 mexico asks for probe into teen 's shooting death by u.s. border agent <sec> shooting followed rock-throwing at border patrol agent , fbi says .  teen 's death near border was second in less than two weeks .  14-year-old boy was killed by u.s. border agent , mexican official says .  fbi confirms border patrol agent in el paso , texas , shot someon .
 one of world 's largest concrete pumps headed from u.s. to japan <sec> a 190,000-pound truck pump is now in south carolina , being prepped to fly out of atlanta .  it had been at a mixed oxide fuel plant site in southeast georgia .  a contractor says the truck 's first priority will be to supply water to keep nuclear fuel cool .  similar pumps were used in chernobyl , which was eventually encased in concret .
 hope for cancer survivors who want to get pregnant <sec> treatments for cancer increase chances for a woman to become sterile .  women who added one drug in trial were nearly twice as likely to get pregnant .  goserelin may be useful after treatment for other cancers , study author say .
 london olympics by the numbers <sec> the summer olympics have been held in london twice before , in 1908 and 1948 .  much has changed over the years , including the composition of the gold medals .  american swimmer michael phelps is two medals away from the all-time olympic recor .
 suicide bombing kills 16 , somali official says <sec> 16 killed in somalia suicide bombing targeting governor 's convoy .  two african union mission in somalia troops are wounded , he said .  al-shabaab claims responsibility for attac .
 facebook fuses emotion to its anti-bullying efforts <sec> facebook adds tools to help adolescents deal with cyberbullying .  changes are the result of research done with yale and columbia universities .  instead of reporting a photo , users are pushed to ask the person who posted it to take it dow .
 u.s. begins airdrops to iraqi town trapped by isis <sec> u.s. begins aid drops to iraqi town surrounded by isis , the pentagon says .  syrian observatory for human rights says isis has sold yazidi girls and women .  about 300 have been abducted , the rights group says .  syria monitors : isis sees them as `` captives of the spoils of war with the infidels .
 georgia 's 'sci-fi ' parliament building : vision of the future or expensive folly ? <sec> new parliament building being constructed away from capital tbilisi .  structure resembles a huge , glass bubble , cost $ 83 million .  critics claim it is an expensive folly in impoverished country .  president defends it as symbol of revitalized natio .
 china bars airlines from eu tax plan <sec> the chinese government has barred the country 's airlines from complying with a european union charge .  chinese airlines had previously said they would not pay the eu carbon ta .
 police : hollywood publicist slain in random robbery by bicyclist <sec> police : preliminary tests show a suicide victim used the same gun that killed a publicist .  police say the suicide victim , harold martin smith , had tried to rob publicist ronni chasen .  chasen was driving her car through beverly hills while smith was on his bicycle , police sa .
 british olympic sailor andrew simpson killed in san francisco bay <sec> new : the boat involved `` is about as extreme as it gets , '' says olympian shirley robertson .  andrew `` bart '' simpson died after the racing catamaran he was on capsized .  the artemis racing crew was on a practice run for sailing 's prestigious america 's cup .  he was `` a fantastic sailor who got the best out of everyone , '' olympic team manager say .
 'ghostbusters ' release will smell like marshmallows <sec> a limited edition vinyl of `` the ghostbusters '' theme will have a scented package .  the collectible 's item will smell like marshmallows , in honor of the stay-puft marshmallow man .  the anniversary of `` ghostbusters '' comes alongside news of a new installmen .
 f1 's return to bahrain meets mixed response <sec> formula one returns to bahrain amid anti-government protests .  fia president jean todt says the sport 's return to bahrain can have a `` healing effect '' .  some protesters say the race is a chance to raise awareness of the country 's political plight .  other human rights groups have called for the race to be cancele .
 yemeni officials : u.s. airstrikes target militant hideouts , kill 64 <sec> officials at u.s. central command and the defense dept . .  provide no details .  the united states gave yemen no advance warning , a yemeni official says .  u.s. officials rarely discuss the drone progra .
 the distorted global-warming debate <sec> david frum says the global warming debate has been distorted by intellectual self-ghettoization .  how can we reach conclusions if we ca n't agree on rules of discussion , frum says .  frum says that in modern america , we choose our facts to fit our opinion .
 monitoring group : 10 children killed by syrian forces <sec> explosion in al-assad 's hometown kills at least four .  some 220,000 people had been killed and 1 million wounded in syrian civil wa .
 greek bailout could cost u.s. big-time <sec> david frum : if greece defaults , all of europe 's debts would be suspect .  he says the u.s. could be forced to participate in rescuing europe 's finances .  europe 's leaders need to take unpopular , dramatic steps to bail out the south , he says .  the sooner and bigger the bailout , the better , frum say .
 fox news anchor gregg jarrett jailed after airport incident <sec> gregg jarrett was `` belligerent and uncooperative '' with police , airport spokesman says .  `` he is dealing with serious personal issues at this time , '' fox news says .  jarrett took time off from fox in may `` for personal reasons , '' report say .
 a migration without end <sec> michelle frankfurter photographed central american migrants traveling to the united states .  her photos were taken during several trips to mexico between 2009 and 2014 .  `` there 's a lot of sadness and deprivation , but there 's a lot of beauty in it as well , '' she sai .
 mccain taps alaska gov . palin as vice president pick <sec> sen. john mccain praises gov . .  sarah palin 's `` grit , integrity , good sense '' .  palin , 44 , has been governor of alaska since 2006 .  before becoming governor , palin was mayor and council member of a small town .  palin known for backing tough ethical standards , focus on energy , natural resource .
 opinion : hurting working class hurts red lobster <sec> lz granderson grew up poor , and a real treat once or twice a year was to go to red lobster .  the chain is in financial trouble , which lz says is tied to fewer people going out to eat .  lz : wages are down , and middle-class or working-class families are n't going out for dinner .  lz says jc penney and other stores that cater to middle class are in trouble , to .
 chiara de blasio , new ny mayor 's daughter , talks depression on youtube - cnnpolitics.com <sec> chiara de blasio says on youtube she 's struggled with depression , drinking , marijuana .  she also talks about the outpatient treatment that put her on the road to recovery .  she says she wants to help others deal with similar problems and tells them where to find help .  her parents issue a statement supporting the video and her commitment to help other .
 arrival of sudanese president to china delayed <sec> new : sudanese president 's plane left iran for china but turned back , sudanese officials say .  new : there were fears that some countries would act while his plane was above their airspace , the officials say .  the sudanese president was scheduled to visit chin .
 best airline first-class experiences <sec> passengers in etihad 's residence class have a butler , concierge , chauffeur and chef .  jetblue mint premium class offers the only airplane private suites in the u.s. market .  cathay pacific 's partnership with mandarin oriental hotel brings foie gras , truffles , crab meat and caviar into the ai .
 migrants die as two boats capsize off greek island <sec> at least 22 people drown , 10 others are missing off the greek island of samos .  greek coast guard has rescued 36 survivors , and a search operation is under way .  thousands from africa and the middle east have packed into boats to get into the e .
 can babies tell right from wrong ? inside yale 's 'baby lab ' <sec> babies as young as 3 months old can tell right from wrong , researchers say .  the baby research was conducted at yale university 's infant cognition center .  researcher : babies born as `` little bigots , eagerly dividing the world into 'us versus them ' `` .  the research can influence how parents teach their kids to be `` more moral .
 why we celebrate international women 's day <sec> melinda gates : international women 's day started small a century ago .  she says there 's now global awareness of vital role of women in society , economy .  when women can direct family budget , health care and education improve , she says .  gates : empowered women are a source of progress , want to take actio .
 spokesman : ambulance rushing mandela to hospital broke down <sec> despite the incident , mandela 's health was not compromised , spokesman says .  mandela is in a serious but stable condition in the hospital , government says .  he has been hospitalized since june 8 for a recurring lung infectio .
 ncaa faces change , legal challenges in months ahead <sec> legal challenges highlight issue of compensation for college athletes .  new ncaa rule could mean unlimited meals for division i school athletes .  ncaa contends that athletes are paid in the form of a free education .  northwestern appealing labor board ruling that its football players can unioniz .
 the lessons of 'casablanca ' still apply , as time goes by <sec> nicolaus mills : `` casablanca '' turns 70 ; film had backstory , resonance that mirrored reality .  he says operation torch had just resulted in allies ' capture of casablanca ; gave film currency .  he says bogart character had version of patriotism that was heroic , accepted ambiguity .  mills : bogart 's cool may no longer resonate , but rick 's complexity doe .
 7 things to know about yemen <sec> yemen presidential palace overrun ; president `` has no control , '' government official says .  3 groups fighting : the government , houthi rebels and al qaeda in the arabian peninsula .  aqap is responsible for major acts of terror , including the attack on charlie hebdo magazin .
 thailand to deport 4,000 hmong to laos <sec> thailand deports 450 hmong refugees to laos , plans on evicting 3,900 more .  forced repatriation prompts rights group 's concern refugees risk persecution in laos .  many hmong sided with u.s. in vietnam war when the conflict spread to laos .  when communists took power in 1975 , thousands of hmong fled to thailan .
 opinion : should mentally ill soldiers own guns ? it 's not that simple <sec> dr. elspeth cameron ritchie : debate around gun control and the mentally ill is nuanced .  a lone gunman killed three people and then himself at fort hood on wednesday .  mental illness can cover an entire spectrum , from mild to severe .  military screens recruits and returning soldiers for severe mental illness , she say .
 france agrees to pay $ 60 million to those deported during holocaust <sec> embassy spokesman : france signed an agreement with u.s. authorities on monday .  $ 60 million set aside for those deported to concentration camps on france 's railway .  more than 6 million jews died during the holocaus .
 report of american al qaeda spokesman 's arrest questioned <sec> new : two pakistani officials say gadahn arrested ; u.s. intelligence official casts doubt .  report of arrest comes hour after video of u.s.-born gadahn surfaces .  gadahn praises november massacre at fort hood , texas , in video .  in 2006 , gadahn was indicted for treason and providing material support to terrorist .
 a 'dear abby ' for the down and out <sec> for years , sal dimiceli has been personally helping people get back on their feet .  many of those people have written to him through his local newspaper column .  dimiceli grew up in poverty and vowed he would do his best to help others in need .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2011 cnn heroe .
 singer-songwriter teena marie dies at 54 <sec> `` she was one of the greatest vocalists of our time , '' says the founder of radio one .  teena marie , born mary brockert , was found dead sunday in her home .  she had a three-decade career in music , and was nominated four times for a grammy .  she had worked with late funk legend rick james , smokey robinson and other .
 google to remove maps image of slain teen <sec> google says it will remove apparent image of dead teen .  father says google maps image shows body of dead son .  14-year-old kevin barrera was shot and killed in 2009 in richmond , california .  satellite image shows police car , officers , apparent bod .
 washington landslide death toll rises to 29 <sec> new : about 15 people are still missing .  bank to forgive uninsured homes , cars that were lost in the landslide .  a mile-wide landslide devastated an area in rural washington state on march 22 .  hundreds of people are involved in search effort .
 china , company seek answers to rash of suicides <sec> string of apparent suicides has occurred at taiwanese-owned foxconn plant .  no concrete answers yet as to what may have motivated the workers .  workers , far from family , can feel alienated with nowhere to turn , experts say .  company has called in monks to offer spiritual consolation and set up a help lin .
 2 u.s. troops killed by iraq roadside bomb <sec> new : deaths in monday bombing bring august u.s. death toll in iraq to three .  roadside bombs in baghdad target police , army ; two killed , 11 injured .  car bomb near coffee shop in hilla kills one , wounds 12 .  u.s.-led forces capture eight , including alleged al qaeda in iraq regional leade .
 divers bring up 400 items -- so far -- from civil war ironclad in savannah <sec> a civil war ironclad must be moved so the shipping channel can be deepened .  wreckage lies a couple miles from savannah 's famous river street .  the css georgia never fired a shot in anger during the civil wa .
 opinion : former bloomberg journalist on corruption in china <sec> latest china corruption scandal : $ 14.5 billion seized from people around ex-security chief zhou yongkang .  richardson : these high-profile cases do n't get to the heart of the problem .  fundamental flaw in the political system : a state-sponsored veil of secrecy that covers the links between power and wealth , typically within familie .
 how clooney , celebs mean big bucks for obama , but not so much for romney - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a cnn analysis shows celebs have donated nearly $ 7 million to obama so far .  romney has n't attracted as many a-listers from hollywood .  george clooney hosting major fundraiser for obama thursday nigh .
 view from abroad : sorrow , but little hope for u.s. gun control <sec> australia and uk also have had terrible episodes of gun violence in recent years .  these countries enacted laws sharply restricting gun ownership after tragedies .  `` nowhere has the policy reaction been so pathetic , '' british blogger says of u.s . .  observers point to power of nra , political culture that protects individual libert .
 at least 21 killed in baghdad suicide bombing <sec> the bomber targeted a shiite mosque in northeast baghdad .  isis has claimed responsibility for some recent attacks in baghda .
 haiti earthquake : tuesday news updates <sec> read twitter feeds to stay up to date on the latest in haiti .  read cnn.com 's complete special coverage of the haiti earthquake .  ireport : looking for loved one .
 google swerves , allows nicknames on google+ <sec> google+ will now allow pseudonyms , nicknames .  announcement is a departure from previous policy on the site .  google announced its facebook rival now has 90 million user .
 plane crashes in nepal , killing 15 <sec> new : six people survive a plane crash in central nepal .  new : the survivors include 2 danes and 3 indians .  the 13 other indian passengers on the flight were killed .  the plane had been trying to land at the airport at jomsom when it went dow .
 how to help a stray dog <sec> the next time you see a stray dog , consider stopping to help it out .  when approaching a stray , exercise caution -- you do n't know anything about this dog .  if the dog is going to be staying with you for a while , take it to the vet for a check-up .  spread the news on sites like petfinder.com so it can find a new hom .
 victims eye closure as ex-khmer rouge leaders stand trial <sec> survivors of torture , disease , starvation have many questions .  tens of thousands died under khmer rouge .  remaining leaders of khmer rouge to stand trial .  thousands expected to come watch the tria .
 how free water refills could help hydrate africa <sec> edwin broni-mensah launched givemetap -- a free water refill network in the uk .  the project also sells water bottles , with profits funding water projects in africa .  water projects have so far been constructed in namibia , malawi and ghan .
 behind the scenes : meet george obama <sec> barack obama and george obama share a father , the late barack obama sr . .  george obama denies media reports that he 's living on a dollar a day .  `` i think i wanted to learn about my father the same way he did , '' george say .
 review : 'this means war ' an obnoxiously macho rom-com <sec> director mcg aims for a kind of macho rom-com appealing to both sexes .  chris pine and tom hardy play cia operatives who fall for the same woman .  hardy cast as sensitive and domesticated , while pine plays smug womanize .
 suspected u.s. drone strikes hit militants in pakistan <sec> seven killed in suspected u.s. drone strikes in paksistan , pakistani intelligence sources say .  the strikes occurred in north waziristan .  pakistan 's military has been fighting militants in the regio .
 haitian authorities record 72,000 deaths from earthquake <sec> woman rescued from rubble tuesday in port-au-prince , seven days after quake .  haitian authorities record 72,000 deaths so far .  u.s. troops to help get hospital operational , transport people to other hospitals .  people have contributed $ 220 million to charity groups for haiti relie .
 cnn student news transcript : summer show - june 24 , 2011 <sec> cnn student news is producing special , web-only shows all summer long .  this week takes you behind the scenes with the cnn student news staff .  find out what the team is working on when not producing a daily sho .
 quake shakes papua new guinea <sec> papua new guinea is on the so-called ring of fire .  it 's on an arc of fault lines that is prone to frequent earthquakes .  no tsunami warning was issue .
 the man who changed baseball forever <sec> john avlon : marvin miller , who died tuesday , brought free market competition to baseball .  avlon : when miller became head of players ' union , the average player 's salary was $ 7,000 .  avlon : players could n't leave teams , which miller fought , calling it a form of slavery .  avlon : he made it possible for players to be free agents , but he never got in the hall of fam .
