 commentary : hornets not going back in nest in mexico 's drug war <sec> mexican leader felipe calderon may face defeat in 2012 after pri makes comeback .  some mexicans fault calderon for stirring up violence with war on drugs .  calderon should address problems and press ahead , ruben navarrette jr. says .  evidence points to drug traffickers feeling the pinch , navarrette say .
 shanghai new year 's eve stampede 'totally preventable ' <sec> shanghai officials say new year 's eve stamped that killed 35 `` totally preventable '' .  `` we feel very sad and extremely guilty , '' vice mayor tells press conference .  investigators said local officials were `` ill-prepared '' and `` mishandled '' the aftermath .  three local officials have been sacke .
 union leaders : deal reached on taxing 'cadillac ' health care plans <sec> afl-cio chief says threshold for taxing high-end health insurance plans will rise .  dental , vision benefits wo n't be counted toward that amount after 2014 , he says .  he says $ 150 billion expected to be raised over 10 years to be cut by $ 60 billion .  obama challenges republicans to run in 2010 against changes to health syste .
 obama prepares to wrap up asia-pacific trip <sec> obama meets with indonesian president .  he is expected to attend a session of the east asia summit saturday .  he will also meet with the thai prime minister before departing for home .  the asian leg of obama 's trip follows two days in australi .
 rising from the debris of the 2004 indian ocean tsunami <sec> the 2004 indian ocean tsunami was one of the most devastating natural disasters .  aceh , indonesia , located at the northern tip of sumatra , bore the brunt of the tsunami .  plan international has provided humanitarian assistance and rebuilt a school in the cit .
 orphan boy lives in garbage dump <sec> orphan boy eats discarded food to survive .  biological mother gave him away .  boy part of refugee community in thai garbage dum .
 'angels & demons ' fails to draw vatican 's ire <sec> `` angels & demons , '' new ron howard film , based on dan brown novel .  brown 's `` da vinci code '' was controversial book made into controversial film .  howard believes vatican holds grudge ; priest says church barely aware of `` angels .
 do n't disrespect a war hero , say pro-mubarak supporters <sec> `` sons of mubarak '' are ardent supporters of former egyptian president .  mubarak is in court on charges of corruption and killing protesters .  sons say he is innocent , but many egyptians believe they are remnant of former regime .  group say they represent `` silent majority '' of egyptians not involved in revolutio .
 q & a : what 's driving egypt 's unrest ? <sec> five people have been killed as egyptians protest a presidential edict and draft constitution .  the decree gave president morsy unchecked power until a new constitution was in place .  morsy has been locked in a power struggle with factions of the old regime .  demonstrators accuse him of acting like autocratic former president mubara .
 researchers infected guatemalans with stds , commission affirms <sec> a presidential commission reaffirms previous reports on experiments in guatemala .  without their knowledge , subjects were exposed to stds .  the commission will give its report to president obama in septembe .
 why west must roll back militarily in iraq , syria <sec> aqap last month called on muslims to forget differences focus on american targets .  charlie winter writes that it was the second such communique from the al qaeda offshoot .  it indicates how much the global jihadist dynamic has changed since airstrikes began , he says .  the trend of jihadists rallying around the anti-western flag is worrying , he write .
 no further egg recalls expected , feds say <sec> new : inspections continue , but no further recalls expected , fda says .  a minneapolis family says eggs caused diarrhea , headaches and vomiting .  wright county egg says it 's working to implement corrective measures .  `` complicated '' food distribution network can expose the entire nation , official say .
 the israel fear : a careful outreach to balance syrian threat <sec> israel 's fear of chemical weapons attacks is fueling increased conversations .  jewish-american groups are quietly meeting with white house officials .  conservative billionaire sheldon adelson supports the obama administration 's approac .
 frankie edgar : 'i 'm going to come out the winner ' <sec> frankie edgar quit plumbing to be a professional fighter .  after eight straight ufc victories , his first loss was to the undefeated gray maynard .  edgar 's third fight against maynard will takes place saturday in houston .  mixed martial arts has seen a surge of interest in recent year .
 militants attack somalia 's presidential palace <sec> new : three attackers killed , one captured , government says .  new : u.s. condemns attack and praises troops .  al-shabaab militants tried to storm presidential palace , were fought off by troops .  somali president was not harmed in assaul .
 sex , drugs , gifts uncovered in government oil probe <sec> democrats : report shows bush administration too close to oil industry .  interior department inspector general found evidence of unethical activity .  officials had sex with , accepted gift from oil and gas employees , ig found .  department says taxpayers did not suffer any financial losses due to relationship .
 u.s. be warned : default would cause global crisis <sec> impact of u.s. default would send out global economic and political shockwaves .  u.s. reputation as responsible power would be undermined .  internationally , pro-american views appear already to be sliding .  there 's a perception in many capitals that domestic partisanship is infecting u.s. foreign polic .
 election a call for purple politics <sec> john avlon : election neither an ideological mandate for either party nor support for status quo .  avlon : voters rejected hyper-partisanship and cast ballots for collaboration between parties .  leaders have lacked the courage to stand up to extremes in their parties , he says .  avlon : congress ' task is to find common ground on issues such as jobs , budget , immigratio .
 inside cnn 's investigation : fear kept the va scandal a secret <sec> employees tell cnn they wanted to speak out about problems for a long time .  they say a management campaign of intimidation and fear kept them silent .  a retired doctor from the phoenix va was able to speak -- and blow the lid off the story .  office of special counsel is looking into allegations of reprisals against 37 peopl .
 what 's happening to republicans ' 2016 field ? romney , that 's what - cnnpolitics.com <sec> romney stole the show of potential 2016 candidates this weekend , telling donors and operatives that he 's looking at 2016 .  paul ryan declared officially that he wo n't seek the presidency in 2016 .  meanwhile scott walker is building up a 2016 operation , while mike huckabee releases a boo .
 gulf well tests held over another day <sec> new : extending tests is `` absolutely the best way '' forward , bp says .  new : an expert says no signs indicate a well casing breach .  officials are working to identify possible leaks of methane gas .  the lull in gushing oil is allowing the government to jump-start its claims proces .
 north korea : captive americans used as bait ( opinion ) <sec> mike kim helped north koreans escape at china border , lived with fear of being kidnapped .  he says interview with american citizens was move to get high-ranking u.s. official to visit .  kim : regime wants to impress its people with message `` look at how powerful we are '' .  kim : north korea walking a fine line : the world is sick of its games , its people wising u .
 opinion : what 's at stake in war against girls ' kidnappers ? <sec> boko haram leader says it has kidnapped more than 200 girls in nigeria .  peter bergen : nigeria is just about to host a world economic conference .  he says the terror group 's actions jeopardize africa 's largest economy .  bergen : boko haram has n't formalized ties to al qaeda , but it could threaten westerner .
 obama takes on china , putin , myanmar on asia trip <sec> obama : north korea 's release of americans did n't involve major talks on pressing issues .  the u.s. `` welcomes the rise of a prosperous , peaceful and stable china , '' obama says .  he announces an agreement with beijing to extend the maximum length of visas .  the u.s. president will visit myanmar and australia later this wee .
 can romney win by losing south carolina ? <sec> paul sracic : if mitt romney wins in s.c. , the `` bandwagon effect '' sets off winning streak .  but that means a longer time for romney to be the sole focus of attention , sracic says .  sracic says the media and opponents can zero in on his weaknesses without distractio .
 blogher '13 : where female bloggers build community , brands <sec> bloggers gather in chicago for two-day conference for women in social media .  annual conference provides networking and educational opportunities .  `` i think there 's just a misconception about what bloggers do , '' dude mom amanda rodriguez say .
 college board unveils preview of sample sat questions <sec> emphasis on `` relevant , '' commonly used words is one of many changes in new sat .  college board releases 211 pages of test specifications and sample questions wednesday .  the changes wo n't take place for another two year .
 michael brown 's stepfather : 'burn this bitch down ! ' <sec> a video captures michael brown 's stepfather urging crowd to burn down ferguson .  louis head is heard saying , `` burn this motherf -- -er down '' and `` burn this bitch down '' before violence erupted .  brown 's father has called for peaceful protests in a psa and in a family statemen .
 st. louis officer under fire for turning off dashcam <sec> police say cortez bufford refused to get out of his car as ordered .  another dashcam video shows officers kicking bufford as he 's on the ground .  bufford had a loaded handgun in his pants , police sa .
 despite immigration reforms , many young immigrants still in limbo <sec> monji dolon came to the united states from bangladesh when he was 5 years old .  as a senior in high school , he found that he was in legal limbo because of his immigration status .  now 25 , he still is in an immigration quagmire .  a think tank estimates that 2.1 million young immigrants are facing uncertain future .
 why 'illegal immigrant ' is a slur <sec> charles garcia : supreme court majority was wise to avoid term `` illegal immigrant '' .  the term suggests that individuals , rather than actions , are unlawful , he says .  he says foreign nationals residing unlawfully in the u.s. are not criminals .  repetition of phrases like `` illegal immigrant '' is like a poison that infects society , garcia say .
 police : girlfriend of man fatally shot while handcuffed said he had gun <sec> girlfriend was interviewed by a detective on wednesday , police say .  chavis carter made two calls while in a police car , phone records show .  the 21-year-old had been searched for a weapon twice .  he died from a single shot at close rang .
 every day is a holiday for yo-yo ma <sec> yo-yo ma 's new album is first holiday record for cellist .  collaborators include james taylor , diana krall , bagpiper cristina pato .  why is he so active ? .  he wanted `` interesting life .
 holey soles : italy 's breathable shoe brand looks east <sec> italian shoemaker geox specializes in creating `` breathable '' shoes and fabrics .  the company employs 30,000 people around the world and has nearly 1,200 stores .  economic downturn means geox is planning to invest in asi .
 weiner 's wife : should huma stand by her man ? <sec> women have dramatically different reactions about huma abedin 's decision .  some think abedin is doing the right thing , others think she is making a bad mistake .  one feminist argued that women should be focusing on weiner , not abedin .  women also debate the impact of abedin 's background as a top clinton advise .
 born into the chaos of katrina : a midwife 's life-giving journey <sec> robbie prepas focuses not on the destruction of katrina , but the life that emerged .  the nurse/midwife helped deliver 20 babies at the new orleans airport amid the chaos .  `` i had never in my life seen such a disaster .
 spain winger cazorla joins arsenal from malaga <sec> spanish footballer santi cazorla joins arsenal for undisclosed sum .  his former club malaga is undergoing a process of `` internal restructuring '' .  high-profile signing follows arrival of olivier giroud and lukas podolski .  arsenal must now wait to find out if captain robin van persie will sta .
 newsquiz : week of february 20 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 la dodgers file for bankruptcy <sec> los angeles dodgers have filed for bankruptcy at a court in delaware .  mlb commissioner rejected a tv deal which would have provided financial boost .  mlb have been controlling the day-to-day running of the franchise since april .  financial problems at the dodgers have been exposed during their owners ' divorc .
 libyans struggle to cope with blackouts , gas shortages <sec> government blames nato , rebels .  some tripoli residents no longer get water pumped to their apartments .  libyan official denounces rebel seizure of oil tanker .  there is international blockade of libyan airports , seaport .
 new york train crash : who is william rockefeller jr. ? <sec> william rockefeller jr. is the man at the center of new york 's train derailment .  according to a union rep , he 's been a locomotive engineer for almost 11 years .  `` he 's a man of a lot of character . .  he 's honest . .  he 's sincere , '' the rep says .  rockefeller 's lawyer says his client is married , with a stepson and granddaughte .
 clinton to meet with myanmar president in recognition of reforms <sec> new : opposition party says there is `` no true transparency '' in myanmar .  hillary clinton will meet thein sein in the cambodian tourism hub of siem reap .  the announcement comes after the u.s. eases sanctions on myanmar .  the meeting is a reward for the country 's recent political reform .
 opinion : new york , do n't kill the mute swans <sec> new york 's state environmental agency drafted a plan to exterminate mute swans .  carl safina : if swans are problem for native ducks , let hunters shoot them .  he says mute swans are not a serious threat ; they 're symbolic , beautiful and well-liked .  safina : exterminating the swans is a dumb idea ; you can voice your opinion to the stat .
 was a south korean missionary murdered by the north ? <sec> kim ha-young believes her husband was murdered for helping north koreans to defect .  her husband , kim chang-hwan , was found dead in a chinese town across the north korean border .  hospital officials said kim chang-hwan had committed suicide by swallowing pesticides .  a blood sample tested in seoul found high levels of a poison to kill a perso .
 disney offers peek at 'frozen fever ' short <sec> disney has released five stills from its upcoming short , `` frozen fever '' .  short will be shown in theaters before disney 's `` cinderella , '' opening march 1 .
 germany thrashes england to reach world cup quarterfinals <sec> germany crush arch rivals england 4-1 to reach world cup quarterfinals .  miroslav klose , lukas podolski and thomas muller ( 2 ) score for germany .  the result is england 's heaviest ever defeat at a world cup .  germany will meet maradona 's argentina in last eight in south afric .
 obama leads democrats out on a limb <sec> alex castellanos : after election , president obama revealed his liberal core .  he says post-partisanship and clinton-style moderation are out .  obama wo n't make serious concessions on entitlements , ca n't win over house , he says .  castellanos : obama will declare moral victory , but democrats will lose ground politicall .
 moomin cafe opens in hong kong <sec> japan 's moomin cafe opens in hong kong where diners can sit with stuffed animals when dining .  the moomin cafe made to look like a finnish house and garden in one of hong kong 's busiest malls .  nordic foods include venison stew , salmon milk soup and piirakk .
 46 members of denomination on doomed airasia flight <sec> pastor : 46 members of the mawar sharon denomination were on airasia flight qz8501 .  in all , 162 people were aboard the plane , which went down sunday en route to singapore .  relatives of those on the plane gather for a service near an indonesian hospita .
 earthquake hits western turkey ; 2 dead <sec> most of the injuries are minor , hospital officials say .  the tremors shake a region more than 200 miles west of ankara .  search and rescue and medical crews race to the scen .
 china to open disputed islands to tourism <sec> sightseeing cruises flagged to start in april on disputed island .  area is in a region claimed by a number of asian countries .  china considers sansha its newest cit .
 alaska volcano spews ash 20,000 feet <sec> new : national weather service issues an advisory for areas around the volcanoes .  an observatory reports ash plumes 20,000 feet above sea level over the pavlof volcano .  that and another alaska volcano remain on second highest alert status .  an expert notes volcanic eruptions over alaska can seriously affect air trave .
 u.s. military plane crashes in kyrgyzstan <sec> the status of the three crew members is unknown , the u.s. 376th air expeditionary wing says .  manas is a supply hub for u.s. forces in afghanistan .  the united states says the `` status of the crew is unknown '' .  the crash took place in a mountainous regio .
 st. louis co. police , rams spar over reported apology <sec> st. louis county police say a rams official apologized ; the rams deny it .  5 rams players used the `` hands up , do n't shoot '' gesture at sunday 's game .  a group representing police officers says it 's infuriated by the move .  the rams ' coach says players were exercising free-speech right .
 review : 'prometheus ' delivers spectacular , yet cliched , sci-fi <sec> in `` prometheus '' elizabeth shaw and colleagues explore the mysterious planet lv-223 .  ridley scott knows his audience is primed for exploding chests and toothy extraterrestrials .  there is nothing to match the shocking biological horror that erupted in `` alien .
 chinese eco-city heralds revolution in urban living <sec> chinese island is first truly environmentally sustainable city .  dongtan is being planned with a community spirit in mind .  city will retain a traditional chinese fee .
 typhoon parma slams into philippines ; 3 reported dead <sec> new : 3 dead in philippines from typhoon parma , local media report .  storm heads to sea after crossing northern philippines .  tens of thousands of filipinos sought shelter in evacuation centers .  the biggest threat was rain in areas water-logged by typhoon ketsan .
 iraqis demonstrate against u.s. troop presence <sec> protesters want u.s. troops out .  gates raises the prospect of some soldiers remaining .  there were demonstrations across iraq on frida .
 total warns against oil drilling in arctic <sec> total sa says energy companies should not drill for crude in arctic waters .  first time an oil major has spoken out against offshore arctic oil exploratio .
 nfl , apologize to women for ray rice ( opinion ) <sec> roxanne jones : goodell , nfl commissioner , talked good line on nfl welcoming female fans .  she says women 45 % of league base ; might have expected harsh penalty for ray rice .  but he got light slap . .  michael vick , of dogfighting notoriety , had harsh punishment , she says .  jones : goodell shows what he thinks of women . .  she urges nfl blackout when rice return .
 bush : president 's priority is preventing attack <sec> `` most important job ... is to protect the american people , '' bush tells cnn 's larry king .  bush agrees rocky times are ahead , but cautions obama against making predictions .  outgoing president says obama should talk more about getting on `` road to recovery .
 wen opens china 's people 's congress with call to unite <sec> wen jiabao opens annual session of china 's parliament .  the national people 's congress will complete china 's leadership transition .  chinese leader xi jinping will formally assume the title of state president .  meeting expected to shed light on china 's future directio .
 parts unknown in massachusetts <sec> anthony bourdain revisits his early culinary stomping ground on cape cod .  he also looks at a heroin epidemic raging in western massachusetts .  addiction is part of bourdain 's own stor .
 traditional british pubs facing tough times <sec> traditional british pubs are facing tough times , with 1,400 closing in 2007 .  indoor smoking ban , higher taxes and cheap supermarket alcohol hurt pubs .  about 57,000 pubs still remain in britain despite decline in number .
