 commentary : enough with baseball and steroids <sec> roland s. martin : baseball was in the doldrums until 1998 home-run race .  martin : mark mcgwire-sammy sosa race to break home-run record stirred interest .  martin says baseball had a terrible drug problem .  but he says it 's time to turn the page on baseball 's deal with devi .
 'furious ' obama orders review of ny plane flyover <sec> new : 911 call : `` there 's a plane falling , there is a big aircraft falling like 9-11 '' .  sen. john mccain `` profoundly disturbed , '' requests investigation .  air force source : planned photo shoot over d.c. monuments cancelled .  youtube video shows new yorkers scrambling as plane screams overhea .
 unc probe urged over public attacks on whistleblower <sec> government accountability project demands a probe in a letter to unc-chapel hill .  an attorney hired to look into another case may -- or may not -- do probe , unc says .  mary willingham exposed how unc enrolls student-athletes reading at third-grade level .  unc 's whistleblower policy says employees should be `` free of intimidation .
 europe feeling the economic winds of change <sec> spain and greece are both struggling under the weight of 56.1 % an 62.9 % youth unemployment respectively .  pirelli ceo provera said that europe must work closer together to compete with the likes of india and china .  european commission vp tajani prioritizing new jobs for young people by creating a new education policy in europ .
 israel harvested organs without permission , officials say <sec> israeli ministry of health : practice is `` an old story that ended years ago '' .  glue was used to close eyelids to hide missing corneas , doctor says .  corneas , heart valves , skin , bones were taken from bodies .  swedish journalist accuses israel of harvesting organs from palestinian .
 france says consul hurt in gaza airstrike <sec> new : french consul , family hit by flying glass , ministry says .  france calls on israel to avoid civilian casualties .  israel says the strike was in response to palestinian rocket fir .
 teddy the foam-headed president finally wins nationals ' mascot race <sec> the mascot race involves four foam-headed caricatures of presidents .  teddy roosevelt had never beat honest abe and crew .  the rival philadelphia phillies ' mascot gave him the help he needed .  the nationals head into the playoffs , like teddy , on a winning strea .
 seattle police cure munchies with doritos at city 's hempfest <sec> seattle police give away 1,000 bags of doritos with advice about smoking pot on them .  `` do n't drive while high '' and `` do n't use pot in public , '' the bags read .  `` we knew if we did leaflets , it would turn into litter , '' one sergeant says .  the cops ran out of doritos in less than 30 minutes at seattle 's hempfes .
 goodbye hotmail , hello outlook <sec> microsoft says its outlook.com e-mail service is now officially available worldwide .  the venerable hotmail service and brand will be going away . .  but hotmail users will be able to keep their hotmail.com e-mail addresse .
 after 2010 state of the union jab , how many justices will attend ? <sec> president obama condemned a supreme court ruling during last year 's speech .  in the wake of that speech , justice samuel alito has said he wo n't attend this year .  chief justice john roberts last year derided the `` pep rally '' atmosphere .  justice stephen breyer , however , said he enjoys attending and will agai .
 obama blasts romney tax plan in ohio <sec> mitt romney 's campaign challenges a report on the candidate 's tax plan .  president obama visits ohio for the ninth time this year .  a new poll shows obama ahead in ohio and two other battleground states .  the romney campaign launches a new ad criticizing the auto industry bailou .
 obama orders review of military equipment sold to cops <sec> president obama orders review of programs providing local police military equipment .  decision follows criticisms of law enforcement force in ferguson , missouri .  nation 's eyes have been on ferguson since fatal police shooting of michael brow .
 cnn student news - february 6 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 'hooked for life ' on math <sec> when he was a boy in australia , terence tao says , he loved games , puzzles , math problems .  once he realized that math could answer questions about the world , he was hooked , he says .  at 16 he came to u.s. to study for ph.d ; split life between u.s. and australia ; married in u.s . .  tao : i 'm husband , dad , citizen of both countries now , but my identity is as a mathematicia .
 wall street was n't ready for another romney campaign - cnnpolitics.com <sec> private equity could be back in the spotlight if mitt romney runs for president .  industry took a beating when romney ran in 201 .
 looking to wikipedia for clues about romney vp pick <sec> in past elections , wikipedia edits have served as signal for vice presidential picks .  edits seem to increase right before a candidate is announced as running mate .  sen . .  rob portman 's page had a spike in favorable edits on tuesda .
 controversy stirs anew over saudi textbooks with obama set to visit <sec> study finds saudi textbooks still `` create a climate that fosters intolerance '' .  think tank claims obama administration decided not to publish the study .  president barack obama makes trip to saudi arabia this wee .
 8 voyages of a lifetime <sec> sail down the nile to experience the luxor temple and the tombs of ramses ii at abu simbel .  indulge in the savory cuisine found along the banks of the mississippi .  china 's yangtze flows through the three gorges between rock formations and cliff .
 dachau : gate with 'arbeit macht frei ' nazi sign stolen <sec> the gate was stolen from the former dachau concentration camp in germany .  the slogan `` arbeit macht frei '' became emblematic of the nazi camps .  director : theft is an attempt `` to deny ... the memory of the crimes committed in this place '' .  the arbeit macht frei '' sign at the auschwitz camp in poland was stolen in 200 .
 big pig : north carolina man fells 500-pound boar with one shot <sec> jett webb plans to eat what he does n't give away .  he and others had been tracking the big pig on video cameras set up near their hunting lodge .  webb and another man tried to drag the boar out of the woods .  critters usually weigh 180 pounds , or les .
 nadal battles past ferrer to seize seventh barcelona title <sec> spain 's rafael nadal wins tough battle with compatriot david ferrer to seize seventh barcelona title .  world no.2 wins 7-6 7-5 to extend his winning streak in the tournament to 34 matches .  win takes nadal 's career title tally to 4 .
 prince william , catherine to visit devastated town of slave lake <sec> plans include visits with emergency services personnel and families in slave lake .  a wildfire in may destroyed many homes in the central alberta town .  wednesday is the seventh day of the royal couple 's nine-day canadian tour .  william and catherine will end their tour in calgary before heading to the united state .
 report : apple will reveal new iphone next month <sec> report : new iphone coming on september 10 .  phone could be called the iphone 5s .  leaks have also suggested a cheaper iphone could be coming .  apple looks to respond to unprecedented competition from androi .
 senate leader says new weapons ban wo n't pass <sec> sen. harry reid says the proposed ban on some firearms wo n't get enough votes .  reid will introduce gun legislation without the ban to ensure it clears a gop filibuster .  reid says the ban 's sponsor , sen. dianne feinstein , can then offer it as an amendment .  new : feinstein says she is disappointed , but wo n't back dow .
 serbia stun spain in basketball quarters <sec> serbia through to the semifinals of the world basketball championships .  they claim a 92-89 victory over holders and european champions spain .  a late milos teodosic three-pointer secured a surprise success for serbia .  the result was revenge for spain 's win over serbia in the 2009 european fina .
 adebayor hat-trick gives man city europa league victory <sec> emmanuel adebayor scores a hat-trick as manchester city beat lech poznan 3-1 .  city head europa league group a after fine victory at eastlands .  liverpool hold napoli to 0-0 draw in match held with strong police presence .  porto make it three wins from three with 3-1 victory over besikta .
 appeals court rejects california 's proposition 8 <sec> new : `` very soon , proposition 8 will be gone forever , '' one of the plaintiffs says .  new : the mormon church says it `` regrets '' tuesday 's ruling .  proposition 8 supporters say they 'll appeal , and a stay remains in place .  the narrowly written decision may be `` the last word '' on california , toobin say .
 will volcano cause a repeat of travel chaos ? <sec> ash cloud prompts cancellation of dozens of flights , .  authorities have raised safety threshold for flying in ash cloud .  scientists say ash particles produced by grimsvotn volcano are less hazardous than those from eyjafjallajokul .
 clark howard : housing crisis is n't all bad news <sec> half of all home purchases in february were by first-time homebuyers .  in reo , real-estate owned , you buy directly from bank after they foreclose on property .  clark is a fan of houses that smell , since he can really underbid his offer .  the key to finding a deal is to know local market condition .
 rock and roll hall of fame inducts ringo starr , joan jett <sec> paul mccartney honors ringo starr at rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony .  green day , lou reed , joan jett & the blackhearts also honore .
 air marshal whistleblower gets high court hearing over leaks to media <sec> robert maclean was fired as a federal air marshal in 2006 .  the tsa says he leaked `` sensitive security information '' to the media .  maclean says he revealed scheduled cutbacks in air marshals on long-distance flights .  the u.s. supreme court will hear arguments in the cas .
 obama meets bin laden raiders , promises victory over al qaeda <sec> new : canine involved in operation at meeting with president .  obama promises victory over al qaeda while addressing troops at fort campbell .  obama and biden met members of the team that raided bin laden 's compound .  obama awards the presidential unit citation to units involved in the missio .
 designer shuns medical school to build 'jewelry empire ' <sec> janet fredman designs is a jewelry business based in lusaka , zambia .  fredman transforms raw materials such as wood and seeds into quality accessories .  the venture hopes to reveal the inherent beauty in modest resource .
 del potro feels the heat in melbourne <sec> argentine crashes out in five sets to world no . .  62 roberto bautista agut .  federer , murray and nadal all safely through to third round after straight-set wins .  maria sharapova comes through marathon match against italy 's karin knapp .  2013 champ azarenka wins in straight sets 6-1 6-4 against barbora zahlavova strycov .
 man appears in london court over soldier 's killing <sec> michael adebowale will have a bail hearing monday , the court says .  he appears , flanked by police officers , at westminster magistrates ' court in london .  he 's charged with murder and unlawful possession of a firearm , police say .  a 28-year-old suspect remains under arrest at a london hospita .
 sneijder injured as inter milan return to top of serie a table <sec> inter milan go two points clear of second-placed roma with 3-1 win over lowly atalanta .  wesley sneijder in doubt for wednesday 's trip to barcelona due to thigh injury .  inter come from behind with goals to diego milito , mcdonald mariga and cristian chivu .  third-placed ac milan crash 3-1 at palermo , who move above sampdoria into fourt .
 illinois governor : 'i have done nothing wrong ' <sec> illinois gov . .  rod blagojevich says he is not guilty of criminal wrongdoing .  blagojevich says he has the truth on his side , vows to stay on the job .  governor accused of trying to sell president-elect obama 's senate seat .  blagojevich 's lawyer says evidence was illegally obtaine .
 nfl 's goodell : 'we will get our house in order ' <sec> source : police described elevator video to ravens security head .  roger goodell says he never considered resigning his post .  goodell says he `` got it wrong '' in his handling of the ray rice scandal .  `` we will get our house in order , '' he sai .
 anti-gay crime up in new york as city prepares for pride events <sec> anti-gay hate crimes up over 70 % , police commissioner says .  two more attacks occurred this week .  police are stepping up their presence in lgbt neighborhood .
 customs slip cannabis into passenger 's bag <sec> customs official slips cannabis into passenger 's bag to test sniffer dogs .  cannabis slips through the net , with officials forced to ask for its return .  cannabis hidden in bag of unwitting passenger from hong kon .
 boy admits 'swatting ' ashton kutcher , justin bieber <sec> police rushed to ashton kutcher 's home in response to fake 911 call .  a 12-year-old will be sentenced by a juvenile judge in his home county .  `` swatting '' is extremely dangerous , police sa .
 is ian poulter the 'p diddy ' of golf ? <sec> golfer ian poulter turned professional in 1995 , and has won 10 european tour events .  he 's also represented europe at the ryder cup three teams , in 2004 , 2006 and 2010 .  in 2007 poulter launched his own clothing label , fulfilling a lifetime ambition .  with over 1.1 million fans on twitter , he 's been labeled golf 's second biggest bran .
 despite economic miracle , erdogan targeted by protests <sec> recep tayyip erdogan swept to power determined to prove he could transform turkey 's economy .  his track record is good : inflation reigned in and foreign investment flowing in .  but the mayor of istanbul does not seem content with his first decade in power .  and protestors are taking to the street in their thousand .
 indiana woman killed her 3 children and herself , police say <sec> mother , three children died from gunshot wounds to the head .  authorities believe mother amanda bennett set fire to the home .  bennett was believed to have written an online post blaming her husban .
 downpour drenches poland 's euro pride <sec> poland 's home tie with england delayed 24 hours by waterlogged pitch .  germany let slip a four-goal lead at home as sweden net late on to claim dramatic 4-4 draw .  spain 's remarkable run of 24 successive qualifying wins ends when held by france in madrid .  ronaldo 's 100th cap overshadowed as portugal salvage 1-1 draw at home to northern irelan .
 sony expects nearly $ 3 billion loss <sec> sony cites tough domestic and global financial conditions .  the company also blames appreciation of the japanese yen and the flooding in thailand for losse .
 rwandan rebel leader arrested in france <sec> icc warrant charges arrested man with war crimes , crimes against humanity .  the charges involve mass rape and other crimes in the democratic republic of congo .  the rwandan rebels fled to congo after the 1994 rwandan genocid .
 tsa checkpoint improvements on the way ? <sec> department of homeland security exploring more efficient airport screening .  the agency put out a call to technology companies for scanning ideas .  the government would like to eliminate the need to remove shoes and outerwea .
 atlanta police clear white officers of profiling in tyler perry case <sec> entertainer tyler perry was stopped in february after making an illegal turn .  he wrote on facebook that the encounter with two white officers was `` hostile '' .  atlanta police investigated , said the officers were justified .  rep for perry said he was out of the country , could not be reached for commen .
 mila kunis : ashton kutcher was my first kiss <sec> kunis says `` that '70s show '' co-star kutcher was her first kiss .  the pair went to prom together on their show .  she calls him the love of her lif .
 'twin peaks ' cast backs david lynch in salary standoff <sec> `` twin peaks '' creator david lynch announced he was departing the showtime revival of the cult series sunday .  cast members of the show posted a youtube video wednesday pleading for him to return .  wednesday was the series ' 25th anniversar .
 opinion : iran talks : down to a deal or a war <sec> trita parsi : talks with iran restarting and a good compromise is possible .  deal helps u.s. security and nonproliferation goals and makes iran less hostile , parsi says .  parsi : past has been a cycle of increasing sanctions met with escalating nuclear program .  he says it 's a deal or war , one that would be worse than syria , iraq , afghanistan combine .
 3 killed in attack , gun battle at red cross in afghanistan <sec> new : 3 killed in attack on international committee of red cross building in jalalabad , afghanistan .  new : seven foreign nationals have been rescued in the jalalabad incident .  in panjshir , attack on governor 's office leaves one police officer and seven attackers dead .  one attacker blows himself up , the others are shot by police , interior ministry say .
 ebola : do n't catch irrational fear ( opinion ) <sec> poll finds two-thirds of americans fear a widespread epidemic of ebola in the u.s . .  mel robbins says `` fear-bola '' attacks part of brain responsible for rational thinking .  robbins : one person has died from ebola in u.s. , but flu kills tens of thousands a year .  she says we have almost no chance of catching ebola but need to help west afric .
 in haiti , mental aftershocks could be far-reaching <sec> after initial shock of tragedy wanes , other mental issues arise , experts say .  world bank : life expectancy in haiti is 61 years ; u.s. is 78 .  expert : the haitian population is already strained from weak social and economic supports .  there is a danger of rumors spreading , leading people to make bad decision .
 how ferguson , missouri , became a global conversation <sec> michael brown , a black teen , was shot august 9 by a white police officer .  his death sparked protests in the st. louis suburb and beyond .  a grand jury is weighing whether to indict the officer .  federal officials are conducting two civil rights investigation .
 u.s. to send 3,000 more troops to afghanistan <sec> troops will be part of a combat aviation brigade ; transport helicopters to be sent .  they are latest to be approved for expected build-up of u.s. troops next year .  dutch soldier has been killed in southern afghanistan , nato confirms .  soldier died in an improved explosive device strik .
 designer galliano found guilty in anti-semitism trial <sec> new : galliano is ordered to pay the court costs of four anti-racism groups .  john galliano is given a suspended 6,000 euro fine but is not sentenced to jail .  galliano is glad it is over and wants to put the episode behind him , his lawyer says .  the designer says he was an addict and ca n't recall making abusive comment .
 gaza aid ship unloads at egyptian port <sec> new : a libyan-backed ship carrying aid for gaza unloads at the egyptian port of al arish .  the ship 's captain is awaiting final approval to unload aid .  the ship attempted to break an israeli naval blockade of gaza , but was diverted .  israeli soldiers killed nine activists aboard another aid ship in ma .
 zeppelin is latest way to see paris <sec> airship takes to skies around paris for first time in 30 years .  latest zeppelin is size of jumbo jet -- but a lot lighter and slower .  tickets a little more expensive than most paris tours ... make that a lot .  non-flammable gas makes craft `` safest way to fly .
 'idol 's ' kimberley locke has 'gospel dream ' <sec> singer kimberley locke finished third during season two of `` american idol '' .  she is co-hosting the fourth season of the talent competition `` gospel dream '' .  locke has worked steadily since `` idol '' as a spokesperson , host and performer .  she says she 'd like to appear on `` dancing with the stars .
 florida gov . rick scott signs law restricting drones <sec> gov . .  rick scott says the measure protects residents from `` unwarranted surveillance '' .  conservative republicans and the aclu are among the law 's backers .  the measure requires a judge to sign off before state and local police can use drones .  there are exceptions for terrorism , `` imminent danger to life or serious damage to property .
 african union forces make gains in somali militants ' stronghold <sec> african union forces successfully enter the port city of kismayo .  the city is a key battleground with al-shabaab , an islamic group .  thousands of civilians had been fleeing the area in anticipation of the assaul .
 emmitt smith 's family tree has slaves , slave owner <sec> nfl all-star emmett smith felt like a detective as he hunted for his family history .  he learned his great-great-grandmother , victoria , had unusual maiden name : puryear .  traced her grandmother to a notorious slave trading family of same name .  smith on his ancestor : `` they treated my people like animals ... but worse than animals .
