 turks criticize chinese treatment of uyghurs <sec> turkey 's pm calls on china to stop assimilation efforts of uyghurs in xinjiang .  prime minister erdogan labels latest violence in urumqi as `` genocide '' .  clashes in urumqi erupted over ethnic tensions between uyghurs and ha .
 romney could n't overcome contradictions <sec> timothy stanley : romney , who lost presidential election , has long been paradox .  stanley : romney was moderate republican in mass . .  ; later became `` severely conservative '' .  he says gop wanted a polished technocrat ; romney shifted rightward to win conservatives .  stanley : his contradications could n't be overcome for frustrated electorat .
 'gotham ' : villains shine in fox premiere <sec> much-hyped `` gotham '' premiered monday night on fox .  the new series looks at gotham city many years before the emergence of batman .  the villains were the highlight of the first episod .
 prince william deployed to falkland islands <sec> british prince deployed as part of search and rescue crew .  a six-week deployment is conventional for rescue pilots .  he will not complete any ceremonial duties , ministry of defence says .  deployment draws criticism in argentin .
 nfl lagging on stadium wi-fi <sec> despite efforts of commissioner roger goodell , less than half nfl stadiums have wi-fi .  at games , the crush of fans with smartphones can overload cellular networks .  the improved home-viewing experience may have caused a recent dip in nfl attendance .  some stadium operators are waiting for a faster version of wi-fi to be develope .
 egypt 's revolutionary soccer ultras : how football fans toppled mubarak <sec> al ahly and zamalek face each other in the cairo derby at the city 's international stadium .  the two teams ' ultra groups fought alongside each other during the recent uprising .  they are now again in opposition following the overthrow of longtime ruler hosni mubarak .  both teams are involved in the battle for the egyptian league titl .
 sochi 2014 : vanessa mae adds olympic string to her bow <sec> violinist vanessa mae finishes 67th in giant slalom .  the 35-year-old 's final time is 50.10 seconds off winner tina maze 's time .  mae crosses the finishing line , unlike 22 other competitors .  the musician relishes the experience despite her final placin .
 bus blast kills 2 soldiers in yemeni capital <sec> two soldiers are killed and 14 injured when a bomb explodes under a military bus .  no one immediately claims responsibility for the attack in the yemeni capital , sanaa .  two blasts shook sanaa at the weekend ; two westerners are also reported kidnappe .
 senior yemen official dies from palace attack injuries <sec> abdul aziz abdul ghani was president of the shura council .  he had been a trusted associate of president saleh for more than five decades .  youth protesters marching in the streets vow saleh will be ouste .
 11 intriguing things owned by wealthy russians <sec> russian oligarchs own some of the most lavish assets around the world .  these include professional sports teams , exclusive jewelery and artworks .  some of the most expensive properties belong to russian millionaire .
 africanized bee swarm kills texas man <sec> larry goodwin , 62 , was pushing over a chicken coop when the swarm attacked .  `` when we got to him , he was purple , '' goodwin 's daughter says .  africanized honey bees are believed to have entered texas in 199 .
 how newspapers can survive <sec> study shows newspaper industry is declining faster than any other u.s. industry .  john barth blames loss of ads to internet , greedy investment firms , diluted news commitment .  he says papers need to connect to readers , be authentic , be creative on web , platforms .  readers need to realize , he says , they must pick up part of the tab for their new .
 u.s. military halts cargo shipments out of afghanistan <sec> u.s. cites risk to drivers and contractors along route to pakistan .  the united states faces continuing protests over drone strikes .  about 33,000 tons of u.s. cargo shipped out of afghanistan each mont .
 georgia mascot uga vii dies at age 4 <sec> uga vii was in his second season as university of georgia mascot .  purebred english bulldog died of heart-related causes .  officials expected to decide next year who will replace the white bulldo .
 argentina begins yellow fever vaccinations <sec> disease outbreak has occurred in northern argentina , brazil and paraguay .  the outbreak has killed at least 21 people .  health officials recommend that people planning to go to affected areas get vaccine .  concern began in argentina last month after 17 monkeys died of yellow feve .
 japanese cuteness overload could result in mascot cull <sec> japanese prefectures rely heavily on their mascots for promotion .  an easily recognizable `` yuru-kyara '' can be invaluable .  osaka looking to cut character dead wood and focus on one yuru-kyara sta .
 al jazeera closes english-language bureau in china after visa denial <sec> the u.s. state department says it is `` disappointed '' by china 's decision .  al jazeera 's beijing correspondent has been denied a visa by china .  china has expressed `` anger '' over an al jazeera report , a journalist group says .  a chinese spokesman says foreign journalists must abide by chinese laws and regulation .
 messi hits record five as barcelona rout bayer leverkusen in nou camp <sec> lionel messi hits record five goals barcelona 's 7-1 win over bayer leverkusen .  defending champions go through 10-2 on aggregate .  messi held previous record of four goals in a tie .  apoel nicosia beat lyon after dramatic penalty shootou .
 upper midwest swelters with high temperatures , humidity <sec> new : a minnesota twins fan describes the extreme heat in minneapolis as `` brutal '' .  the national weather service has declared excessive heat warnings for 14 states .  high humidity has driven up heat indices , making it feel as hot as 126 degrees .  the extreme heat is forecast to move east by week 's end , affecting the east coas .
 official : workers accidentally set universal studios blaze <sec> workers using heating tools started sunday 's fire , an official told cnn .  the blaze destroyed movie sets and a king kong exhibit .  10 firefighters were injure .
 what is this band doing with a samurai sword ? <sec> kao=s is a japanese band formed in the aftermath of the 2011 tsunami .  made up of three members , the band fuses japanese culture with music .  performances include masks , kimonos and samurai sword dancing .  the trio hope to create a new japanese style by elevating their live performanc .
 justice ginsburg ready to welcome sotomayor <sec> justice ruth bader ginsburg happy about possibility of female colleague .  ginsburg : `` women belong in all places where decision are being made '' .  she says sotomayor `` well-equipped to handle the challenges our work presents .
 'facts of life ' stars reunite for 35th anniversary <sec> most of the cast of `` facts of life '' reunited on monday .  the reunion was held at the paley center in support of an upcoming dvd release .  the stars discussed whether the series could work on tv today .  lisa whelchel thought it could only if it were more risqu .
 faa furloughs officially suspended <sec> president barack obama signs bill to end faa furloughs .  his signature was delayed by a typo in the bill .  despite the delayed signature , the fix went into effect over the weekend .  thousands of delays were attributed to the weeklong staffing cut .
 blasts confirm instability , polarization in pakistan <sec> at least 124 dead following blasts in karachi , pakistan .  benazir bhutto returned to country earlier in the day after eight years of exile .  bhutto was going to tomb of jinnah , who led pakistan to independence .  bhutto may have been targeted for being female and being pro-democrac .
 more arrests in u.s. consulate attack , libyan official says <sec> the president of libya 's parliament says around 50 people are arrested .  another senior official disputes that number and says 50 have been questioned .  there are differing views on whether the tuesday attack was planne .
 investigators : new york prius crash likely driver error <sec> the wrecked 2005 prius ' data recorder showed no indication of brake compression . .  police say there was no indication the driver engaged the brake . .  police say the data was collected in a cooperative effort with nhtsa and toyota .
 obama on golfing after foley statement : bad optics <sec> obama says he deserved criticism for golfing after speaking about james foley .  obama was vacationing when islamic militants released the gruesome beheading video .  when asked if he 's `` exhausted , '' obama admits to being sleep-deprived at time .
 opinion : steubenville case shows how the rules have changed <sec> verdict shows that the way society views sexual conduct has changed , simmons says .  law struggles to define a person is too intoxicated to consent , he says .  case also shows how social media affect criminal case .
 first diagnosed case of ebola in the u.s . <sec> ambulance that transported patient was in service for two more days .  crew that transported the patient to the hospital has been isolated .  `` i have no doubt that we 'll stop this in its tracks in the u.s , '' cdc director says .  the patient recently arrived in the united states from liberi .
 nyc mayor : diminutive dwelling design wanted <sec> michael bloomberg seeks design proposals for a manhattan apartment .  the `` micro-units '' are defined as rentals with 275 to 300 square feet of living space .  submissions are due september 14 and winners will be chosen at the end of 2012 .  the first micro-units are to be developed by late 201 .
 government moves to stop sales of infant recliner models after 5 deaths <sec> the recliners include the nap nanny and nap nanny chill infant models .  the government wants to stop sales and manufacture of the products .  the recliners ' manufacturer did not respond to cnn .  five infant deaths have been linked to the recliners , the government say .
 at roast for joe arpaio , were arizona legislator 's jokes racist ? <sec> rep. john kavanagh is under fire after remarks at a roast for sheriff joe arpaio .  critics say his jokes were racist and used latinos as the punchline .  kavanagh says the jokes were `` satirical comedy '' aimed at arpaio .  a civil rights group says they show conservatives do n't respect latino .
 18 dead in india , nepal after magnitude-6.9 quake <sec> new : 7 dead , 98 are injured in india 's sikkim province , but an official notes improvements .  300 civilians , 22 tourists are rescued near india 's border with tibet , an official says .  the quakes set off landslides that , with heavy rains , are hampering rescue efforts .  a wall of the british embassy in kathmandu collapsed due to the quake , killing .
 cambodia shuts australian-run orphanage over abuse allegations <sec> authorities shut australian-run orphanage in cambodia .  orphanage under investigation for trafficking , child abuse and neglect .  whereabouts of australian woman in charge of the orphanage unclear .  many orphanages in cambodia are unregulate .
 gottfried : robin williams ' generous heart ( opinion ) <sec> gilbert gottfried and robin williams did voices for `` aladdin '' but did n't bump into each other .  they did meet in comedy clubs , where williams was at home , generous to others , he says .  it was always invigorating , exhausting performing together , gottfried says .  gottfried : last memory of williams was a night out in new york , where he was graciou .
 city of cars : is this the world 's best auto museum ? <sec> cite de l'automobile in mulhouse , france , is home to the world 's biggest bugatti collection .  most of the luxury performance cars were collected by brothers fritz and hans schlumpf .  the collection includes the fabulous 1929 type 41 royale coupe napoleon , ettore bugatti 's personal ca .
 white tiger kills visitor at zoo in new delhi , india <sec> new : the victim was a man aged 19 or 20 from new delhi , police say .  the visitor `` jumped into the tiger 's enclosure , '' the zoo director says .  cell phone video appears to show the tiger grabbing the man by his neck , mauling hi .
 cholera toll approaching 300 in cameroon <sec> cameroon 's northern region has repeatedly been the site of cholera outbreaks .  few in northern cameroon have access to potable water .  the disease is spread through water contaminated with human wast .
 brussels public transport paralyzed by workers ' strike over death <sec> a transport company supervisor died after he was punched by a member of the public .  striking transport workers want authorities to give them more protection .  their company and the belgian government say they will recruit new security staff .  brussels is home to nato , the european commission and many other international group .
 report : iv difficulties behind botched oklahoma execution <sec> oklahoma will rewrite execution protocols , governor says .  oklahoma 's department of public safety issues a report into clayton lockett 's death .  lockett was executed in april .  problems with the iv contributed to the complications in the execution , the report say .
 jaycee dugard 's mother : 'another miracle happened ' <sec> jaycee dugard 's mother , terry probyn , says her family is `` still grieving '' .  she chokes back tears as she describes this week 's events in cleveland .  `` another miracle happened yesterday , '' she says at an awards ceremon .
 obama 's historic speech deepens divisions <sec> david gergen says historians will look on obama 's speech as an important source .  obama seemed liberated to express his philosophy of government , he says .  gergen says the president stressed equality in the tradition of lincoln , king .  he says gop is bristling at the speech , and it will likely deepen divisions in washingto .
 jewish scrolls burned in potential hate crime <sec> nypd searches for person who set fire to 11 mezuzahs .  an additional one is discovered burned inside the apartment building next door .  `` this was a brazen act of religious desecration , '' official say .
 cocaine , heart disease contributed to houston 's drowning , coroner says <sec> houston used cocaine just before collapse in the bathtub , coroner says .  narrowed arteries `` suggest a cardiac event '' caused her collapse .  marijuana , xanax , flexeril and benadryl found in her blood played no role , coroner says .  houston died in her room at the beverly hilton hotel a day before the grammy .
 can uva fraternity sue rolling stone ? <sec> an outside review found that a rolling stone article about campus rape was `` deeply flawed '' .  danny cevallos says that there are obstacles to a successful libel case , should one be file .
 world bike festival highlights benefits of cycling around the globe <sec> changwon in south korea will host the world bike festival from october 21 to october 24 , 2011 .  the event is designed to raise awareness about environmental issues and carbon emissions .  cycling enthusiasts will be able to take part in an amateur race , bike parade and fashion sho .
 analysis : five reasons the president fumbled the debate <sec> cnn 's jessica yellin analyzes president barack obama 's debate performance .  obama 's team had him cling too hard to his nice-guy image , yellin observes .  yellin also points out the president did n't engage in enough debate prep .  finally , the president does n't take criticism well , and that hurt him , yellin say .
 china puts foot down , will hong kong listen ? <sec> beijing recently said no to hong kong voting for its leaders without approval .  one pro-democracy leader in hong kong admitted support for their campaign may be sliding .  in 1997 hong kongers were frantic to get a passport before china reclaimed the territory .  others talked about hong kong helping to encourage democracy in the mainlan .
 blazing sun , noisy jets fail to spoil official farewell for gates <sec> `` we 're really going home , '' robert gates whispered to his wife at his farewell ceremony .  gates has a history of being asked to return or stay longer than planned in public service .  thursday 's event was marked by blistering heat and relentless jet noise .  defense secretary writes a heartfelt farewell to those who serve and have serve .
 captured fugitive 'whitey ' bulger will be taken to boston <sec> more than $ 800,000 found at residence , source says .  james `` whitey '' bulger does not seek bond .  magistrate orders bulger be sent to boston .  authorities found firearms , cash in apartment where bulger was arrested , a source say .
 michelle yeoh : balance , beauty and butt-kicking <sec> trained dancer turned to acting after injury at college .  performs her own stunts and has pioneered stronger female roles in asian films .  international recognition came as a bond girl and `` crouching tiger , hidden dragon .
 bahrain king closes cases on shia leaders accused of plot <sec> new : the decision means a self-exiled opposition leader wo n't be arrested when he returns tuesday .  `` i know that thousands will be waiting for me , '' says mushaimaa .  bahrain had requested interpol to help in arresting mushaimaa in september .  bahrain postpones formula 1 race because of protest .
 indian soldier kills 2 colleagues , himself <sec> indian army trooper uses service rifle to kill fellow troopers and himself .  the incident took place in the poonch district of indian-administered kashmir .  in a similar incident in february , a trooper shot five colleagues and himsel .
 iranian jews slam 'emigrant stunt ' <sec> senior iranian jew calls mass emigration of 40 jews to israel `` misinformation '' .  40 iranian jews landed in israel on december 25 .  u.s.-based group behind incident receives cash from evangelical christians .  each immigrant received $ 10,000 to cover abanonded possessions , group admit .
 girl , 3 , dies after gunbattle involving driver , police <sec> incident occurs in prince george 's county , maryland .  police pursue a car driven away from a double shooting .  the man driving the car exchanges gunfire with police .  police say they do n't know if the man or police killed the gir .
 mexico says gulf cartel boss arrested <sec> new : this was a mexican operation , the dea says .  the mexican navy says it has arrested jorge eduardo costilla sanchez .  costilla is said to be the leader of the gulf cartel .  multimillion-dollar rewards were offered for his capture in mexico and the united state .
 dna results settle bobby fischer paternity case <sec> results show fischer is not the father of a filipino girl .  girl 's lawyer says it ends the paternity case .  fischer 's body was exhumed last mont .
 mcqueen left a note and hanged himself , coroner says <sec> coroner tells inquest designer left note and hanged himself .  alexander mcqueen , 40 , found dead at london home last week .  coroner 's officer says police are looking at suicide note .  mcqueen 's death mourned by fashion world and fans worldwid .
 family wins reprieve for brain-dead daughter <sec> new : the family of jahi mcmath wins a temporary restraining order .  the 13-year-old is on life support .  doctors declared her brain dead after undergoing a tonsillectom .
 justices appear divided over greenhouse gas regulation <sec> supreme court hears six appeals during oral arguments .  federal clean air standards at issue for states and utilities .  cases could be a major test of executive authority for the white hous .
 oregon governor performs cpr on woman <sec> kitzhaber was on his way to dinner when he noticed the woman .  it is n't the first time he 's put his medical training to use .  during a debate in 2010 , he helped a man having a seizure .  he also once chased an intrude .
 rosie o'donnell returning to 'the view ' <sec> co-host will be rejoining the show .  announcement came from show 's twitter account .  goldberg will be the only current co-host returnin .
 avoid 'confined spaces ' such as planes , biden says <sec> vice president has swine flu advice for family members .  `` i would n't go anywhere in confined places now , '' biden says .  cdc advises against non-essential travel to mexico .  swine flu suspected in 159 deaths in mexic .
