 tom waits : the bard of americana <sec> singer songwriter tom waits has won critical acclaim for his music .  his strange tales of the seedy side of america have attracted a cult following .  the actress scarlett johansson is a fan and recorded a recent tribute album .  waits counts u.s. writers jack kerouac and charles bukowski as influence .
 spokesman : zsa zsa gabor hospitalized , to have leg amputated <sec> zsa zsa gabor will have her leg amputated below the knee .  her representative says gangrene was `` imminent '' .  gabor has been unable to walk since a 2002 car cras .
 second missing california runner found <sec> new : official : second ultrarunner found in serious condition with severe dehydration .  new : spokesman : woman found when helicopter spotted her waving .  police : california runners leave at 5:30 a.m. sunday , reported missing monday .  maria `` gina '' natera-armenta and fidel diaz said they planned long run in fores .
 federal agency files large human-trafficking suit <sec> farm owners deny allegations , say they did not abuse thai workers .  the first allegations arose in 2003 , by a worker who escaped a farm in hawaii .  the federal agency accuses a california firm , eight farms of forced labor of farm workers .  the government is seeking back pay , monetary damages for worker .
 'swimming upstream , ' white supremacist groups still strong <sec> new : page was associated with `` the scariest , most violent skinhead group , '' the director of the splc says .  authorities are looking into whether the gunman , who was killed , had ties to such a group .  there are more than 1,000 hate groups active in the united states , a rights group says .  some recruit through musi .
 from farmer 's boy to british open champion , golf 's new superstar <sec> louis oosthuizen stormed to his first major win at the british open at st. andrews .  the 27-year-old lives on a farm in gourits river , south africa , next door to his parents .  oosthuizen is a graduate from the ernie els foundation before turning professional at 19 .  he also became a father after wife nel-marie gave birth to their daughter jan .
 records : 'blood money ' paid to kin of pakistanis killed by u.s. man <sec> new : victims of both families get a total of about $ 2.3 million , official says .  davis says he shot the two men in lahore after they attacked him .  the killings spark a diplomatic tussle between the u.s. and pakistan .  pakistan is key u.s. ally in the war against terro .
 crowdsourcing volunteers comb satellite photos for malaysia airlines jet <sec> satellite images from strait of malacca will go online for crowdsourcing too .  man spots a floating plane in satellite photo , but it could be a boat too , he says .  a colorado firm asks the public to search for missing plane in satellite photos of ocean .  `` we 'll ask you to mark anything that looks interesting , any signs of wreckage , '' rep say .
 syria 's chemical weapons inspectors prepare for unprecedented mission <sec> opcw inspectors are preparing for deployment to syria with a training program in germany .  week-long program teaches risk awareness , first aid , dealing with kidnapping threat .  syria mission marks first time opcw inspectors will be sent into a live war zone .  opcw has been on the ground in syria since october 1 and won this year 's nobel peace priz .
 oscar pistorius trial 's ground-breaking judge <sec> thokozile masipa was the second black woman to become a south african judge .  she came to law after careers as a journalist and social worker .  her former tutor says she passed with `` flying colors '' and lawyers respect her .  she 's shown concern for pistorius as he wept and vomited in cour .
 sources : castaway moved to undisclosed location to avoid media <sec> new : jose salvador alvarenga has been moved to an undisclosed location .  alvarenga says he was lost at sea for 13 months .  he has been in and out of the hospital since being found .  a doctor says that alvarenga is now ready to trave .
 saudi will increase oil output to cut prices <sec> saudis will increase daily oil production from 9 million barrels to 9.7 million .  increase from july , boosting production to highest level since 1981 .  announcement at jeddah energy summit to help ease pain of oil price hike .  saudis : opec should give $ 1b for strategy , $ 500m of which for developing nation .
 deadly raid hits iranian exile group 's camp in iraq <sec> new : iraq 's prime minister orders an investigation into the deadly raid .  iraqi officials say 15 people were killed at camp ashraf ; the exile group says 44 died .  the exiles have had tense ties with iraq 's new government and faced previous attacks .  u.n. calls on iraqi authorities to ensure the safety of the camp 's resident .
 comedian fred travalena dies of cancer <sec> travalena known as `` the man of a thousand faces '' .  comedian had battled non-hodgkin 's lymphoma and prostate cancer .  travalena was a regular on the `` tonight show .
 antidepressant use in pregnancy can affect newborn <sec> danish study finds babies whose mothers took antidepressants were born earlier .  babies of mothers who took ssris were 2.4 times likely to be in intensive care .  it 's unclear whether differences seen at birth will have lasting effects on chil .
 brazil fears floods death toll may rise <sec> four days of flooding in brazil has left 33 people dead and thousands homeless .  flooding has mainly affected northeastern states of pernambuco and alagoas .  state weather officials are forecasting more rain on tuesda .
 officials : wave of violence hits iraq , leaves 6 dead , 20 wounded <sec> a bomb blast at a coffee shop north of baghdad kills one , wounds nine , police say .  an anti-government demonstration organizer is gunned down in haditha , police say .  roadside bomb blasts in baghdad killed three , wound six , police sa .
 burberry 's new face : romeo trends it like beckham <sec> david beckham 's son romeo , 10 , stars in burberry 's 2013 spring campaign .  burberry is looking to china as it continues to upgrade its brand , writes boulden .  like mini or jaguar , burberry has sought to reinvent itself while retaining a distinctly british imag .
 drug dog busts snoop dogg 's bus <sec> snoop dogg admits prescription bottles with marijuana were his , texas sheriff says .  the rapper faces a charge of possession of drug paraphernalia .  the hudspeth county , texas , sheriff frees snoop dogg , giving him a january 20 court date .  willie nelson paid a $ 500 fine last year for a similar charge in the same texas tow .
 vincent cassel : playing france 's tough guys <sec> in his latest role vincent cassel plays a famous french gangster .  for his part in `` mesrine '' cassel gained nearly 20 kilos .  the actor has made his name playing screen tough guys .  he has a daughter with the italian actress and ex-model monica belluc .
 10 ways to enjoy doing nothing <sec> writer tom hodgkinson learned to embrace doing nothing .  the first step to being idle is to banish the guilt associated with not being busy .  hodgkinson also recommends playing the ukulele and pretending to meditate .  choose the right role models , like walt whitman , to help you enjoy being idl .
 how to be a brisbane local : 11 tips for faking it <sec> australia 's third-largest city , brisbane has a local culture all its own .  picnics are a primary form of social bonding .  the city has its own lingo and celebrities known as `` can do '' and `` the king '' .  `` fourex '' does n't mean `` forex '' here . .  read on to find out what it refers t .
 opinion : make sure fracking is done right <sec> u.s. energy production has surged , largely due to fracking for natural gas .  michael levi says energy boom increases u.s. security , boosts the economy .  fracking can be done safely , but rules must be in place to regulate it , he say .
 obama awards medal of honor posthumously to vietnam hero <sec> widow pays tribute to others also killed in battle .  president barack obama presents the medal of honor to a gi 's widow .  spc . .  leslie sabo jr. was married for one month before shipping out to vietnam .  sabo died in a firefight in which he shielded his mates from a grenad .
 a blogger 's inauguration <sec> inauguration set blogosphere alive with comments .  from facebook to twitter , everyone wanted to have their say online .  obama 's speech , michelle 's outfit and rick warren 's prayer proved popular theme .
 obama , republicans clash on forced spending cuts <sec> new : gop leaders say obama can avoid the worst cuts .  president obama says republican ideas lack any contribution by the wealthy .  house republicans oppose any new revenue as a replacement for forced spending cuts .  federal workers could face furloughs in april without an agreemen .
 i 'm still waiting for ashton kutcher 's apology <sec> kutcher played indian movie producer in ad for popchips .  kutcher 's twitter and facebook accounts still link to video .  he is popchips ' `` president of pop '' .  liu points to history of racist minstrel show .
 what 's cooking at the white house ? chef samuelsson knows ... <sec> samuelsson was adopted at the age of three .  he cooked for president barack obama 's first white house state dinner .  he has won three james beard award .
 cnn student news transcript : summer show - july 14 , 2011 <sec> cnn student news is producing special , web-only shows all summer long .  consider some career advice from a professional recruiter 's perspective .  get some tips from cnn professionals on jump starting your caree .
 chinese man sentenced to death for holding women in sex dungeon <sec> state media : li hao dug a dungeon in his basement to hold six women as sex slaves .  he is sentenced to death for murder , rape , kidnapping and prostitution .  three of the women are also found guilty of killing two fellow captives .  they acted under instruction from li , the court rule .
 scientists plan to take giant device on 3,200-mile trip <sec> the 50-foot-wide , 15-ton magnet is now at a lab on long island .  it needs to get to a lab near chicago , where it will help measure subatomic particles .  the barge-and-truck trip will go down the east coast , around florida and up from the gulf .  the trip is scheduled to begin saturda .
 300 migrants feared dead in mediterranean sea <sec> about 300 migrants left libya on saturday in two rubber boats .  historically , many migrants have been trafficked on overcrowded , inadequate boat .
 what will happen to former nfl player 's brain ? <sec> david duerson , former nfl player , shot himself in the chest last week .  duerson requested that his brain be donated to test for disease .  nfl has joined fight against chronic traumatic encephalopathy .  scientists at boston university will study his brain tissu .
 spike lee explains expletive-filled gentrification rant <sec> filmmaker spike lee rips into questioner during speech .  lee riled about new york gentrification and hipsters .  urban policy professor asks : does lee want new york to be detroit ? .  d.k . .  smith , the questioner , says `` what i wanted to do was expand the dialogue .
 u.s. imams arrested for alleged pakistani taliban links <sec> officials say case is not linked to killing of osama bin laden .  hafiz khan and two sons arrested .  his daughter , grandson and one other person are wanted .  they are charged with providing support to a terrorist organizatio .
 koreas to hold talks this weekend on reopening kaesong complex <sec> talks set to be held at building on north korean side of neutral border village .  joint industrial complex at kaesong closed in may amid increasing tensions .  some $ 2 billion worth of goods have been produced in kaesong since operations began in 200 .
 shevchenko trades football for politics <sec> former ac milan and chelsea striker andriy shevchenko retires from football .  the forward has joined the political party `` ukraine - forward ! '' .  shevchenko hopes to `` share the experience i gained in europe '' .  world boxing champion vitali klitschko has already founded a political part .
 10 embarrassing fast food fails <sec> a customer posted a youtube video of a racist rant by papa john 's pizza delivery man .  do you remember the domino 's employee who stuck cheese up his nose ? .  follow cnn living on facebook and twitte .
 greek island fights fires , drop in tourism <sec> substantial fire causes widespread evacuation on the island of chios .  the island is also dealing with a drop in tourism due to country 's financial crisis .  chios is off the coast of turkey in the eastern part of the aegean se .
 mexican navy uncovers drugs inside frozen sharks <sec> 870 packages of cocaine weighing almost a ton found inside sharks , navy says .  discovery made at southeastern port of progreso in the yucatan state .  inspectors detected anomaly in two shipping containers during a routine x-ra .
 mediation ordered in seaworld death video case <sec> trainer dawn brancheau 's death was caught on tape at seaworld orlando .  a temporary injunction against release of the footage was granted last week .  brancheau 's family has sued to keep the tape from ever going publi .
 the spirit of diplomacy : the envoy who spoke out <sec> craig murray gained notoriety by openly criticizing the country where he was stationed .  the former british diplomat hit out at uzbekistan 's human rights record .  murray cited grandchildren tortured in front of grandfather ; man `` boiled alive '' .  human rights watch has slammed the use of torture in uzbekistan as `` endemic .
 king 's birthday lifts mood after thai floods <sec> thai king 's 84th birthday sparks a week of celebrations .  country has been suffering from devastating flooding .  king bhumibol adulyadej 's wields moral authority but not political power .  laws banning criticism of the monarchy are controversial especially after a texter was last week jailed for 20 year .
 cdc boss : anthrax incident 'never should have happened ' <sec> cdc director tom frieden testifies before congress about anthrax incident .  cdc needs to change its safety culture , congresswoman says .  frieden has closed the labs that were involved in the incident .
 man serving life in 1957 cold case appeals murder conviction <sec> man appeals murder , kidnapping convictions in country 's oldest cold case ever solved .  jack mccullough was sentenced to life in 2012 for 1957 death of neighbor 's child .  appeal challenges rulings that allowed dead mother 's accusation but blocked alibi .  brief cites many of the issues raised by legal experts in cnn 's `` taken '' serie .
 palin talks reaganomics , family , moose <sec> sarah palin speaks before about 1,000 investors at conference in hong kong .  speech by ex-gop vice president candidate billed as first outside north america .  palin touched on china and human rights , tibet , asian , u.s. economies , family .  bill clinton , al gore have been previous speakers at investors ' conferenc .
 brittany maynard 's mourners take to social media <sec> brittany maynard , a death-with-dignity advocate , took her own life saturday .  people mourning maynard filled social media with expressions of grief .  a woman with a similar brain cancer writes that she 'd never consider suicide .  reddit poster says assisted suicide critics display `` ignorance of science and medicine .
 sudanese lawyer calls woman 's flogging punishment 'degrading ' <sec> lubna al-hussein , 18 others recently arrested for wearing indecent clothes .  al-hussein was told her pants were too tight , her blouse too sheer .  al-hussein faces 40 lashes in publi .
 furnishings from michael jackson 's last house on sale <sec> auction includes a chalkboard love note from jackson 's children .  the bed he died in will not be sold at jackson 's mother 's request .  the rug on which paramedics tried to revive jackson is on the auction list .  julien 's will auction more than 500 items from 100 north carolwood drive on saturda .
 cnn student news transcript : september 15 , 2010 <sec> hear what president obama said in his speech to students .  find out how the coriolis effect impacts hurricane winds .  journey into the ocean to learn about newly-discovered species .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 germany 's schaeuble visits greece after vote on new austerity measures <sec> new : security is high during wolfgang schaeuble 's visit , but opposition party calls for a rally .  schaeuble is meeting with greece 's prime minister and finance minister .  parliament oks measures to pave the way for 4,000 civil servants to lose their jobs .  another 25,000 public sector workers are under threat of losing their jobs under the bil .
 maintaining a royal household costs a princely sum <sec> clarence house releases its annual review of royal household costs .  expenses of catherine , duchess of cambridge , are `` quite minimal '' .  an anti-monarchy group says it is time to bring `` royal spending under proper control '' .  clarence house calls the royal family a `` fantastic value '' for all the work they d .
 colorado school shooting : 'this is not a drill ' <sec> the shooting at arapahoe high school in centennial began just after 12:30 p.m . .  janitor fabian llerenas saw a student armed with a shotgun , running military-style .  `` we were shaking . .  we were crying , '' 9th-grader whitney riley said .  eric waugh and his classmate thought initially it was an explosion in a chemistry clas .
 rocket kills 2 children after gaza border reopens <sec> new : militants ' rocket hits gaza house , killing palestinian cousins .  new : military says it allowed wounded palestinian into israel despite blockade .  trucks filled with commodities cross into gaza at three locations .  militants have fired 110 rockets since wednesday , israel say .
 islamic militants among prisoners freed from libyan jail <sec> `` this is potentially a very dangerous development , '' a former libyan jihadist tells cnn .  moammar gadhafi 's regime imprisoned thousands of suspected pro-al qaeda militants .  the former jihadist says the prisoners embrace a puritanical interpretation of isla .
 commentary : my life as a 'mighty hermaphrodite ' <sec> intersex writer hida viloria shares her experience of growing up intersex .  viloria : i found out at age of 26 i was intersex , i think i 'm a different kind of woman .  viloria : since then , i 've been outing myself as intersex just to let folks know we exis .
 former finland leader wins nobel peace prize <sec> committee cited ahtisaari 's `` significant '' part in namibia 's independence .  worked with others this year to find a peaceful solution in iraq .  helped broker a deal in troubled indonesian province of aceh in 2005 .  ahtisaari left office in march 200 .
 islamist militants attack base in nigeria <sec> boko haram militants attacked an air base in maiduguri early monday .  the nigerian government issued at 24 hours curfew forcing people to stay inside .  the region in northeastern nigeria has been under a state of emergency since ma .
 why it took obama so long to address critics over isis <sec> obama addresses his `` we do n't have a strategy yet '' to defeat isis five days later .  obama said he wants to `` clear what our objectives are '' and to make `` the case '' to americans .  one expert said his delayed response is characteristic of his approach to foreign policy : slo .
 karadzic arrest 'like catching bin laden ' <sec> `` karadzic 's arrest is the equivalent of catching europe 's osama bin laden '' .  former u.s. peace broker in bosnia says arrest is an `` historic day '' .  `` major breakthrough for the balkans , '' former international administrator say .
 tips have yet to pan out in search for washington toddler <sec> new : the missing boy 's father takes polygraphs and is `` ready to assist '' authorities .  new : his lawyer says the father had not seen his two children since december .  bellevue , washington , police receive 900 tips , but nothing `` actionable '' .  sky metalwala disappeared 9 days ago in suburban seattl .
 anger , emotion in milan amid kaka rumors <sec> milan fans express anger over kaka 's rumored $ 150m move to manchester city .  fans wave banknotes at club officials , display `` hands off kaka '' banners .  brazilian waved to fans , beat chest with fist , at start and end of match .  milan have admitted 26-year-old could leave club in a world record dea .
 more women in combat means more mothers with ptsd <sec> staff sgt . .  june moss was diagnosed with ptsd after serving in the iraq war .  as more women see combat , more female vets are suffering from ptsd .  treatment helps , but moss worries about slipping back into depression .  today , moss has gotten over her fear of crowd .
 carter : cholera- , inflation-ridden zimbabwe 'a basket case ' <sec> opposition 's morgan tsvangirai asks thabo mbeki to recuse himself as mediator .  jimmy carter reports children still attending school do so in hopes of being fed .  carter : zimbabweans line up daily for 2-cent allowance from own bank accounts .  cholera crisis seeping from zimbabwe borders , may require intervention , he say .
