 supreme court denies stay of execution for inmate herbert smulls <sec> smulls was sentenced to death for killing a jewelry store owner .  defense : state should disclose pharmacy providing the injection dru .
 westboro baptist church says it will picket elizabeth edwards ' funeral <sec> members of the westboro baptist church announce they will picket elizabeth edwards ' funeral .  the kansas-based church is known for its radical stance against minorities .  edwards died tuesday after a six-year battle with breast cance .
 snowed in ? here 's how to beat the winter blues <sec> yet more snow heading to northeast united states this weekend .  many are tired of it , but some are sad . .  here are suggestions to help cheer u .
 opinion : why raise minimum wage ? <sec> oxfam study : minimum wage hike would help people in every congressional district .  raymond offenheiser says it would benefit 55,000+ workers in average congressional district .  it would help economy , get people off assistance , he says -- so why the partisan stalling ? .  writer : congress hiked minimum wage 22 times before ; it must now as a boon to americ .
 letter from the editor : election night was about the facts <sec> mark whitaker : cnn made the choice to focus on reporting for election night coverage .  he says the public wanted to know the facts , rather than dwell on opinion .  whitaker : election raises key questions , worthy of more reporting , about politics , demographics .  he asks : can the parties work together on jobs , the deficit , immigration , the environment .
 stores in 15 states could have received tainted beef <sec> 1.8 million pounds of beef recalled for e. coli risk .  recalled cases were from wolverine packing co . .  stores in 15 states may have received contaminated beef .  there are reports of 11 people across four states getting sic .
 sullivan regains 50m freestyle record <sec> eamon sullivan regains the 50-meter world freestyle record in sydney .  sullivan sets the new mark of 21.41 seconds in the australian olympic trials .  frenchman alain bernard recorded a time of 21.50 seconds four days earlie .
 king children sue brother , father 's estate <sec> bernice king , martin luther king iii name dexter king , father 's estate as defendants .  suit also says defendants wrongfully took money from coretta scott king estate .  suit alleges defendants `` converted substantial funds '' for their own use .  the suit was filed in fulton county superior court in atlanta , georgi .
 top u.s. travel destinations for 2013 <sec> louisville , kentucky came out on top for more than horses and bourbon .  alaska 's northern lights will be especially spectacular next year .  glacier national park 's glaciers might not be around for much longer .  fresh , local cuisine is the name of the game on the san juan islands in washington stat .
 activists : new philippines law gags netizens <sec> a new tough law on cybercime came into effect wednesday in the philippines .  comes despite protests among netizens , journalists and free speech activists .  the philippines has been ranked the most `` free '' internet nation in asia .  critics of the law are against provisions that criminalize libe .
 republican brown sworn in as new u.s. senator from massachusetts <sec> new : newly sworn-in senator stresses opposition to president obama 's fiscal policies .  new : brown noncommittal on prospect of filibustering over some obama nominees .  scott brown is sworn into office thursday , becoming crucial 41st gop vote .  brown won a special election to fill the remainder of the late sen. ted kennedy 's ter .
 killer ex-cop gets 57 to life after jury spares him <sec> new : judge gives bobby cutts jr. the maximum life sentence .  jury recommended life , with no parole eligibility for 30 years .  cutts jr. convicted of murdering girlfriend , unborn child .  he apologized for killings and asked jurors to spare his lif .
 lawsuit seeks to take 'so help me god ' out of inaugural <sec> atheists want references to religion removed from inaugural ceremony .  groups object to `` so help me god '' at end of oath , benediction by pastor .  `` i have no doubt i 'll lose , '' says california lawyer who filed lawsui .
 samoan islands shaken by second quake <sec> latest death toll from tuesday 's quake , tsunami stands at 139 .  second quake -- magnitude 5.5 -- shook samoan islands region wednesday .  quake does not trigger a tsunami warning , pacific tsunami warning center says .  huge rescue effort under way in samoan islands amid fears death toll could ris .
 bloomberg 's visionary move against obesity <sec> new york mayor michael bloomberg being criticized for his stance on soda .  david frum says the mayor should be applauded for trying to tackle obesity issue .  he says the proposed ban on supersized soda is aimed at sellers , not at buyers ' liberties .  frum : there is little doubt about the serious health effects of sugary sod .
 bruno mars explains that smile in his mugshot <sec> bruno mars covers gq 's april spring bible issue .  he talks about why he smiled in his 2010 mugshot .  the singer also discusses his intent behind songwritin .
 boko haram blamed for nigeira attacks ; 15 killed , chief kidnapped <sec> attackers kill 15 people in borno state , abduct village chief in yobe state , residents say .  in borno state in april , boko haram abducted nearly 300 schoolgirls , who remain missing .  the islamist militant group has terrorized nigeria 's northeastern borno state in recent year .
 baghdad to remove blast walls around neighborhoods <sec> walls will be removed from main roads , side streets within 40 days , statement says .  the massive concrete barriers about 10 feet tall went up after u.s. invasion .  order does not cover green zone , military installations , government institutions .  the walls helped u.s. troops , iraqi forces manage security within the .
 let 's talk about sex ... and cancer <sec> there are 13.7 million cancer survivors living in the united states .  survivors face many debilitating long-term effects , including on their sexuality .  radiation , chemotherapy , hormone therapy and surgery can affect sexual function .  survivors also experience emotional issues such as low self-confidence , depressio .
 women 's tennis association inks $ 525 million media deal <sec> wta announces 10-year media deal worth $ 525 million .  agreement with media organization perform .  deal designed to promote women 's game across different media channel .
 anti-science and anti-contraception <sec> laura stepp : conservatives are choosing to ignore science .  stepp : some myths : contraception causes abortion and prostate cancer .  they reject scientific contradictions of their religious teachings , she says .  stepp : opposition to birth control is a losing battle as new generation grows u .
 schoolkid 's pizza plan for euro rescue earns wolfson plaudits <sec> 11-year-old jurre hermans comes up with a plan to solve the eurozone crisis .  the plan involves greeks exchanging their euro for drachma .  boy : creditors to the greek government get a slice of pizza .  but jurre would rather be a zoo director than an economis .
 lionel messi double puts barcelona top in three-way la liga title race <sec> barcelona beat sevilla 4-1 in la liga .  two goals from lionel messi .  barcelona top on goal difference from real madrid and atletico madrid .  juventus held 2-2 at verona but maintain nine point lead in serie .
 same-sex couples wed in alabama <sec> governor slams ruling but says , `` we will follow the rule of law in alabama '' .  some counties defy state supreme court chief justice ; others follow his order .  state chief justice tells probate courts to ignore federal rulings allowing marriag .
 by the numbers : whitney houston 's life and prolific career <sec> whitney houston sold more than 170 million albums , singles and videos .  she won at least 411 awards , including 6 grammy honors .  the mother of one daughter , she was 48 when she die .
 dozens of kenyans killed in dawn raid <sec> red cross : clashes between pokomo and orma tribes leave 32 dead .  both sides have fought for years over grazing rights and water .  attackers used various weapons , including guns and arrow .
 inside politics : is brewer part of a gop evolution ? <sec> arizona governor 's hard line on immigration hurt gop 's chances of winning white house .  gov . .  jan brewer 's veto of anti-gay bill was applauded for adapting to changing times .  but praise from the left wo n't help conservatives accept unpopular decisio .
 8 indian soldiers killed in gunfight with militants in kashmir <sec> militants storm indian army camp in indian-controlled kashmir .  firefight comes two days before indian prime minister narendra modi 's visit .  modi 's hindu nationalist party is fielding candidates in the muslim-majority kashmir .  another militant attack last week claimed 12 live .
 why occupy may day fizzled <sec> amitai etzioni says occupy wall street 's may day protests made little splash .  he says general strike sometimes effective in history . .  but occupy 's goals too vague .  he says it 's no focused tea party , which has affected policy , helped elect officials .  etzioni : occupy has contributed a slogan , but where 's its real influence on policy .
 will your privacy be compromised online ? <sec> cybercriminals have data on many people but can use it only against a finite number .  most businesses do n't really need your social security number .  privacy policies reveal whether a company will share your information with other .
 the secret to 'x-men 's ' success <sec> `` x-men : first class '' is the fifth `` x-men '' franchise film .  the `` x-men '' comics have sold consistently well for more than 30 years .  writer chris claremont and fans talk about what makes the characters specia .
 commercial jet skids off runway in nepal <sec> a turkish airlines jet carrying 224 people skids upon landing in kathmandu .  pictures show passengers using slides to get off the airbus a330 amid heavy fog .  international flights are called off because there 's no way to move the commercial jetline .
 isis threatens to kill 2 japanese hostages <sec> a video shows a masked man standing over two kneeling men in orange jumpsuits .  he links the threat against the men to japan 's support for the coalition against isis .  japan 's prime minister says he 's angry about the `` unacceptable '' hostage situatio .
 under-fire ferguson brings president obama into referee debate <sec> alex ferguson defends himself after fierce criticism from newcastle manager alan pardew .  manchester united manager says only person not to have a view on saga is u.s. president .  the scot hits out at pardew and calls newcastle a `` wee club in the north east '' .  ferguson will not face any punishment for his behavior during 4-3 win over newcastl .
 what you need to know about syria today <sec> new : state media reports 27 civilians are killed in a car bombing in aleppo .  an opposition group says a barrel bomb flattens a residential block in that city .  at least 160 people are killed across syria on sunday , an opposition group says .  a u.n. envoy will meet officials in cairo , then head to syria , egyptian media report .
 egypt 's president condemns deadly attack in sinai <sec> new : 16 egyptian soldiers were killed and seven were wounded sunday in the attack .  new : muslim brotherhood blames israel for the attack .  new : egyptian military says revenge will be swift .  israel blames members of the group global jihad for the violenc .
 erykah badu faces misdemeanor charge for nude walk <sec> citation of misdemeanor disorderly conduct has been mailed to erykah badu .  the singer shed her clothes as she walked through dealey plaza in dallas , texas .  badu was filming a music video in the march 17 incident .  if convicted , badu could be fined $ 500 , police sai .
 surviving the nairobi mall massacre : 'just lucky ' <sec> ben mulwa saw four gunmen wearing checked head scarves open fire .  he says the faces of the gunmen were not covered .  mulwa says he heard the gunmen , but could not understand them .  bendita malakia says she could hear gunmen going store to stor .
 california plant recalls 1 million pounds of pistachio products <sec> the pistachios , mostly sold to wholesalers , came from setton farms in california .  kraft is one of three dozen companies to purchase pistachios from setton farms .  no illnesses have been linked to this case so far .  setton farms is the second-largest pistachio processor in the natio .
 learning at the new lego school <sec> the lego foundation -- the charitable arm of the lego group -- has opened a school in denmark .  the school aims to deliver the traditional curriculum required by the danish government with play-centric teaching .  the lego foundation is looking to collaborate with the school to learn more about child developmen .
 the 'with tears in my eyes ' e-mail <sec> bob greene gets an urgent e-mail from an old friend writing , `` with tears in my eyes ... `` .  the desperate plea for money turns out to be an e-mail scam .  greene says malware placed on computers when a user clicks on a link can capture keystrokes .  thieves take over e-mail accounts and seek money from contacts in the address boo .
 explosion kills 10 at plastics factory in eastern china <sec> new : the death toll rises in a factory explosion .  new : more than 120 people are hospitalized , 14 are critically injured .  new : xinhua reports police are holding a worker for investigatio .
 south africa 's zuma pledges focus on economy in second inauguration <sec> south african president jacob zuma vows his government will perform better this time .  zuma 's party , the african national congress , won 62 % of vote -- lower than before .  anc still enjoys widespread support after governing 20 year .
 cape verde and ethiopia shake up africa cup of nations <sec> cameroon fail to qualify for second successive africa cup of nations .  samuel eto'o 's team suffer a 3-2 aggregate defeat to cape verde .  ethiopia reach can for the first time in 30 years after beating sudan .  angola , algeria , burkina faso , togo , niger and equatorial guinea also qualif .
 zenit st petersburg spend big to sign hulk and witsel <sec> russian club zenit sign brazilian striker hulk and belgian midfielder alex witsel .  zenit 's transfer dealings make them third biggest spending club in europe behind chelsea and psg .  zenit will play malaga , ac milan and anderlecht in their champions league group .  fenerbahce have completed the â£8m signing of raul meireles from chelse .
 phelps claims third gold as cielo doubles up in 50m free <sec> michael phelps takes his third gold of the world swimming championships .  phelps wins 100m butterfly but says he is short of peak fitness .  u.s. superstar phelps has a record 25 world titles .  brazil 's cesar cielo wins 50m free for his second gold in shangha .
 epl clear owen to play for stoke city ; del piero joins australian team <sec> english premier league approve transfer of michael owen to stoke city .  the 32-year-old free agent signed on tuesday after last friday 's transfer deadline .  he has a one-year contract and will be paid according to number of appearances .  former italy striker alessandro del piero confirms his move to sydney f .
 call to police : 'i 'm not going to kill anybody else ' <sec> omar thornton called state police after the shootings .  dispatchers tried to find information about his location .  thornton said the workplace was a `` racist place '' .  the company denies thornton ever filed racial complain .
 chile miner 's wife gives birth to 'hope ' <sec> daughter was to have been named carolina , but plan changed after cave-in .  miners have been trapped 40 days .  segovia discovers a day before mine collapse that girl was expected .  days later she saw her husband on a video the miners sho .
 safety officials wary of growing use of trains to ship oil <sec> joint u.s./canadian recommendation aims to prevent accidents .  they were prompted by a derailment that killed 47 people in lac-megantic , quebec .  an increase in oil shipments in canada and the u.s. and across the border raising concer .
 q & a ; : what does the future hold for afghanistan ? <sec> the united states plans to pull all combat troops from afghanistan by 2014 .  cnn 's erin burnett is in afghanistan to get a sense of how the transition is going .  there is still much work to be done , she said , with regards to training and a post-2014 plan .  some afghans are optimistic about the change ; others are fearful of civil wa .
 ray rice wins suspension appeal <sec> rice 's wife tells nbc she was angry but knew she would stay with the player .  rice says he made `` inexcusable mistake '' .  judge writes that rice should n't have had suspension increased because he did n't lie to nfl .  nfl says it respects decision by third-party arbitrato .
 hong kong movies refocus to mainland <sec> hong kong film production has dropped almost 75 percent since early 1990s .  mainland investment and market influences quality of hong kong films .  problems include few opportunities for new talents and little audience suppor .
 senior senators slam 'zero dark thirty ' torture scenes <sec> sens . .  feinstein , mccain , levin send letter calling new film `` grossly inaccurate '' .  letter adds to controversy over depiction of torture as a key to finding bin laden , bergen says .  senate committee has approved 6,000-page classified report on cia interrogations program .  bergen says as much as possible of that report should be released to the publi .
 congo rebel leader wants to merge his troops with army <sec> rebel leader laurent nkunda wants to meld his forces with army , mediator reports .  talks progressing between democratic republic of congo and nkunda .  recent fighting spurs u.n. to approve sending more than 3,000 troops to nation .  goal is to relieve humanitarian crisis resulting from fighting in north kivu provinc .
 zardari defends cease-fire in volatile pakistan region <sec> deal brokered in february between taliban and leaders of swat valley .  central government has long exerted little control in the area .  zardari : `` the clerics with whom we have engaged are not taliban '' .  `` it is their responsibility to rein in and neutralize taliban , '' he sai .
 police chiefs warn of arizona immigration law problems <sec> new : aide says holder thinks police chiefs raised important points about arizona law .  police chiefs tell ag eric holder that arizona 's new statute could harm law enforcement efforts .  the chiefs say the law could make immigrants more reluctant to work with local police .  law enforcement officials who back arizona 's law are n't included in the meetin .
 syria is a '10-year issue , ' top general says <sec> syria is a regional conflict where causes `` will persist for 10 years , '' dempsey says .  `` we need to understand what the peace will look like before we start the war '' .  washington is weighing whether to arm syrian rebels .  the administration is `` going forward with a debate while events transpire , '' mccain say .
 threats from al qaeda in yemen rose recently , u.s. officials say <sec> `` there is an increased threat stream , '' says one senior u.s. official .  at least 65 suspected al qaeda members were killed in a yemeni-u.s. joint operation .  yemeni authorities are on high alert , expecting `` imminent retaliatory attacks , '' an official say .
 obama should push bankruptcy relief for student loans <sec> the interest rate on student loans will soon double unless congress acts .  anya kamenetz says obama showed concern over student debt during visits to colleges .  but proposed relief measures do n't go far enough ; bankruptcy relief is needed , she says .  kamenetz : bankruptcy relief is fair , a first step to more functional education marke .
 teen strip-searched in school wins partial victory <sec> savana redding was 13 when administrators suspected she was carrying drugs .  no medication was found , and she later sued .  justices : search was unreasonable , but individual school officials ca n't be sued .  redding , now 19 , has said she has never gotten over her experienc .
 10 books to read after a break-up <sec> a sex and relationships editor reveals her favorite books for broken hearts .  reading is one way to keep yourself busy after a split .  unlikely sources like edith wharton to monica lewinsky can soothe a break-u .
 amateur golfer , 64 , completes record-breaking 600th round of 2010 <sec> richard lewis listed as `` world 's most avid golfer '' by guinness world records .  texan has played up to 54 holes in a day this year on his way to world record .  the 64-year-old aims to complete 611 rounds by the end of 2010 at four seasons resort .  members of his club paid to accompany lewis on record-breaking 600th round on sunda .
 cnn student news - march 9 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
