 tunisians get ready for first election of arab spring <sec> the arab spring began in tunisia last winter .  secularists and islamists are vying for seats .  one islamist leader says , `` get to know us .
 thousands in argentina protest crime <sec> buenos aires rally is largest of various anti-crime protests across argentina .  at least three police officers killed in recent weeks .  argentina 's president has faced criticism for not doing enough to combat crim .
 etta james hospitalized with blood infection <sec> etta james ' son says she was admitted to a hospital on monday .  a urinary tract infection she was suffering from led to sepsi .
 3 siblings caught after chase face dozens of charges in colorado <sec> a sister and two brothers face 29 , 24 and 23 charges respectively in a colorado court .  they are also charged in another colorado county and are wanted in florida and georgia .  police say they shot at officers with an ak-47 during a high-speed chase this mont .
 retire , phelps , and live your life <sec> jeff pearlman : michael phelps should stick to his plan , forget rio in 2016 and retire .  he says sports history is lousy with icons who did n't quit when they should have and fell short .  he says main reason to ignore advice to keep competing is that phelps should begin to live life .  pearlman : olympics is great moment in time , but it ca n't las .
 report : l.a. police may have been targeted in shooting <sec> plainclothes officers were wounded by gunfire .  la times : police believe they were targeted .  lapd pio : `` this can not be called targeting .
 police : suspected robber fleeing scene in car kills woman , 3 kids <sec> donta cradock , 18 , allegedly fled scene of motorcycle robbery in silver pontiac .  police chase ends when car hits home , killing latoya smith , 3 kids .  `` he struck with such force that it knocked the concrete steps loose , '' police say .  cradock and accomplice face motorcycle theft charges ; others pendin .
 report : israel freezes palestinians ' tax revenues <sec> israel halts $ 127 million in tax revenues due to palestinians , media report says .  the freeze comes after palestinian authority seeks to join intl . .  criminal court .  `` they are following our legal step with an illegal one , '' plo spokesman say .
 # thanksmichelleobama : students criticize school lunches <sec> sarcastic tweets blame michelle obama for unappetizing school meals .  students share images of meals tagged # thanksmichelleobama .  critics say students should direct complaints at local districts .  `` it might seem ungrateful if i got this lunch for free . .  but i do n't , '' students say .
 cruise ship back in u.s. after 435 get sick <sec> celebrity cruises ' ship mercury returns to charleston , south carolina .  gastrointestinal illness hits 435 of 1,838 passengers .  norovirus -- which can spread via contact with food , drink , objects -- is culprit , cdc say .
 sarah silverman to guest star on 'the league ' <sec> sarah silverman and jeff goldblum join a thanksgiving episode .  silverman playing andre 's ( paul scheer ) sister .  jeff goldblum as ruxin 's ( nick kroll ) fathe .
 court : pussy riot appeal hearing to continue next week <sec> new : the hearing will continue october 10 .  the three women were convicted in august to two years in prison .  the sentence is linked to their performance of a song critical of president vladimir putin .  their song was in one of moscow 's grandest cathedral .
 alleged mumbai mastermind ordered released by pakistani court <sec> the terror attacks in india left more than 160 people dead .  a court granted the suspect bail last yea .
 tony dorsett , former dallas cowboys star , struggles with memory loss <sec> tony dorsett was a finesse running back who for 11 years often made opponents miss .  at 59 he has been told he has a brain disease usually diagnosed in dead players .  one neurosurgeon said there are different causes for memory loss , so more study is needed .  dorsett says he is becoming a less outgoing person who has trouble remembering direction .
 eiffel tower to reopen thursday following strike <sec> the eiffel tower has been closed for past two days due to a workers strike .  tower is scheduled to resume normal operations on thursday .  union claims that one of the tower 's lifts still has n't been renovated , leading to longer lines and impatient visitor .
 nuevo laredo police chief gunned down , mexican authorities say <sec> gen. manuel farfan was killed in nuevo laredo , mexico .  he had served as neuvo laredo 's for a little over one month .  officials released few details about the shootin .
 five indian cricketers suspended after tv sting <sec> tv sting purportedly shows five players discussing payments to bowl no-balls .  t.p . .  sudhindra , amit yadav , shalabh srivastav , abhinav bali and mohnish mishra suspended .  three pakistan players were jailed in the uk last year for their part in a spot-fixing scanda .
 what your car says about you <sec> the model of car you drive may be telling people all about you .  prius drivers : college educated , want to be part of the `` green club '' .  corvette : an `` affordable giant-killer '' for men in midlife crisis .  smart fortwo : `` experimenters with a sense of humor '' who sprint away from stop .
 norway survivors return to scene of island rampage <sec> new : more than 1,000 people are expected at utoya island on saturday , state media say .  hundreds of young people were at a political summer camp when the gunman struck .  anders breivik is accused of the gun rampage and a bomb attack in the capital on the same day .  the twin attacks on july 22 claimed the lives of 77 people , many of them yout .
 for obama , boehner , how about cigarette summit ? <sec> president obama and new republican congressional leaders meet this week .  they 'll meet as bitter rivals ; such meetings were n't always this way , john avlon says .  politicians once could disagree by day , negotiate over friendly dinners by night , avlon says .  avlon : obama , john boehner should sit down with a cigarette and find common groun .
 how to deal with guns in school <sec> nationwide , many students bring weapons to school , says ron avi astor .  metal detectors and security are an insufficient deterrent , he says .  it 's tough to learn or feel cared for in a prison-like setting , says astor .  astor : to prevent student-instigated violence , schools need a caring communit .
 police : teen hid gun in school ceiling , planned 'harm ' <sec> teen planned to `` do harm '' at school outside atlanta , georgia , tipster said .  police find gun in bathroom ceiling , arrest 17- and 15-year-old .  other weapons , marijuana found at teen 's hom .
 tennis great connors arrested and released <sec> tennis star jimmy connors arrested after row at basketball game , report ap .  connors , 56 , was held outside the campus arena in santa barbara , california .  a santa barbara county jail employee said connors was booked and release .
 russia postpones new manned space station mission <sec> new : a nasa official says the space station may have to be de-manned .  the mission originally planned for september 22 will occur weeks later .  the announcement follows last week 's loss of a russian supply vesse .
 opinion : take my money , but not my privacy <sec> david wheeler : when i go online , data from my private messages are sold to advertiser .  wheeler : we get facebook for free , but the price we pay is our privacy .  he says embarrassing and out-of-context web ads are affecting nearly everyone .  wheeler : i would rather pay facebook a fee in order to keep my personal data privat .
 syrian rebels want foreign fighters gone <sec> the free syrian army wants to be rid of foreign fighters .  they arrested about 200 fighters belonging to an al-qaeda backed group .  rights groups say isis responsible for executing 3 .
 france to pay for breast implant removal over cancer fear <sec> the french health ministry is concerned over a possible cancer link .  about 30,000 french women have implants made by pip .  pip implants are not approved for use in the united states .  british officials advise women concerned about implants to talk to their docto .
 charges filed as farm quarantines grow in german tainted egg scandal <sec> a government spokesman says a company knew its fatty acid was contaminated with dioxin .  police have raided the company 's offices .  more than 4,700 german poultry and pig farms are quarantined .  dioxins are classified by the epa as likely human carcinogen .
 bus crash kills 4 in northern new york <sec> new : five people are still in the hospital ; one is in critical condition .  new : flashing yellow lights warn motorists of the bridge .  the megabus was on its way to toronto .  it was off route , but the company did not say wh .
 obama : candidate vs. president <sec> as a candidate , obama campaigned on a message of hope and change .  `` nobody will ever be able to accuse him of being an idle man , '' historian says .  gop strategist says obama not acting like the centrist he was during the campaign .  obama 's agenda represents a challenge to gop principles , analyst say .
 fight for future of afghanistan 's culture plays out on tv <sec> `` afghan star '' is afghanistan 's version of `` american idol '' .  the show , one of afghanistan 's most popular , has completed its fourth season .  `` koran star '' judges contestants ' knowledge of islam 's holy book .  many see tv programming as a culture war inside the countr .
 north korea : 'we were forced to eat grass and soil ' <sec> report by the united nations commission of inquiry released monday .  testimony by north koreans refugees presents bleak portrait of human rights in regime .  witnesses tell of inhuman treatment , arbitrary detention , abuse and starvation .  pyongyang has refused to participate in the investigation , condemning it as a `` charade .
 2015 rock and roll hall of fame presenters set to rock cleveland <sec> the rock and roll hall of fame announces the presenters for its 2015 induction .  paul mccartney will introduce ringo starr ; stevie wonder will induct bill withers .  the ceremony will take place in april and will be broadcast on hbo in ma .
 nonstop mexico : seven beachy getaways <sec> the island of cozumel , 11 miles off the yucatán coast , is a diving hot spot .  puerto vallarta has attracted painters , sculptors and other artisans in recent years .  los cabos , on the tip of baja california , has one of mexico 's most dramatic setting .
 how connective tech boosts political change <sec> media and government have been disrupted by citizens with internet connections , say ross .  `` connection technologies '' are technologies that connect people to information and each other .  ross runs through the impacts of connection technologies on political movement .
 creating a new cape town through design <sec> cape town is the world design capital 2014 .  old factories in the woodstock suburb are being transformed into creative spaces .  the visual arts contributes nearly $ 90 million to the south african econom .
 study warns of continued rise in wildfires in western u.s. , elsewhere <sec> a recent study finds increasing fire activities across the planet .  fire-plagued western states should brace for more in the future , the study says .  weather is a big factor , though a combination of factors can also be cited .  building in fire-prone areas should be an exercise in caution , one expert say .
 cruise extols scientology in 2004 video <sec> scientology membership a privilege that 's earned , cruise says .  2004 video part of ceremony honoring cruise for humanitarian work .  scientology defined as `` study of the truth .
 puerto rico hopes military can put dent in crime <sec> violent crimes , homicides on the rise in puerto rico .  military will repair police cruisers , join local authorities on patrols in crime-ridden areas .  soldiers will be deployed in san juan , carolina , bayamon , ponce .  confidence in local law enforcement is low because of corruption , report say .
 cape verde has lift-off at africa cup of nations as it makes quarterfinals <sec> cape verde books its place in quarterfinal of africa cup of nations with 2-1 win over angola .  cape verde , with a population of 500,000 , is the smallest ever nation to compete at the tournament .  host nation south africa qualifies for last eight with 2-2 draw against morocco .  bafana bafana tops group from cape verde in group .
 tennis legends tip murray for grand slam glory at u.s. open <sec> seven-time grand slam winner mats wilander tips andy murray for u.s. open glory .  murray achieved the biggest win of his career by beating roger federer in olympic final .  the world no . .  4 has been beaten in four previous grand slam finals .  murray drawn to face federer in semifinals at flushing meadow .
 real refs return to cheers <sec> fans give officials standing ovation before thursday game at baltimore .  there was no signature gaffe during thursday 's game .  the nfl labor deal with referees locks in pay raises , protects pensions for five year .
 top general cleared after accusations in a rolling stone article <sec> magazine said caldwell ordered psy ops on members of congress .  inspector general found no such evidence .  rolling stone said it stands by its reportin .
 greenpeace protesters dangle from pittsburgh bridge <sec> greenpeace , the environmental activist group , claimed responsibility for the stunt .  pittsburgh , pennsylvania , plays host this week to g-20 summit .  police stopped a second greenpeace group from rapelling off another bridg .
 a fair world cup deal for brazil ? <sec> questions raised over what brazil really gets out of 2014 world cup .  should money be spent on football stadiums or health and education ? .  fifa receives tax exemptions from brazil .  romario says : `` fifa comes to our country and sets up a state within a state .
 pittsburgh steelers ' troy polamalu to cut hair for vfw mane event <sec> nfl safety troy polamalu is getting his hair cut to raise money for veterans .  he 'll get the trim on monday , veterans day , at pittsburgh 's heinz field .  the veterans of foreign wars is encouraging others to do the sam .
 key events in pakistan 's historic election <sec> pakistan is poised for its first democratic transition of power in its 66-year history .  scores have been killed in campaign violence leading to this weekend 's election .  the government has lurched from crisis to crisis in the past five years .  campaign drama added by rise of imran khan and return of ex-president perez musharra .
 the changing face of luxury fashion <sec> antoine arnault heads up luxury fashion label berluti , part of the lvmh group .  arnault says the market for male fashion is growing twice as fast as that for woman .  last year menswear spending grew 14 % globall .
 greek athlete suspended from olympic team for offensive remarks <sec> triple jumper paraskevi papachristou posted a comment about african immigrants .  she apologized for the remark , saying her dream was connected to the olympics .  but she will not be participating in london the hellenic olympic committee confir .
 digital mandela archive spreads message of social justice <sec> a new online archive features nearly 2000 documents from mandela 's life .  it includes the earliest known photograph of the anti-apartheid leader .  the goal of the project is to promote social justice through spreading awareness of his stor .
 giffords leaves houston , heading for florida shuttle launch <sec> new : rep. gabrielle giffords ' staff posts a picture taken from her plane .  giffords is scheduled to attend a space shuttle launch friday .  the shuttle will be commanded by her husband , mark kell .
 first woman bishop named for church of england <sec> conservative anglican group says , `` though it grieves us , it comes as no surprise '' .  the rev . .  libby lane is named as the church of england 's first woman bishop .  lane : `` on this historic day ... .  i am very conscious of all those who have gone before me '' .  her appointment closes a thorny chapter in the church 's recent histor .
 faced with scandal , disgraced preacher 's wife maintained faith <sec> ted haggard 's wife , gayle , reveals why she stayed in wake of public scandal .  ted haggard , who admitted having sex with men , claims he no longer has same-sex urges .  gayle haggard : `` i have n't doubted my faith in this process but i have redefined it .
 cheney : 'the report 's full of crap ' <sec> dick cheney called the senate intelligence committee 's report on cia interrogation techniques a `` terrible piece of work '' .  he said he has no regrets about the tactics used after the 9/11 terrorist attack .
 ryder cup hero lawrie : hostile u.s. reception helped europe <sec> paul lawrie returns ryder cup to next host venue of gleneagles .  scot speaks of hostile reception europe players received at medinah .  lawrie believes it made them determined to retain trophy .  martin kaymer joins lawrie at this week 's alfred dunhill links even .
 unicef india 's new anti-public defecation campaign <sec> more than 620 million indians still defecate in the open .  unicef 's campaign aims to educate the youth about the health hazards associated with public defecation .  more than 28 million children do not have access to toilets in their schools , increasing risk of infection .
 world tour finals : meet the elite eight <sec> the atp world tour finals start sunday and feature eight of the best players on the tour .  world no . .  1 and new dad novak djokovic is the two-time defending champion in london .  roger federer and andy murray are among the others in action during the indoor event .  rafael nadal misses the tournament after undergoing appendix surgery this wee .
 3 killed in 95-car pileup on virginia highway , police say <sec> new : a total of 95 vehicles were involved in 17 `` chain-reaction '' crashes .  25 people were transported to hospitals , a police spokeswoman says .  the series of crashes started as fog engulfed interstate 77 , police sa .
 psy : one-hit wonder or k-pop breakthrough ? <sec> psy became the first south korean artist to hit number one on the uk music charts .  analysts wondering if psy will open the door for other asian acts in western music market .  billboard has a `` psy watch '' page on whether `` gangman style '' will hit u.s. no . .  1 .  stock value of company run by psy 's father has increased 8-fold since the video 's releas .
 olympic fencer inspires new generation <sec> sada jacobson , world champion fencer , is happy to serve as a role model for kids .  jacobson : fencing is an asymmetrical workout , with body in unnatural position .  fencing is `` physical chess '' where brain must strategize during a matc .
 midterms a mixed bag for women candidates <sec> susan carroll says midterms a mixed bag for women ; number in congress static .  she says when dems lost ; so did dem women in leadership positions .  carroll : women of color gained in congress and in gubernatorial races .  carroll : big winners may be palin and hillary clinto .
 europe 's politicians tackle unemployment <sec> a quarter of the european union 's 16 to 25 year-olds are out of work .  member states have agreed to job and training guarantee schemes .  they also plan to roll out 6 billion euros to the hardest hit countries .  eu employment commissioner lazlo andor says 'there is no silver bullet .
 whistle-blower : woe betide anyone reporting 'fifa corruption ' <sec> soccer whistle-blower hits out at fifa 's `` culture of self-protection '' .  phaedra al-majid unhappy fifa rejected her breach of confidentiality complaint .  `` dismissing my complaint ... is clear violation of its own rules , '' she says .  fifa declares american lawyer michael garcia 's appeal `` not admissible '' over his complain .
 handling of jobs speech timing blurs white house message <sec> new : obama 's speech will be at 7 p.m. on september 8 .  carney says obama decided this week to deliver his jobs speech in congress .  a dispute on the timing of the speech dominates media coverage .  boehner balks at obama 's original request to speak on september .
