 head-on bus crash kills 29 in nigeria <sec> two buses collide in northeastern nigeria .  11 victims burned beyond recognitio .
 authorities arrest man suspected of killing 1 at georgia megachurch <sec> new : u.s . .  marshals , police arrest suspect at mall in atlanta .  police identify suspect as floyd palmer , 52 .  one person is dead after the incident at world changers church international .  the church is led by prosperity minister creflo dolla .
 three escape pirate-hijacked tanker <sec> 3 security guards battle pirates , jump overboard as tanker hijacked off somalia .  british trio were rescued from water by german naval helicopter .  liberian-flagged biscaglia also carrying 25 indians , 2 bangladeshis .  pirates release greek ship mv centauri , held since septembe .
 'veep 's ' anna chlumsky on politics and her 'my girl ' fame <sec> anna chlumsky plays amy brookheimer , julia louis-dreyfus ' chief of staff .  a couple of decades ago she starred in `` my girl '' opposite an equally adorable macaulay culkin .  chlumsky spoke to cnn about the new show , politics and what it was like being a child sta .
 chile 's chaiten volcano under red alert <sec> red alert enacted to protect tourists near chile 's chaiten volcano , official says .  volcano became active in may 2008 after being dormant for more than 9,000 years .  red alert indicates activity above normal levels , eruption is imminen .
 cma awards co-host brad paisley talks preparations and tribute <sec> the country music awards air wednesday night .  there is a long list of performances .  co-hosts paisley and underwood have been texting material for sho .
 gadhafi son offers to broker libya cease-fire <sec> saadi gadhafi exchanged e-mail with a cnn correspondent .  he said he wants `` to save my city tripoli '' from a humanitarian crisis .  he had been reported captured by rebel forces on sunda .
 alinghi start building multi-hull yacht <sec> america 's cup champions alinghi reveal they are building a multihull yacht .  coordinator grant simmer says : `` we 're looking at building a beast of a boat '' .  alinghi and oracle will face off in a showdown for the 33rd america 's cu .
 epsom derby : can 'enfant terrible ' kieren fallon find true redemption ? <sec> kieren fallon thought his career was over last season but is back at the peak of the sport .  now just shy of his 50th birthday , he is targeting another prestigious epsom derby win .  his career has been littered by controversy both in and out of the saddle .  his targets are set on a potentially fairytale ending on board the horse true stor .
 berlin tegel : the airport that refuses to die <sec> berlin 's cold war-era tegel airport handles more than three times the passengers it was designed for .  airport granted a stay of execution due to delays to berlin 's new brandenburg airport .  airport officials no longer willing to put a completion date on new airport to avoid further embarrassmen .
 angelina jolie brings attention to plight of refugees <sec> actress , u.n. goodwill ambassador spoke of visits to tanzania , pakistan camps .  chief of u.n. refugee agency elaborated on the plight of displaced people .  conflicts in pakistan , sri lanka , somalia have caused people to flee their homes .  tutsi described her ordeal amid slaughter in democratic republic of cong .
 1969 alcatraz takeover 'changed the whole course of history ' <sec> native americans occupied alcatraz for 19 months , starting in november 1969 .  indians wanted to focus on `` broken treaties , broken promises , '' professor says .  occupiers did n't get demands but may have helped end u.s. policy of tribal assimilation .  co-organizer : move brought `` indian issues to the forefront of the public awareness .
 obama attacks gop budget proposal <sec> new : rep. ryan says president obama chooses to `` duck and run '' on the budget .  obama calls republican spending plans `` social darwinism '' .  obama advocates shared responsibility through higher taxes on the wealthy .  once again , obama has a high-profile event on a primary election da .
 benzema double keeps real madrid hopes alive <sec> two goals from karim benzema helped real madrid to a 3-1 win over racing santander .  the result means real are seven points behind leaders barcelona in second place .  there were also wins for athletic bilbao , levante , sporting gijon , osasuna and almeri .
 craigslist to meet with state ags over sex ads <sec> craigslist has been under fire over its listings for suspected illegal sexual activities .  three state attorneys general plan to meet with craigslist representatives tuesday .  two sides are expected to discuss eliminating ads for prostitution from the site .  philip markoff is suspected of killing a masseuse he met through craigslis .
 'sorcery ' makes sony 's move a magic wand <sec> `` sorcery '' showcases the sony move 's capabilities .  the game is fun , but aiming with the controller is sometimes imprecise .  the game features finn , a sorcerer 's apprentice who must save a princess .  it has fun dialogue but no chance for players to respon .
 european court rebukes russia for wwii massacre of polish soldiers <sec> court says it does n't have authority to rule because incident timeline .  20,000 polish soldiers are murdered at point blan .
 pakistan releases nine taliban for peace process in afghanistan <sec> taliban members released to help with peace negotiations .  afghan peace council calls for the release of more .  pakistani intelligence official is skeptical about their effectivenes .
 british woman could face laos death penalty <sec> samantha orobator facing death by firing squad for drug trafficking .  official : orabator was arrested on august 5 .  she became pregnant while in prison , rights group spokeswoman says .  the last execution in laos was in 199 .
 all aboard the world 's most advanced cruise ship <sec> royal caribbean says quantum of the seas is the world 's most technologically advanced cruise ship .  ship highlights include a skydiving simulator , bumper cars and a glass pod that rises more than 300 feet in the air .  passengers in interior staterooms get virtual balconies , which offer real-time views of the ocean .  quantum will spend the winter cruising the eastern caribbean before moving to shanghai next jun .
 first win of season for louis van gaal 's man utd <sec> manchester united beat qpr 4-0 at old trafford .  first win of epl season for english powerhouses .  angel di maria inspires comfortable victory .  radamel falcao makes debut as second half substitut .
 the real mobile revolution : africa 's smartphone future <sec> africa 's smartphone market is expected to double in next four years , says nmachi jidenma .  companies like nokia and samsung are targeting the continent .  africa 's growing tech-savvy middle class will drive smartphone adoption .  `` smartphones will redefine the continent 's future , '' says jidenm .
 mixed signals on colombian hostage release <sec> red cross says it is ready to resume a liberation operation , .  but the government says it has not signed off on such a move .  two hostages who were to be released sunday were not released .  the government was upset that it was given wrong coordinate .
 iran : reformist paper shut down <sec> karrubi was to run response to opponents in monday edition , son and reporter say .  protesters outside newspaper offices clash with police , state-run press tv reports .  hardliners criticize karrubi for openly describing mistreatment of detainees .  human-rights groups accuse guards of conducting harsh interrogation .
 pakistan starts legal proceedings against bin laden widows <sec> new : widows ' children are n't included in proceedings , interior minister says .  new : two widows and their children are being detained in a five-bedroom house .  `` they will have the whole liberty to defend themselves in the court , '' minister says .  former al qaeda leader 's widows being investigated for alleged forgery , illegal entr .
 middleman reduces waste , keeps charities going strong <sec> judson kinnucan collects donated goods and gets them to charities in need .  whether it 's hygiene products , food or school supplies , he wants nothing to go to waste .  many charities in chicago lean on his efforts as they struggle for funding .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroe .
 mississippi politician urges gunmakers in connecticut , elsewhere to relocate <sec> new : massachusetts politicians predict the bid to lure smith & wesson to mississippi will fail .  the gun industry in connecticut is being `` demonized , '' says mississippi 's house speaker .  gunmakers in `` anti-second amendment states '' wo n't be criticized in his state , he adds .  a u.s. senator from connecticut calls the pitch `` preposterous .
 taliban rejects u.n. report on afghan casualties <sec> the taliban reject s u.n. report this week on afghan casualties .  the report blamed insurgents for 76 percent of civilian deaths .  a taliban spokesman calls it pentagon propaganda .  the u.n. report said the human cost of the conflict is escalatin .
 new pennsylvania ag inherits sandusky review <sec> kathleen kane , a newcomer in state politics , won pennsylvania ag job .  she became first woman and the first democrat elected to the job .  she was asked about the sandusky case frequently during the campaig .
 syrian rebels , al qaeda-linked militants seize golan heights border crossing <sec> the israeli military has closed off the area around the crossing , official says .  syrian rebels take over border crossing between syria , israeli-occupied golan heights .  errant fire injures one israeli officer , military says .  israeli military says it fired on two syrian military positions in respons .
 more budget cuts could make life leaner for top pentagon brass <sec> hagel wants to tighten spending at pentagon .  personnel reductions have not yet been determine .
 alexa ray joel , daughter of billy and christie , collapses on stage <sec> doctor says alexa ray joel experienced a harmless fainting episode .  she is the daughter of billy joel and christie brinkley .  she was performing at manhattan 's café carlyle when she collapsed .  the songwriter and singer launched her performance and recording career in 200 .
 guns endanger more than they protect <sec> david frum : nra statement surfaced the key rationale for its views on guns .  nra chief talked of battle between criminals and civilians , who use guns defensively .  frum : in fact , guns are used to intimidate and threaten more often than in self-defense .  he says armed civilians turn ordinary altercations into murderous exchanges of fir .
 rude ranch a haven for animals down on their luck <sec> maryland couple operates rude ranch animal rescue out of their home .  bob and katherine rude currently care for 116 cats and six dogs .  the pair is concerned about rising costs , falling donations and more pets in nee .
 give gun owners what they want <sec> at the sentencing of jared loughner , issue of gun violence came up .  daniel webster : it 's time for elected officials to address key flaws in our gun laws .  he says the nra speaks for gun owners with the most extreme views .  webster : politicians should push for reforms supported by most gun owner .
 double gold for sochi paralympic skiing stars <sec> markus salcher and akira kano double up in sochi .  austria 's salcher wins second gold in men 's super-g standing class .  kano of japan matches him with gold in men 's super-g sitting class .  lyudmyla pavlenko gives ukraine first gold in cross country skiin .
 missing arkansas girl found safe ; couple she lived with found dead <sec> new : 12-year-old amber whitlow is found safe in memphis , tennessee , police say .  new : her 33-year-old brother antonio whitlow is in custody , suspected of homicide .  amber was reported missing from the arkansas home she shared with a couple in their 60s .  police found the couple , believed to be amber 's parents or grandparents , dead in the hous .
 high school stops fighting , learns to love students and tech <sec> the new tech high school in napa allows students to bring in their own computers .  instead of limiting access to social media , school teaches about digital responsibility .  custom program using google apps puts assignments , grades in the clou .
 former gsa official indicted <sec> a federal grand jury indicts jeffrey neely on five counts .  he 's accused of filing false expense accounts .  he was criticized for organizing a $ 800,000 las vegas conferenc .
 francis expects his papacy to be no more than five years <sec> pope has talked of retirement before , but this time he says he think papacy will end after no more than five years .  francis says he does n't like the idea of an age limit .  ponitff announces a rare jubilee to begin in decembe .
 beyonce 's sister claims 'discrim-fro-nation ' <sec> solange knowles claimed her afro was searched by the tsa on wednesday .  she took to twitter asking fans , `` what did tsa find in solange 's fro ? '' .  the tsa does not have a policy of specifically searching afros , spokeswoman said .  `` it would not be someone 's hair but something in someone 's hair , '' she sai .
 what 's in a name ? lots of jokes , if you 're kanye 's baby <sec> celebrities have a long track record of providing their kids with unique names .  parents kanye west and kim kardashian are no strangers to headlines .  tmz and e ! .  online report that the baby has been named north west .  the twitter universe is flush with north west joke .
 huckabee : politicization of rape victims ' deaths 'heartbreaking ' <sec> convicted rapist paroled in 1999 while huckabee was governor of arkansas .  convict later raped , killed a woman in missouri after released from prison .  murdered woman 's mother says she will campaign against the presidential nominee .  huckabee expressed support for parole , but denies pressuring parole boar .
 australian court backs claim to own breast cancer gene <sec> australian federal court rules patent on human gene testing valid .  mutations of gene brca1 increase risk of breast , ovarian cancer .  cancer advocacy group had challenged biotech companies ' right to patent .  biotech company myriad genetics fighting separate challenge in the u.s .
 high-tech tools for stds <sec> users can text and share std test results with potential partners .  you can also e-mail former partners anonymously to tell them to get tested .  an app enlists a doctor 's help if you 're worried you might have an st .
 pakistani taliban vows to avenge death of no . 2 man <sec> pakistani taliban says it will reject any peace initiatives .  rehman has been buried in a secret location .  the tribal region where he was killed in a drone strike has a strong presence of militant .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> the syrian crisis is forcing turkish exporters to establish alternative routes to the gulf .  cnn 's ivan watson looks at how turkey is doing its best to bypass the violence in syria .  mme looks at water security in a region that lacks the world 's most important resourc .
 dutch queen handing throne to son <sec> queen beatrix to abdicate , handing throne to prince willem-alexander .  she assured dutch in televised speech : `` i 'm not taking leave from you '' .  the queen turns 75 on thursda .
 more questions than answers in cleveland 's run on high-profile crime <sec> cleveland is the site of three national headline-grabbing crimes in four years .  poverty , vacant homes create perfect environment for crime , experts say .  but others question whether there 's anything unique about cleveland .  `` violence knows no boundaries , '' east cleveland mayor gary norton say .
 mexico rescues migrants crammed into truck in 'subhuman ' conditions <sec> the migrants came from as far away as nepal and as nearby as guatemala .  mexican authorities say x-ray equipment detected 94 migrants hidden in a truck .  they showed symptoms of asphyxiation , authorities say .  the migrants had paid thousands of dollars to travel to the united state .
 can the house trust the senate ? <sec> health bill passage may require house democrats to trust senate democrats .  house could make politically difficult vote on theory that senate would modify law later .  john feehery says there 's a long history of mistrust between the two chambers .  he says senators have lofty ambitions and more prerogative .
 helping mothers , babies in one of the worst places for survival <sec> afghanistan has long been ranked among the worst in the world for mothers .  afghan women 70 times more likely to die in childbirth than from a bullet or a bomb , group says .  trained midwives are helping battle grim statistic .
 teen wins 'the voice ' as the show wins in ratings <sec> danielle bradbery , 16 , won the fourth season of `` the voice '' .  she 's the youngest winner for the nbc singing competition .  bradbery is coach blake shelton 's third champ in a row .  shelton : anyone could win with a talent like bradber .
 cbs extends judge judy sheindlin through 2020 <sec> the new contract includes a first look deal .  her court show is set through the 2017 season .  `` judge judy '' is the highest-rated regular series in all of tv syndicatio .
 mariah carey slammed over nyc christmas gig <sec> mariah carey 's tardiness forced nbc to cancel her live performance tuesday night .  carey then sang live during wednesday 's broadcast of the rockefeller tree lighting .  many observers criticized her performanc .
 poll : more than half of teens , young adults harassed online <sec> survey : more than half of teens , young adults have experienced online harassment .  abuse included lies and having messages that were supposed to be private shared .  survey by associated press/mtv aimed to gauge attitudes about online behavior .  survey showed that more young people say they 'd intervene if they saw online abus .
 police : remains are believed to be those of shannan gilbert <sec> the remains are found a quarter mile from belongings found last week , police say .  a medical examiner will determine if the remains are shannan gilbert 's .  the search led to the discovery of other bodies , triggered a hunt for a possible serial killer .  remains of others were found on oak and gilgo beaches and another location on long islan .
 29 killed as bus plunges into gorge in india <sec> at least 29 passengers die as bus falls into a gorge in a north india .  authorities investigating cause of incident .  india says it has launched a campaign to reduce road-crash death .
 4 killed in georgia refinery blast ; at least 4 people missing <sec> new : `` this is still a very fluid situation , there could be more [ victims ] , '' police say .  officials say the fire is under control , but not out .  managers suspect static electricity ignited dust at sugar refinery .  blast shook homes miles away across savannah river in south carolin .
 a lot at stake for jordan in an election of firsts <sec> new : official results expected around noon thursday .  turnout is 56.6 % of registered voters , official says .  king abdullah ii says reforms will make jordan `` more transparent , fair and inclusive '' .  voting is completed with no reports of electoral violations , officials sa .
 stall warnings went off before taiwan plane crash <sec> a transasia representative : pilots who fly atr planes must pass tests .  the two engines stopped producing power , one after the other , aviation agency says .  official : engine may have shut off due to a crew member or a mechanical issu .
 celebrities protest beverly hills hotel ownership <sec> new : organizations have moved -- or threatened to move -- scheduled events .  beverly hills hotel finds itself part of celeb protests .  demonstrations are against laws of brunei ; sultan owns hotel .  brunei recently instituted sharia law , includes stoning penalties for adultery , homosexualit .
 earthquake survivor : 'i thought this is it ' <sec> anne vos spent 24 hours trapped in the rubble of the pyne gould corporation building .  vos 's conversations with the media while hiding under her desk were broadcast internationally .  vos was rescued and taken to the hospital with cracked ribs and heavy bruises on wednesda .
 marine slaying suspect to be returned from mexico <sec> cpl . .  cesar laurean is suspected in death of pregnant lance cpl . .  maria lauterbach .  laurean was arrested in mexico in april .  he could be back in north carolina within a week , sheriff 's office said .  laurean said lauterbach slit her own throat after an argumen .
