 monster blizzard set to slam northeast <sec> shoppers pack stores , gas station lines before it begins to snow .  more than 3,300 flights across the u.s. canceled for friday and saturday .  connecticut gov . .  dannel malloy says utility companies bringing additional crews .  forecasters predict as much as 3 feet of snow for boston this weeken .
 significant human rights issues noted in u.n. report on iraq <sec> the u.n. assistance mission for iraq releases a report on the human rights situation there .  the report finds widespread problems still existed in 2010 , the year covered by the report .  extremists , poverty and judicial problems were responsible for many violations , the mission say .
 reports : amazon to unveil 'kindle fire ' <sec> techcrunch : amazon 's touch-screen tablet will be called 'kindle fire ' .  amazon is expected to announce the device on wednesday .  gdgt : tablet is based on blackberry 's playbook tablet .  amazon 's current kindle will still be available , according to report .
 ballon d'or : 'disgraceful ' suarez omitted from key award for bite <sec> the 23-name longlist for the ballon d'or has been revealed .  cristiano ronaldo won the title last year .  list will be whittled down to three names by december 1 .  winner set to be announced on january 1 .
 trial begins for coach accused in player 's death <sec> former high school coach is charged with reckless homicide .  player max gilpin , 15 , died of heat exhaustion .  player 's body temperature hit 107 degrees at august '08 practic .
 2 found guilty of killing northern ireland policeman <sec> ira dissidents brendan mcconville , 40 , and john paul wootton , 20 , are found guilty .  catholic constable stephen carroll , 48 , was shot dead in 2009 .  the judge says evidence proved the men were `` intimately involved '' in the killin .
 champion lorenzo claims italian treble <sec> world motorcycling champion jorge lorenzo wins at mugello for third successive year .  he closes gap on fellow spaniard dani pedrosa , who repeats last year 's second place .  pedrosa 's honda teammate marc marquez misses out on history after crashing .  lorenzo 's yamaha teammate valentino rossi was an early casualty at his home trac .
 excerpt : jane velez-mitchell 's new book , 'iwant ' <sec> jane velez-mitchell writes of her journey from addiction to a simpler , honest life .  she says it 's taken decades of self-examination to find out what makes her happy .  velez-mitchell : `` change occurs on the emotional , psychological , and spiritual levels .
 reports : loughner to plead guilty in arizona shooting rampage <sec> the reports say a competency hearing will now be a change-of-plea hearing .  the january 2011 attack kills 6 and wounds 13 .  loughner 's mental condition has been central to the court proceeding .
 verdasco dumps djokovic to earn final clash with nadal in monte carlo <sec> fernando verdasco stuns top seed novak djokovic 6-2 6-2 in monte carlo semifinals .  verdasco will face five-time defending champion rafael nadal in sunday 's final .  world no . .  3 nadal progresses with 6-2 6-3 win over fellow spaniard david ferrer .  djokovic was beaten in final last year by nadal , who has not lost there since 200 .
 duke lacrosse accuser arrested in boyfriend 's stabbing <sec> police charge crystal mangum with assault with a deadly weapon .  mangum is being held in durham county jail in north carolina .  five years ago , mangum claimed three duke lacrosse players raped her .  authorities later found no evidence the attacks occurred and charges were droppe .
 vital underground water found in kenya <sec> u.n. says it identified five aquifers in turkana .  in a country where water is scarce , the revelation is crucial .  kenya has a population of 41 million , 17 million of whom lack access to safe water .  additional supplies may help halt conflicts over natural resources in the regio .
 new glass could make touchscreens lighter , more responsive <sec> corning unveils a new , thinner form of its popular gorilla glass at ces .  the original gorilla glass is used in more than 500 models of touchscreen gadgets .  new glass more responsive but not less resistant to breakage than current gorilla glas .
 j.k. rowling writes to grieving teen <sec> stay had quoted dumbledore at memorial .  she is the sole survivor of her family tragedy .  rowling sent a care package including a wand and an autographed boo .
 'toddlers & tiaras ' controversy : are they growing up too fast ? <sec> viewers have been expressing horror at an industry accused of `` sexualizing '' young girls .  devoted pageant moms are speaking out in their own defense .  juana myers says unfair scrutiny has been placed on the pageant industr .
 envoy seeks syrian cease-fire by muslim holiday next week <sec> new : more than 80 bodies are found in a mass grave in deir ezzor , an opposition group says .  they are among the 245 reported dead on friday .  u.n.-arab league envoy lakhdar brahimi arrives in damascus .  interference to broadcasts coming from syria , a satellite provider say .
 hackers hit petition site change.org , official says <sec> online-petition site change.org was hacked over the weekend .  no personal data was stolen , a spokesman said .  the targeted petitions were in a featured section of the website .  the website says it has more than 35 million user .
 poll : few americans have favorable view of muslim world <sec> poll : one in five americans has a favorable view of muslim countries .  poll released on eve of president obama 's speech in cairo , egypt , to muslim world .  poll : americans say they are n't at war with muslims but think muslims at war with u.s .
 chocolate 'diva ' ad hurts , supermodel naomi campbell complains <sec> `` move over naomi , there 's a new diva in town , '' cadbury 's ad says .  `` it 's upsetting to be described as chocolate , '' the supermodel says .  cadbury pulled the ad before campbell complained , the chocolate maker says .  campbell is considering `` every option '' against the company , she say .
 gray skies no match for world 's largest solar bridge <sec> blackfriars bridge in the city of london is the world 's largest solar-powered bridge . .  over 4,400 photovoltaic cells occupy a roof area of 6000 square meters . .  clean energy provides 50 percent of the requirements of blackfriars railway station , located on the bridge . .  the array is estimated to reduce carbon emissions by 511 tonnes per year .
 al qaeda-linked group finds fertile territory in nigeria as killings escalate <sec> many of those targeted are christians .  police stations and mosques deemed 'insufficiently islamic ' are also attacked .  assailants belong to the group boko haram , which translates to `` western education is outlawed .
 ahmadinejad to visit border area near israel amid threat <sec> ahmadinejad is currently in lebanon .  it is his first state visit to the country .  an israeli knesset member has called for military actio .
 woman no longer 'person of interest ' in las vegas shooting <sec> police no longer want to talk to tineesha howard , aka yenesis alfonso .  she was inside a black range rover at the time shots were fired , they say .  the fatal shooting and crash left three people dea .
 alleged ohio gunman rarely spoke about 'trouble ' at home <sec> the motive behind the shooting remains unclear , police chief says .  a newspaper reports that lane 's father was arrested for violent crimes .  witnesses say t.j. lane shot 5 people , 3 fatally .  `` he never would go into detail . .  he just said he had family trouble , '' a friend say .
 nancy pelosi : my neighbors own the nationals <sec> nancy pelosi mentions that her neighbors own the nationals .  the nationals , an mlb team , are going to the playoffs .  critics on social media argue the moment shows she 's out of touch .  pelosi is the house democratic leade .
 like a scene out of the film 'titanic , ' chaos consumed listing ship <sec> new : 200 passengers swam to shore , little rock man says .  the tilting ship and rising water evoked the film `` titanic , '' a crew member says .  there was chaos on board as passengers tried to find lifeboats in darkness .  the luxury cruise ship was designed to appeal to young couples and familie .
 andrew wyeth , 'christina 's world ' painter , dies <sec> new : bush says wyeth 's work `` captured america '' .  wyeth died in his sleep at home in pennsylvania at 91 .  his most famous painting is that of a young girl in a field .  his `` helga '' portraits were first shown in 198 .
 cnn student news transcript : october 19 , 2009 <sec> follow a massive assault in pakistan involving tens of thousands of troops .  keep an eye on a major hurricane swirling in the eastern pacific ocean .  marvel at the magnitude of what will be the tallest building in the worl .
 kim kardashian spills to fans about divorce <sec> kardashian addressed public reaction to her split with husband kris humphries .  `` i ca n't believe i even have to defend this , '' said the reality star , who said she married for lov .
 600 new homes begun since settlement freeze ended , group says <sec> an israeli source says construction in the west bank wo n't affect the peace map .  palestinians call the development `` alarming '' .  peace now will issue a detailed report next wee .
 will proposition 8 stand ? federal appeals court judges must decide <sec> a panel of judges hears arguments over whether the measure is constitutional .  opponents of proposition 8 say it denies same-sex couples ' rights .  supporters say it protects the institution of marriage .  a federal judge 's earlier ruling says the proposition violates the constitutio .
 sting operation finds illegal gun sales in 3 states , report says <sec> sales made at gun shows in ohio , tennessee , nevada , report says .  19 of 30 private sellers in sting failed the integrity test , according to the report .  closing gun-show loophole `` is basic law enforcement , '' nyc mayor says .  it `` has nothing to do with the second amendment , '' said mayor michael bloomber .
 red ribbon : celebrating 20 years of the iconic aids symbol <sec> this year marks the 20th anniversary of the creation of the `` red ribbon '' for visualaids .  the symbol is an icon of design and activism that is recognized around the world .  visual aids recently commissioned four artists to create updated version .
 lionel messi case : spanish soccer star testifies in tax fraud trial <sec> soccer star lionel messi and his father are accused of tax fraud .  they have paid $ 6.75 million in back taxes and interest and deny wrongdoing .  prosecutors say they could be fined up to $ 32 million and sentenced to four years in jai .
 moment of truth for uefa : financial fair play ruling due in 2015 <sec> uefa 's financial fair play regulations to be judged in court in 2015 .  financial fair play designed to prevent football clubs spending beyond their means .  the regulations have been challenged by an italian football agent .  daniel striani has hired the lawyer who worked with belgian footballer jean-marc bosma .
 radcliffe opens harry potter theme park <sec> attraction re-creates locations , scenes , other elements from book and movie series .  park-within-a-park is at universal 's islands of adventure in orlando , florida .  final movie in the series finished filming saturday .  with potter nearly behind him , radcliffe says he 'll continue acting , be selective about role .
 stan freberg , acclaimed satirist , dies at 88 <sec> stan freberg was famed comedian , song parodist .  he later became adman , did a number of outrageous commercials .  `` weird al '' yankovic : `` a legend , an inspiration , and a friend .
 pinterest , twitter and tumblr data compromised in zendesk hack <sec> the sites were breached via their vendor , zendesk .  the photosharing site pinterest warned users about the breach via e-mail on friday .  the company urged users to ensure their passwords are stron .
 police : boy , mom in chemo case may be in california <sec> new : police think mom , son may be headed toward mexico .  dad says he called where he thinks they could be , wo n't say if it 's canada .  `` come back and be safe and be a family , '' anthony hauser urges wife and son .  13-year-old needs chemotherapy , doctors and court sa .
 blindness does n't deter law clerk from high court <sec> isaac lidsky is set to become first legally blind law clerk at u.s. supreme court .  lidsky will work with retired justice sandra day o'connor , who still hears appeals .  lidsky played weasel on nbc 's `` saved by the bell : the new class '' .  he and wife founded hope for vision , a foundation that seeks a cure for blindnes .
 formula one unveils driver numbers for 2014 season <sec> formula one introduces driver numbers for 2014 season .  red bull 's sebastian vettel takes the number one as defending champion .  the german had chosen five as champion will race with no . .  1 for a season .  fernando alonso takes 14 , with lewis hamilton opting for 4 .
 pardoned mississippi murderer found in wyoming <sec> new : mississippi ag jim hood slams then-gov . .  haley barbour .  joseph ozment pleaded guilty to the 1992 murder of rick montgomery .  he was released from prison after a pardon from barbour .  ozment was served with papers at a laramie , wyoming , hote .
 sanjay gupta travels to discover his 'roots ' <sec> dr. sanjay gupta traveled from pakistan to michigan to discover his family 's roots .  his mother , father and daughters joined him on the trip .  gupta says he will most remember the conversations they had along the wa .
 report : libyans claim waterboarding , other cia abuses <sec> new : an expert says torture claims have been part of an anti-u.s. `` propaganda war '' .  the cia says it ca n't comment on the allegations in a human rights watch report .  human rights watch says it has proof of cia abuses against libyans .  allegations challenge claims by george w. bush 's administration that only 3 people waterboarde .
 car blast in tel aviv possibly work of organized crime , police say <sec> new : four people were injured , police said .  the blast occurred near a bus in tel aviv .  police are searching for a motorbik .
 curiosity rover takes snapshot of earth from mars <sec> nasa releases a photo taken last week from the curiosity rover on mars .  it shows a speck nasa says is the rover 's first image of earth from the red planet .  earth , its moon would be `` two distinct , bright 'evening stars ' '' to observers on mars , nasa says .  curiosity launched from florida in fall 2011 , landing on mars the next august to study that plane .
 standup comedy enters twitter era <sec> a number of comedians joining twitter , sending out jokes .  john heffron : i try to be funny and entertaining .  heffron , craig shoemaker note that nuances are lost in translatio .
 who is anonymous ? everyone and no one <sec> anonymous is an amorphous collective of hackers that are hard to define .  anyone can be a member and the group has no spokesperson .  anonymous has been making headlines since 2010 , most recently attacking the fbi .  the group claims to have leaked e-mails related to the syrian presiden .
 meet the tugboat captain who stared down armed pirates <sec> viktor nikolsky is the captain of the neptune tugboat in the port of st. petersburg .  he was captured by pirates while sailing aboard the mv faina off the coast of somalia in 2008 .  the faina was held captive for just over four month .
 dressing for work -- the no-nos <sec> how you dress for work should depend on the culture at your office .  she says : 11 or fewer accessories , save garish eye shadow for halloween .  he says : briefcase should be clean , not covered with political buttons .  both say : bad smells are a no-no -- either body odor or too much perfum .
 photographer 's legacy captures nation 's spirit <sec> ojeikere was a nigerian photographer who passed away in february .  throughout his life , he took thousands of pictures cataloging the changing times of his nation .  monograph from centre for contemporary art , lagos will showcase the wor .
 challenging iran 's women 's rights narrative ( opinion ) <sec> faraz sanei : women 's groups in iran have remained adaptable .  those hostile to women 's rights in iran remain unrelenting , she say .
 radical islamic cleric abu hamza al-masri 's trial begins <sec> abu hamza al-masri stands trial on numerous terrorism-related charges .  al-masri was one of the highest-profile radical islamic figures in britain .  he is accused of conspiring to kidnap americans in yemen , open terror camp in orego .
 suicide bomb blasts rock lahore ; at least 28 dead <sec> three blasts strike a shiite procession in 30-minute span .  218 people are wounded , with 7 in critical condition , officials say .  2,500 police officers were assigned to procession after attack warnin .
 social media suggest # jobsforjonstewart <sec> fans offered suggestions for jon stewart 's next career on social media .  suggestions included political office and replacing katy perry 's left shar .
 film in works about oklahoma city bombing <sec> oklahoma city is the site of the worst terrorist attack on u.s. soil before september 11 , 2001 .  the 1995 bombing of the state capital 's federal building left 168 dead .  the tentative title of the film is `` o.k.c. , '' sources with knowledge of the project sa .
 lesbian couple can file for divorce in maryland , court rules <sec> the appeal involves a couple married in california .  they were denied a divorce in maryland two years ago .  the maryland law is scheduled to go into effect in januar .
 mississippi baby hiv positive , not cured <sec> mississippi baby `` cured '' of hiv is now showing signs of the virus .  baby was given high doses of three antiretroviral drugs shortly after birth .  baby born with hiv in california was given the same treatmen .
 the original supermodels turn 40 : where are they now ? <sec> claudia schiffer turns 40 on august 25 .  although plagued by personal scandals , naomi campbell is still a fashion-world star .  evangelista 's recent gigs include ad campaigns for prada , talbots , and john gallian .
 the rising cost of living in the gulf <sec> inflation and skyrocketing prices in gulf making life tough for workers .  a survey found two thirds of workers may look for another job in 2008 .  a mass exodus of expatriate workers would have a serious effect on business .  pressure is mounting on gulf governments to find solution .
 was that a meteor over southern california ? <sec> bright light in the sky spooks many in southern california .  norad says it was most likely a meteor .  san diego deputy says they received many calls about i .
 victory boosts vonn 's world cup hopes <sec> american skier lindsey vonn wins her 57th world cup race on saturday .  the defending champion is now 167 points behind overall leader tina maze .  the slovenian was second in super g after winning friday 's super combined .  vonn is making up for lost time after an illness earlier this seaso .
 for workers in havana , may day highlights uncertainty <sec> official cuban media : 600,000 people from havana gathered at the capital 's revolution square .  activists say dire economic conditions in cuba have necessitated structural change .  around the world , may day has historically brought displays of support for communism and socialis .
 i have asperger 's ; i am just like you <sec> there is no direct connection between autism and violence , man with asperger 's says .  kids with autism or asperger 's are sometimes bullied because of their peculiarities .  those with asperger 's can have families , be productive members of societ .
