 mexican police , soldiers killed in multicity attacks by drug gang <sec> new : gang targets police station where arnoldo rueda medina was being held .  attacks were reprisals for capture of member of la familia gang .  series of coordinated attacks in at least eight cities kills 3 federal officers , 2 soldiers .  officials call the coordinated attacks an unprecedented onslaught by drug gang .
 guards for african leaders battle ; dozen injured <sec> ugandan officer reports tensions with libyan leader 's guards during visit .  leaders gathered for opening of massive mosque in kampala , uganda .  about a dozen presidential guards seen bleeding from compound fracture .
 dna testing could save texas man 's life ( opinion ) <sec> dan simon : texas may execute rodney reed for murder , except he might be innocent .  simon says the answer to reed 's innocence or guilt hinges on getting dna testing .  simon says the state may be afraid of testing because it may learn that it made a mistake .  texas should take all feasible ways to verify defendant 's guilt before execution , he say .
 5 ways the iphone changed our lives <sec> iphone went on sale june 29 , 2007 , when nokia and blackberry ruled the phone world .  despite its hefty price tag ( $ 600 for the basic model ) , the iphone was an immediate hit .  the phone helped pioneer touchscreen interfaces , mobile apps , smartphone addictio .
 jimmy buffett got stitches for cut from stage fall <sec> new : buffett checked out of a hospital thursday , his website says .  video shows buffett taking one step too many toward fans .  buffett fell off the stage at the end of a show in sydney , australia , manager say .
 american journalist freed from somali pirates <sec> mother of journalist confirms son 's release : `` we are elated , '' she tells cnn .  somali official confirms release , says journalist has boarded a plane but unclear to where .  michael scott moore freed after being held for more than two years by somali pirate .
 terror-devastated mumbai hotels reopen <sec> mumbai 's taj mahal palace tower , oberoi-trident luxury hotels reopen .  both were targeted by gunmen in last month 's attacks in which around 160 died .  parts of both hotels still closed because of damage suffered during three-day siege .
 'sweat lodge ' guru charged in deaths <sec> self-help guru james ray was arrested wednesday after a grand jury indictment .  he 's charged with manslaughter in deaths of three at arizona sweat lodge ceremony .  as many as 65 people spent as long as two hours inside the sweat lodge .  ray 's attorney says charges are unjust and ray would be exonerated in court .
 european dealmaking on syria as u.s . tries to build coalition <sec> leaders decide they want inspectors ' report first .  officials want signal of backing from u.n . .  it 's a sign of european politic .
 ex-mayor in new jersey gets two years in prison <sec> peter cammarano iii was hoboken 's youngest mayor .  he was arrested after just three weeks in office .  cammarano pleaded guilty in april to conspiracy and extortio .
 in troubled times , vasectomies snip and prosper <sec> urologists report a higher demand for vasectomies in recent months .  in new york , vasectomies increase after stocks tumble in fall 2008 .  during recessions , people have fewer children , according to health statistic .
 hacker gets 7 years in thefts of more than 240,000 credit card numbers <sec> aleksandr suvorov , 28 , had entered guilty pleas in two separate schemes .  one involved stealing credit card numbers of 81,000 dave & buster 's customers .  he then attempted to sell more than 160,000 stolen numbers to an undercover agent .  estonian `` reached across an ocean to victimize thousands of americans , '' u.s. attorney say .
 santas can freak out screaming toddlers <sec> journalists denise joyce and nancy watkins wrote `` scared of santa '' .  book contains photos of screaming toddlers on santas ' laps .  watkins says , `` i 'm pretty sure that most of these kids are over it in about five minutes .
 mocking hacked politicians ' sites ? joke could be on you <sec> hackers replaced photo of spain pm with mr. bean on new european union site .  mahmoud ahmadinejad 's hacked with message asking god to kill iranian president .  security experts say clicking to laugh at hack could leave users vulnerable .  expert : hacking government sites is `` 21st century form of a street protest .
 murray crashes out of rome masters <sec> fourth seed andy murray is knocked out of the rome masters by richard gasquet .  novak djokovic , roger federer and rafael nadal all reach quarterfinals .  world number one victoria azarenka pulls out injured in women 's event .  maria sharapova , petra kvitova and williams sisters all progress to last eigh .
 princess anne 's remarks on horse meat 'brave , ' charity says <sec> princess anne has suggested that britons reconsider their reluctance to eat horse meat .  she says an increase in the value of horse meat might lead to better horse welfare .  the ceo of world horse welfare says there are too many horses and too few homes .  this problem has caused a decline in the value of horses and their treatment , he say .
 gold hit by sharpest tumble in 30 years <sec> gold hit a two-year low on monday of $ 1,355 per troy ounce .  investors fear gold 's decade-long bull run is now over .  the precious metal hit a record price of $ 1,920 a troy ounce in 2011 .  better economic conditions in u.s. and eurozone have stifled demand for gold as safe have .
 ukip 's by-election win throws britain into the abyss <sec> conservative party defector mark reckless brings ukip a second by-election win in two months .  oakley : second successive ukip victory makes it hard to predict the winner of upcoming general election .  oakley : reckless ' win an embarrassing blow for david cameron , who threw kitchen sink at winning vote .  oakley : ukip has successfully tied itself to the bandwagon of popular discontent with `` establishment '' partie .
 adam scott moves seven clear at arnold palmer invitational <sec> world no . .  2 in command at arnold palmer invitational in florida .  scott adds four-under 68 to opening round 62 to reach 14 under after 36 holes .  australian could topple tiger woods as world no . .  1 with a win this weeken .
 did apple 's fanboy fever peak with steve jobs ? <sec> some apple consumers seem less enthused about the company these days .  maybe that 's because of the death of steve jobs ; maybe it 's iphone 5 glitches .  `` the excitement has settled , '' one apple fan in atlanta says .  still , the company 's stock is near an all-time high , and the iphone 5 is selling wel .
 powerful flavor : rio 's incredible juice bars <sec> sucos -- or juice bars -- thrive in rio de janeiro and beyond in brazil .  rodrigo vidigal peixoto , whose family runs polis sucos , says his father started rio 's juice bar craze in 1958 .  international travelers may be unfamiliar with many of brazil 's exotic and delicious fruits .  graviola is a pear-sized green fruit covered in prickly knobs that 's said to aid digestio .
 should juan williams ' remarks have cost him his job ? <sec> howard kurtz is the host of cnn 's `` reliable sources '' on sundays .  npr fired juan williams after he admitted he gets nervous seeing muslims on his plane .  other high-profile journalists have been fired recently for expressing opinions .  kurtz : decision to dump williams has as much to do with fox news connection as statement .
 taylor swift is nyc ambassador ? meh . <sec> taylor swift is new york 's first global welcome ambassador .  swift 's newest album features a pop ode to the city that never sleeps .  her city bona fides are questionable when compared with other lovers of ny .
 ashley judd : the ebola 'achilles ' heel ' ( opinion ) <sec> ashley judd , karl hofmann : ebola is in texas . .  u.s. ' good health system is good news .  but event highlights bad news in rest of world : huge shortage of health workers globally , they say .  why ? .  health investments made to fight specific diseases , not health systems to prevent them .  writers : governments , nonprofits , foundations must join to fund , build health system .
 brittany maynard was courageous and right ( opinion ) <sec> brittany maynard , 29 , who had cancer , ended her life under oregon 's death with dignity act .  ronald green supports efforts to expand access to physician-assisted suicide .  he says it 's an expression of respect for human freedom , autonomy and dignity .  green : why not allow people who believe differently to end their lives in way they see fit .
 juventus name agnelli as new president <sec> andrea agnelli will become the new president of juventus at the end of the current season .  agnelli takes over from jean-claude blanc , who reverts to chief executive .  bundesliga strugglers bochum sack coach heiko herrlich after a poor run of for .
 florida lifeguard says he 's been offered his job back <sec> new : company says lifeguard was trying to do the right thing .  lifeguard says he has been offered his job back , but does n't plan to return .  to save a man , lopez went outside the area that is under his company 's protection zone .  `` we have liability issues ... what he did was his own decision , '' the company say .
 miami dolphins owner delays meeting with jonathan martin <sec> new : nfl asks dolphins owner to wait before meeting with jonathan martin .  ross : `` we want to get to hear what the real facts are '' .  committee to guide changes to dolphins includes don shula and dan marino .  `` there will be no racial slurs or harassing or bullying , '' dolphin 's owner vow .
 breast cancer risk may be higher with some iud 's <sec> study of finnish women using progesterone-releasing iud found higher instance of breast cancer .  the women were using the iud to help with their heavy periods .  two earlier studies did not show such a ris .
 labor woes send shudder through beijing <sec> thousands of workers in southern guangdong province clashed with police last week to demand better pay .  it was one many to hit manufacturers as frustrated workers vent their discontent at low pay and poor conditions .  experts attribute spike in protests to employers maximizing their shrinking profits at the expense of workers .  china 's economic engine has been running out of gas lately after years of rapid growt .
 mutombo making a difference in war-torn homeland <sec> former nba star is committed to helping people in democratic republic of congo .  his foundation helps provide health care and education for many congolese .  mutombo has been a part of cnn heroes since 2007 , when he served on the blue ribbon pane .
 review : 'tower heist ' is overblinged <sec> `` tower heist '' is the cinematic version of a trump property .  murphy 's nowhere to be found in the first half .  sidibe 's self-possessed working girl is something ne .
 lionel messi rescues barcelona 's spanish title hopes <sec> lionel messi gives barcelona a 2-1 victory with his 26th league goal of season .  sunday 's win keeps second-placed spanish champion four points off the lead .  athletic bilbao had taken the lead just after halftime before pedro equalized .  benfica clinches 33rd portuguese league title with two matches to spar .
 barack obama slept here <sec> bob greene : slogan `` george washington slept here '' implied man-of-the-people event .  he says in today 's high-security environment for president , no such thing possible .  he stayed at same hotel as obama when he was in ny ; security was maddening .  greene : presidents try to stay in touch with americans , but where they go , the bubble goes to .
 volcanic ash prompts airspace closures over ireland <sec> belfast international , dublin , donegal , sligo and ireland west ( knock ) airports set to close .  volcano , weather may disrupt air travel in britain between sunday and tuesday .  transport department urges passengers to check with airlines before taking actio .
 opinion : curb russian aggression with energy independence <sec> peter morici : russia will not cede control of the crimea any time soon .  morici : near time , russia has upper hand since it supplies europe with energy .  he says europe must move quickly to develop its own gas and oil industries .  morici : russia 's aggressive policies wo n't go away unless europe gets more leverag .
 cameroon blames boko haram in french priest 's kidnapping <sec> governor orders border with nigeria closed after witnesses say militants crossed over .  french priest was snatched by boko haram , a group waging a `` war on christians '' .  state department calls boko haram a terror outfit , accusing it of thousands of killings .  bullets left in priest 's home may be warning sign that group is willing to fight , officials sa .
 iranian students barred for beliefs , say campaigners <sec> report : hundreds of iranian students rejected from university for political or religious beliefs .  `` can you solve this ? '' .  campaign using qr code and video raises awareness .  puyan mahmudian one of so-called `` starred students '' for editing student magazin .
 downadup virus exposes millions of pcs to hijack <sec> a new sleeper virus has now spread to more than eight million computers .  industry analysts say is one of the most serious infections they have ever seen .  the worm exploits a bug in microsoft 's ubiquitous windows software .  virus could allow its creators to hijack entire network .
 singer-songwriters are latest swedish imports embraced by u.s . <sec> swedish influences are being felt in america in major u.s cities such as los angeles .  swedish acts like ace of base and roxette ruled the airwaves and mtv some time ago .  today , the names to know are robyn , lykke li and swedish house mafi .
 gunmen sought in india tourist shooting ; u.s. , australia issue alerts <sec> the u.s. and australia issue safety advisories before the commonweath games .  gunmen on a motorcycle fired multiple shots at a tour bus , striking two taiwanese tourists .  tourism official : india is a safe destination for visitor .
 franz beckenbauer banned by fifa for 'failing to cooperate ' <sec> fifa bans german great franz beckenbauer from football-related activities for 90 days .  football 's ruling body says 68-year-old did not help with investigation into world cup bids .  beckenbauer had been one of fifa members to vote on 2018 and 2022 host nations .  fifa 's ethics committee is expected to release its findings at the end of jul .
 army allows sikh to keep beard , turban , uncut hair <sec> capt . .  kamaljit singh kalsi is a doctor in the u.s. army , practicing sikh .  army has granted his request for an accommodation to follow the principles of his religion .  sikh coalition has letter saying ruling applies only to kalsi 's , not a change of army polic .
 'let ronaldo go ' says fifa chief blatter <sec> cristiano ronaldo should be allowed to leave manchester utd says fifa chief .  binding players to long deals amounts to `` modern slavery '' says sepp blatter .  ronaldo was later quoted as saying : `` i agree completely with fifa president .
 linguists name 'occupy ' as 2011 's word of the year <sec> the word occupy `` took on another life '' in 2011 , american dialect society member says .  members of the society voted at the organization 's annual conference .  `` kardash '' -- in reference to kim kardashian 's short marriage -- deemed most creativ .
 columbia university seeks to change whites-only fellowship <sec> the fellowship has not been awarded since 1997 , the university says .  the terms of the fellowship required recipient to be a white iowan .  some student groups at other universities used to offer whites-only award .
 study reveals alarming hike in unmarried mothers in morocco <sec> a recent study says number of unwed mothers in morocco rose dramatically from 2008 to 2009 .  study shows 60 % of unwed mothers are younger than 26 and a third younger than 20 .  strong prejudice still remains against unwed mothers from most groups of societ .
 texans report fireball in sky , sonic booms <sec> video shot in austin , texas , shows meteor-like object in sky sunday morning .  fireball sightings , reports of sonic booms come days after satellite collision in space .  faa told u.s. pilots to watch for `` falling space debris '' .  no reports of ground strikes or interference with aircraft , faa spokesman say .
 scout takes comfort in haiti relief work <sec> many of haiti 's 10,000 boys and girls scouts contribute to earthquake relief .  `` it is important to involve young people right from the start , '' care official says .  scouts help even though they have lost homes , family member .
 dr. oz dietary supplements under investigation <sec> `` dr. oz '' host is asked why he promotes weight loss products without scientific backing .  sen. claire mccaskill says products give people `` false hope '' .  in may , the ftc sued the sellers of green coffee beans for false claims .  ftc says some companies used video from `` the dr. oz show '' to increase sale .
 bp still collecting from well as oil hits florida panhandle <sec> new : bp official `` pleased '' with containment progress .  new : alabama mayor confronts bp official .  bp collects 250,000 gallons of oil in first 24 hours of funneling .  bp hopes to increase that amount as pressure in cap ease .
 drug shortage leads to condemned man receiving anesthetic for animals <sec> john david duty executed with drug used to euthanize animals because of sedative shortage .  pentobarbital is an anesthetizing drug widely used to euthanize dogs , cats and other animals . .  duty believed to be first inmate executed using pentobarbital as part of drug cocktail .
 nas , bone thugs-n-harmony , wiz khalifa announced for rock the bells <sec> rza , bone thugs-n-harmony and more will perform at hip-hop festival rock the bells .  bone thugs will perform their 1995 album `` e. 1999 eternal '' in full .  presale will start this friday , may 18 , at 10 a.m. p .
 california nuclear plant shut indefinitely amid hunt to find cause of problems <sec> new : anti-nuclear activists warn of a potential environmental catastrophe .  the san onofre nuclear plant has been shut down since radioactive gas escaped .  officials have said there 's no harm to the public health , but ca n't identify problem 's cause .  the head of the nrc says the plant wo n't restart until a cause and plan is put forwar .
 first soccer , rugby players diagnosed with cte <sec> a new study identifies cte in soccer and rugby players .  cte can develop from repeated blows to the head .  the research raises questions about `` heading '' in socce .
 37 dead in waves of storms across midwest , south <sec> new : a woman recalls her father , killed in indiana , as being full of joy and laughter .  the tornado that hit southern indiana had winds between 166 and 200 mph .  18 died in kentucky due to the severe weather , including 5 in laurel county .  ohio 's governor vows , `` we 're knocked down , but we 're not knocked out .
 mlk day 2010 : discussion and activities <sec> monday , january 18 , 2010 is martin luther king jr. day .  use these questions and activities to address the holiday and the man whom it honors .  feel free to adapt these questions and activities to accommodate students of different grade levels and learning style .
 arrests made at wesleyan after overdoses of drug molly <sec> the batch of molly might have had a mix of different designer drugs , police say .  molly is a synthetic drug with dangerous effect .
 jewelry goes missing from lohan shoot <sec> police are investigating disappearance of jewelry from lindsay lohan photo shoot .  lohan was doing photo spread for elle magazine .  magazine : `` no reason to believe that lindsay lohan was in any way responsible '' .  lohan 's representative told cnn the actress was `` happy to cooperate .
 white christmas : high spirits on trapped ship <sec> an expedition vessel has been stuck in frozen seas off antarctica this week .  three ice-breaking rescue ships are expected to reach the trapped vessel by friday night .  expedition leader , chris turney : high morale of people onboard kept everyone going .  turney : `` we 've got a large team coming to help us , it 's incredible .
 this is not the 2015 of 'back to the future ii ' <sec> in the film , marty mcfly traveled to october 21 , 2015 .  there were flying cars and hoverboards .  a futurist says they got some things righ .
 the link between saris and cholera <sec> rita colwell has been studying cholera for half a century .  her team discovered an innovative way to control the disease in bangladesh .  research has shown cholera is related to global warming , she says .  clean water availability is not `` one-size-fits-all .
 euro crisis down to confidence , not currency , says german foreign minister <sec> westerwelle : the euro is stable , but the 'real crisis is regaining market confidence ' .  german foreign minister in hong kong as part of germany 's two-day summit in china .  westerwelle said it was essential that greece and others to maintain paths toward reform .  `` there can be no good future for germany without a good future for a united europe .
 how the rock and other celebs are celebrating <sec> the rock performed in a onesie .  taylor swift 's dad got her lint rollers .  beyonce had a cold christma .
