 record rain in karachi kills dozens <sec> by sunday , karachi had received almost 9 inches ( 22.9 cm ) of rain , mayor says .  last time city received as much rainfall was in 1977 , mayor adds .  deaths mostly from drowning , wall or roof collapses , health department official say .
 in killer 's world , victims get blamed <sec> emily lindin : elliot rodger is part of a culture that says nice guys are entitled to sex with women .  lindin : extremely misogynistic sites promote view that women are prizes , not actual people .  lindin : facebook page created by proponents was called `` elliot rodger is an american hero '' .  she says we need to eradicate this hate by openly talking about it to children , communitie .
 snow leopard cub plays with , steals hidden camera <sec> there are an estimated 4,500 to 7,500 snow leopards remaining in the wild .  the cub may have been drawn to the noises the camera made , rakowski says .  the large cat 's organs are used in traditional chinese medicin .
 qatar 's six-star hotel ... for horses <sec> six-star luxury hotel features pool , solarium , and an unlikely guest .  umm qarn stud farm in qatar is breeding ground for race horses .  farm celebrates winning 2013 emir 's sword , with stallion tabarak .  part of qatar 's huge investment in horse racing at home and abroa .
 do n't be a jerk en route to turkey dinner <sec> more than 43 million americans are expected to travel over the holiday , 39 million by car .  long-haul truck driver cautions drivers about cutting it close with big rigs .  tsa agents , flight attendant urge travelers to research the rules ahead of tim .
 over the line : goal tech to be used at 2014 world cup <sec> fifa confirms that goal-line technology will be used at the 2014 world cup .  technology was successfully trialled at last year 's club world cup in japan .  system will be in place for confederations cup in brazil this june .  fifa has opened tender and is expecting multiple bids for right .
 trading cards profile a geek a week for an entire year <sec> hollywood has a thriving community of nerds , according to len peralta .  the trading card format conveys a lot of information to the geek audience .  geek a week brings successful geeks to a more mainstream audienc .
 terrorists should be tried in court <sec> obama administration now reconsidering trying 9/11 defendants in court .  former military defense lawyer david frakt says terrorists have long been tried in court .  military commissions do n't have the courts ' long record of achievement , he says .  frakt : let 's show the world our `` reverence for the rule of law .
 soccer player honors dead son with goal <sec> billy sharp reveals a t-shirt saying , `` that 's for you son '' .  sharp 's son luey died saturday , two days after he was born .  `` my goal had to be something special tonight for my special boy , '' sharp says .  fans honored sharp and his family with a minute of applause before the matc .
 fashion puts on the dog <sec> dogs ruled in new york during pet fashion week .  dazzling couture designs trotted down the runway .  upscale pet accessories , apparel , and lifestyle items on display .  design awards encourage pushing the envelope in styl .
 30 years later , questions remain over sadat killing , peace with israel <sec> egyptian president was assassinated in october 1981 .  sadat 's daughter has implicated hosni mubarak .  relations with israel have deteriorated this yea .
 david cameron branded 'ludicrous ' over 'yid ' debate <sec> british prime minister david cameron backs tottenham fans ' right to use the word 'yid ' .  section of spurs fans , both jewish and non-jewish , refer to themselves as the `` yid army '' and spurs players as `` yiddos '' . .  football association has threatened to prosecute fans for using the term at matche .
 gattuso hit with four-match ban for head-butt <sec> uefa ban ac milan midfielder gennaro gattuso for four matches .  gattuso head-butted tottenham 's assistant manager during a champions league tie .  the 33-year-old later apologized to joe jordan for his actions .  milan lost 1-0 to the english club and will play the second leg next wee .
 end of an era for serena williams <sec> serena williams is no longer working with hitting partner sascha bajin .  bajin , who worked with williams for eight years , is now with victoria azarenka .  bajin skipped this year 's australian open as williams won major no . .  19 .  azarenka 's coach , wim fissette , is thrilled to have bajin in her tea .
 thousands stranded by floods in eastern australia <sec> queensland and new south wales are suffering major flooding .  emergency officials issue evacuation orders for many communities .  supplies are flown into some towns cut off by flooding .  residents are urged not to walk or drive through flood waters because of the injury ris .
 leadbetter 's lessons : top tips from one of golf 's best coaches <sec> golf 's best-known coaches have set up academies all around the world .  they cater for young players , professionals and weekend warriors .  one-on-one tuition is expensive but cheaper options are available .  working with golf 's top names helps coaches establish their empire .
 world 's weirdest hotels <sec> guests can mellow out inside wine casks in the netherlands .  a sleek cape town , south africa , hotel has an airstream trailer park on the roof .  a costa rica hotel offers stays inside a salvaged airplan .
 unions protest spanish labor reforms <sec> new : `` there 's no future for young people here , '' says a protester .  demonstrators pack the streets of madrid , marching against labor reform measures .  government officials say the labor reforms will reduce unemployment .  about 5.2 million people in spain are jobles .
 man runs marathon every day for a year <sec> belgian runner sets new world record by running a marathon a day for the last year .  stefaan engels has run 365 marathons covering 9,569 miles in seven countries .  the 49-year-old completed final marathon in barcelona , spain , on saturday .  engels already held the world record for finishing 20 iron man triathlons in one yea .
 tsunami aid and relief : how you can help <sec> world mobilizing to help japan after 9.0-magnitude earthquake and tsunami .  charities providing immediate assistance to survivors .  if you want to help , donations can be as simple as sending a text or following a twitter fee .
 demand may grow for jackson merchandise <sec> new : sold jackson items on ebay increase 210 percent compared to last week .  plenty of michael jackson merchandise goes on sale .  online auction site ebay boasts thousands of items from t-shirts to soda .  memorabilia expert predicts jackson autograph to at least double in pric .
 rickie fowler 's ryder cup : pride , pressure and ping pong <sec> rickie fowler says 2014 ryder cup is one united states `` need '' to win .  fowler finished in the top five of all four major championships in 2014 .  the 25-year-old enjoys pressure and playing ping pong with u.s. teammates .  californian made his ryder cup debut in 2010 at celtic manor in wale .
 why europe deserved the peace prize <sec> pierpaolo barbieri : nobel peace prize awarded to european union stirred controversy .  he says the eu helps ensure peace after a century of war and dictatorship .  europe is the world 's largest market , offering an arena for trade and commerce , he says .  barbieri : europe financial crisis reveals need for reform , but eu is still worth havin .
 syria : 'constructive ' talks , but little headway <sec> new : at least 64 are killed in syria on friday , an opposition group reports .  putin : obama `` does n't agree with me , i do n't agree with him . .  but we listened to each other '' .  obama says he and putin had `` candid , constructive '' talks on the syria crisis .  state department orders nonessential personnel to leave u.s. embassy in beiru .
 exploring the backwaters of india 's kerala state <sec> the kerala backwaters are made up of lakes , canals and rivers that stretch down the coast .  traditional houseboats are a great way to take in the local way of life .  homestay emerald isle heritage villa is a riverside heritage house with its own far .
 report : north korea test-fires more missiles <sec> north korea five scud-type missiles saturday that can reach 400 to 500 km .  south korea has called the launches `` a provocative act '' .  u.s. diplomat : `` this type of north korea behavior is not helpful '' .  pyongyang test-fired four such missiles off the east coast thursda .
 watch out : there 's danger in your wallet <sec> clark howard : banks raising interest rates on credit cards by 20 percent or more .  even people with good credit ratings who pay on time are getting hit , howard says .  in 2010 , rules will stop banks from retroactively raising rate on existing balances .  howard advises consumers to pay down or pay off credit card deb .
 american samoa , one of soccer 's worst teams , scores first ever win <sec> the team is ranked 204th in fifa soccer standings .  it made the record books when it lost to australia 30-1 .  it lost 30 consecutive games before its win against tong .
 how to banish flextime resentment <sec> alicia bassuk : article reports tension between workers with children and those without .  she says it should n't be so ; workplaces that value contribution over face time do better .  she says working parents often more efficient ; nonparents go out , sometimes not available .  bassuk : companies ' with enlightened view about flextime , remove resnetment as an issu .
 china : obama visit with dalai lama has 'harmed sino-u.s. relations ' <sec> new : `` this action seriously interfered with china 's internal affairs , '' spokesman says .  obama pushes for 'direct dialogue ' between dalai lama , chinese .  u.s. does not support independence for tibet , white house says .  dalal lama is visiting u.s. lawmakers in washington on an 11-day tri .
 judge : california boy murdered neo-nazi dad , knew it was wrong <sec> a boy , then 10 , fatally shot his father in 2011 as he was sleeping on a couch .  the father was a leader in the national socialist movement , a neo-nazi group .  prosecutors argued domestic issues , not the dad 's background , led to death .  a judge finds it `` true '' the boy committed murder and understood it was wron .
 gao investigators : some student pilots in u.s. illegally <sec> gao chief investigator says he found `` weaknesses '' in the tsa 's vetting process .  tsa deems number of pilots in u.s. illegally `` sensitive security information , '' he says .  tsa vets student pilots against terror watch lists and conducts criminal checks .  but the agency does n't vet them against immigration databases , gao official say .
 ptsd : 9 questions , answered <sec> thoughts and feelings can trigger symptoms of ptsd .  experiencing any kind of trauma or dangerous event raises the risk for ptsd .  ptsd does not always lead to violent behavio .
 defending champion wiggins out of tour de france <sec> defending champion bradley wiggins withdraws from the 2013 tour de france .  the british cyclist has failed to recover from an ongoing knee injury .  wiggins was forced to pull out of the giro d'italia with a chest infection .  wiggins was set to support chris froome 's bid for success at this year 's rac .
 mongolia tries to stop sale of rare dinosaur fossil <sec> new : auctioned fossil is almost certainly from mongolia , paleontologist says .  sunday 's $ 1 million sale of a tarbosaurus bataar skeleton is contingent on court case .  mongolia 's president says selling his country 's fossils is illegal .  sales of fossils , other relics have long been controversia .
 new book chronicles epic court fight over capital punishment <sec> supreme court struck down capital punishment in 1972 , but executions resumed four years later .  evan mandery gives insider 's look at legal and social forces dividing the court in turbulent times .  court operated in almost complete isolation , which produced some bizarre results .  justices are actors with `` different views at different times '' and are part of `` messy history , '' mandery say .
 'dancing with the stars ' returns with a face-lift <sec> `` dancing with the stars '' gets a makeover for its 18th season premiere .  it includes a new band , a twist on voting and a new co-host .  top performances of the night were from candace cameron bure and charlie white .  at the bottom was billy dee william .
 violence erupts in wake of gabon election result <sec> ali bongo , son of gabon 's former president declared the winner of election .  opposition supporters protest outside the french consulate in city of port-gentil .  voters went to the polls on sunday to elect successor to president omar bong .
 coast guard interviews rafters rescued by 2 cruise ships <sec> cruise ships pick up people on two rafts off florida this week .  at least some of the rafters may be cuban .  coast guard is holding the rafters until interviews are complet .
 clinging to power : does the uk still matter ? <sec> whoever wins may 7 election must answer this question , says simon tisdall : what is , or should be , britain 's role in the world ? .  tisdall : maintaining u.s. relationship is most important foreign policy challenge facing britain 's pm after may 7 .  but foreign policy and key 21st century issues , such as climate change , have barely been mentioned , he write .
 trayvon 's dad : my heart is broken , my faith is not <sec> new : attorney says martin family is in secure location , will go to church sunday .  new : tracy martin and sybrina fulton had been in court for most of the trial .  new : george zimmerman 's brother says he will pray for family .  martin sent out three tweets ; fulton sent on .
 opinion : 10 reasons iran took the deal <sec> banafsheh keynoush : iran has many things to gain .  she says it can help keep various sides in iran happy .  it limits nuclear weapon development at home .  and the deal reduces the likelihood of military action from abroa .
 can olympic skiing be made safer ? <sec> tj lanning among those sidelined by injuries after skiing accidents .  number of injuries increases as technology improvements allow for higher speeds .  panel has convened to make racing safer for the athletes .  it 's looking at course preparation , take-off points , redesigned gates and medical procedure .
 big guns await champions league draw <sec> champions league draw being made in monaco on thursday .  32 sides have qualified for the group stages led by title holders inter milan .  the teams are split into eight groups of four teams with the top two going throug .
 guantanamo : u.s. eyes dozens of transfers - cnnpolitics.com <sec> as many as 5 detainees are expected to be moved in the next few days , official says .  news comes less than a week after 4 detainees were repatriated to afghanistan .  president obama tells cnn he 's `` going to be doing everything i can to close it . '' .  guantanamo bay has held nearly 800 detainees ; there are now 13 .
 to beat isis , focus on young people ( opinion ) <sec> kenya has been marking a year since the westgate mall attack , which claimed 67 lives .  focus on young people in defeating isis , kenyan president uhuru , kenyatta writes .  demand transparency and responsibility from all institutions , kenyatta say .
 attack on climate scientist just latest in a long line <sec> oreskes , conway : 255 scientists wrote letter to reiterate global warming findings .  authors : letter came after attack on scientist whose work shows human impact on climate .  they say attacks similar to those aimed at science on ddt , second-hand smoke , acid rain .  common to all , they say , is link to think tanks promoting free markets , opposing regulation .
 simon beats almagro to lift hamburg title <sec> gilles simon beats nicolas almagro to win the german tennis championships .  frenchman beats his spanish opponent 6-4 4-6 6-4 in hamburg .  simon 's win will take him to number 11 in the world ranking .
 chris brown dodges jail again ; judge keeps the singer in rehab <sec> judge rejects prosecutor 's motion to throw chris brown in jail .  prosecutor : brown 's violent outbursts are `` increasing in severity and intensity '' .  probation officer : brown `` is doing well in the program and making great strides '' in rehab .  brown returns to court on february 28 when judge will again consider jail for hi .
 lawyer : police prevented bhutto autopsy <sec> new : new video proves bhutto shot , widower says .  doctors claim pakistani police prevented an autopsy on benazir bhutto .  lawyer athar minallah said the move violated pakistani criminal law .  police chief aziz saud said he suggested autopsy but bhutto 's widower objecte .
 clark gable 's son arrested <sec> john clark gable is arrested in malibu , california .  the 52-year-old is the son of legendary actor clark gable .  it 's not the first time a gable family member has been arreste .
 obama consoles grieving bostonians , says we 'll 'finish the race ' <sec> obama has had to offer words to a grieving nation on several occasions .  americans look to a president to act as `` consoler-in-chief '' .  obama 's natural `` preacher-like '' style lends itself to speeches designed to sooth ; rall .
 it 's the hardest question in gaza <sec> for residents fleeing violence in one neighborhood , there are almost no options .  a cnn crew got a glimpse of the inferno being fled in gaza .  local schools acting as emergency shelters are overwhelmed .  `` do n't stay long . .  it 's not safe here , '' a local journalist tells cnn cre .
 15 amazing spots to find natural bridges <sec> natural arches around the world are made of rock , with a hole formed by natural forces .  natural bridges are arches where water is the force making the hole .  stunning natural bridges can be found all over the world .  the world 's longest is the fairy bridge in china , experts sa .
 father charged with abuse for treatment of son on harbor cruise <sec> sloan steven briles , 35 , of irvine , california , is charged with felony child abuse .  boy , 7 , ended up in the water , in the path of oncoming boats .  father allegedly was under the influence of alcohol at the time .  briles has said he 's doing nothing wrong and `` we were having fun .
 kanye west : love is more important than branding <sec> kanye west opens up about his romance with kim kardashian in w magazine .  he says his love for her prompted him to appear on 'keeping up with the kardashians ' .  the love they share is also the reason she 's willing to be criticized for his style choice .
 she donates kidney ; he proposes <sec> taesha benson was a perfect match for boyfriend travis spire-sweet .  she donated a kidney to him earlier this year .  spire-sweet proposed at a kansas city royals game this wee .
 south african soccer chief suspended in match-fixing scandal <sec> south african football association president suspended amid match-fixing claims .  kirsten nematandani and four officials named in a fifa report .  the results of four south africa friendlies ahead of 2010 world cup pre-arranged .  vice president chief mwelo nonkonyana set to take interim charge of the bod .
 gary owens , 'laugh-in ' announcer , dead at 80 <sec> owens , 80 , died thursday surrounded by relatives at his los angeles area home , his son says .  `` his body just kind of failed , '' his son say .
 style bloggers to follow in any season <sec> those who stand out in sea of fashion bloggers have carved out a niche and unique voice .  `` when you read their blog you do n't just see pretty pictures , '' blog expert says .  independent fashion bloggers and stylecaster provide picks of reliable , interesting blog .
 nashville 's opryland brimming with holiday spirit <sec> ice ! .  in the gaslight theater includes an ice sculpture of the grinch .  the decorations began going up in july for a country christmas .  opry mills , the outlet mall just down the road , offers great shoppin .
 china 's capital still getting kick from 2008 olympic party <sec> analyst : beijing has many expensive white elephant facilities from 2008 olympic games .  the summer games ' legacy has also been positive with more people playing sport .  florcruz : many beijingers remain proud of having hosted the sporting showpiece .  evidence of strong support in china for the 2012 olympic games in londo .
 nkotb , tlc , nelly announce summer tour <sec> new kids on the block is touring with tlc and nelly this summer .  tickets go on sale january 3 .
 the rolling stones play impromptu gig <sec> the rolling stones performed at a small paris club on thursday night .  the band tweeted about the secret show just hours before they took the stage .  350 tickets were up for grabs at €15 a pop , thought 600 people were in attendanc .
