 high court accepts case over violent video games <sec> supreme court to rule on california law banning sales of some video games to minors .  game makers say their voluntary ratings system is all that 's needed to guide parents .  state says it must protect children because industry has n't .  law bans sales to kids of games where player can kill , maim , rape other character .
 german billionaire kills self , family says <sec> adolf merckle was no . .  94 on forbes list of world 's richest people .  merckle 's net worth estimated to be $ 9.2 billion .  billionaire was killed by a train in german town of ulm .  family says financial woes `` broke the passionate family business man .
 opinion : daily mail endangers press freedom <sec> this week regulation of britain 's newspaper industry is back in the spotlight .  alastair campbell says in wake of hacking scandal , papers should be on good behavior .  daily mail 's attack on labour leader ed miliband 's father threatens freedoms - campbell .  he says mail itself is worst polluter of standards and debaser in public lif .
 'mother robin ' wins cnn hero of the year <sec> robin lim was named the 2011 cnn hero of the year on sunday night .  she has helped thousands of poor indonesian women have a healthy pregnancy and birth .  the annual show honors the top 10 cnn heroes and names one of them hero of the yea .
 flapping tarp leads to arrest of boston bombing suspect <sec> suspect dzhokar tsarnaev hides in a covered boat in a watertown backyard .  boat owner david henneberry notices a section of loose tarp .  one of the bindings has been cut .  henneberry sees a pool of blood in the boat and calls 91 .
 'civilization ' creator : games are taking over the world <sec> sid meier 's `` civilization '' game launched in 1991 .  the director at firaxis games is considered to be one of the great game designers .  meier : `` i wanted to make a game that was fun to play . .  where it is today , i would n't have dreamed .
 missouri man charged in death of 10-year-old hailey owens <sec> craig michael wood , 45 , is charged with first-degree murder .  he 's being held without bond , an official says .  hailey owens , 10 , was abducted in springfield , missouri , tuesday afternoon .  it was n't immediately clear whether the girl knew her alleged kille .
 man convicted in connecticut home invasion : 'i just snapped ' <sec> steven hayes spoke to the new haven register from prison .  he and joshua komisarjevsky have been sentenced to death .  `` i started to lose it ... .  i just snapped , '' he told the newspaper .  mother , two daughters were killed in home invasion , fire in 200 .
 visitors to get new look at part of colosseum <sec> colosseum plans to open underground corridor in august .  gladiators once prepared for battle in passageways .  animals also kept in underground sectio .
 female phenom pitcher strikes opponents out , one boy at a time <sec> 13-year-old chelsea baker has been recognized by the national baseball hall of fame .  she boasts two perfect games to her record .  her knuckleball is known to make her male opponents cr .
 pilot : how did gyrocopter make it onto capitol lawn ? <sec> les abend : how did gyrocopter fly on to capitol grounds when faa , defense forces keep tight rein on airspace ? .  he says gyrocopter may be lightweight and slow enough that it evaded radar .  he says it 's unlikely such a flight could pose a serious dange .
 opinion : hillary clinton , a mistake for 2016 <sec> democrats seem poised to let hillary clinton inherit nomination in 2016 , writes david frum .  he says after eight years in the white house , democrats should reassess their future .  picking hillary clinton would be a backward-looking move , he says .  frum : clinton would arrive in office without a platform or much of a mandat .
 backers raise cash for tesla museum honoring 'cult hero ' <sec> backers have launched a campaign to create a museum for inventor nikola tesla .  tesla , `` the father of the electric age , '' had a laboratory in new york before going broke .  creator of `` the oatmeal , '' matthew inman , has raised $ 750,000 via indiegogo .  tesla , who died in 1943 , foresaw wireless communication and clean energ .
 remains of 2 more boys identified at fla. reformatory <sec> the second and third sets of remains have been idenfied through dna .  the dozier school for boys in marianna , florida , closed in 2011 .  about 50 unmarked graves have been found on the school grounds .  researchers are trying to locate and identify remains of student .
 tourist video shows riot , flames in tibetan capital <sec> michael smith shot video of anti-chinese rioting in lhasa , tibet , last week .  the australian tourist videotaped tibetans smashing windows , setting fires .  once home , smith shared his video with australia 's abc new .
 united airlines fixes computer glitch that led to grounded flights <sec> new : airline spokesman says `` network connectivity issue '' is to blame .  new : united allows passengers to book new flights without penalty .  outage shuts down departures , reservation system for several hours .  problem creates long lines of stranded passengers in u.s. airport .
 georgetown university student accused of ricin possession <sec> student said he made ricin , fbi affidavit says .  daniel h. milzman , 19 , ordered held until next hearing .  substance could have potentially killed had it been inhaled or injected , court document says .  georgetown checks out dorm and campus is safe ; no one has reported exposure to rici .
 style mavens flock to fashion 's night out <sec> fashion 's night out was created four years ago to help the struggling clothing industry .  fans connect with the fashion community on a more personal level at the event .  some proceeds benefit the new york city aids fund in the ny community trus .
 satellite tech powers 3g revolution for rural africa <sec> figures show 31 million africans now have mobile broadband subscriptions .  satellite technology being used to reach rural african communities , detached from the internet revolution .  governments must also play a role in helping to provide affordable handsets and service .
 after release on dwi charge , faa administrator made test flight <sec> babbitt was arrested on a drunk-driving charge saturday night .  on monday he was co-pilot on a government flight from dc to north carolina .  the proficiency flight was scheduled before the arrest , officials said .  babbitt resigned as head of the faa on tuesday ; flight broke no rule .
 opinion : bring laguardia out of the third world <sec> vice president biden compared laguardia airport to being in a third world country .  authors : u.s. has let its airports fall far behind the curve internationally .  they say politicians need to make improving laguardia and others a priority .  authors : laguardia needs new terminals , better transportation and more amenitie .
 cookie dough inquiry nearly over , but without answers <sec> fda says toll house samples do n't contain particular strain of e. coli .  nestle recalled all dough made at virginia plant after outbreak .  74 people in 32 states were sickened ; there were no deaths .  plant resuming test production of cookie doug .
 official : signs of progress as idaho wildfires rage <sec> new : official : firefighters are `` making good progress '' battling beaver creek blaze .  new : so far , the fire has scorched 106,000 and cost $ 11.6 million , officials say .  new : officials now say they are `` cautiously optimistic '' about containing the blaz .
 police : grandfather shoots father , grandson fires back <sec> authorities in north carolina respond to a double shooting in kittrell .  a sheriff says that an 84-year-old man shot his son .  then , the older man 's 11-year-old grandson shot back , the sheriff adds .  the grandfather , who was shot once with a 12-gauge shotgun , die .
 the job that pays 95 times more than obama 's <sec> european media reports suggest kaka is being offered a $ 726,000 weekly pay .  the u.s. president earns about $ 7690 per week ( plus other benefits ) .  world footballer of the year cristiano ronaldo is paid $ 177,000 a wee .
 flood warning for drought-hit east africa <sec> u.n. humanitarian agency : east african nations facing flooding , mudslides .  warning comes after months of drought in region which has decimated greenery .  rainy season in horn of africa usually begins in mid-october , runs to end of year .  kenya , somalia , tanzania , uganda , djibouti , eritrea , ethiopia set to be affecte .
 sperm , groceries , and mail : why bike is best for precious cargo <sec> research suggests that 90 % of grocery trips could be made by bicycle .  cargo bikes could accommodate half of all deliveries made in urban centers .  though delivery trucks account for 3 % eu of traffic , they contribute to 18 % of fatal accident .
 police chief leaves gun unsecured , finds boy dead at home <sec> new hampshire police chief is cited after his fiream is used by a teenager for suicide .  the weapon was left unsecured while the chief was away from home on errands , authorities say .  dead is the 15-year-old son of the chief 's girlfriend .  chief is cited with improperly storing a gu .
 cuba launches its own online encyclopedia <sec> users can update entries on the site if they 're approved by administrators .  one of the longest entries is about fidel castro .  the site says the u.s. has taken territory and resources from other countries by forc .
 opinion : botched executions ca n't be the new norm <sec> four men have been subjected to botched executions this year , authors say .  in arizona , it took joseph wood two hours to die .  authors say states veil their procedures in secrecy , contributing to the problem .  states must disclose much more information and courts should review process , they sa .
 airasia flight qz8501 : what role did weather play ? <sec> airasia flight disappears during journey to singapore .  pilots requested diversion due to bad weather .  `` bad weather per se does not bring down aircraft , '' says cnn 's richard quest .  thunderstorms could have been too high for plane to fly ove .
 let 's take politics out of gun research <sec> michael halpern : we need scientific research on gun violence to inform policy .  halpern : the nra pressured congress to end gun violence research at cdc .  researchers free from conflicts of interest should work with policy makers , he says .  also , we must open our minds to findings that disagree with our beliefs , he write .
 analysis : finding right tone in condemning north korea <sec> term `` act of war '' is missing in u.s. response to sinking of south korean warship .  hillary clinton : u.s. `` working hard to avoid an escalation , belligerence and provocation '' .  north korea has denied responsibility for the march 26 sinking of ship .  `` this is a very sensitive period . .  you have to be very careful , '' analyst says of situatio .
 rep. jackson leaves mayo clinic after bipolar disorder treatment <sec> rep. jesse jackson jr. was last seen on capitol hill in late may .  he got treatment at the mayo clinic for bipolar depression .  asked whether jackson will be back at work monday , a top aide says , `` we hope .
 one move too far : how iraq 's nuri al-maliki overreached in anbar <sec> recent fighting in anbar province poses serious challenge to iraqi government .  al qaeda-linked militants reportedly fighting alongside tribal leaders in fallujah .  2013 was deadliest year in iraq since 2008 .  u.s. and coalition forces suffered some of worst losses during iraq war in anbar provinc .
 superb gay lays down berlin marker to bolt <sec> tyson gay powers to 200m victory in 20 seconds dead at london grand prix .  gay has been struggling with a groin injury ahead of the world championships .  american is set to take on usain bolt over 100 and 200m in berlin next month .  bolt anchors racers tc to victory in sprint relay in 37.46 second .
 palin family attended party , where fight broke out <sec> sarah palin and family attend a party in anchorage on saturday night , where a fight took place .  `` alcohol was believed to have been a factor in the incident , '' anchorage police say .  no charges were pressed ; cnn has n't confirmed blog reports on braw .
 in libya , fears of oil field attack grow <sec> new : libya 'denies existence of threats , ' assures 'the benghazi security situation is stable ' .  britain says there 's a 'specific and imminent threat to westerners in benghazi ' .  u.s. says the potential of violence , kidnappings is 'significant ' .  threat comes nearly a week after the algerian gas plant siege ende .
 italy arrests linked to brussels 'al qaeda ' recruiting network <sec> italy arrests of two men spurs european terror alert .  pair closely tied to a brussels-based al qaeda recruiting network , officials say .  italy charged them with being leaders of a logistical support team for al qaed .
 'darth vader ' was a mute during childhood <sec> voice of darth vader was a mute for nearly 10 years as a child .  james earl jones suffered from a stutter as a boy but overcame it to star in over 100 films .  returned to the theater in 2008 to play big daddy in classic drama `` cat on a hot tin roof .
 five don't-miss caribbean beach bars <sec> cocktail seekers are in good shape in the caribbean .  cnn.com highlights five drinking establishments with different vibes .  the infiniti bar is the caribbean 's longest bar at 90 fee .
 edison chen : online exclusive <sec> exclusive online only extra footage from talk asia 's edison chen interview .  chen talks about how the scandal affected his family .  gives his thoughts on what he thinks he has learnt from the experience .  watch the full talk asia interview with edison che .
 immigrants in south africa fear for future <sec> wave of deadly anti-immigrant violence has caused thousands to flee their homes in south africa .  immigrants fear further attacks despite clamp down by authorities .  `` how am i going to pay the rent and feed my wife ? '' .  says one ma .
 yelena isinbayeva : the russian queen of pole-vaulting <sec> world and olympic pole vault champion yelena isinbayeva dominates her sport .  has broken the world record 15 times since 2003 ; first woman to clear 5m .  media-friendly looks and talent have made her very bankable sports star .
 court halts same-sex marriages in arkansas <sec> a state judge in arkansas earlier struck down same-sex marriage ban .  arkansas supreme court grants a stay , thus preventing more such marriages .  status of couples who got marriage licenses is unclea .
 italians fired up over ad featuring michelangelo 's david toting rifle <sec> minister to gun manufacturer : stop using michelangelo 's david statue in ad .  the ad shows david holding an ar-501a1 rifle and the words `` a work of art '' .  museum officials say david 's image is copyrighted to italy , state news says .  armalite 's ad has been out since at least last may , but just got italy 's attentio .
 gadhafi 's daughter : 'my father is a symbol , a guide ' <sec> ayesha gadhafi is the libyan leader 's only daughter .  she says the uprising and nato campaign have brought her family together .  `` contrary to what has been said , our family is still very tight , '' she says .  gadhafi 's daughter says her father will not step dow .
 evidence of armstrong doping 'overwhelming , ' agency says <sec> new : armstrong 's lawyer says witnesses should have been cross examined .  armstrong has long denied using performance-enhancing drugs .  former teammate testified armstrong use a drug called epo , report says .  other teammates said they were shown how to avoid positive drug test .
 why are we still paying for hotel wi-fi ? <sec> many hotels still charge guests for wi-fi access and prices are often inconsistent .  some hotel chains say wi-fi should be free , others say they need to offset investment .  tiered payment system could see extra charges for downloading movie .
 hannah anderson is trying to be strong , friends say <sec> kidnapping survivor hannah anderson is `` acting strong for everyone '' a friend says .  a psychotherapist says she sees signs of strength in hannah 's online postings .  but she says grief will catch up with the girl after the spotlight fades .  authorities rescued hannah last weeken .
 powerful earthquake kills 57 in indonesia <sec> new : at least 57 killed , another 400 injured , says disaster agency .  tsunami watch quickly expires , pacific tsunami warning center says .  older buildings damaged in tasikmalaya in indonesian island of java , witness says .  series of quakes hit indonesia 's sumatra island three weeks ag .
 opinion : scandal shines spotlight on murky horse trade <sec> roly owers says public must be made aware of appalling consequences of horse trade .  every year around 65,000 horses are crammed into trucks and transported across europe .  few , if any of them , are fit enough to travel on such long journeys , owers say .
 one country two systems : how hong kong remains separate <sec> hong kong 's `` one country , two systems '' governance guarantees the city a high degree of autonomy .  the relationship between hong kong and china is often complex .  british colonial legacy and institutions , as well as historical , cultural , economic , legal and lifestyle differences , remai .
 'drum major ' quote on mlk memorial to be corrected <sec> inscription on king memorial in washington to be corrected .  critics were unhappy with 'drum major ' quote abbreviation .  monday is martin luther king jr. da .
 pakistani capital bops to american jazz beat <sec> three new yorkers and a texan make up the ari roland jazz quartet .  they are part of a cultural exchange program designed to win pakistani hearts and minds .  relations between the u.s. and pakistani governments are particularly strained .  u.s. officials accuse pakistan 's top spy agency of harboring extremist .
 uk deaths in afghanistan surpass toll in iraq <sec> uk military deaths in afghanistan now at 184 , five more than in iraq .  15 british lives lost in past 10 days in afghanistan 's helmand province .  uk forces have joined with u.s. , afghan troops in offensive in helmand .  drive in helmand is part of effort to secure country before august election .
 look who 's back : bob barker hosts 'the price is right ' <sec> bob barker returned to host `` the price is right '' on wednesday .  barker , 91 , had retired as host in 200 .
 at & t exec says problems soon without t-mobile merger <sec> at & t mobility ceo ralph de la vega says the network faces short-term problems .  t-mobile usa 's assets could alleviate the troubles at & t faces , he says .  but at & t faces a potentially long regulatory approval proces .
 vandals mark racial slurs , images on jackie robinson statue <sec> new : schumer calls act a `` dagger in the heart '' .  someone wrote the n-word and drew a swastika on the statue .  robinson was the first african-american player in the major leagues .  officials are reviewing security video to try to identify who did i .
 india 's marathon election ends <sec> voting in the month-long exercise was spread across 28 states .  india is scheduled to hold the vote count on saturday .  prime minister manmohan singh 's congress party seeking re-electio .
 opinion : do n't stay silent on sexual abuse <sec> allison brennan : i was sexually abused when i was a child ; it 's not easy to reveal this .  brennan : to heal , victims need to be able to talk about what happened to them .  she says many victims are afraid to speak out because they feel ashamed or scared .  brennan : talking about it sends a message to society to pay more attention to this issu .
 is dubai the center of the world ( again ) ? <sec> dubai 's fortunes have revived since real estate crash and debt restructuring .  in a generation , dubai has graduated from village to global financial center , demographic microcosm .  city has become crucial outpost for china ; 2,000 chinese companies registered there .  country is open and tolerant ; parag khanna says freedom of expression has suffere .
 'unanswered questions ' in search for washington toddler left in car by mother <sec> new : both parents of the missing boy are cooperating , police say .  belleveue , washington , police : mother said she ran out of gas and went to get help .  she left the boy , 2 , in the car and when she came back , he was gone .  missing child , sky metalwala , has brown eyes and dark , closely cut hai .
 creators project brings together art , music and tech <sec> karen o premieres her psycho-opera `` stop the virgens '' .  florence + the machine debut songs from their upcoming album `` ceremonials '' .  xavier de rosnay and gaspard augé of justice play a dj se .
