 supreme court justices leery of marriage 'redefinition ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> questions tuesday centered on whether defining marriage should be left to voters in individual states or decided by judicial system .  chief justice john roberts , who shocked conservatives with his swing vote to uphold obamacare , seemed to lean conservative .  eyes on justice anthony kennedy , a key vote for challengers to the state bans , who has penned decisions in favor of gay right .
 federer and djokovic to meet in final of world tour finals <sec> novak djokovic defeats kei nishikori to reach the final at the world tour finals .  djokovic drops his first set of the week but prevails 6-1 3-6 6-0 in about 90 minutes .  he will face roger federer in the final after federer topped fellow swiss stan wawrinka .  federer saves four match points as he improves to 11-0 versus wawrinka on hard court .
 british tourist receives special honor for catching falling child <sec> helen beard is given a `` medal of merit '' by government and business leaders .  the tourist from england caught jah-nea myles as she fell from a fourth-story balcony .  beard 's `` quick-thinking and heroic actions '' are credited with saving the child 's lif .
 man claims exploding iphone left him with leg burns <sec> erik johnson says when he bent over to pick up his keys , `` i heard a pop '' .  his phone had exploded , he was burned and had to be hospitalized , he says .  apple says it is looking into the inciden .
 charleston 's top 5 city tours <sec> explore historic downtown charleston by taking a city tour .  palmetto carriage works offers a nice overview for first-timers .  chai y'all and gullah tours offer two very different cultural immersion experience .
 gun rights groups say georgia home invasion proves their point <sec> last week , melinda herman shot an intruder in her georgia home .  she had learned to shoot only two weeks before .  her story has gained the attention of gun rights group .
 mom found guilty of murder in 'baby grace ' case <sec> body of kimberly dawn trenor 's daughter found on galveston bay island in 2007 .  police dubbed girl `` baby grace '' before her identity was known .  trenor wrote in journal about beating toddler .  trenor 's husband to face murder charges in separate tria .
 freed u.s. hikers to meet with hillary clinton <sec> freed hikers to meet with u.s. secretary of state on thursday .  the hikers thanked state department officials after their release in september .  the hikers were detained in iran in 200 .
 do n't treat schools like fast food joints <sec> sir ken robinson : school reform is often a process of mandating standards and uniformity .  industrial model for schools provides standards but no room for creativity .  he says for creativity to thrive , schools must meet individual and community need .
 spill prompts tougher british oil rig inspections <sec> britain to step up north sea oil rig inspections .  move prompted by gulf of mexico spill , britain says .  `` every reason to increase vigilance , '' britain say .
 opinion : we need speedy access to white house records <sec> cities are competing to host obama presidential library and archives .  julian zelizer : most important thing about presidential libraries is quick release of records .  he says delays in release of clinton records have concerned historians .  zelizer : our view of a president can be transformed by the contents of his archive .
 former mubarak officials could buy freedom under amended law <sec> an amended law would allow imprisoned regime members to make restitution .  the former officials would then be released without trial or penalty .  the law has caused controversy in egyp .
 raul scores again as schalke knock out holders inter <sec> schalke defeat inter milan 2-1 to reach the semifinals of the champions league .  the victory puts the bundesliga side into the last four 7-3 on aggregate .  spanish striker raul gonzalez scores his 71st champions league goal on wednesday .  schalke will now face manchester united for a place in the final next mont .
 report : adrian peterson 's young son dies after assault <sec> new : athletes voice support , with lebron james saying the death `` makes no sense at all '' .  the boyfriend of the toddler 's mother is accused of assaulting the child .  st. paul pioneer press : grandfather says the child is adrian peterson 's son .  adrian peterson tweets his thanks for the support he 's receive .
 how to dress russian -- st. petersburg style and shopping guide <sec> the citizens of russia 's second biggest city are known for having a style of their own .  on weekends , locals gather in udelka to sell vintage clothing and oddities .  russia 's fashion scene is emerging , with names such as leonid alexeev and tatyana parfionova at its for .
 suspected u.s. drone kills four in pakistan <sec> new : teen killed when three bombs explode outside music festival .  four killed after suspected u.s. missile strike fired from drone , official says .  attack believed to be fourth in pakistan since early november .  mosque bombing leaves at least three people dead in northwes .
 dionne warwick sings hal david 's last lyrics <sec> dionne warwick was the most prolific interpreter of david and bacharach songs .  `` do n't make me over '' was the first david-bacharach hit for warwick , in november 1962 .  `` i will always have him with me each time i sing the lyrics written for me by him , '' warwick says .  david , 91 , died saturday from complications of a strok .
 the stasi files : germany 's 600-million-piece puzzle <sec> henning frunder was jailed in east germany after his plans to leave came to attention of stasi .  when the wall fell in 1989 , stasi agents tried to destroy records which would reveal informants .  a painstaking operation to piece together more than 600 million pieces of paper continues .  frunder 's name , and the name of the man who betrayed him , were reveale .
 ledger 's final film to feature at cannes film festival <sec> heath ledger 's final film will feature out of competition at cannes .  this year 's film festival is set to be a battle of the heavyweights .  previous winners quentin tarantino , ken loach and jane campion return .  pedro almodovar and ang lee also feature in the main competitio .
 facebook parenting can backfire <sec> asking for parenting advice via social networks can be harmless , but it can also be invasive , kelly wallace found .  sharing disciplinary problems , emotional issues or developmental issues may be cause resentment for children .  `` i believe children still have the right to some privacy about their lives , '' said parenting blogger pam moor .
 amputee scales 103 floors with mind-controlled 'bionic leg ' <sec> a collegiate runner , zac vawter had his right leg amputated after a motorcycle accident .  he has been equipped with a prosthetic that ascertains his intentions and then moves .  vawter climbs up chicago 's willis tower in 53 minutes , 9 seconds .  `` it was a good goal for the team to shoot for , and we hit it , '' he say .
 5-time world boxing champ emile griffith dies at 75 <sec> emile griffith won welterweight and middleweight titles during his boxing career .  benny paret died days after being pummeled in the ring by griffith in 1962 .  griffith was inducted into the international boxing hall of fame in 1990 .  `` he was as great a gentleman as he was a fighter , '' the hall 's director say .
 republicans seize senate , get full control of congress <sec> gop wins senate seats in iowa , colorado , arkansas , s. dakota , montana , w. virginia , n. carolina .  cnn projects gop will keep the house and senate .  mitch mcconnell beat democrat alison lundergan grimes in kentucky .  obama to make a statement wednesday afternoo .
 gates : prospects for closing guantanamo 'very , very low ' <sec> new : plan for captured terrorists `` must start at guantanamo bay , '' military advocate says .  robert gates speaks at a hearing of the senate armed services committee .  defense secretary cites `` broad opposition '' in congress to closing the facility .  still unknown is what u.s. would do if it captured a high-value target like bin lade .
 india floods kill at least 441 this season <sec> 7 die as bus carrying 40 passengers sinks in overflowing canal in eastern india .  7-year-old girl and her mother among the dead .  bus driver ignored warnings from his passengers about flooding in cana .
 8 african shows you need to watch <sec> continent 's storytellers are using online avenues to get eyeballs on their new projects .  from hilarious mockumentaries to gritty city crime dramas , cnn picks eight shows to watc .
 what you 'll see on the new 'walking dead ' <sec> `` the walking dead '' was well-represented at this year 's comic-con .  one of the producers said there will be a new threat this season .  there will also be a blossoming relationshi .
 before philly case , man allegedly raped , burned girl <sec> sheriff 's captain : suspect asked teen girl in virginia , `` how do you want to die ? '' .  the girl says she was hit in the head with a shovel , stuffed in the trunk of a car .  delvin barnes is being held in connection with a young philadelphia woman 's abduction .  he also faces abduction , forcible rape and other charges out of virginia , official say .
 man re-arrested in pakistan for cannibalism <sec> mohammed arif ali and his brother jailed in 2011 for dismembering female corpse .  brothers released two years later after completing their jail term .  police arrest arif ali after neighbors complain about smell coming from his hom .
 opinion : diana nyad shows baby boomers so 'not over ' <sec> gene seymour : generation x soon to join baby boomers in grousing about getting older .  he says diana nyad 's feat proves baby boomers have second wind .  he says each generation has late-in-life exemplars , such as elmore leonard .  seymour : nyad likely not done amazing us ; coming generations should follow her exampl .
 warm welcome in phoenix after jungles , wire fences <sec> welcome to america project helps refugees being resettled in phoenix , arizona .  carolyn manning founded the group after relative died in september 11 attacks .  myanmar refugee boo htoo among 550-plus families the project has helped .  nominate your hero at cnn.com/heroe .
 the ryder cup : nothing to play for but pride <sec> most celebrated team event in golf gets underway friday .  europe defend ryder cup against united states at medinah club in chicago .  europe has won six of the last eight meetings of the biennial clash .  united states dominated prior to european players competing from 1979 onward .
 family of man pushed onto new york subway track sues transit authority <sec> the family of ki suck han sues new york 's transit authority for unspecified amount .  the agency did not make `` proper and adequate use '' of the train 's brakes , the lawsuit says .  han was pushed onto subway tracks and hit by a train in december .  a homeless man was charged with second-degree murder in his deat .
 oscar-winning actor maximilian schell dies at 83 <sec> maximilian schell won academy award for role in `` judgment at nuremberg '' .  he was one of the most successful german-speaking actors in english-language films .  shell 's portrayal of defense attorney at nuremberg brought him international acclai .
 astronauts ready for rescue mission they hope never happens <sec> the shuttle endeavour and its crew are standing by in case of a emergency in space .  endeavour would blast off to rescue the crew of shuttle atlantis .  atlantis blasted off monday to upgrade the hubble space telescope .  a rescue mission would involve two tricky days of spacewalks between shuttle .
 chinese court to issue verdict in bo xilai corruption trial on sunday <sec> the verdict will be announced sunday morning , the court says .  the closely watched trial took place in shandong province last month .  bo , a former top official , faces charges of corruption , embezzlement , abuse of power .  the overwhelming majority of chinese criminal cases result in guilty verdict .
 'unseen ' pop art , 'royal ' pearl , unveiled at london art fair <sec> a rarely seen painting by roy lichtenstein is to go on display at london 's masterpiece art fair .  created in 1978 , the `` puzzle portrait '' has been kept out of the public eye for 30 years .  also on display is a super-sized pearl one owned by england 's queen mary .
 lindsay lohan lawyer wants prosecutors investigated for leaks <sec> mark heller : tmz source `` would have to be '' one of the two prosecutors .  `` it impacts the integrity of the legal system in california , '' heller says .  santa monica police are investigating heller on suspicion of witness tampering .  lohan enters rehab next mont .
 opinion : legalizing marijuana a boon to potheads <sec> howard samuels : supporters of pot say that it helps those who have health problems .  samuels : but the argument is exploited by people who are n't using it for medical reasons .  he says some passionate defenders of pot legalization just want to smoke and get high .  samuels : to marijuana abusers everywhere : are you really that weak that you need pot .
 grocery store shooting victims may have known attacker , police say <sec> gunman may have known victims of indiana grocery store shooting , police say .  they say the slain women were 20 and 44 .  police say they killed the suspect after finding him holding a store manager at gunpoint .  authorities identified the shooter as 22-year-old shawn walter bai .
 u.s. soldier gets 10 years in prison for rape in south korea <sec> `` our sincere apologies go out again to the victim , '' the u.s. army says .  pfc . .  kevin flippin broke into the teenager 's home and raped her , court says .  the u.s. army reinstated a curfew after the rape allegation surfaced .  military officials had rescinded the previous curfew on july 2 , 201 .
 latest rout raises questions about iraqi military <sec> isis fighters attack , overrun iraqi troops stationed east of falluja .  an iraqi soldier claims `` no one came to help us '' for hours after request .  another says an iraqi military leader promised airstrikes that never came .  expert : instances like this show iraq 's military ca n't go `` toe-to-toe '' with isi .
 stan lee draws spider-man for a child with autism <sec> comic book legend stan lee draws spider-man for a boy with autism .  8-year-old jamel hunter is a fan of the wall-crawling her .
 is paul ryan for or against ayn rand ? <sec> ayn rand was a russian-born novelist whose work celebrated selfishness , says gary weiss .  in april , paul ryan called reports of his adherence to rand 's views an `` urban legend '' .  but in 2005 ryan said she was `` the reason i got involved in public service , '' says weiss .  weiss : that could put ryan at odds with the christian right and the roman catholic churc .
 avatars in rehab : getting therapy in virtual worlds <sec> some rehab centers using virtual worlds to complement therapy for addiction .  self-help has already been a large feature in second life .  some psychologists say patients might distance themselves from avatar .  others suggest it could provide way to gain some useful objectivit .
 groups call for starbucks to ban guns in stores <sec> where state law allows , legal guns are permitted to be carried in starbucks stores .  a group in newtown , connecticut , wants the giant coffee chain to end that policy .  newtown was the site of a deadly elementary school shooting in december .  a starbucks spokesman says `` we welcome the opportunity '' to meet with the grou .
 suu kyi win heralds new chapter for thawing myanmar <sec> pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi is poised to win a seat in myanmar 's parliament .  her national league for democracy ( nld ) party looks to have won 43 seats it contested .  hundreds of journalists and international monitors attended the april by-election .  foreign delegations who have been advising the country on steps towards refor .
 men with choroideremia take trip before going blind <sec> brothers diagnosed with choroideremia knew they were going blind .  tod and justin purvis took a road trip across the united states .  their documentary , `` driving blind , '' was released this yea .
 ex-assistants to lawson , saatchi spent on luxuries , court hears <sec> new : testimony from charles saatchi , nigella lawson 's ex-husband , is expected friday .  sisters spent money on luxury goods , accountant for charles saatchi says .  lawson 's reps have declined to comment on drug use allegations made in court .  the couple 's former assistants deny embezzling large sums of mone .
 world cup prompts rory mcilroy to commit to ireland at the olympics <sec> rory mcilroy announces intention to compete for ireland at rio olympics of 2016 .  the northern irishman had previously said he would represent team gb in brazil .  mcilroy : `` i was thinking about all the times i have played for ireland as a boy '' .  golf star 's clubs returned to him after they went missing in transi .
 spain to mark eighth anniversary of madrid train bombings <sec> spain on sunday marks the eighth anniversary of the 2004 madrid train bombings .  191 people killed in terrorist attacks on morning rush-hour commuter trains .  unions criticized for holding nationwide protests over economic crisis on same da .
 2016 looms as christie to make pig decision - cnnpolitics.com <sec> chris christie is facing pressure from iowa on a controversial bill involving pigs .  the bill would ban pig gestation crates , a practice deemed cruel by animal rights activists .  the iowa governor is urging christie to veto the legislatio .
 ligue 1 : brandao handed six-month ban for motta headbutt <sec> brazilian-born striker earns six-month ban for headbutt on psg midfielder thiago motta .  brandao playing in only second match for corsica-based club after joining from saint etienne .  the 34-year-old is available for selection again at end of february 201 .
 detecting the dangers of greenland 's giant icebergs <sec> cnn 's fred pleitgen joins danish meteorologists as they chart the passage of greenland icebergs .  more icebergs have been observed in recent years but experts unsure of long-term trend .  observers fly missions three times a week before filing reports on dangerous ice .  ice patrol founded after `` greenlandic titanic '' sank off the island 's coast in 1959 killing all crew and passenger .
 several arrested as sectarian clashes erupt in northern ireland <sec> protestants march in londonderry , a predominantly catholic city .  masked youths attack police vehicles .  sporadic violence continues into the evenin .
 asia 's 8 hottest winter retreats <sec> to truly immerse in the 90-degree bangkok winter , hit the beer gardens and dine alfresco .  kuala lumpur 's best weather usually falls after the rainy season in january .  january is in the middle of goa 's peak vacation season , so book a room well in advanc .
 sen. king : do n't just fight terrorists , fight radicalization - cnnpolitics.com <sec> after an ohio man 's alleged isis-inspired plot was foiled by the fbi , king says the u.s. needs to counter radicalization .  more than just ramping up the u.s. military effort , king pointed to `` unemployed 22-year-olds '' as the greatest threat .  king 's comments also come after the paris terror attacks , carried out by young men who were radicalized in priso .
 liberians facing mass deportation from u.s . <sec> 14,000 liberians took advantage of u.s. temporary status during civil war .  liberians have to return home when status exemption expires march 31 .  corvah akoiwala : `` my fear is , who am i going to leave my kids with ? '' .  sen. jack reed pushing for extension to allow liberians to sta .
 rand paul : police militarization , war on drugs is 'out of control ' <sec> rand paul says police forces have become too militarized .  he spoke to a libertarian-friendly audience .  the kentucky republican says unnecessary force has been used against some pot users .  paul is considering a presidential bid for 201 .
 u.n. : rwandan troops in congo for joint operation <sec> rwanda has dispatched some 1,900 soldiers , rwanda news agency reports .  the neighbors have traditionally been on different sides of the conflict in east congo .  the struggle pits tutsis , supported by rwanda , against the congo-backed hutu .  the conflict is effectively an extension of the rwandan genocid .
 can the middle east become a hub for higher education ? <sec> numerous western universities have outposts in middle east gulf states .  uae and qatar have an eye on transitioning to a knowledge-based economy .  some worry education provided by colleges will be curtailed by restrictions on freedom of speec .
 myanmar to consider allowing neighbors to observe elections <sec> myanmar is due to hold by-elections in april after a series of political reforms .  pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi and her party are participating in the elections .  suu kyi 's party is putting up candidates for all 48 parliamentary seat .
 dewani loses bid to block extradition on 'honeymoon killing ' charge <sec> shrien dewani loses a high court appeal to block his extradition to south africa .  he can be extradited as long as south africa pledges to return him if he 's not fit to stand trial .  he 's accused of orchestrating his wife 's murder by hit men while they were on honeymoon .  anni dewani was killed in cape town in november 201 .
 europe 's most enjoyable cruise bargain <sec> rick steves writes european travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows .  his tv series , `` rick steves ' europe , '' airs on pbs stations .  steves ' company , europe through the back door , conducts european tour .
