 plane hits ferris wheel in australia ; no one is injured <sec> four people are rescued in new south wales , australia .  pilot , passenger and two riders were stuck on the ride until rescue .  investigators are looking into the inciden .
 rose beats birthday boy mickelson to win u.s. open <sec> justin rose wins the u.s. open at merion by two shots from american phil mickelson .  english golfer earns his first major title after finishing on one-over-par 281 at merion .  four-time major winner mickelson is runner-up at the tournament for the sixth time .  on his 43rd birthday , mickelson ends in a tie for second with australia 's jason da .
 at singapore airshow , it 's what china is n't displaying that counts <sec> biennial singapore airshow shows off latest in military technology .  china 's offerings attract special attention .  u.s. jets are considered superior , but china may not be displaying all it ha .
 fallon signs britney spears up for tinder <sec> jimmy fallon jokes on `` the tonight show '' that he signed britney spears up for tinder .  the singer is single after her split from beau david lucado .  she reportedly talked about the breakup during one of her las vegas concert .
 amnesty : china trade in torture tools fuels abuse <sec> trade in torture devices by chinese companies flourishing , says amnesty international .  exports of police equipment are fueling human rights abuses in asia and africa , it says . .  much of the equipment is `` inherently cruel '' and should be banned . .  some equipment has legitimate uses but can still be misused , it adds .
 who is trevor noah ? <sec> noah is the son of a black south african woman and a white swiss man .  he 's very popular in south africa .  noah 's act often focuses on race and ethnicit .
 is in-jail night club venezuelan inmates ' latest perk ? <sec> a human rights advocate says san antonio prisoners have access to weapons and drugs .  prisoners were recently allowed to open a 600-person night club , carlos nieto palma alleges .  but a venezuelan government spokesman says claims of the prison discotheque are `` a lie '' .  a prisoners ' rights group says jails are overcrowded and that violence is commo .
 living up to leonardo : the terrifying task of restoring a da vinci <sec> two recently restored paintings by leonardo da vinci on view at london 's national gallery .  to treat such a painting is a fraught privilege .  process requires patience , care and attention to detail .  conservators develop strong bonds with paintings they restor .
 why does russian energy giant gazprom wield such power ? <sec> russia , single-largest natural gas producer , has 20 percent of global gas reserves .  gazprom business accounts for 10 percent of russia 's gross domestic product .  gazprom disputes with ukraine has seen european nations wary of the company .  russian president and prime minister show strong interest in the compan .
 the legal battle over obama 's immigration plan - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama will announce immigration changes tonight .  obama is making the changes without congress .  the moves could prompt a legal figh .
 rising costs could push college out of reach <sec> report : tuition and fees , adjusted for inflation , rose 439 percent from 1982 to 2007 .  public policy and education center gave an `` f '' in affordability to 49 states .  u.s. leadership in college enrollment has slipped , it sai .
 refugee ranjini fights indefinite detention in australian high court <sec> refugee held in indefinite detention taking case to the high court of australia .  ranjini is seeking to be freed into the community to live with her family .  she 's been detained indefinitely since may 2012 after failing an asio security test .  her case has `` serious implications '' for more than 50 others in same situatio .
 egyptian activists behind bars on uprising 's anniversary <sec> several activists who mobilized 2011 demonstrations are behind bars .  activist calls it `` campaign of moral assassination and settling scores with dissenters '' .  since morsy 's ouster egypt 's political scene has become extremely polarize .
 2 dead , 7 hurt after man opens fire at pittsburgh psychiatric hospital <sec> new : all seven who were injured are expected to survive .  `` this is a tragic day , a sad day , a senseless day , '' the mayor says .  a man walks in with 2 semi-automatic handguns , the mayor says .  university of pittsburgh police `` engage '' him within minutes , he add .
 how to behave on instagram <sec> instagram is overrun with new users , and netiquette columnists have advice on how to use it .  dear readers : help stave off the horror that is blurry shots of food-caked children .  do n't flood users ' feeds with 15 shots of your new pupp .
 google 's fully functional driverless car is adorable <sec> google debuted its new , fully functioning driverless car prototype .  the round white car still includes temporary manual controls for a back-up driver .  while cute , the vehicle still has many serious issues to address before it can hit public road .
 political parties announce date for vote on catalonia independence <sec> referendum is set for november 9 , 2014 , pro-independence parties say .  `` the vote will not be held , '' justice minister alberto ruiz-gallardon responds .  madrid says nation 's constitution does n't allow regions to unilaterally break away .  there have been mass demonstrations in favor of self-determinatio .
 wrigley halts production of caffeine gum <sec> wrigley introduced alert energy caffeine gum earlier this month .  the fda met with wrigley to discuss concerns about the product 's caffeine content .  a number of caffeinated gums are still on the marke .
 algeria denies moammar gadhafi is in the nation <sec> new : foreign minister offers more insight on gadhafi family fleeing to algeria .  `` of course not , '' he says when asked whether gadhafi is in algeria .  algeria will in future recognize the ntc as the government in libya , medelci say .
 her name is riyo ... <sec> riyo mori was born in shizuoka , japan , and was crowned miss universe in 2007 .  a trained dancer , mori moved to canada when she was 16 to study ballet .  she shared a house with other beauty queens for mtv reality show `` pageant place '' .  mori still dreams of dancing on broadway and plans to open a dance schoo .
 raven-symone , embrace you 're black american ( opinion ) <sec> raven-symone hates labels and wants to be called american , not black american .  roxanne jones says symone is wrong : being black equals being american .  jones identified strongly as a strong black american woman , and it gives her courage .  jones says black americans should not separate themselves from those who went befor .
 what 's brewing on the 2016 front ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> jeb bush says same-sex marriage decisions should be left to voters , not judges .  chris christie showed off his dallas cowboys fandom and schmoozed with owner jerry jones .  mike huckabee ended his weekly fox news show to spend more time exploring a presidential bid .  bobby jindal is going to iowa to meet with evangelical leader .
 no.1 wozniacki crashes out in toronto <sec> top seed caroline wozniacki is out of the rogers cup following a defeat to roberta vinci .  french open champion li na and wimbledon winner petra kvitova claim their 2nd rd matches .  maria sharapova , serena williams and vera zvonareva also advance in star-studded even .
 arsenal back new 'fanshare ' scheme <sec> arsenal are backing a new 'fanshare ' scheme to get fans more involved in the club .  supporters can buy shares of the club for a fraction of the market rate .  a minimum sum of $ 150 is required to become a membe .
 6 illegal immigrants found in truck at atlanta airport <sec> new : the investigation is ongoing , ice spokeswoman says .  new : the men have not yet been processed for removal from the u.s. , ice says .  new : five of the unidentified men are from mexico and one from el salvador .  the men were found during a security exercise outside a cargo facilit .
 opinion : north carolina lawmakers shame state <sec> william barber : a coalition of north carolinians challenges shameful state leadership .  he says series of policies cut funds to education , unemployed , health care ; hurt poor people .  he says lawmakers ' moves aim to disenfranchise voters . .  tax changes target poor .  barber : lawmakers splitting state into haves-have nots ; coalition will protest for redres .
 hi-tech tests to catch olympics drug cheats at london 2012 <sec> london 2012 organizers enlist help of state-of-the-art laboratory for drug testing .  partnership with glaxosmithkline will see more than 6,000 blood and urine tests during games .  head of world anti-doping agency says drugs program in london is `` very , very good '' .  `` fight continues with sophistication continuing on both sides , '' says wada chie .
 will e-bikes be the new 'commuter cool ' ? <sec> electric bikes can run either on pedal-power or their tiny motors .  `` it 's like being in a flying dream ... it will blow your mind , '' says rider .  e-bike commuters like saving gas and arriving at work without breaking a sweat .  china has more than 100 million electric bikes -- four times the number of car .
 7 breathtaking ballooning adventures <sec> looking to see the world from a different perspective ? .  ballooning could be for you .  visit albuquerque or quebec for mass displays of ballooning enthusiasm .  if you 're looking for a refined aerial trek , check out napa valley and luberon , franc .
 a closer look : how many school shootings since newtown ? <sec> cnn examined everytown for gun safety 's list of school shootings .  everytown says 74 school shootings have occurred ; cnn found 15 similar to oregon shooting .  a 14-year-old was shot at an oregon high school tuesday , authorities sai .
 sources : new palestinian pm asks to resign <sec> new : sources say the prime minister is upset because of interference by mahmoud abbas .  it is not clear whether rami hamdallah 's resignation will be accepted .  he was named prime minister june 2 by abbas , the palestinian authority presiden .
 study shows high rate of heart problems among ground zero workers <sec> study finds unusually high occurrences of abnormal left and right ventricular functioning .  findings are first to possibly link work at ground zero to cardiovascular problems .  study was initially intended to test strains of job and effects of ground zero .  testing officers in other cities could help put findings in context , study 's leader say .
 french tourist survives fall into grand canyon <sec> witnesses say the teen was taking photographs when he fell .  a hospital official says he is in good condition .  the national park service says he suffered neck , wrist and ankle injurie .
 head of papua new guinea military freed after mutiny <sec> new : the head of the armed forces is released from confinement at his residence .  new : the prime minister says the actions of rebel soldiers were `` completely unnecessary '' .  the unrest comes amid controversy over who the rightful prime minister is .  australia calls for order to be restored in the papua new guinea armed force .
 huge baghdad rally marks 6-year anniversary of hussein 's fall <sec> protesters shout anti-u.s. slogans , chant religious songs .  thousands of supporters of muqtada al-sadr rally in historic square .  al-sadr aide calls on iraqi government to release all sadrist detainee .
 recession comes late but hits hard in peoria <sec> global market means job cuts hit peoria later than other parts of the u.s . .  caterpillar , a large employer in peoria , is cutting 20,000 jobs worldwide .  one employee 's wife has full-time job ; he 's attending classes for second career .  another employee , a single mother of five , has nothing to fall back o .
 fight rages in aleppo , where arab league chief says war crimes being committed <sec> new : 114 die in syria , including 41 around damascus , an opposition group says .  rebels attack a syrian army base north of aleppo ; troops fire back in 3 directions .  syria 's foreign minister says rebel fighters `` will fail '' to take aleppo , syria 's largest city .  regime 's assault in aleppo will be `` a nail in assad 's coffin , '' u.s. defense secretary say .
 # savebela dog gets a reprieve <sec> # savebela started after the public learned a healthy indiana dog might be euthanized .  in her will , bela 's late owner asked that the dog be put to sleep and laid to rest with her .  a utah animal sanctuary has agreed to take the do .
 ashton kutcher fulfills promise , pranks cnn <sec> ashton kutcher puts banner with twitter name , aplusk , on cnn center .  kutcher also brought 800 boxes of ding dongs to restaurant named after turner .  kutcher promised to `` ding-dong-ditch '' turner if he beat cnn in twitter rac .
 u.s. disputes claim that controversial group is running aid camp <sec> falah-e-insaniyat says it is operating a camp praised by the head of usaid .  the group is allegedly linked to a pakistani terrorist organization .  the united states contends the camp is not being run by falah-e-insaniya .
 gilad shalit : israeli captive freed at last <sec> new : shimon peres : `` our eyes are wet and our hearts are proud '' .  palestinians abducted israeli soldier shalit in 2006 when he was 19 .  shalit 's parents camped out in front of the israeli prime minister 's office for more than a year .  israel inked a deal to get him back in exchange for more than 1,000 palestinian prisoner .
 wild about sofia vergara <sec> `` when i moved to america , i was more voluptuous , '' sofia vergara says .  `` i do n't really think that plastic surgery can make you look young , '' she says .  `` i think the most unhealthy thing is that i 'm obsessed with dessert , '' she say .
 human skull found by federal scuba-diving team in florida <sec> the skull was found during a training exercise in a miami canal .  the medical examiner is looking into possible causes of death .  some skulls are disinterred for use in santeria and palo mayombe rituals , officials sa .
 opinion : is al qaeda outdoing the u.s. on truth telling ? <sec> an al qaeda leader apologized for hospital attack ; u.s. mum on drone that hit wedding party .  peter bergen says al qaeda arguably is doing a better job of truth telling .  he says u.s. needs to make greater accountability a priority for drone program .  bergen : pace of drone strikes has slowed since obama 's speech in ma .
 opposition : gadhafi 'bombing his way ' into rebel-held city <sec> new : u.s . .  ambassador rice : we are seriously considering a range of options .  gadhafi may commit genocide , libyan u.n. envoy says .  four new york times journalists are reported missing in libya .  fighting rages in ajdabiya , the last rebel town between gadhafi and rebel stronghol .
 10 fun facts about facebook 's mark zuckerberg <sec> facebook co-founder and ceo mark zuckerberg turned 29 on may 14 .  young billionaire has inspired one of every seven people on the planet to use his product .  zuckerberg trivia : facebook is mostly blue because he is colorblin .
 indian women feel sorrow , anger at u.s. student 's harassment claims <sec> u.s. student 's ireport on harassment in india most viewed ireport of all time .  thousands of comments and responses poured in to cnn .  many expressed sympathy and apologized , others stressed the problem is not restricted to indi .
 superstorm sandy sends pets scurrying <sec> if your pet is lost in a disaster , the first point of contact should be your local shelter .  report stranded pets in new york to the aspca 's 24-hour hotline at 347-573-1561 .  ensure that your pet wears a form of identification in case it is lost in an emergency .  when returning home , secure your home from dangers before releasing pet .
 'neda ' becomes rallying cry for iranian protests <sec> `` neda '' was reportedly killed on saturday during iranian protests .  her death captured on video has sparked worldwide debate .  `` neda '' had become one of top `` trending topics '' on twitter by late saturda .
 colbert demands 'democracy in orbit ' after winning poll <sec> tv host 's name topped poll seeking new name for space station wing .  nasa says no decision will be made until next week .  pennsylvania lawmaker has thrown backing behind colbert .  some media outlets say nasa may put colbert 's name on toile .
 russian nuclear sub on fire , state news agency says <sec> submarine is in zvyozdochka shipyard , in northwestern russia .  no `` dangerous '' substances on the submarine , shipyard spokesman told itar-tas .
 aaron hernandez case : what evidence is in , what 's out <sec> aaron hernandez is going on trial , charged with murder in the shooting death of of odin lloyd .  prosecutors can not tell jurors about texts from victim to his sister shortly before his death .  prosecutors can take jurors to hernandez 's home and the slaying sit .
 captain pleads guilty over new zealand cargo ship disaster <sec> captain and second officer plead guilty to charges including operating a vessel in dangerous manner .  the men will be sentenced on may 25 , with the heaviest maximum penalty seven years imprisonment .  massive salvage and clean-up operations along new zealand coastline are still underwa .
 what the smart money knows about the super bowl <sec> jon wertheim offers a few suggestions for things to pay attention to in the super bowl .  he says do n't exaggerate the vaunted importance of defense ; it 's not prerequisite for winning .  he says the game in indianapolis carries a home field advantage via a rivalry and favorite son .  wertheim : the giants may be in a `` hot streak , '' but that 's not the same as momentu .
 why i 'm not married ( and it 's not because i 'm an angry slut ) <sec> tracy mcmillan wrote on huffington post why she thinks you 're not married .  her reasons touched a nerve for many , including cnn 's unmarried jessica ravitz .  sometimes life just gets in the way , ravitz write .
 4 men , 3 women arrested in shooting of louisiana sheriff 's deputies <sec> new : the suspects are `` some of the most violent , evil people on the planet , '' sheriff says .  new : 5 of those arrested were in a car that sped from the first shooting , state police say .  a louisiana sheriff 's deputy directing traffic was shot and wounded , police have said .  a short time later , 2 responding deputies die and another is hurt in a nearby shootin .
 berto claims vacant wbc welter crown <sec> andre berto wins the vacant wbc welterweight title .  he halts miguel rodriguez in seven rounds .  mikkel kessler becomes wba super-middleweight champion .  amir khan successfully defends the commonwealth lightweight titl .
 this time , hillary will run as a woman <sec> donna brazile : in 2008 , hillary clinton de-emphasized gender and ran on her experience .  now clinton is positioning her potential campaign to focus on history-making election of a woman presiden .
 alicia keys : let 's fight hiv together <sec> writers : a generation of young people have only known a world with hiv .  millions of young people are affected or live with hiv , especially in africa .  they say vulnerable young people do n't get the kind of treatment they need .  alicia keys and cristina peña call on young people to join movement to end hi .
 apps : they 're not just for your phone anymore <sec> companies are opening app stores and bringing applications to tvs , netbooks and even cars .  intel launched an app store for netbooks at the consumer electronics show this week .  samsung will launch an app store later this year for hdtvs and blu-ray players .  ford motor co. will make select apps available for new vehicles later in 201 .
 pakistani paramilitary forces to be tried in anti-terrorist court <sec> a 17-year-old man is shot in video that horrified the nation when it was broadcast .  sarfraz shah begs for his life on the video .  a human rights activist says sindh rangers security forces were trigger-happy .  police say the victim was a thief who threatened people with a gu .
 zoo official on marius the giraffe : conservation is n't always clean <sec> copenhagen zoo staff get death threats .  those outraged do n't understand zoo protocol , `` danish culture , '' official says .  copenhagen zoo said it shot marius with rifle , fed his carcass to zoo 's carnivores .  killing sparked outrage , with many people expressing revulsion on faceboo .
 how to avoid olympics spoilers <sec> justin peters covers the olympics professionally and has spoiled events for friends .  peters recommends creating an information vacuum to avoid spoilers ; noise machines help .  peters says if you can avoid social situations at work , or work itself , you can prevent spoilers .  he suggests switching from a smartphone to an older cell phone with no text or interne .
 taiwanese economy slumps into recession <sec> taiwanese economy now in recession now after second straight quarter of losses .  in january , government offered residents up to $ 108 each to stimulate economy .  slump of 8.36 percent followed third-quarter slump of one percen .
