 isis loses over quarter of territory in iraq , says u.s . <sec> pentagon releases map showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30 % of iraq territory from isis .  counterinsurgency specialist afzal ashraf on what new data tells us about fight .  ashraf : where it counts ( isis is ) not standing and fightin .
 global universities spread the wealth <sec> john sexton : traditionally , universities have been defined and limited by location .  global campuses form a network of thought , innovation , he writes .  faculty can teach , sexton says , students can team up in many cities at once .  sexton : research , scholarship can be shared and cultural ties made in `` century of knowledge .
 comic legend dom deluise dies at 75 <sec> dom deluise appeared in several mel brooks films and burt reynolds movies .  among deluise 's best-known films : `` silent movie , '' `` cannonball run '' .  reynolds : `` dom always made everyone feel better when he was around .
 sandy still bringing down homes , but families vow to be back <sec> panetta family gathers with neighbors to watch house razed .  family had tried to restore home but ran into problems with insurance money , building code .  they still remain committed to bringing a new house to their plot of land .  they have lived for decades on an island in jamaica bay that was hit by superstorm sand .
 china 's urban explosion : a 21st century challenge <sec> in 2011 china counted over 690 million urban dwellers -- 51.27 % of its 1.347 billion people .  for the first time , china 's urban population now outnumbers the rural population .  china 's rapid economic growth has expanded the size of china 's cities and towns .  many experts worry about the enormous pressure on cities ' finances and infrastructur .
 2 questioned in death of chicago student who performed at inauguration <sec> chicago 's mayor told hadiya pendleton 's family about two being questioned , police say .  the honor student was killed one week after she performed at president obama 's inauguration .  her funeral was held saturday , with first lady michelle obama among the attendee .
 moving on from google reader <sec> the google reader is closing next week , and it 's time to find a replacement rss tool .  there are imitation readers , shortcuts for later reading and smart aggregation apps .  with some curating , twitter can be a powerful news sourc .
 paul ryan 's budget balancing act <sec> paul ryan , a top gop numbers guy , struggles to explain mitt romney 's fuzzy budget details .  part of ryan 's difficulty stems from difference between his and romney 's budget proposals .  expert : romney campaign needs to give ryan some leeway where he can go into specifics .  otherwise , the professor says , `` the obama campaign will define them .
 get dangerous germs out of your home <sec> e. coli , salmonella and campylobacter can make you pretty sick or kill you .  food-borne illnesses are microbes that invade your body through the gastrointestinal tract .  each year , one in six americans contracts food poisoning on u.s. soi .
 novak djokovic and viktor troicki slam tennis ' 'ridiculous ' anti-doping procedures <sec> novak djokovic criticizes anti-doping procedures in tennis .  banned for missing a drugs test , viktor troicki laments 'toughest time of career ' .  world no . .  2 djokovic says he has lost all trust in tennis ' anti-doping measures .  the serb says atp needs to offer more support to players accused of doping offense .
 furloughs in forecast for noaa workers in time for hurricane season <sec> noaa has had to reduce its budget by 7 % this fiscal year .  officials say measures will be taken to staff offices during weather events .  union has concerns , wonders how offices will be staffed .  the forecast is for an above-average hurricane seaso .
 thousands mourn lebanese mp <sec> thousands lined beirut streets to honor anti-syrian mp , killed in car bomb blast .  noted parliamentarian killed along with four others during wednesday rush hour .  flag-draped coffin paraded through streets before burial in christian district .  day of national mourning called , with schools , universities , public offices shu .
 as teen recovers from taliban hit , pakistanis demand answers <sec> interior minister offers $ 1 million bounty for pakistani taliban spokesman .  teen blogger arrives in britain for treatment .  malala yousufzai has galvanized worldwide support for girls ' education .  malala was shot by taliban gunmen who were enraged that she wanted an educatio .
 royal ascot enclosure : lords and my fair ladies <sec> britain 's most prestigious race meeting , royal ascot , is held over five days every june .  it was made famous in audrey hepburn 's 1964 film , my fair lady .  the royal enclosure is the most exclusive viewing area for the racing .  guests include queen elizabeth and the creme de la creme of high societ .
 obama and pakistani president discuss terrorism and afghanistan <sec> pakistani president asif zardari is in washington to attend a memorial for diplomat richard holbrooke .  he and obama discussed afghanistan .  vice president joe biden met zardari earlier this wee .
 burning tires : symbol of conflict to sign of peace <sec> a lebanese activist group has been painting tires to promote peace and national unity .  tires , piled and burned to create road blocks , are a symbol of lebanon 's conflicts .  the group , based in hezbollah 's heartland , uses art to lure youth away from sectarianism .  it was founded to help young people traumatized by the 2006 conflict with israe .
 china 's challenge for air supremacy <sec> comac c919 plane set to rival boeing 737 and airbus a320 .  state-owned company says first plane ready by 2016 .  company says it has 215 orders , mainly from chinese carriers .  its success will come down to how economical it is , suggests analys .
 atf special agent cleared in virgin islands shooting death <sec> the charge against special agent william g. clark enraged many federal law officers .  he had intervened in a domestic argument in 2008 .  a federal investigation cleared him , but virgin islands police charged him with murde .
 bounty crew calm , joking after hurricane sandy nightmare <sec> third mate : crew remained calm after sandy tossed them into the atlantic .  coast guard hearings look for possible negligence .  before leaving port , captain gave crew option to go home .  shipyard representative says bounty had rotted fram .
 ferrari 's fernando alonso enjoys 'emotional ' home f1 win <sec> ferrari 's fernando alonso wins his home spanish grand prix for the second time .  teammate felipe massa claims third behind lotus ' kimi raikkonen .  raikkonen closes gap on overall leader sebastian vettel , who is fourth for red bull .  pole winner nico rosberg is sixth , while teammate lewis hamilton drops to 12t .
 brad pitt : do n't chat at the urinal ; text instead <sec> wired magazine 's cover story features spoof tech advice from brad pitt .  the hollywood hunk is promoting his new movie , `` inglourious basterds '' .  pitt says talking on the phone at the urinal is rude ; you should text instead .  pitt : online communication is based on lies : `` the only way to tell the truth is to lie .
 cannavaro to join squad despite controversy <sec> fabio cannavaro is to join the italian national squad on sunday to face cyprus .  cannavaro tested positive for cortisone after having treatment for an insect bite .  the 36-year-old juve defender has an allergy to insect bites which can be fatal .  defender was interviewed by italian olympic committee anti-doping prosecuto .
 clinton draws parallels between 'upheaval ' of 1995 , today <sec> former president analyzes mood of country now and leading up to oklahoma city bombing .  anti-government radicals can communicate faster now , he says .  we do n't want to go down violent road again , he says .  clinton joins wolf blitzer on `` the situation room '' today at 5 p.m . .  et on cn .
 liverpool complete swoop for rodriguez <sec> liverpool have signed argentina international maxi rodriguez on a free transfer .  the 29-year-old winger has penned a three-and-a-half-year deal with rafael benitez 's side .  fiorentina have agreed terms with partizan belgrade to sign promising midfielder adem ljaji .
 canada quake triggers hawaii tsunami scare <sec> new : the largest wave was about 2.5 feet above ambient sea level .  new : tsunami advisory lifted .  hawaii evacuations are lifted .  the tsunami was caused by a magnitude 7.7 earthquake in western canad .
 officials hail afghan vote a success despite deaths <sec> 26 people killed in election day violence , afghan officials say .  vote hailed a success by officials as the count begins .  the taliban had vowed to disrupt the voting .  more than 3,000 candidates vie for 420 provincial seats ; 40 standing for presiden .
 gordon brown to testify at phone-hacking inquiry <sec> former prime minister gordon brown allegedly `` declared war '' on rupert murdoch .  david cameron is called to testify next thursday .  he has faced questions about his ties to media baron rupert murdoch and rebekah brook .
 tycoon arrests rock hong kong <sec> the arrest of two of the city 's leading tycoons has shocked hong kong .  also arrested was the former second highest official in the bribery investigations .  comes as a number of scandals question government and business ties .  kwoks control the world 's second largest property developer by market ca .
 michelin announces 2015 nyc bib gourmand list <sec> michelin 's 2015 nyc bib gourmand list features 126 moderately priced but excellent restaurants .  diners at these restaurants can enjoy two courses and a glass of wine or dessert for $ 40 or less .  michelin added 19 new restaurants to this year 's bib gourmand list .  the 10th edition of the michelin guide new york went on sale october .
 the evolution of mariah carey : wide-eyed teen to songbird supreme <sec> mariah carey is back with a 14th album , to be released later this month .  best-selling female artist of the millennium burst onto music scene in 1990 .  a look back at the curly-haired girl next door who became sassy mother-of-two .  career includes film performances and tv appearances on american ido .
 images emerge from 'house of horror ' <sec> austrian father confesses he held daughter prisoner for nearly 24 years first images emerge of the cellar dungeon in which she , three children held the rooms include a sleeping quarters , a kitchen and a bathroom .  police are still trying to understand the purpose of all the rooms in the cella .
 the most infectious of all infectious diseases <sec> measles was declared eradicated in the united states in 2000 .  we still continue to see cases stemming from overseas .  measles is preventable through vaccinatio .
 sri lankan journalist predicted own execution <sec> lasantha wickrematunga gunned down execution-style january 8 .  posthumous column anticipated his slaying by government forces .  govt . .  : says no journalist , media institution should fear attack by government .  civil war with tamil tigers has killed more than 65,00 .
 flesh-eating bacteria victim speaks , jokes , father says <sec> aimee copeland began speaking sunday , her father says .  she `` continues to talk and joke '' on monday , he says .  the 24-year-old georgia woman is battling a flesh-eating bacteria .  the infection has cost her her hands , a leg and her remaining foo .
 australian captain ponting set to be fit for mcg ashes clash <sec> australian captain ricky ponting comes unscathed through practice session on friday .  ponting broke the little finger in his left hand during third test win in perth .  james anderson looks set to take his place in england team .  test record crowd of 91,000 expected at mcg on boxing da .
 bowe bergdahl , u.s. soldier held in afghanistan , freed in swap <sec> obama , parents thank those who arranged for release .  plane carrying detainees leaves navy base in cuba .  american soldier captured by taliban in june 2009 .  five detainees are being sent from guantanamo to qatar in exchang .
 dental records confirm body is va. tech student 's <sec> new : dental records confirm remains are morgan harrington , police say .  skeletal remains found monday morning in hay frield on 700-acre farm .  student was separated from friends at metallica concert on october 17 .  harrington 's purse , cell phone found next day in overflow parking lot near aren .
 florida state 's jimbo fisher : ready for a win against fanconi anemia <sec> fsu head coach jimbo fisher 's son has fanconi anemia , a rare blood disorder .  fanconi anemia affects 1 in every 130,000 people .  almost all fa patients need bone marrow transplants before they reach adulthood .  the prognosis for ethan fisher is hard to predict , due to old dat .
 fda orders 'black box ' label on some antibiotics <sec> new : consumer group pleased with order but says fda must do more .  the fda ordered its strongest warning to be put on certain antibiotics .  the `` black box '' label will alert patients of possible tendon problems .  relevant drugs include cipro , levaquin , avelox , noroxin and floxi .
 helene gayle : meet the ceo feeding the world <sec> helene gayle , ceo of care usa , talks about the business of charity .  pediatrician is also first african-american woman to run organization .  former director at bill and melinda gates foundation , specializing in hiv researc .
 worries wash through cajun country as mississippi floods move south <sec> 500 national guard members mobilized .  residents in low-lying areas have been put on alert .  there is concern about a plan to open the morganza spillway .  spillway has n't been opened since 197 .
 bristol palin talks politics , teen pregnancy <sec> bristol palin says announcing her engagement in us weekly is her `` biggest regret '' .  on her mom 's possible candidacy , `` whatever she does will be right for our family '' .  palin says being a teen mom is tough ; her teenage years `` were cut completely short '' .  she tells hln 's `` dr. drew '' she has mixed feelings about the attention her family get .
 nfl signs up for third london game in 2014 <sec> the nfl will hold three regular season games in london in 2014 .  jacksonville jaguars , atlanta falcons and oakland raiders to play in london .  the games will be held at wembley stadium .  nfl commissioner roger goodell praised enthusiasm of uk fan .
 reports : unrest in china 's xinjiang kills 35 <sec> new : fatalities include 16 uyghurs and two police officers .  state media say `` knife-wielding mobs '' attacked government buildings .  but uyghur advocacy groups express doubts about the official account .  ethnic tensions exist between han chinese and turkic-speaking uyghur .
 serena makes winning clay comeback <sec> serena williams wins first clay court match in almost two years .  she beat russian qualifier elena vesnina 6-3 6-4 .  williams to face either marina erakovic or anna tatishvili in third round .  venus williams continues campaign in second roun .
 nigella lawson 's ex-husband says he never saw her take drugs <sec> charles saatchi says he never saw nigella lawson take drugs but he believes she did .  saatchi says he did not authorize more than $ 1 million in spending by the accused .  ex-aides francesca and elisabetta grillo deny embezzling money from saatchi , lawson .  representatives for nigella lawson have not commented on the drugs claim .
 from gang of four to bo xilai : reporting from china 's 'show trials ' <sec> the so-called `` gang of four '' was led by jiang qing , mao zedong 's widow .  they were accused of plotting to kill mao and pull off a rebellion .  the trial was widely reported but heavily censored by chinese officials .  recent bo xilai trial was hailed for its transparency , though some question thi .
 opinion : morsy holds key to egypt 's future <sec> ed husain : many egyptian protesters believe morsy is the legitimate president .  he says morsy 's son hinted his dad should step down , thus quelling unrest .  husain says morsy stepping down would give brotherhood face-saving exit .  husain : brotherhood must be recognized ; if morsy goes , egypt can move forwar .
 amanda knox : 'thank you for being there for me ' <sec> new : an emotional knox says she is `` overwhelmed '' .  new : she says being with her family is `` the most important thing '' .  new : her family thanks her supporters .  new : `` meredith was amanda 's friend , '' one attorney say .
 cnn tests muse , the mind-reading headband <sec> $ 200 muse headband reads brainwaves and allows you to to play smartphone games with your mind .  at leweb 12 , creator ariel garten demonstrated the ability to add emotional content to emails .  cnn 's stephanie busari gets her mind read by the headband at leweb .  headband launches in june 2013 -- but available now for limited perio .
 dodging 2016 questions , paul ryan meets the press <sec> ryan says obama impeachment talk is a `` ridiculous gambit by the president '' .  gop lawsuit against obama is to show `` we are not going to take this sitting down '' .  republicans have no confidence in obama for immigration reform .  ryan says notion must be broken that government can fix everythin .
 remembering 'free to be ... you and me , ' 40 years later <sec> 'free to be ... you and me ' was first broadcast on abc on march 11 , 1974 .  the tv special came after a `` free to be ... '' book and album for children .  actress and activist marlo thomas was inspired by her niece to create `` free to be ... .
 it 's finally happening ! 'frozen 2 ' on its way <sec> disney officially announced `` frozen 2 '' on thursday .  olaf and friends will return to theaters soon .  same creative team will retur .
 paul ryan 's workout : is p90x for you ? <sec> running mate paul ryan weighs 163 pounds with 6 to 8 % body fat .  ryan leads daily morning p90x classes with hill staffers .  standard home fitness package by beach body costs $ 119.8 .
 fbi traveling to peru for clues in natalee holloway case <sec> the fbi wants to study the laptop of joran van der sloot .  he was the last person to be seen with natalee holloway .  the alabama teen disappeared during a trip to aruba in 2005 .  van der sloot is accused of killing stephany flores in lima , peru , last yea .
 amazing views , sweaty palms on canada 's new glacier skywalk <sec> canada 's new glacier skywalk hangs 280 meters above sunwapta canyon in jasper national park .  skywalk reached by cliff-edge walkway filled with multi-sensory interactive experiences .  alberta wilderness association says such developments do n't belong in national park .
 the clash : 'the only band that matters ' remembers <sec> new clash boxed set collects albums , video , ephemera .  group was a leader in uk punk movement and incredibly versatile .  albums include `` london calling , '' `` combat rock '' .  boxed set 's packaging -- a boombox -- symbolizes sharing of ideas , says paul simono .
 'pawn stars ' game show coming to history <sec> the half-hour game show will be set in las vegas .  `` pawn stars '' has been a staple of the network since 2009 .  the game show has gotten an initial order of 10 episode .
 puppy-throwing marine is removed from corps <sec> hawaii-based lance cpl . .  david motari is being `` processed for separation '' .  motari was seen on video tossing a puppy off a cliff while on patrol in iraq .  second marine , who filmed the incident , was also discipline .
 family : daughter of bahraini hunger striker feared detained again <sec> new : al-khawaja 's daughter is at a police station and asked for a lawyer , her husband says .  new : she was previously released from custody on saturday .  she was trying to visit her father , abdulhadi al-khawaja , on a hunger strike for 60 days .  al-khawaja , a rights advocate , got a life sentence for his role in anti-government unres .
 taking care of business in new york 's 'little egypt ' <sec> steinway street , in astoria , new york city , is known as `` little egypt '' .  the area has long been a home to immigrants , including germans , italians and greeks .  many merchants there work to support their families in egypt .  as in the rest of the united states , traders in little egypt have been hit by the recessio .
 u.s. judge bought drugs for stripper , feds say <sec> new : attorney and justice department official say a court appearance is not set .  dancer began recording judge before cooperating , documents say .  judge released on bond after arrest .  he was arrested friday after a sting operatio .
 10 mexican police officers held in killings of 12 federal agents <sec> officers arrested saturday are on the police force in the city of arteaga .  slain agents were found tuesday on a remote highway in michoacan state .  governor calls infusion of federal agents in michoacan an occupation .  governor 's half-brother , said to be key figure in drug cartel , still at larg .
 halloween crafts made from household items <sec> use the items you have around the house to make halloween extra spooky this year .  spiders , monsters and pumpkins are easily made with glue , paper and buttons .  paper towel tubes transform into scary monsters or a halloween gourd garlan .
