 under pressure , wikileaks asks supporters for mirror sites <sec> `` we need your help , '' site tells supporters .  clinton joked about wikileaks at a saturday night event .  senate republican leader calls assange `` a high-tech terrorist .
 zuma congratulates mugabe on win ; us , uk , australia question results <sec> tsvangirai says he 'll mount legal challenge .  zuma : election reflected will of the people .  us says it did n't .  australia 's foreign minister called for a `` re-run .
 north korea : american matthew miller sentenced to labor <sec> washington calls for the immediate release of miller and kenneth bae .  a court says matthew todd miller committed `` acts hostile '' to north korea .  he previously told cnn , `` i deliberately committed my crime '' .  that interview was monitored by the north korean governmen .
 nightclubs for literature ? why book selling is booming in taiwan <sec> bookstore chain in taiwan thrives while stores elsewhere fold .  main store opens 24 hours , attracting hipsters as well as bookworms .  company has ambitious plans to expand in chin .
 mugabe : u.s. and west are 'stupid and foolish ' <sec> president robert mugabe describes u.s. and west as `` stupid and foolish '' .  power-share deal is stalled because of dispute over control of ministries .  zimbabwe faces cholera epidemic , economic crisis .  mugabe has resisted international calls for him to step dow .
 ailing man 's family finds kidney donor on craigslist <sec> kidneys process blood to sift out waste products and extra water .  more than 15 million americans have some degree of kidney disease .  about three-quarters of kidney transplants are between family member .
 election projections fuel tea party fervor <sec> new : at least five projected republican senate winners are backed by the tea party .  `` we 'll come back in 2012 . .  we 'll do it all over again , '' a movement leader says .  a political analyst says tea party activists helped republicans win more house seats .  the midterm elections results are a key tool for measuring the staying power of the tea part .
 uk : 'war on terror ' phrase did harm <sec> phrase `` war on terror '' may have done more harm than good , uk minister says .  david miliband : `` notion is misleading and mistaken '' .  foreign secretary spoke at taj hotel , set ablaze during mumbai terror attack .
 official : extensive u.s. involvement in anti-terror operation in yemen <sec> official : u.s. special operations forces flew yemeni commandos via helicopter .  the yemeni forces went to a remote spot in south yemen to engage terror suspects .  at least 65 suspected al qaeda members were killed in the overall operation .  yemeni officials : dna tests are being done to see if ibrahim al-asiri is among dea .
 kenya : u.s. embassy bomb suspect flees raid <sec> suspect indicted in u.s. for 1998 bombings of u.s. embassies in kenya , tanzania .  u.s : fazul abdullah mohammed is a senior al qaeda operative in e. africa .  he managed to evade police in a raid saturday in malindi , say kenyan police .  authorities received information about him from `` local intelligence networks .
 'hurt locker ' producer barred from oscars <sec> nicolas chartier wo n't be allowed to attend ceremony .  academy rescinded invitation to chartier because of e-mail campaign .  e-mail , sent to oscar voters and others , was considered negative toward another film .  if `` hurt locker '' wins best picture , chartier will receive statuette after march .
 zuckerberg 's hoodie rankles wall street <sec> analyst says zuckerberg showed `` immaturity '' by wearing hoodie to new york meetings .  the facebook ceo has been courting wall street investors in casual wear .  the comments suggest a culture clash between silicon valley and wall street .  blogger : if hoodies mean billions of dollars , keep wearing the .
 2012 : the highs and lows of women in hollywood <sec> influx of big screen heroines appears to be a leap toward equality .  despite accounts of inequality , 2012 has been dubbed the year of the woman .  kristen stewart played two empowered heroines but was called a `` trampire '' off-screen .  mindy kaling and lena dunham make subversive statements in image-conscious hollywoo .
 pakistan blasphemy case : asia bibi to go to top court <sec> human rights watch describes latest ruling as a `` disgrace to pakistan 's judiciary '' .  in 2010 , a pakistani court sentenced christian woman asia bibi to death for blasphemy .  on october 16 , the lahore high court upheld the verdict after hearing her appeal .  bibi 's attorney says he plans to appeal to pakistan 's supreme court , the highest cour .
 outlaws or stunt artists ? bikers with 'crotch rockets ' stir debate <sec> stunt bikers ' conduct is now a national controversy after new york city violence .  pop culture creates an unfair image of lawlessness , an attorney for bikers says .  but one biker rally 'became a monster ' with scary stunts , a co-founder says .  one biker paralyzed in new york incident ; his wife says he was trying to hel .
 hong kong 's protesters : we are still here <sec> organizers said fewer protesters turned out for this march .  group behind protest says civil disobedience may be used in the coming days .  hong kong 's government has asked for feedback on election proces .
 faa : small plane crashes in illinois ; 2 believed dead <sec> the plane had five people on board , the faa says .  faa : it was five miles away from an airport when the pilot reported fuel problem .
 school security chief details gun battle at board meeting <sec> security chief said he was afraid gunman killed superintendent .  gunman 's wife : mike jones did what he was `` trained to do '' .  school security officer recounts gun battle at a school board meeting .  jones is known as `` salvage santa '' for his charitable wor .
 militia threatens to close airport in somali capital <sec> new : airline ceo says situation being monitored , does n't comment on flights .  al-shaabab militants threaten flights with statement , graphic on web .  african union forces spokesman says he 's not received official warning .  al-shaabab group is seeking to oust ethiopian forces from somali .
 u.s. sub leaked radioactive water , possibly for months <sec> leak was found on the uss houston during routine maintenance last month .  navy officials say amount of radiation leaked into water was virtually undetectable .  sub spent time at ports in guam , japan and hawaii .  officials : radiation was `` negligible '' and an `` extremely low level .
 'modern family ' star 's fancy fight for equality <sec> jesse tyler ferguson and justin mikita launched tie the knot foundation .  proceeds from the organization go toward the fight to legalize same-sex marriage .  ferguson said he is protective of their relationshi .
 ex-border patrol agents released early from prison <sec> the two men were convicted of wounding an unarmed illegal immigrant .  president bush issued commutations for both men during his final days in office .  their cases became flashpoints in the controversy over border security .  ignacio ramos , jose compean got 11- and 12-year prison sentences , respectivel .
 al qaeda claims responsibility for attack on syrian convoy <sec> the al qaeda claim appears on jihadist forums .  the syrian convoy was ambushed by gunmen using roadside bombs and machine guns .  the violence raises concerns that syria 's civil war could spill over into ira .
 humble origins of 10 favorite restaurants <sec> the creators of california pizza kitchen were inspired by wolfgang puck 's spago .  denny 's introduced its signature grand slam breakfast in atlanta in 1977 .  tgi friday 's began as a popular singles bar .  the original waffle house opened on labor day 195 .
 multiple nations in running to host euro 2020 <sec> european football 's governing body reveals list of countries bidding to host 2020 finals .  the 60th anniversary edition of the finals will be hosted by 13 countries .  thirty-two countries are considering bids to host 2020 matches .  uefa will announce host cities on september 2 .
 presidential debate 's global reaction : disappointment <sec> netizens and analysts around the world weigh in on the debate .  libyans seem thankful to obama for what they have .  china wants respect as an economic power .  pakistanis and afghans feel their concerns were not addresse .
 18 die in stampede at funeral for religious leader in india <sec> the pandemonium injured at least 60 more people , cnn-ibn reported .  the religious leader , syedna mohammed burhanuddin , died at age 102 .  the stampede started when the gates to his residence was closed , cnn-ibn reported .  a stampede at a religious event killed at least 115 in octobe .
 opinion : i 'm running a marathon for boston <sec> runners are hitting the road in support of boston bombing victims .  john sutter : i 'm pledging to run a marathon by april 2014 ; join me .  sign up for the cnn ireport challenge : run for boston 2014 .  sutter says the # runforboston hashtag led to the challeng .
 german multiculturalism has 'failed , ' merkel says <sec> chancellor : the approach of saying `` let 's coexist and enjoy each other ... has failed '' .  immigrants must learn german and be educated in germany , she told cnn last month .  germany is about 5 percent muslim , the pew forum on religion & public life estimate .
 three women jointly receive nobel peace prize <sec> new : nobel chairman says the prize should serve as warning to dictators .  be not afraid to denounce injustice , ' sirleaf says in accepting the prize .  arab spring , africa provide backdrop to this year 's peace prize .  the three women are recognized for their struggle against injustice and sexual violenc .
 london theater to stage shakespeare 's plays in 37 languages <sec> shakespeare 's plays will be presented in 37 different languages .  theater companies from all over the world are taking part .  among them are groups from south sudan , afghanistan and the united states .  the globe to globe festival is part of london 's olympic build-u .
 court majority harshly critical of obamacare contraception mandate <sec> justices appear divided along ideological lines in oral argument .  hobby lobby , conestoga wood specialties say they run their firms with christian values .  obamacare 's contraception coverage requirements violate those values , they say .  requirements apply to the corporations , not the individual owners , the government say .
 co-hosts austria pay penalty against croatia <sec> croatia beat euro 2008 co-hosts austria 1-0 in opening group b match .  luka modric scores fourth-minute penalty after striker ivica olic is fouled .  austria battle back in the second half but miss a series of late chances .  croatia next play germany on thursday , while austria take on polan .
 july temps in the 40s ? parts of u.s. in for a chill <sec> parts of the upper midwest will see lows in the 40s next week .  temperatures to dip 10 to 20 degrees below normal in parts of the u.s . .  a typhoon rippled the jet stream , which will allow cool canadian air to drop sout .
 nigerian military retracts claim that abducted students were freed <sec> parents accuse the military of lying about the number of girls who are free .  one father says it 's only 14 of 129 ; official says at least 30 girls escaped .  military continues to search forest in northeast nigeria , official say .
 secret hotels of the loire valley <sec> hotel diderot in chinon is housed in a sprawling 15th-century home .  the 18-room la roseraie is a five-minute walk from château de chenonceau .  auberge du centre in chitenay has 26 brightly decorated room .
 fernando alonso : the family ties that bind ferrari 's f1 star <sec> the foundation for fernando alonso 's success stems from his family .  the spaniard remembers with fondness his childhood days of go-karting .  alonso looks forward to starting his own family one day : `` it is a goal of life '' .  but for now the 32-year-old says he wants to win more formula one title .
 nfl hall of famer taylor indicted on rape , child endangerment charges <sec> lawrence taylor was arrested may 6 after girl 's uncle alerted police .  he could be sentenced to a maximum of 4 years in prison if convicted .  he denies and `` is prepared to fight '' charges , his attorney say .
 opinion : good thing u.s. terrorist hunters were n't furloughed <sec> peter bergen : after 'blackhawk down ' disaster , u.s. stopped relying on special forces .  he says 9/11 led to renewed interest in using seals , other special forces .  bergen : weekend 's operations show obama 's continued support for special forces .  2009 rescue of u.s. merchant captain from pirates impressed obama , he say .
 oil spill : up to 50,400 gallons in yellowstone river <sec> an oil pipeline that crosses the yellowstone river burst near glendive , montana .  the yellowstone river is the longest undammed river in the united state .
 driver makes dramatic underwater escape after bridge collapses <sec> woman escapes from car ; another jogs under bridge moments before collapse .  woman 's car found at disaster site ; she 's safe at work .  number of people actually missing still unclear .  first lady laura bush visits minneapolis ; president to visit saturda .
 the new love interest in rory mcilroy 's life -- golf <sec> rory mcilroy says he has fallen in love with golf again in recent months .  two-time major winner recently split from fiancee caroline wozniacki .  northern irishman has been preparing for the british open in liverpool .  mcilroy hoping to improve on his third place finish at st andrew 's in 201 .
 facebook : why beheadings ... and not breasts ? <sec> facebook has lifted a ban imposed in may on the uploading and sharing of violent videos .  but the social media site 's rules means images of breastfeeding mothers may be removed .  facebook is trying to generate traffic from a narrow image of the world , shaun hides says .  if the site wanted public debate , it would have opened discussion of the change , he say .
 uss enterprise gives anchor to uss lincoln <sec> aircraft carrier uss enterprise in shipyard to have nuclear fuel removed .  uss abraham lincoln , in shipyard for overhaul , needed a new anchor .  30-ton , five-decade-old anchor from enterprise is installed on the lincol .
 child porn on museum suspect 's computer , fbi says <sec> computer found in apartment of 88-year old james von brunn .  fbi asks for more extensive search of the computers found in von brunn 's home .  fbi also searches von brunn 's car ; finds ammunition for .22 caliber rifl .
 'this bike is a pipe bomb ' band sticker clears memphis terminal <sec> police alerted after pilot saw bike with sticker saying `` this bike is a pipe bomb '' .  fears prompt evacuation of terminal , baggage claim at memphis airport .  `` this bike is a pipe bomb '' is the name of a band based in pensacola , florida .  bikes sporting similar stickers at college campuses led to bomb fear .
 billie jean king to russia 's lgbt community : you are not alone <sec> king is one of several gay members of the u.s. presidential delegation to sochi .  king says obama 's nomination of several gay athletes to the delegation sends a message .  king says she is concerned with treatment of lgbt community in russia .  king : this is not only a gay rights issue but a human rights issu .
 'sons of anarchy ' creator kurt sutter moves to documentary tv <sec> `` kurt sutter 's outlaw empires '' is a six-part series airing on the discovery channel .  documentary series looks at people who have defined their existence outside the law .  sutter is also the creator of `` sons of anarchy , '' the fx show about a biker gan .
 rioting rages in greece for third day <sec> new : authorities vow to re-impose order as rioting enters third day .  new : police say 34 civilians , 16 police officers injured monday in rioting .  protests exploded after police shoot dead a teenage boy in athens .  government says investigation into shooting is under wa .
 obama makes case for 'essential ' western leadership <sec> the united states and britain will `` stand with those who struggle , '' obama says .  he strongly defends u.s. leadership and values in a major speech to parliament .  obama is in the middle of a two-day state visit to britain blending pomp and politics .  queen elizabeth ii hosted a state dinner for him , while david cameron helped him serve burger .
 grammy awards show teams legends with new stars <sec> new : lady antebellum wins 5th grammy for the night .  new : eminen wins best rap album grammy .  esperanza spalding wins for best new artist .  rihanna makes a triumphant retur .
 u.s. army approves hormone therapy for chelsea manning <sec> `` this is an important first step in chelsea 's treatment regimen , '' her legal counsel says .  manning , whose former first name was bradley , had filed a lawsuit over the issue .  but she 's still not allowed to grow her hair like other female prisoners , the aclu say .
 adele dominates grammys as tributes to whitney houston flow <sec> adele gets long , loud standing ovation after proving her voice is strong after surgery .  beach boys ' reunion is a `` good vibration , '' mike love says after grammy performance .  glen campbell 's `` goodbye '' grammy performance showed no signs of disability .  chris brown wins grammy and performs three years after arres .
 terror suspect allegedly planned to attack marine base <sec> daniel boyd , another man charged with conspiring to murder u.s. military personnel .  boyd previously was charged with conspiring to provide support to terrorists .  authorities allege boyd led group training for holy war overseas .  boyd was arrested in jul .
 indian troops killed in suspected maoist attack <sec> new : at least 24 paramilitary troops and a civilian were killed in armed attack .  suspected maoists assaulted their camp in west bengal state on monday .  district official says indian troops retaliated with fire , two attackers apparently died .  maoists have claimed since the 1960s to be fighting for the dispossesse .
 cheers ! fine vintage is reward for miguel angel 's hole in one <sec> miguel angel jimenez claims hole in one at portugal masters .  spanish veteran achieves feat with seven iron to 168-yard 8th .  wins 100 bottles of red wine from the organizers .  david lynn claims title after final round 6 .
 video shows van der sloot confessing that he killed woman <sec> a video is aired monday by america tv and other peruvian news organizations .  van der sloot tells police he killed stephany flores and describes how he did it .  he was arrested in june 2010 and charged this month in the woman 's death .  his lawyer has said his client would confess to `` simple homicide '' but not other charge .
 sebastian vettel wins singapore grand prix to extend f1 title lead <sec> world champion sebastian vettel marches towards a fourth consecutive f1 title .  german dominates sunday 's singapore grand prix , winning for third successive year .  red bull star shrugs off post-race booing he receives from spectators .  title hopefuls fernando alonso and kimi raikkonen finish second and thir .
 hospital fined for breach of octuplet mom 's privacy <sec> nearly two dozen medical workers viewed nadya suleman 's records .  15 kaiser permanente employees lost jobs ; eight were disciplined .  no information from files was leaked to media , official say .
 why putin ca n't be forced to deal <sec> mark katz : obama and putin said they 'd cooperate but did n't say how they would .  he says obama appeared to want to befriend putin at g-20 , but putin was stiff and reserved .  he says if u.s. wo n't accommodate russia , russia wo n't accommodate u.s . .  katz : russia thinks u.s. mistaken on syria and regime 's ouster will bring worse carnag .
 neil patrick harris may sing at emmys <sec> neil patrick harris taking classy route at emmys sunday night .  `` how i met your mother '' actor may do some singing , probably no dancing .  `` mother '' begins new season ; harris ' barney character gets physical with robi .
 lego tells europe how to rebuild , brick by brick <sec> the boss of lego says europe needs to face up to its harsh economic reality .  jorgen vig knudstorp believes europeans think they are wealthier than they are .  he says europe needs to write-off some of its debt to avoid a stagnant economy for the next decad .
 man declared dead in '94 arrested in kidnapping case <sec> thomas steven sanders , 53 , was arrested in gulfport , mississippi .  in 1994 , he was legally declared dead by family members .  sanders is suspected of having kidnapped lexis roberts , 1 .
 report : north , south korea hold talks <sec> new : south , north korean officials start talks in panmunjom , yonhap reports .  the talks are another sign of thawing relations between the koreas .  north korea set off months of tensions with a long-range rocket launch in december .  it was followed by an underground nuclear test in februar .
