 nairobi airport blaze : international flights gradually resume <sec> new : airport officials say they 've set up tents to service the international area .  the fire at the main kenyan airport destroyed the international terminal .  it forced the closure of the airport after ravaging the international arrivals section .  no casualties were reporte .
 magic and mystery of pirot carpets <sec> carpets have been weaved in the town of pirot for 400 years .  they were hung in serbian royal palaces and celebrated across europe .  however , only 10 weavers still practice the craft today .  weavers say patterns have magical meanings and symbolis .
 newsquiz : week of january 9 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 after nearly 10 months , hijacked ship and crew are freed <sec> the mv suez was hijacked august 2 in the gulf of aden .  a $ 2.3 million ransom was paid , officials say .  a helicopter dropped the money to the pirates .  crew members are said to need medical attentio .
 airline passengers stuck in plane for 28 hours <sec> etihad airways blames heavy fog for keeping passengers on plane for 12 hours before an 18-hour flight .  the delay sparked tensions between passengers and crew on the flight from abu dhabi to san francisco .  in the u.s. , passengers can remain on the tarmac for 3 hours before they must be offered a chance to disembar .
 slain american teacher in libya devoted to his faith <sec> ronnie smith was a deacon in his church in austin , texas .  he moved to libya a year and a half ago and taught chemistry at international school benghazi .  gunmen killed the 33-year-old as he jogged outside his home in benghaz .
 u.s. open , after rain issues , to have two retractable roofs <sec> the u.s. open will have a retractable roof over arthur ashe stadium as early as 2016 .  the tournament has been affected by rain since 2008 , leading to monday finals .  new and bigger second and third show courts will also be constructed on site .  this year 's tournament will be without jo-wilfried tsonga , who pulled out injure .
 obama administration could expand syria mission <sec> an expanded mission could target not just isis but also al qaeda-affiliated jabhat al-nusra .  `` nothing is off the table completely , '' a senior u.s. official tells cnn .  military officials make it clear the pentagon is not anxious to undertake such strikes .  such expansion likely would be seen as `` mission creep .
 four things about crimea 's referendum <sec> crimea is 60 % russian .  the crimean referendum may be illegitimate , experts say .  it 's unclear what will happen if the referendum passe .
 corporal punishment policies around the world <sec> more than 100 nations ban corporal punishment in schools , while 31 ban it everywhere .  the u.s. has no laws banning corporal punishment at home ; some states have school bans .  sweden was the first country to adopt an across-the-board ba .
 china condemns obama meeting with dalai lama <sec> u.s. president to meet with buddhist spiritual leader at the white house on saturday .  china 's foreign ministry asks obama to reverse the decision to meet with the dalai lama .  the dalai lama has been in washington for nearly two week .
 pakistan prime minister : drone strike wo n't derail taliban peace talks <sec> pakistan 's prime minister says a drone strike harmed `` dialogue and peace efforts '' .  but prime minister nawaz sharif says the government wo n't allow talks to be derailed .  former leader hakimullah mehsud was killed in a u.s. drone strike on friday .  pakistan 's cabinet ministers decry drone attacks as `` unacceptable .
 9 places to party like it 's 1929 <sec> the velvet tango room in cleveland was a speakeasy during the '20s .  the violet hour in chicago mixes cocktails with eight kinds of ice .  in boston , the beehive presents jazz , cabaret and burlesque performance .
 opinion : israelis , palestinians in game with no end <sec> aaron miller : five elements to keep in mind in this israeli-palestinian conflict .  miller : this is not a third intifada ; the conflict has become personalized .  miller : gaza is exploding again ; there is not much the u.s. can do .  what will happen next ? .  miller says it 's unlikely the situation will chang .
 algeria officially lifts state of emergency <sec> the action lifts restrictions on freedom of speech and assembly .  the emergency declaration was first imposed in 1992 .  like other nearby nations , algeria has experienced recent protest .
 opinion : the hypocrisy of big-time college sports <sec> gordon schnell and david scupp argue that amateurism in college sports is now a myth .  college athletes , they say , are responsible for the billions the ncaa earns each year .  they should be paid , they argue , and not exploite .
 francesco schettino : costa concordia captain who sailed into notoriety <sec> costa concordia captain francesco schettino convicted , gets 16 years for shipwreck .  schettino comes from seafaring background and went to well-regarded nautical institute .  schettino has blamed colleagues , and even the ship itself for the disaste .
 dogfighters get creative as spotlight on vick case fades <sec> dogfighters are using web cams , staging fights in 18-wheelers to avoid police .  vick case brought attention to dogfighting , but cases have not decreased .  detective : anyone who wants to get into dogfighting needs `` bad character '' referenc .
 what is parkinson 's disease ? <sec> parkinson 's disease is a progressive disorder of the nervous system .  neurons die , leaving the brain with a deficit of a chemical called dopamine .  approximately 1 million people in the united states have parkinson ' .
 new york man charged in boy 's killing placed under suicide watch <sec> levi aron appeared in a new york court to be formally charged .  defense attorneys said aron hears voices and requested a mental evaluation .  leiby kletzky , 8 , went missing monday .  police recovered human remains they believe to be those of kletzk .
 saudi rape lawyer hearing delayed <sec> saudi rape victim 's lawyer says case has elicited calls for his beheading .  new : abdul rahman al-lahem has had his disciplinary hearing postponed .  al-lahem : `` i belong to a new generation of lawyers '' .  lawyer singles out chief judge , says he fails to grasp world is changin .
 gas pipes and price hikes : ukraine , russia 's uneasy alliance <sec> ukraine and russia have long-standing feud over gas supply lines .  ukraine is big importer of russian gas , while russia depends on ukraine pipeline .  in recent years , ukraine has tried to diversify its energy supply to reduce dependence .  liquid gas imports , underground shale gas and green energy are among new source .
 could your next burger be camel meat ? <sec> camel milk and meat products have become trendy in the uae .  shops sell everything from camel hotdogs to camel milk gelato .  camel products are going global ; the eu allowed for camel milk trade last yea .
 financial drama hits bollywood as accountants go on set <sec> the economic downturn and a producer 's strike have hit bollywood financially .  foreign money pouring into mumbai 's film industry a year ago is now trickling in .  it 's harder to get funding for films , and accountants are on set auditing daily .  some producers are positive , saying bollywood needs to make fewer , better film .
 larry king : the day my father died <sec> larry was 9 years old when his father died of a heart attack in 1943 .  larry says he has blocked much of that day from his memory .  he recalls a police officer broke the news , then took him to see a movie .  larry refused to attend funeral though he and his father were extremely clos .
 the left is pushing obama to use his executive authority <sec> president obama has pledged to use executive orders to further his agenda .  nearly 250 lawmakers ask obama for lgbt employment discrimination executive order .  pressure on executive orders could complicate the president 's agenda with congres .
 'icarly ' star miranda cosgrove hurt in tour bus crash <sec> cosgrove 's music tour is put on hold by the wreck , rep says .  the five people on the bus `` will be fine , '' rep says .  the crash happened tuesday on i-70 near vandalia , illinoi .
 2002 memo : had to be intent to inflict 'severe pain ' to be torture <sec> memo : to violate torture law , must have intent to inflict severe suffering .  obama says releasing memos vital to maintaining transparency , accountability .  legal memos offered guidance to cia on `` enhanced interrogation '' .  no prosecution for actions consistent with memos , official say .
 baz luhrmann 's eye for the spectacular <sec> australian filmmaker grew up in a small town working at his father 's gas station .  always had a eye for stories and vivid imagination .  'strictly ballroom ' was his first film and was a surprise hi .
 ugandan gay rights activist bludgeoned to death <sec> new : president obama says the activist was advocate for fairness and freedom .  david kato 's name was published on a list of the nation 's `` top homosexuals '' last year .  the ugandan tabloid story reignited anti-gay sentiments .  it was unclear whether his killing was tied to the front-page stor .
 officials : boko haram kidnaps 185 , kills 32 <sec> boko haram overruns a nigerian village in pickup trucks , shooting at men .  the insurgents douse houses with gasoline and set them on fire .  they round up women , girls and boys and kidnap them .  news takes days to get out , since telecommunications towers had been destroye .
 iran 's supreme leader rejects vote fraud claims <sec> iran 's supreme leader rejects claims of ballot rigging in presidential vote .  ayatollah khamenei delivers first speech since election outcome sparked unrest .  he criticizes protests , says those who caused violence would be held accountable .  he also criticizes international media for how they have portrayed the electio .
 stop the war on comedy <sec> dean obeidallah : a new war has broken out -- a war on comedy .  he says the war started when rush limbaugh 's defenders attacked bill maher .  obeidallah : so what exactly is the line that comedians are prohibited from breaching ? .  he says political comedy must not be stifled ; hateful jokes are a proble .
 exploring hong kong 's rich duality <sec> with an intense urban center and outlying natural beauty , hong kong is a paradox .  take advantage of hong kong 's cooler fall weather and explore its scenic islands .  explore hong kong via tram or ferry for an inexpensive , fun way to sightse .
 immigration : a gop strategy beyond yelling 'no ' <sec> stewart verdery : gop should resist temptation to just blast obama 's immigration move .  he says the president has discretion to change the way deportation decisions are made .  gop should oppose obama granting work permits but should pass smart reforms , he says .  verdery : blocking immigration reform of any kind will be an albatross for gop in 201 .
 sochi winter olympics are warm , but it 's not a problem <sec> sochi is the warmest winter games location .  february average temperatures range between 3˚c ( 37˚f ) and 10˚c ( 50˚f ) .  however , `` mountain cluster '' venues significantly colder due to altitude .  snow-making machines and last year 's snow means slopes will remain covere .
 behind robin williams was great comic jonathan winters <sec> robin williams became a comedian because of jonathan winters .  as a boy , williams saw how his stern father laughed at winters on television .  williams called winters his `` comedy buddha '' .  both comics enjoyed great careers -- and dark moments in their personal live .
 ex-manchester united boss david moyes back in football <sec> david moyes appointed manager at spanish la liga club real sociedad .  moyes has been out of football since being sacked by manchester united in april .  scottish coach was hand-picked to take over at old trafford by alex ferguson .  moyes lasted less than a season at old trafford after a difficult campaig .
 russian warship apprehends somali pirates <sec> russian cruiser halted two small high-speed motor boats and a support vessel .  russia : 10 pirates have been detained -- all of them are citizens of somalia .  mt chemstar venus released late thursday , ecoterra international says .  follows release of ukrainian ship carrying tanks after a $ 3.2m ransom was pai .
 advances in kids ' early aging disease <sec> devin scullion has outlived doctors ' expectations .  he has a rare disease called progeria that causes him to age prematurely .  a clinical trial of a new drug has researchers optimistic .  devin 's mother hopes she is able to see her son reach adulthoo .
 trends : life outsourcing <sec> companies use skilled staff in asian call centers to act as a personal assistants .  `` virtual assistants will help with work or life 's daily chores .  some using these services for more personal means like finding date .
 defense rests case in elizabeth smart kidnapping <sec> new : defense rests ; prosecution rebuttal could take five days .  brian mitchell is charged with kidnapping the utah teenager in 2002 .  smart , who was 14 at the time , was abducted from her bedroo .
 exit : from youth protest to blockbuster festival <sec> serbia 's exit festival has been named europe 's best music festival .  it started as a student protest against the milosevic regime .  it soon developed into a major event hosting famous international artists .  over 2.5 million people from 60 countries have visited exit since 200 .
 djokovic and federer through to third round of indian wells <sec> world no . .  3 novak djokovic eases past andrey golubev to reach third round of indian wells .  roger federer also progresses with a straight sets win over russia 's igor andreev .  andy roddick sets up round three meeting with john isner after defeating james blake .  jurgen melzer , stanislas wawrinka and tomas berdych also reach next roun .
 curitiba stadium retains world cup status <sec> curitiba 's arena da baixada retains world cup status after satisfying fifa .  fifa secretary general says it is 'essential ' that progress is maintained .  stadium set to host four world cup group game .
 obama : u.s. , saudi arabia have 'strategic relationship ' <sec> new : president obama says u.s. , saudi arabia `` have a long history of friendship '' .  obama wants to repair u.s. image in mideast , muslim community .  president 's speech in egypt will call for open dialogue with muslims .  middle east observer say muslims want to see action from obam .
 killings of mountain gorillas in congo prompt u.n. probe <sec> deaths of 4 mountain gorillas bring number killed this year in national park to 7 .  gorillas belonged to a group that was frequently visited by tourists .  u.n. agency : the situation threatens to become an ecological disaste .
 hagel : gitmo transfers caused friction with white house - cnnpolitics.com <sec> u.s. eventually may find it necessary to deploy noncombat troops to iraq front lines , hagel says .  hagel says `` not everyone at the white house '' has agreed with him on how to release detainees .  but hagel still backed the white house on the decision to swap a gitmo prisoner for sgt . .  bowe bergdah .
 contestants in harmony on the unifying power of 'arab idol ' <sec> middle eastern version of `` american idol '' is the feel-good story of the year .  performers say they 're lucky to be part of show , talk about its power to bring people together .  `` i 'm trying to make people love one another again , '' syrian singer says .  executive producer 's proud to be part of `` something that all of the arab world '' can unite o .
 chief : man killed by officer was not armed <sec> tony robinson , 19 , was unarmed when an officer killed him , police chief says .  officer has been involved in a fatal shooting on duty in 2007 , chief says .  activists hit the streets and take to twitter to vent anger over the shootin .
 widow of man who freed exotic animals wo n't get them back soon <sec> new : a quarantine order will keep the animals at the zoo , the governor 's spokesman says .  columbus zoo officials had hoped to continue caring for the animals .  terry thompson freed lions , tigers , leopards and more at his preserve near zanesvill .
 4 dead , 16 wounded in pakistan school bus attack <sec> new : a taliban group claims responsibility for a school bus attack near peshawar .  new : four died in the attack , 16 were wounded .  police : similar attacks have occurred recently as residents have resisted the taliba .
 thais , cambodians test cease-fire along tense border <sec> unit level commanders worked out the hiatus .  indonesia has offered to help resolve the crisis .  ancient temples are at the core of the disput .
 'the hypnotist ' unleashes terrifying events <sec> lars kepler is the pen name of a married couple from sweden .  `` the hypnotist '' has become a best-seller in 36 countries and is being made into a movie .  alexander ahndoril 's brother is a hypnotist and provided information for the book .  `` lars '' in lars kepler is an homage to swedish author stieg larsso .
 businessman arranges burial rites for about 2,500 quake victims <sec> many earthquake victims were dumped in mass graves about 45 minutes northeast of capital .  daniel rouzier says `` total lack of respect for the dead '' is countercultural to haiti .  rouzier ordered equipment to dig fresh trenches , commissioned 5 metal crosses .  `` i 'm very grateful to be able to do this , '' says rouzier , who owns a car dealershi .
 'why nigeria 's anti-gay bill sickens me ' <sec> nigeria joins other african nations outlawing homosexuality as bill passed in senate .  homosexual marriage in nigeria is now a crime punishable by a 14-year jail term .  jideonwo says many nigerians are convinced that homosexuality is `` of the devil .
 military aircraft dispatched in australia floods <sec> authorities : military helicopters and cargo plane used to evacuate patients at hospital .  report : body of woman who handed her son off to rescuers recovered .  thousands ordered to evacuate in towns in queensland and new south wale .
 red cross : zanzibar ferry capsizes , killing dozens <sec> new : death toll rises to 60 , with more than 80 people still unaccounted for .  rescuers pluck 145 people from the choppy waters , red cross says .  the vessel had about 290 people aboard -- including 31 children , it says .  ferries in the region often carry passengers not included in the manifes .
 broadway box office : christmas comes early as 12 shows top $ 1 million <sec> a dozen broadway shows topped $ 1 million at the box office for the week ending nov. 25 .  shows like `` wicked , '' `` the lion king '' and `` the book of mormon '' topped the list .  `` scandalous '' with book and lyrics by kathie lee gifford did less wel .
 south africa ready for world cup as socceroos fly in <sec> australia is first football team to arrive in south africa ahead of the world cup .  the socceroos were the first team to qualify and will play germany in their first match .  five-time winners brazil also arrived in south africa on thursday .  90,000 extra world cup tickets will go on sale on friday mornin .
 hundreds begin protests against florida immigration bills <sec> demonstrators are mostly students , farm workers , immigrant families and advocates .  bills would force employers to verify proper documentation , senator says .  the bills come as arizona 's immigration law is stuck in a federal appeals cour .
 michael jackson : king of pop business <sec> jackson transformed the role of artists as power brokers .  estate includes ownership of half the beatles catalogue .  bragman : `` he rewrote the history of the entertainment industry in his time '' .  report : debts estimated at $ 500 million at the time of his deat .
 new jersey man arrested after 6-year-old 's throat slit <sec> a 6-year-old boy is dead and his 12-year-old sister is seriously injured .  osvaldo rivera , 31 , is charged with murder and attempted murder .  he told prosecutors he was under the influence of `` wet '' -- marijuana with pc .
 tanzania 's dynamic leader : jakaya kikwete <sec> tanzania 's fourth president elected in 2005 with 80 percent of popular vote .  joined the military after university before going into politics .  aspires for a `` united states of africa '' with a single government .  was the first african leader to meet u.s. president obama in washington d.c .
