 bid it ! jackson gifts heading for auction <sec> fans and associates of michael jackson have contacted julien 's auctions to sell gifts , collectibles .  auction slated november 21 at the hard rock cafe in new york 's times square .  items include famous white glove , handwritten `` beat it '' lyrics , `` thriller '' costume .
 family of jailed researcher : u.s.-russia prisoner swap in works <sec> new : bail hearing set for friday for one suspect in russian spy case .  new : arraignment of all 10 suspects in the united states set for new york federal court on thursday .  scientist in russian jail relays plans for exchange to mother , brother .  igor sutyagin had to sign a letter admitting guilt , his brother tells cn .
 woods charges into lead with 65 on happy hunting ground <sec> tiger woods charges to top of leader board at torrey pines .  shoots seven-under 65 in farmers insurance open .  woods has halfway total of 11-under 133 in california .  england 's chris wood shoots 64 to lead qatar masters going into final roun .
 the politics of tibetan self-immolations <sec> groups : 48 tibetans self-immolated in tibetan parts of china without political change .  yet a tunisian 's setting himself afire set off arab spring , he says . .  why was that different ? .  he writes : the tunisian spoke to everyone 's despair ; tibetan protesters have varying goals .  bradatan : tibetans are nonviolent , but some may be tired of dalai lama 's pacifis .
 obama : 'extremely low ' odds of u.s. ebola outbreak <sec> president obama says foreign leaders need to do more to fight ebola .  he calls the odds of an outbreak in the united states `` extremely low '' .  he says the white house is developing new protocols for airline screenin .
 gymnast shawn johnson calls retirement 'surreal ' <sec> shawn johnson won four olympic medals and a season of `` dancing with the stars '' .  she is retiring at 20 because of recurring knee problems .  `` it was definitely one of the hardest decisions i 've ever made , '' johnson say .
 french library discovers rare shakespeare 's first folio <sec> a librarian stumbles across a previously unknown shakespeare 's first folio .  the copy had been misfiled decades ago in the library in saint-omer .  the book , printed in 1623 , is one of fewer than 240 known to exist in the world .  a u.s. shakespeare expert authenticated the copy found in saint-ome .
 guo bin , chinese boy whose eyes were gouged out , leaves hospital <sec> a chinese boy whose eyes were gouged out in an attack in august has been discharged from hospital .  he received prosthetic eye implants that restore his appearance , but not his sight .  authorities suspect his aunt , who subsequently committed suicide , is responsible for the brutal attac .
 fighting dogs face grim future <sec> dogs that survive the fighting pit are almost always euthanized .  50 remaining pit bulls seized from michael vick 's property could be euthanized .  roughly half of all dogs euthanized at shelters are pit bulls or pit bull mixes .  pit bulls can be good pets if bought as puppies and raised properl .
 democrats best republicans in congressional baseball <sec> the republicans fall to the dems 8-2 .  participants say the event helps improve relations .  the event raised money for literacy and childrens charities in washingto .
 official : police dog found dead inside patrol car in georgia <sec> spartacus was a 3-year-old belgian malinois at the woodstock police department .  the k-9 was cross-trained in drug detection , tracking and apprehension , police say .  authorities are not identifying spartacus ' handler .  the handler has been placed on administrative leave , authorities sa .
 what will airbus a380 fault mean for passengers and airlines ? <sec> the european air safety agency has ordered safety checks for all airbus a380s after cracks were found in the wings .  the a380 can potentially carry more than 800 passengers and is said by an industry expert to be a very quiet aircraft .  its main rival is the boeing 747-8 which is also claimed to be quiet and efficient .  airbus says it has found a `` repair solution .
 activists slam rio+20 sustainable development summit as a 'hoax ' <sec> campaigners call rio+20 summit a `` hoax '' and a `` failure of epic proportions '' .  the three-day meeting ended with an agreement on the document `` the future we want '' .  u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon says rio+20 `` affirmed fundamental principles '' .  $ 513 billion has been committed to a number of causes , the united nations say .
 dalai lama honor stokes u.s.-chinese tensions <sec> new : dalai lama : china 's allegation of a hidden agenda is unfounded , untrue .  president bush encourages china to sit down with `` man of peace '' .  white house says it is n't `` poking a stick '' in china 's eye with dalai lama honor .  china : u.s. leaders `` violate the basic principles of international relations .
 could volcanic eruptions signal boom time for ocean life ? <sec> scientists test if volcanic ash has prolonged phytoplankton blooms .  sub-polar atlantic is vital in absorbing carbon dioxide .  volcanic eruption gave unique opportunity for researc .
 dortmund extend german lead as bayern claim second place <sec> borussia dortmund return to winning form with a 2-0 victory at home to st. pauli .  german leaders now have a 13-point advantage over bayern munich and bayer leverkusen .  bayern up to second place on goal difference after winning 3-1 away to mainz .  hanover consolidate fourth following 3-1 win over struggling kaiserslauter .
 american student 'safe and well ' in syria <sec> tik root , 21 , remains in the hands of syrian authorities , his father says .  the student from ripton , vermont , was last seen on march 18 .  his parents believe he was watching a demonstration in damascus .  sen. patrick leahy is assisting in student 's retur .
 cnn poll : football fans conflicted about nfl <sec> poll respondents say bullying , murder case does n't affect their view of nfl .  but a majority say something should be done about violence , bullying .  about half think something should be done regarding football injurie .
 a traditional papacy ends with a surprise <sec> pope benedict 's resignation leaves the church and the world in unfamiliar , but not entirely uncharted , territory .  this pope will go down in history as more interested in high-end theology than modern evangelism .  he was unable to hit the right note when it came to addressing the priest sex abuse scandal .  it seems likely this careful theologian and prototypical company man will fade quietly from public vie .
 teen detained in kuwait back in u.s . <sec> new : gulet mohamed is questioned by fbi , met by family at dulles international airport .  mohamed , 19 , is suing the u.s. government over the alleged detention . .  mohamed had been trapped in kuwait for nearly a month .  mohamed went to the mideast to visit relatives and to learn arabic , according to the lawsui .
 holy man castrates self after india guru asaram bapu arrested for raping 16-year old <sec> indian guru asaram bapu , 72 , charged with raping 16-year-old school girl .  bapu follower , baba premdas , castrates self , found bleeding in home .  bapu has denied all sexual assault allegations .  india has gained international attention over series of rapes since december 201 .
 gems , cash stolen in hatton garden heist in london <sec> robbers may have taken advantage of a four-day holiday weekend .  estimates of the value of the items taken rage from hundreds of thousands of pounds to 200 million pounds .  the heist took place in a historic heart of london 's jewelry busines .
 christie tries to move past bridge scandal <sec> new : gov . .  christie pledges cooperation with all inquiries into ongoing scandal .  new jersey 's state of the state address takes on national interest .  christie briefly mentions controversy over alleged political retribution .  federal auditors are investigating the use of superstorm sandy relief fund .
 real clinch la liga with win at bilbao ; messi breaks goal record <sec> real madrid beat athletic bilbao 3-0 to clinch la liga title .  lionel messi sets scoring record in earlier barcelona win over malaga .  ajax clinch dutch title with 2-0 win over vvv venlo .  juventus lead cut to one point in serie a with 1-1 draw against lecc .
 oil drilling platform arrives at chilean mine to aid in rescue <sec> new : one miner 's sister says the drill is `` hope for the boys '' .  platform , called plan c , will be part of operation to drill to reach the miners .  plan a drill is making progress ; plan b drill has hit a snag .  33 miners have been trapped for 35 days , 2,300 feet under the eart .
 opinion : is iran ready to deal on nukes ? <sec> terri lodge , matthew wallin : iran president rouhani shows signs of wanting to resolve nuke issue .  they say un general assembly this month will offer chance to affirm this . .  do his words matter ? .  they say iran , u.s. both testing . .  u.s. will want concrete actions before easing sanctions .  writers : congress must be flexible and be willing on diplomatic solutio .
 fire leaves costa cruise ship adrift , coast guard says <sec> an engine room fire leaves the costa allegra without propulsion , authorities say .  its sister ship , the costa concordia , shipwrecked last month , killing at least 2 .
 california 'actively reviewing ' charity executive <sec> under a 2007 settlement , terri crisp agreed not to serve as a charity official .  yet , last year , she was named as one of spca international 's directors and officers .  california 's attorney general is now reviewing crisp 's involvement with spca .
 faa begins process to close 168 towers on april 1 <sec> agency makes contingency plans over spending cuts .  control towers at dozens of airports may be closed .  most are small or medium , operated by contractors .  faa informs its staff of possible furlough .
 u.s. lawsuit targets fifa 's rules on player concussions <sec> lawsuit filed against fifa claiming it is n't doing enough about concussion in soccer .  action alleges fifa has failed to adopt effective policies to manage concussions .  fifa president sepp blatter said recently that topic of concussion has `` highest priority '' .  german midfielder christoph kramer played on after being knocked out in world cup fina .
 why do tennis greats struggle at the french open ? <sec> legendary players like sampras and federer have failed to win french open title .  roland garros is the only grand slam tennis event held on clay courts .  four-time winner bjorn borg on the french open : `` it is toughest to win on clay .
 attacks in afghanistan kill 10 , including an isaf member <sec> an isaf service member is killed by `` direct fire '' .  a roadside bomb kills nine civilians .  a suicide truck bomb outside an isaf military base wounds 13 peopl .
 racing team owner roush 's plane cartwheeled , ntsb says <sec> new : the ntsb says nascar team owner jack roush 's plane rolled hard to the right and cartwheeled upon landing .  roush was in serious , but stable , condition wednesday .  another passenger , brenda strickland , is in good condition .  roush , an airplane enthusiast , was heading to an air show to present his vintage plane and sign autograph .
 disarming the velvet revolution <sec> cnn producer tomas etzler was in czech military in 1989 .  etzler launched petition to ensure military would not attack anti-communist protesters .  etzler was threatened by military top brass because of his involvemen .
 are human viruses killing world 's last remaining gorillas ? <sec> less than 900 mountain gorillas remain in the wild as a result of deforestation , poaching .  gladys kalema-zikusoka has spent 20 years spearheading strategy for gorilla/human co-existence .  she says each gorilla group provides $ 1 million for locals but tourism comes at a cost .  research is showing the effect of human interaction with world 's largest primate .
 supplier recalls frozen vegetables because of glass fragments <sec> the products are sold by wal-mart and kroger .  packages may contain glass fragments .  consumers can return them to place of purchase for a full refun .
 corruption charges dropped against retired mexican general <sec> retired gen. tomas angeles dauahare faced charges of corruption .  he was accused of ties with a drug cartel .  prosecutors said they had no evidence to incriminate angeles dauahar .
 social workers threaten to thwart teen sailor 's record bid <sec> laura dekker , 13 , wants to become youngest person to sail solo around globe .  dutch social workers say it is too dangerous and want to prevent her .  dekker may apply for new zealand passport to start bid there instead .  comes as 17-year-old english teen breaks current recor .
 weather can wreak havoc on fireworks shows <sec> high winds and rainstorms can pose serious challenges to fireworks shows .  severe weather affected fireworks three of past four years in ocean city , maryland .  winds can cancel a fireworks celebration , although light rain often will not .  one fireworks company weathered a sandstorm before a show in duba .
 opinion : how detroit can rise again <sec> bruce katz , jennifer bradley : revival in ohio , pittsburgh should give hope to detroit .  they say after steel 's collapse , pittsburgh diversified economy based on 'eds and meds ' .  they say in ohio , philanthropies pooled resources to tap into cities ' potential strengths .  writers : some of these strategies already underway in detroit ; story 's not over ye .
 letter : democrat told cia not to destroy interrogation tapes <sec> letter : rep. jane harman said destroying tapes would `` reflect badly on '' cia .  last month , the cia acknowledged videotapes were made in 2002 .  tapes showed the harsh interrogations of two terrorist suspects .  in one instance , a tape shows detainee undergoing waterboardin .
 appeals court scrutinizes virginia same-sex marriage ban <sec> judges in richmond express different views on hot-button issue .  the virginia appeal is similar to others across the country .  they confront a question unanswered by the supreme court on equal protection .  ruling on virginia ban would impact several other state .
 'kingdoms of amalur : reckoning ' is a deep , rich experience <sec> players are able to pick and refine their characters with specific skills and abilities .  at least 170 quests drive the immense story line .  r.a. salvatore envisioned and wrote 10,000 years ' worth of history for amalu .
 winter storm part deux : this time , we 're ready , says georgia <sec> georgia 's governor says officials are `` ahead of the game this time '' .  he declares a state of emergency for 45 counties .  atlanta says school will be closed tuesday and wednesday .  a winter storm is expected to hit the southeast monday nigh .
 chinese hackers : no site is safe <sec> chinese hackers claim to have broken into pentagon 's system .  the hackers met with cnn on an island near a chinese naval hub .  hackers say beijing secretly pays them at times , something the government denies .  official : `` the chinese government does not do such a thing .
 pope benedict sends first personal tweet <sec> new : pope benedict 's first tweet prompts a range of reactions in the twitterverse .  new : `` coolest pope in history ! '' .  tweets one excited follower .  the pontiff had around 700,000 followers on his english account within an hour of his first tweet .  `` i am pleased to get in touch with you through twitter , '' pope benedict say .
 tsunami-hit sendai faces uncertain future <sec> sendai is a city of around 1 million people ; only 80 miles from 8.9 magnitude quake epicenter .  tsunami has left widespread devastation of city 's suburbs and surrounding region .  disaster will greatly damage fishing and farming industries near city .  may cause more migration of young people from the city and miyagi prefectur .
 study : proximity to fast-food restaurants linked to stroke risk <sec> study looked at 1,247 strokes in nueces county , texas .  risk of stroke in a neighborhood increased by 1 percent for every fast-food restaurant .  spokeswoman for national restaurant association says study is flawe .
 fedex cup : billy horschel chooses golf over baby 's birth <sec> billy horschel shares lead with chris kirk after round one of tour championship .  horschel 's wife is due to give birth to their first child this month .  golfer is in contention to win the $ 10 million fedex cup prize .  he says he will keep playing if his wife goes into labor during tournamen .
 randy travis remains under heavy sedation , in critical condition <sec> randy travis ' family asks for prayers , support two days after his brain surgery .  surgery relieved pressure on his brain after a stroke .  stroke was a complication of his congestive heart failur .
 two charged in bizarre x-ray terror plot <sec> pair arrested tuesday after an undercover operation ; they 're expected in court wednesday .  a device the suspects created was deemed inoperable and not a threat to the public .  they aimed to use the device on enemies of israel , a department of justice news release say .
 madeleine mccann family 's alleged harasser found dead <sec> a uk woman is found dead days after being accused of being a `` troll '' by sky news .  sky confronted her over claims of online attacks against the family of madeleine mccann .  madeleine disappeared from her family 's holiday apartment in portugal in 2007 , aged 3 .  british police reopened their investigation into her disappearance in july 201 .
 after months of mystery , china unveils new top leaders <sec> the chinese communist party faces `` severe challenges , '' xi says .  china 's new elite group of leaders are presented to the news media .  xi jinping becomes head of the powerful central military commission .  the event follows months of secretive deal-making and rumor .
 mccain faces questions on age , health <sec> if elected president , john mccain , 72 , would be the oldest man to begin a first term .  since '93 , mccain has had four skin cancers removed , including a melanoma .  to dispel worries , mccain 's team released medical records to select reporter .
 why viola davis gets it right <sec> viola davis is nominated for an oscar ; jimi izrael says she must win .  he says black women would like to see better roles that show them as rounded , complex .  he says davis ' role might be stereotypical , but she breathes life into it , makes it extraordinary .  izrael : some may complain , but davis may be opening the door wider for blacks in movie .
 golf goes under the hammer <sec> golf memorabilia remains popular with fans despite tough economic times .  the most valuable items can be sold at auction for as much as $ 500,000 .  programs from golf 's majors and the ryder cup are the most collectabl .
 'boyhood ' wins big at 2015 british academy film awards <sec> `` boyhood '' wins best film at baftas .  scientist stephen hawking draws cheers as he presents onstage .  the ceremony is often seen as a prediction for the oscar .
 two palestinians on hunger strike nearing death , lawyer says <sec> bilal diab , 27 , and tha'er halahlah , 33 , have entered day 70 of a hunger strike .  their lawyer : condition for both has gone `` from very bad to extremely worse '' .  up to 2,000 palestinians detained in israeli prisons staging a mass hunger strik .
 6 arrested in colombian assassination attempt <sec> police say they arrested six gang members .  former minister fernando londono survived a bombing that killed two in may .  authorities suspect a minor threw the bomb at the vehicle londono was riding i .
 va. congressmen seek probe of trashed voter registration forms - cnnpolitics.com <sec> employee accused of throwing out voter registration forms .  virginia lawmakers seek federal inquiry .  state attorney general expands his investigatio .
 how many troops are enough for afghanistan strategy ? <sec> the war in afghanistan passed the 8-year mark last week .  obama and his national security team are working on a new strategy .  his top commander there has reportedly called for 40,000 more troop .
 crime classic parker is back in black <sec> richard stark 's one-named hero parker was the star of two dozen crime-fiction books .  darwyn cooke has taken up parker 's exploits in a new series of graphic novels .  cooke will debut his newest book , `` the score , '' at san diego comic-con this wee .
 ten people killed after bus collides with train <sec> three people are in critical condition .  eight inmates and two correctional officers die in crash .  bus traveling from abilene to el pas .
 sheriff apologizes to man dumped from wheelchair <sec> surveillance footage shows brian sterner being dumped from his wheelchair .  sheriff david gee : `` i am personally embarrassed and shocked '' .  the deputy seen in the video has been suspended without pay .  three supervisors who were on duty during the incident have also been suspende .
