 commentary : gay is not the new black <sec> lz granderson : blacks tired of hearing about gays ' disappointment in obama .  he says black gays strongly support first african-american president .  he says gay rights movement is not comparable to the civil rights struggle .  granderson : gay movement has to overcome its own racial issue .
 report : ethics troubles complicated christie 's chances for 2012 ticket - cnnpolitics.com <sec> concerns included investigation of christie 's travel expenditures while u.s. attorney . .  revelation included in new book by reporters on presidential campaign , `` double down '' .  christie faces new jersey voters next week in gubernatorial reelection bid .  book also says obama campaign conducted focus groups , polling about replacing biden with clinto .
 cruise ship passengers , family vent online <sec> as the triumph headed ashore , passengers shared their frustrations and concerns .  passengers and crew lived in squalid conditions since a fire knocked out power sunday .  you can read the latest from the cruise ship on cnn 's live blog .  know someone who was on the ship ? .  share your story with cnn irepor .
 negotiations under way with iran over iranian-american 's release <sec> businessman reza taghavi of california has been held in iran since may 2008 arrest .  attorney pierre prosper says he 's been talking to iranian officials since september 2009 .  family initially kept the detention a secret , fearing publicity would inflame situation .  taghavi came to the united states in 1979 before the islamic revolutio .
 iran nuclear plant gets official launch <sec> bushehr is the first civilian nuclear power plant operating in the middle east .  it was connected to the grid september 3 .  an iaea report cites increasing concerns iran may be developing nuclear weapons .  bushehr is a civilian plant , not a nuclear on .
 supreme court oks investor lawsuits in ponzi scheme case <sec> case involves texas financier allen stanford , convicted in a $ 7 billion ponzi scheme .  insurance brokers , financial services companies , law firms associated with him were sue .
 record millions flocked to national parks last year <sec> national park service hosts record-breaking number of visits .  golden gate national recreational area is most popular site .  great smoky mountain is most popular national par .
 does having children make you happy ? <sec> a married woman tells cnn.com why she does not want to have children .  sociologists find parents experience emotional distress more often than childless adults .  nearly one in five american women ends her childbearing years without having a child .  profiled sociologist does not suggest americans should avoid having kid .
 no budget ? no stars ? no problem ! how to really sell a film at cannes <sec> cannes ' film market is one of the world 's biggest and movies of every kind sold there .  more than 5,000 movies were vying for sales at the market in 2013 .  so , how do filmmakers get attention .
 nathan dunlap on death row for chuck e. cheese killings <sec> convicted quadruple murderer 's execution on hold , but a new governor could push it forward .  in 1993 , nathan dunlap shot four chuck e. cheese workers to death in aurora , colorado .  gov . .  john hickenlooper gave dunlap an indefinite `` temporary reprieve '' from death sentence .  the killing sparked statewide debate about how to punish society 's worst criminal .
 wikileaks : indian government accused of condoning torture in kashmir <sec> the cable gives a detailed summary of the icrc 's interviews with detainees and allegations of torture .  interviews include reports of sexual abuse , stretching and the use of water and electricity .  the icrc acknowledges that the human rights situation in kashmir has improved .
 customers crowd aig subsidiary in singapore <sec> hundreds queue outside aig subsidiary in singapore following news of u.s. bailout .  u.s. fed announces $ 85 billion loan to one of world 's largest insurers .  singapore offices try to ease worries of policyholder .
 giant horse to tower over uk countryside <sec> giant horse announced as winner of competition to design new landmark .  equine artwork is brainchild of conceptual artist mark wallinger .  design 's selectors describe sculpture as `` outstanding , '' critics say it 's `` silly .
 here comes the bride , there goes your wallet ? <sec> expert : $ 200 is appropriate spending for wedding gift to close friends .  tv host : shot glasses and knives are bad wedding gifts .  peggy post : it 's ok to split cost of high-ticket gift with other guest .
 cup win clinches bayern 's historic treble <sec> german cup final victory gives bayern munich a hat-trick of titles this season .  mario gomez scores twice in 3-2 victory over his former club stuttgart .  spanish champions barcelona farewell eric abidal with win over malaga .  jose mourinho 's three-year reign at real madrid ends with home victor .
 bug parts and rat hair found in high rates in spices , fda says <sec> twice as much contamination found in imported spices as other imports .  `` pathogens and filth in spices '' also found salmonella in 7 % of spices tested .  contaminated spices have caused `` relatively small '' outbreaks of illness , fda say .
 wheel falls off colgan plane at buffalo airport <sec> wheel from main landing gear fell off as aircraft was landing earlier this week .  colgan airlines spokesman says no one on flight 3268 was injured .  one person on flight : `` i was scared , and the other passengers looked worried , too '' .  three months ago , colgan air flight 3407 crashed , killing all 49 people aboar .
 capturing the smiles of japan 's tsunami survivors <sec> japanese ngo seeks to bring small moments of joy to survivors of 2011 tsunami .  volunteers visit shelters , entertain those who lost their homes in the disaster .  photos of the events capture strength , resilience of people of tohoku .  three years after the disaster , more than 200,000 people in the region still live in shelter .
 stanislas wawrinka stuns roger federer in monte carlo final <sec> stanislas wawrinka denies roger federer his first title in monte carlo .  world no . .  3 beats his friend for only the second time in 15 clashes .  wawrinka comes from behind to triumph in sunday 's final .  germany will play czech republic in the final of women 's fed cu .
 could unrest in egypt produce an iranian-style regime ? <sec> the iran template does n't apply to egypt , analysts say .  there 's no charismatic figure in the brotherhood like khomeini .  egypt 's economic environment lends itself to moderate policie .
 iraq at crossroads as bombs explode <sec> latest violence has led to fears of sectarian war in iraq .  sunnis are feeling marginalized by shia-led government .  outside groups have accused iraqi security forces of abusing their power .  historical sunni ties to syria adds to their feeling of oppressio .
 survey : latinas face challenges that hinder their education <sec> survey : discrimination affects latinas ' self-confidence and performance .  latinas want to graduate however dropout rate remains high , survey finds .  report : latinas often perceived as submissive underachievers , caretakers .  early education , college preparation and discrimination awareness recommende .
 house panel to vote on holding ex-irs official in contempt <sec> the house oversight committee will vote on holding an ex-irs official in contempt .  lois lerner ran the division that ruled on tax-exempt status for nonprofit groups .  she invoked the fifth amendment when asked about targeting conservative group .
 politician , bhutto case prosecutor gunned down in pakistan <sec> new : ex-president pervez musharraf 's party urges boycott of may 11 elections .  prosecutor chaudhry zulfiqar ali is shot dead heading to court in rawalpindi , police say .  ali was trying the case stemming from death of former prime minister benazir bhutto .  a politician and his son also are gunned down in karachi , party official say .
 some object to president 's absence from arlington this memorial day <sec> obama to mark holiday at abraham lincoln national cemetery outside chicago .  vice president to attend arlington national ceremony in obama 's place .  blogger says absence from arlington shows lack of respect for veterans .  but some veterans groups say absence is ok , citing that of other president .
 who is part of the coalition to battle isis ? <sec> some 60 nations are involved in anti-isis coalition in some way , the united states says .  a dozen have participated in airstrikes against terror grou .
 source : fraud charges expected against major nj construction firm <sec> the company worked on two of the biggest government projects in the new york area .  a source says fraud charges are expected to filed next week .  the company is reportedly in negotiations to settle the allegation .
 fiorentina coach rossi sacked for attacking player <sec> fiorentina coach delio rossi sacked after attacking player adem ljajic .  rossi lashes out at serbian after he sarcastically applauds decision to replace him .  the outburst comes 32 minutes into match against novara , with fiorentina later drawing 2-2 .  club president andrea della valle says : `` no provocation can justify that reaction .
 nfl : victorious vikings help europeans learn to love american football <sec> the nfl returned to london for first of two games at wembley stadium this season .  minnesota vikings defeated pittsburgh steelers 34-27 in thrilling game .  nfl organizers want to continue to invest in european games .  but fans and experts alike warn there are many logistical problems still to be resolve .
 denmark stun dutch as germany beat portugal <sec> denmark deliver first major surprise of euro 2012 with win over the netherlands .  michael krohn-dehli scores winner for denmark .  mario gomez scores for germany in 1-0 win over portugal .  dutch still have to play germany and portugal in group .
 'how i met your mother ' spinoff casts meg ryan <sec> ryan will play the narrator .  she will supply the voice of `` future sally '' .  like bob saget on `` himym , '' she wo n't be see .
 man arrested for murder claims obama assassination plan <sec> james v. mcvay says a south dakota slaying was the first step in his plan .  the final step , he tells a reporter , was to kill obama `` at the golf range '' .  a judge orders a competency evaluation of mcva .
 publicist shot to death after walking 'burlesque ' red carpet <sec> new : `` we were all on such a high '' before the shooting , her client says .  `` multiple shots '' were fired into ronni chasen 's mercedes .  police have no suspects or motive in the publicist 's killing .  publicists start a reward fund for information about the killin .
 forbes fires floyd 's uncle in family row <sec> steve forbes fires floyd mayweather jr. 's uncle ahead of oscar de la hoya bout .  wbc welterweight champion angry that roger mayweather was training forbes .  if forbes wins , mayweather 's own scheduled rematch with de la hoya in doubt .  forbes hires another mayweather , floyd 's uncle jeff , as his new traine .
 french same-sex couple : why we tied the knot <sec> two men explain why they have become france 's first same-sex married couple .  bruno boileau said he loved vincent autin 's `` charisma , sensibility , determination '' .  they also want to build family and teach future generations to end prejudices .  couple thank those who helped win controversial right for gay couples to marr .
 sundance 2013 : shia labeouf and evan rachel wood on 'charlie countryman ' <sec> the trailer is n't even out yet for labeouf and wood 's film .  the pair fell in love with bucharest , romania where they filmed .  the sundance film festival runs january 17-24 in park city , uta .
 opinion : china 's positive spin on africa <sec> new `` africa edition '' of china daily part of chinese media influence on the continent .  it offers `` positive reporting '' on africa , say harry verhoeven and iginio gagliardone .  chinese media must avoid mistakes of western press , they argu .
 fbi planting spies in u.s. mosques , muslim groups say <sec> ten muslim groups say they may suspend ties with fbi .  fbi : `` limiting honest dialogue ... is generally not an effective advocacy strategy '' .  group wants probe into arrest of afghan man whom fbi accuses of terrorist ties .  statement expresses fear that fbi `` programs are quelling lawful dissent .
 florida suspends doctor accused of illegal stem cell therapy <sec> florida suspends a doctor 's license after he allegedly performed illegal stem cell therapy .  the patient died during the procedure .  `` we are cooperating with all authorities , '' grekos says .  grekos told cnn in 2009 that he sent his patients ' blood to israel to create life-saving cell .
 obama reveals new refinance rules at start of western trip <sec> obama announces changes in the home affordable refinance program .  he will tape an appearance on `` the tonight show with jay leno '' .  president will also visit denver later in the wee .
 sources : jailed polygamist retakes control of church , ousts 45 members <sec> new : ousted members are not allowed to return to their wives or children , sources say .  jeffs is awaiting trial in texas on charges of sexual assault and bigamy .  he is running the affairs of the church from his jail cell , sources say .  the church split from the mormon church a century ago over plural marriag .
 boy saved from fire in dramatic rescue <sec> horia cretan says he was working in his store when he heard a child 's screams .  the boy is expected to recover , says cretan , who plans to visit the child .  he says he has received messages from around the world .  cretan says at 12 he rescued his sister from a fire in which his father die .
 pirates use millions of dollars in ransom on drugs , prostitutes <sec> new : study shows low level pirates earn up to $ 75,000 a vessel .  low level pirates are mostly foot soldiers sent to the high seas to do the dirty work .  piracy off the horn of africa hauled in about $ 400 million in ransom in the past several years .  financiers , considered the `` money kingpins , '' earned the most loo .
 are earthquakes getting worse ? no ! <sec> ian saginor says many people have asked if there 's an increase in earthquakes .  he says quakes , volcanoes are occurring at average level .  saginor says the haiti , chile , iceland events are not related to global warming .  only a certain class of quakes might be affected by melting ice sheets , he say .
 are republicans becoming more tech-savvy than democrats ? <sec> a republican-designed online platform implements public suggestions on pending laws .  when it comes to actual governing , republicans have shed their luddite stereotype .  rep. darrell issa : `` technology should reduce the size of government '' .  a study found republicans in congress use twitter more effectively than democrat .
 queens families : power company to blame for homes burned during sandy <sec> the nyc borough of queens was hit hard by superstorm sandy .  in one neighborhood , a fire destroyed scores of homes .  in a planned lawsuit , families want to hold the long island power authority responsible .  families say lipa was negligence in not shutting off electricity to the are .
 celebrating chrismukkah : shalom stockings and hanukkah bushes <sec> interfaith households blend religious and cultural traditions of christmas and hanukkah .  trees decorated with menorah and dreidel ornaments a common feature in chrismukkah homes .  ' '' chrismukkah represents our relationship at its best , '' says christian woman living with jewish boyfrien .
 femi kuti builds on his father 's musical legacy <sec> femi kuti has been making music for 26 years .  like his father fela , femi 's music carries a political message .  in 1985 femi left his fathers ' band and formed `` the positive force '' .  his new album `` africa for africa '' is his `` rawest '' record ye .
 rui costa holds on for tour de france win <sec> alberto rui costa of portugal wins eighth stage of tour de france .  24-year-old movistar rider was in early breakaway on 189km stage in massif central .  norway 's thor hushovd holds on to race leader 's yellow jersey .  cadel evans of australia stays in second place just one second bac .
 jury deliberations to continue next week in oakland murder trial <sec> new : jury deliberations to continue tuesday .  oakland police and mayor are warning people to be peaceful .  a former police officer is accused of shooting unarmed ma .
 opinion : beware of those who predict <sec> donna brazile : we like to predict future because uncertainty makes us uncomfortable .  brazile : in politics , we have to be careful to distinguish between analysis and prediction .  brazile : an angry electorate is a voting electorat .
 japan defends dolphin hunting at taiji cove <sec> local fisherman : dolphin slaughter took place in cove in taiji , japan .  local officials defend hunting of dolphins as a traditional practice .  prefecture government allows hunt of more than 2,000 dolphins and porpoise .
 standby travel : not for the faint of heart <sec> as empty airline seats become rarer , standby travel is getting harder to swing .  family of four flying on buddy passes was stuck at salt lake city airport for five days .  `` you ca n't be in hurry and you have to be fairly philosophical about it , '' industry expert says .  nonrevenue travelers with time to spare find ways to game system into free or cheap flight .
 report : russia to build naval base in rebel region <sec> official : russia to station vessels at abkhaz port of ochamchire on black sea .  moscow recognizes abkhazia as independent region following war with georgia .  georgia and russia blame each other for starting last year 's conflict .  russia 's black sea fleet is currently based at the port of sevastopol , ukrain .
 deadly storm hits china <sec> typhoon nesat has made landfall in southern china .  the storm killed at least 39 people in the philippines .  it 's the strongest typhoon to hit china this yea .
 dzeko - i expect to move to ac milan <sec> wolfsburg striker edin dzeko expects to join ac milan for next season .  the bosnian international has already informed his club he intends to move to italy .  the 23-year-old scored 26 goals last season to inspire the wolves to the bundesliga titl .
 clark howard : what to do if you 're laid off <sec> clark says you 're going to need to apply for unemployment insurance .  you need to know which debts to prioritize , which to neglect if your money runs out .  clark suggests you join networking and unemployment support groups .  with certain skills , try consulting work or freelancing on a projec .
 why the west must ignore iraq 's pleas for military intervention <sec> cooper says western military intervention would play into isis hands .  jihadists use 'war on islam ' to fortify their tenuous relevance to the modern world .  to undermine that , there needs to be western restraint .  turkey or jordan could provide firepower ; the west the humanitarian ai .
 clock ticking in search for missing plane <sec> new : `` they will find it ... .  they have to , '' says cnn aviation correspondent .  malaysia airlines flight 370 disappeared three days ago .  nearly three dozen aircraft and 40 ships have so far failed to find any sign of the aircraft .  the search area grows by the day , as `` crucial times '' passes , one expert say .
 suicide attacks kill 3 , wound 20 in iraqi capital <sec> suicide car bombs are part of an attack on a security checkpoint .  the casualties include iraqi security forces and civilian .
 martin jol becomes third managerial casualty of epl season <sec> martin jol sacked by english premier league fulham .  third managerial casualty of epl season .  champions man utd battle to 2-2 draw at tottenham hotspur .  liverpool beaten 3-1 at promoted hul .
 vw ceo : mexico key in quest to become world 's top carmaker <sec> vw ceo martin winterkorn tells cnn mexico is key in carmaker 's north american growth .  volkswagen aims to become the biggest carmaker in the world by 2018 .  sales in the u.s. jumped 26 % in 2012 , helping to offset weaker european sales .  winterkorn : in 2013 `` we expect an overall market growth of 8 % in china .
 ford says he did n't lie about crack use <sec> `` 'do you smoke crack ? ' .  no i do n't . .  have i ? .  yeah , ok , '' ford tells cnn .  embattled toronto mayor says `` rich and elitist '' opponents are attacking him .  city council members have voted to strip him of powers and urged him to take leave .  `` the people love you , '' one woman tells for .
 opinion : bloomberg 's 'racist ' remark reveals much <sec> errol louis : in interview ny mayor bloomberg called de blasio 's campaign `` racist '' .  his comment that de blasio using mixed-race family in campaign backfired , louis says .  he says de blasio campaigns to upend many bloomberg policies , mayor likely chafing at this .  louis : if de blasio wins primary , it will signal bloomberg 's 12-year tenure truly coming to clos .
