 african immigrant , mom sees fruits of healthy baby food <sec> agatha achindu 's business grew out of making her own baby food .  native of cameroon could n't find fresh food like she remembered as girl .  yummy spoonfuls has received raves from parenting magazine , customers .  experts say some small businesses can excel in a tough econom .
 26 states ignore reality on jobs <sec> judge blocks implementation of obama 's immigration executive actions .  navarette : states that are suing to stop the changes helped create the proble .
 not your father 's weed ? marijuana potency stronger than ever <sec> the intoxicating chemical in marijuana is tetrahydracannabinol , or thc .  average thc content has soared from less than 1 % to nearly 13 % .  some experts are concerned about the long-term impact , including addictio .
 kevin smith on cursing , children and making 'porno ' <sec> kevin smith is a fan of being bluntly honest .  writer-director ca n't understand why some words , profanity bother people .  new movie `` zack and miri make a porno '' has rough language but sweet sid .
 serbia to face france in davis cup final <sec> serbia secured their first davis cup final appearance , where they will face france .  the home side defeated czech republic 3-2 in a tense semifinal in belgrade .  janko tipsarevic secured the winning point with victory over redek stepanek .  france secured their place in the final with a crushing 5-0 success over argentin .
 j.k. rowling pens harry potter prequel <sec> author j.k. rowling pens harry potter prequel for charity auction .  autographed 800-word piece will raise money for dyslexia charity .  previous autographed rowling pieces have raised millions of dollar .
 cnn among first with new facebook data-sharing tools <sec> facebook rolls out tool to help media outlets crunch its data .  cnn among first few to access public feed api , keywords insight api .  the tools can show how popular certain topics are on faceboo .
 cnn student news transcript : january 28 , 2010 <sec> hear about the president 's state of the union speech and the gop response .  find out how one ohio town is hoping to turn around the local economy .  learn why an israeli museum is displaying plans from a concentration camp .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 lolong , world 's largest captive crocodile , dies in philippines <sec> a post-mortem is being carried out to determine the cause of death .  lolong , a saltwater crocodile , was captured in september 2011 .  he had been linked to attacks on people and livestock .  a philippine government official says his death is a big loss for conservation effort .
 opinion : tesla holds huge promise , despite flaws <sec> tesla 's model s electric cars have caught fire three times in recent months .  john o'dell : we need to know whether there 's a flaw that needs to be corrected .  but it 's wrong to use this to question viability of the company or electric cars , he says .  o'dell : electric cars are new and different , but they should n't be target for suspicio .
 five museums you and your kids will enjoy <sec> travel author pauline frommer recommends five museums for adults and kids .  frommer : sure , take your kids to the metropolitan museum of art .  the insectarium pays tribute to everything creepy and crawly .  field museum of natural history has giant tyrannosaurus rex fossi .
 fashion icon yves saint laurent dead at 71 <sec> saint laurent died sunday evening following a long illness .  innovative designer was an institution for decades in the world of high fashion .  new : funeral set for thursday for icon of 20th-century fashion .  ireport.com : are you a fan of yves saint-laurent 's creations ? .  share photos , storie .
 africa hungry for homegrown online content <sec> for africans , the internet is a content enabler , writes michelle atagana .  africans in the diaspora are underexposed to content from the continent , she says .  bozza , iroko and wabona are startups distributing african content onlin .
 colombian father accused of decades-long incest , rape <sec> daughter of colombian farm worker says she had eight children by her father .  alba nidia , 35 , says her father has sexually abused her since she was about 5 .  arcedio alvarez quintero charged with sexual abuse and incest .  lawyer says defense will be that nidia is not defendant 's biological daughte .
 report : more young girls face rape in afghanistan <sec> afghan women 's rights are little better than under taliban , report says .  rights group says girls as young as seven are regularly raped .  united nations calls for better protection for civilian .
 4 militants , 3 officers killed in shootout in dagestan , russian news agency says <sec> the clash occurred at a house in the dagestan village of karlanyurt , ria novosti reports .  it says at least 5 officers were injured in the clash , which came amid an anti-terror operation .  russia has been trying to address security concerns before the winter olympics .  security fears have been heightened after bombings in volgograd last mont .
 despite love canal 's lessons , schoolchildren are still at risk <sec> few states have laws preventing towns from building schools on or near toxic waste .  even in states with laws , many are weak or poorly enforced , group says .  love canal is a niagara falls neighborhood built atop tons of chemical wast .
 alleged phone call : 'we have just shot down a plane ' <sec> new recordings are purported to be russians and rebels discussing missile .  the alleged militants talk about shooting down a plane .  the voices on the audio say they thought it was a military plan .
 zulqarnain haider returns to pakistan <sec> zulqarnain haider has returned to pakistan after living in exile in britain since november 2010 .  the cricketer claims he fled his team 's base in dubai after refusing to fix a match .  pakistani interior minister rehman malik assured haider of his safety back in his homeland .  haider said he was happy to be given full security on his retur .
 migrant ship sinks in mediterranean killing 10 <sec> seventy people , including 62 men and eight women , were rescued , ansa reports .  italy 's navy and coast guard is searching for more survivors .  the report referred to the passengers as migrants , suggesting they 're from north afric .
 pakistani officials : suspected u.s. drone strikes kill 15 , including a taliban leader <sec> two separate drone strikes target militants in pakistan 's tribal region , officials say .  one strike kills a taliban leader with ties to the pakistani government , the officials say .  another strike kills four in north waziristan , the officials sa .
 esmeralda : ryan gosling and eva mendes ' baby name ? <sec> eva mendes and ryan gosling reportedly named their daughter esmeralda .  the couple has been quiet about the baby 's arrival .  in february , mendes downplayed the reports of a pregnanc .
 opinion : why gamma-ray burst shocked scientists <sec> on april 27 , nasa satellites detected massive gamma-ray burst , strongest in decades .  meg urry says the event sent jets of charged particles in earth 's direction .  she says it likely was the collapse of a huge star into a black hole .  urry : the event was a lucky one for astronomers who will now have much to analyz .
 police : man killed after taking firefighters hostage outside atlanta <sec> new : all those injured are in good condition and/or have been released , a hospital official says .  firefighters responding to a medical call are taken hostage inside a georgia home .  the hostage taker , who had financial issues , demanded utilities be turned back on .  he was killed in a raid by authorities ; 4 firefighters and an officer suffered injurie .
 cnn readers ' favorite movies of 2013 <sec> cnn readers voted for their 10 favorite films of the year .  this year 's superhero movies do n't make it into the top three .  instead , the favorite film of 2013 is based on a young adult franchis .
 police : 3 dead after ex-cop vows 'war ' on other police , their families <sec> new : with snow coming , authorities continue to hunt for the suspect near big bear lake .  police believe former cop christopher jordan dorner shot three officers , killing one .  this was days after he allegedly killed two people , one a retired lapd officer 's daughter .  in an 11-page manifesto , dorner promises `` war '' on police and their familie .
 israel takes 150 into custody in search for missing teens <sec> affiliate : one of three boys is a dual israeli-american citizen .  missing teen 's mom : they `` were just on their way home '' .  palestinian ministry and hamas denounce israel 's arrests of palestinians .  israeli deputy minister slams international community for `` keeping silent .
 missing teen mom , child found dead in cleveland <sec> new : `` he walked up on us and ... he pulled out the gun , '' victim 's brother says .  the mother 's estranged boyfriend is found dead from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot , police say .  19-year-old latasha jackson and 1-year-old chaniya are found dead sunday in a cleveland garage .  witnesses tell police they saw lorde snatch the mom and child off a cleveland stree .
 3 steps to beat corruption ( opinion ) <sec> many of the poorest people live in resource-rich nations , says femi kuti .  kuti : corruption not just an african problem ; it 's a global issue .  g20 should take steps to tackle corruption , says kut .
 details of raid on bin laden compound unfold <sec> attorney general declares the operation `` lawful , legitimate and appropriate in every way '' .  bin laden was not armed when he was shot and killed , white house spokesman says .  a woman believed to be bin laden 's wife was shot in the leg , carney say .
 nba fines cavaliers owner for remarks on lebron james <sec> nba fines cavs owner $ 100,000 for comments .  gilbert 's letter described james ' departure as a `` cowardly betrayal '' .  commissioner says gilbert 's words were `` ill-advised and imprudent '' .  stern also criticizes james ' handling of his decision to leav .
 plane buffs captured flight 370 in images before disappearance <sec> plane enthusiasts discover they took photos of missing malaysia airlines plane .  in photos , boeing 777-200 registration number is visible on plane .  plane spotters seem both happy and dismayed to find they have these image .
 shadow photos of dogs reveal their 'primal nature ' <sec> thomas roma 's photos look at dogs and their shadows from above .  he spent three years taking photos at a dog park in brooklyn , new york .  `` their shadows , i felt , revealed a wilder side of their nature , '' roma sai .
 nephew : michael jackson was murdered <sec> new : `` my mother was murdered for money ... .  i do n't put that past anyone , '' t.j. jackson says .  t.j. jackson shares guardianship of prince , paris and blanket with their grandmother .  paris `` in a tough spot , but we 're loving her and doing everything we can , '' t.j jackson says .  paparazzi stalking makes `` everything harder for the kids to grieve and to recover , he say .
 u.n. : about 68 bodies found in more ivory coast mass graves <sec> new : u.n. investigations suggest the latest bodies are from an april 12 massacre .  a u.n. spokeswoman says the 68 bodies were found in graves near abidjan .  more than 1,000 have died in clashes after a contested presidential election .  u.n. teams found more than 200 bodies in a mass grave in apri .
 satellite documents thinning ice shelf <sec> the larsen b ice shelf has decreased dramatically since march 2002 .  the european space agency blames it on warmer temperatures .  another larsen ice shelf disintegrated and a third is stabl .
 dissident cuban blogger visits white house <sec> yoani sanchez meets with aide to president obama at white house .  she discusses her efforts to promote free speech in cuba .  cuban government for years denied her an exit vis .
 boiling water , pepper used in hazing , police say <sec> new : all 10 students face charges of aggravated second-degree battery .  two pledges treated for severe burns in tulane fraternity hazing , police say .  pledges were doused with boiling water , hot pepper , vinegar , attorney says .  tulane suspends pi kappa alpha chapter , promises investigatio .
 two dead after gunman takes students hostage in moscow school <sec> new : student said to have had issue with geography teacher , state news channel reports .  a police officer and teacher were killed in the attack .  the gunman , said to be a student at the moscow school , has been detained .  all of the hostages have been released ; about 20 students were held , state media say .
 commentary : negative press distracts churches from mission <sec> bishop t.d . .  jakes says african-american churches have been portrayed negatively .  hate-filled church image is distraction from task of choosing president , he says .  minister : sen. barack obama 's campaign built on a strong commitment to unity .  jakes says the church and faith is colorblin .
 rossi battles shoulder problem as lorenzo claims u.s. pole <sec> world champion valentino rossi qualifies sixth for sunday 's u.s. grand prix .  italian struggling with shoulder problem in second race back after breaking his leg .  motogp leader jorge lorenzo claims fifth consecutive pole position this season .  spaniard edges out 2007 world champion casey stoner with fast penultimate la .
 pentagon survivor : 'a lot of good people died ' <sec> retired col. john leech narrowly escaped death on september 11 , 2001 .  pentagon survivor recalls shock , terror of that terrible morning .  fleeing for safety , he saw a little girl 's red comb untouched near a tattered suitcase .  watch 9/11 memorials in new york and washington on cnn.com liv .
 ouattara loyalists attack ivory coast broadcaster as violence drags on <sec> broadcast antennae for state-run rti attacked .  ouattara representative says gbagbo loyalists are committing `` human rights violations '' .  mallet : gbagbo loyalists are raping and killing supporters of ouattara .  days of fighting have left abidjan in an increasingly lawless situatio .
 typhoon creates health crisis in the philippines <sec> typhoon haiyan has left survivors needing food , water and medical supplies .  relief agencies are worried about disease and infections .  the geography of the country makes it difficult to reach people on remote island .
 polygamist leader released from hospital <sec> new : warren jeffs was released from a las vegas hospital on wednesday .  polygamist sect leader flown to las vegas hospital from arizona jail on tuesday .  court documents say jeffs previously has tried to hurt , hang and starve himself .  jeffs is leader of the fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter-day saint .
 house passes payroll tax plan opposed by obama - cnnpolitics.com <sec> `` congress needs to do its job and stop the tax hike , '' the white house says .  the bill now goes to the senate , where it is unlikely to pass .  republicans are linking the payroll tax to a controversial oil pipeline from canada to texas .  democrats accuse republicans of playing politics with a tax cut they traditionally suppor .
 5 killed in nairobi grenade attack <sec> a minibus was attacked .  the incident occurred in the pangani neighborhood .  an attacker was among the five kille .
 fake golf clubs scam 'duped ' ebay customers <sec> fake ebay golf clubs scam left thousand out of pocket , court is told .  nearly every major golf brand affected by worldwide fraud on online auction site .  ringleader greg bellchambers has admitted fraud and conspiracy .  six other co-defendants on trial for conspiracy at snaresbrook crown cour .
 top obama middle east adviser dennis ross stepping down <sec> dennis ross has held positions in two previous administrations as well .  he says he promised his wife he would serve only two years in the obama white house .  ross is the second top middle east expert to leave the administration this yea .
 judge denies planned parenthood effort to be in texas women 's health program <sec> new : judge says with no federal funds involved , planned parenthood does n't have a case .  planned parenthood is excluded from the state 's women 's health program .  the law puts funding of women 's health clinics in state hands rather than federal .  no clinics associated with abortion providers can receive any of the mone .
 what does italy do with its immense artistic heritage ? <sec> italy boasts the highest number of unesco world heritage sites in the world .  italy does n't know how to exploit treasures , and appears not to care about them , writes silvia marchett .
 helicopter crash on california 'movie ranch ' kills 3 <sec> new : only one production had a permit to fly helicopters in the area , a film bureau official says .  the bell 206 jet ranger helicopter crashes around 3:30 a.m. , an faa spokesman says .  it 's not known why it went down , though federal officials are investigating , he adds .  the crash is in polsa rosa movie ranch north of l.a. , where some films have been sho .
 nra focuses on three major senate races - cnnpolitics.com <sec> nra wants to help gop candidates in arkansas , colorado and north carolina .  group will also try to reach those who believe country is on wrong track .  nra has run ads attacking ex-n.y. mayor bloomberg and his everytown gun safety grou .
 navy yard shootings : navy risked security to cut costs , says source <sec> audit to be released on security at navy yard , other installations .  problems uncovered include felons gaining access to installations , source says .  monday 's shootings prompt congressman to ask about the audi .
 u.s. , others caution against mexico travel <sec> cdc head : `` i would not recommend people go [ to mexico ] on nonessential travel '' .  the cdc issued a travel health warning about mexico on monday .  the u.s. state department issued a travel alert .  countries around the world are taking precautions to stem spread of swine fl .
 teen 's vision : help children see clearer <sec> yash gupta , 17 , collects used eyeglasses and donates them to children in need .  since 2011 , he has given out 9,500 pairs of glasses worth nearly $ 500,000 .  report : more than 12 million children do n't have the corrective eyewear they nee .
 grass is greener in biofuel future <sec> a u.s. study has revealed a giant grass outperforms other biofuel sources .  miscanthus produces more than double the ethanol of corn per acre .  it 's already used to co-fire the drax power station in north england .  the full potential of miscanthus as a biofuel may take years to realiz .
 deadly mice to rain down on guam snakes <sec> dead mice to be laced with acetaminophen .  drug can kill snakes in 72 hours .  brown tree snake has wiped out guam 's bird populations .  up to 2 million snakes may be on islan .
 who are the american ebola patients ? <sec> ashoka mukpo arrived at the nebraska medical center on monday .  six american patients have been diagnosed with ebola .  five were treated in the united states ; one died in nigeri .
 tearful watson claims maiden pga tour win <sec> bubba watson wins three-man playoff to claim the travelers championship .  watson beats off challenge of fellow americans corey pavin and scott verplank .  david horsey claims maiden victory on the european tour in munic .
 marine motorcycle deaths top their iraq combat fatalities <sec> 25 marines killed on motorcycles in past 12 months , compared with 20 killed in iraq .  top marine official : `` the marines are very serious about '' addressing problem .  all but one of the deaths have involved super-fast sport bikes .  marines have recently implemented a mandatory sport-bike cours .
 a place haunted by lennon 's murder <sec> greene : the events of 29 years ago still draw visitors to the dakota .  john lennon was killed outside the dakota on december 8 , 1980 .  greene : the dakota became synonymous with heartache after lennon 's deat .
 bundesliga overtakes premier league as world 's most profitable <sec> german bundesliga overtakes the english premier league as world 's most profitable .  deloitte say this is due to the german clubs ' tighter control on wages .  premier league revenues set to top $ 2.8 billion in season 2010-11 .  figures show european football market grew to a record $ 19.3 billion in 2008-0 .
 deadly storms rip through texas <sec> tornadoes leave at least six dead , more than 100 injured in dallas-fort worth area .  the red cross currently has two shelters open for those in need .  the salvation army is on the scene providing food and spiritual support .  humane society is helping with animal control and displaced animal .
