 four hezbollah members indicted in hariri death , says source <sec> new : four hezbollah members are indicted in hariri killing .  they include alleged perpetrators on the ground , source says .  indictments for organizations and planners are expected later in the summer .  hariri and 22 others were killed in 2005 when a bomb targeted his motorcad .
 yemen could become a new somalia without help , minister says <sec> yemen 's deputy finance minister calls for $ 45- to $ 50 billion international investment .  he denies his country could become a failed state .  good jobs and infrastructure help fight extremism , he say .
 russia admits financial mistakes <sec> russian has overspent vast oil revenues in recent years , finance minister says .  failure to diversify national economy also hampering economy .  crisis has set russian stock market back five years , kudrin say .
 10 waterfront destinations to ring in 2012 <sec> waterfronts across the world are the focal point for many nye celebrations .  revelers will need to brave the cold to watch fireworks on the river seine and thames .  party goers who prefer the warmer weather can head to the beaches in brazil and thailan .
 gov . lepage , the mouth of maine <sec> paul grosswiler : maine gov . .  lepage 's language is offensive frothing of an abusive bully .  grosswiler : lepage attacks with invective any group that stands in his way , even his own party .  grosswiler : he throws tantrums , storms out , refuses to meet leaders , insults reporters .  lepage has embarrassed maine , he says , and will go away if he hits national stag .
 juarez , mexico , killings reach new high <sec> killings since the weekend pushed 2009 death toll past 1,607 killed in 2008 .  killings increased as juarez and sinaloa drug cartels began turf war in 2008 .  in response , president felipe calderon sent federal troops to patrol the city .  more than 5,100 killed in 2009 drug-cartel violence in mexico , says newspape .
 flawed sporting legends shine at cannes <sec> two documentaries at the cannes film festival dealt with sporting legends .  mike tyson and former footballer diego maradona are the subjects of films .  french ex-footballer zidane was filmed by 17 cameras for a 2006 fil .
 canada 's harper doubts afghan insurgency can be defeated <sec> prime minister stephen harper : `` we are not going to ever defeat the insurgency '' .  canada 's parliament has voted to pull its troops from afghanistan by 2011 .  harper says he supports president obama 's `` renewed commitment to afghanistan '' .  but harper says he wo n't recommit more troops until there 's a clear plan for leavin .
 'lost ' beatles track could finally be heard <sec> paul mccartney ponders releasing `` lost '' beatles track , `` carnival of light '' .  1967 recording long considered too experimental for mainstream audiences .  track has acquired mythical status among beatles fans .  track features discordant sound effects , church organ , gargling , shoutin .
 the ever divisive chris brown <sec> although details are n't clear , some have assumed brown is guilty in his latest fight .  the presumptions are attributed to his history of violence .  brown 's trajectory raises age-old questions surrounding celebrity and accountabilit .
 american muslim stranded in kuwait on 'no-fly ' list sues u.s . <sec> gulet mohamed , a naturalized u.s. citizen , is on a `` no-fly '' list and can not fly home .  he says he was departing kuwait after a visit when he was held and questioned .  his interrogators knew details about his family in the united states , he says .  mohamed filed suit , claiming the u.s. is refusing to let him return hom .
 2 in egypt torch themselves ; 1 dead <sec> a man dies after setting himself afire in alexandria .  an incident in cairo appears to be spurred by a personal issue .  the protests in tunisia were sparked by a man who torched himsel .
 co-pilot on fatal flight thought about not making trip <sec> transcripts show that rebecca shaw was feeling ill .  shaw said that if pressure was too much , she could call out the next day .  colgan flight 3407 crashed february 12 during approach to buffal .
 sis finds long-lost brother living across the street <sec> joellen cottrell was 16 when she gave up her son for adoption in 1977 .  cottrell searched for her son over the years , without success .  daughter candace eloph moves to louisiana and finds out neighbor is her brothe .
 hotels vie to become offices of the future <sec> by some estimates , mobile workers number 1.3 billion globally .  marriott is about to expand workspace on demand , a project aimed at accommodating the growing number of transient workers .  westin launched a similar program , tangent , which caters to individuals and small groups that need an impromptu meeting space .  many companies have culled assigned office space in a bid to increase efficienc .
 david beckham : rise of the metrosexual <sec> david beckham 's masculinity was never in doubt , writes ellis cashmore .  beckham dressed stylishly -- if a little too flamboyantly for many tastes .  he became a symbol of a new masculinit .
 rape accusations , teens , and twitter attacks in another u.s. town <sec> three connecticut teens , ages 17 and 18 , are accused of having sex with two girls , 13 .  in connecticut , it is illegal for a teen to have sex with a minor more three years younger .  the investigation began when the parents of one of the alleged victims called the police .  as the case became public , one alleged victim was criticized on twitter by other teen .
 french parliament votes on sedation of terminally ill <sec> french parliament approves tuesday a bill that would allow doctors to put patients under deep sedation until they die .  critics call the proposed law euthanasia in disguise .  more than 90 % of french people support the bil .
 106 year old honored by obama 'ai n't got time to die ' <sec> at 106 , ann nixon cooper has witnessed pivotal moments unfold in u.s. history .  atlanta , georgia , resident sees `` more change now that it 's the first black president '' .  what would she say to obama ? .  she 'd just like to shake his hand .  she co-founded a girls club for black youths , taught community residents to rea .
 superb djokovic claims 4th miami masters title <sec> novak djokovic seals 43rd career title with straight sets win over rafael nadal .  serb produces an almost flawless performance to win 6-3 6-3 .  martina hingis and sabine lisicki win women 's doubles titl .
 veteran clarke makes history with long-awaited british open title <sec> northern ireland 's darren clarke wins golf 's british open for the first time in 21 attempts .  the 42-year-old triumphs by three shots from americans phil mickelson and dustin johnson .  he is the first player from his country to win golf 's oldest tournament since 1947 .  the small nation has now produced three major champions in 13 month .
 detective : couple lured amish girls with dog , planned on enslaving them <sec> couple used a puppy to lure two amish sisters to a car , according to the sheriff 's department .  couple was on a `` shopping trip '' to turn the girls into `` slaves , '' says a sheriff 's detective .  girls were chained and sexually abused while in captivity .  stephen howells ii , 39 , and nicole vaisey , 25 , are being held without bai .
 five of sport 's greatest ever underdogs <sec> europe 's ryder cup team has often beaten the u.s. despite lower profile players .  america 's ice hockey win against the soviets is known as the `` miracle on ice '' .  wimbledon 's defeat of liverpool in the fa cup was considered a major upset .  new york jets superbowl win in 1969 was inspired by quarterback joe namat .
 both sides using rove 's campaign strategy this year - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a gop strategist says the romney campaign `` jujitsued '' obama on medicare .  the tactic seeks to undermine the other guy 's strongest advantages .  mitt romney touts his business background , so president obama attacks it .  romney is vulnerable on medicare reforms , so he criticizes obama on the issu .
 south korean company cleared in deaths following stem cell therapy <sec> two patients die following stem cell treatments in china and japan .  an independent group says the deaths are not due to the treatments .  such procedures are not permitted in south kore .
 hundreds detained in copenhagen protests <sec> thousands march to bella center in danish capital , where global climate change summit being held .  around 900 people were detained in the throng , which was demanding `` climate justice '' .  countries expected to end negotiations friday on an ambitious new climate dea .
 after 40 years in north korea , escapee returns to seoul <sec> after more than 40 years , jeon wook-pyo is back with his family .  now 68 , jeon was abducted in 1972 .  he was among 25 fishermen aboard two boats seized by north korea .  none of the others has returne .
 egyptians ca n't afford daily bread <sec> bread is the staple food of the middle east 's most populous country .  skyrocketing global commodities prices are making it unaffordable for the poor .  egyptians blame government corruption for continuing low wages .  a teenager was shot by police in northern egypt during two days of civil unres .
 higuain goal gives ramos first victory <sec> gonzalo higuain scoresd the only goal as real madrid defeat valencia 1-0 .  the victory marks first success in the primera liga for coach juande ramos .  valencia , who had carlos marchena sent off , were losing only second matc .
 2 dead after small plane crashes into rv resort <sec> new : a witness says the plane 's engine was `` screaming full tilt '' before the accident .  two people -- the pilot and a person on the ground -- died in the small-plane crash .  the crash happened in north myrtle beach , south carolin .
 northwest braces for wintry storm <sec> new : tow trucks pull two buses to safety after they skidded off road .  new : blizzards , hurricane strength winds anticipated in washington .  new : snowfall cuts into shopping hours for retailers struggling with downturn .  up to a foot of snow is expected from illinois to new yor .
 iranian leader shuns ancient fire festival <sec> ayatollah ali khamenei tries to stop annual event celebrating the last days of winter .  he urges iranians to avoid ancient practice of fire jumping , feasting on chaharshanbe soori .  he says festivities have no basis in islam and can cause `` harm and corruption '' .  iran is beefing up security to ensure `` order and calm '' during the two-week festivitie .
 arizona raids target human smuggling <sec> crackdown under way as part of an investigation into human smuggling .  authorities made at least 40 arrests on thursday , ice officials said .  immigrants were shuttled in vans from the border to tucson and phoenix , officials sai .
 babysitting money plants a seed to help kids blossom <sec> nepal civil war aftermath inspired maggie doyne to help children .  doyne 's blinknow foundation supports a home for 50 children and a school that educates hundreds more . .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2015 cnn heroe .
 washington landslide death toll rises to 28 <sec> two u.s. flags fly above the workers in the field , one was found in a debris pile .  excavators move large objects to the side , then teams go in for a hand search .  large appliances and tires are part of the scene of devastation .  twenty people still are missing , authorities sai .
 protesters pack supreme court grounds fpr same-sex arguments <sec> both sides protest outside supreme court as justices weigh same-sex marriage .  festive mood dominates atmosphere outside of court , but both sides passionate .  protesters wave signs , make speeches , sing and dance .  first of two days of arguments on issue with potential landmark implication .
 phish jams to raise $ 1.2 million for flood victims in native vermont <sec> the show broke attendance records at the champlain valley expo in essex junction .  it was phish 's first show since 2004 in vermont , where they formed in 1983 .  the funds will help those affected by floods caused by remnants of hurricane iren .
 at least 4 die in gym shooting near pittsburgh <sec> shooting at la fitness gym leaves as many as 10 others hurt .  shooter reportedly among those who are dead .  witness says shooter targeted latin dance class .  gym is in collier township , pennsylvani .
 pat benatar , beach boys join 'blackfish ' cancellation list <sec> beach boys , pat benatar and neil giraldo cancel busch gardens tampa shows .  benatar said she canceled after realizing busch gardens affiliated with seaworld .  the controversy is `` based on misinformation , '' busch gardens says .  cnn 's `` blackfish '' documentary focused on seaworld 's treatment of orca .
 astonishing origami exhibit bridges art and science <sec> a new exhibition in new york showcases the art of origami .  those who practice the discipline say it bridges science and art .  today , origami artists use software to help them design their intricate creations .
 son honors dad by rebuilding wwii bombers <sec> don price restores military airplanes as a way to connect with his father .  lt. william price iii flew b-17 bombers during world war ii .  monday , the restored bomber liberty belle crashed in illinois minutes after take-off .  all seven aboard the plane escaped with minor injurie .
 catch some rays in the caymans <sec> stingray city in grand cayman 's north sound is the perfect spot to feed stingrays .  the stingrays have grown accustomed to fishermen feeding them .  dive and snorkel in sandbar to get an up-close view of the stingray .
 mysterious tourist deaths in asia prompt poison probe <sec> kari bowerman , 27 , and cathy huynh , 26 , died in vietnam on july 30 .  their symptoms matched others ' who have died in asia : vomiting , low blood pressure , dehydration .  experts suspect pesticide poisoning from a spray used to combat bed bugs in the regio .
 kentucky derby : favorite california chrome is racing on a rock star 's dream <sec> california chrome cost just $ 10,000 and is shock favorite for saturday 's kentucky derby .  trainer art sherman , who has been involved with classic since 1950s , calls him a `` rock star '' .  his owners recently turned down a $ 6m offer for a half-share in the horse .  california chrome has been called a modern-day seabiscuit and the `` people 's horse .
 sweden to reopen rape case involving wikileaks editor <sec> new : assange 's lawyer says he is 'very surprised ' at the 'unbelieveable ' decision .  prosecutors are reopening the rape case involving the wikileaks founder .  they say 'there is reason to believe that a crime has been committed .
 justin bieber and taylor swift to collaborate on new song <sec> justin bieber is set to collaborate with taylor swift on `` believe '' .  `` believe '' is bieber 's upcoming third album .  other `` believe '' guests include drake , kanye west , timbalan .
 united continental replacing pilot manuals with ipads <sec> united continental plans to replace its pilots ' flight decks with ipads .  the company will distribute 11,000 ipads by the end of the year .  alaska airlines previously announced a similar initiativ .
 saudi execution : brutal , inhuman and illegal ? <sec> saudi authorities beheaded rizana nafeek , a sri lankan woman .  she was convicted of killing a baby of the family employing her as a housemaid .  this was despite nafeek 's claims that the baby died in a choking accident .  becker says her fate `` should spotlight the precarious existence of domestic workers .
 more wind and heat could hamper colorado wildfire fight <sec> new : colorado 's high park fire consumes 59,500 acres and is 50 % contained .  a north carolina wildfire scorches 21,248 acres and is 20 % contained .  new mexico 's historic wildfire is now 82 % contained after burning 296,000 acre .
 bush : inaction on fisa endangers u.s . <sec> new : president bush says u.s. in `` more danger of attack '' due to house inaction .  democrats : law gives administration all the authority it needs to spy on suspects .  temporary revision to wiretapping laws set to expire at midnight saturday .  officials still able to get permission to conduct eavesdropping through fisa cour .
 u.s. says russian fighter jet intercept was 'unsafe ' <sec> the incident occurred on april 7 north of poland in the baltic sea .  u.s. says plane was in international airspace .  russia says it had transponder turned off and was flying toward russi .
 issa : holder must turn over documents or face contempt vote <sec> `` i 'm not going to buy a pig in a poke , '' sen. chuck grassley of iowa says .  rep. issa expresses disappointment over the continuing standoff .  attorney gen. holder says issa is playing political games .  house oversight committee could act wednesday on contempt vote against holde .
 review : 'wolf of wall street ' <sec> `` wolf of wall street '' is a feverishly paced film .  leo dicaprio gives a strong performance as wall street crook jordan belfort .  the film could 've used a stronger edit .  still , director martin scorsese pulled off something tricky with 'wolf .
 charlotte mayor accused of bribery , extortion <sec> he resigns , saying such an action is in the best interest of the city .  fbi agents arrest charlotte mayor patrick d. cannon on corruption charges .  he allegedly took over $ 48,000 in cash and more between 2013 and 2014 .  the mayor 's office declines commen .
 predicting the 2013 grammy winners <sec> the competition is tight in the major four categories at the grammys .  frank ocean , fun . .  and mumford & sons are expected to win top prizes .  the grammy awards will air on cbs sunday at 8 p.m. e .
 'furious 7 ' focuses on more than one type of race <sec> the film 's cast is diverse .  ew points out that hollywood still needs to catch up .  one of the stars says the franchise has evolve .
 commentary : celibacy should be rethought <sec> the rev . .  donald cozzens : celibacy is 1,000 years old but not intrinsic to the church .  many popes were married in the first millennium of the church , cozzens says .  cozzens says church views marriage as sacred ; why should priests be denied it ? .  cozzens : celibacy is a gift that should be optional , not mandated by the churc .
 radcliffe 's nyc win boosts world title bid <sec> paula radcliffe lifts chances of running marathon at world athletics championships .  world record-holder wins new york city half-marathon on return to action .  the british athlete had been sidelined for nine months following foot problems .  olympic champion olga kaniskina retains world 20-kilometer title in berli .
 libya 's disappearing dinars and funding a revolution <sec> libya 's new government was faced with urgent financial needs , says an official .  the ntc used `` parallel markets '' to exchange incoming monies for local currency .  `` parallel markets '' meant dealing with wealthy currency dealers .  criticism has arisen over exchange rates and expenditure .
 opinion : is oil-rich angola a development success ? <sec> oil-rich angola is holding its second peacetime elections on friday .  the country has experienced strong growth in the years after the end of its civil war .  resource-rich countries with little political accountability have trouble converting resources into development .  business profitability among the poor is constrained by lack of education and health service .
 porsche carrera gt : 5 reasons the car paul walker died in is different <sec> the 2005 porsche carrera gt goes up to 208 mph and has more than 600 horsepower .  `` it was beyond a super car . .  it is what we call a hyper car , '' a car and driver editor says .  the car costs $ 450,000 new , and an oil change alone costs $ 90 .
 spain take commanding davis cup lead over france <sec> spain lead france 2-0 after the opening singles rubbers in cordoba .  rafael nadal and david ferrer crush their opponents for the loss of just 10 games .  holders serbia trail argentina 2-0 after novak djokovic withdraws from opene .
 4 die in daylight shooting in mexico <sec> armed man shoots into stopped car , witnesses say .  boy among the victims in ciudad juarez .  police say there was no motiv .
 opinion : the great jean debate : freeze 'em or wash 'em ? <sec> mel robbins : levi 's ceo says save water , do n't wash your jeans , freeze them to freshen .  robbins : that 's gross .  she says science does n't support this , even though there 's lots of online info on how to do it .  robbins : people who buy new jeans frequently could do it ; for the rest of us , it 's unsanitar .
