 strike a pose : high style meets high performance at london 2012 <sec> a host of high-profile fashion names have been asked to design olympic kits .  stella mccartney has designed team gb 's adidas apparel for london 2012 .  ralph lauren has created the u.s. uniforms and armani the italian sailing kit .  the global sportswear market is worth an estimated $ 120 millio .
 migrants accused of murder of british couple in thailand recant confessions <sec> burmese migrants who had previously confessed to double murder retract confessions .  police had held a press conference the previous day to deny torturing suspects .  amnesty international condemns act , calls for independent investigatio .
 no more 'harry potter , ' daniel radcliffe says <sec> radcliffe appears at the television critics association press tour .  he says he has n't read the new `` potter '' short story .  the actor points out that harry is older than he in the stor .
 nalbandian into semis as berdych bows out ; stosur stunned <sec> david nalbandian to face croatian fourth seed marin cilic in washington semifinals .  argentine reaches his first semifinal this year in his return from hamstring problem .  top seed tomas berdych upset by xavier malisse in the opening quarterfinal .  second seed samantha stosur misses out on semifinal place in san dieg .
 china to deport tiananmen 'pork ' artist guo jian : australian officials <sec> chinese-australian artist guo jian to be deported from china .  guo 's latest work is a pork-covered diorama of tiananmen square .  interview with the artist appeared in the financial times before his arrest .  dfat says chinese authorities say he 's being held on visa-related issue .
 record percentage of united states experiences 'exceptional drought ' <sec> report : almost 12 % of the united states struggles with `` exceptional drought '' conditions .  the u.s. drought monitor says the percentage is the highest recorded in 12 years .  agriculture commissioner : texas is experiencing the third-worst drought in its histor .
 opinion : sgt . bowe bergdahl still has a hard road home <sec> bowe bergdahl a `` hometown hero '' in hailey , idaho , and a `` deserter '' to some soldiers .  o'shea : he learned pashtun ; building rapport with captors is critical to survival as a hostage .  he says bergdahl probably wondered each day if this would be his last .  to break vow to fellow soldiers is terrible : if he indeed deserted , that will haunt him , to .
 greece supports left-wing syriza as europe takes lurch to the right <sec> greece 's left-wing party won the european elections despite an overall lurch right .  syriza first came to prominence in greece 's 2012 national elections , when it came second .  leader alexis tsipras says its a vote against the austerity measures undertaken by greec .
 police : initial findings do n't link garridos to other disappearances <sec> police say they have n't eliminated phillip garrido as suspect in girls ' disappearances .  authorities seek evidence in abductions of michaela garecht , ilene misheloff .  police began executing search warrants last week on garrido property .  the garridos are accused in 1991 kidnapping of jaycee dugard , then 1 .
 dirty harry 's greatest hits <sec> clint eastwood wins a palme d'or for lifetime achievement .  ingmar berman is the only other filmmaker to have received this honor .  eastwood directs and stars in his new film `` gran torino '' .  `` dirty harry '' star still enjoys playing gun-slinging `` tough guys .
 aeg drops michael jackson insurance claim <sec> new : aeg 's decision is not connected with the e-mail controversy , it 's lawyer says .  e-mails leaked last week show concert promoters ' doubts about michael jackson 's health .  a lloyds of london underwriter insured jackson 's concert for $ 17.5 million .  jackson died two weeks before his london shows were set to begi .
 uk media abuzz as phone hacking trial reveals brooks-coulson affair <sec> former news of the world editors are on trial in voicemail-hacking scandal .  british media cite the prosecution as saying the pair were involved for six years .  in a letter read out to the court , brooks tells coulson she loves him , the reports say .  brooks and coulson deny the charge .
 does azerbaijan 's 'black city ' have a golden future ? <sec> baku , capital city of azerbaijan is reveling in its energy wealth .  concerted efforts made to diversify national economy away from oil .  is tripling amount of natural gas produced and moving to encourage it sector .  city is bidding to host olympic games in 202 .
 holders serbia beat india to reach davis cup quarters <sec> reigning davis cup champions serbia progress to the quarterfinals of the competition .  serbia complete a 4-1 victory over india by winning both reverse singles in novi sad .  croatia , usa , germany , spain and argentina are also through to the last eight .  kazakhstan provide the shock of the first round with a 3-2 win over the czech republi .
 barcelona set new record ; real beat atletico in madrid derby <sec> barcelona surpass real madrid 's record for best start to la liga season with 5-1 over bilbao .  messi scores twice to leave him one short of gerd muller 's record for most goals in a calendar year .  ronaldo and ozil score for real as they beat atletico in madrid derby .  mauricio pellegrino sacked as manager of valencia following 5-2 defeat by real socieda .
 egypt 's president urges help for syrian opposition <sec> at least 94 people have died thursday , the lcc said .  egypt 's morsy says helping syria 's opposition is `` a moral obligation '' .  the syrian delegation at the iran summit walks out in protest during morsy 's speech .  protesters take to the streets after syrian president bashar al-assad 's intervie .
 police helicopter crashes in atlanta , killing 2 officers <sec> new : both of the officers killed were fathers , atlanta police say .  the helicopter crashes late saturday night while looking for a missing boy .  the crash knocks out power to 1,300 customers .  `` losing two ( officers ) is an unthinkable tragedy , '' police chief say .
 9/11 victims ' family group criticizes memorial museum fee <sec> national september 11 memorial museum will charge $ 24 for admission .  the fee will help balance a $ 63 million operating budget for 2014 , 9/11 memorial president says .  the museum does not yet receive government funding .  relatives of 9/11 victims are exempt from fees , and other discounts are offere .
 more than 300 killed in honduras prison fire <sec> new : witness : `` i went outside and could n't believe what i was seeing '' .  offcials say more than 300 were killed in the prison fire in comayagua , honduras .  a short circuit or mattress fire may have sparked the blaze , an official says .  the cause is under investigation , authorities sa .
 famous poles through the ages <sec> top ten poles : marie curie and her nobel prized family .  pope john paul ll : 27 year-reign , visited over 100 countries , spoke ten languages .  joanna crupa : former `` sexiest swimsuit model '' in the worl .
 native hawaiians blockade historic palace <sec> group does not recognize hawaii as a u.s. state .  palace used by rulers of hawaiian kingdom ; now a tourist attraction .  peaceful protesters eventually unlock gates , leave grounds .  protesters vow to return thursday mornin .
 apple 's share price falls to lowest in nearly a year <sec> apple has halved its orders for screens for the iphone 5 .  apple 's share price plunged 3.57 % to $ 501.75 -- its lowest point in 11 months .  apple 's ios software runs two in ten smartphones , compared to android 's seven out of ten .  ceo tim cook expects that china will become apple 's biggest marke .
 mercedes rivalry : nico rosberg vs. lewis hamilton <sec> mercedes drivers nico rosberg and lewis hamilton are battling for the f1 world championship .  the two collided at the belgian grand prix , with rosberg being heavily criticized .  rosberg leads the drivers ' standings , 29 points ahead of hamilton in second .  briton hamilton won the title in 2008 , while rosberg is bidding for his first crow .
 erykah badu gets fine , probation for naked stroll <sec> badu 's plea deal includes 6 months probation and a $ 500 fine .  the singer stripped in dealey plaza for a music video .  she fell naked near where jfk was sho .
 hot weather forecast for texas as battle against wildfires continues <sec> new : fires scorch 10,000-acre ranch west of fort worth .  firefighters are still working to contain the largest fires in the state .  critical fire weather is forecast for texas during the first part of the week .  the texas forest service responded to 17 new fires saturda .
 ariel castro 's son : i wo n't visit dad in prison <sec> anthony castro recalls ariel castro abusing him and his mother .  ariel castro pleaded guilty in a case in which he held three women for almost 10 years .  `` what 's horrifying is i have the same first and last name , '' anthony castro say .
 official : blast at moroccan cafe appears remotely detonated <sec> new : death toll is revised downward to 15 .  new : bomb is remotely detonated , interior minister said . .  new : french police are to help moroccans in the investigatio .
 u.s. pledges $ 15 million to preserve site of concentration camp <sec> new : u.s. , poland amend missile agreement .  u.s. will donate $ 15 million to auschwitz-birkenau foundation .  contribution pending congressional approval .  secretary clinton makes announcement during visit to polan .
 12 brilliant african entrepreneurs under 22 <sec> the anzisha prize celebrates young entrepreneurs across africa .  the winners shared prizes worth $ 75,000 .  innovations by the finalists help solve social problems .  this year , the anzisha prize received 339 applications from 32 countrie .
 strong winds could ground largest thanksgiving day parade balloons <sec> new : the official who decides whether the balloons will fly is optimistic they will .  high winds could force the largest balloons out of the macy 's thanksgiving day parade .  past incidents in high winds have caused injury when balloons hit lampost .
 police use taser on pastor after traffic stop <sec> police , pastor 's son give differing accounts of taser incident .  they do n't agree on whether jose moran is still hospitalized .  police say moran interfered with a traffic stop .  police say church congregation surrounded office .
 friend 's papers give insight into rise of the clintons - cnnpolitics.com <sec> longtime friend kept fastidious records of all things clinton .  diane blair 's papers give insight into bill clinton 's campaigns , hillary clinton 's thinking .  hillary clinton considered blair , who died in 2000 , one of her closest friend .
 pakistan urges india to pull back troops <sec> pakistan calls on india to withdraw troops from border amid growing tensions .  india denies troop mobilization ; says it is monitoring situation closely .  pakistan says it has information showing indian troop movements along border .  pakistan official : 20,000 soldiers moved from afghan border to indian borde .
 want a happy marriage ? have a big , cheap wedding <sec> study : couples who spend less on their wedding have longer-lasting marriages .  a similar correlation was found between cheaper engagement rings and lower divorce rates .  the research was based on a survey completed by 3,151 ever-married adults in the u.s .
 uk police settle over de menezes shooting <sec> uk police reach settlement with family of jean charles de menezes , whom police shot dead in 2005 .  officers mistook de menezes for suicide bomber .  he was killed on tube train weeks after four suicide bombers struck on london transport syste .
 al-shabaab grew amid somalia 's lawlessness <sec> al-shabaab is an al qaeda-linked militant group based in somalia .  it was once allied with sharia courts , which tried to impose order on the lawless country .  the u.s. government designated it as a foreign terrorist organization in 2008 .  al-shabaab claimed responsibility for the deadly attack at a kenyan mall in september of this yea .
 detroit 's bankruptcy could spell good-bye for howdy doody <sec> despite an opinion from michigan 's attorney general , howdy doody may be moving .  the city of detroit owns howdy and many other puppets .  a court may make howdy doody part of the booty in the bankruptcy .  museum officials remain resolute in their determination to protect their collectio .
 carville : what if the rich lost 40 % of their wealth ? <sec> federal reserve reported the net worth of middle-class americans fell to 1992 levels .  james carville : if the wealthy had suffered as much , there would be national panic .  he says politicians , clergy , academics , media too often ignore middle class .  carville : the scandal is the middle class is shrinking and no one seems to car .
 nasa stuns with new image of 'pillars of creation ' <sec> a 1995 image of the `` pillars of creation '' became iconic .  the new images give an even more spectacular view -- and new insigh .
 can qatar , saudi arabia ease tensions at gulf cooperation council ? <sec> the leaders from the six-member arab alliance prepare to meet in jeddah .  david b roberts : qatar will not do as it 's told by saudi arabia and the uae .  tensions between saudi arabia and qatar are nothing new , he writes .  main concern is qatar 's support for groups linked with the muslim brotherhood , he say .
 opinion : flight 800 conspiracy ? where 's proof ? <sec> sylvia adcock : conspiracy theorists have long sniffed around story of flight 800 crash .  documentary says ntsb finding -- crash caused by center fuel tank blast -- was wrong .  she says findings caused new regulations ; faa does n't make costly changes without reason .  adcock : there 's huge amount of physical evidence ntsb right -- where 's filmmakers ' proof .
 zuriel oduwole : the 12-year-old filmmaker <sec> zuriel oduwole is a 12-year-old filmmaker .  to date , she has interviewed 14 heads of stat .
 if russia swallows ukraine , the european system is finished <sec> ukraine crisis is making europeans think again about '30s and origins of world war ii , says timothy snyder .  snyder : as with putin today in ukraine , hitler in 1938 in austria based claim on need to protect fellow ethnics .  once austria had gone , european leaders easily betrayed czechoslovakia , which truly deserved support , he adds .  seizure of crimea was meant as challenge to eu , to prove european values can not defend themselves - snyde .
 party bosses battle over weiner scandal <sec> new : anthony weiner 's office declines to comment on the photos published by tmz .  tmz publishes pictures weiner apparently took of himself in the house gym .  republican party chief accuses pelosi of having wanted to save weiner 's job .  wasserman schultz accuses republican leader of a `` double standard .
 qatar could create robot clouds to cool world cup watchers <sec> world cup comes to qatar in 2022 .  saud ghani of qatar university said he plans to make a prototype of the robot cloud .  the robot cloud will be used to create shad .
 who 's killing ex-ukraine president yanukovych 's allies ? <sec> five recent deaths heighten suspicions on both side of ukraine 's ethnic divide .  ukraine 's president orders an investigation of the recent killings .  the opposition calls the killings `` oppression , '' but the government says moscow may be to blam .
 malala 's first grant will educate 40 girls <sec> malala yousafzai speaks with u.n. chief ban ki-moon .  malala announces her first grant to help girls in her home region in pakistan .  angelina jolie will donate $ 200,000 to the fund to help educate pakistani girls .  in march , malala returned to school for the first time since the taliban shot her in octobe .
 4,000 u.s. troops expected to leave iraq in october <sec> thousands more troops in iraq expected to return to u.s. in october .  u.s. gen. ray odierno to tell house panel wednesday violence has dropped in iraq .  president obama had said u.s. combat troops would leave in august 201 .
 giant baby born in indonesia <sec> baby weighing 19.2 pounds ( 8.7 kg ) born in indonesia .  baby is three times the typical size of a newborn infant .  doctor who delivered baby : `` i was very surprised . .  i thought it was twins .
 facebook to show you ads based on your web browsing <sec> facebook exchange will use web browsing to target ads .  browser cookies will let advertisers hyper-focus their offers .  facebook says users may opt out of the ad model .  `` real-time bidding '' is already used by google , other .
 'libya 's future can not be left to one renegade general ' <sec> libya 's instability is indicative of an ineffective government , says sara elgaddari .  general khalifa haftar and the zintan militia are stepping into the power vacuum , she says .  but elgaddari says haftar and rebel militias are directly contributing to libya 's instability .  she says the international community can not let libya fail and must help its governmen .
 5 held in connection with disappearance , death of virginia cop <sec> new : authorities do n't have a weapon or confirmation of quick 's body , but say he is dead .  new : it 's not known how all 5 arrested are connected or who killed the reserve police captain .  the reserve police captain 's family reported him missing after he did n't show for a party .  2 siblings are charged with stealing suv ; 3 are charged in his death , but not with murde .
 families mark fifth anniversary of russian school massacre <sec> 32 militants took more than 1,200 people hostage at the school in 2004 .  militants demanded russia withdraw from breakaway republic of chechnya .  334 people -- including 180 children -- died during attempt to end siege .  criticism remains about how government has handled investigation of attac .
 rossi fourth behind pedrosa in comeback race after broken leg <sec> valentino rossi takes fourth in german motogp after breaking his leg six weeks ago .  spaniard dani pedrosa wins the race from title leader and compatriot jorge lorenzo .  casey stoner of australia pips nine-time world champion rossi for third spo .
 video made japan tsunami 'more real ' <sec> it has been one year since the devastating earthquake and tsunami in japan .  the disaster unfolded live on televisions around the world .  nearly 16,000 people have been killed , according to official numbers .  damage has been estimated at about 25 trillion yen ( $ 300 billion .
 agent : eto'o agrees terms with inter milan <sec> barcelona striker samuel eto'o agrees reported five-year contract with inter milan .  cameroon international will be paid a reported $ 14 million per season in italy .  barcelona are still negotiating terms with inter 's zlatan ibrahimovic in swap deal .  spanish champions to sign brazilian striker keirrison from palmeiras on frida .
 how to get lucky : making serendipity work for your career <sec> we can learn to harness serendipity as a rigorous business practice , says thor muller .  serendipity is the ability to take a chance occurrence and make creative use of it , he says .  get out of your work cubicle to meet new people and make new connections .  muller says we must rise above our to-do lists and be ready when a surprise event occur .
 amazon 's top 100 biographies , plus 10 more to read <sec> amazon has issued a list of `` 100 biographies & memoirs to read in a lifetime '' .  list includes books about anne frank , ernest hemingway , winston churchill , tina fey .  cnn came up with our own list of 10 mor .
 german chancellor merkel addresses congress <sec> angela merkel is first german chancellor to address a joint meeting of congress .  she stressed protecting the planet , need for an agreement on global warming .  merkel : near collapse of the markets shows what happens when there is no orde .
 three crazy airport events <sec> airports provide the perfect environment for storytelling .  tiny toy gun confiscated at st. louis airport .  music group holds impromptu concert for stranded passengers .  airline offers passengers a chance at `` christmas miracle .
 face time with sheikh hamad bin jassim al thani <sec> mme speaks exclusively with qatar pm sheikh hamad bin jassim al thani .  sheikh hamad says qatar has n't made a decision regarding the dollar-peg .  expresses surprise over talks suggesting greater controls on sovereign funds .  on oil capacity : `` i am not sure there is more oil '' , prices of $ 70- $ 80/bbl likel .
 lawyer : girl on phone with trayvon martin cuts shooter 's self-defense claim <sec> sanford police say they asked all witnesses to come forward .  governor says he will work to see `` justice prevails '' .  george zimmerman was bleeding from the nose and back of his head , a police report says .  the 17-year-old was not armed when he was killed last month in florid .
 'csi : ny ' star pushes young people to excel , dream big <sec> hill harper is encouraging youth through his manifest your destiny foundation .  the `` csi : ny '' star says we 're not expecting enough out of young people these days .  harper says cnn heroes inspire him to be better : `` change happens from the bottom up .
 help still needed after record-breaking year for disasters <sec> 12 billion-dollar weather related disasters have been recorded in the u.s . .  the total cost of these events exceeds $ 50 billion .  relief organizations are providing long-term aid for victims .  if you want to help , donations can be as simple as sending a tex .
