 a non-fan 's spring training pilgrimage <sec> florida spring training baseball expected to draw more than 1.5 million people this year .  some fans worry plain that spring training has become too corporate and expensive .  in three games , a visitor finds signs of more casual , pastoral brand of basebal .
 a bad call on campaign finance <sec> ciara torres-spelliscy : supreme court ruling loosening campaign finance limits is mistake .  she says it will start firestorm of corporate spending on elections .  congress should change laws to give shareholders oversight of donations , she says .  torres-spelliscy says public financing of elections would help push back at rulin .
 feds drop 'morning-after pill ' appeal <sec> new : decision keeps two-pill version of drug off over-the-counter market , official says .  the fda says it will allow over-the-counter sales of one-pill product .  a federal judge in new york had ordered the drug be made available without restrictions .  the obama administration 's appeal of that ruling was rebuffed last wee .
 diversity in tech industry is not a burden ( opinion ) <sec> jeff yang : the diversity statistics released from tech industry are embarrassing .  yang : while asians do well , there are few african americans and hispanics .  but being an asian technology employee can be a professional dead end , he says .  yang : good news is that tech industry realizes that diversity is a weapon , not a burde .
 boat people to be sent back to myanmar and uncertain fate <sec> thailand to deport nearly 80 men and boys .  they are among thousands of a minority to flee myanmar amid reports of persecution .  human rights groups fear the rohingya will face murder , torture if sent bac .
 shooting suspect james holmes 'unable ' to appear in court ; hearing postponed <sec> new : defense attorneys tell judge holmes was taken to hospital , cnn affiliate reports .  holmes ' attorneys say he developed condition rendering him unable to attend hearing .  judge postpones hearing until december 10 .  holmes is accused of killing 12 people , wounding 58 on july 20 in aurora , colorado , theate .
 nfl and soccer on global collision course ? <sec> the nfl returns to london sunday , as dallas cowboys take on jacksonville jaguars .  third and final installment of the 2014 international series .  nfl is keen to place a permanent franchise in the british capital .  soccer 's english premier league is also looking to play matches oversea .
 yukos win delivers blow to russia 's putin <sec> a court decision awards $ 50 billion to now-defunct russian oil giant yukos ' former shareholders .  the case has been rumbling for almost a decade , after yukos assets were expropriate by the state .  the win is seen as a blow to russian president vladimir putin , whose relations with the west are straine .
 'district 9 ' depiction angers some nigerians <sec> film is about an alien space ship that breaks down over johannesburg , south africa .  nigerians try to eat alien flesh , gangster gives them prostitutes , food and weapons .  depictions `` promoting stereotypes '' sparked outcry ; nigeria has banned the film .  nigerian officials stipulate distributor must apologize , edit out references to countr .
 on court , democrats are the party of no <sec> david frum : republicans have n't been nearly as tough on court nominees as democrats have .  frum says last three democratic choices for the court have had relatively easy confirmations .  frum says republicans have shown greater deference to a president 's choices for the court .  he says the gop may adopt a harsher stance in the futur .
 schwartzel set to end victory drought ; durban wash out in euro tour opener <sec> south african charl schwartzel leads at halfway in thailand championship .  marcus fraser a shot clear in australian open in sydney .  nelson mandela championship in south africa hit by flooding .  china 's shanshan feng leads after three rounds of dubai ladies master .
 6-pound gold chunk sells for $ 400k <sec> `` butte nugget '' nets $ 400k at a san francisco antique show .  the 6-pound gold chunk was discovered in northern california in july .  buyer wishes to remain anonymou .
 survivors of the jonestown tragedy <sec> in 1978 , 909 americans were led to mass murder-suicide by rev . .  jim jones .  jones persuaded followers to kill children first ; then drink cyanide-laced fruit drink .  one-third of the dead at jonestown were children : only 33 people survive .
 landmark exhibition celebrates century since scott 's fateful journey to south pole <sec> landmark exhibition celebrates centenary of captain scott 's expedition to the south pole .  show brings together writings , photographs and personal items from ill-fated trip .  curator describes expedition as `` incredibly poignant story '' of `` extremes '' .  scott 's camp still stands in the antarctic , preserved as he left it a century ag .
 no . 1 djokovic pulls out of paris masters <sec> novak djokovic pulls out of the paris masters with a shoulder injury .  djokovic earned a $ 1.6 million bonus after winning his opening match of the tournament .  second seed andy murray beaten in quarterfinals by tomas berdych .  roger federer clocks up 800th career win as he dispatches juan monac .
 mh370 : drone finds nothing after scouring two thirds of search area <sec> new : underwater drone finishes 8th mission , still no trace of missing plane .  new : up to 10 aircraft , 11 ships to participate in monday 's search , agency says .  `` they have faith that their father will be coming back , '' says wife of missing crew member .  flight 370 went missing 44 days ago ; the search area has `` narrowed , '' official say .
 opinion : libyans paying price for mideast divide <sec> the new york times reports the uae and egypt launched air strikes in libya .  egypt , the uae deny the reports , but the u.s. says it understands they did strike .  amid the threat of isis , some regional powers fear extremists in libya , says h.a . .  hellyer .  libyans are caught between supporters of islamist groups , those who fear them , he say .
 who 's the greatest f1 driver of all time ? <sec> f1 legend jackie stewart tells cnn who he thinks is the sport 's greatest driver .  win to race ratio is determining factor of greatness according to stewart .  schumacher ? .  senna ? .  have your say on who you think the best f1 drive .
 prison break in tunisia ; at least 3 dozen at large <sec> thirteen of the escapees in tunisia have been detained .  there has been international concern over recent prison escapes .  prison breaks are a known strategy of al qaeda , a cnn analyst say .
 chinese newspaper withdraws support for detained reporter <sec> chinese newspaper withdraws support for detained journalist .  new express apologizes ; said it failed to fact check reporter 's work .  reporter was detained on suspicion of damaging a company 's reputation .  analyst says cases shows limits of press freedom in chin .
 arctic city of kiruna to be dismantled and rebuilt <sec> cracks have appeared in the streets of the arctic city of kiruna due to mining activity nearby .  a large part of the town will be moved to allow economically important mining to continue .  some buildings will be taken down brick-by-brick and rebuilt at a new locatio .
 china 's weird and wildly popular world of workplace novels <sec> hundreds of titles crowd the `` workplace '' genre in china 's bookstores .  appeal lies in the books ' mix of soap opera plots and career advice .  books provide information for aspiring careerists , says novelist .  genre fails to pay attention to more positive cultural values , says literature professo .
 for jobless lawyers , plan b includes good works <sec> at least 2,149 attorneys have been laid off in 2009 , according to lawshucks.com .  private firms are trying to place unemployed attorneys in public interest firms .  one firm will pay deferred associates $ 60,000 a year to work in the public sector .  harvard law school assistant dean : tough times can be `` tremendous opportunity .
 3 cosby accusers share stories , express solidarity <sec> three of the at least 17 women who have accused bill cosby speak to cnn .  barbara bowman says she hoped to encourage others when she spoke out weeks ago .  victoria valentino says `` women did n't have a voice '' in alleged rape cases .  cosby 's camp has consistently , vehemently denied the claims against hi .
 somali stations air animal noises to protest extremists ' music ban <sec> mogadishu 's 14 private radio stations stop playing music after threat from islamic extremists .  militant groups are said to believe that music is un-islamic , want it prohibited .  in protest , 3 stations broadcast nature noises : hooves , ocean waves , cats ' roars and growls .  somali journalist fears this may mark beginning of plot to silence independent medi .
 neymar backs 'peaceful ' world cup protests <sec> neymar supports brazilians right to protest during 2014 world cup .  while understanding ongoing protests , neymar insists they must be peacful . .  brazil coach luiz felipe scolari is worried about the impact of protests on his tea .
 u.n. human rights investigators enter gaza <sec> human rights council enters gaza to investigate possible abuses by israel , hamas .  three-week conflict between the two sides ended january 18 .  thirteen israelis and more than 1,000 palestinians were killed .  israeli government is not assisting investigator .
 what 's life like in a south african prison ? <sec> south africa 's prisons are generally overcrowded , says the wits justice project .  some single cells house two or three inmates , and ventilation is often poor .  lockdowns keep prisoners cooped up in cells for long periods .  oscar pistorius could spend months in custody awaiting trial if his application for bail fail .
 construction of peruvian gold mine suspended <sec> 18 people are wounded in the protests in northeastern peru .  protests have continued , despite suspension of construction on the $ 4.8 billion projec .
 congressman targeted on reddit wo n't support sopa <sec> congressman says bill `` creates the precedent and possibility for undue regulation '' .  makes sense that paul ryan would oppose a bill giving more authority to federal government .  ryan says internet is an expression of freedom and should stay that wa .
 bahraini activist sentenced to prison <sec> new : `` you can jail me for three years or 30 years , but i will not back down , '' nabeel rajab says .  illegal protests `` led to severe acts of violence , '' the bahraini government says .  rajab will appeal his sentence , his lawyer says .  britain , european union officials question the length of the sentenc .
 five more killed in kashmir violence <sec> the deaths occurred during continuing anti-india demonstrations .  six others were wounded .  nearly 100 people have died since protests erupted in jun .
 federer and murray through to semis <sec> roger federer beats frenchman tsonga in quarterfinals of australian open in melbourne .  world no.2 will play britain 's andy murray who enjoyed straight-sets win over jeremy chardy .  novak djokovic and david ferrer will contest other semifinal on thursda .
 pakistan arrests london bombings suspect <sec> officials say arrested al qaeda militant has ties to 2005 london subway bombings .  52 killed , 900 wounded from bombs on 3 subway trains and a bus on july 7 , 2005 .  zabih al-taifi arrested in village near peshawar in ongoing security operation .
 oscars give black artists their rightful place <sec> gene seymour : oscar wins like `` 12 years a slave '' show black artists here to stay in hollywood .  he says lupita nyong'o and darlene love both drew rousing ovations .  he says ceremony otherwise uneventful ; degeneres a cozy host , despite dig at minnelli .  seymour : oscars do n't usually leave a trace , but `` 12 years '' could make this one differen .
 pennsylvania woman charged with assisted suicide renews debate <sec> barbara mancini is charged with helping her terminally ill father , 93 , die in february .  she handed him morphine , he took it and fell into a coma ; a hospice nurse called police .  father was revived at a hospital as his daughter was arrested ; he died 4 days later .  an advocacy group is pushing the pennsylvania attorney general to drop the charge .
 two suspects identified in mexico lake killing <sec> the killing of david hartley remains unsolved .  two new suspects have been identified in the case .  the sheriff would not release their name .
 rescue efforts in tanzania building collapse <sec> new : rescue efforts to continue through the night , officials say .  at least four dead , 60 missing after building fell in dar es salaam .  the building was under construction ; workers are among the hurt , official says .  five children may also be trapped , official say .
 clinton calls for stricter antarctic tourism limits <sec> secretary of state hillary clinton calls for limits on tourism in antarctica .  u.s. is proposing new limits on the number of landings from tourist vessels .  clinton addressed arctic council and antarctic treaty consultative meeting .  twelve nations signed the antarctic treaty in 1959 ; 47 nations abide by it toda .
 kimi raikkonen looks to continue 'remarkable run ' as f1 resumes in spa <sec> kimi raikkonen has been a model of consistency for lotus this season .  finn has only finished outside the top 10 once in 30 races since returning to f1 in 2012 .  the 33-year-old will not replace mark webber at red bull , according to finn 's manager .  f1 season resumes at spa this weekend after a four-week summer layof .
 lawsuit demands vatican name priests accused of sex abuse <sec> new : priest , now deceased , is believed to have molested up to 200 boys , victims advocate says .  suit alleges a cover-up involving the priest at a wisconsin parochial school .  pope benedict xvi is named in suit that alleges cover-up of sexual abuse .  the lawsuit demands the vatican release the names of thousands of catholic priest .
 woman finds peace at a southern mosque <sec> zubaidah gibbs struggled with her race and religious identity early in life . .  in rural moncks corner , s.c. , she joined a mosque that helped her feel whole . .  the predominantly african-american , 150-member mosque combines traditional islam with southern culture .
 crews search smoky mountain wilderness after deadly storm <sec> new : power outages in nearby knoxville , tennessee , down to 13,000 , utility says .  two people died , eight injured in storm that affected a broad swath of the park , officials say .  some campers and motorists are still stranded , park officials say .  crews are also searching great smoky mountains national park backcountr .
 dwayne johnson maybe revealed he 's playing a superhero <sec> johnson appeared to confirm his participation in the dc franchise .  he said there 's an announcement coming soon .  warner bros. had no official commen .
 sandra bullock , stalker came face-to-face in her home <sec> an intruder got into sandra bullock 's house last month .  bullock saw the man in the hall , slammed bedroom door and called 911 .  joshua corbett , 39 , has been charged with multiple felonies in the case .  police say a search of his house revealed `` an arsenal of weapons .
 hawking boycott of israel conference sparks controversy <sec> new : founder of palestinian boycott movement welcomes hawking 's decision .  physicist stephen hawking decides to pull out of a high-profile conference in israel .  hawking 's move prompts fierce reaction on twitter , including accusations of anti-semitism .  conference organizer says academic boycott against israel is `` outrageous and improper .
 source : in georgia hot car case , computers seized <sec> new : source says police seized computers from father 's office .  new : someone searched on `` how long does it take an animal to die in a hot car , '' source says .  father jailed without bond on murder charge .  the boy was left in a hot car , strapped to his seat in suburban atlanta last wee .
 chinese police shine upon dazzling technique <sec> blindingly simple idea sees chinese police using headlights to punish traffic offenders .  use of high-beam lights punished in shenzhen with eye-for-an-eye punishment .  china 's netizens split on the subject with some complaining of police overreaching their authorit .
 ag : corey haim was 'poster child for doctor shopping ' <sec> corey haim obtained 553 drugs in last year of his life , ag says .  attorney general jerry brown calls haim the 'poster child ' for doctor-shopping .  coroner has not yet ruled on what killed haim , 38 , who died last month .  former child actor battled drug addiction for decade .
 dr. sanjay gupta : why i changed my mind on weed <sec> dr. sanjay gupta says we have been `` systematically misled '' on marijuana .  dea lists marijuana as a schedule 1 substance with `` high potential for abuse '' .  most recent research on marijuana has been on its negative effects , gupta says .  studies on marijuana require approval from national institute on drug abus .
 chicago air traffic control fire suspect in court <sec> brian howard faces one charge of destruction of aircraft or aircraft facilities .  he will stay at a federal detention center until his next court date .  air traffic increased in chicago area on monday , but not at 100 % .  faa to conduct internal review of how to handle future issues similar in natur .
 nasa scientists capture unprecedented measurements of iceberg in the making <sec> nasa scientists discover and map an iceberg in the making .  their observations are the first detailed airborne measurements of such a phenomenon .  the iceberg will be about 340 square mile .
 zambian tablet zedupad transforms classrooms into interactive hubs <sec> the zambian zedupad is an educational tablet for children .  created by british businessman mark bennett , the zedupad has over 12,000 installed classes .  bennett said the zedupad is set up to teach grades one to seven .  he hopes to roll the tablet out to a raft of other nations on the continen .
 50 cent charged with violence against ex-girlfriend <sec> 50 cent faces one count of domestic violence and four counts of vandalism .  he had been in a three-year relationship with her , and they have a child in common .  the woman was injured when 50 cent kicked her , the prosecutor says .  police found broken chandeliers , furniture and a ransacked bedroo .
 rescued miner says he wo n't write book , will return to work <sec> victor segovia , two of his cousins were trapped in the san jose mine .  pedro segovia says his brother is tough and untouched by how close he came to dying .  segovia says he does n't feel the need to visit camp hope .  segovia says he has become someone who `` thinks more about god .
 culture 's transgender 'moment ' <sec> olympic hero bruce jenner appears on vanity fair cover as `` caitlyn '' .  transgender people in the united states are riding an unprecedented wave of visibility .  shows such as `` transparent , '' `` orange is the new black '' have raised awarenes .
 the gif artist who draws with humans <sec> turkish artist erdil inci clones himself on gifs to make surreal patterns .  he stages public performances in istanbul when no one is around .  he views his work at the video equivalent of musi .
 thriving small businesses still struggling to get loans <sec> president obama to meet with top bankers to push for more lending .  d.c. shop owner says his business makes $ 14 million a year but he ca n't get a loan .  stricter government regulations have pulled banks in two directions , experts sa .
 kanye west could be leno 's new hugh grant <sec> rapper kanye west scheduled to appear on `` the jay leno show '' .  leno 's new show set to premiere monday night .  leno could reprise famous hugh grant moment in questioning west .  west made news and angered fans by interrupting taylor swift during speec .
 cdc : motor vehicle crashes cost the us $ 100 billion a year <sec> motor vehicle crashes lead to about $ 100 billion a year in u.s. costs , says the cdc .  children 's injuries cost $ 3.6 billion a year .  motorcyclists and pedestrians tend to get worse injuries and have higher medical costs .  preventive measures include monitoring teen drivers , seat belts , safety seats , helmet .
 cnn student news transcript - november 4 , 2011 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 teenager who escaped isis : 'my friends were raped ' <sec> 15-year-old aria 's hometown in iraq was attacked by isis .  aria was captured and held with other girls .  aria managed to escape , but learns her brother was killed by isis .  sexual violence remains a tool of war for isis , but a tabo .
 apparent isis executioner : 'i 'm back , obama ' <sec> the u.s. intelligence community is analyzing the latest video .  isis videos of journalists ' beheadings are strikingly similar .  they appear to be shot in the same place , with the same executioner .  the videos fade to black at certain points in productio .
 landslide kills children in peru 's jungle <sec> a mudslide in peru 's jungle kills 11 , mostly children .  heavy rains triggered the disaster .  a flooded river is hindering rescue effort .
