 climate change report : 'seasons have changed ' <sec> oxfam report tells the stories of people affected by climate change .  report 'suffering the science ' catalogs challenges of world 's poor .  stocking : `` people are always saying to me , 'the seasons have changed ' '' .  oxfam wants greater action on climate change from developed nation .
 murder defendant reportedly in coma ; trial delayed <sec> steven hayes , defendant in connecticut home invasion case , reportedly in coma .  jury selection at murder trial has been postponed .  hayes and another man are accused of killing doctor 's wife , two daughters .  codefendant 's trial is also scheduled for this yea .
 u.s. birth rate falls for second year in midst of recession <sec> the u.s. birth rate fell 2.6 percent last year , according to the national center for health statistics .  an expert says the drop is likely because of the current recession .  the u.s. birth rate also fell in 200 .
 house approves war funding plan <sec> $ 165 billion measure puts no restrictions on war-money bush requested .  measure pays for wars in iraq , afghanistan through early next year .  also attached are unemployment assistance and expanded gi bill .  measure includes more than $ 2 billion to help flood-stricken midwes .
 jfk hearse to be auctioned <sec> the 1964-model cadillac hearse transported kennedy 's casket after his assassination .  first lady jacqueline kennedy was a passenger in the car .  the car was built for display at a funeral home convention in dallas in october 1963 .  kennedy was fatally shot in november 196 .
 study : states ca n't afford death penalty <sec> study : death penalty costs can average $ 10m more per year per state than life terms .  eleven state legislatures have considered repealing the death penalty this year .  study relied on u.s. bureau of justice statistics data from 33 large urban countie .
 jermaine jackson : lawyers , money ca n't divide family <sec> michael jackson 's siblings , their children gather for early thanksgiving dinner .  jermaine jackson : family will `` pull together '' despite fight over brother 's estate .  jermaine jackson attends screening of `` this is it '' movie for students in los angeles .  reality tv series featuring lives of four of the jackson brothers debuts next mont .
 giant inflatable duck artist 's next big thing : hippos <sec> artist florentijn hofman 's latest work is part of a festival celebrating london 's river thames .  hofman says he 's inspired by found objects and the settings his artworks are displayed in .  the dutchman says he 's now done with water-based art and promises no more duck .
 dad who killed family , self was $ 460k in debt , sheriff says <sec> new : christopher wood was $ 460,000 in debt , sheriff says .  new : family was unable to sell florida home , computer reveals .  sheriff : man apparently killed his wife and three young children , then shot himsel .
 former british army officer acquitted of bribery charge <sec> shaw served 28 years in british forces .  he was accused of paying $ 25,000 to an afghan intelligence official .  he had been jailed in the super-max pul-e-charki jail in kabu .
 police shoot knife-wielding man near times square <sec> police shoot man who wielded knife near times square .  incident covered several blocks along seventh avenue .  area is popular with shoppers , tourist .
 at least 8 dead after cargo plane crashes in pakistan <sec> new : official says the pilot saved lives by guiding the plane to a less crowded area .  firefighters put out blaze caused by cargo plane crash in the southern city of karachi .  the plane hit buildings under construction in an area housing pakistani naval officers .  all 8 killed were russian crew members of the sudan-bound aircraf .
 kevin costner 's other career <sec> kevin costner has band , modern west ; new album just out .  costner has actually played music for years , band happened organically .  costner not bothered by reviews , tries to do things because he loves the .
 iran 's revolutionary guards patrol persian gulf , u.s. says <sec> responsibility transferred to elite unit , pentagon reveals .  u.s. considers irgc more hostile than iran 's regular navy .  u.s. believes irgc is behind arms shipments to insurgents .  irgc occupies sunken barge near iraqi oil terminal .
 wole soyinka : nigeria 's nobel laureate <sec> imprisoned in native nigeria for 22 months during civil war after calling for a truce .  poet , playwright and novelist won nobel prize for literature in 1986 .  `` i 've always written plays for the purpose of getting something out of my system .
 cnn student news transcript : october 27 , 2009 <sec> consider u.s. efforts to offer afghan citizens an alternative to the taliban .  hear how a proposed health care bill addresses the issue of the public option .  meet a soldier who is making history at the u.s. army drill sergeant school .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 airstrikes aimed to kill isis leaders , u.s. says <sec> u.s. tried to kill isis leaders with airstrike on convoy near mosul , official says .  official ca n't confirm top abu bakr al-baghdadi was in convoy .  airstrike kills 15 , hurts 31 in al-qaim , an isis stronghold in iraq , resident says .  iraq welcomes news that u.s. will send another 1,500 troop .
 espn : mike ditka 'ok ' after stroke <sec> nfl legend mike ditka suffered a stroke on friday .  `` i feel good right now and it 's not a big deal , '' he tells the chicago tribune .  espn expects super bowl winner to return to broadcasts soo .
 world cup fever arrives early in gaza <sec> palestinians stage 16-team soccer `` world cup '' in gaza .  teams made up of local players plus international aid workers .  `` france '' beats `` jordan '' on penalty kicks in the fina .
 acting va leader : changes start with getting veterans appointments <sec> va is contacting 1,700 veterans in phoenix to schedule appointments .  bonuses for senior executives are suspended .  results of an audit will be released on monday .  va will hire temporary employees to help veterans move through the syste .
 did missed connections in murder case open door to boston bombings ? <sec> three friends were found dead in a waltham apartment in september , 2011 .  tamerlan tsarnaev knew one of the men well , friends say .  a friend of tsarnaev 's , ibragim todashev , was killed during questioning by the fbi .  the boston marathon bombings left three dead , more than 260 wounde .
 5 big changes in ios 6 <sec> new operating system update for the iphone , ipad and ipod touch has gained and lost features .  apple 's new maps app drops google data , including public transit directions , adds turn-by-turn .  voice assistant siri adds movie , sports and restaurant dat .
 possible standoff looms at polygamist ranch <sec> new : ambulances called in as investigators prepare to search temple .  number of people removed from ranch grows to 183 , including 137 children .  authorities served search , arrest warrants to members of polygamist sect .  jeffs in arizona jail awaiting trial ; sentenced to 10 years in prison last yea .
 pacquiao turns attention to clottey bout <sec> manny pacquiao has put failed talks of his fight with floyd mayweather jnr behind him as he turns his focus to a bout with joshua clottey . .  the world boxing organization ( wbo ) welterweight fight will be staged at $ 1.2billion home of the dallas cowboys on march 13 . .  pacquiao 's trainer freddie roach said his fighter has `` moved on '' but would be ready to take on mayweather on the right terms .
 mancini confirms robinho loan possible <sec> manchester city manager robert mancini has confirmed that the club are in talks with two brazilian clubs over a loan move for robinho . .  robinho has not settled in manchester and is being linked with a move to either santos or sao paulo . .  west ham are set to sign south africa international benni mccarthy after agreeing an undisclosed fee with blackburn rovers . .  manchester united have completed a deal to sign fulham defender chris smalling at the end of the season .
 fec vice-chair : email raises questions of improper contact with irs <sec> democratic chief of fec says she does n't know about the e-mails .  top fec republican discusses additional e-mails between irs and fec .  don mcgahn : fec staffer improperly contacted lois lerner of irs about conservative group .  republicans ask if fec revelations indicate a broader targeting of conservative .
 wroclaw 'instagramers ' showcase city 's most famous sites <sec> instagramers wroclaw are a collective of street photographers .  they document their city using traditional cameras and smartphones .  the results are a stunning selection of images that reveal a different side of the polis .
 there is no shame in not being superman <sec> veteran mike scotti recalls how memories of war rushed back during july fourth fireworks .  when scotti returned home from deployment he struggled with isolation , anger and depression .  scotti to vets : it 's ok if you are not ok and it really does help to talk to someone about it .  for ways to help veterans in need , visit cnn.com/impac .
 tiny , charming island offers taste of pure italy <sec> ventotene lies in the tyrrhenian sea off the west coast of italy .  roman emperors found the island 's isolation perfect for banished troublemakers .  its lush and mostly undisturbed aquatic life makes it attractive to scuba diver .
 green solutions as earth day turns 40 <sec> this year marks the 40th anniversary of earth day .  green solutions in focus series looks at solutions to issues affecting the planet .  in vermont , dairy farmers are experimenting with ways to reduce greenhouse gas emission .
 palau to take uighur detainees from gitmo <sec> country 's ambassador to u.s. says agreement includes some aid to palau .  uighurs are native chinese muslims .  palau agrees to take 17 uighurs from guantanamo bay , cuba .  u.s. would n't send uighur detainees to china due to torture concern .
 wheelchair user , 92 , arrested for smuggling coke <sec> two women , both from uruguay , arrested after arriving in madrid on flight from brazil .  judge arraigns two women , one a 92-year old wheelchair user , on drug charges .  spokeswoman : `` it 's practically impossible '' wheelchair user would be trie .
 meet football 's answer to tintin : barcelona and psg 's comic hero <sec> eric castel was a comic book hero who starred for barcelona and psg .  castel was first seen in 1973 in the form of german player max falk .  comic book hero graced 15 editions , running from 1979 to 1992 .  barcelona and paris saint-germain play each other in champions league this wee .
 jake gyllenhaal sets his sights on broadway in 'constellations ' <sec> the actor will appear in `` constellations '' .  he made his stage debut in 2012 .  his sister , maggie , makes her broadway debut this seaso .
 oscar nominee squibb finding new success at 84 <sec> june squibb , 84 , is up for best supporting actress for `` nebraska '' .  squibb has been in acting for more than 60 years .  she 's always had regular work , but `` nebraska '' has made her somewhat of a nam .
 the big icy : deep freeze stretches down to gulf coast <sec> new : `` this town is shutting down tomorrow , '' new orleans cab driver says .  new : `` limbs will break . .  trees will fall . .  power will be out , '' mississippi official warns .  new : deep freeze follows temperate monday across much of southeast .  welcome to our world , frigid midwest say .
 rivals china and japan deploy harry potter villain voldemort in spat <sec> china 's foreign ministry says japanese diplomat `` ignorant , unreasonable and arrogant '' .  comments come after envoys from both countries invoked voldemort , harry potter 's enemy .  tensions have been strained after war shrine visit and escalation of island dispute .  unexpected and surreal turn of events bemuses internet users in both countrie .
 united flight lands in remote midway island over odor <sec> a boeing 777 plane from honolulu to guam is diverted to midway island .  a passenger says many got off plane before takeoff because of smell .  `` the captain said there was smoke in the cockpit '' during flight , she adds .  `` i started to gag because of the smell of chemicals , '' she say .
 fodor 's names top 100 hotels <sec> fodor 's 100 hotels were chosen from 4,000 nominations ; winners are in 41 countries .  categories include all-inclusive , city chic , family friendly and hotels with a royal past .  st. regis bal harbour in miami is making waves ; le chateau frontenac is iconic standar .
 international nuclear watchdog : iran needs to cooperate <sec> negotiators from iran , eu and the u.s. met to talk thursday .  french fm laurent fabius will friday in vienna tomorrow around midda .
 chemical accident injures 39 people in germany <sec> sodium hypochlorite and hydrochloric acid came into contact , emitting chlorine gas .  seven people were seriously injured .  the incident occurred at a security technology plant in bruh .
 obsessions : tripping on hunter s. thompson <sec> everyone who tries to emulate thompson 's gonzo genius falls short to a certain extent .  `` the rum diary '' is supposed to be thompson finding his path to self destruction .  we do n't know how much of `` the rum diary '' he composed in the late '50 .
 commentary : can obama and congress share power ? <sec> julian zelizer : bush administration sought to rebuild presidential power .  he says they wanted to reverse watergate-inspired reforms from the 1970s .  zelizer says congress ' role was diminished during the bush administration .  he says obama , congress must decide whether to strengthen legislative rol .
 yemen clashes rage on after president quits <sec> new : an official denies the government is responsible for deaths of protesters .  at least five people are killed by pro-government gunmen , medics say .  protests are bigger than expected a day after the president steps down .  demonstrators want ali abdullah saleh to face tria .
 dr. murray says michael jackson deceived him <sec> `` he was deceptive by not sharing with me his whole medical history , '' the doctor says .  slurred speech recording was an accident , murray tells nbc .  murray talked to nbc in trial 's `` waning days .
 study tracks effects of interruptions on doctors <sec> australian study looks at 40 emergency department doctors for 210 hours .  interruptions led doctors to spend less time on the tasks they were working on .  in nearly a fifth of cases interruptions cause them to give up on the task altogethe .
 immigration reform : will the climate ever be right ? <sec> `` it 's more important than ever to address immigration reform , '' one professor says .  another argues reform is needed , but the timing is bad , given the economy .  as a candidate , obama promised immigration would be a priority in first year .  one expert says populist outrage about immigration is `` based on a myth .
 pairing up to take the pain out of college search <sec> michael carter designed a program to help more low-income kids get into college .  college students guide high-schoolers through the entire application process .  they also work together to apply for available scholarships , financial aid .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroe .
 what is israel 's endgame in gaza ? <sec> military operations in gaza make sense for israel , an analyst says .  they will only make the violence fester and come back strong , says another .  both agree : for israel there is no dramatic endgame in this operatio .
 search for malaysia airlines flight 370 : the technology <sec> the more than two-week search for mh370 has covered an area the size of the u.s . .  satellites have been providing images of `` suspicious '' surface objects .  a number of nations have sent reconnaissance aircraft to southern indian ocean .  the malaysia airlines boeing 777 `` vanished '' on march 8 with 239 people on boar .
 officials : effort to rescue crew aboard antarctica ship stalls <sec> new : ice conditions have stalled a helicopter rescue , officials say .  new : alternative rescue measures are being considered , maritime officials say .  new : `` the preferred option is to wait for conditions that will allow the rescue , '' they say .  efforts by australian and chinese icebreakers to get to the crew have faile .
 chinese cyber attacks on west are widespread , experts say <sec> report : one in every three observed computer attacks in q3 2012 came from china .  the new york times and the wall street journal claim to be victims of chinese attacks .  chinese officials say there are no state-sponsored hacking attacks on western companies .  experts say the number of attacks coming out of china has risen in recent year .
 report : myanmar hiv/aids treatment crisis deepens <sec> hiv/aids treatment in myanmar needs to improve drastically says a report .  more than 25,000 people will die this year if these people do n't get treatment .  doctors without borders is almost the sole supplier of aid and need funding .  government and international community need to give more mone .
 security council oks thousands more troops to south sudan <sec> new : a senior british diplomat arrives in juba to help with negotiations .  u.n. chief says new forces to include troops , police , helicopters .  ethnic killings and mass graves reported in south sudan , u.n. official says .  u.s. marines are on standby to help rescue americans stranded in south suda .
 la galaxy wins mls cup in what may be beckham 's last game in u.s. league <sec> the galaxy entered the game as the clear favorite .  the sole goal came in the 72 minute .  beckham 's contract expires at the end of this year .  referring to other teams ' interest , he says , `` it 's always nice to be wanted .
 french football hit by 'race quota ' row <sec> french football hit by 'race quota ' row at its national training centers .  report alleges black and arab players to be restricted to 30 per cent at age 12-13 .  french football federation and national coach laurent blanc deny accusation .
 northern ireland police given more time to question gerry adams <sec> new : judge gives police more time to quiz gerry adams .  he is being questioned in connection with a 1972 abduction and killing .  adams denies any role in the death of mcconville , a widowed mother of 10 .  deputy first minister of northern ireland says adams ' arrest is politically motivate .
 maasai tribe 's 'last stand ' to keep land from game hunters <sec> tanzanian government threatening to evict maasai from traditional land .  maasai tribes in loliondo campaigning to stay on land .  the campaign has been supported by more than 1.7 million people worldwid .
 polio cases suspected in syria <sec> the virus is highly infectious .  wild poliovirus was last reported in syria in 1999 .  pending confirmation , syria 's ministry of health is planning a nationwide response .  the cluster was detected early this month , who say .
 john edwards knew about attempt to cover up affair , speechwriter testifies <sec> new : edwards knew benefactor was giving money to hide affair , speechwriter testifies .  witness tim toben details talks he said he had with edwards and the obama campaign .  the former presidential candidate faces federal corruption charges .  edwards has pleaded not guilty ; he could face up to 30 years behind bars if convicte .
 disagree with boss and keep your job <sec> gen. stanley mcchrystal is n't the first general who clashed with commander-in-chief .  it 's how you disagree with your boss that can make or break your employment .  get your motivation clear and start by clarifying your respect and intent .  lead with facts , monitor boss ' reaction and invite discussio .
 islamists : two stoned to death for committing adultery in mali <sec> `` no one dared to try and stop the islamists , '' a witness says .  the woman had two small children , according to a local resident .  radical islamic leader says it is punishment for infidelity .  chaos have rocked mali since a coup toppled the president in marc .
 federal court throws out limits on illegal immigrants <sec> federal court throws out laws limiting where illegal immigrants can live , work .  judge says ordinances conflict with supremacy clause of u.s. constitution .  law would have fined landlords renting to illegal aliens .  mayor lou barletta : `` this fight is far from over .
 pakistan claims dozens of militants killed <sec> pakistan military says it killed 47 militants in 24 hours in north west frontier province .  local sources say 20 killed in suspected u.s. missile strike on religious school .  pakistani troops fighting to oust taliban militants from volatile province .  in peshawar , nine killed when a car bomb exploded as school bus passe .
