 u.n. urges nato to stop afghan opium trade <sec> study finds opium makes up half of afghanistan 's gross domestic product .  agency pushes nato forces to attack skyrocketing problem aggressively .  drugs funds insurgency ; poppy trade unchecked in taliban strongholds .  u.n. drug chief advocates providing income alternative for poppy farmer .
 lenovo plans to be first to make a windows 8 tablet <sec> a report says lenovo is planning to be ready to ship the device in october .  there are reports that dell , hp and asus are working on offering windows 8 tablets .  a key differentiator will be based on a traditional pc chip or one that uses the arm architectur .
 couple 's bodies found after w. va. officers wounded <sec> fire marshal : blaze was intentionally set at victims ' north carolina house .  the victims `` would give the shirts off their back , '' the fire marshal adds .  authorities found their bodies in a truck driven by a man involved in a police shootou .
 ebola patient nancy writebol a 'humble ' woman of faith <sec> nancy writebol was diagnosed with ebola on july 25 while in liberia .  the mother of two has been in africa as part of her missionary work .  her pastor described nancy and her husband as `` the salt of the earth '' .  despite the high mortality rate , her son says : `` we feel like mom has a chance .
 gulf coast beaches update <sec> health officials have issued an advisory against swimming in alabama gulf waters .  visitors advised not to swim in waters from florida-alabama line to perdido key .  pensacola beach , florida , waters open for swimming and fishin .
 opinion : how to make a political scandal stick <sec> frida ghitis : controversy over irs official gives hope to those hoping for an obama scandal .  she says new technology today helps unearth , stoke scandals globally .  recipe for scandal : high official in clear-cut story that bears out suspicion of power abuse .  ghitis : obama still popular ; `` scandal '' is n't quite sticking to hi .
 fossett 's ill-fated flight was to be a 'sunday drive ' <sec> ntsb releases facts about the september 3 , 2007 , accident that killed adventurer .  steve fossett was first to circle the globe solo in a balloon .  dna tests confirmed that skeletal remains were fossett ' .
 obama pledges more help for veterans <sec> obama says budget calls for $ 25 billion increase in va funding over next five years .  homeless veterans will be targeted for support , obama says .  dramatically improved services planned for mental health , ptsd , brain injur .
 at & t ; begins sending throttling warnings to top data hogs <sec> at & t suggests top data users utilize wi-fi to avoid reduced speeds in future .  at & t was the first carrier to introduce the tiered data plan structure to customers .  verizon eliminated its unlimited data plan in jul .
 'the walking dead ' : how gross was that ? <sec> there was a gross scene on sunday 's `` the walking dead '' .  it 's just one of several on tv .  even reality shows have gotten more graphi .
 'batman v. superman ' trailer leaked online <sec> `` batman v. superman : dawn of justice '' trailer leaked thursday before being yanked offline .  film will be released on march 25 , 2016 and stars ben affleck and henry cavil .
 fort hood fire chief recalls response to 'shots fired ' moment <sec> fire chief came across officer , told her she `` needed to stay '' for her daughter .  chief says people were hollering all over the scene : `` i had no idea '' .  billy rhoads began firefighting when he was a tee .
 'the devil inside ' summons $ 34.5 million <sec> `` the devil inside '' earned a tremendous $ 34.5 million in its first three days .  `` mission : impossible - ghost protocol , '' continued its comeback performance with $ 20.5 million .  `` sherlock holmes : a game of shadows '' held onto third place with a $ 14.1 million weeken .
 november trial set in uk soldier 's killing <sec> michael adebowale and michael adebolajo appear before the court by video link .  both men are charged with the murder of a soldier .  court sets a preliminary trial date of november 18 for the two men .  soldier lee rigby was killed on may 22 in woolwich , southeast londo .
 out of trouble : how diplomacy brought peace to northern ireland <sec> some commentators have called the peace process in northern ireland a `` miracle '' .  it culminated in a power sharing deal between the ulster 's unionists and sinn fein .  peace and prosperity would not have occurred without diplomac .
 obama quits church , citing controversies <sec> obama says it was clear that pulpit remarks would always be linked to him .  resignation comes days after visiting priest mocked sen. hillary clinton .  trinity united church of christ membership has caused headaches for his cam .
 police-scanner sites see surge in traffic after boston <sec> police scanner streams and twitter accounts saw traffic surge during events in boston .  experts warn that chatter on police feeds can be misleading and not always true .  the old hobby of listening to police reports has moved online and to mobile apps .  broadcastify , the primary source for scanner feeds , streams around 3,500 scanner channel .
 slights , insults and snarky remarks -- she collects them <sec> columnist collects insults , slights and digs and savors them .  may have sotheby 's auction off her collection of classic insults .  to avoid insults , never ask a woman if she 's pregnant or knows husband is cheatin .
 six women who beat the boys <sec> female pitcher virne beatrice mitchell struck out both babe ruth and lou gehrig .  seana hogan holds the record for the san francisco to los angeles cycling race .  sonya thomas wins eating contests of oysters , chicken wings , krystal hamburger .
 mortar fire rains down on mogadishu <sec> for the second week in a row , mortar fire strikes somali capital .  mortars landed near presidential palace and national theater .  reports of casualties and damage are not immediately availabl .
 south has jobs available <sec> the south is not as hard hit with unemployment .  careerbuilder.com : oil , gas and health care industries continue to grow .  cnn affiliates report jobs are available and seekers are flockin .
 why is facebook making a phone that nobody wants ? <sec> informal poll : 80 % of respondents do n't want a facebook phone .  facebook credits do n't stand a chance against `` tap to pay '' tech in some handsets .  despite its size , facebook lags in mobile networking .  cashmore : if facebook succeeds , we all benefit ; if it fails , we lose nothin .
 nasa : no gunman at ohio research facility <sec> new : all clear sounded at nasa 's glenn research center .  new : the scare was part of a security exercise .  the glenn research center contains at least 500 test and research facilities on 350 acre .
 robert blake unleashes during piers morgan interview <sec> new : twitter explodes with reaction from the combative interview .  new : robert blake quotes verbatim , at times , from his writings during profanity-laced explanations .  blake says he 's never allowed the questions morgan asked .  the actor calls morgan `` charlie potatoes , '' taking a line from a 1958 movi .
 what does vladimir putin 's return mean for russia ? <sec> vladimir putin poised to assume a third term as russian president following election .  russian opposition leaders predict massive escalation in anti-putin protests .  expert : putin can not go back to old style of governing , must institute liberalizing reforms .  zakaria : post-election russia will look remarkably similar to pre-election russi .
 wisconsin assembly passes bill to curb collective bargaining <sec> new : wisconsin 's state assembly has passed an amended version of the bill .  new : democratic sen. jim holperin said he has returned to wisconsin .  new : holperin said the remaining 13 absentee democrats will be returning individually .  new : republican senate majority leader scott fitzgerald has received death threat .
 survivors recount chaos , horror of ferry collision <sec> 37 people drowned after ferries collide of hong kong 's lamma island .  survivors recall chaos , speed the passenger vessel sank in the water .  one of the boats had been ferrying passengers to a fireworks display .  impact was like hitting a rock or a lighthouse , another passenger say .
 pope calls for day of fasting for syria <sec> pope denounces chemical weapons use .  he calls for day of prayer and fasting for syria .  he invites `` all men of good will '' to join .  the pontiff appeals for peaceful efforts to end conflic .
 u.n. report slams vatican over child sex abuse response <sec> vatican official says the church has done a lot to keep children from being abused .  a u.n. committee accuses the vatican of protecting itself over victims of abuse .  the church has used cover-ups to protect its clergy , the report alleges .  the u.n. calls for the vatican to create a system for monitoring children 's right .
 valencia extends manchester united deal <sec> antonio valencia has signed a new four-year deal with manchester united .  the ecuador winger joined united from wigan athletic in june 2009 .  valencia has made 69 appearances in his old trafford career , scoring 10 goal .
 microbrew sales boom at ohio nudie bar <sec> pinups and pints owner scott conrad noticed a beer boom around dayton .  he decided to brew his own beer behind the stage .  customers still come in for the dancers , but they 're also drinking up .  conrad says he is `` ahead of the curve '' for adult entertainmen .
 take it from a girl who can not eat , a feeding tube is no fad <sec> feeding tubes are designed to nourish patients , instead of depriving them for weight loss .  samantha , 14 , gets her food only through her stomach feeding tube .  patients who require feeding tubes for life resent the idea of a dieting fa .
 hezbollah slams eu 's blacklisting of its military arm <sec> hezbollah : the eu 's decision was `` written by american hands using israeli ink '' .  the lebanese shiite group has been supporting the syrian regime .  a syrian opposition group says praises the eu 's decision but says it can go further .  kerry : the move will allow european agencies to crack down on hezbollah 's fundraisin .
 best breakfasts around the world <sec> travel + leisure and cnn have been searching for places to eat like a local .  here are 10 of the world 's tastiest breakfast options .  whether you 're in the mood for eggs , pastries or sushi , there 's something for yo .
 airport towers get temporary reprieve <sec> series of calls held with contractors over the impact of budget cuts on control towers .  at issue are operations at 168 air traffic towers staffed by contractors .  forced , government-wide budget cuts are expected to impact faa service .
 first transgender mma fighter goes public <sec> fallon fox became a woman through surgery in 2006 .  she won her first two fights in the first round .  she revealed her operation to si after another publication looked into her surgery .  her last opponent is appealing the loss , saying fox failed to disclose backgroun .
 out of controversy comes paul frank-native designer collaboration <sec> paul frank hosted a party last year that many deemed offensive to native americans .  the fashion and accessories label apologized , vowed to rectify mistakes .  native american bloggers connected brand with four artists from the community .  artists will apply their cultural designs to paul frank merchandis .
 five stories you missed during the royal baby coverage <sec> dubai pardons norwegian woman who was jailed after reporting being raped .  5.9-magnitude earthquake leaves dozens dead in northwest china .  hezbollah 's military wing designated a terrorist group by e .
 british airways in merger talks with qantas <sec> british airways confirms it is in merger talks with australian rival qantas .  ba says it is looking at possible dual-listed company structure .  airline says it is continuing talks with iberi .
 six gay men shot to death in iraq by tribe members <sec> in the most recent attack , two men were killed thursday in sadr city area of baghdad .  witnesses tell cnn a sadr city cafe , also popular with gay men , was set on fire .  shootings came after tribal meeting when members decided to go after the victim .
 explosions rock 3 pakistan schools <sec> three schools in pakistan 's troubled northwest targeted by bomb blasts .  one bomb planted at school on outskirts of peshawar .  blasts caused damage to walls but no injuries are reporte .
 russia says drillers reach long-buried antarctic lake <sec> new : scientists hope samples will yield previously undiscovered life , clues of planet 's history .  russia says its scientists have reached the lake under 2 miles of ice .  the lake has been buried beneath a thick sheet of ice for millions of year .
 american brings skateboarding diplomacy to cuba <sec> rene lecour is a first-generation cuban-american and skateboard shop owner .  he wanted to help cuban skaters get better equipment .  he reached out to young skateboarders , who donated dozens of old boards .  he brought them to cuba on a recent trip with his famil .
 syria foreign fightters : what lures americans ( opinion ) <sec> 12 americans have been charged with supporting militant groups in syria or have died there .  peter bergen : they are young , mostly not college grads , likely to have traveled through turkey .  none is of syrian descent ; they represent a wide mix of ethnic backgrounds , he says .  bergen : all but two of the 12 were active on jihadi social medi .
 u.n. : hiv infections down in children <sec> new infections in children are down in large parts of the developing world .  a joint u.s.-u.n. program distributes antiretrovirals to pregnant women .  more breast-feeding mothers need to take the medication , organizers sa .
 one dead in pennsylvania home explosion , official says <sec> officials : 1:30 p.m. explosion kills grandfather , severely injures grandchild .  it 's unclear what caused the blast , authorities say .  investigator : 64-year-old richard leith died at hospital .  neighbor says he saw a woman running down street with a little girl after blas .
 in election , 'a seat at the table ' costs $ 5,000 <sec> lz granderson : as of march , obama and romney had raised combined $ 300 million .  lz asks , since when did candidates need this much money to campaign ? .  limits should be put on the time and money spent to win office , he writes .  lz : so many people do n't have jobs , and we 're fundraising for the ric .
 grimes wo n't say if she voted for obama - cnnpolitics.com <sec> kentucky 's democratic senate candidate wo n't say if she voted for president obama .  alison lundergan grimes cited the `` matter of principle '' of privacy at the ballot box .  gop sen. mitch mcconnell criticized her answer , said he voted for john mccain , mitt romne .
 queen welcomes irish president -- and the thaw continues <sec> visit of irish president marks first state trip to london since 1921 .  queen elizabeth made historic visit to dublin nearly three years ago .  foster : relations between two countries have gradually normalized since 1990 .
 ouattara supporter killed in abidjan <sec> new : 63 people have been detained , 8 injured , 7 of them police , the interior ministry says .  gbagbo promised to recall troops from hotel , but they remained there late in the day .  alassane ouattara has demanded a siege on his hotel be lifted as a condition for talk .
 bayer leverkusen 's 'ghost ' goal victory in bundesliga allowed to stand <sec> hoffenheim fail in bid to get bundesliga match against bayer leverkusen replayed .  hoffenheim lost the home match 2-1 .  second leverkusen goal from stefan kiessling controversially awarded .  dfb said it had 'no alternative ' but to let the result stan .
 mlb sues florida clinic linked to supplying players with peds <sec> new : major league baseball says it lost revenue and `` goodwill '' due to clinic 's actions .  new : the league says biogenesis `` intentionally '' led players to try to defy its rules .  the clinic allegedly supplied performance enhancing drugs to athletes , including baseball stars .  one player who reportedly got such drugs , alex rodriguez , has denied such report .
 iraqi woman fears execution , ca n't stop thinking of gallows <sec> woman sobs about impending execution : `` i ca n't think of anything else '' .  samar saed abdullah , 27 , was convicted as accessory to murder of 3 relatives .  she says police coerced and tortured her into confessing .  ministry of justice maintains that judicial system is `` fair and just .
 could hillary clinton be obama 's ace in the hole ? <sec> lz granderson : an obama-clinton re-election ticket would give new life to campaign .  he says clinton , accomplished politician , could lure independent and women voters .  he says the vice presidency would position her for a presidential run in 2016 .  granderson : obama 's former foe could be his ace in the hol .
 oh no , it 's `` sharknado '' and it 's ravaging twitter <sec> # sharknado blows up the twitterverse .  social media is swimming in comments .  `` sharknado '' is a new disaster movie on syf .
 armstrong 's bicycle found , police say <sec> california police : man turned bicycle in ; he 's not considered a suspect .  cycling legend 's bike , two others disappeared from team trailer after race .  police : the other bikes -- belonging to armstrong 's teammates -- still are missing .  police : we have info `` that we 're not putting out '' about a suspect or suspect .
 william and catherine leave on honeymoon <sec> st. james 's palace will not say where the royal couple went .  william , the second in line to the throne , married catherine middleton april 2 .
 keith campbell , who cloned dolly the sheep , dead at 58 <sec> scientist was credited with much of the work behind dolly 's cloning .  he was a researcher at scottish institute when the sheep was cloned in 1996 .  the work is leading to therapies that will save lives , a researcher told campbell 's universit .
 fire call hits close to home for 911 dispatcher <sec> massachusetts dispatcher answered neighbor 's call about burning home .  three other people in home escaped uninjured .  he says his dispatch experience with crises helps him cope with losing a hom .
 same-sex bridal magazine born of frustration <sec> couple worried about vendors ' reactions while planning their wedding .  they e-mailed instead of calling vendors to protect their own feelings .  kirsten , a journalist , and maria , a graphic designer , decided to start own magazine .  equally wed showcases gay weddings for anybody planning their ow .
 monsoon leaves 50,000 homeless , scores dead <sec> heavy rains , flooding lash sourthern nepal and northern india .  in nepal , flooding has forced as many as 50,000 from their homes .  india officials say at least 74 people have died in the state of uttar prades .
 protesters rally against same-sex marriage in france <sec> a proposed bill would give same-sex couples new marriage and adoption rights .  french president francois hollande pledged new legislation while campaigning .  his plan faces stiff opposition from the roman catholic church and social conservative .
 reports : philippines foils manila airport bombing <sec> manila 's international airport is on high alert after an alleged bomb plot is foiled .  a group of men was allegedly trying to detonate explosives outside , state-run media report .  the philippines news agency said the suspects were caught before dawn monday after a tip .  agents from the philippines national bureau of investigation are investigating the inciden .
 severe weather blasts bridgeport , connecticut <sec> new : eyewitness said it turned black for five minutes , then cleared .  severe weather caused significant damage in bridgeport , connecticut .  the mayor put bridgeport under state of emergency .  the severe weather 's currently classified as a thunderstor .
