 malala to nigeria 's boko haram : stop misusing islam <sec> malala yousafzai is in nigeria in support of more than 200 girls abducted by boko haram .  malala meets president goodluck jonathan in capital , makes malala day speech .  over the weekend , malala met relatives of some of the missing girls and some who escaped .  the advocate for girls ' education survived a taliban assassination attempt in pakistan in 201 .
 gap : report of kids ' sweatshop 'deeply disturbing ' <sec> clothes giant fires contractor at center of child labor allegations .  allegations include children as young as 10 working 16 hours a day for no pay .  boy , 10 , tells british newspaper he was sold to a sweatshop by his parents .  gap : garments allegedly produced by the children will not be sold in store .
 abused animals in lebanon face losing safe haven <sec> beirut for the ethical treatment of animals has cared for more than 1,500 cats and dogs .  animal rights not a popular cause in lebanon , which has few animal-protection laws .  many animals taken in by the shelter have suffered horrific abus .
 man described as high-ranking somali pirate gets multiple life sentences <sec> authorities say mohammad saalli shibin was a high-level pirate negotiator .  he negotiated release of pirate-held hostages and vessels in return for ransom .  shibin was captured in somalia in 2011 and convicted earlier this year .  a judge handed him 12 life sentences on monda .
 texan town tries to rebuild with community , spirituality <sec> a fertilizer plant exploded in west , texas , on wednesday , killing 14 people .  a priest at a church in west vows his `` strong city '' will `` overcome this tragedy '' .  texans are rallying to aid the beleaguered people of west .  authorities are letting evacuated townspeople return to their damaged home .
 study : glaciers in western himalayas bucking global melting trend <sec> glaciers in the karakoram mountains in western himalayas are stable or gaining mass , new study says .  data from two satellites reveals small increases since beginning of 21st century .  small gains are in contrast to the picture of melting in rest of himalayas and in other region .
 alonso 'surprised ' by renault race-fix accusation <sec> fernando alonso evades questions about renault 's upcoming fia hearing .  team faces probe over alleged race-fixing at last year 's singapore grand prix .  alonso , who won race , says he will only comment after september 21 inquiry .  former teammate nelson piquet jnr 's crash is at center of the investigatio .
 afl-cio president trumpets warren , calls for dems to pick sides on labor issues in 2015 <sec> richard trumka heralds sen. elizabeth warren as an `` inspiration '' who embodies labor 's `` highest ideals '' on wednesday .  trumka to warren : `` you have always been and will always be a remarkable champion of working people '' .  trumka urged democrats to take sides on labor ahead of the 2016 presidential electio .
 zimbabwe officer who used mugabe 's toilet awaits word on his fate <sec> police officer on security team at zimbabwe trade fair had to go , and used vip toilet .  it was reserved for president robert mugabe and african export import bank chief .  relative of officer says he hopes the guilty verdict will be overturned this wee .
 paul ryan : tech 's friend or foe ? <sec> it 's possible to glean some of paul ryan 's positions on tech issues from his voting record and prior interviews .  ryan publicly opposed sopa , although he added that internet piracy was a `` legitimate problem '' .  he voted against an amendment that would have established network neutrality as la .
 turks , americans are amsterdam crash dead <sec> new : two boeing employees -- among four on flight -- were killed , company says .  new : their identities have not been released .  63 people remained in the hospital , six in critical condition , mayor says .  plane crashed near amsterdam 's main airport , splitting into three part .
 suspected gunman one goh : doting son , angry over his college expulsion <sec> one goh visited his parents in senior housing .  but he was angry about oikos university expelling him , police say .  goh felt students and others teased him for his limited english speaking skills .  korean-american leaders in oakland consider a strategy to address the traged .
 new photos of charles manson released <sec> manson was sentenced in 1969 killing of sharon tate , others .  manson 's latest parole hearing is scheduled for april 11 .  he has been denied parole 11 times and is not a model prisoner , officials sa .
 fire near white house brings hotel evacuations <sec> two hotels evacuated in downtown washington during fire .  underground transformer apparently caught fire .  no injuries have been reported .
 mix of internet , politics ripe for abuse , experts say <sec> politically related internet attacks moderate so far , security expert says .  with internet fundraising a success , thieves may be more likely to strike on web .  bogus sites with urls close to candidates ' sites take advantage of `` typo squatting '' .  internet attackers rarely caught , expert say .
 egypt 's tumult , day-by-day <sec> tuesday , january 25 brought first massive protest in tahrir square .  president hosni mubarak announced january 29 he had sacked his cabinet .  clashes between pro- and anti-mubarak demonstrators began february .
 at least 60 dead as heavy rain hits central america <sec> evacuations are in effect in el salvador , where 32 people are dead .  28 people are killed in guatemala .  more rain is forecas .
 kerry : senate delays on diplomats harm u.s. security <sec> dozens of nominees held up by partisan politics in the senate .  many are career diplomats , not political patrons who often get ambassador jobs .  kerry says some are destined for hotspots where u.s. leadership is neede .
 banksy mural torn from wall , up for auction <sec> 4-foot-by-5-foot banksy mural was on london store .  mural was point of pride for locals .  residents noticed mural was taken away last week .  `` slave labour '' expected to fetch more than $ 500,00 .
 explosions hit thai anti-government protest in bangkok ; 28 injured <sec> the blasts hit protesters as they marched through the city .  the latest round of anti-government demonstrations in bangkok began this week .  a number of violent incidents have flared around the protests .  protesters want prime minister yingluck shinawatra to step dow .
 vijay mallya : 'king of good times ' confident about india 's f1 future <sec> businessman vijay mallya is living his dream as a formula one team boss .  force india co-owner hopes his home country will continue to host the sport .  india race is off 2014 calendar but is expected to return the following year .  mallya says india has hundreds of millions of potential f1 fan .
 no indications of u.s. subway terror plot , officials say <sec> state dept . .  official tells cnn `` no specific credible threat whatsoever '' uncovered in u.s . .  u.s. intelligence , law officials say they have no indication of a transit system terror plot .  iraq 's pm said his country uncovered a plot against u.s. , paris subways , reports say .  new york gov . .  andrew cuomo : state officials are treating the report with `` utmost precaution .
 chris tucker mocks his financial troubles in comedy act <sec> `` rush hour '' star cracked a few jokes about his financial struggles .  tucker even used his interactions with bill collectors as fodder .  tucker is also quoted as making a crack about being so bad with mone .
 2 abducted u.n. peacekeepers freed in darfur <sec> the two unamid police personnel were abducted while on patrol in august .  they appear to be unharmed and in good health , unamid said .  the two jordanians will be returned home as soon as possible , it sai .
 oscar pistorius : reeva steenkamp : model , law graduate <sec> the striking , platinum-haired model was gearing up for her reality television debut .  `` what do you have up your sleeve for your love tomorrow ? '' .  she tweeted day before death .  before she started dating pistorius , reeva steenkamp was famous in her own righ .
 seemingly naked people in campaign ad <sec> kelly kultala for congress campaign releases an ad with folks seemingly naked .  the people were not nudists or actors ; they were supporters of the campaign .  `` it should also be noted that nobody was actually nude during filming , '' says campaign manager .  kultala 's opponent -- rep. kevin yoder -- was reprimanded in 2012 for skinny dipping on a tri .
 'argo ' all the way <sec> new : `` argo '' wins best picture .  new : jennifer lawrence , daniel day-lewis win best acting honors .  ang lee wins best director for `` life of pi '' .  adele 's `` skyfall '' wins best song ; first james bond theme to do s .
 kidnap victim jaycee dugard talks about her 18 years of terror <sec> jaycee dugard was just 11 when she was abducted .  she gave birth to two children during her 18 years in captivity .  her memoir , `` a stolen life , '' is due in stores on tuesday .  dugard speaks exclusively to abc news ' diane sawye .
 cam newton sidelined for sunday 's game after wreck <sec> newton thanks fans for support , says god was protecting him from serious injury during crash .  police report says driver of car that hit newton says he did n't see newton 's truck .  newton suffered two fractures in his back after wreck in uptown charlotte on tuesday .  backup quarterback derek anderson will start in place of cam newton , coach say .
 u.s. on syria chemical attack : what 's the evidence ? <sec> americans have not seen the evidence the obama administration describes .  two u.s. officials differ on `` reasonable doubt '' .  obama has `` high confidence , '' the strongest position short of confirmation .  `` no way in hell '' the u.s. knows such a specific death toll , a former defense official say .
 sen. snowe not afraid to buck her party <sec> sen. olympia snowe is one of two gop senators from maine .  snowe has said she is guided by principles and constituents , not her party .  analyst : snowe 's independent streak is `` not new behavior for her '' .  in 2006 , time magazine named her one of the top 10 u.s. senator .
 f1 safety pioneer watkins dies <sec> motorsport safety expert sid watkins passes away aged 84 .  watkins was responsible for improving safety standards across motorsport .  the briton was first brought into sport by f1 bernie ecclestone in the 1970s .  after leaving f1 in 2005 , watkins was the first president of the fia institut .
 eating animals is making us sick <sec> jonathan safran foer : inhumane way we raise animals for slaughter poisons us all .  foer : factory farming tied to global warming , swine and bird flu , other illnesses .  he says animals loaded with antibiotics , live in gruesome conditions .  system driven by food and pharmaceutical industries ; foer asks : why no outcry .
 babying yourself royally in london <sec> head to the goring , where kate middleton stayed the night before her wedding .  shop for kate-worn clothing labels at st. martin 's courtyard .  visit hyde park to see where king henry viii went on deer and wild boar hunts .  the cadogan serves tea supplied by the queen 's grocer , partridges of chelse .
 wave of attacks in iraq leave at least 35 dead ; more than 100 hurt <sec> 11 car bomb explosions kill 29 , injure 107 in baghdad , officials tell cnn .  five killed when gunmen attack a police station in falluja .  army general dies when bomb explodes in his convoy in northern mosu .
 n. korea invites media to nuclear plant blast <sec> north korea plans to destroy nuclear plant 's cooling tower .  implosion is part of an agreement with the united states .  u.n. says the cooling tower would take a year to rebuild .  long-term aim is to rid the korean peninsula of nuclear weapon .
 official who freed zimbabwe opposition politician arrested <sec> magistrate who released a senior opposition politician arrested .  high court had ordered politican released , but decision was suspended .  roy bennett 's imprisonment a crack in coalition of opposition and robert mugabe .  in separate decision , high court ordered release of three human rights activist .
 babble bloggers : 'we 're pissed ' to be pregnant with twins <sec> couple writes anonymously about their frustration in being pregnant with twins after ivf .  online commenters call them selfish , bitter and ungrateful .  multiple births is common after ivf , but doctors are becoming more cautiou .
 christmas on the estate : 6 grand houses <sec> lavish estates are prime spots for soaking up lavish holiday displays .  the biltmore house in north carolina is a big draw at christmas .  newport , rhode island 's gilded age `` cottages '' are not too shabby eithe .
 boston cop who sent 'jungle monkey ' e-mail sues <sec> officer suspended for referring to black prof as a `` banana-eating jungle monkey '' .  justin barrett wrote e-mail talking about harvard professor henry louis gates .  barrett is suing city of boston , saying suspension violates his civil rights .  gates was arrested at his house after police thought he was breaking i .
 spanish soldier arrested over 'jihad ' videos <sec> spanish soldier , russian girlfriend held for allegedly promoting islamic extremism .  suspects , 23 , were arrested in southern spanish city of granada .  videos posted on web allegedly aimed to inspire extremist attack .
 san francisco may sue nevada over alleged 'patient dumping ' <sec> san francisco says nevada gave mental patients a one-way ticket .  it says 500 patients were sent to california , including 24 to san francisco .  nevada 's state attorney general refuses comment .  san francisco seeks compensation for the patients ' medical car .
 serena williams <sec> serena williams beats flavia pennetta 0-6 6-3 6-0 in hopman cup .  williams needed a coffee to help her after `` bagelling '' first set .  john isner defeats fabio fognini to help u.s. beat ital .
 serena puts troubles to one side with commanding first round win <sec> defending champion williams into second round with straight sets win .  32nd straight win equals justine henin 's feat of 2007-2008 .  last year 's runner-up agnieszka radwanska drops just two games against austrian qualifie .
 chilean miners tour hollywood and will later attend 'cnn heroes ' <sec> new : miners and their relatives sing `` we the miners of chile '' from double-decker buses .  one miner became a poet while underground just to survive gloom .  a miner 's wife feared the ordeal would be too much on her pregnant 17-year-old daughter .  but the daughter gave birth to a girl this week , the first grandchil .
 was saint patrick a slave-trading tax collector ? <sec> st. patrick 's day is the feast day st. patrick , patron saint of ireland .  study : patrick may have sold slaves in order to pay his way to ireland to avoid tax collector job in britain .  traditional history says patrick was abducted in britain and taken to ireland as a slave .  legend : patrick used shamrock , national emblem of ireland , to explain concept of holy trinit .
 will this be christians ' last easter in iraq ? <sec> rarely since the first century have christians faced persecution on this scale , say dolan , downey and burnett . .  crisis escalated substantially as isis has swept through iraq 's nineveh province , the authors write .
 puerto rico 's economic woes trigger u.s. exodus <sec> puerto rican college graduate shares her story on why she left the island .  s & p cut puerto rico 's credit rating to junk status last month in face of $ 70 billion debt .  `` i was sharing an apartment with 6 others and my expenses were still 70 % of my salary '' .  graduate says she has n't given up on her goal to improve things in puerto ric .
 after hacks , facebook unlocks new security mechanisms <sec> facebook adds a security feature that asks you to identify friends in pictures .  the social networking site is also adding the option of secure web browsing .  these additions come after a pair of high-profile hacks on the site this wee .
 sarah palin tells oprah about controversies , future <sec> palin says she thought a bad grade years ago would be extent of controversy .  palin 's interview with oprah winfrey comes a day before her book hits .  the way campaign handled bristol 's pregnancy was first in string of frustrations for palin .  ticket lost because economy changed under gop administration , palin say .
 the cost of peace <sec> bob greene : memorial day a holiday for barbecues , fun ; but better to reflect on peace .  he says day raises dichotomy : brutality , which we shun , to bring peace , which we embrace .  his friend dropped hiroshima bomb from enola gay . .  his purpose to end war , bring peace .  greene : we prefer to think of war 's end in famous v-j day kiss phot .
 2 new york police officers shot ; 2 men arrested <sec> two men arrested , another in custody , in connection with shootings of two officers .  wounded officers are andrew dossi and aliro pellerano , according to police .  nypd officers responding to armed robbery are shot ; 2 are hospitalize .
 rally backs fired atlanta fire chief <sec> kelvin cochran 's book , `` who told you that you were naked , '' decries homosexuality .  he and his backers say his firing violates his rights to freedom of speech , religio .
 4 indicted in alleged klan initiation slaying <sec> police say cynthia lynch of tulsa shot as she tried to leave kkk rite .  raymond `` chuck '' foster is reputed leader of klan group .  foster , his son , two others accused in indictment of second-degree murder .  `` they will be prosecuted to the max , '' spokesman for prosecutor sai .
 djokovic aims to usurp federer in indian wells semi showdown <sec> novak djokovic will take on roger federer in the semifinals at indian wells .  serbian can claim the world no . .  2 ranking if he beats federer for third time this year .  no . .  1 rafael nadal faces former u.s. open champion juan martin del potro in other semi .  marion bartoli becomes first frenchwoman to reach the final of california even .
 judge clears transocean of some damages in deepwater horizon spill <sec> federal judge says transocean is n't liable for third parties ' compensatory damages .  those third parties comprise the vast majority of plaintiffs .  the deepwater horizon explosion caused the worst oil spill in u.s. history .  the lawsuit will go to trial february 27 in new orlean .
 russian youzhny dumps out djokovic in rotterdam semifinals <sec> new : top two seeds roddick and verdasco reach final of sap open in san jose .  world no . .  2 djokovic suffers shock defeat in semifinals of world tennis tournament .  serbian beaten by russian sixth seed mikhail youzhny in rotterdam .  youzhny , ranked 20th , will play world no . .  8 robin soderling in sunday 's fina .
 russian president lauds u.s. passage of nuclear arms treaty <sec> the two presidents spoke by phone on thursday .  medvedev congratulates obama on senate approval of the nuclear treaty .  the senate passes the new start on a 71-26 vote .  the treaty will bring back inspections and limit each nation 's warheads and launcher .
 newtown mementos incinerated to make bricks for memorial <sec> newtown residents collected mementos that poured into town from throughout the world .  items were incinerated , with the ashes to be used in the making of bricks for memorial .  four tractor trailer cargo containers hold ashes of incinerated memento .
 lawyer : tamerlan tsarnaev 's in-laws answer questions from grand jury <sec> the in-laws of the late tamerlan tsarnaev appear before a federal grand jury in boston .  a family lawyer says they answered questions but does not elaborate .  katherine russell was married to tsarnaev for 3 years before the spring attack .  her lawyers have said she , her family were shocked to hear tsarnaev tied to the blast .
 review : 'oz the great and powerful ' is more than good enough <sec> sam raimi 's `` oz the great and powerful '' is a prequel to `` wizard of oz '' .  instead of dorothy , james franco 's oscar diggs is the focus .  director sam raimi takes care to honor the original in spirit and style .  critic : `` oz '' is short on charm and innocence but astute and suspensefu .
 experts : egypt 's fate rests in hands of popular , powerful military <sec> protesters have embraced egyptian troops since they were deployed on the streets .  this is in sharp contrast toward how they 've approached the much reviled national police .  the military is well represented in mubarak 's government .  an expert says the military must decide how to keep order without antagonizing the publi .
 the shadows of a 'dark ' year <sec> heath ledger died in january , had been expected to reach new stardom .  year 's other events included britney spears institutionalization , `` snl '' heights .  election crossed over into entertainment realm .
 8th suspect sought in north carolina 'jihad ' case <sec> seven other men have been arrested on charges of supporting terrorism .  8th person being sought is u.s. citizen ; public told not to be worried .  wife of suspect daniel patrick boyd said charges had not been substantiated .  daniel boyd , a u.s. citizen , and his two sons are among the seven men arreste .
