 what 's next after superstorm sandy ? <sec> e. robert thieler , nathaniel plant , hilary stockdon : we need a solution after sandy .  they say during superstorm sandy , coastlines experienced massive overwash .  restoring the barrier islands to their pre-storm state increase long-term risks , they say .  thieler , plant , stockdon : it 's better to move up and away from the beachfron .
 hillary clinton wanted tougher deal for bergdahl , former officials say <sec> former officials : hillary clinton was skeptical of prisoner trade plans .  clinton was pushing for tougher terms and did n't trust the haqqani network , they say .  she was also asking for a taliban renunciation of terroris .
 'imagineer ' touts geothermal energy invention <sec> resort owner makes electricity with water the temperature of a cup of coffee .  alaskan entrepreneur goes from diesel to geothermal , saving $ 625k in 3 years .  he invented portable geothermal generator that he says can power 250 homes .  mit : most of u.s. can be transformed into a huge geothermal power zon .
 'jane the virgin ' knocks it out of the park <sec> the cw 's two new fall shows are getting strong buzz .  both `` the flash '' and `` jane the virgin '' have been well-received .  `` jane 's '' premiere has been praised as one of the best this seaso .
 tv was a streaming success in 2013 <sec> this year was all about on-demand programming .  netflix scored big with original programming .  twitter released its first `` tv ratings .
 alleged murderer and rapist added to fbi 's ten most wanted fugitives list <sec> fidel urbina is wanted in connection with a brutal murder more than 10 years ago .  he was free on bond on an kidnapping and rape charge when the murder took place .  the fbi says he has connections in durango , mexico , and in chicag .
 why americans love the dalai lama <sec> the dalai lama , tibet 's spiritual leader , has broad base of fans in america .  his sense of peace inspires ; 56 percent of americans view him favorably , poll shows .  he fills symbolic placeholder left by gandhi and mlk , tibet house executive says .  buddhism helps him avoid trappings of fame , by not allowing ego to take ove .
 what 's behind the horsemeat contamination scandal ? <sec> horsemeat has been found in `` beef '' products sold in sweden , the uk and france .  horsemeat is n't a health hazard , but could contain a veterinary drug unsafe for humans .  britain 's fsa suspects `` gross negligence or deliberate contamination '' .  the agency has ordered food businesses to test all beef products for authenticit .
 review : 'the lucky one ' is an unconvincing romance <sec> the strong , silent type is not zac efron 's natural forte .  efron plays logan , a marine with three tours of iraq under his belt .  taylor schilling plays beth , a divorced kennel-owner in the market for a dog walke .
 american , canadian pilots killed in guyana plane crash <sec> authorities say the small plane suffered engine trouble and crashed into a house .  a resident in the house said she ran outside seconds before the house burst into flames .  the plane is registered to a miami-based aerial photography and survey compan .
 cnn heroes honored in hollywood <sec> `` cnn heroes : an all-star tribute '' aired thanksgiving weekend on cnn .  grammy winners christina aguilera , alicia keys and john legend performed .  the show honored the top 10 cnn heroes as selected by a distinguished panel .  liz mccartney of st. bernard parish , louisiana , named cnn hero of the yea .
 gop ties job numbers to anti-tax stance in debt talks <sec> gop leaders say friday 's poor jobs report is more evidence tax hikes ca n't be part of a deal .  democrats and republicans are trying to reach a deal to raise the debt ceiling by august 2 .  boehner says that democrats ' insistence on tax hikes jeopardizes any long-term deal .  white house source says obama will insist on a long-term deal in talks sunday evenin .
 the basics of anthrax <sec> anthrax can spread through infected animals , spores , and undercooked meat .  the disease results from a bacterium called bacillus anthracis .  the cdc recommends that some people at risk for exposure get vaccinate .
 sebelius out , obama nominates new health secretary - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama taps omb director to head up health agency .  sylvia mathews burwell is the director of the office of management and budget .  she was responsible for sending out the shutdown order to federal agencies last fall .  burwell has a long history with the clintons and in washingto .
 gunman wounded , ending french hostage incident , police say <sec> new : president hollande hails the police operation and safe release of hostages .  the hostage-taker was shot in the hand and thigh , the toulouse prosecutor says .  the man has `` psychological troubles '' and his motivation is not clear , he says .  the gunman claims to be linked to al qaeda , police sa .
 apple verdict : set to stifle or spur innovation ? <sec> lawyer christopher carani : the apple verdict is a victory for consumers , design rights and the patent system .  apple 's competitors , including samsung , will now need to steer clear of apple 's designs .  carani believes the best way to compete with apple 's designs is not to emulate but to out-desig .
 davids makes playing comeback <sec> edgar davids makes his comeback for league two side barnet .  dutchman had not played professional football since october 2010 .  davids was appointed as joint head coach of the club just over a week ago .  his first start coincided with barnet 's first league win of the seaso .
 india cancel 2009 cricket tour of pakistan <sec> indian sports minister ms gill confirms india will not tour pakistan in 2009 .  india were due to play a number of cricket matches in january and february .  relations between two countries are strained following recent mumbai attacks .  india are the latest international cricket side to withdraw from tour of pakista .
 clinton says trial shows iran 'is afraid of its own people ' <sec> `` it is a show trial , there 's no doubt about it , '' clinton told cnn 's fareed zakaria .  among the accused is journalist maziar bahari , a dual citizen of iran and canada .  iranian-american scholar kian tajbakhsh also is charged with crimes .  interview with the secretary of state will be broadcast on `` gps '' sunda .
 all the world 's a stage as shakespeare goes to south sudan <sec> south sudan theatre company producing shakespeare play `` cymbeline '' in juba arabic .  juba arabic is widely spoken in south sudan .  they will perform the play at london 's globe theatre in may .  theater survived sudan 's civil war , says the company 's directo .
 new york woman accused in alleged newtown charity scam <sec> nouel alba has been arrested .  donors allegedly transmitted money to a paypal account .  criminal complaint accuses her of lying to federal agents .  woman says she never set up fund .
 pentagon : violence down in iraq since 'surge ' <sec> pentagon 's quarterly report to congress notes violence reduction .  it also notes that jihadists loyal to al qaeda in iraq are still a threat .  report credits sons of iraq , former insurgents who are now being paid by u.s . .  increasing oil export revenues are putting more money into iraq , report say .
 two guards hurt in libya attack now in good condition <sec> new : libya 's interior ministry issues a condemnation of the attack , calls for boost in security .  the incident took place monday in benghazi .  the ambassador was not injured in the attac .
 whites become minority in kansas county <sec> u.s. census bureau : six u.s. counties switch to `` majority-minority '' .  whites are now the minority in finney county , kansas .  meatpacking plant draws burmese , vietnamese and somalis .  former garden city mayor : `` it makes it nice to have those different cultures .
 nfl players suspended over bounty program eligible to play <sec> new : vilma tweeted : `` victory is mine ! ! ! ! .  -stewie griffin . '' .  they will be allowed to play while the reviews are under way .  players were offered a bounty to knock out quarterbacks , the league says .  vilma sued the nfl and commissioner roger goodel .
 japan 's abe expected to announce plans to loosen limits on military <sec> prime minister shinzo abe is expected to outline plans to change defense policy .  the country 's constitution renounces using force to settle international disputes .  but abe wants to reinterpret it to allow japanese forces to defend allies .  that has prompted concerns within japan and from chin .
 pakistani woman watches taliban take over town she loves <sec> `` probably your next 9/11 is going to be from swat , '' says woman who fled the town .  pakistani government agreed monday to let taliban rule the area .  `` they are killing people , they are beheading people '' the woman says .  she says taliban 's anti-women moves will `` destroy an entire generation .
 data mining revelation opens political pandora 's box <sec> president obama defends secret programs in the face of questions , criticism .  obama 's adoption of bush-era security programs is a shift from his senate days .  analyst : increased homegrown terrorism changes american views of the patriot act .  critics say debating the issue requires more details of what the government is doin .
 flood , disasters punish south , but locals say region shall rise again <sec> the deep south has been pummeled by big disasters caused by nature and man .  this month 's flooding on the mississippi river has rendered many residents jobless .  but , as one cajun fisherman says , southerners are `` a resilient people .
 tv producer marion stokes ' 840,000 hours of news tapes to be archived <sec> philadelphia woman started recording tv news onto cassette tapes in 1977 .  the collection — 140,000 tapes in total — will be digitized into an online , public library .  the internet archive will handle the project , which will take several years and $ 2 millio .
 n.j. governor kills hudson river tunnel project <sec> new : decision will hurt new jersey , analyst says .  governor : the project was expected to exceed its budget .  the tunnel project was put on hold last month .  $ 600 million already spent on the project may not be reimburse .
 mideast peace talks resume in jerusalem <sec> talks resumed wednesday evening , senior palestinian official says .  israel releases palestinian prisoners ahead of new peace talks .  but palestinians are angered by israeli plans for new construction in east jerusalem .  the issue of israeli settlements derailed the last round of direct talks in 201 .
 wingwoman offers guys 6 dating tips <sec> here are six secrets men need to know about women so they do n't destroy their dating life .  a man who is comfortable and confident will trump an abercrombie model every time .  there is no right line to say to a woman , but there is a right way to say i .
 huge challenges await next pope <sec> kevin clarke : pope benedict xvi 's decision to resign caught papal watchers off-guard .  clarke : but canon law allows papal resignation ; it 's tradition that popes reign till death .  benedict said a pope is obligated to resign if he ca n't handle duties .  clarke : whoever is chosen will deal with huge challenges facing catholic churc .
 baseball legend hank aaron getting biopic treatment <sec> a biopic is being made about henry `` hank '' aaron , the baseball legend .  aaron broke babe ruth 's decades-long career home-run record on april 8 , 1974 .  aaron will consult on the film with producer mike tolli .
 man arrested after overseas trip , accused of sympathizing with isis <sec> donald ray morgan was arrested at new york 's jfk airport , court documents show .  a federal grand jury in north carolina has charged him with illegal weapons possession .  prosecutors say he was involved in weapons trafficking in violation of his probation .  u.s. officials say morgan made twitter postings in support of the isis terrorist grou .
 france to withdraw troops from afghanistan <sec> the french move follows a similar one by u.s. president barack obama .  he is pulling 33,000 troops out , leaving about 70,000 .  france could have all troops out by 2013 , the defense minister says .  david cameron says the british will have all combat troops out by 201 .
 west 's drought leads to rising prices , shrinking lakes <sec> california drought having ramifications beyond the state .  meat and produce prices are on the rise as a result .  mandatory and voluntary conservation water programs being implemented in west .  tourism businesses also are taking a hi .
 analysts : symbian and android will dominate by 2014 <sec> symbian and android will dominate mobile operating system market by 2014 , research firm says .  gartner expects two together will account for 59.8 percent of the total mobile os market .  its predictions do n't bode well for rim 's blackberry os and apple 's io .
 ebola : lessons we can learn from sars ( opinion ) <sec> sars killed 38 people in toronto ; dr. andrew simor says there were lessons learned .  he says staff learned to screen patients and to suit up with protective equipment .  the rules of good hand hygiene also become vital in dealing with disease , he say .
 murder , rape charges pending in shaniya davis case <sec> mario andrette mcneill will be charged with murder , rape , police say .  shaniya davis ' mother also has been charged in north carolina case .  the girl 's body was found about 30 miles from where she was reported missin .
 tributes to former cnn correspondent jerrold kessel <sec> cnn 's former jerusalem correspondent jerrold kessel dies from cancer .  he covered the oslo peace accords , yitzhak rabin 's assassination and the palestinian intifada .  cnn anchor jim clancy : he went out of his way to help others understand the context .  he is survived by his wife , son and four grandchildre .
 lewis overcomes family death to lift first major golf title <sec> stacy lewis wins first career title at the kraft nabisco championship in california .  the event is the first major on the women 's golfing calendar for 2011 .  the 26-year-old american overhauled world number one yani tseng of taiwan .  michelle wie finishes sixth for her first top-10 placing in a major since 200 .
 q & a : catching dope cheats at the london 2012 olympics <sec> artificial ways of enhancing performance is as old as organized sport itself .  dick pound : `` they say drugs can make 1 % of a difference , but 1 % is huge ! '' .  drug company glaxosmithkline has provided logistics for london 2012 screening .  first five finishers in every event are taken immediately to give mandatory test .
 pro-euro candidate leads finland presidential vote <sec> pro-euro candidates appear bound for february runoff .  green league 's haavisto edges euro-skeptic vayrynen in late returns .  the winner will replace finland 's first female presiden .
 china 's bo xilai under criminal investigation , state news reports <sec> report : bo xilai is under criminal investigation , prosecutors say .  bo is a former political star who was earlier stripped of legislative membership .  bo 's party cited him for influence peddling , bribery and womanizin .
 ghost towns and wild horses in world 's oldest desert <sec> today a ghost town , namibia 's kolmanskop was once a booming diamond village .  during its peak in the 1920s , it was home to about 340 europeans and 800 locals .  access to stretches of the namib , the world 's oldest desert , has been restricted for mining .  a population of feral horses has bred there for generations , becoming an icon of the nami .
 tiny darth vader wins fans <sec> a 6-year-old boy is winning fans after being revealed as the face behind the darth vader mask .  max page appeared in a super bowl commercial for volkswagen .  max `` channeled '' vader for the spot , but still has n't seen the movies , his mom say .
 toddler brain difference linked to autism <sec> study : the amygdala in toddlers with autism is 13 percent larger than unaffected kids .  size of brain area linked to ability to process faces as friend or foe .  autism is believed to affect as many as 1 in 150 children .  university of north carolina researchers hope findings result in earlier interventio .
 chilean fisherman faced tsunami to save others <sec> pedro munoz was camping on island in river when earthquake struck .  he made two trips in his boat to save at least 20 people .  `` he said , if he did n't make it , then that 's god 's will , '' widow say .
 madeleine albright bests conan o'brien on twitter <sec> o'brien tweeted about being `` slutty madeleine albright '' for halloween .  the ex-secretary of state responded with her own putdown .  albright warned the comedian not to battle a diploma .
 real madrid star ramos laughs off trophy blunder <sec> sergio ramos drops the copa del rey trophy under real madrid 's team bus .  spanish team had waited 18 years since last winning the tournament .  the cup 's manufacturer believes the trophy is probably a `` complete wreck '' .  jose mourinho is proud of his team after their 1-0 extra-time win over barcelon .
 the pros and cons of condi <sec> a drudge report exclusive has stoked speculation about condi rice as a potential vp pick .  rice would be a political two-fer as a african-american woman running mate .  rice 's support for abortion rights would by problematic for social conservatives .  rice herself has said fairly decisively that she is not interested in the jo .
 2 alaska volcanoes on alert as lava flows <sec> new : both volcanoes are historically very active , a usgs scientist says .  there 's `` eruptive activity '' at the pavlof volcano , an 8,261-foot summit linked to alaska mainland .  lava is flowing there as well as at the cleveland volcano , also part of the aleutian range .  watches are out for bot .
 10 fun tumblr blogs to follow <sec> on tumblr , the random and humorous win the day .  top blogs include pictures of kids crying for silly reasons , actresses with no teeth .  `` humans of new york '' is more poignant , creating a sort of photo census .  then there 's a coloring and activity book -- of rapper .
 world war ii code talker chester nez and history of navajo language <sec> simon moya-smith : the death of original code talker chester nez is a significant cultural loss .  nez attended boarding schools that discouraged the use of his navajo language .  author : native american elders say when a language dies , so does the culture .  without the use of the navajo language , the u.s. military could have lost a war , author say .
 officials : woman accused in slaying , baby 's abduction had recent miscarriage <sec> the suspect had a miscarriage and wanted a baby to show fiance , authorities say .  kala golden apparently was shot for her 3-day-old baby , an arrest report says .  the shooting occurs outside a pediatrician 's office in texas .  the mother is shot repeatedly and dies at the hospita .
 fabianski blunders see arsenal slip to defeat <sec> lucasz fabianski blunders led to both porto goals in their 2-1 home win over arsenal .  sol campbell scores arsenal 's equalizer before portuguese side score second after break .  bayern munich score controversial 2-1 home win over 10-man fiorentin .
 kevin ward jr. started young , loved to race <sec> kevin ward jr. finished second in his first race -- when he was 4 years old .  he had a lot of potential , director of racing series tells usa today .  four years ago , he was the rookie of the year in his circuit .  neighbors remember him as polite , a good gu .
 the most instagrammed places in 2013 <sec> bangkok luxury mall siam paragon was most instagrammed place in 2013 .  instagram app incredibly popular in thailand , partly due to celebrity use .  most instagrammed city in the world is new york , followed by bangkok and los angele .
 will potential faa cuts hurt fliers ? <sec> budget battle may result in slower air travel , higher fares .  faa cuts could lead to fewer controllers , security and customs officers , study says .  ex-faa chief : fear of the cuts is already having a chilling effec .
 amazon 's 'cloud ' browser raises privacy concerns <sec> amazon unveils web browser called silk .  at least for now , the browser works only on the new kindle fire tablet .  silk routes internet traffic through amazon 's cloud .  it claims faster performance , but it may also collect lots of user dat .
 bolivian forces find $ 2 million cocaine stash hidden in wine bottles <sec> police believe the cocaine is tied to an organization that shipped drugs to italy .  some of the cocaine was hidden inside wine bottles .  authorities say the stash was worth about $ 2 million .  a suspect allegedly tried to kill himself with a pocket knif .
 eugenie bouchard the belieber reaches australian semifinals <sec> eugenie bouchard reaches the semifinal of the australian open after beating ana ivanovic .  after the match , bouchard revealed her dream date would be fellow canadian justin bieber .  the 19-year-old will play china 's li na in the last four at melbourne par .
