 no magic bullet for keeping off the pounds <sec> matthew and amy shack have lost a combined 425 pounds .  amy shack had gastric bypass surgery , and she closely monitors her diet .  matthew shack struggles to keep the pounds off but has a plan in plac .
 2 more churches in malaysia firebombed in 'allah ' row <sec> sunday bombings bring total to six since friday .  violence erupted after court ruled that non-muslims can use word `` allah '' for god .  government and many malaysians believe word should be reserved for muslim .
 homemade submarines up the drug smuggling ante <sec> colombian traffickers using homemade submarines to transport drugs .  drug cartels allocating more resources to development of new smuggling methods .  vbs gets access to a naval base at the forefront of finding and intercepting the vessel .
 opinion : if you work hard , will you get into the one percent ? <sec> carol costello : those who succeed often emphasize the power of their hard work .  what is often left out is the role of luck in positioning people to achieve success .  she says having supportive parents and a good education makes a huge difference .  costello : higher college costs , tough job market make the odds tougher toda .
 newsquiz : week of april 9 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 caring for china 's 'left behind ' generation <sec> one in five chinese kids are `` left behind '' .  their parents are migrant workers who leave rural areas for the cities .  they struggle at school , have higher rates of mental health issues .
 how to comment on twitter without making enemies <sec> twitter is becoming a kind of online comment box , a place for fans to weigh in .  here are four ways you can drop a comment in the twitter box without making enemies .  when tweeting at brands , think about your end gam .
 nfl 's $ 45 million man helps skid row teen 's college dream <sec> nfl star nnamdi asomugha decides to help homeless teen after cnn report .  kenneth chancey , 17 , lived in homeless shelter , yet made all a 's and is class president .  asomugha will take chancey and 19 other inner-city kids on college tour in sprin .
 tikrit : iraq army relies on militia , and iran <sec> iraqi security forces ( isf ) received $ 20 billion of u.s. money between 2005 and 2012 .  iraq 's military is starting over -- for the second or third time in a decad .
 2 killed in small plane crash <sec> the plane had been diverted from winston-salem to greensboro .  residents of the home hit in nearby high point escaped without injurie .
 killer whale returns to seaworld show <sec> killer whale returns to seaworld show .  dawn brancheau was killed last year by tilikum , authorities say .  family says it prefers to concentrate on brancheau 's work with childre .
 why the drought affects me -- and you <sec> chris chinn 's farm has been badly affected by the drought .  she says the bill to feed her livestock is increasing fast because of crop losses .  chinn : the drought means taking on more debt and possibly selling off livestock .  the drought will change lives on farms and will raise food prices for all , she say .
 japan passes law banning possession of child pornography <sec> japan 's parliamentary upper house passes law to ban possession of child pornography .  production and distribution were already outlawed .  campaigners say the bill should have included sexually explicit anime and manga .  industry says a ban on comics would restrict freedom of expressio .
 alaskan volcano could erupt , disrupt international air travel <sec> mount cleveland is on the aleutian islands , southwest of mainland alaska .  a satellite recently detected `` eruptive activity '' and a lava dome there .  scientist : 90 % of air freight from asia to europe and north america flies over alaska air space .  eruptions of icelandic volcanoes forced the cancellations of thousands of flights in recent year .
 costa concordia captain boards stricken ship <sec> captain boards cruise liner two years after it crashed off italian coast .  francesco schettino went aboard vessel with expert team investigating accident .  schettino faces manslaughter charges after 32 people died in the 2012 shipwreck .  the wreckage of the cruise liner is now stabilized after a complex salvag .
 uganda seeks to ban female circumcision <sec> ugandan president wants to outlaw performing genital mutilation .  circumcision is symbol of female child 's maturity to womanhood in some cultures .  under ban , if girl dies during circumcision , cutter would face hanging .  museveni 's move to ban practice is in line with some other countries in afric .
 difficulties in 'remote corner of planet ' might hamper mh370 search <sec> satellite images give hope that mh370 debris may have been spotted .  remote part of indian ocean now focus of search .  weather and ocean depth might be stumbling blocks to search of are .
 looking back over china 's last 30 years <sec> china has undergone a radical makeover in the 30 years since deng 's reforms .  cnn 's jaime florcruz remembers china as being poor and isolated .  beijing has transformed from quiet neighborhoods to a city of skyscrapers .  deng disbanded communes , opened special economic zones , touted capitalis .
 mourners gather for funeral of london man whose death sparked riots <sec> new : hundreds of mourners attend the funeral in north london .  new : the son of a woman whose death sparked a 1985 riot says people mistrust the police .  duggan died after an incident involving armed police in north london .  a peaceful protest over his death two days later turned violent , sparking riot .
 vikings player charged with domestic assault <sec> vikings cornerback chris cook was arrested friday night .  he faces two charges of domestic assault .  details of the alleged incident were not immediately know .
 madagascar 's bid to save its majestic baobab trees <sec> six out of the eight species of the baobab tree are endemic to madagascar .  the island is home to a vast array of animal and plant life .  madagascar has lost 90 % of its forest to deforestation .  the government is trying to protect the forests by marking areas as national park .
 why gingrich 's immigration plan is unworkable <sec> david frum : newt gingrich 's plan does n't solve immigration problem .  by emphasizing border security , it neglects role of employers as magnet , he says .  holding individual hearings on 12 million illegal immigrants is unworkable , frum says .  frum : gingrich plan would hurt american workers whose wages are stagnatin .
 the hillary clinton scandal that wo n't stick ( opinion ) <sec> timothy stanley : hillary clinton 's use of personal email is a nonscandal .  he says a serious context is murky issue of benghazi ; less serious is political context .  jeb bush is using revelation to score points , stanley say .
 why stuart scott was a game changer <sec> lz granderson : stuart scott brought the sound of hip-hop to the sports anchoring world .  a personable interviewer and nimble reporter , scott fought cancer bravel .
 san antonio police arrest 'catch me if you can ' motorcyclist <sec> police say they caught the motorcyclist who posted `` catch me if you can '' video .  alberto rodriguez was wanted on several charges , police say .  the video shows a motorcyclist weaving through traffic at breakneck speed .
 obama , boehner meet about fiscal cliff and agree -- not to say much <sec> president obama and house speaker boehner meet at the white house .  their spokesmen issue identical statements about the first such talks in 23 days .  democrats and the gop have been sparring about efforts to avert the fiscal cliff .  sen. corker joins some republicans as open to hiking tax rates on the wealth .
 hong kong 's leader : street blockades can not continue <sec> new : hong kong 's leader cy leung says government open to talks .  tells press conference that tolerance of mass occupation was limited .  he said police had shown tolerance and restraint , despite accusations of excessive force .  asia 's richest man urges protesters to go hom .
 zakaria : falling oil prices and the year of america <sec> fareed zakaria : 2014 was year of china , 2015 might be america 's .  falling oil prices could make combative nations more cautious , he say .
 2 missing troops in afghanistan are americans <sec> new : isaf , u.s. military officials confirm the two missing troops are americans .  an afghan intelligence source says two americans have been seized in logar province .  nato 's command said the two troops went missing after they left a kabul compound .  a search is on for the service member .
 protests for kidnapped girls banned in nigerian capital <sec> demonstrations are banned in the capital city of abuja .  police are worried about `` dangerous elements '' joining the protests .  more than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped in northern nigeri .
 'dying trade ' revived in job creation effort <sec> sewing and cutting class draws job-seekers from various backgrounds .  class organized in response to minnesota businesses in need of skilled workforce .  `` dying trades are coming back to life , '' school rep says .  student : `` i want to be part of a movement that makes factory work cool and sexy .
 the world 's best architects named <sec> world building of the year 2014 went to the chapel , vietnam , designed by a21studio .  more asian firms competed than ever before , with several winning prizes .  the biggest event in the architecture calendar has taken place in singapore .  grand prize winners were announced in a glittering awards ceremon .
 tiny town that breeds olympic champions <sec> ethiopian long-distance runners have won 35 olympic medals in the last 20 years .  in the small ethiopian town of bekoji , coach sentayehu eshetu has discovered four gold champions .  his prodigies include star runners tirunesh dibaba and kenenisa bekel .
 borger : congressional democrats messing up on health care <sec> gloria borger : health care reform is always tough to accomplish .  borger says democrats are making it tougher by raising costs and taxes on rich .  she says obama needs to cut links to democrats ' unpopular ideas .  borger : people on both sides have to work together on the issu .
 indian police arrest journalist with ties to iran in bombing of israeli vehicle <sec> new : the man is being questioned by new delhi police .  the police have detained him as part of an investigation into a bombing last month .  a device attached to an israel embassy vehicle exploded , wounding several people .  israel has accused iran of being behind the attacks , a claim that tehran denie .
 official : 11 afghan civilians killed in nato-led strike <sec> the incident took place in khost province , an official says .  eight children and three women were killed .  demonstrators chanted `` death to the united states .
 'jersey shore ' star gets mtv talk show <sec> `` jersey shore 's '' vinny will star in a hybrid talk/reality series .  the program , called `` the show with vinny , '' will air on mtv .  `` the show '' will see vinny interview celebrity guests from his staten island hom .
 'just get out ! ' : guard hailed for moving resort guests before collapse <sec> new : the situation has n't changed noticeably since monday , an expert says .  new : many guests will be able to get belongings , some will not , a resort executive says .  a sinkhole caused a building at summer bay resort in florida to collapse sunday night .  the building was starting to fall apart as the evacuation began , a guard say .
 opinion : may day is for immigrants , too <sec> writers : on may day , we celebrate workers and press for fair , humane conditions .  they say immigration reform must include labor protections for all working in u.s . .  writers : employers exploit workers without papers , which affects whole labor market .  they say provisions like w visa give a path to citizenship and ability to work legall .
 sochi 2014 : russia to set up protest zones at winter olympics <sec> public protest zones will be set aside at the sochi 2014 winter olympics .  russia 's suitability to host the winter games has been questioned .  germany 's president joachim gauck will not be attending the games .  european union official viviane reding says she would not visit soch .
 new species discovered in south american jungle <sec> scientists believe 46 new species found in southwest suriname .  conservation international expedition was to remote jungle region .  fish , frogs and dozens of insects among new animals discovere .
 cnn student news - december 9 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 pirates may have captured couple , yacht <sec> european union forces may have spotted couple 's yacht off somalia .  yacht was towing two skiffs of type used by pirates .  british couple left seychelles for tanzania on october 21 .  yacht 's distress beacon activated october 2 .
 cnn student news transcript : april 26 , 2011 <sec> see how a basement stood up to a tornado that destroyed the house above it .  learn why the u.s. government is making a change to its terror alert system .  hear advice on overcoming obstacles from a young entertainer who 's done so .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 mexican state awash in recent violence <sec> michoacan , home state of president calderon , has become a flashpoint .  in latest violence in michoacan , bodies of 12 federal police officers found .  la familia michoacana has emerged as a powerful and deadly cartel .  more than 10,000 people have died in mexico since calderon has gone after cartel .
 unc athletics report finds 18 years of academic fraud <sec> report by investigator found advisers funneled athletes to `` paper classes '' .  3,100 students took those bogus classes , kenneth wainstein 's report finds .  the report found the practice more widespread than many first thought .  unc 's national championships could be on the lin .
 report : iran 'successfully ' fires missile capable of hitting targets 185 miles away <sec> iran 's defense minister says the latest fateh-110 missile launch is a success .  the `` fourth generation '' of the missile can travel 300 kilometers , state media reports .  a recent u.s. government report warned of iran 's improving missile progra .
 paladino defends comments , decries behavior at gay pride parade <sec> new york ag says he rejects opponent carl paladino 's advice on raising daughters .  gubernatorial candidate paladino denies being homophobic .  he says the behavior he saw at a gay pride parade was `` a terrible thing '' .  paladino on sunday said homosexuality is n't `` equally valid '' with heterosexualit .
 2 men bitten by sharks off florida coast <sec> the bites were within minutes of each other , authorities say .  neither man 's injuries are considered life-threatening , the sheriff 's office says .  florida has more shark bites than all other states combined , but few prove fata .
 casts announced for pixar 's 'finding dory , ' 'the good dinosaur , more <sec> pixar announced casting for several upcoming features .  eugene levy , diane keaton to be parents in `` finding dory '' .  `` inside out '' features comedians playing different emotion .
 iraq : parts of tikrit taken back from isis <sec> isis still has some fighters in tikrit ; joint forces are in clearing operations .  prime minister says that tikrit is back under government control .  government has its eyes on a bigger prize with the city of mosu .
 review : 'up ' leaves you on a high <sec> cnn.com 's tom charity : `` up '' is another winner from pixar .  film concerns the adventures of an old man and a young boy ... and a talking dog .  there are some unlikely moments , but warmth and richness always come throug .
 after election victory , arpaio says he wants to meet with latinos <sec> sheriff joe arpaio says he wants to talk with latinos , but it 's hard .  he says they scream and threaten him .  the 80-year-old sheriff says he does n't plan to change his policies toward immigrants .  justice department lawsuit accuses the sheriff of discriminating against latino .
 fbi counterterror chief 's worries about isis in u.s. - cnnpolitics.com <sec> fbi counterterror chief to cnn : terrorist threat is 'complicated ' .  michael steinbach says isis has recruited u.s. children as young as 15 .  steinbach : isis recruiting women 'more than we 've ever seen by a terrorist organization .
 death toll rises in cameroon flooding , which has displaced thousands <sec> more bodies discovered floating in cameroon flood waters .  nearly a month of heavy rain has destroyed homes and farms and killed livestock .  a dam fracture has caused a river to flood villages and is blamed for drowning .
 cannavaro to join squad despite controversy <sec> fabio cannavaro is to join the italian national squad on sunday to face cyprus .  cannavaro tested positive for cortisone after having treatment for an insect bite .  the 36-year-old juve defender has an allergy to insect bites which can be fatal .  defender was interviewed by italian olympic committee anti-doping prosecuto .
 house passes compromise $ 1.1 trillion budget for 2014 <sec> the appropriations bill now goes to the senate for consideration .  congressional approval would fund the government through september .  the measure reflects rare congressional compromise on the budget .  it rolls back forced spending cuts previously agreed to by congres .
 bodies found in oklahoma lake tied to decades-old mysteries ? <sec> diver describes searching the two vehicles .  one man , then 69 , went missing with sibling and friend in 1969 while in a 1953 chevy .  routine police training with sonar gear leads to macabre discovery at lake bottom .  one car contains bones and skull ; a second car also has bone .
 mh370 : two boys sue malaysia airlines over loss of dad <sec> two boys , ages 11 and 13 , lost their father aboard malaysia airlines flight 370 .  they are suing the airline and several government agencies .  flight 370 disappeared in march ; search teams are still looking for it in the indian ocea .
 army recalls 44,000 combat helmets <sec> brig . .  gen. peter n. fuller : advanced combat helmets did n't meet ballistics standards .  some helmets in afghanistan have already been turned in .  army has additional 55,000 helmets in storage ; total of 102,000 helmets to be recalled .  justice department told army about investigation into helmet maker armorsourc .
 the inventor behind cnn 's election 'magic wall ' <sec> a new york startup developed the technology behind cnn 's `` magic wall '' .  cnn 's john king uses the electronic wall map to explain election results .  the multi-touch-screen map can be manipulated by multiple fingers or users at once .  inventor jeff han 's inspiration for the device came from drinking a glass of wate .
 has argentine football reached crisis point ? <sec> argentina are currently hosting the copa america tournament .  the pressure is on the hosts to perform well in front of their home fans .  the tournament follows on from the shock relegation of top club river plat .
 cnn student news - march 14 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 emotional djokovic : my late grandfather is with me in spirit <sec> world no . .  1 novak djokovic beats robin haase to reach last four of monte carlo masters .  emotional djokovic speaks to press after his grandfather passed away on thursday .  serbian says grandfather vladimir was with him in spirit as he won his quarterfinal .  world no . .  2 rafael nadal also through to semifinals but andy murray knocked ou .
