 what 's really behind 'war on christmas ' <sec> tim stanley : it 's not christmas without `` war on christmas , '' a cooked up culture crisis .  this time , politics in mix , with white house , others using holidays to score points , he says .  he says `` war '' really reflects failure to reconcile different interests in democratic society .  stanley : battle is over what goes on in public sphere . .  one solution ? .  have sense of humo .
 opinion : why we should regulate sugar like alcohol <sec> researchers seeing similar effects from too much sugar and too much alcohol .  alcohol is simply the distillation of sugar , she says , and sugar should be taxed and regulated .  schmidt : we may be thinking about obesity and chronic disease in the wrong way .  she says tackling obesity and chronic disease will be hard , but concerned people can do plent .
 court sentences former israeli president to 7 years in prison <sec> moshe katsav pulls out of an earlier plea deal .  he is guilty on multiple charges of rape and sexual harassment .  he resigned the presidency in 2007 because of the sexual assault allegations .  the case involved three women -- two in the president 's office and one in the tourism ministr .
 israel , hamas blame each other for fighting , casualties <sec> palestinian official : israeli forces shelled a school wednesday , killing 20 .  1,242 people have died in gaza ; the un estimates at least 70 % are civilian .  `` hamas is responsible for all deaths , '' netanyahu 's spokesman tells cnn .  hamas says truce must include an end to israel 's blockade of gaz .
 malaysian court finds opposition leader anwar not guilty of sodomy <sec> new : anwar ibrahim says he is 'very optimistic ' about the opposition 's election hopes .  new : the government says the verdict shows the judiciary is independent .  new : three small explosions go off near the court buildings after the ruling .  new : two people suffer minor injuries and are taken to a hospita .
 olympic bolt : witness report of historic 100m <sec> men 's 100 meter sprint the most original , pure , spectacular olympic event .  reigning olympic champion usain bolt confirms his position as world 's fastest man .  jamaican covered the distance in 9.63 seconds , a new olympic record .  three other athletes ran under 9.8 seconds creating the fastest podium eve .
 at least 112 dead , more than 500 missing after indonesia quake <sec> new : relief organizations struggle to reach those in need .  new : president barack obama says u.s. stands ready to help .  witnesses report a nearly 20-foot-high wave in west sumatra .  some of the missing may have fled to higher groun .
 canada probes possible ebola case <sec> a health official says there is no risk to the general public .  the patient recently traveled from liberia .  an ebola outbreak in neighboring guinea has killed at least 59 peopl .
 nobel prize in chemistry for work that led to complex computing <sec> the advancements could help reduce the need for drug testing on animals .  chemists used to used balls and sticks to make models of molecules .  today , computer programs show detailed depictions and predict complex chemical reactions .  the work of the nobel winners led to the creation of these program .
 north chicago mayor suspends chief of police <sec> north chicago 's police chief is on paid administrative leave , the mayor says .  mayor orders investigation into six cases of alleged excessive use of force .  `` why did it take someone dying before someone finally did something ? '' .  attorney ask .
 unclear whether iran shot down drone , a u.s. official says <sec> iran says a `` spy drone '' invaded its airspace and was shot down .  isaf says operators lost control of a reconnaissance aircraft over afghanistan .  a u.s. official says it 's unclear whether the drone was shot down .  in july , iran made a similar claim , but later backtracke .
 zimbabwe musicians inspire through song <sec> liyana are a group of eight physically disabled musicians from zimbabwe .  their multi-city tour of the u.s. has included more than 20 performances .  the message of their songs is you can make it , whatever the circumstances .  their message of hope has been drowned out in zimbabwe , which is in crisi .
 dubai skyscraper symbol of s. korea 's global heights <sec> south korea companies such as samsung have become global brands .  the world 's largest private real estate development is in south korea .  the government 's new development plans focus on environmental technolog .
 montana family disputes singapore police probe into son 's death <sec> singapore police investigate engineer shane todd 's death as a suicide hanging .  but an independent forensic pathologist concludes homicide .  todd 's hard drive shows he worked on a project that may have led to his death , family says .  fbi will comply with singapore police 's request for help on u.s. soil , embassy say .
 jeb bush run in 2016 ? george w. bush calls it a toss-up <sec> george w. bush sees a 50-50 chance his brother jeb will run for president .  bush and other members of the family have been publicly encouraging a run .  bush 43 says it is worth it to put your family through a presidential campaig .
 mother of suspect in auburn slaying : 'i 'm sorry ' <sec> courtney larrell lockhart 's mother says she 's sorry for suffering of victim 's family .  `` i never thought courtney would do this , '' mother tells television station .  lockhart charged in tuesday slaying of auburn university freshman lauren burk .  lockhart is being held in the russell county jail , authorities sa .
 judge set to sentence barry bonds <sec> federal prosecutors want baseball legend to serve 15 months in prison .  defense lawyers request two years ' probation , a $ 4,000 fine and community service .  jurors found bonds guilty of obstruction of justice in april .  the courthouse is near the ballpark where bonds set a baseball recor .
 anti-abortion group releases new secretly recorded video - cnnpolitics.com <sec> most recent video focuses on phoenix family planning practice .  part owner of the facility says clinic follows all applicable laws .  live action has been accused of pushing a hardline anti-abortion agenda .  two other videos focused on clinics in new york and washingto .
 stars expose who makes them beautiful <sec> stars get attached to hairstylists , makeup artists they trust .  rachel weisz : `` in real life i 'm very unpolished '' .  hilary duff : sitting in rachel goodwin 's makeup chair is like therapy .  hairstylist renato campora gave kate bosworth her sleek bo .
 it takes a village to train for a triathlon <sec> when she joined fit nation , tabitha mcmahon imagined running , biking , swimming alone .  now , mcmahon runs and bikes with her husband , does strength training with her daughter .  she also has several coaches and mentors who have helped her along the wa .
 top football chiefs oppose sepp blatter 's u-turn over fifa presidency <sec> sepp blatter facing calls not to stand for re-election as fifa president .  uefa chiefs openly oppose his bid for a further term .  blatter 's current four-year term comes to an end in 2015 .  blatter set to state his intentions to fifa congress wednesda .
 hong kong holds world 's largest ivory burn <sec> hong kong burned one ton of the 28-ton stockpile of ivory the government has seized in the last few years .  the government crushed and incinerated elephant tusks .  it will take a year to destroy stock of confiscated ivory , according to government official .
 'accidental ' removed from natalie wood 's death certificate <sec> wood 's cause of death is now listed as `` drowning and other undetermined factors '' .  the 1981 death certificate concluded that the actress died from `` accidental drowning '' .  reopened last november , the case is still an active investigation , detective says .  wood drowned in the pacific ocean on november 29 , 198 .
 ukrainian boxer vitali klitschko to run for president <sec> `` i can not be intimidated or stopped , '' says `` dr. ironfist '' .  klitschko 's professional record is 47-2 .  he leads the ukrainian democratic alliance for refor .
 te'o story , big fail for sportswriters <sec> roxanne jones : sports reporters missed the big stories : te'o , sandusky , armstrong .  jones : sports journalists failed to do their job , which is to report , not just entertain fans .  jones : just routine fact-checking on the te'o story could have sniffed out falsehoods .  she says sports reporters must first be reporters , and remember public trust matter .
 selma blair : no hair or clothing fears <sec> actress selma blair wore huge prosthetic boobs for a john waters movie .  she 's gained at least 15 pounds for her role on `` kath and kim '' .  she considered botox but says she does n't have enough wrinkles for it yet .  blair experimented with three completely different looks in less than a yea .
 gadhafi forces retake rebel town , state tv claims <sec> new : foreign ministry denounces arab league 's call for no-fly zone , state tv says .  the opposition says its forces pulled out of al-brega in a `` tactical retreat '' .  the town is `` cleansed from criminal gangs and mercenaries , '' state tv says .  gadhafi 's forces have been fighting to regain towns from the oppositio .
 flood warnings issued for parts of tennessee <sec> heavy rain pounded middle tennessee overnight .  the national weather service issues flash flood warnings and flood warnings near the cumberland river .  floods come as some residents are still recovering from devastating may flood .
 european union to lift sanctions on cuba <sec> the decision was made over dinner during the first day of a summit in belgium .  diplomatic sanctions limited visits to cuba by senior eu personnel .  they were imposed due to concerns of human rights abuses .  u.s. trade sanctions on cuba is not affected by the eu 's mov .
 golden globes : tina fey and amy poehler 's best jokes <sec> tina fey and amy poehler hosted sunday 's golden globes .  it was their second time leading the awards ceremony .  the majority of cnn readers approved of their performance .  some of their best jokes were about the night 's big star .
 mosquito-borne virus chikungunya worries cdc <sec> north carolina reports first case of mosquito-borne virus called chikungunya .  chikungunya is primarily found in africa , east asia and the caribbean islands .  virus is not deadly , but it can be painful , with symptoms lasting for week .
 who 's the better translator : machines or humans ? <sec> facebook and google are finding new ways to translate the web .  facebook favors human translation ; google leans on its computers .  google claims to be the largest translation service online , with 51 languages .  facebook announces a new service to let internet users help translate site .
 marine jailed in mexico 'highly despondent , ' mom says <sec> andrew tahmooressi has spent six months in a tecate , mexico , prison on a gun charge .  the u.s. marine reservist has repeatedly said he entered mexico after taking wrong turn .  while some have expressed doubts about his story , lawyer says 911 call backs account .  his next hearing is september 29 , and there is a congressional hearing slated for octobe .
 purple hearts proposed for fort hood victims <sec> texas congressman to introduce bill to grant purple hearts for fort hood victims .  troops wounded in combat eligible for purple hearts .  fort hood massacre was a terrorist act , congressman says .  13 killed , dozens wounded in november 5 attac .
 dnc chairwoman : walker gave women 'the back of his hand ' <sec> dnc chairwoman said gov . .  scott walker `` has given women the back of his hand '' .  spokeswoman said she was `` by no means belittling '' pain of domestic abuse survivors .  lt. gov . .  rebecca kleefisch is `` shocked '' that schultz `` would use such outrageous language .
 zack brown 's potato salad kickstarter helps charity <sec> zack `` danger '' brown asked on kickstarter for $ 10 to make his first batch of potato salad .  on the first day , he got $ 200 -- way too much , he thought .  he ended up with more than $ 55,000 and decided to use it for a charity bash .  the campaign has made brown an overnight sensatio .
 guatemalan kingpin , wanted in u.s. , captured <sec> waldemar lorenzana is accused of trafficking drugs through guatemala .  he received the shipments from colombia and sent them to mexico , authorities say .  he was arrested tuesda .
 after texas police shooting , family asks , `` why ? '' <sec> a police officer shot and killed ruben garcia villalpando in a dallas suburb .  the case has drawn sharp criticism from mexico 's government , which calls for a federal investigation .  widow : `` i do not know now whether to believe in the authorities here or not .
 priest forgives suspect in confessional stabbing <sec> the rev . .  michael massaro was stabbed after hearing confessions .  police say his alleged attacker called massaro the antichrist .  massaro says he forgives the woman , who appears to be troubled .  knife 's blade missed vital organs by centimeter .
 official : u.s. temporarily holds up some military aid to egypt <sec> congressional office said the united states has halted military aid to egypt .  white house said some aid stopped , but it can not be turned on and off like a faucet .  obama spokesman said review of aid to egypt ongoing ; no decisions made on future assistance .  egypt has been embroiled in violence amid clashes between security forces and morsy supporter .
 ax attack on d.c. cop prompts warnings <sec> a d.c. police officer was attacked in his car with an ax friday , police say .  the officer was injured in the shoulder after a scuffle and the attacker got away .  when a similar attack happened in new york , nypd changed protoco .
 ntsb : identical aircraft landed 27 minutes behind fatal flight <sec> ntsb says pilot who traveled same route in identical plane reported `` moderate icing '' .  that plane landed safely in buffalo 27 minutes after fatal crash .  ntsb sending questionnaires to pilots who flew in area to gather data .  investigators recover , test pieces from deicing syste .
 usgs : 7.1-magnitude earthquake strikes off indonesia <sec> the usgs downgrades the quake 's strength to a 7.1-magnitude .  the tremor strikes over 150 kilometers off the coast of ternate , indonesia .  it struck at a depth of 35 kilometers , the usgs says .  the quake did n't produce a tsunami , though minor sea level fluctuations are possibl .
 nissan scanning vehicles for radioactive material <sec> a company official says the measures aim to `` reassure the public '' .  the monitoring for radioactive material started this week .  some nissan production remains suspende .
 5 tips for booking thanksgiving flights <sec> book your thanksgiving flights as soon as possible for best fares and seats .  travelocity : average domestic ticket will cost $ 376 , or about 4 % more than last thanksgiving .  consider flying on thanksgiving day and try to avoid a sunday return .  some extra fees may be worth paying to make the trip more comfortabl .
 checkbook journalism under fire as schapelle corby eyes big payday <sec> australian tv networks are chasing an interview with drug trafficker schapelle corby .  a tradition of checkbook journalism means she stands to earn a significant amount .  a host for the network tipped to secure the interview has publicly criticized any payment .  experts say any funds could be recovered by authorities under proceeds of crime law .
 michael bloomberg : universities becoming bastions of intolerance <sec> former mayor michael bloomberg blasts what he calls silencing of ideas .  bloomberg says liberals often silence voices `` deemed politically objectionable '' .  at harvard commencement , he also blasts impasse between republicans and democrat .
 uc berkeley students : drop bill maher from commencement <sec> berkeley students post petition to remove bill maher as commencement speaker .  change.org petition says maher 's statements on religions and cultures are offensive .  petition had more than 2,200 signatures as of tuesday mornin .
 former policeman named suspect in dallas shootings <sec> new : former utah state police officer named a suspect some of monday 's shootings .  new : police : suspect tried to kill himself , was hospitalized in serious condition .  two drivers were shot and killed , another wounded in dallas rush hour monda .
 coup leader names himself guinea president <sec> new : capt . .  moussa dadis camara named de facto president of guinea .  coup leaders impose overnight curfew ; government , constitution suspended .  president lansana conte died monday after near 25-year rule .  coup condemned by african unio .
 newtown marks anniversary of school killings <sec> new : president obama remembers newtown .  one year ago , adam lanza killed 20 young children , 6 adults .  no motive has been uncovered for lanza 's actions .  town leaders have asked the media to respect town 's privac .
 u.n. warns on mutant strain of bird flu virus <sec> u.n. warns of possible resurgence of the deadly avian flu virus .  mutant strain of h5n1 virus has appeared in vietnam and china .  variant strain can apparently bypass the defenses of existing vaccines .  circulation of the virus in vietnam threatens thailand , malaysia , cambodi .
 beleaguered president offers vote on new constitution in yemen <sec> the offer would bring a parliamentary form of government to yemen .  a new constitution would be approved by a referendum .  the opposition says saleh 's offer is too little , too late .  anti-government demonstrations are unfolding across the natio .
 bin laden message : stop 'aggression ' against gaza <sec> white house says web message shows bin laden 's isolation .  message says global economic crisis is reducing u.s. power in the world .  audio message posted on radical islamist web urges jihad in gaza 's defense .  speaker 's voice was similar to recordings that bin laden has made in the pas .
 warren finds 2014 's silver lining for democrats <sec> elizabeth warren spoke at the center for american progress `` making progress '' conference .  warren argued that democratic policies won in 2014 even if democrats themselves did n't .  warren is considered a major figure in the liberal wing of her part .
 travelers to china risk 'random ' quarantine <sec> travelers to china with flu-like symptoms could face 7-day quarantine .  chinese government officials try to control spread of h1n1 virus .  new orleans , louisiana , mayor ray nagin recently quarantined on china tri .
 clancy on flight 370 : never had a story with 'so few facts ' <sec> cnn anchor jim clancy is a veteran international journalist .  he says it 's hard to `` think of a story that 's more baffling '' than the plane 's disappearance .  clancy expected it would be resolved in 72 hours .  four weeks later , the plane 's vanishing remains a myster .
 must one lose a job over infidelity ? <sec> larry flynt : why should it surprise anyone that adultery is commonplace ? .  laura kipnis : there 's always a certain satisfaction in exposing the powerful .  william doyle : it 's not surprising that he was brought down by a chain of e-mails .  noel m. tichy , chris derose : petraeus had to resign because he showed poor judgmen .
 with gilad shalit 's return , a sign of hope <sec> gilad shalit , the israeli soldier held captive by hamas since 2006 , is being freed .  the prisoner exchange is a sign of hope , says ronald w. zweig .  the egyptians have played a major role as intermediaries , zweig says .  israel 's release of 1,000 palestinian prisoners may help lead to peace , he say .
 how to determine your car 's worth <sec> expert for kelley blue book explains how to evaluate your car 's worth .  people often fool themselves about the condition of the car , expert says .  appearance is one of your car 's best selling points so make sure to wash it .  resale values based on actual/perceived resale value or simply deman .
 mining giant rio tinto to cut 14,000 staff <sec> rio tinto announces cuts , citing worsening demand conditions .  bhp withdrew from planned buyout last month .  layoffs would save $ 1.2 billion a year but cost $ 400 million in severance package .
 amanda bynes in trouble , again <sec> bynes has had numerous run-ins with the law in recent years .  police say she threw a bong out the window of her apartment .  bynes is charged with a felony tampering with physical evidence .  her representatives have not responded to cnn 's request for commen .
 chinese city weighs one-dog policy <sec> the rules would limit households to owning one dog because of limited living space .  the proposed law requires owners to neuter their dogs or put their puppies up for adoption .  government statistics show 18.9 million people and 800,000 pet dogs living in shangha .
 study : largest ever asteroid impact found in australia <sec> two pieces of asteroid crashed into australia many millions of years ago .  researchers stumble across traces of the impact zone deep in the earth 's crus .
