 congo rebels declare cease-fire to prevent panic <sec> new : u.n. says rebel troops to adhere to cease-fire .  45,000 flee refugee camp in matter of hours .  u.n. says its peacekeepers still in charge of goma .  congo says rwandan forces join fight with minority tutsi rebel .
 inventor of the tv remote dies <sec> eugene polley , inventor of the wireless tv remote , dies at 96 .  polley worked for zenith when he created the `` flash-matic '' remote .  `` it used a flashlight-like device to activate photocells on the television , '' zenith say .
 comet ison sweeps near sun , shows signs of life <sec> comet ison -- or at least part of it -- may have survived , experts say .  earlier reports indicated ison disintegrated .  the fate of the comet remains uncertain .  it was making its closest approach to su .
 investors want in on china 's tech scene <sec> 36kr , a website started by 26-year-old entrepreneur liu chengcheng , connects new start-ups with investors .  so far this year , the site has connected over a hundred start-ups with investors and the company itself is estimated to be worth $ 100 million us dollars .  with information on over 70 thousand start-ups , 36kr is now the industry 's largest database in china covering the tech scen .
 business owners fear toll as l.a. drivers steer clear of 'carmaggedon ' <sec> the weekend closure of the popular interstate 405 is dubbed the `` carmageddon '' .  one business is also closing for the weekend , too .  but a sportswear shop is remaining open with a `` 405 '' sal .
 13 die in gunfights with police in mexico <sec> federal police killed five in a suspicious convoy in the state of michoacan .  in the town of apatzingan , a group of residents took fire , and police returned fire .  eight died when the same group , marching in a ceremonial parade , came under fire agai .
 airport worker warned over body scanner 'harassment ' <sec> employee made lewd remark about female colleague in body scanner .  critics of full body scanners say they are an abuse of privacy rights .  police issued harassment warning over incident at heathrow airport .  scanners introduced in aftermath of dec. 25 attempt to blow up airline .
 ad-skipping dvr prompts fight for the future of tv <sec> a new dish network tool would let viewers skip commercials .  the company rolled out the dvr tool , ad hop , earlier this month .  fox , nbc and cbs have filed suit , saying it violates copyright .  dish says viewers have always skipped commercials in some wa .
 back on tv , fidel castro sticks to familiar themes <sec> new : fidel castro accuses u.s. of wanting to replace nukes with super conventional weapons .  new : `` nothing remains , '' he says of such a weapons strike . .  `` everything disappears . '' .  new : castro warns against nuclear war in the middle east .  his talk follows attendance at a dolphin sho .
 detroit , bankruptcy , and how to save a city ( opinion ) <sec> rip rapson : detroit exited bankruptcy this week , saved pensions , city 's art collection .  he says 'grand bargain ' bonded varied stakeholders committed to detroit 's future .  plan prioritized workers , arts , civic life to health of city , but still challenges , he says .  rapson : other cities should learn to draw communities together , think outside bo .
 federer takes the first step to a u.s. open record <sec> roger federer wins his opening match to begin bid for a record sixth title .  olympic gold medal winner andy murray also wins through to next round at u.s. open .  rain delays play in new york for two hours before murray can finish his match .  unseeded jack sock gets a second-round place after florian mayer retires hurt in third se .
 war with isis : what does victory look like ? ( opinion ) <sec> andrew liepman , philip mudd : ideology-driven adversaries are hard to eliminate .  liepman , mudd : our confrontation with al qaeda offers strategies on fighting isis .  they say we need an achievable definition of victory , such as confining isis gains .  liepman , mudd : fight against isis will take patience and careful intelligence wor .
 ohio town , students grieve after 1 killed , 4 hurt in high school shooting <sec> new : flags will be at half-staff at the ohio statehouse and in geauga county , the governor says .  witnesses say student t.j. lane walked up to a table and started firing .  he was then chased out by a teacher and arrested , witnesses and authorities say .  a friend says that lane seemed like `` a very normal , just teenage boy .
 time to close hiv 's racial disparities ( opinion ) <sec> saturday is national black hiv/aids awareness day in the united states .  greg millett : african americans account for nearly half of all new hiv infections each yea .
 u.s. accuses syrian regime of 'targeted ' attack on popular cartoonist <sec> ali farzat is a popular syrian political cartoonist .  he was abducted and beaten after a cartoon depicting syria 's bashar al-assad .  the u.s. state department blames the al-assad regime for a `` targeted , brutal attack '' .  farzat 's supporters circulated a photo of the hospitalized cartoonist on the interne .
 save wildlife from trafficking <sec> carter roberts : wildlife trade a growing global criminal enterprise poorly addressed .  it 's an environmental problem and world crime issue , destroys nations ' natural wealth .  he says rebel militias , organized crime use funds from illicit wildlife trade ; rangers outgunned .  roberts : governments must use technology , enforcement to stem supply and deman .
 5 things we learned from 175 pages of healthcare.gov records <sec> 175 pages of internal documents show troubleshooting problems with healthcare.gov website .  a core group of contractors was tasked to quickly identify and fix problems .  issues range from problems passing data to insurance companies to confusion over married couple .
 aubrey plaza dodges questions about mtv awards 'incident ' <sec> plaza offers no apology , confession or explanation .  the actress interrupted will ferrell 's comedic genius award acceptance .  plaza is promoting her new comedy , `` the to do list '' .  mtv officially denies it was staged , insisting plaza was expelled from the audienc .
 exploring australia 's 'wild west ' coast <sec> the isaf world championships will be held in western australia this month .  perth 2011 is the principle qualifier for the london 2012 olympic games .  western australia averages less than one person per square kilometer .  the remoteness and beauty of the coastline makes it a must for traveler .
 obama : europe should stress financial integration <sec> obama encourages framework for `` european integration '' .  international monetary fund receives additional money .  u.s. encouraged by progress in addressing european crisis .  summit looking at the eurozone crisis and how to boost global economic growt .
 feds have launched criminal oil spill investigation , ag says <sec> new : attorney general eric holder says enough evidence existed to start a criminal investigation .  new : senator lauds criminal investigation launched by department of justice .  doj looking into potential violations of clean water act , oil pollution act of 1990 and other laws .  holder visits gulf coast on tuesday to survey bp oil spil .
 pelosi picks lujan to helm dccc <sec> new mexico rep. ben ray lujan is the next chair of the democratic congressional campaign committee .  lujan replaces rep. steve israel , who helmed the party 's campaign efforts in 2012 and 2014 .  lujan is a 42-year-old new mexico democrat entering his fourth ter .
 father of burned boy : 'anything for youssif ' <sec> parents beam with pride , ca n't stop from smiling from outpouring of support .  mom : `` i was so happy i did n't know what to do '' .  burn center in u.s. has offered to provide treatment for reconstructive surgeries .  dad says , `` anything for youssif .
 u.s. to stop using strike aircraft as fighting in libya rages on <sec> injured misrata resident : `` there 's so much death there '' .  greek foreign minister : `` it is clear that the ( libyan ) administration is looking for a solution '' .  a turkish hospital ship picks up 300 injured rebel fighters from misrata .  an opposition fighter says the city is cut off from electricity , food and wate .
 footballer colin kazim-richards found guilty over homophobic gesture <sec> colin kazim-richards found guilty of making homophobic gesture .  former turkey international ordered to pay fine and costs .  court witness says footballer 's gestures `` were insulting '' .  striker had denied the charg .
 amla double ton puts proteas in charge <sec> hashim amla compiles his first double century as south africa declare on 558-6 in nagpur .  hosts india reach 25-0 at stumps on the second day of the opening test of the series .  amla extends third-wicket partnership to 340 with jacques kallis , who falls for 173 .  he then adds 108 with a.b . .  de villiers and 78 with mark boucher , being unbeaten on 25 .
 france to send battalion to afghanistan <sec> french move will help nato meet canada 's kandahar commitment .  canada agreed to extend commitment as long as other nato members helped .  the bulk of recent fighting has been done by u.s. , canadian , uk and dutch troop .
 casey anthony arrested again in theft case <sec> mother of missing 3-year-old caylee anthony charged with theft .  arrest is her second relating to alleged theft from friend .  authorities : casey anthony waited nearly a month before she reported girl missing .  casey anthony is `` person of interest '' in disappearance , authorities sa .
 i want that one moment back please <sec> grandmother wanted to talk about dances , boys , silvery blue dress .  but lisa kogan had a party to got to and ran out the door .  now she wants that chilly october evening back to talk with her grandmother .  so when daughter wants to talk funny stuff , lisa knows enough to liste .
 dallas cowboys owner jerry jones accused of sex assault <sec> jana weckerly filed a lawsuit against jerry jones seeking more than $ 1 million .  she claims the dallas cowboys owner touched her genitals .  cowboys attorney : this is an attempt to embarrass and extort jerry jones .  he says law enforcement involved `` due to the seriousness of these baseless allegations .
 bobby vee 's bravest song <sec> bob greene says 60 's pop star bobby vee is suffering from alzheimer 's .  he says since diagnosis , vee has tried to spend good time with friends , family .  in letter to friends , fans , he writes movingly about his new priorities as his memory fails .  greene : any of us could get alzheimer 's . .  vee 's grace in handling his is inspirationa .
 families angrily confront officials over south korea ferry search <sec> officials think they found the body of a boy who called in the emergency .  death toll rises to 181 in south korean ferry disaster .  criminal investigation widens to include ferry owner , reclusive millionaire .  school resumes for some at high school where many students attende .
 what we found at the mh17 crash site <sec> new : a cnn team visits the crash site , where wreckage sits in tomb-like silence .  ukraine says `` terrorists '' have laid landmines near crash site .  dutch researchers decide that it 's still not safe to visit site .  eu official : some of the individuals affected by sanctions are putin `` cronies .
 sufi group backs more african union troops in somalia <sec> group favors african union deploying more troops in somalia .  ahlu sunna wal jama rallies in capital of mogadishu .  al-shabaab follows strict islamic rules , has ties to al qaed .
 police : 7 found dead in texas apartment <sec> new : the victims apparently were opening christmas gifts , police say .  police believe one of the seven is the shooter .  all the victims had gunshot wounds , police sa .
 norio ohga , former sony president and chairman , dies <sec> ohga is credited with helping to develop the compact disc .  he led the company 's growth in music , games and movies .  ohga died of multiple organ failure at 8 .
 jury spares nichols a death sentence <sec> jury split 9-3 in favor of death , but decision must be unanimous .  judge will sentence him to life with or without parole saturday .  brian nichols faced death penalty for killing four people in 2005 shooting rampag .
 federer survives marathon to keep gold dream alive <sec> roger federer beats juan martin del potro in longest olympic tennis match .  swiss star wins deciding set 19-17 after four hours 26 minutes .  home hope andy murray beats novak djokovic in second semifinal .  serena williams faces maria sharapova in women 's fina .
 the best cities in the world to live in <sec> survey : vienna , zurich and auckland have the highest quality of living .  luxembourg city scores highest in personal safety .  baghdad ranks last out of 221 cities for both quality of living and personal safety .  honolulu , san francisco and boston are the top-ranked u.s. cities for quality of livin .
 actually , mitt , even a lot of white voters did n't want you <sec> roland martin : mitt romney is largely blaming minorities for his loss to president obama .  in a talk with donors , romney said obama showered minorities and young voters with `` gifts '' .  exit polls say 72 % of all u.s. voters were white , and romney received 59 % of their votes .  martin : america should be thankful minorities and young rejected romney 's `` nonsense .
 in 'uncharted ' games , story adapts to big action scenes <sec> sony 's `` uncharted 3 : drake 's deception '' for playstation 3 hits stores on tuesday .  the previous two games sold a combined 8 million copies .  game 's developers say the creation process starts with a big action scen .
 apartheid photographer 'sick of taking pictures of dead people ' <sec> photographer peter magubane chronicled the cruelties of apartheid .  the south african photojournalist was imprisoned for his work by the oppressive regime .  magubane has exhibited around the world and published 17 book .
 priest stabbed to death in mexico church , police say <sec> new : no motive was immediately given .  new : another priest in the same state was abducted in june .  the slain priest was found in the church office with bound hands and feet .  the rev . .  carlos salvador wotto had been the parish priest for eight year .
 mark madoff death ruled a suicide , officials say <sec> mark madoff 's death is ruled a suicide .  his attorney says madoff was `` an innocent victim of his father 's monstrous crime '' .  his mother is `` heartbroken , '' her attorney says .  a person familiar with the madoffs says mark madoff had fallen out of touch with his famil .
 isis announces new currency <sec> an expert describes isis as the world 's wealthiest terrorist organization .  the currency will include seven coins : two gold , three silver and two copper , according to isis .  the group says its aim is to stay away from the `` tyrant 's financial system '' .  isis has seized large swaths of territory in iraq and syri .
 gazprom cuts off ukraine 's gas supply <sec> russia 's energy monopoly gazprom cuts off gas supplies to ukraine .  company says ukraine owes it about $ 2 billion for past natural gas deliveries .  gazprom says supplies to other european customers wo n't be affected .  gazprom cut supplies on january 1 , 2006 , but turned supply back on a day late .
 blogging begins turnaround for homeless woman <sec> 24-year-old went from being executive assistant to homelessness after layoff .  karp lived in walmart parking lot , and her blog started grabbing attention .  elle columnist : `` i 'm excited for her future '' .  karp hopes blog will educate people about homelessnes .
 fifa own-goal ? why women were n't good enough for world cup report <sec> female candidates not considered for lead investigative role .  michael garcia handed in his report last month .  garcia not on original list of nominees .  calls on fifa to make report made publi .
 defense attorney in ga. baby shooting case speaks out <sec> kevin gough represents teenage suspect de'marquise elkins .  he says police have selectively disclosed evidence .  he says no gunshot residue was found on his client .  the 13-month-old was shot in the face in marc .
 spain reach euro 2012 final after shootout <sec> spain become only second team to reach three successive major tournament finals .  cesc fabregas scores winning spot-kick as spain beat portugal 4-2 on penalties .  portugal striker cristiano ronaldo not involved in crucial shootout .  spain face germany or italy in sunday 's euro 2012 fina .
 uk group tied to young 'jihadi john ' loses funding <sec> uk charity commission takes `` robust action '' against muslim advocacy group cage .  two charities under commission 's regulation no longer fund cage .  commission cites unspecified public remarks made by cas .
 fabregas laments arsenal 's 'impotence ' <sec> cesc fabregas has lamented arsenal 's `` impotence '' over recent years .  the midfielder signed an eight-year contract with the gunners in 2006 .  `` family would support a move to real '' player tells the sun newspaper .  arsenal have not won the english premier league title since 200 .
 unbeaten djokovic on course for fifth title <sec> djokovic to appear in final of serbian open after opponent janko tipsarevic withdraws .  australian open champion has an unblemished record in 2011 .  the 23-year-old will face spain 's feliciano lopez in fina .
 north korea fires 2 missiles into sea , south korea says <sec> north korea has fired two missiles into the sea , believed to be scud-c .  the launch comes as the united states and south korea begin joint military drills .  the annual exercises have long sparked tension .
 in china , same activists fight for 'gay marriage ' <sec> wu yebin and an wei live in rural china where homosexuality remains largely taboo .  they dream of seeing same-sex marriage becoming legal in china one day .  homosexuality not illegal in china , long-removed from official list of `` mental disorders '' .  activists and experts agree that prejudices and discrimination persis .
 tests show 'possible ' salmonella at texas plant <sec> new : officials : lab tests of sample products from the plant were taken .  plainview peanut co. in texas has suspended operations , the company says .  the texas company is a subsidiary of the peanut corp. of america .  peanut corp. under investigation for shipping tainted products that sickened 60 .
 how carolina herrera turned being chic into big business <sec> i like to be classic with a modern twist , says fashion designer .  the key to building a successful brand is separating creative and business sides .  style is something different in everyone , herrera say .
 israel to limit use of white phosphorus in conflicts <sec> white phosphorus is used to create smoke screen for troops .  the element burns when exposed to oxygen and creates an intense burn when it touches the skin .  in promising to limit use of white phosphorus , israel admitted no wrongdoin .
 one-day strike at lufthansa to affect schedules for days <sec> about 1,000 of lufthansa 's usual 1,800 flights to fly tuesday .  union , airline : getting back to normal will take time .  both sides in pilots strike against lufthansa agree to suspend standoff .  union : strike focuses on pay , conditions . .  company : union interfering in managemen .
 tsa stands by knife decision <sec> opposition still heated a week after a rule was announced to allow knives in airplane cabins .  a 9/11 widow said allowing knives makes accessing weapons `` easy '' .  delta ceo sees little benefit to a change that poses `` additional risk '' to staff and passengers .  supporters say allowing knives will give screeners more time to address larger threat .
 fbi : violent crime dropped in 2008 , preliminary data show <sec> preliminary data : u.s. violent crime in 2008 dropped 2.5 percent from 2007 .  murders declined 4.4 percent but rose in towns of fewer than 10,000 people .  drop in violent crime would be third consecutive year-to-year decline .  violent crime in the u.s. has largely been declining over the past two decade .
 fifteen-year-old ko shoots ten-under round at australian women 's open <sec> fifteen-year-old lydia ko fires an opening round of 63 to lead australian women 's open .  kiwi leads the tournament after carding 11 birdies and one eagle in her round on thursday .  ko eclipses playing partners world no . .  1 yani tseng and american michelle wi .
 justin timberlake responds to 'take back the night ' controversy <sec> `` take back the night '' is trademarked by a sexual assault awareness foundation .  timberlake says his song and the lyrics have no connection to the foundation .  the singer has been threatened with legal actio .
 mueller : even without rice video , nfl should 've probed <sec> report says league might have seen in-elevator video if it had done better investigation .  rice 's lawyer was given copies of the damning video in april , told ravens about it .  former fbi director calls for new special nfl team to investigate assault case .
