 driver dies after suspected dutch royal attack <sec> incident happened during the netherlands annual queen 's day celebration .  car hit crowd near open-top bus carrying queen beatrix of netherlands .  police : no other clues that could lead to the involvement of other people .  police : there was no one other than the driver in the car at the tim .
 official : u.s. will not renew iraq contract with blackwater <sec> contract expires in may and wo n't be renewed , state department says .  decision comes after security contractor loses right to operate in iraq .  five ex-blackwater guards pleaded not guilty to charges related to 2007 shooting .
 gunmen seize cargo ship off somalia <sec> japanese ship carrying 23 crew , including five south koreans and 18 filipinos .  ship carrying chemicals seized saturday 96 miles east of somalia 's aden port .  condition of crew not immediately known ; somalia is the world 's top piracy hotspot .  s. korea considering sending navy ships to waters off somalia to fight pirac .
 state of the union firsts <sec> obama is only african-american to address joint session or joint meeting of congress .  the first high-definition tv broadcast of the state of the union was in 2004 .  first televised state of the union was harry truman 's 1947 address .  george washington 's 1790 address is believed to have lasted less than 10 minute .
 review : matlin 's 'scream ' is sometimes painful <sec> marlee matlin 's memoir `` i 'll scream later '' says plenty about william hurt .  book more muddied when it comes to why she wants to scream .  for a ramble , it is n't bad , but ew gives it a c-plu .
 indian activists to follow on twitter on independence day <sec> india marks independence day on august 15 .  66 years since independence from british rul .
 thousands of christians flee iraq city <sec> more than 1,400 christian families displaced .  families reportedly frightened by killings and threats by muslim extremists .  extremists ordering them to convert to islam , officials say .  fourteen christians have been slain in the past two weeks in mosu .
 hamptons beach tops best beaches list <sec> coopers beach in southampton , new york , tops the 2010 best beaches list .  the list is compiled by a coastal researcher at florida international university .  second and third spots go to beaches in sarasota , florida , and san diego , californi .
 for democrats , gun politics are bad politics <sec> bloomberg : `` we have a right to hear '' from obama and romney on guns .  ex-congressional aide : `` for many democrats , it 's smart politics '' not to join gun debate .  the democratic-led senate has n't voted on any gun legislation in three years .  white house race could be decided in states where nra has influence over swing voter .
 muslim kosher grocery worker to be french citizen <sec> lassana bathily will become a french citizen next week , government says .  the muslim hid customers of a paris kosher market in a walk-in freezer .  his actions spurred adoring headlines in france , petitions to have him honore .
 affirmative action ban heads for ballot in 5 states <sec> initiative pushed in arizona , colorado , missouri , nebraska , oklahoma .  it would ban affirmative action in government-funded projects , public schools .  initiative has already passed in california , michigan and washingto .
 will we care about internet privacy in 20 years ? <sec> sharing personal information online has become the norm .  editor of `` wired '' david rowan thinks privacy has become a `` 20th century idea '' .  experts worried we do n't know implications of how our data is being used onlin .
 scramble for 'dot africa ' internet domain name <sec> a number of groups are vying for the right to operate the `` .africa '' internet domain .  there is strong demand for a pan-african online identity , says one .  it says individual country suffixes , or cctlds , have proven unpopular in afric .
 canadian warship to protect food from pirates off somalia <sec> canada to send 440-foot frigate to help aid reach ports safely .  mission must be authorized by somalia 's transitional government .  80 percent of u.n. 's food aid to somalia sent by ship .  heavily armed pirates frequently hijack cargo ships off horn of afric .
 supreme court begins debating sweeping health care law <sec> new poll shows the public is divided on the health care issue .  `` rule this thing unconstitutional , '' says a gop opponent of the law .  the supreme court should let voters decide , says a democratic supporter .  the supreme court is poised to offer the final word on the constitutionality of health refor .
 angelina jolie asks thai government to aid refugees <sec> angelina jolie calls on thai leaders to grant more freedom to refugees .  thousands of refugees are stuck in camps after fleeing myanmar .  jolie is currently goodwill ambassador for u.n. high commissioner for refugee .
 cyber criminals target travelers <sec> fbi has warned travelers that hackers are targeting their data via hotel wi-fi .  i.t . .  experts say the risk of data loss is much higher when traveling .  public wi-fi in airports , conference centers and other public places is also risky .  data loss also commonly occurs through lost laptops and 'shoulder surfing .
 chris christie on traffic scandal : 'the answer is still the same ' <sec> new : fort lee mayor : `` i take it him at his word but it would appear ... a lot of folks do n't '' .  christie sticks to story that he first heard about lane closures from media reports .  governor again says he was told initially the traffic mess was part of a traffic study .  cnn poll shows christie support in potential presidential race slide .
 kosovo militia may have stolen prisoners ' organs , report alleges <sec> new : kosovo 's acting president calls the allegations `` fabricated and irresponsible '' .  the report cites evidence that organs were removed from prisoners for transplant abroad .  ex-kosovo liberation army figures are still involved in criminal activity , the report says .  kosovo calls the council of europe report false and libelou .
 actor dimitri diatchenko accused of eating ex 's rabbit <sec> prosecutors : dimitri diatchenko killed ex-girlfriend 's pet rabbit and ate half of it .  he then is alleged to have threatened to do the same to her .  it happened after his ex told him they should n't be roommates anymore , authorities say .  he faces charges of cruelty to an animal with a use of knife allegation and criminal threat .
 50 years after independence , what are your hopes for africa ? <sec> this year 17 african nations are marking the 50th anniversary of their independence .  cnn asked individuals from these countries to share their thoughts on their homelands .  click on the video wall to see what people had to say .  do you have a story about african independence to share ? .  share it on cnn irepor .
 milwaukee car shooting suspect kills self , police say <sec> ricky ricardo chiles iii was suspected in the shooting deaths of two people .  police say the chain of events started sunday when a 2-year-old dashed out in front a vehicle and was killed .  the driver of the vehicle and the boy 's older brother died from gunshot .
 workers rescued from high above new york streets <sec> the two workers were performing maintenance on the hearst tower in new york .  the scaffolding they were on buckled in the middle .  they were rescued after firefighters cut a hole in the glass window near them .  `` all this for us ? '' .  one quipped to a paramedi .
 'wet hot american summer ' to become netflix series <sec> `` wet hot american summer : first day of camp '' will debut on netflix this summer .  original cast members are set to return for the limited-edition reboot .  `` wet hot american summer '' was released in 200 .
 'black swans ' : pandemic , solar storms and a democratic china <sec> a report predicts that china will surpass the u.s. economy by 2030 .  despite a weaker economy , the u.s. will probably remain `` first among equals , '' the report says .  the report lists `` black swans , '' unpredictable events that might upend predictions .  one `` black swan '' event suggests u.s. disengagement could cause global anarch .
 feds search office of florida doctor known as donor to sen. menendez <sec> federal agents raid florida clinic of dr. salomon melgen for the second time .  they do n't say why , but melgen is being probed for medicare and medicaid billing practices .  he 's also been a donor to sen. robert menendez , who questioned an audit into melgen .  menendez flew on melgen 's plane , paid him back after the fac .
 allow yahoo workers to work at home <sec> yahoo ceo marissa mayer told employees that they must work in the office or quit .  ellen ernst kossek : mandating face time will not automatically lead to creativity , productivity .  she says yahoo happens to be a case of telework gone horribly wrong .  kossek : if a company implements telework in the right way , everyone benefit .
 cnn student news - december 16 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 vietnam vet owes his life to another 's moment of bravery <sec> richard etchberger lost his life in 1968 saving fellow airmen , including john daniel .  etchberger was posthumously awarded the medal of honor today for his bravery .  daniel , 71 , has three grown kids , 13 , grandkids and a great-grandchild .  he says etchberger 's `` presence is in my life every day .
 ice agent killed in shootout at california federal building <sec> ice director john morton is headed to long beach , california .  the federal building has reopened to the public .  fbi official says it looks like an isolated incident .  `` the situation began ... as an incidence of workplace violence , '' fbi official say .
 magnitude-5.1 earthquake rattles los angeles area <sec> a magnitude-4.1 quake rattles the los angeles area saturday afternoon , usgs says .  no damage or significant injuries found in affected areas , authorities say .  a series of aftershocks follow after the quake .  `` earthquake is the second in two weeks , '' los angeles mayor say .
 facebook birthday invite leads to mayhem in dutch town , authorities say <sec> video of the incident showed rioters hurling glass bottles and other debris at police .  haren is located about 115 miles northeast of amsterdam and is home to some 20,000 residents .  at least 36 people were injured , including one police officer .  prosecutors say 34 people were arrested friday night and into saturday mornin .
 cousin 's ex becomes jerry lee lewis ' 7th wife <sec> lewis married judith brown on march 9 , his representative says .  brown was married to lewis ' cousin rusty brown .  rusty brown 's sister myra gale brown was 13 when lewis married he .
 nigeria military : insurgents killed in raid on militant camps <sec> new : boko haram could face war crimes charges for ethnic cleansing , u.n. official says .  nigeria 's military carries out an aerial bombardment of suspected insurgent camps .  at least 20 insurgents have been killed , a military spokesman says .  it had announced a `` massive deployment '' of troops to northeastern nigeri .
 sharapova lands tokyo title as jankovic quits <sec> maria sharapova claims the toray pan pacific open title in tokyo .  unseeded russian beats jelena jankovic who retires with wrist injury in first set .  venus williams wins first round match at china open in beijin .
 opinion : spying issue wo n't go away <sec> van jones : spying programs are symptoms of broader , long-lasting changes .  jones : this is not `` another obama scandal ; '' all government branches and parties involved .  jones : finding a balance between civil liberties and national security is the challenge .  it will cause unusual political coalitions and be a new defining debate , he say .
 apparently this matters : the new ronald mcdonald <sec> ronald mcdonald was recently re-introduced to the public with a fresh wardrobe .  since 1963 , ronald has been the face of the mcdonald 's corporation .  ronald is also tasked with a mission : fun makes great things happe .
 cavendish claims road race world title in copenhagen <sec> britain 's mark cavendish wins world road race title in copenhagen .  cavendish sprints to victory ahead of australia 's matthew goss .  cavendish first briton to win prestigioius race since tom simpson in 1965 .  britain top the medals table in denmark with two golds , two silvers and two bronze .
 yosemite basket maker a living legend <sec> yosemite ranger works as native american cultural demonstrator .  the 80-year-old weaves baskets that are in museums worldwide .  basket maker is `` truly a national treasure , '' park spokesman says .  julia parker has passed basket-making traditions to three generation .
 british hostage john cantlie says isis controls kobani <sec> new : analyst : `` it was designed to show that he 's relaxed ... but clearly he 's under duress '' .  in the video , british hostage john cantlie says border town of kobani is under isis control .  isis has released other videos showing cantlie , a hostage for nearly two year .
 arraignment set in bradley manning 's wikileaks case <sec> manning faces court-martial in the military case .  he is suspected of giving classified documents to wikileaks .  if convicted of all charges , manning could face life in prison .  the intelligence community is trying to plug leak .
 city catch united at top of epl table <sec> manchester united drop first points of english season with 1-1 draw at stoke .  united head table on goal difference from rivals manchester city , who beat everton .  third-placed chelsea beat swansea as fernando torres scores and is sent off .  newcastle retain fourth place as demba ba scores hat-trick against blackbur .
 enoki mushrooms from phillips farms recalled <sec> recall covers 3.5-ounce packages of enoki mushrooms bearing upc 33383 67540 .  mushrooms in clear bags with blue or green graphics ; sold from january 13 to 30 .  early test results show potential listeria contamination ; no illnesses reported .  listeria can cause flu-like symptoms and sometimes nausea or diarrhe .
 ncaa proposal : athletes may receive unlimited food <sec> ruling would apply to both athletes who get scholarships and those who do n't .  ncaa has been looking at the issue for months .  star player at ncaa tournament revealed he sometimes can not afford to buy food .  other proposals include lighter penalties for testing positive for marijuan .
 colorado public pot-smoking event snuffed out <sec> arrests , foul fertilizer dampen `` 420 '' enthusiasm .  crowds turned out , but no one lit up ; few crossed police tape .  one man pumps up crowd , enters quad alone , is taken away .  boulder 's is one of the biggest pro-pot rallies on cryptic dat .
 5 favorite moments from monday at the sochi olympics <sec> after almost two decades together , u.s. figure skaters win gold .  bode miller cried sunday , but he was sympathetic on monday over a controversial post-race interview .  steven holcomb will bring back another historic bobsled medal .  what 's better ? .  three gold medals or being given the title `` hero of belarus '' .
 panetta : u.s. could provide logistical , intel support in mali <sec> panetta : `` we have a responsibility to go after al qaeda wherever they are '' .  the u.s. military could provide logistical and intelligence support for the french , panetta says .  state department 's nuland says the u.s. would not support the malian military directly .  nuland : `` we are not in a position to train the malian military until we have democracy restored .
 roger goodell deserves a chance ( opinion ) <sec> lanny davis : roger goodell mishandled the ray rice case .  he says the nfl commissioner has followed the right course in responding to crisis .  davis : give the investigation time to play out before deciding goodell 's fat .
 libyan militia fires on protesters , killing at least 31 , report say <sec> at least 31 people killed in fighting , health minister says .  fighting broke out after protesters marched on militia headquarters in tripoli .  a constant stream of ambulances delivered injured people to hospitals .  militia leader says they will not leave until a constitution is approve .
 antique shotgun puts former marine behind bars in mexico <sec> jon hammar is being held in a town dominated by a drug cartel .  he was detained because of an antique shotgun in his possession .  he served in iraq and afghanista .
 almeria hold madrid to draw ; barcelona thrash malaga <sec> real madrid held to draw by bottom-placed almeria to lose ground on leaders barcelona .  barcelona enjoy easy win over malaga to open up four point gap over madrid .  hannover move up to second place in bundesliga after 3-0 win over frankfurt .  kaiserslautern draw 1-1 with cologne to move up to 10th place in the tabl .
 fda warns one brand of vitamin b supplement contains harmful steroids <sec> fda : the supplement is linked to 29 complaints .  users reported fatigue , pain , liver and thyroid trouble .  men reported impotence and low testosterone .  no deaths were reported , but some patients were hospitalize .
 obama battles 'superbugs ' with national plan <sec> antibiotic resistance is a pressing public health issue , cdc says .  plan would nearly double the amount of federal monies allocated to the fight .  patient use of unnecessary antibiotics will be curtaile .
 hyperemesis gravidarum : when pregnancy makes you sick <sec> hyperemesis gravidarum causes extreme sickness during pregnancy .  home nursing care , ivs and medications can help .  one mother says the joy of having a child is worth i .
 opinion : that 's not me in dan brown 's 'inferno ' <sec> laurie garrett : evil character in dan brown 's `` inferno '' alarmingly close to her own job .  character is biologist at council on foreign relations , but similarity ends there , she says .  she says book silly but raises provocative issues about potentially dangerous biology .  garrett : book makes council seem nefarious , who well-funde .
 teacher earns top marks for directorial debut <sec> the school in southern england made a feature-length film starring pupils .  130 pupils spent a year filming hardy 's `` far from the madding crowd '' .  film cost $ 11,000 and includes a fire scene , animal-wrangling and crowd scenes .  some pupils involved hope to go on to work in film industr .
 ailing kennedy wants replacement law changed <sec> massachusetts requires special election 145 to 160 days after senate seat vacancy .  edward kennedy urges change in law to allow for immediate temporary replacement .  kennedy wants to ensure democrats have votes needed to overhaul health care .  watch the hbo documentary `` teddy : in his own words '' on cnn at 7 tonight e .
 chefs ' mission helps oxfam grow hope in haiti <sec> chefs john besh and aaron sanchez traveled to haiti as part of oxfam 's grow campaign .  grow is working to create sustainable agriculture models to ensure quality and quantity of future food supplies .  besh and sanchez were able to experience some of haiti 's rich culinary tradition .
 sri lanka appeals to saudi king to spare maid 's life <sec> she killed the child after she was asked to bottle-feed him , saudi police said .  the maid said the child died accidentally , choking on milk .  she took the job after the 2004 tsunami displaced her family .  about 1.5 million sri lankans work abroa .
 going wild for food in san francisco <sec> foraging for local food is gaining popularity in san francisco .  various groups offer foraging tours for the uninitiated .  foragesf puts on dinner parties teeming with wild food .
 bernhard goetz 's victim dies on anniversary of shooting <sec> james ramseur , 45 , is found dead in a new york city motel room .  ramseur was one of four victims injured nearly three decades ago by bernhard goetz .  goetz was a man new yorkers once dubbed `` the subway vigilante .
 new orleans jail video shows drugs , guns , filth <sec> a 2009 video shows orleans parish inmates using drugs in squalid cells .  `` why 're we in here ? '' .  one inmate asks of the decrepit jail .  the orleans parish sheriff says the facility was closed in 2012 .  new orleans mayor wants the jail put under federal contro .
 obamacare : young and fit needed to make mandate work <sec> insurance companies will save money on young to help pay for older , sicker population .  under obamacare , companies can no longer deny people with pre-existing conditions .  south carolina ranks near the bottom in the nation when it comes to access to care .  state has refused to expand medicaid and has not set up its own health care marketplac .
 must read books for may <sec> catch up on the new fiction books available in may .  the pop culture focus on sherlock holmes continues with `` the baker street translation '' .  spies and private eyes make comebacks .  vampires are so last year -- get ready for werewolve .
