 ex-arab league monitor slams syria mission <sec> new : an arab league official said malek had health issues during his stint .  malek said he saw 'shameful scenes ' in homs .  prisoners were in 'deplorable ' states , malek sai .
 from sochi with love : olympians tap-up tinder on valentine 's day <sec> athletes at the winter olympics are using dating app tinder .  gold medalist jamie anderson had to delete account as it was too distracting .  organizers have provided more than 100,000 condoms for athlete .
 investing in china just grew murkier <sec> china now requires company permission before accessing detailed records .  background checks on potential chinese investments have been hindered .  some say move is in response to hedge funds who are shorting chinese companie .
 chavez : survivor and venezuela 's long-serving president <sec> chavez 's socialist agenda has overseen nationalization in numerous industries .  his legacy is one of `` latin american robin hood '' and `` shrewd autocrat '' .  he announced his re-election bid after declaring himself cancer-free in july .  chavez , at 44 , was venezuela 's youngest person to be elected president in 199 .
 british monk murdered in china , police say <sec> a high-profile british tibetan monk and two other men have been killed in china .  police said that three suspects have been captured .  the victims were killed over a financial dispute , police added .  victim 's brother says he was `` assassinated .
 a catholic reads the bible , week 2 : seth , <sec> laura bernardini , a lifelong catholic , has decided to finally read the bible from cover to cover . .  this is week two .  some surprises : two creation stories , seth , and what on earth are the `` men of heaven '' .
 china 's government gives rare transparent look at disaster <sec> graphic footage of death , destruction has been shown on state-run networks .  tv stations have interrupted regular shows to provide 24-hour coverage .  swift reaction , extensive news coverage not seen in previous disasters .  when earthquake struck 32 years ago , chinese media kept information secre .
 is orange the new black for d & g ; ? designers lose prison term appeal <sec> domenico dolce and stefano gabbana face 18 months in an italian prison .  the designers were found guilty of failing to pay 40 million euros in taxes in italy .  the case will be appeal to italy 's supreme court , their lawyer say .
 baby dinosaur replica returned to n.c. museum <sec> baby dinosaur replica at n.c. museum of natural sciences is valued at about $ 10,000 .  two people are shown in surveillance images apparently taking the replica from its exhibit .  the two are also suspected of taking prop veggies and doilies from history museum .  the items missing from the history museum are found at the sciences museu .
 national enquirer : edwards story came from credible tip <sec> national enquirer reporter confronted john edwards at hotel about extramarital affair .  edwards admits affair , denies fathering child .  enquirer editor-in-chief : `` story has proven to be true and there is more to come .
 reward offered one year after fort bragg soldier 's disappearance <sec> a fayetteville , north carolina , police detective says military is offering a $ 25,000 reward .  in april 2012 , kelli bordeaux disappeared after leaving a fayetteville bar .  last april , police and the military searched near the bar , where she was last see .
 more storms looming for penn state in wake of freeh report <sec> university plans to renovate locker room .  `` the university hired their own executioner when they hired louie freeh , '' legal analyst says .  trustee kenneth frazier says the school 's board of trustees is `` deeply ashamed '' .  scott paterno says he wishes his father had been more aggressive in following u .
 marines eager , wary about leading surge into afghanistan <sec> marines , part of initial wave of obama 's surge plan , to head to afghanistan this week .  `` i 'm absolutely ecstatic about the situation , '' says sgt . .  jason bendett .  questions remain on how marines without afghan combat experience can jump right in .  `` when we actually say goodbye , it 's going to be hard , but we 'll get through it , '' wife of marine say .
 after suspension , search for etan patz to resume monday <sec> new : no evidence of human remains has been found , says a law enforcement source .  an fbi spokesman says the search was suspended for `` operational reasons '' .  official : possible blood stain discovered in basement search .  the 6-year-old boy disappeared in 1979 on his way to a bus stop in new yor .
 williams slays sharapova to reach ninth miami masters final <sec> serena williams advances to miami masters final with straight sets semifinal win .  defending champion beats maria sharapova for 15th time in a row .  american will next face australian open champion li na .  men 's no . .  1 rafael nadal sets up semifinal clash with tomas berdyc .
 after bath video , weeks-long anna nicole smith trial expected to end <sec> defense lawyers says they will not call any witnesses .  prosecutors are expected to rest their case friday .  video of smith and her baby bathing was intended to show drug impairment .  judge has hinted he might drop some charge .
 democrats , republicans and the insane leap into the abyss <sec> the government shutdown is already having real-world consequences .  engaged couples to federal employees are feeling the brunt .  even nasa has had its capabilities limited by the shutdow .
 convicted killer joran van der sloot marries girlfriend in prison <sec> joran van der sloot marries a woman who he met as she visited his lima prison .  the couple are expecting a child together in september , according to his lawyer .  van der sloot pleaded guilty in 2012 to the murder of a 21-year-old peruvian woman .  he was arrested twice , but never charged , in natalee holloway 's disappearanc .
 men held in netherlands suspected of plotting terror , dutch say <sec> new : homeland security cautions against `` jumping to any conclusions '' .  an initial u.s. investigation finds no connection to terror , two officials say .  the two are yemeni citizens , the dutch say .  the men in custody may have been testing security , source say .
 more storms expected as tornadoes batter midwest <sec> strong storms rumble through midwest on wednesday ; more expected on thursday .  national weather service says tornado touched down near aurora , nebraska .  another tornado caused heavy damage in austin , minnesot .
 barcelona hit five to begin spanish title defense <sec> barcelona open la liga campaign with 5-0 rout of villarreal .  lionel messi grabs a late double to round off scoring in nou camp .  thiago alcantara and new recruits cesc fabregas and alexis sanchez also scor .
 former president demands foes leave yemen <sec> saleh agreed to transfer power in november .  yemen joined the wave of popular uprisings known as the arab spring .  the former president says his enemies must leave the country as wel .
 subway ads : a right to hate speech , a duty to condemn <sec> group posts ads in new york subway stations with coded message islam is `` savage '' .  anti-islam blogger 's group also put up ads calling `` islamophobia '' `` islamorealism '' .  rachel kahn-troster says unopposed messages of hatred stir acts of violence .  she supports the right to free speech but believes we must stand against bigotr .
 hillary clinton 's agonizing choice on foreign policy <sec> miller : the former secretary of state has to decide whether she 's going to differ with barack obama 's handling of foreign policy .  he says her experience overseas could be an asset as long as she does n't get ensnared by controversy over obama policie .
 kenneth bae 's mother visits north korea to see imprisoned son <sec> mother of kenneth bae arrives in north korea to visit her son , says family friend .  bae has been sentenced to 15 years in north korean labor camp .  his mother says she was alarmed by her son 's appearance in a july prison intervie .
 once-accused tennis umpire heads back to u.s. open , to work <sec> lois goodman is described by her attorney as `` the dean of the tennis officials '' .  last august she was arrested while in new york preparing to work the u.s. open .  los angeles police accused her in the blugeoning death of her husband .  charges were later dropped , the usta reinstated her , and she will work this year 's ope .
 south korea intrigued by 6 who defected to pyongyang <sec> six south korean defectors to the north were returned to seoul on friday .  the body of the wife of one of the defectors was returned with the men .  defections from south korea to the north are rare .  reports claimed the men believed they would have a better life north of the borde .
 does ryan medicare plan make sense ? <sec> aaron carroll : ryan 's proposals for medicare , medicaid sharply differ from obama 's .  he says ryan 's medicare plan could change quality of care , increase cost to seniors .  he says plan for block grants to states to pay for medicaid would result in benefit cuts to poor , old .  carroll : obama 's approach is different ; ideally a compromise would keep best of both plan .
 minister escapes sri lanka bombing <sec> minister 's bodyguards hurt in blast in southern suburb of colombo .  maithripala sirisena heads the agriculture department .  authorities blamed the attack on tamil tigers rebel .
 learning to live with lupus <sec> there are four types of lupus , ranging from mild to severe .  diagnosis can be tricky because symptoms are varied .  some experts say fish oil and flaxseed ease inflammation .  most people with lupus are women , said the lupus foundation of americ .
 reports : tropical storm kills 10 in north korea , 4 in south korea <sec> new : tropical storm mufia kills 10 in north korea , a state-run news agency said .  new : china reports nearly half a billion dollars in damage .  the storm made landfall in north korea monday .  four deaths are reported in south korea , the yonhap news agency report .
 ben ainslie 's ambition : sailing hero takes on america 's cup challenge <sec> ben ainslie is the most successful sailor in olympic history .  the 36-year-old briton has won four golds and one silver medal .  his final gold came in the finn class at the 2012 london olympics .  his lifelong ambition is to win the america 's cup for britai .
 gop 's 'young guns ' say they want to work with democrats in house <sec> tea party-infused talk of confrontation absent from some gop house candidates .  `` young guns '' stress need to work with democrats to get things done in washington .  group includes openly gay ex-massachusetts state lawmaker , black female mayor from uta .
 belgium ends record-breaking government-free run <sec> it 's the only country that has gone longer than iraq without a government .  it held street parties when it broke the record .  ordinary people say the lack of government has n't been a problem .  the last prime minister resigned on april 26 , 201 .
 the art of dave matthews <sec> dave matthews says he was nervous about displaying his art in a new york exhibit .  more than 20 of silk-screens by matthews and beezy bailey are at a hell 's kitchen gallery .  the exhibit might open the floodgates to more art shows , the singer say .
 vanished hoffa still fascinates after almost 40 years <sec> former teamsters leader jimmy hoffa has n't been seen since july 30 , 1975 .  theories swarm around the whereabouts of him , or his body .  a new search has refueled our fascination and more theorie .
 source : daschle to get health and human services nod thursday <sec> ex-sen. tom daschle is a health care adviser on obama 's transition team .  the former senate majority leader says he plans to write obama 's health care plan .  daschle advocates expanding federal employee health benefits to private employers .  linda daschle , a registered lobbyist , would leave firm to clear potential conflict .
 world cup : defending champion spain exits brazil 2014 <sec> world champion spain is out of the tournament .  spain beaten 2-0 by chile in rio de janeiro .  eduardo vargas and charles aranguiz scored the goals .  10-man cameroon also out after croatia los .
 stars and stripes accuses u.s. military of censorship in iraq <sec> newspaper says military 's rejection of embed request is censorship .  paper wanted reporter heath druzin to be embedded with army division in iraq .  army rejects request , cites druzin 's previous interactions with division .  army denies accusations , says different reporter may embed with divisio .
 the party crasher : finding where politicians , special interests meet - cnnpolitics.com <sec> nonpartisan nonprofit tracks events where politicians , special interests meet .  group advocates for greater government transparency .  writer 's goal : crash as many rnc , dnc parties as he can and blog about the .
 bus riders subdue attacker , help avert collision ; 24 injured <sec> a passenger attacked a driver on moving bus on an arizona interstate .  24 people were injured as the bus bounced on the median , police say .  passengers helped subdue attacker and narrowly avoided a collision with other vehicles .  the alleged attacker fled but later returned and was arreste .
 french senate backs same-sex marriage bill <sec> french senate approves a bill that would extend the right to marry to same-sex couples .  the controversial bill would also allow same-sex couples to adopt .  the move has been opposed by social conservatives and the catholic church .  the legislation has won wide backing from gay rights advocate .
 brazil 's trash pickers turn garbage into art <sec> catadores are waste collectors who pick through trash to source recyclable materials .  there are an estimated one million catadores across the country .  the asmare organization is transforming recyclable materials into works of ar .
 opinion : obama 's israel trip is about legacy <sec> president obama is visiting israel , will meet with benjamin netanyahu .  aaron david miller : obama 's attempt to repair relationship with netanyahu is smart .  he says netanyahu is mindful of his legacy to avoid being seen as a do-nothing leader .  miller : fighting has n't worked before ; obama and netanyahu can try to cooperate instea .
 jack ma : ceo , the alibaba group <sec> ma founded china 's first internet-based company in 1995 .  he was also head of the information department of the ciecc .  since 1999 he has been at the head of the alibaba group .  he is considered one of the most important figures on the we .
 michigan woman 's blood found at scene of her abduction , police say <sec> police say blood found at a north shores service station belongs to jessica heeringa .  she was taken from the station late last month , police say .  suspect is a white male , 30 to 40 years old , 6 feet tall with wavy hair parted in the middle .  police also are looking for a silver miniva .
 alleged jamaican drug lord arrives in united states to face charges <sec> new : christopher `` dudus '' coke will be arraigned friday .  alleged drug kingpin arrived in the united states thursday evening .  `` i love the people of jamaica , '' he says .  coke waived right to a hearing in jamaic .
 jeremy clarkson : hated by liberals , loved by elite <sec> top gear 's jeremy clarkson is determinedly anti-pc ; courts controversy .  broadcaster has caused offense for racist remarks in the past .  friends with uk pm david cameron and former news head rebekah brook .
 brawn and bouncers : how an indian village pumps out muscular men <sec> men gather for four hours each day to exercise in rural village asola-fatehpur beri .  tradition of exercising has turned village into recruitment grounds for delhi bouncers .  musclemen follow tradition of eating vegetarian , abstain from smoking and alcoho .
 what does 'person of interest ' mean ? nothing <sec> police began widely using `` person of interest '' after 1996 olympic park bombing .  it does not mean the same thing as `` suspect '' .  experts say the phrase came into use to reduce media pressure .  it can deceive the subject of an investigation , expert say .
 hundreds head to mlk memorial despite event cancellations <sec> dedication postponed because of hurricane irene .  visitors enjoy touring site anyway .  `` it 's a powerful projection of martin luther king 's personality and achievements .
 building peace in africa ? give power to women <sec> bineta diop is the founder of femme africa solidarity , a women 's empowerment group .  she believes women can play an important role in conflict resolution on the continent .  her fight for women 's rights has seen diop in some of the most dangerous parts of africa .  women now comprise almost 50 % of senegalese government , says dio .
 piers to 50 cent : i work out to 'in da club ' <sec> 50 cent lost his mother at 8 ; never knew his father . .  by 12 , he was dealing drugs .  the rapper was shot nine times at point-blank range in 2000 .  he credits that `` life-changing '' event with propelling him to focus on his music .  50 cent 's new charity feeds a meal to a child in need for every street king energy drink sol .
 ann romney did great , but wo n't move needle <sec> stephen hess : ann romney did great job with speech ; should help with mitt 's `` likability '' .  he says conventions mainly for the political class ; most voters wo n't have watched .  he says wives can be a force , not a factor ; voters ultimately vote what 's important to them .  hess : political process is a show ; whoever persuades voters on jobs issue will wi .
 nfl 's greg hardy sits out amid domestic violence furor <sec> new : carolina panthers coach says team `` will get it right '' .  greg hardy was convicted of domestic violence but has appealed , saying he is innocent .  ray rice was suspended indefinitely after video emerged of him punching now-wife .  neither rice nor vikings ' adrian peterson has faced trial , but they 've been benche .
 west may ultimately have to accept crimea as part of russia <sec> ukraine uprising stokes cold war tensions .  ukrainian melting pot of cultures and loyalties complicates politics .  russia 's military intervention calls into question sanctity of international borders .  u.s. , international community may have to accept russian annexation of crimea , if it occur .
 report : pilot 'gave no reason ' for seeking to divert plane <sec> preliminary report sheds light on crash that killed 14 people in butte , montana .  investigators probe what role overloading or weather may have played in march crash .  report : diversion to butte `` cleared at pilot 's discretion '' moments before cras .
 trayvon martin case also about guns <sec> writers : `` right to bear arms '' does not include a right to use guns in disputes .  gun owners most likely to be killed by their gun , writers say , and more likely to be shot .  disputes solved with guns , they say , and justifiable homicides tripled since florida law enacted .  after a person is killed , the only witness may be the shooter , writers sa .
 opinion : death by 'amusement ' <sec> woman dies on roller coaster in texas on friday .  john sutter : federal regulations for roller coasters should be considered .  official says the federal government has no authority over rides that are n't mobil .
 cops shot man at walmart , then interrogated girlfriend <sec> police shot dead john crawford iii at an ohio walmart in august .  the case has drawn national attention amid protests over racism and police violence .  a detective interrogated crawford 's girlfriend after the shooting .  attorney : video of questioning shows police tried to `` cover up '' a `` bad shooting .
 ioc adds rugby sevens and golf to 2016 olympics <sec> the ioc have voted rugby union sevens and golf into the 2016 olympic games .  rugby sevens garnered 81 votes in favor of their inclusion with eight against .  golf was voted into the olympics with 63 votes to 27 with just two abstentions .  the olympic games in 2016 will be held in rio de janeiro , brazi .
 obama 's commitment to fight isis , ebola questioned <sec> sen. lindsey graham says obama `` is all in when it comes to ebola , '' but not isis .  sen. kelly ayotte says she is concerned obama will reduce his commitment to fighting isis after midterms .  house majority leader kevin mccarthy says he would n't `` second-guess '' the house on an isis vote .  administration says that despite skepticism , it is capable of dealing with any matter of problem quickl .
 american teacher slain in libya <sec> new : four assailants opened fire , killing him instantaneously , interior ministry says .  new : authorities vow to bring those responsible to justice .  international school benghazi mourns teacher ronnie smith 's `` untimely death '' .  benghazi is where militants attacked a u.s. diplomatic mission in september 201 .
 haitians dig themselves out as quake damage slows outside aid <sec> blocked roads , crowded airport and damaged docks slow progress of aid .  people cover faces to block stench from piles of bodies .  president obama promises $ 100 million in immediate relief aid to haiti .  government officials fear death toll might eventually run into six figure .
