 tips for getting started with your new mobile gadget <sec> new mobile device ? .  there are some tips any new owner should know .  simple tablet and smartphone security measures can prevent heartache later .  save money with data warnings and limits , as well as wi-fi messaging and phone app .
 cold snap to ice northern states , courtesy of typhoon <sec> typhoon nuri in the pacific went far north , rammed jet stream .  that whipped the jet stream southward , dragging arctic air behind it .  temperatures will plunge to teens , single digits by midweek in the north .  great falls , montana , will shiver at 9 below zero on tuesday nigh .
 the 2014 battle for the senate starts now <sec> the race for the 2014 u.s. senate is already starting .  democrats actually gained at least one senate seat in last week 's election .  republicans have one thing in their favor in 2014 - a midterm electorat .
 world cup : up close and personal - a photographer 's view <sec> shaun botterill is one of the world 's leading sports photographers .  working for getty images , he has special access at major events .  he says he crawled through other photographers ' legs to get 2006 shot .  great world cup photos can be found away from the main stadiums , he say .
 state media : iranian court overturns death sentence for american accused of spying <sec> iran 's supreme court orders a retrial in the espionage case , state media report .  amir mirzaei hekmati is accused of spying and was sentenced to death in january .  his family and the u.s. government deny the allegations .  the status of his case was not immediately clear monda .
 beloved teen sam berns dies at 17 after suffering from rare disease <sec> sam berns had progeria , which causes premature , accelerated aging .  he was the subject of the hbo documentary `` life according to sam '' .  berns died a day before he was to be the patriots ' honorary captain .  `` i loved sam berns and am richer for having known him , '' patriot owner say .
 lawmakers to army chief : honor soldiers held as slaves by nazis <sec> 350 u.s. soldiers were held as slaves at camp in germany during world war ii .  cnn recently reported on the captivity of one soldier held at berga an der elster .  congressmen urge army secretary to honor the `` sacrifices made by those detained '' .  `` as proud americans , we wish to recognize and honor them for their service .
 ex-cia chief petraeus testifies benghazi attack was al qaeda-linked terrorism - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rep. peter king says david petraeus ' account differs from an earlier assessment .  a u.s. ambassador and three others were killed in the benghazi attack .  lawmakers say petraeus said his resignation had nothing to do with benghaz .
 saudi arabia blasts u.n. security council , rejects offer to join <sec> the u.n. security council is hampered by a double standard , the saudi kingdom alleges .  the saudi government says the council has failed the middle east .  it says the council mishandled palestinian suffering and the syrian civil wa .
 woman accused of cheating funds set up for boston marathon bombing victims <sec> police say joanna leigh was at the boston marathon but was not injured by the bombing .  she is accused of receiving almost $ 40,000 in benefit .
 police shooting , protests rock los angeles suburb <sec> new : the victim 's family files a $ 50 million lawsuit .  new : the family says 25-year-old manuel diaz committed no crime .  anaheim police arrest 24 after tuesday night 's protest .  violent protests `` will simply not be tolerated , '' the mayor say .
 weight of words in focus after arizona shooting <sec> militant-themed messages and speeches laced with fear mark political dialogue .  lawmakers on both sides of aisle call on colleagues to tone it down .  the notion that rhetoric caused the violence is `` fallacious , '' professor says .  health care debate looms again in house ; it could be volatil .
 obama 's twitter town hall to focus on economy , jobs <sec> obama will not be confined to twitter 's 140-character limit .  `` he 's just answering the questions . .  he 's not typing and tweeting , '' white house says .  twitter co-founder jack dorsey to monitor the expected flood of tweet .
 danish , swedish magazines to print topless kate photos <sec> new : magazines in denmark and sweden publish photos despite legal controversy .  closer magazine , the first to publish the photos , wo n't say if it obeyed a court order .  catherine and prince william got an injunction in france on tuesday .  the royals have also filed a criminal complaint in franc .
 christian janitor died saving muslim students <sec> janitor pervaiz masih lauded as national hero after attack at muslim university .  he stopped suicide bomber reaching room full of female muslim students .  bomber exploded vest killing masih but blast hit into parking lot , not cafeteria .  professor : despite being a christian , he sacrificed his life to save muslim girl .
 q & a ; : liane moriarty 's novel attracts hollywood <sec> reese witherspoon and nicole kidman optioned screen rights for `` big little lies '' .  `` big little lies '' is liane moriarty 's sixth adult novel .  moriarty 's novel `` the husband 's secret '' sold more than 1 million copies in the u.s .
 sxsw : demo of 'game of thrones ' on oculus rift wows virtual reality fans <sec> fans at sxsw are lining up to check out the oculus rift virtual-reality headset .  headset offers a virtual world that immerses the wearer in hbo 's `` game of thrones '' .  a consumer version of the oculus rift is expected on the market within the next yea .
 daisuke takahashi : japan star on the importance of being 'gorgeous ' <sec> daisuke takahashi is the first japanese man to win an olympic medal in figure skating .  he is also the first asian male to win a world championship title in the discipline .  takahashi overcame a serious knee injury that sidelined him for a whole season .  the 27-year-old is hoping to win gold at the 2014 winter olympics in soch .
 a cruise for everyone : 7 themed sailings <sec> from running to dancing to hanging out with paula deen , cruises cater to diverse interests .  steampunk fans will have a chance to strut their stuff on a march cruise .  `` soul train '' enthusiasts should book early for a themed fall 2013 sailin .
 federer and djokovic make dubai semis ; wozniacki through in doha <sec> world no . .  2 roger federer beats sergiy stakhovsky to make dubai semifinals .  four-time dubai champion will play france 's richard gasquet on friday .  two-time defending champion novak djokovic faces tomas berdych in last four .  women 's no . .  1 caroline wozniacki through to semifinals at wta event in doh .
 ted cruz aims to be iowa 's favorite christian candidate <sec> ted cruz has built a brand as a stalwart conservative on fiscal issues .  but he 's also eager to champion social issues at a time when many republicans are eager to avoid them .  cruz says the gop needs to unite young libertarian-minded voters and evangelical .
 alleged john edwards sex tape survives courthouse fire <sec> tape was the subject of a february hearing at the chatham county courthouse .  chatham county courthouse in north carolina burned on thursday .  the tape , which allegedly shows john edwards and rielle hunter , had been move .
 are afghan women better off after a decade of war ? <sec> afghan women 's rights have improved in the last 10 years but problems persist .  harassment , forced marriage and domestic violence are still widespread .  religious leaders issued a statement this week on how women should behave .  they said that women should n't travel without a male chaperone or mix with men in publi .
 english fa to probe claims of racist abuse by referee in chelsea match <sec> chelsea lodge complaint with english fa over referee 's `` inappropriate language '' .  mark clattenburg reportedly used racial language towards john obi mikel .  fa launch investigation after reading match report from clattenburg on monday .  clattenburg welcomes opportunity to establish facts in case with few precedent .
 democratic senator : public health insurance option dead <sec> democratic senator from north dakota : not enough votes to filibuster .  sen. kent conrad : president obama should not `` chase that rabbit '' .  conrad , working on bipartisan proposal , suggests nonprofit insurance co-ops .  obama has been campaigning for a government-backed health care optio .
 officers charged in new orleans bridge deaths to appear in court <sec> the four officers face charges in post-katrina shootings .  the friday hearings will determine whether they will remain in jail until trial .  the shootings occurred on danziger bridge in 200 .
 'oz ' proves 'great and powerful ' at box office <sec> 'oz '' is a prequel to the 1939 classic `` the wizard of oz , '' starring judy garland . .  james franco plays a carnival magician swept into the land of oz by a tornado .  the success of `` oz '' dwarfs `` jack the giant slayer , '' which brought in $ 10 millio .
 can u.s. uphold its end of an iran nuclear deal ? <sec> white house 's ability to provide iran with sanctions relief is unclear , writes tyler cullis .  cullis : a poll suggests iranians do not believe u.s. is willing to lift sanctions .  with isis conflict , obama administration can not afford hostilities with iran , he says .  white house involvement needs to accelerate , he write .
 officials : syria 's prime minister defects from al-assad regime <sec> opposition reports at least 161 deaths in fighting across the country monday .  `` the flight of some personalities '' wo n't affect syria , state news agency says .  analysts say riyad hijab 's departure is a symbolic blow for syria 's government .  an official says hijab will head to qatar `` sometime soon .
 bolt and blake secure double jamaican win in lausanne <sec> usain bolt wins 200m at diamond league meeting in lausanne .  teammate yohan blake takes 100m in scintillating 9.69 seconds .  carmelita jeter of u.s. wins women 's 100m in 10.86 seconds .  qatar 's mutaz essa bashim on top in men 's high jump with 2.39 clearanc .
 chilton takes marussia f1 seat to make it four brits on the grid <sec> briton driver max chilton selected to drive for marussia in the 2013 formula one season .  chilton 's deal means there will be four british drivers on the f1 grid in 2013 .  the 21-year-old has only had two f1 test drives and moves from gp2 series .  chilton joins lewis hamilton , jenson button and paul di resta in the spor .
 ivanovic injury forces serbia out of hopman cup final <sec> new : venus williams loses second consecutive hong kong exhibition match to china 's li na .  serbia 's ana ivanovic pulls out of the hopman cup final with a stomach injury .  belgium replace serbia in saturday 's final against the united states .  robin soderling , radek stepanek progress to semifinals of brisbane internationa .
 canadian missing after jumping from cruise ship near puerto rico <sec> fbi investigates why tien phuoc nguyen , vacationing with family , jumped off cruise ship .  adventure of the seas was about 15 miles east of mona island , puerto rico .  nguyen went overboard near the end of a weeklong cruis .
 cdc director : a disease outbreak anywhere is a risk everywhere <sec> `` the world faces a perfect storm of vulnerability , '' cdc director dr. tom frieden says .  someone could unleash a deadly , genetically modified microbe that we ca n't fight .  nothing has the potential to kill more people than influenza , frieden say .
 syrian teen is called 'the malala of za'atari ' <sec> with the help of one teen , 70 % of children at jordanian refugee camp now attend school .  mizune has been called `` the malala of za'atari '' for her efforts .  if za'atari were a city , it would be the fifth largest in jorda .
 the tough truths about chris christie 's new jersey <sec> chris christie built his keynote address to rnc on theme of telling tough truths to america .  errol louis says the new jersey governor has to face the tough truths about his own state .  new jersey 's unemployment rate is high , and there are questions about finances , he says .  louis : christie 's speech went over well , but he did n't mention romney until late in his tal .
 prosecutors , attorneys argue : was there a second gunman in rfk assassination ? <sec> california attorney general responds in-depth for the first time to an audio tape of rfk 's shooting .  convicted assassin sirhan was hypno-programmed to be a diversion for real gunman , his lawyers say .  a long-lost audio tape belonging to a reporter reveals a second gun , an expert say .
 solar sails could turn super-yachts green <sec> solar sails are large solar-paneled wings which can harness sun or wind power .  sydney-based company solar sailor is developing the technology .  the solar sails could be fixed to super-yachts to help reduce their fuel consumptio .
 a look at north korea 's escalation of threats <sec> north korea on tuesday threatens to attack u.s. and south korean bases .  pyongyang puts its troops on full alert and announces its military is ready for combat .  the threat comes amid joint u.s.-south korean military exercise .
 justice department , new orleans police department agree on overhaul <sec> justice department , nopd reach consent decree to be filed in federal court .  officials say it includes 100 far-ranging recommendations .  officials say deal includes a minimum four years of federal and court monitoring .  the nopd has been plagued for years by corruption and abuse .
 6 of the world 's highest skyscraper hotels <sec> the ritz-carlton , hong kong holds guinness record for world 's highest hotel suite .  trump international hotel & tower chicago can give views to lake michigan on a good day .  q1 resort and spa is tallest building in southern hemispher .
 recall crisis : time for gm to be sold ? <sec> james foxall says general motors has multiple problems and none of them is new .  lack of positive image and identity is one of them , he writes .  general motors could be run properly by a foreign company , james foxall say .
 larry wilmore rises to the top <sec> larry wilmore 's `` nightly show '' taking over colbert 's old time slot .  most of wilmore 's experience behind scenes , though he 's appeared on `` daily show .
 man sought in grandmother 's slaying arrested in mexico <sec> joseph elias george ettima , 25 , was arrested by authorities in mexico .  ettima is accused of killing his 69-year-old grandmother and then burning her body .  two children witnessed the slaying in january in los alamitos , california .  los alamitos police chief says the capture provides a `` sense of security .
 lawsuit : madoff 's workplace was rife with cocaine , sex <sec> lawsuit seeks punitive damages , compensation on behalf of former investors .  starting in '70s , madoff sent employees to buy drugs for company use , suit alleges .  lawsuit : madoff used money stolen from investors to pay for escorts and masseuses .  madoff now eating prison pizza cooked by a convicted child molester , lawsuit say .
 republicans to sue obama over health law <sec> republicans say obama changed the employer mandate on his own , violated constitution .  house speaker john boehner promised a lawsuit over claims obama abused his authority .  the white house called the suit over obamacare a `` political stunt '' .  new : some republicans backing the suit approved a bill to make the same change in la .
 xavi and pedro sign new barcelona deals <sec> xavi hernandez has signed an extended deal with barcelona .  midfielder will remain at the club until 2016 .  xavi says he wants to stay at barcelona until he retires .  young winger pedro signs improved contract with barcelon .
 pro-russian separatists in eastern ukraine stand their ground <sec> little progress in a meeting in kiev saturday to ease tensions in eastern ukraine .  separatists in eastern ukraine ignore international deal .  putin says he wo n't give in over to western demands .  u.s. to take part in military exercises in poland and estoni .
 black man 's death , subsequent dragging investigated as hate crime <sec> both men worked in a turkey processing plant .  30-year-old anthony hill 's near-nude body found on south carolina road .  rope around neck and upper torso .  officers follow trail of blood and human tissue to suspect 's hous .
 computer mouse inventor douglas engelbart dies <sec> douglas engelbart invented the computer mouse .  he died tuesday night at home in california , sri international says .  research institute chief : `` anyone in the world who uses a mouse ... is indebted to him .
 fears of syrian government siege on aleppo rise <sec> with help from militias , syrian government has retaken strategic roads and villages .  to make matters worse for rebels , isis bombards them to their west .  another factor : deadly barrel bombs dropped from the sky .  `` the international community must stop the killing , '' aleppo council leader plead .
 obama is cnn 's most intriguing person of 2012 <sec> president barack obama 's year of triumph ends with accolade from cnn.com readers .  obama also is time magazine 's person of the year .  the year began with obama in a perilous political position .  his re-election reflected policy and political accomplishment .
 pedrosa crash overshadows stoner 's french motogp success <sec> casey stoner avoids mayhem behind him to run away with french motogp race .  australian finishes 28-lap event 14 seconds clear of italy 's andrea dovizioso .  title rival dani pedrosa breaks collarbone after crash involving marco simoncelli .  seven-time world champion valentino rossi earns first podium finish since joining ducat .
 pentagon makes love , not cyber war <sec> pentagon reveals unclassified version of `` strategy for operating in cyberspace '' .  source : dod would like to be much more aggressive in what it says and how it acts .  pentagon concludes `` computer sabotage ... can constitute an act of war .
 politicians in iraq work to salvage power-sharing deal <sec> u.s. , kurds , arab league are mediating .  politicians say misunderstandings resulted in the walkout .  parliament will meet again on saturda .
 cnn student news - march 5 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 senate battle : six races to watch ( opinion ) <sec> the outcome of six races could determine whether the u.s. remains in democrats ' hands .  julian zelizer : democrats citing gop extremism ; republicans cite obama 's performance .  in four of the states , democratic incumbents are seeking to win re-election .  zelizer : can white house reverse historical pattern of midterm losses .
 google wants to sell domain names <sec> google announces the launch of an invite-only , domain-registration service .  google has n't said when the service will be available to the public .  service will compete with godaddy , the largest domain-management compan .
 the ongoing war against cybercrime <sec> most credit card companies and banks offer help to victims of internet fraud .  however , it 's unclear who is responsible when the company is a victim of crime .  a student loan company lost a laptop with jake mccoy 's personal data .  `` i do n't know why they were carrying around information on a laptop , '' mccoy sai .
 'smart fork ' may help you lose weight <sec> the hapifork tracks how quickly you eat , vibrating if your bites are less than 10 seconds apart .  the company behind the smart fork has launched a kickstarter campaign to raise $ 100,000 .  fork is one of many household objects that will likely get sensors in coming year .
 part 2 : web tips for the newly unemployed <sec> our netiquette columnists offer advice on digital job-hunting tools .  follow companies on linkedin to see what current employees are in your circle .  while there 's no shame in being let go , your cover letter should shimmer with hirability .  massive job listing sites are often disorganized , crowded and teeming with humanit .
 being a monk in myanmar : personal transformation in a changing country <sec> rupert arrowsmith has spent time as a monk in myanmar at buddhist monasteries .  arrowsmith attracted to buddhism in myanmar for its emphasis on personal development .  the monastery he visited in 2002 was transformed on his 2013 visi .
 south africa 's world cup dream halted by ruthless uruguay <sec> world cup hosts south africa are beaten 3-0 by uruguay .  south africa 's defeat means they are all but out of the tournament .  diego forlan scored two goals for uruguay .  hosts must beat france in their last game and hope other result goes in their favo .
 'fundawear ' offers long-distance foreplay <sec> 'fundawear ' contain vibrating sensors that can be controlled wirelessly .  the underwear comes with a smartphone app for remote-controlled , um , fu .
