 real humbled in madrid derby rout <sec> real lost 4-0 in the madrid derby .  they lost despite return of cristiano ronaldo .  atletico now unbeaten in six madrid derbie .
 eat your way around copenhagen , europe 's new culinary capital <sec> copenhagen is at the heart of the wave of `` new nordic cuisine '' .  restaurants like two michelin-starred `` noma '' have put scandanvian food on the map .  cnn showcases eateries for every palate in a culinary tour of copenhage .
 palestinians : 1,300 killed , 22,000 buildings destroyed in gaza <sec> israeli offensive caused $ 1.9 billion in economic destruction in gaza , official says .  it could take a year for gaza 's economy to recover , palestinian agency says .  u.n. official : 159 children among 1,300 people killed in gaza during offensiv .
 wife fears for safety of detained iranian activist <sec> iranian activist detained at airport as he tried to leave country .  wife says she is deeply concerned for mohammadreza jalaeipour 's safety .  fatemeh shams says she has n't heard from jalaeipour since his arrest .  couple are both activists for pro-moussavi third wave campaig .
 georgia pastor : 'i 'm going to fight ' sex allegations <sec> pastor talks for first time since suits filed alleging sex with young male members .  eddie long defends himself at sunday service : `` i 've been accused , i 'm under attack '' .  long did not address specifics of allegations contained in suits .  he has preached passionately against homosexuality and gay marriag .
 transition from autocratic rule in libya a challenge <sec> the ntc is trying to minimize revenge killings , a libyan dissident says .  libya 's rebel government : it will take 18 to 20 months to create a political framework .  several entities will have influence in a post-gadhafi world , an analyst says .  the council 's chairman recently dismissed the rebels ' executive boar .
 'you ca n't take that bullet back ' : pistorius case reminiscent of star rugby player 's <sec> rudi visagie had represented south africa in a series of international rugby games .  in 2004 , he killed his daughter after mistaking her for a burglar .  `` you are in the situation . .  you ca n't take it back , '' he say .
 egypt : 25 soldiers killed in sinai peninsula ambush <sec> new : the muslim brotherhood condemns the attack on the egyptian soldiers .  egypt closes the rafah border crossing to gaza in light of the attack .  at least two other soldiers are injured in the vehicle attack .  the attackers were armed with rocket-propelled grenades , state-run tv say .
 mercedes pair lewis hamilton and nico rosberg echo senna and prost rivalry <sec> lewis hamilton and nico rosberg 's fight for 2014 f1 title echoes senna-prost rivalry .  ayrton senna and alain prost 's title fights for mclaren in 1988 and 1989 were famously fierce .  mercedes say its policy is to let both drivers race -- but the team must come first .  hamilton says he and rosberg are `` still friends '' after the pair fell out at monaco grand pri .
 what happened to 'baby gabriel ' ? trial may provide answers <sec> the then-8-month-old known as `` baby gabriel '' disappeared in 2009 .  the boy is still missing ; his mother faces kidnapping and child abuse charges .  she sends the boy 's father a series of spiteful texts saying she killed him .  she later recants her statement .
 four suspects arrested in rape case , libyan officials say <sec> libyan officials say women were kidnapped while on way to airport .  armed men in military uniforms stopped a bus , kidnapped the women .  government blames `` outlaws , '' promises swift justice .  four of five suspects have been arrested , authorities sa .
 clooney returns from darfur , on a quest for peace <sec> cnn 's larry king talks with george clooney about his trip to see darfur refugees .  clooney meets with vice president joe biden , urges aggressive u.s. diplomacy .  actor on darfur refugees : `` they 're hanging on by a thread '' .  clooney says he 'll be back on `` e.r . '' .  for final episode of long-running serie .
 lebanon claims arrest of jihadist group 's saudi chief <sec> saudi national majed al-majed is thought to be head of the jihadist abdullah azzam brigades .  his identity has been confirmed by dna tests , the lebanese army says .  he has been on saudi arabia 's most wanted list since 2009 , the army says .  the sunni jihadist group has claimed attacks in lebanon , egypt and jorda .
 human remains sent to schools in canada <sec> new : the packages contained what appeared to be a human hand and foot .  new : there 's no indication the remains are connected to the case of luka rocco magnotta .  magnotta is accused of killing and dismembering a man and mailing body parts to politicians .  he was arrested by berlin police on monday after an international manhun .
 12/13/14 : babies get numerically special birthdays <sec> victoria marie jones was born in arizona at 10:11 a.m. on 12/13/14 .  at least three other babies were born at 10:11 across the u.s . .  another baby was born at 3:16 p.m. , or 12/13/14 at 15:16 in military tim .
 perez molina wins guatemalan presidential election <sec> president-elect : `` we have a big responsibility not to fail the guatemalans '' .  guatemala city resident : `` i am very happy because we are going to have a change '' .  retired gen. perez molina garners more than 53 % of the vote .  security issues loomed large during the campaig .
 mexican election could mean drug war strategy shift , u.s. officials say <sec> deadly drug war among top issues as mexican presidential hopefuls suggest new strategies .  some u.s. lawmakers fear cross-border cooperation could wane after july 1 vote .  what 's new : three leading candidates are committed to working with u.s. , analysts sa .
 opinion : gold comes from neutron stars <sec> new studies suggest gold could be created in the collision of two neutron stars .  meg urry : most elements were made by nuclear fusion inside a star , but not precious metals .  she says the next time you wear gold , remember that it came from deep in spac .
 defense expert : promoter did n't pressure michael jackson 's doctor <sec> jackson lawyers contend aeg live pressured dr. murray to get the singer to rehearsals .  an aeg live expert testifies murray was independent of the concert promoter .  a jackson expert concluded murray had a conflict of interest as jackson 's physician .  jackson 's mother and children are suing the concert promoter in the pop icon 's deat .
 saudi woman activist demands right to travel <sec> wajeha al-huwaider says saudi guardianship system is too restrictive for women .  activist says arab nation must respect women more or lose them for good .  women are not allowed to vote or drive in saudi arabia .  al-huwaider urges women to attempt to cross border to highlight restriction .
 france signs same-sex marriage bill into law <sec> couple plans first such ceremony .  france is the ninth country in europe to allow same-sex marriage .  conservatives and the catholic church in france opposed the move .  12 u.s. states and the district of columbia have legalized same-sex marriag .
 dennis rodman appears to bow , sings 'happy birthday ' to n. korea 's kim <sec> dennis rodman leads a `` happy birthday '' singalong with crowds at a pyongyang stadium .  his `` basketball diplomacy '' team loses to north korean squad , state media reports .  `` it was , as you might imagine , a bizarre and unusual occasion , '' a tour leader says .  rodman angered many tuesday by implying that a u.s. man held in north korea is guilt .
 rosie o'donnell : 'my gaydar was way off ' wth michelle rounds <sec> o'donnell recently said she 's in love .  o'donnell was attracted to rounds the moment she saw her in a starbucks .  her new nightly talk show , `` the rosie show , '' debuts monday on the own networ .
 republicans walk a fine line on sotomayor <sec> president obama nominates judge sonia sotomayor to supreme court .  sotomayor , 54 , of puerto rican descent , would be first hispanic on court .  rush limbaugh wants sotomayor to `` fail '' ; analyst praises her qualifications .  potential gop 2012 nominees harsh ; gop head warns about being `` seen as a bully .
 sri lankan muslims fearful after buddhist mob violence <sec> muslims in sri lanka are fearful after a wave of deadly violence by buddhist mobs sunday .  a hardline buddhist nationalist group led by monks is accused of inciting the crowds at a rally .  the accused group , bodu bala sena , denies any responsibility for the violence .  a moderate monk who urged interfaith harmony has been abducted and assaulted , police sa .
 a timeline of events in rodney king 's life <sec> rodney king was found dead in his swimming pool sunday .  the acquittal of officers in his beating sparked 1992 riots in los angeles .  king was awarded $ 3.8 million in his suit against the cit .
 after the mandate , government-run health care would grow <sec> the u.s. supreme court may strike down the mandate to buy health insurance .  david frum says elimination of mandate would spur more government-funded health care .  without private insurance , more people will look to get medicaid coverage , he says .  frum : the court 's free-market boosters could spark huge government expansio .
 world cup : fifa embroiled in civil war <sec> qatar and russia cleared of corruption allegations by fifa .  fbi pursuing corruption probe .  michael garcia to appeal to fifa .  probe into bidding process now close .
 hamilton to return to britain to watch disabled brother in first race <sec> lewis hamilton will fly back to britain to watch his brother compete for the first time .  nicolas , who has cerebral palsy , set to take part in renault clio cup on april 2 .  2008 f1 champion is in malaysia preparing for the second grand prix of the season .  british driver has described his disabled brother is his biggest inspiratio .
 isaf sergeant : 5 afghan policemen killed in u.s. airstrike <sec> deaths of police officers are being investigated , isaf public information officer tells cnn .  the strike occurred amid a joint operation , he said .  dean would not give more details .  the international security force is a nato-led mission in afghanista .
 roberts on gitmo : 'i will shut down the senate ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the white house is reportedly considering ways to close guantanamo bay . .  sen. pat roberts says he 'll `` shut down the senate '' if president obama makes such a move . .  house speaker john boehner said obama is willing to `` unilaterally rewrite the law '' .
 air force nuclear unit fails inspection <sec> unit at wyoming base fails to document missile handling , air force officials say .  the 90th missile wing has 90 days to make corrections .  no risk to minuteman iii nuclear missiles , officials sa .
 cables point to german-french battle over satellite technology <sec> cables show tensions between france and germany .  cables were obtained by wikileaks and published by a norwegian newspaper .  cables indicate germans wanted u.s. partnership for satellite projec .
 russian tourist fined $ 24,000 for colosseum graffiti <sec> russian charged with `` aggravated damage '' after scrawling `` k '' on a wall in colosseum .  four-month suspended sentence also handed down for vandalism .  staff at ancient monument say the damage has hurt conservation effort .
 child falling from window saved by stranger , box spring mattress <sec> witnesses see a child dangling from a third-story window in burbank .  a box spring mattress is put under the window .  a stranger catches the youngster , falls back onto the mattress .  man who says he caught the child : `` it feels like i watched a tv show .
 pope francis ' easter message : end violence , oppression <sec> the pontiff laments the suffering of people in conflicts currently making headlines .  foremost , he asks that bloodshed end in iraq and syri .
 walter reed official accused of falsifying military record <sec> medical brigade 's senior enlisted officer claims to have attended several educational courses .  sgt . .  maj. stoney crump may face court martial .  crump is also charged with wearing as many as 15 service ribbons he is n't entitled to wea .
 lee kuan yew : lessons for leaders <sec> in singapore , lee kuan yew had remarkable success in creating a prosperous modern state .  his lessons should prove instructive to other leaders in a time of great instability , writes graham allison .  lee passed on his insights on the role of government leadership in development to alliso .
 dealing with difficult co-workers <sec> the talker just wo n't shut up ; engages in long , one-sided conversations .  the kiss-up craves approval mostly from the boss .  the tmi has no boundaries and no shame the gossip will share any and every story -- as long as it 's not their .
 detroit mayor calls fires 'natural disaster , ' defends response <sec> he defends fire department response , staffing .  the fire department responded to 140 calls for wires down .  85 fires were reported across detroit over a four-hour perio .
 opinion : u.k. press and state collide in case of reporter 's partner <sec> richard sambrook : uk journalism under siege with detention of greenwald 's partner .  sambrook : a middle ground exists between the state as despot or defender of citizenry .  he says terrorism laws should not be used to bully reporters , as they were in this case .  sambrook : issue is the scope of security operations in a modern liberal democrac .
 'massacre ' alleged as syria slams outside 'interference ' <sec> new : at least 183 people were killed monday , an opposition group says .  iran 's foreign minister says calls for al-assad 's ouster are an interference .  iraq 's foreign minister says iran 's planes bound for syria will undergo random inspections .  the opposition group puts the human toll in the 19-month crisis at around 28,00 .
 obama to announce immigration action thursday - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama will announce an overhaul of immigration rules during a thursday night address .  obama will follow the announcement with a speech detailing his plan friday in las vegas .  obama invited top democratic lawmakers to the white house for a wednesday night dinner .  republicans have warned that obama 's executive order could stall all legislative wor .
 united plans to resume 787 service in may <sec> united airlines is only u.s. carrier that flies the 787 ; 50 in service worldwide .  the 787 was grounded in january after two battery fires in boston and japan .  the federal aviation administration must still sign off on boeing 's battery redesig .
 grandpa dropped 58 pounds in mississippi challenge <sec> larry smith dropped 58 pounds in 12 weeks and explains how he did it .  `` i was on the path to not living old and this bothered me , '' he said .  smith : exercise and a healthy diet are both key to losing weigh .
 despite its size , globemaster proves a nimble bird <sec> u.s. air force 's pacific crew go through their paces in the c-17a .  crew recently used sharp maneuvering to escape enemy fire in afghanistan .  less hazardous missions have included transporting a killer whal .
 pennsylvania 's demographics could usher clinton to a win <sec> sen hillary clinton banking on win in pennsylvania , where governor backs her .  columnist : sen. barack obama can win only by capturing `` imagination of new voters '' .  official : majority of voters on the state rolls are registered as democrat .
 north korea issues threat to u.s. military <sec> the message was delivered over the phone in english , reports say .  such threat happen routinely before u.s.-south korean exercises .  the exercises come in the wake of a recent nuclear test in north korea .  south korea 's military is already in a state of heightened aler .
 researchers list top 10 airports for spreading disease <sec> the list measures how likely airports are to spread diseases in an outbreak .  researchers looked at the airports ' locations , connections and waiting times .  honolulu ranked third on the list , above busier airports like atlant .
 archeologists unearth 'lost ' mini roman coliseum <sec> archeologists are excavating site in fumicino , italy , just outside rome .  this summer found remains of amphitheater , warehouse , imperial palace .  rodolfo lanciani reported discovery of theater in 1860 but no one could find it .  finely carved fragments , white marble head of a statue also found at sit .
 cleveland man indicted on 329 counts in captive women case <sec> attorneys for three kidnapped women have `` confidence and faith '' in prosecution .  indictment lists use of chains , tape , vacuum cord against women .  castro also faces 139 counts of rape , 177 counts of kidnapping , one aggravated murder charge .  a prosecutor 's committee will later consider whether seeking death penalty is appropriat .
 taylor swift music streaming on new jay z site <sec> swift pulled her music from spotify last year .  jay z bid more than $ 56 million for the streaming site .  it 's being billed as a high end streaming repor .
 green beret says he did n't know explosives were in bag , complaint says <sec> man in texas says he did n't know the c-4 was in his carry-on , a criminal complaint says .  the bag also contained children 's items , investigators say .  the green beret was stopped earlier in his trip for a smoke grenade , court documents sa .
 scotland confirms case of ebola <sec> new : the patient was working with save the children in sierra leone .  the patient flew via casablanca and heathrow into glasgow ; risk to others called `` extremely low '' .  the health care worker will be moved to a london hospita .
 obama and brazil 's president discuss trade , energy <sec> new : brazil 's president calls for a balanced u.s. economic approach .  new : the two leaders discuss cooperation in oil and biofuel development .  two-way trade between brazil and the united states totaled $ 74 billion in 2011 .  brazil is the world 's sixth-largest econom .
 former israeli president to face rape charges , officials say <sec> justice ministry : moshe katsav will be indicted on rape , sexual assault charges .  katsav to face obstruction of justice charge , attorney general menachem mazuz says .  katsav , of the center-right likud party , was president from 2000 to 200 .
 what women want : hotels look to cater for more female business travelers <sec> women make up nearly half of all business travelers .  maiden-voyage.com set up to connect women on the road and rate services .  hotel chains looking to improve what they offer to women .  female-only floors becoming less popula .
 nigeria oil company rejects damning amnesty report <sec> amnesty : oil industry in niger delta creating `` human rights tragedy '' .  people living in niger delta have to drink , cook , wash in polluted water , it says .  nigeria 's state oil company : local communities causing much of the damage .  niger delta a region in nigeria consisting of nine oil-producing state .
 is underage drinking ever ok ? <sec> some parents wonder if giving kids a taste of alcohol would demystify it or be irresponsible .  no amount of alcohol is ok for children , u.s. government agencies say .  2000 college students die from alcohol-related injuries each year , government say .
 what you may not know about conventions past and present <sec> 1984 - the first time a woman was named to a major party ticket .  1972- tv 's 'archie bunker ' receives a single vote for vice president .  1924 - the first time conventions were covered by radio ; for television , it was 1948 .  2000 - the long smooch al gore gave his then-wife , tippe .
 u.s. coast guard helicopter crash kills three <sec> helicopter crashed near james island off la push , washington .  one survivor hospitalized with non-life threatening injuries .  helicopter is in water , power lines it hit are down at beac .
 source : michelle knight was cleveland suspect 's main 'punching bag ' <sec> new : `` they 're the true heroes here , '' officer says about kidnapped women .  knight said she became pregnant at least five times while held captive .  ariel castro starved and punched her until she miscarried , she told investigators .  castro intends to plead not guilty , his attorneys tell cnn affiliate wky .
 al-shabaab calls for attacks on uk , u.s. malls <sec> despite security concerns , shoppers pack mall of america , cnn affiliate reports .  fbi and homeland security bulletin says no sign of ongoing plot in the united states .  the al-shabaab video message could inspire lone wolf attacks , officials war .
 report : 27 % of flight attendants sexually harassed <sec> hong kong flight attendants alliance sent survey to its 9,000 members .  sexual harassment mostly manifested in form of unwanted physical contact .  about 59 % of the sexual harassment came from customers , about 41 % from fellow workers .  in hong kong , no legal provision protects airlines against sexual harassment by customer .
