 a nude sculpture so small it 's 'walking on hair ' <sec> london-based artist jonty hurwitz creates sculptures that are smaller than a human hair .  they 're made using ultraviolet light and resin , and then photographed with an electron microscop .
 justices debate ot pay for workplace screenings <sec> supreme court justices take up much-watched wages case .  it 's over whether workers should be paid for after-shift screenings .  company : no ot for activities not related to core employment .  labor groups say workers should be compensate .
 u.s. holds on to some detainees during handover of prison to afghan control <sec> new : u.s. defense secretary , afghan president talk by phone about controversy .  the united states handed over a prison at bagram air base , a spokesman says .  the u.s. military is temporarily halting the handover of a number of detainees .  `` we have paused the transfer of the remaining detainees , '' a spokesman say .
 georgia capitol officer wounded in shooting <sec> new : three suspects , one of them wounded , are in custody .  officer wounded while looking into stolen motorcycles report .  the georgia capitol police officer was grazed in the shootin .
 why obama vs. romney is becoming a dogfight <sec> david frum : romney has been criticized over transporting his dog on car roof .  now some are making an issue of president obama eating dog meat as a child .  frum says these ridiculous charges are a sign of the candidates ' weakness .  he says each side is trying to energize a disillusioned bas .
 explosive found in parcel at greek embassy in rome <sec> new : police chief says only greek embassy parcel contained an explosive .  chief : `` the alarm system has worked '' .  an anarchist group claims responsibility for the bombings at the swiss , chilean embassies .  a greek official disputes an italian minister 's claim that the bombs originated in greec .
 europe 's populist parties feed off growing sense of crisis <sec> populist movements in europe have a large online following .  supporters rail against multiculturalism and islamic extremism .  some parties compete in elections with growing succes .
 barca back on top after ending real 's winning streak <sec> barcelona claim top spot in spain with 3-1 win away to real madrid .  karim benzema had put the home side ahead after only 23 seconds .  real had won 15 successive matches in all competitions , but have game in hand .  third-placed valencia concede two late goals in a 2-1 defeat by real beti .
 obama pushes congress on initiatives for middle class <sec> obama celebrates payroll tax cut , urges congress to pass other domestic initiatives .  obama says he is prepared to move ahead with or without congress .  the payroll tax cut extension passed congress last week .  the tax break is worth about $ 83 a month for someone making $ 50,000 a yea .
 ex-intelligence chief shot dead hours after guinea bissau elections <sec> djalo was shot seven times , officials say .  elections are held without incident .  the results will be announced in about a wee .
 adele to perform 'skyfall ' theme at academy awards <sec> adele 's bond theme appears to be the front runner for an original song oscar .  producers have confirmed that she will perform .  oscars ceremony will feature a special bond tribut .
 lawyer : 'baby doc ' duvalier plans to stay in haiti <sec> new : duvalier waves to supporters waiting outside his hotel .  the former dictator would fight formal charges and could return to politics , the lawyer says .  duvalier has been accused of financial wrongdoing and human rights abuses .  a judge must now decide whether there is merit in the accusation .
 rwandan genocide survivor finds solace in gacacas <sec> hearings held in open fields in neighborhoods where the attacks occurred . .  hearings have tried about 1.5 million cases since they started .  victims of 1994 genocide were mostly from the tutsi ethnic minority .  gacacas originally formed to resolve minor disputes among villager .
 netanyahu does n't deny scolding kerry <sec> ap report said benjamin netanyahu had warned john kerry on second-guessing him .  netanyahu does n't deny it , but says the report missed the general `` tone '' of the calls .  `` i think the united states has been terrific , '' netanyahu adds .  sources say the obama and netanyahu administrations are at odds over gaz .
 civil unions debate rages in colorado <sec> a house committee vote kills the civil unions bill for this year in colorado .  `` we will keep fighting to equality and # civilunions , '' the sponsor tweets .  democrats are using civil unions as an election issue , the republican house speaker says .  five states allow civil unions , a legal status short of marriage , for same-sex couple .
 taliban : all local leaders must quit <sec> taliban spokesman threaten pakistan 's ruling political class .  muslim khan says leaders from swat valley must resign within three days .  meanwhile artillery and helicopters pound taliban targets in swat valley .  taliban attack nato supply terminals , torch at least 10 supply truck .
 chinese star li na faces clijsters in australian open final <sec> li na goes one better than last year by reaching the final of the australian open .  chinese ninth seed saves match-point to upset world no . .  1 caroline wozniacki .  the 28-year-old will play u.s. open champion kim clijsters in saturday 's title match .  clijsters will move up to second in world rankings after beating vera zvonarev .
 missouri court rules immigrant 's adoption rights terminated illegally <sec> encarnacion bail romero was in prison when her son was put up for adoption .  missouri 's supreme court sends the case back for a retrial .  the state failed to comply `` with the investigation and reporting requirements , '' the court say .
 iran hangs dutch-iranian woman for drug smuggling , report says <sec> new : the netherlands vows to discuss possible eu measures against iran monday .  authorities say zahra bahrami smuggled cocaine into the country .  human rights campaigners say she was originally charged with security offenses .  her lawyer is `` shocked '' by the executio .
 nsa : some used spying power to snoop on lovers - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the agency found at least 12 cases of misuse .  the nsa has been under fire after the leak of information by a former contractor .  a senator had asked the nsa to detail any abuse of its system .
 many bird populations in trouble , report says <sec> report : bird populations native to several areas of the globe are in decline .  some species are teetering on the brink of extinction , report says .  of the 800-plus species of birds in the u.s. , 67 are endangered or threatened .  causes cited are agriculture , climate change , development and invasive specie .
 cnn student news - april 1 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 aid agencies warn of crisis amid yemen fighting <sec> aid agencies warn of humanitarian crisis amid yemen fighting .  more than 100,000 people displaced by conflict in country 's northwest .  yemen government and houthi rebels in intermittent conflict since 200 .
 opinion : what 's wrong with 'black jesus ' ? <sec> jay parini : trailer for new tv show `` black jesus '' drawing ire of conservative christian group .  it shows guy who lives in california , says he 's jesus , is black , consorts with rough sorts .  parini : criticism seems misplaced ; jesus ' image as man-of-people runs through bible .  parini : jesus i know , love was something of a party animal . .  he can survive `` black jesus .
 obama 's last-minute decision to seek congressional ok for syria strike <sec> kerry has `` no concerns '' about the obama decision .  obama finalized his decision at a meeting of top intelligence officials saturday morning .  joint chiefs chairman told obama waiting for approval would n't jeopardize action .  legislative aide questions the white house 's confidence in the outcome of any vot .
 lewandowski on the mark as dortmund win ; fan less monaco draw bland <sec> borussia dortmund beat werder bremen 1-0 in bundesliga .  robert lewandowski with the opener at signal iduna park .  monaco held goalless at home to toulouse .  ordered to play the match behind closed doors as punishmen .
 dear chicago , we love you despite it all <sec> cnn asks readers to share what they love about chicago .  `` chicago is the world in one place , '' says reynaldo leal . .  `` chicago does n't just reside in our heart -- it is our heart , '' says farhaj hassan .  `` chicagoland '' airs thursday nights at 10 p.m . .  et on cn .
 world cup : capturing the moment <sec> photo of pele 's 1970 meeting with bobby moore captures football legends .  shot of ronaldo tumbling at 1998 world cup sums up brazilian 's problems .  sports photography is moving into a new hi-tech ag .
 soccer legend pele out of intensive care <sec> pele was hospitalized in sao paolo for a urinary tract infection .  he tells his fans not to worry , and that he 's ok .  pele is one of the best known names in all of sports .  he began his soccer career in the late 1950 .
 faces ' keyboardist ian mclagan dead at 69 <sec> ian mclagan was a rock and roll hall of fame keyboardist .  he was part of the small faces and the faces , later a noted session man .  he played on albums by the rolling stones , lucinda williams , bruce springstee .
 10 top augmented reality travel apps <sec> augmented reality allows you to lay digital worlds over the top of the real world .  data on hotels , restaurants , landmarks and even menu translations is at your fingertips .  wikitude was voted the best augmented reality browser of 201 .
 japan says it will shoot down n. korea rocket over territory <sec> north korea says it plans to launch a rocket carrying a satellite next month .  other countries say the move is a cover for a ballistic missile test .  japan says it will shoot down any part of the rocket that enters its territor .
 midwest braces for more storms after 4,300 cars pounded by hail <sec> new : 4,300 vehicles damaged at auto dealership in blair , nebraska .  new : company officials estimate damages at $ 162 million .  tornadoes , hail and fierce winds are possible in parts of the midwest on wednesday .  12 possible tornadoes were reported across several state .
 texas boy , 7 , gunned down while visiting his father in mexico , officials say <sec> new : raul xazziel ramirez was just three weeks shy of his eighth birthday , records show .  ramirez was killed friday along with his father in ciudad juarez . .  the boy managed to escape the vehicle but was shot in the back , police say .  more than 2,200 slain this year in juarez ; ramirez was not the younges .
 obama proposes larger oil cleanup fund , tax on oil companies <sec> new : obama also says u.s. will seek full compensation for all damages from bp .  `` top-hat '' containment device reaches gulf floor .  new device would allow engineers to pump in methanol and keep hydrates from forming .  interior secretary : success of latest attempt could be known in next few day .
 photos : saving kids behind bars <sec> pushpa basnet supports kids in nepal so they do n't have to live behind bars with their parents .  basnet was revealed sunday night as the 2012 cnn hero of the year .  catch the show again saturday at 8 p.m. and 11 p.m. e .
 inspector general hotline reports include allegations of secret service misconduct <sec> logs of reports to inspector general 's hotline are made public .  among the reports are allegations of misconduct by secret service personnel .  those reports make up only a small portion of the eight years of records , officials say .  the logs were released as part of a foia request over the secret service scandal in colombi .
 transitions leader harrington happy to play with tiger at augusta <sec> padraig harrington says he would be happy to partner tiger woods at the masters .  disgraced former world no . .  1 woods will return to golf at augusta next month .  harrington says he would be comfortable with the prospect of such a pairing at that venue .  irishman shoots his best score of this year to take halfway lead in florida tournamen .
 w.r. grace acquitted in montana asbestos case <sec> jury acquits w.r. grace , three former execs in asbestos exposure case .  chemical company accused of hiding asbestos dangers from employees , residents .  prosecutors claim pollution left 200 dead , more than 1,000 sick .  w.r. grace claims it took steps to mitigate danger , paid residents ' medical bill .
 islamic center developer says no move planned , for now <sec> daisy khan and her husband are developing the controversial islamic center .  the planned facility would be two blocks from ground zero in new york city .  khan says it will be modeled after the city 's jewish community cente .
 kerry defends bergdahl-for-taliban exchange <sec> new : taliban source : bergdahl did not convert to islam , learned to speak pashto .  new : law enforcement official : threats to bergdahl family came via e-mail .  john kerry says released taliban figures will be monitored .  if they turn to violent ways , they could die violent deaths , he say .
 winner -- or winners -- of $ 319 million jackpot still a mystery <sec> officials wo n't confirm report that seven state employees hold the winning ticket .  the ticket was bought at a store in albany , new york .  it 's the single largest winning ticket for mega millions sold in the stat .
 how 'soldier prince ' harry tore up royal rule book <sec> prince harry different to other royals , says veteran snapper arthur edwards .  cnn 's max foster says with harry , anything can happen .  harry 's recent caribbean tour seen as a milestone in his public role .  prince 's priority remains military career and possible redeployment to afghanista .
 opinion : why domestic violence is never a private issue <sec> sandra horley is chief executive of refuge , domestic violence service provider in uk .  domestic abuse has often been seen as a private matter , says horley .  she says abuse often occurs in public situations and bystanders do nothin .
 syndicated radio host kidd kraddick dies <sec> he was at a charity golf tournament in new orleans .  his management company has not disclosed a cause of death .  his show aired in nearly 100 cities .  his charity sends chronic and terminally ill children to disney worl .
 fertility treatments linked to certain birth defects <sec> cdc : babies born via fertility treatments are at higher risk of certain birth defects .  septal heart defects , cleft palate and two gi defects are two to four times more likely .  absolute risk of birth defects is still low .  assisted reproduction rising , with such birth rates doubling between 1996 and 200 .
 barcelona 's title hopes dented by shock defeat at valladolid <sec> barcelona beaten 1-0 at valladolid .  third defeat in seven la liga games .  fausto rossi scores only goal after 17 minutes .  bayern munich crush wolfsburg 6-1 in bundeslig .
 babies caught as thailand tightens surrogacy laws <sec> 400 couples worldwide worried for surrogate babies in thailand .  thai cabinet approved draft laws to criminalize commercial surrogacy .  raids exposed extremes of the industry , a man suspected of fathering 12 babies .  intending parents have been stopped at bangkok airport by immigration official .
 u.s. wants to extend time it can hold surveillance data <sec> the obama administration is asking a secret court to extend five-year limit .  the justice department says litigation requires that records be preserved longer .  edward snowden leaks publicized sweeping u.s. surveillance of phone dat .
 cnn student news transcript : january 18 , 2008 <sec> hear about the `` r '' word , and see how a possible recession could be fought .  learn why a florida family is balking at a statewide baseball rule .  consider what it would be like to have a national anthem without lyric .
 dozens detained in turkish graft probe <sec> analysts say the detentions show rift within erdogan 's party .  ministers ' sons , a bank president , bureaucrats caught up in the sweep .  erdogan : those supported by `` dark circles '' can not change direction of turke .
 rebels say time running out for gadhafi as crisis mounts in tripoli <sec> opposition member : `` i think this thug , this killer knows that he has no where to go '' .  60 % of tripoli is without water or sanitation , the u.n. secretary-general says .  report : a teen says he saw moammar gadhafi on friday in tripoli .  rebels set a saturday deadline for gadhafi loyalists to surrende .
 ben folds goes back to school <sec> ben folds ' new album consists of a cappella groups doing folds songs .  versatile pianist and songwriter best known for hit `` brick '' .  folds put out fake version of 2008 album as jok .
 aging workforce means dementia on the job could rise <sec> short-term memory loss is the hallmark early symptom of alzheimer 's .  the ssa approved benefits for people who have been diagnosed with alzheimer 's .  these signs often become noticeable in the workplace before anywhere els .
 five dead after car crashes off end of private airstrip <sec> the car was driving on a runway at 3:45 a.m. when the driver hit the brakes .  the 2008 bmw flew through the air for 200 feet and struck an oak tree .  all of the victims were declared dead at the scene .  the car was split in two by the force of the cras .
 stephen collins ' wife says there 's no extortion attempt <sec> new : faye grant says she wants her fair share of the divorce settlement .  stephen collins is the subject of child molestation allegations .  police say one new york case has passed the statute of limitations .  there 've been no statements from collins ' representative .
 wayne rooney sparks manchester united comeback at hull <sec> manchester united beats hull 3-2 for a fifth straight win in all competitions .  united trailed 2-0 within 13 minutes before wayne rooney sparks a comeback .  rooney sets up one goal , scores another and played a part in united 's winner .  it was only the second home defeat of the season for steve bruce 's hul .
 suspected tornadoes , storms sweep south ; at least 4 dead <sec> new : three people are killed in south carolina .  new : authorities `` not sure if the number is going to rise '' .  one person is killed in georgia , authorities say , and four are injured in mississippi .  tornadoes are suspected in at least two louisiana parishe .
 luxury hotels pry open oman 's green mountain oasis <sec> oman is looking to open up its interior to tourists .  a number of luxury resorts have been opened or are in the works near jabal akhdar .  western resort brands are among those interested in investin .
 crawling in a 'polio-free ' country <sec> in march of last year , it was announced that polio had been eradicated in india .  photographer elena del estal could n't help but wonder about those already living with the diseas .
 text messages of engineer in deadly train wreck detailed <sec> ntsb : train engineer missed stop signal just before crash .  september crash in california killed 25 , injured 101 .  railroad rules prohibit cell phone use ; federal regulations do n't .  engineer planned to let friend operate train , records indicat .
 bayern munich crowned bundesliga champions <sec> bayern munich clinch the bundesliga title for a record 22nd time .  crowned champions thanks to a 3-1 win over relegated hertha berlin .  arjen robben scores a brace to cap a great season with the club .  club chasing unprecedented treble of league , domestic cup and european cup title .
 uae unhappy with release of alleged israeli agent <sec> united arab emirates concerned about release of alleged agent .  poland extradited him to germany on the forgery charges .  he was released on bail and can return to israel .  fake passports were used by many of the suspects in the killing of a hamas leade .
 pip breast implants do not cause cancer , uk rules <sec> new : british plastic surgeons say all women with pip implants should be offered their removal .  the implants are `` clearly substandard , '' but do not pose a health risk , british authorities say .  an estimated 300,000 women around the world have the implants .  france is paying for women to have them removed , while they were not approved in the u.s .
