 floodwaters rise in northern plains ; crews restore power in northeast <sec> new : river rises 12 feet above flood stage at fargo , north dakota .  new : about 300 workers scurry to fill 1 million sandbags to hold off waters .  red river expected to peak at 38 feet this weekend .  about 125,000 customers in new york , new jersey , connecticut still without powe .
 u.n. syria envoy : 'i am not a quitter ' <sec> new : doctors without borders says most international aid goes to government-held areas .  `` they have got to grapple with this problem now , '' brahimi says of security council .  110,000 more refugees registered with the united nations in january .  jordan , turkey and lebanon have the highest number of syrians who have fle .
 grief on the reef <sec> conservationists predict 70 percent of all coral reefs will go within 50 years .  mexico 's meso american barrier reef stretches over 1000 kilometers .  the reef is at risk from overfishing , unsustainable tourism and pollution .  an increase in storms , blamed on climate change , is also harming the cora .
 paul ryan 's gen x sensibilities an asset <sec> paul ryan is the first member of gen x named to top of a major party ticket .  he came of age during an economic recession and the dot-com boom and bust .  his views on economy and social policy have gen x influences , political experts say .  ryan 's relative youth helps romney 's appea .
 madoff investor drowns in florida pool <sec> jeffry picower , 67 , found unconscious in his pool in his palm beach , florida .  picower invested with madoff , who was convicted in ponzi scheme .  his foundation announced it was shutting down early this year because of madoff losse .
 afghan woman whose nose , ears cut off travels to u.s . <sec> the afghan woman whose ears and nose were cut off is heading to the u.s . .  she 's planning on reconstructive surgery in california .  some look to bibi aisha to help show the plight of women under the taliba .
 ebola fears spark backlash against latino immigrants <sec> conservatives claim latino immigrants can carry ebola .  health experts say those accusations are overstated .  several republican candidates suggest the u.s. should seal the border with mexic .
 tv 'mad men ' real ? i do n't think so <sec> george lois , renowned adman , says `` mad men '' is nothing like ad world of '60s .  he says the show is riddled with incorrect stereotypes : rampant drinking , adultery , carousing .  he says real `` mad men '' hardworking rule-breakers , expressing roiling counterculture .  lois : yes , show is drama , not documentary , but for the record , real mad men were nothing like i .
 bieber house guest lil za goes to court ; no plea deal yet <sec> a prosecutor reduces vandalism charge filed after a phone was pulled from a jail wall .  lil za was arrested on felony drug charges during a search of justin bieber 's house .  prosecutor still considering if bieber will face a felony for egging a neighbor .  the rapper 's lawyer is shawn holley , who also defends biebe .
 'most-wanted ' arms dealer arrested in thailand <sec> new : the united states wants viktor bout extradited from thailand .  bout , associate are accused of conspiring to sell weapons to colombian rebels .  british officials say bout shipped arms to the taliban and al qaeda .  russian is said to have inspired nicolas cage role in movie `` lord of war .
 semisecret british terror trial , take two <sec> erol incedal was convicted last year of having bomb-making instructions .  a jury deadlocked on a more serious charge of plotting terrorism .  incedal denies the charge .
 u.n. observers in syria come under fire as crisis boils <sec> u.n. observers visiting village of qubeir , west of hama , are shot at by small arms .  dozens of people , including women and children , reportedly were killed in qubeir .  u.s. secretary of state says the world community must unite around a transition plan .  russia , china and four allies sign a statement opposing outside intervention in syri .
 summer tv shows not so hot for critics , bloggers <sec> summer seen as wasteland on broadcast tv for some critics and bloggers .  networks often run repeats and launch reality shows during summertime .  cable stations offer destination viewing for new , hot shows .  blogger says `` you are really scraping the bottom of the barrel '' for show .
 cnn student news - september 16 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 germ fighting tips for a healthy baby <sec> disinfect bath toys frequently or avoid buying ones that collect water and breed mold .  but for the love of germ prevention , keep the smooches away from your baby .  the aap does not recommend pets for families with children under the age of .
 nancy reagan falls , fractures pelvis <sec> new : nancy reagan reported `` in good spirits '' at hospital .  former first lady , 87 , falls at her california home , breaks pelvis .  nancy reagan being treated at ronald reagan ucla medical cente .
 toddler gets new windpipe from her own stem cells <sec> hannah warren spent the first two years of her life in the intensive care unit .  a month after her windpipe transplant , the toddler is mostly breathing on her own .  warren was the youngest and first to receive this transplant in the united state .
 pakistani officials : suspected u.s. drone strikes kills 21 militants <sec> new : the suspected drone strike hits a vehicle and two hideouts in pakistan 's south waziristan .  the u.s. does not comment on suspected drone strikes .  monday 's attack brings to 29 the number of drone strikes reported this year .  the u.s. contends insurgents are crossing into afghanistan from the regio .
 sketches released in texas church fires probe <sec> sketches of three people released by atf .  no clear theme linking fires , which have struck churches of different denominations .  patrols , by both police and residents , have been stepped up near east texas churche .
 afghan blast death toll reaches 75 <sec> death toll from tuesday 's sugar factory bomb blast in afghanistan reaches 75 .  dead included 59 schoolchildren ; 93 schoolchildren also injured in blast .  attack was deadliest-ever suicide attack since fall of taliban in 200 .
 shame of mandatory minimums shows in marissa alexander case <sec> roland martin : marissa alexander a victim of mandatory minimums .  alexander , who fired a gun into a wall , has been sentenced to 20 years .  martin says laws that prevent leeway in sentencing should be abolishe .
 what surgery will look like in the future <sec> a new exhibition is demonstrating how robotics have revolutionized surgery .  the `` da vinci '' system became the first widespread robotic surgery tool .  `` micro machines are basically one of the holy grails , '' says mike rusti .
 adele 's well and grammy bound , singer tweets <sec> adele tweets `` it 's been so long i started to forget i was a singer ! '' .  the february 12 grammy show will be adele 's first performance since vocal cord surgery .  the british songstress is nominated for six grammys .  adele has two grammys alread .
 opinion : me , my selfie and i <sec> roy peter clark : the oxford english dictionary has named `` selfie '' `` word of the year '' .  he says word of year picks can sometimes be derided by word nerds .  he says selfies are fun , like photo booth picture strips ; they are like `` mini-me '' pictures .  clark : word captures our culture : technologically forward looking , self-obsesse .
 jack bauer trends on twitter after bin laden killing <sec> jack bauer was a big trending topic on twitter sunday in light of the bin laden news .  sutherland told the women of `` the view '' that the `` 24 '' movie will come out in 2012 .  the actor could be back on fox this fall in `` touch .
 torres insists he did n't put world cup before liverpool <sec> fernando torres insists he did n't put his country before his club .  torres has been ruled out for six weeks after an operation on his knee .  liverpool striker will miss rest of european season and faces battle for world cup fitnes .
 2 die after walkway collapses at shoe factory in cambodia <sec> new : the accident happened at a factory that makes shoes for a japanese company .  two people were killed and six injured after a concrete platform fell , police say .  the garment industry is in focus after a devastating building collapse in banglades .
 flooding kills 50 in burundi after torrential rains <sec> the central african country was hit by torrential rains sunday .  the storm caused flooding and landslides .  the government says 50 bodies have been identified , scores of people have been injured .  two days of national mourning have been declare .
 sharapova stunned at wimbledon <sec> maria sharapova crashes out of wimbledon at second round stage .  world no.3 beaten by portuguese qualifier michelle larcher de brito .  de brito ranked 131 in the world and has not progressed further than third round at grand sla .
 residential evacuations ordered in new southern california wildfire <sec> more personnel join fire effort .  15 homes damaged .  progress made against riverside county blaze ; conditions extremely dr .
 louvre hit by chinese counterfeit ticket scam <sec> chinese gangs may be behind forging of thousands of fake louvre passes .  one haul alone -- in belgium -- worth almost $ 200,000 .  france reportedly wary of diplomatic fallout .  chinese social media users `` embarrassed .
 nigeria 's military struggles with facts as well as violent insurgency <sec> ogunlesi : nigeria 's military has issued incorrect statements in fight against extremists .  often blame their inaccurate reporting on `` misleading sources , '' he says .  ogunlesi says the military may be trying to paint a constantly positive picture .  ogunlesi says it has had some successes in its five-year war with islamist extremist .
 blood , sweat and silk on the long road to paris fashion week <sec> young fashion designers from across the world are gathering in paris for the autumn-winter collection show . .  three start-up designers share their story about how did they make their own way in the capital of fashion .
 adventures in architecture at expo 2012 <sec> expo 2012 in south korea is site of cutting-edge experimental buildings .  korea pavilion is hi-tech and carbon-negative .  theme pavilion draws on concepts of biomimicry with ventilation 'gills ' .  architects of theme pavilion were not sure it could be buil .
 assou-ekotto : i say what i think ... if you do n't like it , i do n't care <sec> benoit assou-ekotto is a footballer who plays for tottenham hotspur in england .  born in france , he chose to represent the birth land of his father -- cameroon .  assou-ekotto , 28 , dropped out of school aged 16 to focus on football .  he has started a foundation promoting education in a practical and interesting wa .
 bail set at $ 1 million each for arizona escapee , alleged accomplice <sec> judge sets bail at $ 1 million for each .  authorities said the pair had links to white supremacists .  the suspects were arrested at an arizona campground .  mccluskey and welch had been on the run since the end of jul .
 woman sentenced to death by stoning denied visits from lawyer , family <sec> `` this is the first time i was turned away , '' says son of sakineh mohammadi ashtiani .  the ashtiani case has sparked international outrage .  france wants eu to consider new `` initiatives '' against ira .
 cnn student news - october 17 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 bolivia 's morales visits iran <sec> bolivian leader to `` review issues of mutual interest '' with iran 's president .  bolivian president evo morales has sought to improve ties with iran .  bolivia , iran `` staunchly opposed to u.s. hegemony , '' morales says .  morales met with libyan leader moammar gadhafi before iran tri .
 cnn reporter shares top spots in pretoria <sec> for broad look at city , take in view from steps of union buildings .  menlyn square has some of city 's most popular bars all in one location .  try pap , a porridge made from maize , usually served with loads of sauce , a vegetable or mea .
 u.s. navy ships move closer to lebanon <sec> u.s. navy makes move amid a political standoff over lebanon 's presidency .  the presence is important , '' says chairman of joint chiefs of staff .  lebanon 's pro-western majority in parliament struggles with pro-syrian oppositio .
 romney , gop struggle with immigration issues <sec> mitt romney and his surrogates offer few specifics on immigration policies .  president obama and the supreme court focus attention on immigration issues .  romney 's conservative stance in the primaries is problematic now , observers say .  tell us your plan , a latino gop strategist urges the candidat .
 christmas celebrations from across the world <sec> the pope prays for peace .  in bethlehem , thousands flock to the town where jesus is believed to have been born .  parishioners gather in china to have christmas mas .
 how chris brown , lindsay lohan could help justin bieber <sec> justin bieber , who turns 20 on march 1 , faces criminal charges .  lohan , brown are still dealing with consequences of bad actions at age 20 .  first crimes may not bring jail time , but breaking probation rules can .  criminal convictions could limit bieber 's international tourin .
 carlos tevez thanks fans following father 's kidnap ordeal <sec> carlos tevez 's father suffers kidnap ordeal in buenos aires .  segundo tevez captured and later released on tuesday .  juventus striker thanks fans for support on social medi .
 midwest tornadoes , winds slam towns and trucks ; 6 killed in illinois <sec> a third person died in massac county , illinois , bringing the state total death toll to 6 .  high winds knock out power to 390,000 in michigan .  67 tornadoes were reported across the region .  `` i do n't have anything . .  ... .  it 's gone , '' a storm victim say .
 survivors recount horror of india floods that have killed hundreds <sec> `` we had to walk over dead bodies , '' says one survivor .  severe flooding has left more than 50,000 people stranded in northern india .  authorities put the death toll at more than 500 but say they fear it will rise .  many people are searching for people lost in the chao .
 the life and death of an empowered patient <sec> dr. doreen kossove tirelessly helped cancer patients despite being sick herself .  she insisted patients find appropriate doctors , was a clearinghouse for information .  kossove succumbed to a rare and deadly cancer in early february ; she was 6 .
 tennessee latest state to chase multiple bomb threats <sec> bomb threats were called in to buildings in 30 tennessee counties .  similar rounds of false alarms have hit oregon , washington and nebrask .
 missing missouri girl 's parents resume talks with police <sec> police say parents are meeting with them again .  police search landfill and nearby creek .  family says police are looking at forensic evidence .  10-month-old lisa irwin was last seen asleep in her crib at 10:30 p.m. monda .
 cambodia sees spike in bird flu deaths <sec> eight people , mostly children have died in cambodia from bird flu .  cambodia has had 19 reported deaths in the last 10 years , before recent oubtreak .  h5n1 is rare among humans , but potentially fata .
 join the fight for an aids-free future <sec> photographer nigel barker is an ambassador for the elizabeth glaser pediatric aids foundation .  foundation 's mission is to create an aids-free generation .  more than 700 children are infected with hiv every day , most as a result of mother-to-child transmissio .
 sunrise to sunset in basel <sec> basel was a major town in the middle ages , a legacy of this is the pretty old town .  a highlight of a stroll round the city is a trip to the munster and kunstmuseum .  outside of town is the 2,000 year-old roman settlement of augusta raurica .  the hasenhorn toboggan run 25 miles east of basel is also worth a tri .
 parents seek answers after children abducted <sec> distraught chinese families expose problem of children believed stolen to order .  parents who have lost children complain of police indifference .  boys can sell for $ 1,200 , girls $ 200 in one-child china .  chinese official disputes figures , says change in law will hel .
 in south africa , gory details lend oscar pistorius trial 'csi ' flavor <sec> gory autopsy details and photographs of the crime scene shown at the trial .  oscar pistorius is charged with murder in the slaying of his girlfriend , reeva steenkamp .  he says her shooting death was an accident , not premeditated murder .  the bathroom door through which she was shot was reassembled in cour .
 isis : why it must be stopped ( opinion ) <sec> a tearful iraqi lawmaker pleads for her people , the yazidis , to be protected .  frida ghitis : the world must listen and take measures to stop isis .  she says the u.s. should arm kurdish forces , who are willing and able to block isis .  ghitis : yazidis have asked the u.s. and the world for help ; how can we ignore the plea .
 saudi islamist preacher on trial in daughter 's slaying <sec> lama al-ghamdi , 5 , was hospitalized for her injuries last march and died in october .  activists and lama 's mother accuse her father , fayhan al-ghamdi , of beating her .  attempts to reach the father have been unsuccessful .  activist : case highlights need to better protect saudi women , children from domestic violenc .
 pilot change in southwest 345 landing is unusual , aviation experts say <sec> southwest flight 345 's captain took over during laguardia landing , ntsb says .  such a change in that phase of a flight is unusual , aviation experts say .  the pilots reported a wind shift during landing , ntsb says .  the flight landed hard , broke nose gear at new york airport in july , injuring about 1 .
 bob newhart wins first emmy for 'big bang theory ' <sec> bob newhart won his first emmy on sunday .  the tv veteran earned it for his work on `` the big bang theory '' .  he complimented the comedy 's writers for `` an awful good script '' .  the `` great thing '' about the award is that it 's peer-voted , newhart sai .
 saudi girl , 14 , latest confirmed case of mers <sec> the girl is in stable condition .  to date , the who has been informed of 54 cases , including 30 death .
 east jerusalem construction 'not a punishment , ' says netanyahu <sec> new : the white house expresses disappointment at israel 's move .  netanyahu : `` it is our national right to build our capital '' .  abbas ' spokesman said the decision is `` to accelerate the destruction of the peace process '' .  the announcement follows unesco 's approval of the palestinians ' bid for full membershi .
 a catholic reads the bible : the genesis <sec> laura bernardini is a lifelong catholic but had never read the bible from cover to cover .  for the next year , she 's going to read every word , from genesis to revelatio .
 11-year-old accused of bringing gun and 400 rounds of ammo to school <sec> new : 11-year-old claimed a voice in his head told him to shoot a classmate , police document says .  incident occurred in vancouver , washington .  no one was injured .  it comes on the heels of several school-related violent incident .
 claim : rebels sold steven sotloff 's location to isis <sec> syrian opposition officials say the moderate opposition did n't have sotloff .  family spokesman : a rebel phoned isis and said sotloff had entered syria .  video of sotloff 's beheading came after another american was decapitated .  senators introduce a bill that would authorize a reward of up to $ 10 millio .
