 'tomb raider ' reboot introduces timid young lara croft <sec> new `` tomb raider '' video game explores the origins of the lara croft character .  this lara is young and unsure of herself when the game begins .  developer : `` it was important that we showed this more realistic , more human side of lara .
 chasing prefontaine : the run for a record <sec> steve prefontaine set the 5,000 meter record at the u.s. olympic trials in 1972 .  the meet record is one of the most elusive in track and field .  galen rupp broke the record by less than two-tenths of a second .  `` to hear i got the record , that 's unreal , '' rupp say .
 navarrette : do n't fear changing demographics <sec> for the first time , minorities will exceed white population in u.s. public schools .  ruben navarrette says that some may fear the change , but the results are positive .  he says immigrants change america , but america winds up changing immigrants .  navarrette : immigrants reinvent themselves and wind up revitalizing the u.s .
 sevilla sack coach jimenez after winless run extends to seven games <sec> sevilla sack coach manolo jimenez .  the club 's winless run extended to seven games after tuesday 's draw with xerez .  the club 's sporting director ramon rodriguez says no replacement has been lined up .  sevilla play villarreal on sunda .
 fill your future with confidence : join the cnn fit nation team <sec> apply to join the 2013 cnn fit nation triathlon challenge on ireport.com .  the 2012 team crossed finish line with courage , strength , ironman world champ says .  the only limits are those that exist in the mind , she say .
 kenya mall attack : death toll rises to 68 <sec> the number of hostages believed to be held drops to 10 or less .  security forces are reported to have taken control of most of the mall .  three of the alleged attackers are believed to be from the united states .  at least 68 people have been killed , another 175 injure .
 iphone app helps track climate change <sec> new iphone app is helping visitors to swiss alps understand glacier melt .  the jungfrau climate guide app uses audio , video and slide shows .  developed at university of bern the app examines retreat of grindelwald glacier .
 judge orders mlk 's bible , nobel peace prize stored in safe deposit box <sec> a judge has ordered bernice king to turn over her father 's bible and nobel peace prize .  the items will be stored in a safe deposit box that only the court can access .  the judge made the ruling in a case that pits king 's daughter against his two son .
 pakistan cricketers guilty of corruption <sec> the outcome is a credit to reporting by news of the world , its parent firm says .  salman butt and mohammad asif are guilty of plotting to cheat and take bribes .  mohammad amir earlier pleaded guilty to the same charges .  the asian betting market is worth up to $ 50b a year , a cricket official estimate .
 jury hears 911 call made after abortion provider 's shooting <sec> dr. george tiller was shot , killed while serving as an usher at wichita church in may .  scott roeder says he justifiably killed tiller in effort to save unborn children .  tiller was one of four doctors in the u.s. who performed late-term abortion .
 aaron hernandez trial : fiancee testifies of skunky box <sec> aaron hernandez is charged with first-degree murder in the slaying of odin lloyd .  hernandez 's fiancee testifies that he asked her to discard a box after she had learned lloyd was killed .  no weapon has been found in lloyd 's slayin .
 easyjet founder to launch low-cost airline in africa <sec> easyjet founder stelios haji-ioannou has joined forces with lonhro to launch fastjet .  the low-cost airline will operate from ghana , kenya , tanzania and angola .  low prices will democratize air travel in africa , say fastjet executives .  challenges include airport infrastructure , high taxes and fuel dutie .
 greeks protest on anniversary of teen 's killing <sec> alexis grigoropoulos , 15 , was killed by a police bullet in december 2008 .  demonstrators clash with police monday even before the official march begins .  a police officer was found guilty in october of culpable homicid .
 u.s. house approves farm bill without food stamp aid <sec> farm bill approved by republican-led house along party lines .  senate has approved its own version with food-stamp assistance .  president obama has threatened to veto house version .  new : food stamps cover more than 47 million people ; participation up sharpl .
 pearl harbor survivor finds a new battle : getting to the memorial <sec> 90-year-old pearl harbor survivor gets bumped en route to honolulu .  `` i thought that they just overbooked the deal , '' he says .  united says it is not at faul .
 kenya pipeline explodes , flattening homes , killing scores <sec> the confirmed death toll rises to 75 after a nairobi pipeline explosion .  the pipeline exploded monday morning in the sinai slum .  police and red cross officials say the toll is likely to reach 100 .  residents discounted fire danger in 2009 kenyan newspaper articl .
 tape : american al qaeda member renounces citizenship <sec> adam gadahn in videotape tears up u.s. passport , speaks in arabic and english .  tape was released by as sahab , al qaeda 's video production wing .  originally from california , gadahn talks about bush 's upcoming trip to middle east .  gadahn is on the fbi 's most wanted list with $ 1 million reward for informatio .
 photos show mystery child sex man <sec> man posted photos on the internet of himself sexually abusing underage boys .  computer experts managed to undo digital masking to reveal the man .  man abused 12 boys in vietnam and cambodi .
 iraqi military to take control of anbar province <sec> iraqi military set to run the once militant-riven anbar province .  u.s. military transferring responsibility for anbar to iraqi military this week .  sunni tribes helped u.s. and iraqi troops turn the tide against militant .
 man hunted by fbi for alleged child sex abuse arrested in mexico <sec> walter lee williams was a professor studying gender development .  he had easy access to his victims , mainly teenage boys in developing countries .  the fbi offered $ 100,000 for information leading to his arrest .  it believes williams lived in indonesia and thailand and traveled to peru and mexic .
 zombies to show up at comic-con <sec> some comic-con attendees will become zombies to celebrate new film .  `` zombieland , '' starring woody harrelson , to debut in october .  comic-con draws more than 100,000 fans annuall .
 why the interest rate scandal could bring real change <sec> barclays ceo bob diamond resigns in wake of libor rate-fixing scandal at bank .  silva : libor rate fixing unforgivable because it affects public , not rich investors .  silva : top bankers will now have to be more in touch with concerns of the publi .
 action needed to assure new technology can be wiretapped , fbi says <sec> new technology is giving suspects the edge over authorities , an fbi official says .  `` i worry about things like a mumbai-style attack , '' the fbi 's general counsel says .  but changes might bring security risks and stifle innovation , critics tell a house pane .
 greek parliament passes law to implement austerity package <sec> new : eu leaders welcome the passage of a law to implement a new austerity package .  new : civil servants ' union calls a protest rally outside parliament for thursday evening .  passage of the measures should clear the way for greece to get an emergency loan .  it needs the $ 17 billion in bailout funds to meet debt payments due mid-jul .
 hackers put data of u.s. government workers at risk <sec> usis is a major contractor providing background checks for the u.s. government .  it said hackers breached its computer system ; fbi is investigating .  usis said experts `` believe it has all the markings of a state-sponsored attack '' .  department of homeland security has halted providing employee data to usi .
 enter india 's amazing world of frugal innovation <sec> indian inventors recycle old technology to solve local problems .  inventions include amphibious bicycles , wind-powered irrigation systems and tree-climbing machines .  frugal innovators around india have patented their inventions and received award .
 north dakota , ncaa spar over mascot <sec> university of north dakota faces a monday deadline to change its fighting sioux nickname .  the state legislature passed a law this year ordering the school to continue using the name .  the school faces ncaa sanctions if it continues to use the native american mascot .  governor has indicated he will comply with ncaa , ask legislature to change la .
 top places to eat thanksgiving dinner in the u.s . <sec> about 15 million americans eat out for the biggest meal of the year .  convenience and the chance to enjoy family freed from cooking obligations are reasons most cited .  in chicago , primehouse 's four-course thanksgiving menu includes pumpkin bisque with crab and crostini .  there 's a pie buffet at akasha in los angele .
 goodyear tests its bigger , faster zeppelin 'blimp ' <sec> for the first time in 45 years , goodyear begins phasing in a new type of airship .  co-built by germany 's zeppelin company , it 's faster and bigger and has a restroom .  testing began in march , and the entire fleet will be zeppelins by 2018 .  although technically it 's not a blimp , goodyear says it will still call it a blim .
 quinceañeras often symbolize family 's hard work , success <sec> quinceañeras , or 15th birthday celebrations , mark a girl 's transition to womanhood .  jenny ferro , 15 , has been preparing for her celebration since she was 3 years old .  marlene ferro estimates she spent $ 20,000 on her daughter 's quinceañera .  expert : the elaborate parties are a way for latinos to say 'i have done well here .
 somalia pirates free ship after 10 months <sec> taiwanese fishing vessel was held for 10 months off coast .  vessel reports that all 28 crew members are safe .  ship headed out to sea , being monitored by european naval force .
 charter bus overturns on l.a.-area 's i-210 <sec> vehicle was headed for a california casino .  46 people are hurt , but none has life-threatening injuries , police say .  accident occurs near city of irwindale ; bus ends up on its sid .
 apple schedules 'ipad mini ' event for october 23 <sec> apple sent invites to members of the press tuesday for an october 23 event .  the event next week is widely expected to be the launch of a smaller ipa .
 sweden investigating alleged u.s. spying <sec> security police say it 's too early to say whether the activities broke swedish law .  they say the surveillance was aimed at protecting the american embassy in stockholm .  the u.s. ambassador reportedly meets with officials from the swedish foreign ministr .
 your take : what 's behind street harassment ? <sec> cnn commenters had strong opinions on why catcallers target women .  some readers said men should address this problem among themselves .  others said women play into harassment by responding favorably to `` bad boys '' .  many agreed that greater respect for others in all spheres of public life is necessar .
 chinese city bans beards , islamic-style clothing on buses during event <sec> bus ban criticized as `` green-light '' for racism against uyghurs in xinjiang .  measures imposed during xinjiang sports games which ends on august 20 .  ban includes wearing islamic-style clothing on public buses .  men with large beards are also banned from taking the bu .
 oklahoma city thunder guard deandre liggins jailed on assault charge <sec> he is charged with domestic abuse in the presence of a minor child .  he was signed by the thunder last yea .
 body found at site of u.s. chopper crash in japan <sec> japan 's prime minister calls for the grounding of the u.s. helicopters during an investigation .  the helicopter crashed at a marine base on okinaw .
 suspected v. stiviano attacker released pending hate crime probe <sec> suspect in v. stiviano assault released on his own recognizance .  dominick diorio turned himself in to police , nypd source says , and later was id 'd by stiviano .  police had spoken to the long island man the night of the alleged attack .  v. stiviano says two men yelled at and hit he .
 judge frees strauss-kahn from house arrest <sec> the case has changed dramatically but has not been dismissed .  dominique strauss-kahn 's release came after his accuser 's credibility was doubted .  prosecutors disclosed that the alleged victim told them she lied about several matters .  despite dna evidence , prosecutors now have doubts about the cas .
 english premier league : randy lerner puts aston villa up for sale <sec> randy lerner decides to put epl side aston villa up for sale .  the american completed a takeover of the midlands club in 2006 .  lerner feels the time is right to take a break from footbal .
 dismemberment victim 's family recalls his 'love of life ' <sec> `` love and trust must be rebuilt , '' murder victim 's family says .  they thank montrealers and their son 's college for their support .  the suspect in his grisly slaying awaits extradition from german .
 official : 4 u.s. military personnel detained by libya released <sec> four u.s. military personnel were believed detained by the interior ministry , an official said .  the four were augmenting security at the u.s. embassy in tripoli , the official sai .
 polo needs drug testing for horses , humane society says <sec> new : regulation not necessary after simple mistake , polo veteran says .  new : likely lawsuit should prevent similar errors , equine legal expert says .  ponies ' deaths demand reform , head of organization 's equine unit says .  pharmacy in ocala , florida , says it made mistake with dosag .
 most former presidents look better through history 's eyes <sec> image of most recent presidents improved after they left office .  how they left the white house plays a large part in image rehabilitation .  one historian thinks jimmy carter 's image is better now than when in office .  presidential libraries are part library , part museum and part booste .
 ebola : get proactive about screening ( opinion ) <sec> rob portman : some common sense steps could help protect u.s. from ebola .  portman : u.s. should shift from passive to active screening for ebola at airports .  he says simply asking good questions can help detect people who might be at risk .  portman : administration must take proactive steps to prevent outbreak of ebola case .
 9 of the world 's best photography vacations <sec> with pulitzer-winning instructors and $ 100,000 lenses , these photo tours get you shooting like the pros .  some tours have exclusive access to some of the world 's best spots for photographing bears .  tips from pros include wearing loose-fitting clothes you do n't mind getting dirty .  but some tours are headquartered in luxury resort .
 harvard , yale open up to rotc plans after 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' vote <sec> congress votes to repeal the military 's policy banning openly gay and lesbian members .  harvard president : `` it affirms american ideals of equal opportunity '' .  yale is `` eager '' to open talks about expanding opportunities for students interested in military servic .
 gov . george wallace 's former wife dies <sec> cornelia wallace was in her late 60s .  she was with wallace when would-be assassin shot him in 1972 .  `` she served as first lady during a very turbulent time , '' gov . .  bob riley say .
 christine cavanaugh , voice of 'babe , ' dies at 51 <sec> christine cavanaugh was the voice of the pig in `` babe '' .  cavanaugh was a go-to voice actor for many series .  performer had roles on `` er , '' `` everybody loves raymond .
 the man who could run the senate <sec> mitch mcconnell is in line to be the next senate majority leader if republicans control the chamber .  mcconnell will face challenges keeping his members togethe .
 northeast sweats along with southwest , as southeast soaks on the 4th <sec> new : heat advisories are in effect for new york city , parts of new england .  new : the southwest is also sweltering , even as temps should cool somewhat .  new : flood watches are in effect from the gulf coast to the ohio river valley .  arizona 's massive wildfire could get rain but also wind gusts and lightnin .
 last words ? phone app bids to save dying aboriginal language <sec> mobile app designed to preserve language now spoken by less than 200 people .  australia currently has the fourth-highest smartphone penetration in the world .  unusual australian smartphone apps include one to help people caught in an earthquak .
 understanding the cholesterol numbers game <sec> heart association : almost half u.s. adult females suffer from high cholesterol .  mild cholesterol problems can usually be controlled through diet and exercise .  people who have genetic predispositions to higher cholesterol may also need med .
 kryzie king now charged with murder in death of myls dobson , 4 <sec> kryzie king , 27 , pleads not guilty to second-degree murder charge , prosecutors say .  myls dobson , 4 , died after being beaten , burned and starved in her care , prosecutors say .  the medical examiner concluded that myls died from `` child abuse syndrome including dehydration .
 obama returns to work with economy in mind <sec> president barack obama arrives back in washington with the hill under republican control .  obama will soon start a three-week preview period for his state of the union address .  the president will make stops in detroit , phoenix and tennessee next wee .
 portuguese president cruises to re-election win <sec> voters re-elect president anibal cavaco silva to another five-year term .  he gets 53 % of the vote , enough support to avoid a runoff election .  silva will continue to team with portuguese prime minister jose socrates .  portugal is facing an economic crisis that has prompted fears it will need a bailou .
 syrian athletes will attend london olympics , says british pm <sec> british prime minister david cameron backs syrian athletes to attend to london 2012 olympics .  `` i do n't think we should punish the athletes for the sins of the region , '' cameron said .  ioc currently working with the united nations to identify anyone guilty of war crimes in syria .  more than 9,000 people have died in the conflict which started in march 201 .
 chinese imperial throne breaks record <sec> private shanghai businessman puts forth winning bid of us $ 11,068,193 ( hk $ 85 m ) .  frenzied bidding occurs among mainland , hong kong and taiwan collectors .  throne has carved panels , curved legs and a `` five dragon '' carving on front and back .  it belonged to emperor qianlong , who ruled from 1736-179 .
 oscar pistorius trial : four unanswered questions , and an answered one <sec> oscar pistorius says he thought reeva steenkamp was a burglar and made a tragic mistake .  prosecutors say the couple argued and he shot her in anger .  the nature of bangs and screams on the night of the shooting are in dispute .  pistorius ' past with guns , statement to a security guard also brought up at tria .
 revelations on paris attack makes terror nightmare real - cnnpolitics.com <sec> paris attack underscores shift away from spectacular , large-scale attacks waged by foreign terror groups .  instead , homegrown radicals inspired by or affiliated with jihadist organizations are launching more limited strike .
 w.r. grace acquitted in montana asbestos case <sec> jury acquits w.r. grace , three former execs in asbestos exposure case .  chemical company accused of hiding asbestos dangers from employees , residents .  prosecutors claim pollution left 200 dead , more than 1,000 sick .  w.r. grace claims it took steps to mitigate danger , paid residents ' medical bill .
 'mad men ' actor will play 'pan am ' sky god <sec> darren pettie played the son of a cigarette mogul who was secretly gay on `` mad men '' .  in `` pan am '' he will play a heroic former wwii pilot named vince broyles .  expect pettie to struggle for alpha male status with capt . .  dean lowre .
 sanctions on iran 'cost west billions ' <sec> a july 20 deadline to reach a permanent deal on iran 's nuclear program is looming .  if a deal is reached , the u.s. will have to decide whether to lift sanctions , authors say .  they say the u.s. is the most negatively impacted of the nations imposing sanctions .  the eu will likely end sanctions if a reasonable deal is reached , regardless of the u.s. , they sa .
