 israel blames iran for thai bombings <sec> new : top official says israel has been trying to prevent iranian attacks for years .  a bomb blows off one man 's leg in bangkok as he flees police .  three men flee a bangkok house after an explosion .  israel is on a heightened state of aler .
 pro-russian rebels release captive ukrainian troops <sec> shelling kills 6 civilians in donetsk , city officials say .  73 ukrainian troops are released by pro-russian rebels in donetsk .  president petro poroshenko talks about ceasefire violations with german leader .  as shelling continues , officials in donetsk describe the situation as `` critical .
 myanmar democracy leader facing trial after american 's swim <sec> new : u.s. secretary of state calls for aung san suu kyi 's release .  suu kyi 's lawyer blames charges on american who allegedly stayed in her house .  she is said to have let john yettaw stay , in violation of her house-arrest terms .  supporters say action is an excuse to extend restrictions on her movemen .
 don henley sues senate candidate over song use <sec> don henley files lawsuit against republican running for senate seat .  henley claims charles devore used his songs without permission .  devore is running against california sen. barbara boxe .
 buying madonna 's house : a tale of family , fame and misfortune <sec> author 's family bought madonna 's childhood home , put it on national tv .  story of ebay auction became much bigger than one family , or even the celebrity .  auction bookended one of biggest events in u.s. history .  watch video to hear the whole tale from family members ' points of vie .
 rwandan basketmakers weave their way into macy 's <sec> gahaya links helps rwandan women make an income by crafting baskets .  co-founder janet nkubana puts their handiwork on the global market .  the company has helped to break the cycle for thousands of rural families .  women in rwanda have been handcrafting baskets for centurie .
 opinion : what the internet owes to roger ebert <sec> gene seymour : news of film critic roger ebert 's death lamented across internet .  he says in many ways blogs owe existence to example set by ebert , critic co-host siskel .  he says they changed view of what a critic does , made it less formidable .  seymour : ebert 's approach was openhearted enough to assess all manner of cinem .
 'latina woman ' remark may dominate sotomayor hearings <sec> white house says 2001 remark being taken out of context .  sotomayor : she hopes `` wise latina woman '' would judge better than white male .  in same speech , she said latinas making progress `` in the old-boy network '' .  gop heavyweights call sotomayor `` racist '' in denouncing her nominatio .
 korean leaders sign peace pledge <sec> north , south korea agree on need to `` establish permanent peace '' .  pact calls for north , south korean leaders to meet often on `` pending issues '' .  also discussed was an exchange of video letters between separated families .  military ministers for the two koreas will meet in pyongyang on frida .
 an american-made solution to furnishing small spaces <sec> itsy bitsy ritzy shop designs custom furniture for small spaces .  furniture comes from a network of skilled craftspeople in fairfield county , connecticut .  `` they all share my dedication to quality craftsmanship , '' founder says of manufacturing partner .
 your views on interracial marriages <sec> cnn.com readers have strong reactions to a story on race and marriage .  a pew study finds a record of 1 in 7 newlywed relationships are interracial or interethnic .  thousand of cnn readers weigh in on the topic , mostly in support .  readers discuss their own experiences in an interracial or interethnic relationshi .
 taliban leader : we have no faith in obama <sec> taliban leader : we have no faith in barack obama .  taliban not expecting change in relationship with u.s . .  obama has committed himself to defeating the taliban and al qaed .
 pacquiao v mayweather in doubt <sec> the manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather fight is in doubt over the timing of a pre-match blood test .  golden boy promotions chief executive richard schaefer claims filipino pacquiao is refusing a test 30 days before the bout .  mayweather called on filipino to undergo the test to ensure a fair fight .  pacquiao 's promoter bob arum says the `` plug has been pulled '' on the figh .
 could obama 's struggles with white voters cost him the election ? <sec> 40 % of white voters say they 'll vote for president obama -- the minimum threshold he needs to win .  for at least a decade , democrats have had lower numbers with white voters in presidential elections .  political experts attribute lower white support to party identification trends , economy , social policy , race .  obama must hold the line with white voters ; get high minority turnout to win .
 how iron dome intercepts rockets from gaza <sec> israel uses the iron dome system only against rockets headed toward populated areas .  the system confronts multiple threats simultaneously , in any weather , the military says .  each battery has a firing-control radar to identify targets and a portable missile launcher .  the interceptor missile explodes near the incoming rocke .
 big thinker : rajendra pachauri <sec> dr. rajendra pachauri is trying to combat climate change .  he is a joint winner of the 2007 nobel peace prize with al gore .  pachauri was awarded the padma bhushan , one of india 's highest award .
 norway mass-shooting trial reopens debate on violent video games <sec> confessed norway shooter says he played `` world of warcraft , '' `` modern warfare 2 '' .  bloggers , columnists are quick to say violent video games do n't induce violent behavior .  debates have raged about whether video games incite violence ; science is inconclusiv .
 north korean soldier shoots comrades , defects to south <sec> south korean soldiers hear gunfire before the defector crosses .  the north korean says he killed his platoon and squad leaders .  defections over land via the heavily armed dmz are rare .  the number of refugees fleeing per year has climbed dramatically over the year .
 manchester united captain vidic to miss rest of season <sec> manchester united captain nemanja vidic is ruled out for the rest of this season .  defender damaged knee ligaments during wednesday 's 2-1 defeat to basel .  manager alex ferguson says serbia international will see a specialist on monday .  vidic joins a growing list of injured players at old traffor .
 marc marquez claims third straight motogp pole in argentina <sec> marc marquez claims pole at termas de rio honda circuit , argentina .  spaniard qualifies 0.742 seconds ahead of second-fastest jorge lorenzo .  marquez 's honda teammate , dani pedrosa , finishes day thir .
 man loses control of car near bush home <sec> a man loses control of his car while driving past george w. bush 's house .  the u.s. secret service is investigating the incident .  there is no apparent threat to the former president , police sa .
 federer fights off davydenko to reach rotterdam final <sec> roger federer battles through to final of atp tour 500 event beating nikolay davydenko 4-6 6-3 6-4 .  argentina 's juan martin del potro beats tomas berdych in straight sets to advance to final .  victoria azarenka through to final of qater open in doha where she will face samantha stosur .  andy roddick knocked out of sa p open by unseeded uzbekistani denis istomi .
 investigators seek clues to prius wreck from black box data <sec> toyota and federal safety officials extracted data from a wrecked 2005 prius .  driver said the car accelerated on its own on march 9 ; she was treated for minor injuries .  toyota spokesman : black box in 2005 prius contains data only from moment airbags deploy .  2005 prius was part of recall to address the risk of accelerator entrapment in floor ma .
 u.s. closes embassy in south africa after 'possible threat ' <sec> new : u.s. embassy in pretoria , other offices will be closed additional day .  u.s. state department spokesman calls temporary closings a precaution .  americans in south africa told to remain `` vigilant .
 social media reacts to clinton 's announcement - cnnpolitics.com <sec> response across social media led to multiple trending topics for hillary clinton 's presidential announcement .  some responded to her video and her new campaign log .
 english lessons for india 's rickshaw drivers <sec> more than 40,000 auto-rickshaws ply roads of indian capital .  city expected to host 100,000 tourists during commonwealth games .  8,000 auto-rickshaw drivers will be enrolled in training progra .
 drone strike in pakistan days after airport attack , sources say <sec> drone fires on area in northwestern pakistan , sources say .  islamic movement of uzbekistan says it was involved in first karachi airport attack .  pakistani taliban claim responsibility for both attacks in karachi this week .  the latest assault targeted the airport security forces academy near the airpor .
 u.s.-egypt relations tested in latest crisis <sec> egyptian authorities crack down on foreign organizations .  among those facing trial are 19 americans .  angry u.s. lawmkers threaten to cut off military aid to egypt .  many are surprised by egypt 's provocation but see no easy way ou .
 oecd : end nears for japan 's deflationary spiral <sec> oecd says consumer prices in japan will begin rising later this year .  economy has suffered a 14-year downward drift in prices .  reforms launched by new leader shinzo abe are boosting economy .  oecd warns that high debt levels pose an `` exceptional challenge .
 opinion : what 'still alice ' director knew <sec> ai-jen poo : `` still alice '' shows a scenario familiar to many americans : an ailing family member and no plan for care .  she says it 's good reminder in our aging population of the critical role that caregivers play in allowing us to live with dignit .
 north korea says it 's the victim of 'intensive ' cyberattacks <sec> north korea is facing daily `` intensive and persistent virus attacks , '' state news reports .  it blames `` the u.s. and the south korean puppet regime '' for such cyberattacks .  north korea has bristled under international pressure since its third nuclear tes .
 u.s. government , military to get secure android phones <sec> government , military officials to get android phones capable of sharing secret documents .  the phones will run a modified version of google 's android software , sources say .  contractor : google `` more cooperative '' than apple working with government on phone .
 five things to know about the andaman islands <sec> only three dozen of the andaman and nicobar islands are inhabited .  the airport runway in port blair is long enough for a 777 .  landing a large aircraft in the highly militarized area without detection unlikely , experts sa .
 officials : plane crash at iowa air show kills pilot <sec> the plane crashes into an alfalfa field in davenport , iowa .  the pilot has not been identified by authorities .  a home video captures the crash and subsequent explosio .
 next space age has a business model , astronauts say <sec> astronauts say commercial partners will be in the future of space flight .  a mission specialist says he hopes space travel will be cheaper and more frequent .  atlantis is scheduled to land thursday morning .  the landing will mark the end of nasa 's 30-year shuttle progra .
 hagel 's wrong on why u.s. supports israel <sec> in 2006 , hagel said 'the jewish lobby intimidates a lot of people up here ' .  ari fleischer : the support for israel is n't because of 'intimidation , ' but merit .  polls show most americans view israel favorably , but do n't support iran or palestinians .  fleischer : israel is a steady friend of the u.s. and a tolerant democrac .
 opinion : syria fighting sparks refugee crisis in jordan <sec> za'atari refugee camp in northern jordan is home to more than 20,000 syrian refugees .  hundreds more arrive every day , on foot , with just the clothes they are wearing .  the refugees are putting pressure on already scarce water resources in the region .  as the situation in syria escalates , many fear they will be in the camp for some tim .
 mexico ban soccer stars vela and juarez <sec> carlos vela and efrain juarez have been banned from the mexico team for six months .  the pair allegedly threw a party at the team hotel after a friendly against colombia .  eleven other players have been punished , each receiving a fine of approximately $ 400 .
 grammys 2015 : highs and lows <sec> sam smith wins four grammys , including song , record of the year .  kanye west creates another kerfuffl .
 klain : ebola as a weapon 'unlikely ' <sec> ebola czar ron klain says a report of ebola being used as a weapon is likely a hoax .  klain says the united states is always watching to see if terror groups are using ebola .  he says the united states can now `` successfully identify and isolate an ebola patient .
 securing india 's energy needs a major challenge for new pm modi <sec> how india 's new pm handles the nation 's energy may define his administration , says hiscock .  modi is likely to compete and cooperate with other major energy consumers .  india is expected to overtake china as the main source of growth in global energy demand .  developing india 's domestic supply capacity is a priority for the prime ministe .
 divers scour frigid waters for missing maine toddler <sec> ayla reynolds was 20 months old when she was reported missing in december .  divers search two bodies of water near her central maine home .  an official say divers did n't appear to find any clues , while promising more searche .
 design guru reveals yves saint-laurent hate mail <sec> fashion designer tom ford explains how his relationship with yves saint-laurent deteriorated .  one letter accused ford of destroying the french icon 's 40-year career in 13 minutes .  ford was creative director at gucci when it bought yves saint-laurent fashion house .  he has since started his own self-named label and moved into film , directing `` a single man .
 son wonders if dad 's wife poisoned him <sec> son says his dad got sick shortly after he married wife two decades ago .  authorities launch probe into deaths of five husbands of betty neumar .  son says he learned of his dad 's death in newspaper , body was cremate .
 massachusetts lieutenant governor helps rescue family <sec> lt. gov . .  tim murray of massachusetts saw a van tire on fire .  he assisted and pulled two children from the van as fire spread .  grandmother ruth-ann manozzi calls him a hero for his action .
 should you get pregnant if you 're 50 or older ? <sec> if a woman is in good health , she can conceive and give birth into her 50s .  most fertility centers stop treating after 55 , but there are n't any laws to enforce this .  doctors say tougher regulations would hinder their ability to treat patients .  florida woman was able to have her miracle baby at 5 .
 fbi joins investigation of klan initiation death <sec> louisiana klan group called itself the `` sons of dixie '' .  fbi says it is working with local police .  chuck foster , 44 , charged with second-degree murder in death of cynthia lynch .  others involved in initiation are accused of trying to conceal the killin .
 diplomat arrested in iran on car sex charge <sec> diplomat said to have been in `` indecent sexual relation '' with woman in car .  swiss embassy staffer was seen with woman `` in an obscene situation '' .  incident occurred after diplomat promised to marry the woman , reports sai .
 massive ice shelf on verge of breakup <sec> a large chunk of the wilkins ice shelf in antarctica broke away last month .  only a narrow strip of ice is protecting the shelf from further breakup .  `` i did n't expect to see things happen this quickly , '' scientist says .  ice shelves are floating ice sheets attached to the coas .
 5 questions answered about facebook home <sec> facebook home is a family of apps for the android system .  it puts photos and posts from the site front and center on your phone .  `` chat heads '' also joins facebook messenger and sms texts .  home will be available on google play starting april 1 .
 america 's cool college towns <sec> if coffee shops define a good college town , berkeley has the competition beat .  check out the carolina basketball museum -- also a shrine to michael jordan .  hang out at the ann richards/congress avenue bridge , with 1.5 million bat .
 bo xilai : source close to family calls charges 'ridiculous ' <sec> source close to bo xilai 's family reject charges against him .  chinese politician accused of bribery , corruption and abuse of power .  his trial is expected to begin soon more than one year after scandal emerged .  bo 's wife has been convicted of murder , serving suspended death sentenc .
 philippines president declares martial law in maguindanao <sec> new : martial law invoked to impose peace on the region after unrest .  measure follows killings of 57 people last week in province of maguindanao .  security forces search the home of andal ampatuan jr. , mayor of datu unsay .  authorities say ampatuan jr. directed the november 23 politically motivated killing .
 police : pennsylvania priest caught with 15-year-old on college campus <sec> the rev . .  w. jeffrey paulish , 56 , was arrested thursday .  authorities say they found paulish with partially dressed teen .  paulish has been charged with two felony counts and three misdemeanors .  the diocese of scranton has suspended paulis .
 black friday for indian cricketers as australians take control <sec> australia take control on opening day of the third test against india in perth .  tourists collapse to 161 in first innings before australia reach 149-0 at stumps .  opening batsman david warner matches the fourth-fastest century in test history .  waca ground curator defends his staff over pre-match drinking on pitc .
 obama : alleged irs political targeting 'outrageous ' <sec> the irs must `` answer to the american people , '' ways and means chairman says .  irs chief , treasury inspector-general face house committee friday .  obama calls the irs 's alleged targeting `` outrageous , '' vows to hold irs accountable .  irs officials knew as early as 2011 the applications were being targete .
 report : double-decker bus crash in argentina kills 11 <sec> a bus carrying passengers of different nationalities crashes in argentina .  at least 11 people are dead and 50 injured , telam says .  some consulates are in contact with victims , a hospital director say .
 commentary : will 'snl ' skit sink hopes for obama ? <sec> ed rollins : `` saturday night live '' highlighted unfulfilled obama promises .  he says `` snl '' has history of shaping negative perceptions of presidents .  he says obama has burden of very high expectations for his presidency .  rollins says all of obama 's ambitions are fruitless if job losses moun .
 scary movie making viewers sick <sec> some moviegoers sickened by shaky camera work of `` cloverfield '' .  nausea , dizziness are symptoms of vertigo , a disruption of the balance .  the problem is body feels strong visual sensation of movement while you aren ' .
 father 's recovery gives djokovic focus <sec> novak djokovic reveals that his father 's condition is steadily improving .  srdjan djokovic was hospitalized at the start of last week before son lost in paris .  serbian has bounced back on court this week in london , reaching atp semifinals .  u.s. open champion andy murray also through to last four in season final .
 iran deal may define barack obama 's legacy , for better or worse <sec> president barack obama has struggled politically recently .  on interim iran deal , the public could be on his side .  congress , however , has indicated that it is skeptical .  his foreign policy legacy could be defined by deal 's outcom .
 fighting worsens 'deteriorating ' situation in eastern congo <sec> army troops and rebels clashed on wednesday .  numbers of internally displaced people continues to swell .  disease and violence against women also are seen rising sharply .  u.s. has accused rwanda of supporting rebels in cong .
 samsung is spanking apple in earnings , sales <sec> as apple sales dip , samsung continues to climb .  in first three months of 2013 , apple sales dipped for first time in a decade .  during same period , samsung 's sales were up 42 percent .  apple has resisted bigger , and cheaper phones ; samsung makes a variet .
 this time , gaza fighting is 'proxy war ' for the mideast <sec> the gaza conflict is a proxy war for the middle east , analysts say .  egypt , jordan , and saudi arabia are seen as supporting israel 's crackdown on hamas .  turkey and qatar support hamas .  hamas is an extension of the muslim brotherhood , which threatens some government .
