 apple announces new imacs <sec> apple announces upgrades to its imac line of desktop computers .  new machines have better processors , new graphics , next-gen wi-fi and faster flash storage .  new imacs are available immediatel .
 sudan calls meeting over 'genocide charge ' <sec> international criminal court may seek arrest of sudan 's president .  chief prosecutor expected to file for arrest warrant monday .  sudan has asked for an emergency meeting of arab foreign minister .
 christina aguilera 's 'beautiful ' tribute to cnn heroes <sec> 2008 cnn hero of the year is liz mccartney of st. bernard parish , louisiana .  grammy winners christine aguilera , alicia keys and john legend perform .  the show honors the top 10 cnn heroes as selected by a distinguished panel .  it airs globally at 9 p.m . .  et november 27 ( 0200 gmt november 28 .
 high court appears to lean toward arizona in immigration law dispute <sec> roberts says it seems the federal government does n't want to know immigration status .  the solicitor general warns against state `` interference '' in immigration .  justice sotomayor says the federal government 's case is `` not selling very well '' .  the court 's ruling will affect similar laws in several other state .
 bringing joy to refugees with dance <sec> chadian taïgue ahmed is a professional dancer and choreographer .  he is making a difference by holding dancing workshops in refugee camps .  the republic of chad is one of the poorest countries in the world .  ahmed also raises awareness about issues such hiv/aids and women 's right .
 does your tot need that tablet ? <sec> screen-free week is may 5-11 , when some families and schools cut back on devices .  psychologist susan linn writes that many parents are n't sure how to cut kids off .  linn : `` what 's most important for babies and preschoolers is to learn how to learn .
 cnn poll : people still want tiger to win the masters <sec> tiger woods ' popularity has plummeted since media frenzy about his extramarital affairs .  but a national poll suggests most americans still want him to win masters title .  the world 's top golfer will make his first appearance this season at augusta in april .  three-quarters of people polled thought it was the right time for him to return to actio .
 new york beaches issued health advisories for wastewater <sec> a fire at a wastewater treatment plant triggered a release into the hudson river .  beach-goers are urged to avoid three beaches on staten island and one in brooklyn .  the health advisories will last through monday .  coney island beach remained unaffected thursday nigh .
 painting bought as part of $ 46 job lot is a constable worth $ 390,000 <sec> postcard-sized painting was bought as part of a job lot at auction for $ 46 ( £30 ) .  art experts say it is a work by english artist john constable , worth $ 390,000 ( £250,000 ) .  painting is thought never to have been on public display befor .
 'dancing with the stars ' : two battle injuries <sec> two `` dancing with the stars '' contestants are facing injuries .  during monday 's show , amy purdy injured her back .  earlier , danica mckellar broke a ri .
 does football need technology ? <sec> debate over whether technology should be used to help referees .  fifa is opposed to video replays but has considered goal-line technology .  hawk-eye system and microchipped footballs were rejected by ifab .  some feel it will take a big-match controversy to re-open the debat .
 attorney mark o'mara drops george zimmerman <sec> lawyer says he 's not representing zimmerman in altercation or divorce case .  on monday , zimmerman was briefly detained after a dispute involving his estranged wife .  shellie zimmerman filed for divorce last week .  o'mara continues to be attorney of record in impending defamation lawsuit against nb .
 white house already on a hunt to replace souter <sec> president obama has chance to place his stamp on the supreme court .  sources : women candidates to be at or near the top of the list .  republicans hint at confirmation confrontation if they are ignored .  seven of the nine high court members were named by gop president .
 cyprus deposit tax 'overnight robbery , ' says businessman <sec> cypriot government plans to tap its citizens for 5.8 billion euros [ $ 7.5 billion ] and impose a one-off levy .  cyprus is the fourth eurozone country to request a bailout , after ireland , portugal and greece .  the unprecedented tax on bank deposits led to a run on cash machines over the weeken .
 saudi king heading to u.s. for blood clot treatment <sec> new : saudi king abdullah is healthy and in stable condition , minister says .  abdullah is scheduled to leave for the united states on monday .  the 86-year-old king underwent tests friday after complaining of back pai .
 the best way to honor slain schoolchildren ( opinion ) <sec> donna brazile : lives cut short by taliban 's school rampage is tragic and can sow despair .  she says turn that into action . .  work to support and spread education everywhere .  she says join online community calling to honor slain students by fighting harder for schools .  brazile : unicef , malala fund among those pressing this cause . .  hult prize is anothe .
 ajax fan in serious condition after falling from stands <sec> ajax fan sustains serious injuries after falling from the stands on tuesday .  the spectator reportedly fell while celebrating ajax 's second goal in 2-1 win over barcelona .  dutch club 's twitter feed sends best wishes to fan .  ajax unavailable for comment when contacted by cn .
 anti-u.n. protests erupt in haitian capital <sec> demonstrators blame u.n. peacekeepers for the cholera outbreak .  protests have been ongoing in the northern city of cap-haitien .  aid agencies say the protests are hampering treatmen .
 u.s. readings challenge china 's smog claims <sec> u.s. readings show `` hazardous '' air while china reports `` slight pollution '' .  china 's readings do not include fine particles .  china 's state-run media acknowledges distrust over official smog data .  beijing 's weather has compounded the problem in recent day .
 concern over refugees grows as calm falls on kyrgyzstan <sec> new : death toll at 176 , kyrgyz news agency reports ; red cross estimate is higher .  new : concern grows over plight of ethnic uzbeks who have fled the unrest .  new : `` this is far from over , '' red cross say .
 telecoms and the battle for bandwidth <sec> writers : verizon , at & t deals are attempts to get more spectrum for wireless services .  spectrum , or bandwidth , is getting scarce because it is badly used , they maintain .  washington could sell spectrum for billions of dollars , they say , still minimize monopolies .  writers : until then , regulators should look more kindly on telecom merger .
 post-revolution delegates from egypt and libya address u.n . <sec> abbas says he will not comment on quartet statement .  egyptian official says quartet has failed `` to come up with a balanced vision '' for the palestinian bid .  libyan ntc leader calls for his country 's financial assets to be unfrozen .  the security council is expected to meet monday to discuss statehood reques .
 veteran actor hal holbrook 's loving his oscar nod <sec> hal holbrook is oldest supporting actor oscar nominee ever .  holbrook played ron franz in `` into the wild , '' loved experience on film .  holbrook known for playing mark twain , abraham lincoln , deep throa .
 nationalist could be israel 's next foreign minister <sec> prime minister benjamin netanyahu may pick avigdor lieberman .  media say he might hurt ties with west but improve ties with russia .  it is unclear whether talks over gaza cease-fire would continue .  lieberman frequently clashes with arab members of knesse .
 source : crane operator at site of building collapse had pot in blood <sec> 6 died , 13 were injured when a building collapsed in philadelphia .  walls fell on a salvation army thrift store , pinning people in the rubble .  the building was being torn down at the time .  a city hall source says marijuana , pain medication were in crane operator 's bloo .
 quake reported in eastern canada <sec> `` my house shook , '' the ontario premier says .  the quake 's magnitude was 5.2 , and an aftershock was recorded .  there was `` a lot of shaking , '' town official says .  the earthquake was felt in parts of new york state , clevelan .
 the sailing billionaire with sights on the record books <sec> billionaire jim clark launches his multi-million dollar super yacht called comanche .  with it , he is planning to break a myriad of offshore racing records .  there are real fears the boat could fail on its debut , the sydney to hobart race .  comanche 's launch has been long awaited by the global sailing communit .
 marlon jackson speaks about brother 's death <sec> marlon learned about brother 's death through michael 's manager .  he says responders found michael not breathing , `` could n't bring him around '' .  marlon has n't seen michael in a month , says he `` looked good '' .  `` he has left a legacy and it 's going to be forever , '' he say .
 bahrain says ban on protests is response to rising violence <sec> new : the ban is needed because of increasing violence at rallies , bahraini officials say .  amnesty international calls for the ban on public protests to be lifted immediately .  amnesty says the ban is a violation of people 's rights to free speech and assembly .  officials should n't use `` violent acts of a few as a pretext '' to restrict the rights of all , it say .
 what the terror raids say about an 'obama doctrine ' <sec> obama 's doctrine when it comes to al qaeda is `` to kill , '' an analyst says .  he has no doctrine , unlike other recent presidents , an analyst says .  the idea of a presidential doctrine is outdated , cnn 's fareed zakaria says .  former secretary of state clinton had a doctrine pushing an asia focus , analyst say .
 romney wins michigan as all eyes turn to super tuesday <sec> romney grew up in michigan , so a win there was crucial .  his victory in arizona was expected and more thorough .  despite his loss in michigan , santorum says he performed better than expected .  the outcome shows it 's a `` two-person race right now , '' santorum say .
 seven earthquakes shake oklahoma in two days <sec> the largest quake registered a magnitude of 4.3 , according to the u.s. geological survey .  the temblors appear to be part of a trend of increasing earthquakes in oklahoma .  no major injuries or damage was reported from saturday 's quakes , news station say .
 brazil faces fresh hiv/aids fight <sec> brazil has been hailed as a leader in the fight against the hiv/aids epidemic .  government started offering free anti-retroviral treatment to its citizens in 1996 .  as more people live longer with hiv/aids , brazil faces new challenges .  patients of the chronic illness susceptible to new health risks , doctors sa .
 golf 's new trick-shot wizards having a blast <sec> golfing siblings attracting a growing following online with novel trick shots .  pair from south carolina aiming to make golf appeal to younger audience .  collaborations and themed clips have expanded brothers ' range of tricks .  both are qualified professionals and hope to play on pga tour one da .
 what 's next for guantanamo bay detainees ? <sec> president obama signs executive order calling for gitmo facility to close .  security experts question where the detainees will be relocated to .  there are also concerns about how intelligence will be collected under new rules .  cnn learned some former gitmo detainees have returned to terroris .
 may 1 snow storm ? there 's no way this is happening <sec> the record for the latest snow ever to hit denver was june 12 , 1947 .  temperatures were in the 70s on monday .  the desert southwest has had triple-digit temperatures alread .
 drought parches much of the u.s. , may get worse <sec> over the past three years a drought has affected large swaths of the u.s . .  report : at least 36 states expect to face water shortages within the next five years .  experts say main causes are rapid population growth and unwise farming practices .  marjorye heeney , 83 , remembers the dust bowl storms of the 1930s in oklahom .
 mahmoud abbas , shimon peres pray with pope francis for mideast peace <sec> pope francis says meeting is for people who want to stop living as enemies .  israeli president shimon peres says peace must be pursued no matter how distant it seems .  palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas calls for divine help to make the region secur .
 will anyone stop isis ? <sec> the white house does not say whether air strikes are an option .  `` what 's the obama message ? '' .  a former national security official asks .  pope sends `` urgent appeal '' to end the crisis .  video shows militants force a christian to convert to islam , then behead hi .
 9-year-old rapper 's adult-themed videos prompt state probe <sec> a massachusetts child welfare agency says it is looking into the work of `` lil poopy '' .  the 9-year-old rapper is featured in adult-themed music videos .  he raps that `` coke is not a bad word , '' is shown suggestively with a dancing woman .  the child 's father tells a boston tv station that his son is `` not doing anything wrong .
 meghan mccain : 'i support the president ' <sec> meghan mccain tells larry king she 's over recent dust-up with laura ingraham .  president on the verge of becoming overexposed , sen. mccain 's daughter says .  she veers from dad on social issues , such as her support for same-sex marriage .  mccain : `` you do n't have to think one way ... to be a member of the republican party .
 north carolina lawmakers approve controversial election changes <sec> the republican-dominated house approves the measure thursday night .  in two years,11 states have approved laws requiring voters to show id at voting booths .  critics slam it as an effort to disenfranchise the poor , minority and disabled voter .
 i now pronounce me ... broke <sec> stephanie gallman has been a bridesmaid 12 times .  she loves weddings but hates how hard they hit her wallet .  planning can save you a lot of cash .  save on the gift by getting creativ .
 really ? ibm predicts the end of the digital divide in 5 years <sec> ibm says mobile technology will close the digital divide .  even in rich nations , however , not everyone will have access to robust mobile devices .  ibm 's prediction of the demise of the digital divide is silent on affordabilit .
 airlines wine in the sky <sec> wines are affected by pressurized , drier cabin air on planes .  bitterness and tannins are accentuated , fruit flavors diminished .  united airlines goes through 7 million bottles of wine each year .  good wines on board reflect the premium brand airlines want to presen .
 soccer team of haitian amputees bring tour to u.s . <sec> the team is comprised of players who lost limbs during the haiti quake .  it will conduct conduct clinics and take part in demonstration matches .  zaryen is creole for tarantula , which is known to keep attacking despite its wound .
 federer still focused on no . 1 ranking <sec> world no . .  2 roger federer returns to stockholm a decade after his debut appearance .  swiss star has a first-round bye and faces american taylor dent in opening match .  he is hoping to add to his two tournament victories this year as season nears climax .  chinese third seed lin na loses first-round match at women 's kremlin cup even .
 a rare look at london 's most unique homes <sec> open house london gives visitors access to the city 's most interesting buildings .  the goal is to foster an appreciation for architecture and urban design .  the event allows proud homeowners to share their space with the public , and can connect architects with new clients .  this year , 800 properties were featured in the weekend even .
 new year 's eve : dubai sets record in fireworks blitz <sec> new : revelers in london were treated to edible confetti choreographed to fireworks .  dubai 's huge firework show certified as largest by guinness world records .  40,000 new laws go into effect in the u.s. , some involving pot , placentas and shark fins .  a bar in florida celebrates by lowering a drag queen from a giant shoe from the buildin .
 best and worst fuel-efficient automakers <sec> two fuel-efficient races to win : best car and best all-around automaker .  toyota prius is no . .  1 car -- hybrid technology gives 48 city miles on a gallon .  `` exotic '' cars like lamborghini and bugatti are worst fuel-economy automakers .  compact category has honda civic hybrid , toyota corolla at top of rating .
 webber : it 's too early for f1 title talk <sec> mark webber thinks it is too soon to talk about winning the f1 world title .  fernando alonso claims the 2010 season has been the happiest of his career .  lewis hamilton is confident mclaren can compete with the red bulls and ferrari in kore .
 obama : one very successful president ? ( opinion ) <sec> nobel-winning economist krugman writes that obama is one of most successful presidents .  julian zelizer : obama 's policies on health care , economy , regulation could prove successful .  but he says it 's much too early to evaluate obama 's overall impact .  zelizer : decisions made by lbj , reagan , others were hard to fully assess for many year .
 cost-cutting endangers alaska pipeline , critics warn <sec> a remote spill dumped 5,000 barrels of crude from the pipeline in may .  congressman says `` incident after incident '' has plagued the pipeline .  deferred maintenance risks a bigger spill , source says .  pipeline operator alyeska says the massive conduit is saf .
 fawcett 's cancer battle brings attention to rare illness <sec> risk factors for anal cancer include suppressed immune system , hpv , stds .  new cases of anal cancer number about 5,000 a year , with 680 deaths per year .  anal cancer it treatable , but becomes more difficult to treat if tumor spread .
 trial underway for baha'i leaders in iran <sec> the seven are charged with spying , spreading propaganda against iran and religious offenses .  the u.s. state department has condemned iran 's decision to try the leaders .  the baha'i faith are the nation 's largest non-muslim religious minorit .
 japan crisis focuses sharapova 's chernobyl commitment <sec> tennis star maria sharapova reflects on potential nuclear meltdown in japan .  russian works with u.n. charity trying to help survivors of chernobyl explosion .  her parents fled belarus before she was born to escape spreading radiation .  sharapova says she is saddened by effects of earthquake and tsunami in japa .
 missile treaty violated by russia , u.s. says <sec> new : president obama sends vladimir putin letter addressing the matter .  u.s. believes russia has tested cruise missiles not allowed by 1987 treaty .  moscow says it investigated and considers the matter closed .  source tells cnn that washington has proposed senior-level talks with mosco .
 clinic where joan rivers stopped breathing investigated <sec> the new york state department of health is investigating the clinic , its spokesman says .  joan rivers stopped breathing at the yorkville endoscopy clinic last week .  rivers died thursday afternoon at a manhattan hospital .  the clinic has not responded to cnn requests for commen .
 tony benn : warrior peer turned socialist peace campaigner <sec> tony benn who has died in london aged 88 , came from a privileged and political family .  however he renounced his peerage , and fought for socialist ideas .  he was opposed to wars uk government and its u.s. allies were waging .  benn was polite , disciplined , hard working , political : all a campaigner should be - lindsey germa .
 official : afghan militants fled dressed as women <sec> u.s. marines faced off against insurgents in southern town of khan neshin .  marines surround compound , held fire because of civilians .  6 u.s. soldiers killed by roadside bomb in northern afghanistan .  taliban claim responsibility for attack on u.s. military vehicl .
 lawsuit filed over 'floating hell ' cruise <sec> new : `` this is not the kind of thing where people are paralyzed , people died , '' cnn 's jeffrey toobin says .  `` it 's too early to put any type of number on it , '' lawyer says of possible damages .  passenger endured `` deplorable , unsafe and unsanitary conditions , '' suit says .  carnival says it has not seen the lawsui .
 in debates , presidential candidates ' tics and tells matter <sec> voters pay close attention to what is said and how it is said during debates .  body language tics have hurt presidential candidates in the past .  both barack obama and mitt romney have `` tells '' to watch out for in stressful situation .
 death toll rises to 240 from indonesia volcano <sec> at least 162 people suffer severe burns .  mount merapi started erupting on october 26 .  officials say almost 400,000 people have fled their homes .  the worst may be over , authorities say , but a danger zone remain .
 experts : translated toyota memo shows electronic acceleration concern <sec> translated toyota report describes a cruise-control system test .  experts say the translated report describes a software problem .  the company denies electronics are responsible for sudden acceleratio .
