 obamacare official : first website enrollment figures next week <sec> new : gop rep. camp subpoenas obamacare enrollment figures .  obamacare official marilyn tavenner appears before a senate panel .  republicans continue attacks on the health care law .  tavenner : the obamacare website now can process five registrants per secon .
 alleged militia leader rants on secretly recorded tape <sec> tape recorded last winter when hutaree members were driving to kentucky .  stone urges `` war against this evil , greedy new world order '' .  defense attorneys dismissed the tape as just tal .
 there 's more to indy than the super bowl <sec> indy 's music scene ranges from punk to jazz to jams .  a local and sustainable food scene is thriving .  children can ride a carousel or bang a drum .  walkers can bundle up for urban walks in winte .
 opinion : the challenges facing blackberry maker , rim <sec> the blackberry maker fights speculation that is pulling out of the consumer market .  research in motion has been hit by low earnings and sales amid intense competition .  today , virtually every phone not only has email , but also apps and internet connectivity .  rim 's challenge is to show that it is still relevant and can still fight its rival .
 opinion : why syria is truly a problem from hell <sec> samantha power 's pulitzer-prize winning study found u.s. very slow to fight evil regimes .  peter bergen : her work is a perfect description of u.s. dithering on the syria crisis .  u.s. is likely to strike syria but lacks a strong basis in international law , he says .  bergen : u.n. wo n't support a strike , but nato and arab league could back i .
 steubenville teens treated girl 'like a toy , ' prosecutor says <sec> new : witness says she and the alleged victim shared vodka at a party .  trent mays , 17 , and ma'lik richmond,16 , are charged with rape .  the boys are accused of sexually assaulting a girl at end-of-summer parties .  football players bragged of what they did to a 16-year-old girl , a prosecutor say .
 sophia and jacob top list of most popular baby names of 2011 <sec> sophia steals no . .  1 spot from isabella ; jacob earns no . .  1 spot for 13th consecutive year .  names like isabella , mason bolster adage that list reflects common names in pop culture .  brantley and briella make the biggest gains from 2010 to 2011 .  data come from social security card applications for births in the united states in 201 .
 celebs leave their hit tv shows to pursue bigger and better things <sec> claire danes was the one who wanted `` my so-called life '' to end .  mischa barton has never confirmed she wanted `` the o.c . '' .  to kill off her character .  heigl 's publicist says she 's leaving the show to spend more time with her daughte .
 scientists examine record python found in florida in effort to stop snakes ' spread <sec> the python is 17.5 feet long and weighed 164.5 pounds .  it is the largest ever found in the florida everglades .  scientists are hoping for clues about how to stop the snakes ' spread .  the species is dangerous and invasive , with no known predato .
 u.s. military can wear uniform in san diego gay pride parade : defense department <sec> the defense department allows service members to wear uniforms at a gay pride parade .  more than 300 active-duty service members have signed up for the parade , an official says .  the administration repealed `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' last yea .
 egypt 's new cabinet : 14 new ministers ; 13 stay in place <sec> the new cabinet includes reformers .  the justice and interior ministries do not change leaderships .  experts : this may spark further protests in coming days .  tahrir square campers dwindle in numbers after names are leake .
 10 french soldiers killed in afghan fighting <sec> new : 'this cause is just , ' french president sarkozy says .  new : sarkozy to travel to afghanistan tuesday night .  new : officials dismiss taliban claim of 15 suicide bombers entering base .  10 french soldiers killed as fighting flares around holida .
 funeral services to be held monday for fan who died at game <sec> shannon stone died after falling over railing at rangers stadium .  sports anchor : accident a reminder of `` how fragile human life can be '' .  outfielder had heard stone 's son ask for ball and pitched one toward him .  rangers have set up account in stone 's nam .
 dea : 45 mexican drug cartel suspects arrested in atlanta <sec> authorities also seize nearly $ 2.4 million in cash , the dea says .  the suspects are believed to belong to la familia michoacana drug cartel , authorities sa .
 nigeria election : goodluck jonathan concedes <sec> incumbent president goodluck jonathan acknowledges defeat , says he delivered on promise of fair elections .  muhammadu buhari 's party says jonathan called to concede even before final results are announced .  buhari is a 72-year-old retired major general who ruled in nigeria in the 1980 .
 suspect arrested in falcon lake killing , mexican authorities say <sec> new : hartley 's widow calls monday 's arrest an `` out-of-the-blue shock '' .  salvador martinez escobedo is suspected in the falcon lake killing of david hartley .  authorities have not said why or how they believe he was involved in the slaying .  a texas sheriff says the suspected zetas leader was not on his list of suspect .
 report : chinese dissident 's death under investigation <sec> new : investigation opened into chinese dissident li 's death , report says .  outrage over the circumstances of li 's death provoke protests in hong kong .  dissident 's death came two days after the anniversary of tiananmen square massacre .  amnesty international calls for investigation , protection of li 's family , friend .
 arizona boy who admitted killing father sentenced to treatment <sec> boy admitted to shooting and killing his father , another man in 2008 when he was 8 .  he 's sentenced to `` in-patient treatment '' that could go on for several years .  prosecutor says a psychiatrist will be involved in the treatment .  defense attorney ron wood : boy was upset , crying in court during sentencin .
 after six months , a six-pack emerges <sec> jason dinant , an ireport contributor , revamped his lifestyle to get six-pack abs .  dinant gave up processed and junk food , exercised 100+ hours for 6 months .  having big , defined muscles does n't mean the person is stronger , physiologist say .
 junior seau was hurting and did n't know how to say it <sec> don mcpherson : football 's junior seau , who committed suicide , to be memorialized today .  he says research shows punishing head injury , living with pain leads some to suicide .  he says he has his own scars from football ; junior 's death a sobering reminder of toll .  mcpherson : junior knew there were signs he was in trouble , did n't know how to get hel .
 facebook-skype deal must go beyond voice chat <sec> a rumored deal would enable skype calling between facebook friends .  skype 's following is already huge , but a connection to facebook would n't hurt .  users would also be able to use facebook chat over a browser to cell phone .
 weight-loss success : he lost 225 pounds <sec> at 405 pounds , tevante clark says he was extremely lonely .  tired of being overweight , he considered gastric bypass surgery .  he lost the weight naturally and says he 's found happines .
 giant judo champion : celine dion puts me in the zone <sec> teddy riner is the reigning heavyweight olympic judo champion .  frenchman measures in at a giant 6 foot , 8 inches tall and 282 pounds .  the 23-year-old says judo is as much a way of life as it is a sport .  he says he is dedicated to `` the search for ippon .
 temperatures plummet in green bay as san francisco 49ers beat packers <sec> the san francisco 49ers beat the green bay packers in freezing conditions .  temperatures at lambeau field in green bay measured four degrees fahrenheit .  wind chill made conditions feel like minus 14 .  the coldest match in nfl history took place at lambeau field in 196 .
 fda scrutinizing safety of asthma drug xolair <sec> study suggests increased number of heart attacks , strokes among xolair users .  fda says results are from observational study , not a randomized trial .  fda is not advising asthma patients who use xolair to stop .  drug is used by up to 35,000 patients with moderate to severe persistent asthm .
 south korean military embarrassed after defector from north knocks on door <sec> the north korea-south korea border is considered the most heavily militarized in the world .  this month , a north korean soldier crossed it undetected .  he is one of three defectors in the past two months , a lawmaker says .  the south korean defense minister apologizes for the security failur .
 police : teacher brought marijuana-laced food to after-work potluck <sec> teresa gilmete badger is an elementary schoolteacher .  at least two people were hospitalized after eating the food , police say .  at least one person tested positive for thc , marijuana 's intoxicating ingredient .  a 15-year-old got sick after eating leftovers from the part .
 the mentally ill -- jailed and desperate for help <sec> mentally ill inmates in miami are housed on the `` forgotten floor '' .  judge steven leifman says most are there as a result of `` avoidable felonies '' .  while cnn tours facility , patient shouts : `` i am the son of the president '' .  leifman says the system is unjust and he 's fighting for chang .
 israel fires on 29 'terror sites ' after rockets from gaza hit towns <sec> israel says 41 rockets land , with five hitting towns .  al-quds brigade in gaza calls the rocket fire operation 'breaking the silence ' .  israeli foreign minister advocates `` the full occupation of the whole of gaza '' .  a militant wing of islamic jihad in gaza claimed responsibility for the rocket fir .
 iran nuclear talks resume after more than a year <sec> new : sources say the talks are over for the day and will resume tuesday .  u.s. , british , chinese , russian , french , german and iranian officials meet .  the discussions are the first on iran 's nuclear program since over a year ago .  iran expresses concern about attacks on its nuclear scientist .
 fantastic city jogging trails around the world <sec> it 's possible to stay on your running routine even while visiting a big city .  running through nyc 's high line is like running through an outdoor museum , says one city runner .  tokyo 's yoyogi park is popular with blind runners thanks to volunteers who lead visually impaired runner .
 were bonuses tied to va wait times ? here 's what we know <sec> a preliminary va inspector general report reveals bonuses may have been a factor .  a va audit concludes managers felt compelled to manipulate the process .  the reason , according to the audit , was to meet performance goals .  the va has not identified who got bonuses or how much money was involve .
 obama says thanks on last day as illinois senator <sec> president-elect barack obama thanks illinois residents as he resigns from senate .  in letter , obama recalled moving to illinois , people he met during his u.s. senate run .  jesse jackson jr. , tammy duckworth among names mentioned to fill vacant sea .
 police report reveals new details in peru murder case <sec> police report says stephany flores found half-dressed .  joran van der sloot is suspect in flores ' killing .  hotel receptionist found flores ' bod .
 natalie cole feels 'remarkable ' with new kidney <sec> grammy-winning singer natalie cole said she 's doing well after kidney transplant .  cole has a comeback performance scheduled for september 9 .  she does n't know who donated the kidney , but knows the family requested she get it .  cole would `` absolutely '' like to meet her dono .
 times square group seeks to regulate costumed characters <sec> times square group seeks to regulate costumed characters .  move follows arrest of `` toy story '' character on sex abuse charges .  times square official : `` quirky is fine . .  creepy is not . .
 dj david guetta says electro music is 'growing ' <sec> french dj guetta says electro music has a long way to go before it 's as successful as hip hop , an urban genre .  in july , 180,000 music fans massed on the small belgian town of 'boom ' for the tomorrowland festival .  tomorrowland already has 4 million social media followers and over 80 million people watched the after-movi .
 2nd co-owner of plant facing charges over bad meat <sec> a former co-owner of a california slaughterhouse is accused of distributing bad meat .  the other co-owner and two former workers are also facing charges in the case .  prosecutors : robert singleton was responsible for buying cows and loading shipments .  authorities recalled nearly 9 million pounds of meat from the slaughterhouse in februar .
 saving orangutans before extinction in sumatra <sec> peter pratje says orangutans in sumatra are threatened by pulp and paper companies .  he 's working to introduce orangutans back into the wild .  `` the orangutan is an extremely vulnerable species , '' pratje say .
 top court says people have 'the right to be forgotten ' in google case <sec> the eu court of justice ruling says google must edit or remove search results .  in certain situations , people may request the search engine to remove unwanted results .  the ruling says google should act as a `` controller '' and is responsible for data it links t .
 maldives teen faces 100 lashes for fornication <sec> investigation began with the discovery of a dead baby , human rights group says .  maldivian girl , 15 , sentenced to 100 lashes and eight months house arrest for premarital sex .  the teenager was alleged victim of sexual abuse by her stepfather : amnesty international .  president 's spokesman claims lashing is `` ceremonial , '' insisting `` it 's not a painful process .
 pastor fatally shot by police in drug sting <sec> authorities say jonathan ayers was in car with drug suspect .  when police approached car , they claim ayers struck officer with vehicle .  another officer shot ayers ; both officers placed on paid administrative leave .  nothing illegal found in ayers ' vehicle , authorities sa .
 peirsol flops in major backstroke shock <sec> aaron peirsol fails to qualify for the final of the 100 meters backstroke in rome .  the defending champion and world record holder only ninth fastest in semifinal .  teenager sarah sjostrom sets second 100m butterfly world record in 24 hour .
 review : 'bully ' is eye-opening <sec> `` bully '' received an r rating because the f-word is used in it a handful of times .  director lee hirsch takes a sympathetic , insightful look at five anguished kids .  it 's a portrait of good kids reduced to shells of themselves by a climate of hate and fea .
 car bomb rocks hezbollah stronghold in southern beirut <sec> new : 18 killed , 291 wounded , state news says .  the army says a car bomb caused the blast .  an unknown group claims responsibility in a youtube video .  the area is a hezbollah stronghol .
 18th arson of the year burns in pennsylvania town <sec> back porch fire is ruled an arson in coatesville , pennsylvania .  the town , population 11,000 , has had 18 arsons so far this year .  at least 30 fires were deliberately set in the town in 2008 and 2009 .  fire swept through 15 coatesville homes the weekend of january 24-2 .
 zimmerman 's lawyer works to dispel racial overtones in trayvon martin case <sec> mark o'mara represents george zimmerman , who fatally shot trayvon martin .  he says the fbi found no evidence of racism .  an acquittal would n't be a loss for civil rights , he says .  zimmerman 's trial is scheduled to start june 1 .
 opinion : gop 's cowardly gun filibuster threat <sec> universal background checks on gun buyers favored by 90 % of americans .  john avlon says the threatened republican filibuster would thwart democracy .  he says the arguments against background checks are bogus .  avlon : real fear of gop senators is primary challenge funded by nr .
 harry potter and the morning after <sec> movie adaptations can be frustrating to fans of fantasy book series , like harry potter .  fans worry that filmmakers wo n't portray their favorite scenes correctly .  still , fans say they enjoy seeing the book characters come to lif .
 gay skier paerson : ioc out of touch on lgbt issues <sec> sweden 's anja paerson is a six-time olympic medalist .  paerson retired from alpine skiing in 2012 .  she is openly gay and is married with a child .  paerson critical of ioc over its handling of lgbt matter .
 serial slasher gets more than 400 years in prison <sec> authorities say proctor attacked six women .  proctor also has to pay money to two women who had their throats slashed .  police name proctor the `` box cutter .
 11 things to know before visiting hungary <sec> hungary has one of the highest nobel prize counts per capita .  paprika is of national importance .  here , goulash is a soup , not a stew .  per capita , the country has one of the highest tallies of olympic medals across both winter and summer game .
 review : gary clark jr. 's 'blak and blu ' <sec> clark spreads his musical bets on `` blak and blu '' .  clark has been the young titan of texas blues , coming out of austin in the early 2000s .  instead of having one signature sound , he delves into modern r & b , retro sou .
 in nba , collins ' defense , screens matter more than sexual orientation <sec> new : `` taking ownership over the here and now '' is collins ' current focus , ex-fiancee says .  despite age and ho-hum career stats , jason collins ' defense , intangibles could draw interest .  reporter , contract specialist : if teams do n't sign him because he 's gay , it wo n't be made public .  lack of playing time , $ 1.4 million minimum salary could work against 7-foot , 12-year vetera .
 same-sex couple denied high court review of adoption dispute <sec> the couple wants both their names listed on birth certificate .  louisiana only recognizes married couples as adoptive parents .  lambda legal says the decision leaves same-sex couples vulnerabl .
 kirk : first lady may run for his senate seat <sec> sen. kirk implies in a fund-raising email the first lady may run for his senate seat .  kirk ties the obama `` rumor '' to 1999 suggestions hillary clinton would run for senate .  he asks supporters to help him `` fend off a challenge from a democratic opponent '' .  but even the president has said there 's no chance michelle obama will ever run for offic .
 abu dhabi grand prix : hamilton fastest in practice <sec> lewis hamilton fastest in friday 's practice session .  mercedes teammate nico rosberg second quickest .  hamilton aiming to win second world championship .  briton leads by 17 points going into final race in abu dhab .
 natasha richardson part of legendary acting family <sec> actress natasha richardson granddaughter , daughter of britain 's famed redgraves .  richardson is married to actor liam neeson ; they have two children .  richardson has worked hard to establish her own name , is renowned for stage work .  actress injured in ski accident in quebec , canad .
 'community ' actor donald glover : i was just expressing myself <sec> `` community '' actor glover says he 's not depressed .  the actor had posted notes about his fears on instagram .  he says he 's glad he got it off his ches .
 mexican smugglers use pacific as new route <sec> interdictions of human cargo on the pacific have doubled since last year .  smugglers turn to water route as authorities crack down at land crossings .  as water route becomes more common , it 's also become more dangerous .  authorities say smugglers increasingly violent ; boats are cramme .
 ferguson prosecutor defends grand jury decision <sec> robert mcculloch made the indictment announcement late monday night .  he blasted social media and the `` insatiable appetite '' of the 24-hour news cycle .  mcculloch stressed the importance of physical evidenc .
 'sandy ' removed from list of hurricane names <sec> the world meteorological association decides to retire the name .  the death and destruction from sandy is the reason for retiring the name .  the name is being replaced with `` sara '' .  sandy struck the caribbean and u.s. east coast last octobe .
 falling for plaid : tartan takes a trendy turn <sec> many fashion designers incorporated plaids into recent fall and winter collections .  the earliest plaids have been around since at least 1500 bc .  queen victoria helped to popularize the look of scottish tarta .
 why uk should abolish its 'failed ' monarchy <sec> millions want monarchy consigned to history , argues graham smith of republic group .  republic says monarchy is wrong in principle , in practice and politically .  no room in democracy for head of state who is put there for life and by birth , smith says .  most monarchists implore us to believe in fantasy about queen 's role , he add .
