 parsing biden 's words : if hillary runs , he wo n't <sec> vice president biden tells cnn 's `` new day '' he 'll decide on a presidential bid in mid-2015 .  biden sounds raring to go , but his words hint hillary clinton has the edge .  among democrats , biden looks good against candidate abc ( anybody but clinton ) .  if he runs and wins in 2016 , biden would be the oldest to begin a presidenc .
 'grouch-in-chief ' andy rooney , 92 , signs off from '60 minutes ' <sec> new : morley safer says rooney spoke up `` for citizens fed up with everything '' .  in his final essay , rooney says , `` i wish i could do this forever , but i ca n't '' .  andy rooney has been with cbs since 1949 and with `` 60 minutes '' since 1978 .  he delivered 1,097 original essays during his time on the tv news prorgra .
 egypt 's morsy says courts ca n't overturn him <sec> morsy : any decisions until new constitution is established ca n't be overturned .  move could give him unchecked power for months ; protesters call him 'dictator ' .  declaration comes on 4th day of protests against president and the muslim brotherhood .  hundreds of muslim brotherhood supporters demonstrate for morsy on thursda .
 famous ( or infamous ) fan stories <sec> `` rainbow man , '' or the john 3:16 guy , is in prison .  communist dictator is a hoops fan .  from fan to talk radio host .  how an all-star heckler lost his sea .
 with sopa shelved , anti-piracy advocates take new approaches <sec> with sopa stalled in u.s. , anti-piracy advocates have taken the fight elsewhere .  internet service providers are planning to enforce `` six strikes '' rule on illegal downloads .  the motion picture industry is urging other nations , such as india , to act .  meanwhile , acta , an international treaty , is moving along in major countrie .
 crane partially collapses , dangles over new york street <sec> new : collapsed blamed on superstorm sandy .  evacuation zone widens ; le parker meridien hotel evacuated .  construction crane dangles over west 57th street in manhatta .
 pentagon says women in all combat units by 2016 - cnnpolitics.com <sec> pentagon ordered in january to open combat jobs for women .  plans allow for women to serve in special forces units , including seals .  not all commanders share same enthusiasm for integration program .  commanders concerned about impact on women , others on me .
 greece 's embattled leader hails from a political dynasty <sec> george papandreou was born in minnesota .  he is the son and grandson of former greek prime ministers .  during his first run for top job in 2004 , he did not shy away from touting his family legac .
 coast guard : 4 dead , 1 missing in fishing vessel 's sinking <sec> four crew members of seattle-based alaska ranger died , coast guard says .  others were rescued , but one person is still unaccounted for , spokesman says .  boat was about 120 miles west of dutch harbor in remote aleutian island .
 elite olympic coaches turn to business schools <sec> with 2012 games approaching , focus on coach development on the rise in uk .  elite coaches turn to program run by ashridge business school to build skills .  course designed to transfer lessons from business world to spor .
 last chance to stream 'titanic , ' 'top gun ' on netflix <sec> more than 80 movies , shows will no longer be available to stream on netflix on wednesday .  list includes `` titanic , '' `` top gun , '' `` being john malkovich , '' `` the kids in the hall '' .  the company 's dvd customers may still order the discs in the mai .
 chewbacca 's lightsaber triumphs over tsa <sec> chewbacca actor 's lightsaber-themed cane received extra tsa inspection .  the tsa check took less than five minutes , the agency says .  the tsa allows toy lightsabers in carry-on and checked baggage , a spokesperson say .
 opinion : treat chicago gangs as terrorists <sec> lz granderson : first quarter of 2013 saw 70 murders in chicago .  he asks why are n't gangs treated like terrorists ? .  they do damage like terrorists in boston .  he says children are unsafe , in terror because they must cross gang territory for school .  granderson : where is the urgency to fight such violence .
 china : tibetans planning suicide bombs <sec> suicide attacks are being planned by tibetan militants , chinese official says .  tibet 's prime minister-in-exile denies allegation .  tibet is center of a struggle for power between china and exiled tibet leaders .  pro-tibet demonstrations threaten to overshadow beijing 's summer olympic .
 liverpool held in prague ; ajax take command against anderlecht <sec> english club liverpool held to goalless club by sparta prague in europa league .  ajax take commanding 3-0 lead against anderlecht in belgium .  bayer leverkusen thrash fc metalist kharkiv 4-0 in ukraine .  oscar cardozo and franco jara score as benfica beat stuttgart 2- .
 children dead in belgian nursery knife attack <sec> 2 children , 1 adult killed in knife attack at creche , belgian interior ministry says .  three others reported seriously injured in attack in town of dendermonde .  attacker `` had painted face , '' local journalist tells cn .
 kovalainen quickest in abu dhabi practice <sec> heikki kovalainen tops timesheets in practice for abu dhabi grand prix .  kovalainen edges out lewis hamilton and world champion jenson button .  williams team have confirmed cosworth will be their new engine supplie .
 emotional watson finds belief after beating mickelson at torrey pines <sec> america 's bubba watson claims second pga tour title at torrey pines , california .  watson beats compatriot phil mickelson by one shot to win farmers insurance open .  emotional victory for 32-year-old watson , who last year lost his father to cancer .  former world number one tiger woods finishes in a disappointing 44th plac .
 ex-seals , online gaming maven among benghazi dead <sec> new : tyrone woods ' friends and family called him `` rone , '' clinton says .  security officer glen doherty was searching for anti-aircraft missiles , source says : .  computer expert sean smith was renowned in a gamer 's universe .  both died in benghazi with chris stevens , the u.s. ambassador to liby .
 opinion : rubio 's wild immigration ride <sec> ruben navarrette : immigration reform is not for the faint of heart or the thin-skinned .  navarrette : marco rubio has the thankless job of ginning up support among republicans .  he says most lawmakers prefer not to go near it ; for those who do , it can be frustrating .  navarrette : why ca n't the gop be confident and come up with policies that appeal to them .
 grievances , fears of instability spread to other south african mines <sec> mine workers gather at bafokeng rasimone platinum mine .  at nearby anglo american platinum mine , workers give management a list of demands .  both mines are in the same province near rustenbur .
 who is marilyn mosby ? <sec> prosecutor marilyn mosby has only been on the job since january .  she comes from a long line of police officers .  `` i think that she will follow where the evidence leads . .  i do not think she will follow just public opinion , '' says a supporte .
 murder charges dropped in maryland abortion case <sec> murder charges are dropped against two doctors over late-term abortions they performed .  the doctors , steven brigham and nicola riley , had each faced various counts of murder .  maryland is one of 38 states with fetal homicide law .
 steve martin apologizes , offers explanation for 'unfortunate ' tweet <sec> the comedian lands in hot water after inviting people to ask him questions on twitter .  he posts a response that appeared to some to be insulting african-americans .  `` it 's your brain , a button , then millions of reactions , '' he write .
 interim kaufman county da known as tough court opponent <sec> brandi fernandez has worked for kaufman county for nine years .  she was first assistant district attorney when picked to fill position of fallen da .  county official calls her very capable .  defense attorney tells newspaper she is a `` beast .
 5 don't-miss spots in belize <sec> the blue hole is world-renowned as an open-water diving spot .  the best way to tour ambergris caye is by golf cart .  lamanai was still occupied by the maya when the spanish first arrive .
 tv shows that changed the world <sec> `` dallas '' gave poor romanians a view of a better life .  j.r. ewing actor larry hagman greeted as hero in the country .  hubert humphrey blamed comic for election los .
 'bold and beautiful ' wo n't recast ridge ... for now <sec> actor ronn moss has decided to end his 25-year run as ridge forrester on the soap .  the head writer says the character will not be killed off .  moss ' last episode airs on sept. 1 .
 'baby doc ' duvalier returns to haiti in surprise move <sec> new : a planned press conference by duvalier was canceled .  the former dictator 's motives are not immediately clear .  duvalier has been living in exile for about 25 years .  `` baby doc '' duvalier led haiti for some 15 years before a revolt forced him to fle .
 who are the tea party activists ? <sec> tea party activists tend to be male , rural , upscale , overwhelmingly conservative .  poll : tea party activists would vote overwhelmingly gop in a two-party race for congress .  polling analyst : third parties ' problem is they siphon votes from closest allies .  tea party activists ' views on third parties mirror national trend , poll show .
 mtv 's 'faking it ' adds intersex character <sec> `` faking it '' character shown to be intersex .  mtv program is about two friends who fake being lesbians .  intersex character has male chromosomes but female sex characteristics .  not just a gimmick , says show creator , but `` a series-long storyline .
 u.n. security council to work on sudanese issues <sec> draft resolution would establish an interim peacekeeping force for abyei .  it calls for deployment of 4,200 peacekeepers to the region .  agreement 's purpose is to allow for troop withdrawal from abyei , ambassador say .
 why should n't marissa mayer look hot ? <sec> peggy drexler : talk of marissa mayer 's vogue piece focused on her appearance .  drexler : we ca n't blame mayer , or vogue , for society 's obsession with appearance . .  she says mayer has no say over the fact that looks matter , pretty people succeed more .  but it 's unfair , she says , to expect mayer to sit for a photo that was n't going to be flatterin .
 'g-force ' beats 'ugly truth ' and 'potter ' at box office <sec> disney 's family comedy brought in an estimated $ 32.2 million over the weekend .  the sixth installment of the `` potter '' series raked in another $ 30 million at no . .  2 .  `` the ugly truth , '' starring katherine heigl and gerard butler , took in $ 27 million .  check out the other top earners on this weekend 's top 10 lis .
 airline finds 737-300s safe to fly after hole forms in one jet <sec> new : southwest inspects all its 737-300 aircraft after one develops hole midflight .  passengers describe ordeal , praise professionalism of flight crew .  baltimore-bound southwest jet makes emergency landing in west virginia .  football-sized hole in fuselage causes cabin to depressurize , oxygen masks to dro .
 gory decapitation video highlights brazil 's prison problems <sec> a newspaper releases a video of a gory scene .  three inmates were decapitated inside a jail .  brazil 's jails face problems of violence and overcrowdin .
 lightning bolts and ice : testing planes to withstand wild weather <sec> extreme weather conditions can alter the performance of planes in flight .  a lightning-lab at cardiff university recreates the conditions present when lightning strikes a plane .  an ice-tunnel experiment at cranfield university analyzes the build up of ice on engines and wing .
 former baseball star lenny dykstra sentenced in federal bankruptcy case <sec> former mets star amassed fortune playing baseball and investing in stocks .  he had faced up to 20 years but pleaded guilty to three felonies .  dykstra admitted he had sold items from his mansion after creditors seized property .  he was already in prison , serving a three-year sentence for another crim .
 french bid to rescue hostage in somalia fails , leading to soldier 's death <sec> france 's president says the hostage rescue operation `` did not succeed '' .  a french soldier dies ; one is missing ; the hostage is presumed dead , france says .  but al-shabaab says the hostage is alive and at a new location .  france says it undertook the rescue bid after the hostage-takers failed to negotiat .
 for mubarak , once egypt 's strongman , a long fall from grace <sec> hosni mubarak is sentenced to life in prison for his role in the killing of protesters .  supporters slam his conviction , while anti-mubarak protesters call for a harsher penalty .  he ruled the country for 30 years before his ouster as president in february last year .  the judge orders mubarak 's transfer to a maximum security priso .
 english body reflects on rogers ' reasons <sec> the body that represents footballers in england may step up efforts to help gay players .  professional footballers ' association reacting to robbie rogers ' first media interview .  former u.s. international says it is 'impossible ' to come out while still playing footbal .
 colorado 's recreational marijuana stores make history <sec> new : denver mayor says pot shops , buyers behaved `` responsibly and with great accountability '' .  pot buyers at one shop come from canada , australia , italy , hawaii , alaska .  700 people in line take numbers at another pot shop , but can it serve so many ? .  `` what 's going on ? '' .  a curious passenger asks ; `` legal pot sale ! '' .  a man in line replie .
 investec loyal confirmed as line honors winner of sydney-hobart after protest dismissed <sec> investec loyal 's rolex sydney-hobart victory confirmed .  protest by race committee dismissed by jury of appeal .  five-time winner wild oats xi finished second in close finish .  battle for handicap honors still to be decide .
 attempted murder charge for man accused of shooting soldier <sec> new : the da also filed special allegations including premeditation .  19-year-old ruben jurado is expected to be arraigned wednesday or thursday .  he is accused of shooting an army soldier at his homecoming .  the soldier was already recovering from wounds suffered in afghanista .
 blatter insists fifa ready to hit racists hard <sec> fifa threatens more hard-line approach to racism .  fifa president sepp blatter says clubs could be hit with points deduction or relegation if found guilty .  uefa president michel platini has also recently insistedhis organization will get tough with racism .  frenchman platini has backed stance taken by ac milan 's kevin prince-boaten .
 when romney faces latino voters <sec> the supreme court heard oral arguments about arizona 's immigration law .  ali noorani : arizona 's law matters to the fastest growing electorate , latino voters .  he says it 's mind-boggling that mitt romney is still an anti-immigrant firebrand .  noorani : if gop ca n't come up with smart immigration policy , it will suffer in fall electio .
 official : restoration work begins on damaged egyptian artifacts <sec> the restoration work is expected to take about three days .  the egyptian museum in cairo remains closed for now .  zahi hawass : protesters should go home so life can return to norma .
 airport layovers , more pleasure than pain <sec> increasingly , airports are being defined by their amenities .  golf courses , movie theaters , art galleries can be found at international airports .  passengers at dallas fort worth international airport can stretch in a yoga studio between flights . .  at laguardia , delta have installed restaurants helmed by new york 's culinary elit .
 more rain forecast for storm-battered philippines <sec> new : the government revises the death toll , based on a regional count .  flash floods and landslides are possible in mindanao and visayas .  the u.n. has made an appeal to raise $ 28 million to deal with the 'huge ' humanitarian need .
 jamie lynn spears pregnancy raises legal questions <sec> experts say there is a disparity in how statutory rape laws are applied .  jamie lynn spears is 16 , and her boyfriend -- the father of her child -- is 18 .  there has been no talk of criminal prosecution involving the couple .  experts : attorneys choose when to prosecute , leading to unfairnes .
 keep holiday food away from your pooch <sec> letting dogs eat thanksgiving leftovers can do more harm than good .  the holidays are a perfect time to teach your dog to greet people politely and avoid tempting food .  as an owner look out for your dogs well-being and make sure your guests do n't feed him or he .
 tupac movie to focus on rapper 's final day <sec> the long-gestating tupac shakur movie may begin production this november .  the film , originally written in a documentary style , will not be a biopic .  plans for the movie began in 2007 when tupac 's mother sold the right .
 longtime republicans torn between party loyalty and obamacare <sec> republicans benefiting from 'obamacare ' face a tough choice in november .  people with pre-existing conditions , youth might fare differently under romney 's plan .  some republicans will switch vote ; others are still voting for romne .
 at least 33 dead in peru bus crash <sec> the bus toppled off a mountain road and into a river , reports say .  the death toll may rise .  it happened early saturday morning near the city of trujill .
 hundreds protest against al-shabaab in somalia <sec> hundreds of somalis chanted slogans denouncing the al qaeda-inspired group .  only the nation 's second public demonstration against al-shabaab .  demonstration was staged in a government-controlled area of the city .  took place after militant group destroyed tombs of revered sufi cleric .
 brazil overtake spain on top of fifa rankings <sec> brazil are back at the top of the fifa world rankings after a two-year absence .  dunga 's side return to head of the list after winning recent confederations cup .  european champions spain drop to second position after their semifinal defea .
 tsa seeks to fire or suspend largest group of agents ever <sec> the tsa says 44 employees at newark 's airport did not follow screening procedures .  it plans to fire 25 of them and suspend the other 19 .  procedures were not followed on about 250 bags over two months , the tsa say .
 jacques villeneuve back at the brickyard with indy 500 bid <sec> jacques villeneuve to race at this year 's indy 500 .  the 42-year-old canadian will drive for schmidt peterson motorsports .  villeneuve won the famous race the last time he competed in 1995 .  went on to race in formula one and took 1997 world championshi .
 italian leaders inter stumble again with palermo draw <sec> inter milan face prospect of losing italian league lead to their bitter city rivals .  defending champions move two points clear of ac milan , who face napoli on sunday .  palermo go two points ahead of juventus in fourth place .  roma consolidate third place with 4-2 victory over udinese with mirko vucinic trebl .
 blatter : no deal with uefa chief platini <sec> sepp blatter denies a plot to hand over fifa presidency to michel platini .  report from espn suggests platini would succeed blatter in two years .  platini is the president of european football 's ruling body uefa .  blatter was elected unopposed for a fourth term as fifa chief in jun .
 19 dead in somalia fighting <sec> the violence is called a `` horrific tragedy '' .  a source describes `` fear and chaos in mogadishu .
 how social media can hurt your career <sec> as social media increases , it is also becoming a way to get reprimanded or fired .  touting a job offer or badmouthing your job could get back to the boss upstairs .  the same rules for twitter also apply to your facebook status update .  another good rule ? .  do n't mention your job search if you 're still employe .
 park geun-hye becomes south korea 's first female president <sec> the inauguration of park geun-hye is held in seoul , south korea .  park becomes the east asian nation 's first female president .  her father was park chung-hee , who ruled south korea from 1961 to 1979 .  she 's vowed a softer approach to north korea , hoping to build a `` zone of trust .
 'we 're staying , we 're local ' <sec> on new jersey 's barrier islands , most residents are leaving .  a few locals remain to see out hurricane sandy .  rising water breaks through dunes and floods street .
