 hands-off with the samsung galaxy s iv <sec> samsung 's galaxy s iv comes with a spate of no-touch features .  air view will let users expand content by hovering a finger over the screen .  with air gesture , scrolling or moving to new screen happens with a swip .
 veteran dutch coach hiddink takes reins at russian club anzhi <sec> former chelsea manager guus hiddink takes over at russian club anzhi makhachkala .  hiddink , who has also managed holland , russia and australia , signs 18-month deal .  cameroon striker samuel eto'o and brazilian roberto carlos play for big-spending anzh .
 strike over , hollywood writers head back to work <sec> more than 92 percent of writers vote to end 100-day walkout and return to work .  writers guild of america strike began november 5 .  issues in walkout included handling of writers ' work for new media such as internet .  report : february 24 oscar show will go on as usua .
 s. korean pm-to-be resigns amid pressure <sec> kim tae-ho announced his resignation as prime minister-designate sunday .  the decision is a blow to the efforts of president lee myung-bak .  critics said kim had discrepancies during his confirmation hearin .
 rodman in rehab : i 'm not an ambassador to north korea <sec> rodman says he does n't know the details of detained american kenneth bae 's case .  the interview with cnn 's chris cuomo is his first since entering rehab .  this month , rodman organized a trip to north korea with former nba player .
 # icezilla leaves several northeast states coated in ice <sec> ice storms hit connecticut , new york , new jersey and pennsylvania .  # icezilla is the name the mayor of danbury , connecticut , gave the stor .
 seventh victory of the season for dominant lorenzo <sec> jorge lorenzo wins czech motogp in brno for his seventh win of the season .  spanish star matches record of legends giacomo agostino and michael doohan .  compatriot dani pedrosa finishes second with casey stoner in third .  reigning world champion valentino rossi claims fifth plac .
 nfl apologizes for super bowl seat fiasco <sec> new : fans can choose tickets to super bowl 2012 or one of their choosing , nfl says .  about 400 ticket-holders failed to get seats on sunday .  another 850 had to be accommodated in other parts of the stadium .  some fans are thinking of suing the nf .
 the bones of peter and the eyes of faith <sec> roman catholics will gather at the vatican sunday for service marking `` year of faith '' .  bones believed to be those of st. peter will be displayed for first time .  vatican analyst says while bones ' identity is unconfirmed , they are an object of devotion .  john allen : bones are a `` scientific controversy ... wrapped in a blanket of belief .
 men who stuck by the 'other woman ' <sec> some times an affair can lead to marriage .  prince charles wed camilla parker bowles after both divorced their spouses .  humphrey bogart was unhappily married when he met future wife lauren bacal .
 utah private , five other victims of massacre laid to rest <sec> pfc . .  aaron thomas nemelka was buried saturday in snowy west jordan , utah .  nemelka was one of six fort hood massacre victims laid to rest on saturday .  the 19-year-old combat engineer was set for deployment in afghanistan .  maj. nidal malik hasan has been charged in the slayings at the army base in texa .
 knee injury continues to 'bother ' rafael nadal <sec> rafael nadal loses both the singles and doubles finals at the vtr open .  the event in chile was nadal 's first for seven months after a knee injury .  the spaniard beaten 6-7 ( 2-7 ) 7-6 ( 8-6 ) 6-4 by argentina 's horacio zeballos .  zeballos becomes only the third player to beat nadal in a clay court fina .
 behind the nsa 's mysterious coded tweet <sec> the nsa sent a mysterious coded tweet to its 10,000 followers this week .  internet sleuths solved the mystery in minutes .  the tweet was a recruiting tool for the intelligence agenc .
 his parents said , 'not with a white girl ' <sec> diane farr was surprised to be seen as an undesirable race by boyfriend 's family .  growing up , farr battled the prejudice of her parents when dating men of other races .  farr looks for a common ground : american cultur .
 google lets you hand-write e-mail <sec> google has added a tool that reads your handwriting and turns it into text .  the new input option is available on gmail and google docs .  it 's aimed at languages where drawing a character might be easier than typing it on a keyboar .
 clinton visit presents opportunity in myanmar <sec> hillary clinton 's trip to myanmar could be a breakthrough , says suzanne dimaggio .  dimaggio : u.s. should actively test the new government 's credibility and push for change .  re-engagement could clarify the burmese military 's nuclear ambitions , she says .  this moment is a chance to help move myanmar away from authoritarian rule , says dimaggi .
 rosetta comet landing : why we should all be excited <sec> rosetta mission lands philae probe on the surface of a comet .  it has taken 10 years for the esa-led spacecraft to rendezvous with its target .  experts weigh in on why this is a monumental achievement for humanit .
 5 ways the highway crisis could affect you <sec> federal trust fund that pays for road repairs is running out of money - fast .  congress facing august 1 deadline to act to avoid spending reductions .  no action could worsen road conditions , traffic congestion .  construction jobs and other economic benefits could be casualties of inactio .
 by the numbers : presidential libraries <sec> 13 - number of presidential libraries in the united states .  3 - number of presidential libraries located at universities in texas .  more than $ 500 million - amount raised for the george w. bush presidential librar .
 husband quietly captures the kitchen <sec> gorney was always the cook , until her husband came home with a 600-page cookbook .  her husband began making elaborate dinners every night .  both spouses cooking shows a balance of marital give-and-take .  however , she says he better stay away from cooking dessert .
 why naples is drowning in garbage <sec> rubbish is piling up on the streets of naples , with municipal dumps full .  many commentators question the role of the local mafia in the award of contracts .  more than $ 2.5b in emergency funds has been spent on the problem over the years .  one dump was going to be a golf course -- residents furious it is being re-opene .
 so you missed the inca trail ? a guide to alternate treks <sec> there 's a 500 person per day limit on the historic inca trail .  several more serene alternate treks can be booked mere days in advance .  for those seeking more of an adventure , choquequirao is the ideal tre .
 the great airspace race : can turkish airlines continue to soar ? <sec> turkish airlines expanding into asia , europe and africa .  new hub airport in istanbul with first stage set to open in 2017 .  aviation industry set to expand dramatically by 203 .
 singer cliff richard denies underage sex allegation <sec> police search home of british singer cliff richard .  they said they were investigating a sex allegation from the 1980s involving a boy .  richard issues a statement denying the allegation as `` completely false '' .  the singer said he would cooperate fully with the polic .
 oil billionaire pickens puts his money on wind power <sec> t. boone pickens launches plan to reduce u.s. dependence on foreign oil .  oilman calls for more use of wind power , switch to natural gas to power vehicles .  pickens ' company has announced plan to build world 's largest wind farm in texas .  wind turbines could supply 20 percent or more of u.s. power needs , pickens say .
 rights groups urge the uae to drop charges against activists <sec> they face charges of public insult against the president .  human rights watch accuses the uae of misusing the law to persecute free speech .  uae authorities have not seen street protests but helped fight protesters in bahrain .  all five defendants have pleaded not guilty ; their trial resumes monda .
 7 train trips of a lifetime <sec> luxury train travel is about enjoying the ride and savoring the sights .  the al andalus winds its way through southern spain 's most iconic medieval cities .  the trans-siberian express crosses 6,000 miles and eight time zone .
 can alibaba topple the silicon valley giants ? <sec> alibaba 's public offering raises questions about the future of tech startups in china .  to date , very few large chinese technology companies have emerged .  alibaba owes its success to china 's high shopping rates and large consumer market .  ping wong believes that china 's counterfeit culture is the company 's biggest challeng .
 atari 's `` e.t . '' video game unearthed from new mexico landfill <sec> not so fast , atari historian says : e.t . .  copies may not be the bulk of the dump .  film crew unearths long-lost atari game `` e.t . '' .  in new mexico landfill .  the company dumped truckloads of the flop during a 1983 slump .  `` something that i did 32 years ago is still creating joy , '' designer say .
 weight loss success : 'teacher of the year ' loses 270 <sec> high school teacher jeff baxter was 465 pounds at his heaviest .  he underwent gastric sleeve surgery and lost more than 270 pounds .  baxter 's newfound energy helped him win kansas ' teacher of the year in 201 .
 greenpeace activists occupy shell oil rig in pacific <sec> six protesters scale the polar pioneer , hundreds of miles northwest of hawaii .  greenpeace opposes shell 's plans to drill for oil in the arcti .
 assault on nyc police stokes fears <sec> new : no link seen between assailant and radical islam , senior law officer says .  zale thompson swung a hatchet at four police officers in queens , wounding two .  the other two shot him dead , authorities sa .
 geneticists studying connecticut shooter 's dna <sec> spokeswoman : university of connecticut health center geneticists are studying the dna .  genetics experts say no single gene or mutation will emerge to explain adam lanza 's acts .  lanza murdered 26 people , including 20 children , at sandy hook school on december 1 .
 progress , pitfalls as u.s. troops leave iraq <sec> larry diamond says there are signs of progress in iraq .  however , he says , the country is slipping backward on political , security fronts .  iraq 's major leaders , parties unable to agree on how to share power .  as u.s. troops leave , iraq is also losing top government officials , judges to assassination .
 gaza 's zoo animals caught in crossfire of israel-hamas conflict <sec> zoo in gaza nearly destroyed during recent israel-hamas conflict .  many of the zoo 's animals were killed -- and the survivors are struggling from lack of food and water .  cnn understands the israeli military believes hamas may have had rocket launchers in vicinity of zoo .  hamas says the park is a civilian area , but cnn crew saw metal cases that looked like destroyed rocket batterie .
 fantasy author : i have alzheimer 's <sec> multi-million selling writer has `` a very rare form of early onset alzheimer 's '' .  terry pratchett says work continuing on books , plans to honor commitments .  discworld novels are set in a fantasy universe but satirize modern day life .  received the order of the british empire from the prince of wales in 199 .
 messi record as barcelona bounce back <sec> barcelona eight points clear in spain as lionel messi scores record 50th goal of season .  argentine comes off the bench in much-changed team for 2-0 win over osasuna .  real madrid continue from cup win with 6-3 thrashing of third-placed valencia .  fifth-placed athletic bilbao beat basque rivals real sociedad 2-1 at hom .
 pakistan arrests man in daniel pearl 's slaying <sec> officials suspect qari abdul hayee facilitated daniel pearl 's kidnapping .  the wall street journal reporter was kidnapped and decapitated in 2002 .  a suspected 9/11 mastermind confessed to killing pearl .  he was in karachi researching a story about militants and terroris .
 4 guilty of helping madrid bombers flee <sec> four men convicted of helping madrid bombing suspects flee .  ten others acquitted by spain 's national court .  march 11 , 2004 , attacks killed 191 people and wounded 1,80 .
 consumers covet 4g , the tech no one understands <sec> survey finds 75 % of consumers list 4g as one of the features that `` ideal '' phone would have .  4g networks are currently underdeveloped , but carriers have been strongly marketing .  at & t 's brand-new lte network is only available in five urban markets .  verizon 's lte network is available to 110 of nation 's estimated 307 million peopl .
 chertoff : inauguration security forces 'ready ' <sec> homeland security chief takes a final tour of inauguration hot spots .  authorities have heard no credible threats , he says .  chertoff says officials will be watching `` every minute '' through the day .  he says he 's tried to avoid security overkil .
 north korea threatens to pull out of family reunions <sec> sk minister : `` the agreement must be kept '' .  the reunions will take place between february 20 and 25 , south korea says .  north korea canceled previously scheduled reunions last year .  tensions remain over u.s.-south korean drill .
 energy , wealth and wildlife : wyoming looks for harmony <sec> in 2006 , wyoming provided enough natural gas to heat 27 million homes .  biologists say the increased pace of drilling is hurting wildlife , habitat .  studies show sage grouse down by 80 percent ; mule deer down by 42 percent .  communities say they want balance between drilling and habitat protectio .
 details on nsa-thwarted plots coming , lawmaker says <sec> new : edward snowden to participate in live online chat monday , the guardian reports .  national security agency director to release details of electronic surveillance programs .  report : britain spied on delegates at an international economic summit in the uk .  several hundred protesters took to hong kong 's streets saturday to support snowde .
 jim carrey takes on matthew mcconaughey on 'snl ' <sec> jim carrey hosts `` saturday night live '' for third time .  `` dumb and dumber '' co-star jeff daniels makes cameo .  carrey plays matthew mcconaughey 's role in lincoln car commercia .
 rio 's victory is a victory for lula da silva , too <sec> lula da silva calls announcement `` the greatest gift that a president could have '' .  brazil 's president rose from metalworker to union organizer to politician .  his election to the presidency in 2001 came after three unsuccessful tries .  rio 's hosting the pan-american games was seen as a trial run for the olympic .
 cameron to take business leaders into myanmar <sec> british prime minister david cameron is to arrive in myanmar friday .  he is leading a delegation of 10 business leaders to the country .  companies locked out of myanmar by sanctions are looking for opportunities .  cameron is currently in southeast asia with a dleegation of 35 business leader .
 israel suspends officer over beating of u.s. teen <sec> new : an israeli police officer is suspected of committing `` serious violent offenses '' .  authorities carried out an investigation into the beating of a u.s. teen caught on video .  high school student tariq abu khdeir says he was attacked amid protests in jerusalem .  israeli authorities say he was identified by police as participating in the unres .
 conflicting portrayals emerge of megaupload founder <sec> kim dotcom is the founder of megaupload , a site shut down by the u.s. last week .  he is one of seven people indicted on copyright and other charges .  prosecutors say he could use multiple identities to flee new zealand .  his lawyer says he is law-abiding and wants to stay with his famil .
 supreme court possibilities if obama is reelected - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the obama administration keeps an informal list of possible supreme court nominees .  experts see six women , two men in pool of potential nominees if obama reelected .  three potential candidates hold state or federal political posts .  three judges discussed among legal experts sit on 9th federal circuit in san francisc .
 marijuana : life sentence for buying weed ? ( opinion ) <sec> a missouri man received a life sentence for possessing marijuana .  vanita gupta : the country has spent decades ratcheting up penalty for drug infractions .  she says states must change sentencing laws so punishment fits the crim .
 asus fonepad is a 7-inch tablet that can make calls <sec> presenting : the asus fonepad , a 7-inch tablet that 's also a phone .  the android-powered device features a new intel atom processor , and claims superior specs to google 's nexus 7 .  the device is released march 2013 , with prices starting at $ 28 .
 japanese debate intensifies as man sets himself alight <sec> man sets himself on fire near busy tokyo train station in apparent protest .  the man appeared to be a pacifist protesting impending change to the japanese constitution .  `` re-interpreting '' of document likely to go ahead tuesday , despite widespread reservation .
 battling ebola with homegrown weapons <sec> the deadly ebola virus has killed over 5,100 people worldwide during this outbreak .  african business leaders have committed $ 28 million and logistical support to fight the virus .  voice-messaging systems are being developed to educate people in their local language about how to avoid infection .  music is being used as a means to spread the message about ebol .
 airport screeners discover more than 1,500 guns in 2012 <sec> many of the guns discovered at checkpoints were loaded , according to the tsa .  agency assumes that most passengers made an honest mistake , spokesman says .  a sword and four inert grenades were among other prohibited items discovere .
 cargo in deadly quebec derailment misidentified , investigators say <sec> investigation finds tankers were carrying more volatile fuel than labeling showed .  development explains why fuel ignited so quickly in july derailment in lac-megnatic .  disaster claimed 47 lives as tankers exploded and leveled downtown are .
 cops stun stockton shooting suspect <sec> alfonso martinez , 20 , arrested after 7-month manhunt .  police use stun gun on suspect , who tried to escape in car .  martinez allegedly followed , shot two boys after dispute .  teen lost an eye and hearing in one ear , needed brain surger .
 florida man escapes police , but is grabbed by a gator <sec> incident started after deputies pulled over 20-year-old in pinellas park .  he allegedly stopped the vehicle , jumped out and broke through a nearby fence .  he encountered an alligator , which bit him .  police arrested him the same day at the hospita .
 afrobeats : the new sound of west africa that 's going global <sec> afrobeats is a west african style of music making waves internationally .  it is distinct from fela kuti 's afrobeat sound .  scene 's biggest names include d'banj , atumpan , wizkid , may7ven and r2bee .
 schlierenzauer wins in garmisch <sec> gregor schlierenzauer wins garmisch round of four hills ski-jumping tournament .  austrian andreas kofler , who won at oberstdorf , maintains the overall standings lead .  u.s. snowboarder kevin pearce suffers head injuries in training accident for halfpipe even .
 rescuers search for hundreds still missing in philippines after typhoon <sec> typhoon bopha has so far killed 647 people in the philippines .  a another 780 people are missing , including hundreds of fishermen .  relief agencies are trying to help the thousands of people left homeless by the stor .
 minnesota women found guilty of raising money for somali terror group <sec> indictment says women solicited funds under pretense that they were for the needy .  a federal jury convicted them thursday .  al-shabaab is a somali militant group affiliated with al qaed .
 childhood friend recalls tragic diarist anne frank <sec> anne frank would have celebrated her 80th birthday this week .  frank , 15 , died at auschwitz concentration camp in poland .  her diary is one of the world 's mostly widely-read books .  like frank , eva schloss and her family fled from nazi persecution of the jew .
 africa cup of nations : equatorial guinea 's 'war zone ' <sec> thursday 's africa cup of nations was overshadowed by violence in the stadium .  hosts equatorial guinea were beaten 3-0 by ghana , prompting angry scenes .  ghana will play ivory coast in sunday 's fina .
