 navy identifies 2 killed in f/a18-f crash <sec> navy plane crashed near air station in central california .  crew members were based at naval air station lemoore .  review board is investigating cause of cras .
 fifa asks italy to investigate allegations of racism <sec> fifa asks italian soccer federation to investigate alleged racist remarks .  carlo tavecchio said to have referred to african players as `` banana eaters '' .  tavecchio running to be president of the italian football federation in august .  italian prime minister among those questioning his suitability for the rol .
 fast internet access becomes a legal right in finland <sec> providers will need to supply connection speeds of at least 1 megabit per second .  but finland is aiming for speeds that are 100 times faster .  95 percent of finnish population have some sort of internet access .  the law is designed to bring the web to rural area .
 7 of michael jackson doctors will not face criminal charges <sec> lapd asks state drug agents to probe seven jackson doctors , one nurse .  one doctor referred to medical board .  attorney general : no evidence to support criminal prosecution .  dr. conrad murray already faces a criminal charg .
 cnn student news - may 23 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 boehner : keystone veto like calling americans 'stupid ' <sec> the senate is voting tuesday on whether to approve the keystone xl pipeline .  the house passed the keystone bill last friday .  sen. mary landrieu said she has secured the 60 votes needed to secure passag .
 in iraq , a bushel of problems threaten stability <sec> sectarian divisions , terror , regional conflict and economic issues all threaten iraqi stability .  continued violence could also threaten the country 's oil exports and economy .  all these issues form backdrop for iraqi prime minister 's visit with president obam .
 is mystery underwater sound the crash of flight 370 ? <sec> an australian university releases an audio clip and other information .  researchers have studied records from underwater listening devices .  a sound that was picked up is not near the current search area for mh370 .  the academics say it could be related to the missing plane , or just a natural even .
 mother 's milk stirs unlikely political debate <sec> obama promotes breast-feeding as way to limit obesity in children .  irs says breast-feeding supplies can be listed as medical expenses .  conservative michele bachmann links two as `` hard left '' move to `` nanny state '' .  medical organizations back breast-feeding , support irs mov .
 biden marks transfer of u.s. command in iraq <sec> new : odierno notes iraqi fight against tyranny .  new : iraqi officials attended the ceremony .  new : biden : `` high-speed invasion '' became struggle against extemist .
 tests show spanish nurse 's aide free of ebola <sec> u.s. restricts passenger arrivals from liberia , sierra leone , guinea to five airports .  spanish nurse 's aide is free of the ebola virus after another test , doctors say .  national institutes of health has begun testing ebola vaccine .  who hopes to start vaccine trials in west africa by january 201 .
 first night-flowering orchid found in asia <sec> botanists discover first night-flowering orchid on island near papua new guinea .  buds produce a flower which opened at 10pm before closing twelve hours later .  first of around 25,000 orchid species to do so and one of only hundreds of plant .
 what will happen to t.i . 's career ? <sec> rapper t.i . .  will be taken into custody no earlier than may 19 .  music experts say one year away is too short a time for fans to forget him .  t.i . .  's grammy-nominated album `` paper trail '' has sold nearly 2 million copies .  other rappers like 2pac and lil ' kim have found success after priso .
 safina shocks paris top seed sharapova <sec> top-seeded maria sharapova was a shock casualty at the french open .  world no . .  1 crashed 6-7 7-6 6-2 against fellow russian dinara safina .  safina , the 13th seed , faces another russian elena dementieva in last .
 poroshenko sets out ukraine 's european destiny , warns adversaries <sec> ukraine 's new president sets course toward european union .  petro poroshenko made his fortune as the chocolate king .  he talked tough on separatists in his inaugural addres .
 juventus defiant in match-fix controversy <sec> juventus president andrea agnelli claims the turin giants have won 30 serie a titles .  club stripped of two scudettos in 2005 and 2006 in the italian match-fixing scandal .  a sign displaying the number 30 has appeared at the the new stadium in turin .  agnelli wants the club to become a major force again in european footbal .
 commentary : time for palin to answer tough questions <sec> roland martin : gov . .  palin talks tough on the campaign trail .  martin : palin has ducked questions about many difficult issues .  palin has given only a limited number of interviews , martin says .  palin has n't been forthcoming on the alaska ethics investigation , he say .
 weather disasters cost $ 110 billion in 2012 <sec> there were 11 major disaster events last year .  each one cost more than $ 1 billion in damages .  superstorm sandy and the yearlong drought were the costlies .
 south korean military captures fugitive soldier <sec> new : the soldier 's life is not in danger after he underwent surgery , officials say .  new : he left a note apologizing to the victims and their families , the defense ministry says .  sgt . .  lim is accused of killing five fellow soldiers at a base near the north korean border .  he was carrying out military service and has been deemed in need of special attentio .
 miley cyrus on the mend , plans new concert dates <sec> miley cyrus has rescheduled her postponed u.s. tour .  she 's added in two new stops to the calendar .  the performances are set for early august .  she had to postpone april concerts due to an allergic reactio .
 dueling narratives in michael brown shooting <sec> officer who fatally shot teen is identified as darren wilson , 28 .  police say michael brown was prime suspect in a robbery just before police shooting .  witnesses , police concur that tussle preceded shooting , brown was unarmed .  details in dispute as witnesses deny claim that brown reached for officer 's weapo .
 cameron douglas pleads guilty to possessing drugs in prison <sec> cameron douglas faces a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison .  douglas obtained the narcotics at the metropolitan correctional center in manhattan .  `` god knows i am sorry , '' he say .
 guinea-bissau killings raise coup fears <sec> two former allies of guinea-bissau 's assassinated president killed , military says .  military says pair were plotting against government ; some fear military plans coup .  president vieira assassinated march 2 in attack on presidential palace .  former portuguese colony has a history of military coup .
 blast reported at soccer viewing center in northeastern nigeria <sec> an explosion hit a soccer viewing center in damaturu , in yobe state .  people were watching the brazil-mexico world cup match at the time .  northeastern nigeria has been plagued by violent attacks by boko hara .
 majestic mosaic of queen projected on buckingham palace <sec> buckingham palace will project the art installation from april 19-21 .  a montage of queen elizabeth ii is made of over 200,000 self portraits of children from the u.k .  project celebrates children in the year britain hosts the diamond jubilee and olympic .
 commentary : why race still matters <sec> roithmayr , charles : race dominated the senate hearing on sotomayor .  they say research shows groups of diverse people make better decisions .  having sotomayor on court will widen life experiences of the justices , they say .  roithmayr , charles : we should strive for diversity of class , gender , geograph .
 u.n. secretary-general : sri lanka sites for the displaced 'appalling ' <sec> new : ban ki-moon says camp contains `` the most appalling scenes i have seen '' .  new : ban asks president to grant unrestricted access to humanitarian agencies .  about 250,000 to 300,000 people are refugees in the country , aid agencies say .  sri lankan government has declared victory in the country 's 25-year civil wa .
 commentary : growing up in the world of 'the wire ' <sec> hbo 's `` the wire '' is praised for realism , but how real is it ? .  cnn.com writer who grew up in `` the wire 's '' baltimore neighborhood renders verdict .  writer says show confuses `` hopelessness with authenticity '' .  but dialogue crackles , the characters are rich , writer say .
 tsvangirai returns home despite plot fears <sec> opposition leader morgan tsvangirai returns to zimbabwe .  tsvangirai says he feels safe despite fears of a possible assassination bid .  tsvangirai faces a runoff election against president robert mugabe june 2 .
 cnn student news transcript : december 3 , 2010 <sec> explore what could happen if the u.s. does n't take action on the debt .  consider the penalty for a football player 's post-touchdown prayer .  join the first lady for a tour of the white house 's holiday decorations .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 u.s. negotiators try to persuade pirates to free captain <sec> new : backup heading to scene of standoff , gen. david petraeus says .  maersk alabama leaves scene with armed detail as negotiations for captain continue .  fbi assists in negotiations with pirates holding capt . .  richard phillips in lifeboat .  u.s. navy warned that pirates increasing range of operation .
 texas governor demands apology over newspaper 's plant blast cartoon <sec> `` i wo n't stand for someone mocking the tragic deaths , '' perry says .  cartoonist says he stands by his work .  the cartoon was published the same day as the memorial for victim .
 thom yorke 's atoms for peace steps 'into the unknown ' <sec> thom yorke 's group , atoms for peace , has an album arriving early next year .  the music was born out of a three-day studio session .  radiohead 's nigel godrich says the album steps `` into the unknown '' .  atoms for peace wants to tour again after the album 's releas .
 mom : girl got sick after swallowing mattel magnets <sec> mom : girl swallowed magnets from her polly pocket toy in 2005 .  two small magnets had lodged in her bowel , causing seepage and infection .  the girl , 7 , was hospitalized for 2 weeks and treated for months thereafter .  the girl 's mother sued , and the toymaker settled for an undisclosed amoun .
 5 warning signs of gaming addiction <sec> south korean psychiatrist gives 5 warning signs of gaming addiction .  south korea 's government tries to prevent and treat internet and gaming addiction .  in the united states , such addictions are n't listed as official disorders .  the american psychiatric association proposes more research on the topi .
 aviation alert over icelandic volcano lowered <sec> the alert over the potential eruption of bardarbunga volcano is lowered .  scientists conclude a subglacial eruption did not occur .  all iceland airports are open and all restrictions on air travel have been lifte .
 ferguson protests around u.s. clog streets <sec> vandals in oakland , california , bust windows of a car dealership and loot stores .  part of the 101 freeway in los angeles has been shut down in both directions .  new york protester : `` now we 're going to make sure things are going to change '' .  boston 's mayor estimates 1,000 people have taken to the street .
 armed men raid south sudan school , abduct 89 children <sec> south sudan has been embroiled in conflict since 2013 .  violence has quickly spread , with reports of mass killings nationwid .
 satellite project : images show more mass graves in sudan <sec> new : sudanese president omar al-bashir rejects the findings .  a u.s. satellite project says it has found evidence in south kordofan .  its report includes witness accounts and images of what it says are body bag .
 teens with special needs get a prom to remember <sec> `` the cinderella ball '' is held at the willard intercontinental hotel in washington .  teens with illnesses , autism , down syndrome get to attend a prom of their own .  teens go down a red carpet and under a marine corps sword arch before dinner .  organizer helen mccormick arranges top talent -- 2007 `` idol '' winner jordin spark .
 850 snakes part of new york man 's home business , authorities say <sec> a suburban new york animal control officer had 850 snakes at home , town authorities said .  town was investigating alleged workers compensation fraud , the town said .  the reptiles were in good health ; 2 burmese pythons were taken to massachusetts sanctuar .
 civil war re-enactment cannon explosion injures children <sec> an explosion at a civil war re-enactment sends three children to the hospital .  spark from fired cannon sets off additional charges .  witnesses say two of the children were engulfed in flame .
 israeli planes strike syrian military base , u.s. official says <sec> the syrian military regains control of the town of al safira .  israel defense forces spokeswoman : `` we do n't refer to foreign reports '' .  u.s. official : targeted were missiles , equipment the israelis felt might be given to hezbollah .  israel has long said it would target any transfer of weapons to hezbolla .
 world 's biggest democracy has a big brother problem <sec> attack on charlie hebdo reignited a furious debate about freedom of expression in india .  offenders can be jailed for posting material that is `` grossly offensive , '' causes `` annoyance or inconvenience '' .  facebook took down nearly 5,000 posts reported by the indian government in the first half of 201 .
 crews bringing california wildfire under control <sec> new : so-called crown fire is 82 percent contained .  weather conditions more favorable to firefighters .  fire ignites 14,000 acres , fire officials say .  two other fires blacken thousands of acres in southern californi .
 from cancer survivor to cancer doctor <sec> alyssa rieber was a medical student when she was diagnosed with cancer .  she continued with school while undergoing chemotherapy and radiation .  she says her experience makes her treatment style a bit differen .
 joan rivers dies at age 81 <sec> new york medical examiner 's office will investigate rivers ' death .  joan rivers ' funeral will be at temple emanu-el in manhattan on sunday .  she was undergoing a procedure at clinic , she suffered cardiac and respiratory arrest .  rivers , 81 , had been on life support at manhattan 's mount sinai hospita .
 will 'showrooming ' kill businesses ? <sec> bob greene : a new practice called ' `` showrooming '' a threat to brick and mortar businesses .  he says shoppers take pictures of an item , or make notes , and then buy the item online instead .  he says running a store costly , how can merchants compete if shoppers `` showroom ? '' .  greene : even big stores , like target , worry . .  showrooming may lead to stores ' demis .
 final air france crash report says pilots failed to react swiftly <sec> investigators make 25 new safety recommendations in their final report .  the pilots ' failure to react effectively to technical problems led to the crash , the report says .  air france flight 447 crashed in 2009 en route from brazil to france .  the flight recorder was recovered last year from the bottom of the atlantic ocea .
 man whose son died in hot suv to appear before judge <sec> justin ross harris is charged with murder , child cruelty .  his wife says she stands by him .  a probable cause hearing will take place thursda .
 real madrid victory eases pressure on under-fire mourinho <sec> real madrid beat valencia 2-0 in the first leg of their spanish cup quarterfinal tie .  a strike from karim benzema and an andrã©s guardado own goal seal victory .  win eases pressure on under fire real madrid coach jose mourinho .  inter milan beat bologna 3-2 with a goal seconds before tie went to penaltie .
 war crimes court postpones gbagbo hearing to august <sec> the ex-president of ivory coast is facing charges of crimes against humanity .  the hearing determines whether there is sufficient evidence to proceed to trial .  laurent gbagbo is accused of the crimes after he rejected presidential poll results in 2010 .  his refusal to step down sparked months of protest .
 obama : washington politics holding back growth <sec> new : president says healthcare website problem shows government it gap .  new : obama tells business leaders he 's no socialist .  `` america is poised for a breakout , '' obama says .  self-inflicted wounds from constant political crises hinder growth , obama say .
 french tv , radio programs slapped with social media restriction <sec> a decree bans `` clandestine advertising '' : promotion outside standard publicity avenues .  programs will no longer be able to ask people to follow them on twitter or facebook .  they can speak only in generalities , such as referring to `` social networking sites .
 kidney stones ca n't keep vince neil off stage <sec> new : vince neil checks out of hospital and heads to brisbane , australia , for concert .  neil underwent surgery to remove kidney stones monday morning , manager says .  nikki sixx : `` he was doubled over on his dressing room floor five minutes '' till showtime .  `` he has been having problems for the last few days with kidney stones , '' manager say .
 africa 's new story wo n't be told without its diaspora <sec> pius adesanmi is one of the speakers at the africa-focused tedxeuston event on december 6 .  he says that activist diaspora insists on her story of africa -- and social media has enhanced its voice .  `` new narratives of progress must not overlook the albatross of corruption and poor governance .
 more than 3 tons of marijuana seized in texas <sec> street value of marijuana is $ 5.3 million , according to immigration and customs enforcement .  authorities seize 6,700 pounds of marijuan .
 shaquille o'neal fights allegations that he framed man to silence him <sec> new : shaquille o'neal files motion to dismiss privacy invasion lawsuit .  former computer consultant says he has proof of o'neal 's affairs .  shawn darling says the nba star tried to have him arrested , stole his personal data .  lawyer says darling copied o'neal 's e-mails , demanded money in exchange for the .
 cia names fallen officer 6 years after death <sec> gregg wenzel died six years ago in ethiopia .  obituaries said he was a u.s. foreign service officer killed by a drunken driver .  at ceremony for fallen cia officers , cia director revealed wenzel was a cia sp .
 quincy jones : the beat goes on <sec> quincy jones has excelled as a musician , composer and record producer .  he produced michael jackson 's `` off the wall '' , `` bad '' and `` thriller '' albums .  he has won 27 grammys and been nominated for seven academy awards .  he set up the listen up ! .  foundation , which works on various youth project .
 astronaut 's legacy : a boost for women in science <sec> sally ride was part of a rising wave of women in science and engineering .  she spent her post-space career trying to get kids interested in the subjects .  ride , the first american woman in space , died monday at 61 .  `` sally changed the world , '' astronaut cady coleman say .
 a latino astronaut 's remarkable journey <sec> astronaut jose hernandez is an american-born son of mexican immigrants .  jose hernandez scheduled to be aboard the space shuttle discovery .  `` i come from ... a typical migrant farm working family , '' hernandez said .  mexican president called the 47-year-old astronaut to congratulate hi .
 in battle to build mosque near ground zero , opponents ask 'why there ? ' <sec> emotions flare during a meeting of the landmarks preservation commission .  the commission 's vote is expected in august .  if the commission rules that the building is not worth saving , the mosque project can proceed .  the mosque is to be built near the site of the destroyed twin tower .
 enough ! we need answers on ferguson shooting ( opinion ) <sec> mel robbins : 9 days later , investigators still have n't told brown family what happened .  fbi should have been there from start ; attorney general should tap special prosecutor , she says .  she says confusing story has varying accounts ; investigators should tell what they know .  robbins : baden autopsy best information family has gotten so far ; they need more answer .
