 opinion : fracking is a threat to health and well-being <sec> uk campaigners : shale gas exploration have greater impact in uk than in u.s . .  frack off : unconventional gas unlocking could cause huge global temperature rise .  group : health and well-being of people in uk should not be sacrificed for profit of a fe .
 ohio day care worker heather koon accused of raping 2 children <sec> heather koon is accused of raping 2 children while working at a day care .  video of alleged rapes found on a sex offender 's laptop , day care 's attorney says .  koon , 25 , was the sex offender 's girlfriend , according to cnn affiliate wkyc .  koon passed background checks , the day care 's attorney tells cn .
 how to cut your risk of memory loss <sec> doctors who specialize in the aging brain say that dementia is not inevitable .  making positive lifestyle changes earlier in life can lessen your chances , they say .  alzheimer 's is perhaps the best known and most feared form of dementia .  even moderate exercise can actually increase the size of the brain 's hippocampu .
 report : militant group says tiananmen attack was 'jihadi operation ' <sec> a monitoring organization cites a video posted by the turkestan islamic party .  the group 's leader says the tiananmen square attack is `` only the beginning '' .  the attack in beijing last month killed five people and wounded 40 others .  china has said a uyghur separatist group instigated the attac .
 nato releases details of brazen raid on base in afghanistan <sec> new : it appears to be the first time afghan insurgents have worn u.s. uniforms in years .  insurgents in u.s. army uniforms attack the camp where prince harry is based .  the well-trained , well-armed attackers kill two marines and destroy six jets .  four nato troops killed by afghan police were american , an official say .
 reality check on my fantasy man <sec> michael schulder : titans running back chris johnson was a top fantasy football pick .  johnson is slumping in real life , and ruining the fantasy , schulder says .  schulder : experts say it could be a lack of focus , lack of routine or the wrong mindset .  i still have hope for johnson , fantasy and reality , schulder say .
 businesses hit back with 'fighter brands ' <sec> fighter brands are designed to fight back against low-priced competition .  done wrong , fighter brands can drive a company to the brink of bankruptcy .  gm 's `` saturn '' is a fighter brand that failed , while intel 's `` celeron '' succeeded .  new fighter brands are likely to be launched in response to the recessio .
 why james murdoch had to go <sec> james murdoch resigned as the chairman of news international on wednesday .  tim willis : his i-don't-know-nuthin ' stance was becoming untenable in the hacking scandal .  willis : politicians are happy about the resignation and count it as a victory for the public .  he says the public has far more interest in the death of davy jones than murdoch new .
 marquez misses out on record 11 wins <sec> marc marquez finishes fourth in czech motogp .  was aiming for record 11th straight victory .  teammate dani pedrosa took first place .  marquez still leads standings by 77 point .
 chris perez on his book 'to selena , with love ' <sec> on march 31 , 17 years ago the singer selena was murdered by yolanda saldivar .  in 1990 chris perez joined selena 's band as a guitarist .  perez has written a book about his time with selena called , `` to selena , with love '' .  he discusses the rough patch the pair endure .
 reports : russia clamping down on free speech <sec> new : trial resumes of kremlin critic aleksei navalny , on charges of embezzlement .  amnesty international and human rights watch accuse russia of stifling dissent .  hrw : government clampdown is `` unprecedented in the country 's post-soviet history '' .  russia 's government has not responded to the criticism .
 social media reflects female football fans <sec> female participation is higher when supporting the underdogs at the world cup . .  iran received over 472,927 social mentions of which 43 % came from a female audience .  costa rica have one of the highest percentages of female contributors on social media .  women led the social media buzz in the group a game between mexico and croatia .
 probe finds questionable marketing practices at for-profit colleges <sec> gao report found many for-profit colleges used deceptive and questionable marketing practices .  undercover probe targeted 15 colleges .  all of the schools studied get more than 89 percent of their revenue from federal funding .  the obama administration has proposed new rules on federal student aid to for-profit college .
 warm welcome in phoenix after jungles , wire fences <sec> welcome to america project helps refugees being resettled in phoenix , arizona .  carolyn manning founded the group after relative died in september 11 attacks .  myanmar refugee boo htoo among 550-plus families the project has helped .  nominate your hero at cnn.com/heroe .
 engaged couple among victims of california bus crash <sec> a bus carrying california high school seniors was struck by a fedex tractor trailer .  the accident killed 10 , including five students , three chaperones and drivers of both vehicles .  some of those who died or remained unaccounted for were remembered saturda .
 white house projects record deficit for 2009 <sec> new : deficit in budget year 2009 expected to grow to $ 482 billion , budget chief says .  new : 2009 deficit is smaller than 2004 deficit in terms of gdp , nussle says .  white house points to faltering economy , budget stimulus package for increase .  top democrat says bush has won `` gold medal '' for fiscal irresponsibilit .
 ustream apologizes for killing hugo awards webcast <sec> livestream of hugo awards was cut short by copyright-protection software .  the webcast , on streaming-site ustream , showed scenes from `` doctor who '' .  ceremony had permission to use clips , but ustream did n't know .  writer neil gaiman was accepting an award when the stream blacked ou .
 suarez saves liverpool from epl defeat <sec> luis suarez 's 10th goal this season earns liverpool a 1-1 draw with newcastle .  striker cancels out yohan cabaye 's opener ; also involved as fabricio coloccini sees red .  napoli 's italian title hopes suffer setback after conceding late equalizer against torino .  bayer leverkusen move up to fourth place in germany despite having a player sent of .
 gun safety instructor accidentally shoots student <sec> michael piemonte was in a concealed-carry class when he was shot .  the instructor was teaching self-defense techniques went the gun went off .  columbus dispatch : a sheriff 's deputy described the shooting as accidental .  piemonte says the instructor has called him regularly to check i .
 drought lingers in southern china , impacts 44 million people <sec> guizhou province is suffering its worst drought since 1951 .  millions of people are short of drinking water .  the drought has had a large impact on agriculture .  the economic loss is estimated at $ 4.5 billio .
 tire talk : pirelli takes center stage in f1 <sec> pirelli 's tires have become biggest talking point of formula one season .  supplier 's test driver says teams have been struggling to find right strategy .  it has allowed some of the lesser-known drivers to make their name .  pirelli 's motorsport head says company decided to make tires more prominen .
 zimbabweans vote on new constitution before elections <sec> if approved , which is highly likely , the constitution will give more powers to the parliament .  it will also limit the power of the president .  president robert mugabe , 89 , has been in power since 198 .
 was facebook 's botched ipo a conspiracy ? <sec> a week into facebook 's debut on the market , its price was down .  aswath damodaran : facebook 's ipo debacle was result of ineptitude .  damodaran : do n't assume that bankers and experts know what they are talking abou .
 warning issued on u.s. visa scam in iraq <sec> a scam in iraq apparently asks u.s. visa lottery applicants to send money up front .  the u.s. embassy in baghdad issues a warning saying visa applications are free .  each year 55,000 visas are given out worldwide in a random drawin .
 juventus star tevez to face community service ? <sec> carlos tevez has completed his $ 13million move to juventus from manchester city .  tevez has signed a three-year deal with the serie a champion .  real madrid has confirmed the signing of spain under-21 and malaga star isco .  midfielder has signed a five-year deal and becomes carlo ancelotti 's first signin .
 seattle superhero walks free , vows to continue fighting crime <sec> superhero phoenix jones is revealed to be the alter ego of ben fodor .  he appears in court , but is told no charges have been filed against him .  charges may be filed later , the city attorney 's office say .
 weight loss success : 'all you have to do is care ' <sec> morgan victoria had an `` aha '' moment at her 10-year high school reunion .  victoria went from a size 18 to a size 6 by eating less and moving more .  victoria and her wife , lyndsay , have lost a combined 150 pounds .  the couple walk several miles daily and go hiking ofte .
 good grief ! charlie brown voice actor charged <sec> new : peter robbins , 56 , is charged with 12 felony counts of making threats and stalking .  new : he is ordered to stay away from his ex-girlfriend and a la jolla plastic surgeon .  border patrol agents arrested peter robbins late sunday as he entered the u.s. from mexico .  robbins was 9 in 1965 when he voiced charlie brown in the animated tv movie .
 3 men sentenced in ohio bridge bomb plot <sec> brandon l. baxter , a.k.a . .  `` skabby , '' was sentenced to more than 9 years in prison .  connor stevens was handed an 8-year sentence .  authorities say the men set their sights on the brecksville-northfield high level bridge .  the bridge spans the cuyahoga valley national park and carries a four-lane highwa .
 no murder conviction in mexican immigrant 's beating death <sec> new : teens acquitted of murder , aggravated assault , ethnic intimidation .  new : brandon piekarsky and derrick donchak convicted of simple assault .  schuylkill county prosecutors alleged the beating was racially motivated .  incident drew national attention to rural mining town of shenandoah , pennsylvani .
 dad seeks custody of son taken to brazil <sec> david goldman 's wife , bruna , took son to brazil , asked for divorce .  bruna later remarried , died while giving birth .  brazilian court awarded custody of goldman 's son to stepfather .  u.s. secretary of state hillary clinton has asked brazilian government to return chil .
 colombia 's farc rebels to release french journalist , statement says <sec> new : france 24 journalist romeo langlois was wounded when captured , rebels say .  new : the war reporter was seized 2 years after he filed a special report on the farc .  four people were killed and six were wounded when he was kidnapped .  farc has been weakened in recent years , but continues to carry out kidnapping .
 commentary : porn kings have an economic laugh <sec> hustler , `` girls gone wild '' owners seek $ 5 billion bailout .  larry flynt and joe francis say porn industry is n't suffering , but why take chances ? .  brown says this does n't require commentary or condemnatio .
 f1 legend : pirelli tires are dangerous <sec> three-time world champion jackie stewart says pirelli 's f1 tires are dangerous .  `` flying scot '' says drivers risk a multiple-car accident unless improvements are made .  safety pioneer claims that rubber residue on race tracks will cause problems .  the 72-year-old says the 2012 f1 lineup is the best crop of drivers in decade .
 li na sets up sharapova semifinal with victory over azarenka <sec> li na will play maria sharapova for a place in the french open final .  li beat fourth seed victoria azarenka 7-5 6-2 in semifinal clash .  the sixth seed becomes first chinese player to make last four at roland garros .  russian 7th seed sharapova dismantles germany 's andrea petkovic 6-0 6- .
 amory lovins on energy <sec> amory lovins says smart businesses are becoming more energy efficient .  he 's the chairman and chief scientist of the rocky mountain institute .  lovins : `` integrative design can often make very big energy savings '' .  amory lovins participated in cnn 's principal voices in 200 .
 numbers tell stories of horror , heroism in haiti <sec> toll : latest estimate of death toll from haitian health ministry is 150,000 .  effect : 1.5 million people are homeless .  children : 300,000 people younger than 2 need nutritional support .  dollars : $ 1.12 billion in international aid pledges mad .
 7.0 quake hits haiti ; 'serious loss of life ' expected <sec> new : witnesses : bodies in streets of capital ; buildings collapsed .  new : u.n. mission headquarters reportedly collapsed ; some unaccounted for .  earthquake struck just off coast of capital port-au-prince on tuesday .  americans seeking info about relatives in haiti can call state department at 888-407-474 .
 judge orders guantanamo to stop detainee 's forced feedings <sec> judge orders obama administration to stop temporarily a detainee 's forced feeding .  mohammed abu wa'el dhiab , 42 , a syrian , has been detained since 2002 arrest .  the guantanamo base is also ordered to turn over videotaped forced feedings .  dhiab was cleared for release in 2009 , but he needs a country to take him , group say .
 champions league : moti delivers ludogorets fairytale <sec> bulgarian club ludogorets razgrad qualify for champions league group stages .  defender cosmin moti the hero after going in goal for the decisive penalty shootout .  moti scores his own penalty and then saves two from steaua bucharest players .  `` nobody could write such a story , '' says moti after the fairytale is complete .
 spanish politician sentenced in cuban dissident 's death <sec> angel carromero is sentenced to four years in prison .  he was accused of reckless driving after a july car crash .  well-known cuban dissident oswaldo paya died in the crash .  his widow said she did n't believe government accounts that it was an acciden .
 explainer : why is there unrest in greece ? <sec> greece has endured unrest with youths battling police on the streets .  government has endured a rocky year as it tries to introduce economic reform .  opposition parties , unions , argue planned changes will harm workers .  greece has had a period of democracy since military junta overthrown in 1970 .
 opinion : is a gold medal all that matters ? <sec> amy bass : `` you do n't win silver , you lose gold '' is the way some sochi competitors feel .  bass : while some shed tears over getting a bronze , others like jenny jones are jublilant .  she says heidi kloser broke her leg but still walked with her team as an olympian .  bass : for others , no medal necessary , olympic spirit is not winning , but just `` to take part .
 michelle obama 's war on childhood obesity <sec> anthony coley says obesity rates for kids tripled in past 30 years ; one in three affected .  michelle obama launching anti-obesity campaign for kids this week , he says .  he says she 's sought bipartisan advice in developing her plan .  coley : her four-part campaign will push healthier food , exercise at school and hom .
 avalanches leave four dead in swiss alps <sec> avalanches occurred sunday in the diemtigen valley , 34 miles ( 55 km ) south of bern .  in first incident an avalanche buried one person who was with a party of eight cross-country skiers .  second avalanche hit as rescuers searched for victims , burying 10 to 12 of the .
 cnn student news transcript : november 19 , 2009 <sec> listen in on a debate in congress about the trial of 9/11 terror suspects .  learn about the tenure of the longest-serving member of the u.s. congress .  travel to kenya to see how a program aims to help orphaned baby elephants .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 stars flock to london for bafta ceremony <sec> the british academy film awards ceremony takes place sunday .  political drama `` lincoln '' leads the field with 10 bafta nominations .  oscar hopeful daniel day-lewis is nominated to win a best actor award .  helen mirren is nominated in the best actress category for her role in `` hitchcock .
 with crisis at home , greek-americans to economic rescue ? <sec> greece 's economy has been in economic crisis ; protests have roiled the nation .  some greek-americans are putting their tourism dollars to work in home country .  one woman canceled her caribbean cruise so she could go to greece .  greek government loosening regulations on cruise ships , eliminating taxes for airline .
 kurdish fighters take kobani , syria <sec> kurds have taken control of strategic syrian city of kobani , sources say .  official calls for humanitarian corridor for refugees , who `` need everything '' .  the fighters have been battling isis since october for control of the cit .
 four years later , some iowa democrats have mixed feelings about obama - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama won iowa 's caucuses in 2008 ; now he 's seeing some frustration from his base .  says one dismayed citizen : `` i 'm not going to vote at all this year . '' .  iowa democrats are mounting an aggressive effort to energize voters for tuesday night .  republican candidates continue to pummel the president on the economy , health car .
 famous paleontologist to plead guilty to fossil theft <sec> attorney says well-known paleontologist will plead guilty to stealing dinosaur bones .  nate murphy , of the judith river dinosaur institute , has made major fossil finds .  murphy is accused of taking fossils from federal lands in montana .  smithsonian : `` theft of fossils from pubic lands has long been a problem .
 huckaby linked to previous abduction , police say <sec> new : melissa huckaby named in police report on january missing girl case .  huckaby charged in slaying of 8-year-old neighbor .  she faces special circumstances including kidnap , rape by instrument .  decision on whether to seek the death penalty will come late .
 would you pay for an ad-free twitter ( or facebook ) ? <sec> app.net plans to offer an ad-free alternative to twitter , but users will have to pay .  a kickstarter-like fundraiser generated more than $ 670,000 to start up .  charging fees lets the service focus on users , not advertisers , founder says .  minimum donation was $ 50 , but analyst predicts that will get lowe .
 south korea : policy of engagement with north is a failure <sec> an annual white paper slams the decade-long engagement policy .  it did not change north korea 's `` perverse '' policies , the report says .  the sunshine policy lasted between 1998 and 200 .
 burglars target home of amy winehouse <sec> flat-screen tv , guitars in haul as burglars target winehouse 's london home .  winehouse is currently vacationing in caribbean .  troubled singer also hit by divorce proceedings from jailed husban .
 in afghanistan , troops trying to blend in better <sec> commanders say current uniform does n't blend well in afghanistan 's countryside .  army this month will field-test two new camouflage patterns in afghanistan .  army hopes to have decision on new pattern by the end of january 201 .
 militant attack kills 5 in heart of kabul <sec> five people killed ; two insurgents dead at shopping center , nato-led forces say .  taliban insurgents enter presidential palace , ministry buildings , government says .  karzai cabinet members were to be sworn in , parliament member say .
 tahiti and french polynesia on a budget <sec> tahiti and french polynesia offer budget options -- if you know where to look .  keep lodging costs down by choosing guesthouses or homestays on the islands .  there are 30 islands with tourist facilities to choose fro .
 senate takes another step toward passing immigration reform <sec> new : a separate vote limits further debate , setting up a final vote as soon as thursday .  the senate easily passes a compromise amendment to increase border security .  a final vote on the immigration bill could occur by the end of the week .  it would increase border security and provide an eventual path to citizenship for million .
 obama : governor 's failure to mention slavery unacceptable <sec> new : one former governor forgives omission , one does not .  ca n't understand civil war without understanding of slavery , president says .  virginia governor criticized for omitting slavery in proclamation .  gov . .  bob mcdonnell designated april as confederate history mont .
 celebrate royal baby , but remember childbirth is still a killer <sec> for many african women , giving birth is a dangerous process .  440 women in sub-saharan africa die giving birth every day .  many african women can not access adequate care during pregnancy , says campaigne .
 cnn student news - december 4 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 boyz ii men sending out 'love ' <sec> boyz ii men have a new album of cover tunes , their second .  `` love '' features the r & b group singing love songs from various artists .  the group will soon celebrate 20 years in the music industry .  they hope to celebrate their anniversary with a double cd , reunion with former membe .
 ex-u.s. soldier accused of trying to join al shabaab gets 7 years <sec> prosecutor : craig baxam dodged government tracing by destroying personal computer .  baxam , 26 , joined army in 2007 , underwent months of cryptology , intelligence training .  he was arrested in kenya in 2011 on suspicion of terrorism , en route to somalia .  prosecutors say baxam secretly converted to islam days before leaving the army in 201 .
