 opinion : justin bieber , time to shut up <sec> dean obeidallah : at anne frank house , bieber said he hoped she would have been `` belieber '' .  obeidallah : comment redefines narcissism , but on bright side , his fans learned of holocaust .  he says in effort to show he 's a grown-up , bieber has been in tailspin of public misbehavior .  obeidallah : bieber should take a page from justin timberlake , forget about aim to be tough gu .
 new e-delivery service sends groceries to car <sec> volvo 's roam service will deliver products to the trunks of customers ' cars .  they believe the venture will avoid frustrating time spent waiting at home for packages to be delivered .  customers will make purchases online and then give the company digital keys , granting them access to the car trun .
 local , federal inquiries into gym mat death continue <sec> records : sheriff 's investigators did work this month on kendrick johnson death case .  sheriff 's office said it closed the case 18 months ago .  johnson was found dead inside a rolled-up gym mat .  investigators found it to be accidental ; the johnson family believes it was a homicid .
 two years of free college makes sense ( opinion ) <sec> lz granderson : president obama 's proposal of two years of free community college is smart .  soaring college costs take a toll on americans ' education and skills , as well as our job marke .
 passenger plane crashes in iran , killing 72 , official says <sec> 33 people were injured , the official says .  the plane crashed in northwestern iran .  crews are clearing roads to get help to the sit .
 6 dead in attack on sri lankan cricketers <sec> 6 security staff dead , several sri lankan cricketers hurt in attack in lahore .  team bus was attacked by up to 12 gunmen en route to stadium , police say .  gunmen still at large ; no group has claimed responsibility for attack .  batsmen paranavitana , samaraweera suffered gunshot wounds , sri lanka say .
 china 's state media calls for calm from dog activists <sec> dog meat and lychee are eaten to celebrate the summer solstice in guizhou .  animal rights activists have clashed with festival-goers over dog butchering .  chinese state media call for activists to promote their message in peaceful way .
 cnn 2016 poll : clinton favored for democrats ; no clear gop leader <sec> biden distant second to hillary clinton in a new poll on 2016 presidential nod .  the poll also indicates no frontrunner for the 2016 gop nomination at this point .  seventeen percent of republicans and gop-leaning independents likely to support chris christie .  but the poll also indicates problems for christie with conservative republicans ; rubio number drop .
 ted 's sons : yes , the kennedy men do cry <sec> sons of late sen. edward kennedy say dad learned to embrace emotional side .  they say they do n't believe in the so-called `` kennedy curse '' .  ted kennedy jr. says moment of his father 's passing was peaceful , spiritual .  on chappaquiddick : he accepted responsibility for what happened , sons sa .
 serbia 'ready to talk ' with kosovo <sec> boris tadic delivers address to u.n . .  he reiterates serb stance on kosovo .  u.s. and dozens of other nations recognize kosovo 's indepenc .
 u.s. drops the ball on women 's rights <sec> lisa baldez : it 's easy to assume the united states is at the forefront of women 's rights .  year after year , she says , the u.s. refuses to ratify a u.n. pact supporting women 's equality .  baldez : 187 nations signed ; 7 nations including iran , somalia , sudan , tonga have n't .  treaty reflects u.s. values ; republicans once backed women 's rights more , she say .
 sochi -- russia 's field of dreams ? <sec> the russian city of sochi will host the 2014 winter olympics in february .  hundreds of works still working on construction ahead of the games .  organizers confident that all work will be ready on time .  snow storage operation underway to ensure alpine events will be fully prepare .
 10 reality tv quitters <sec> seth caro and malika ameen left `` top chef : just desserts '' this week .  heidi montag and spencer pratt left `` i 'm a celebrity , get me out of here '' three times .  cassandra whitehead left `` america 's next top model '' instead of getting a haircu .
 sikh student sues u.s. army , says rotc enlistment blocked because of his faith <sec> hofstra student is denied a religious exemption .  it would have allowed him to enlist as an rotc cadet .  iknoor singh is a practicing sikh who has beard , long hair and wears a turban .  singh is represented by the acl .
 anger after china 's new year show mocks 'manly ' women <sec> comedy skit in china 's lunar new year gala tv show mocked overweight , unmarried women .  feminists called for show 's cancellation in online petition , which was later removed from the internet .  china 's lunar new year gala was watched by 690 million people this yea .
 why facebook will never charge you <sec> false rumors of a facebook pay scheme have gone viral on numerous occasions .  facebook makes its money not from users but from highly targeted advertising .  it does n't need the money ; facebook is estimated to earn some $ 4 billion in 201 .
 family : amanda knox wo n't return to italy for new trial <sec> amanda knox is set for a trial in italy in the 2007 death of her roommate .  a family spokesman says she wo n't return to italy for the retrial .  italy could appeal to u.s. for knox 's extraditio .
 sweat lodge leader sentenced to two years in prison <sec> james arthur ray is sentenced to a total of two years in prison .  three people died in 2009 after participating in ceremony led by ray .  `` my heart 's been ripped out , '' one victim 's mother says at sentencing hearin .
 courts try to decide what to do with manuel noriega <sec> former panamanian strongman manuel noriega is tangled in an extradition mess .  federal judge in miami declared him a pow after his 1992 drug conviction .  noriega completed his sentence 16 months ago but remains behind bars .  france , panama both want to prosecute norieg .
 michael schumacher : family ask media for privacy <sec> michael schumacher 's wife asks for privacy as the formula one racer remains in a critical condition .  she also asks for the media to leave the french hospital where he is being treated .  doctors say schumacher 's condition is stable but that he is being constantly monitored .  the racing driver hit his head on a rock while skiing at the end of decembe .
 ex-defense secretary robert gates nominated to lead boy scouts <sec> robert gates named boy scouts ' president-elect , group says .  `` there is no finer program for preparing american boys , '' gates says .  a former eagle scout , gates has a long relationship with group serving 2.6 million yout .
 china 's richest man 'under investigation ' <sec> newspapers report china 's richest man being investigated by police .  trading in his company , gome electrical appliances holding ltd , is halted .  investigation involves allegations of stock market manipulation .  wong kwong yu topped china rich list in three of last five year .
 ugandan parliament passes anti-gay bill that includes life in prison <sec> the bill calls for life in prison for `` aggravated homosexuality '' .  it includes acts where one person is infected with hiv , `` serial offenders '' and sex with minors .  the bill also proposes years in prison for anyone who counsels or reaches out to homosexual .
 same-sex marriages put on hold in indiana by court <sec> a federal judge initially struck down indiana 's same-sex marriage ban wednesday .  but a federal appeals court has approved an emergency stay of that order .  the state ag asked for the stay , citing `` confusion and inconsistency '' .  a group supporting same-sex marriage says the stay `` is a terrible blow .
 my son 's struggle against deadly food allergies <sec> teddy , age 4 , has food allergies that , left untreated , can cut off his breathing .  1 to 2 percent of children suffer from food allergies , according to experts .  eating chicken , pizza , peanuts -- even going to baseball games -- can be deadly .  teddy 's mom describes how this affects his lifestyle , at school and hom .
 everest hosts nepal cabinet meeting <sec> 24 of nepal 's cabinet members met at base of everest to highlight impact of climate change .  ministers wore oxygen masks and used microphones because wind made it difficult to hear .  it is feared melting glaciers could cause water scarcity affecting one billion people .  adopted 10-point everest declaration which increases area of nepal 's protected lan .
 fighting dogs now being trained to love <sec> last month , authorities broke up the nation 's second largest dogfighting ring .  more than 370 dogs were transferred to animal welfare groups .  one of those groups , the aspca , is rehabilitating the dogs , both physically and mentally .  cnn got exclusive access to the aspca 's rehab cente .
 obama 's immigration move is a win ( opinion ) <sec> president grants 5 million undocumented immigrants relief from deportation .  maria cardona : president 's executive order will help america in three keys ways .  presidents reagan , bush i , clinton and bush ii have also helped undocumented .  cardona : republicans should help the cause rather than fight over this issu .
 alligator captured in chicago 's o'hare airport <sec> a passenger spotted the errant alligator under an airport escalator .  an airport worker used a broom and dustpan to capture the 18-inch creature .  twitter photos show an alligator on the blue line train to o'har .
 germany , italy win in night of shocks <sec> germany beat brazil 3-2 in stuttgart .  it is the first time germany have beaten brazil in 18 years .  italy shocked world champions spain 2-1 .  northern ireland beat faroe islands 4-0 in euro 2012 qualifie .
 justin bieber 's brazil adventures : truth or idol gossip ? <sec> many reports on justin bieber barely rise above the gossip threshold .  `` my truth is in the music , '' bieber says .  newly emerged mystery video shows bieber sleeping .  `` ca n't believe or dwell on the bs , '' the singer tweet .
 berenson wins release from peru prison <sec> new : berenson shares one-year-old boy with her lawyer .  berenson has served nearly 15 years of 20-year sentence .  she was convicted of aiding rebels in 1995 plot to overthrow peru 's congress .  she applied for conditional liberty in september , father say .
 taliban arrest wo n't affect afghan fight , u.s. official says <sec> obama administration `` deserves kudos , '' ex-cia officer says .  military official says arrest not likely to affect offensive under way in afghanistan .  mullah abdul ghani baradar , afghan taliban 's military leader , captured recently in pakistan .  arrest may suggest new cooperation between u.s. and pakistan , experts sa .
 michael vick cancels book tour after threats <sec> vick releases a new autobiography .  the nfl quarterback spent about 18 months in prison for dogfighting .  since getting out of prison he has tried to rebuild his career and imag .
 why are rich nations ' birthrates in free fall ? <sec> elisabeth badinter : in 20 years , number of childless women has doubled in many countries .  in the u.s. , where fertility rates remain high , 20 % of women are childless , badinter says .  the trend points to some unspoken resistance to motherhood , she says .  badinter : feminist reform might just be what is needed to keep the birthrate from free fal .
 iran , shia militias are mixed blessing to u.s. , iraq <sec> shia militia leader in iraq says iran knows what it 's doing ; coalition help not needed .  a top u.s. military leader says anything or anyone who fights isis is welcome .  yet the defense secretary says the united states is concerned about iran 's involvemen .
 shahzad pleads guilty to times square bombing charges <sec> shahzad pleads guilty to all 10 counts .  6 of the 10 carry possible life sentences .  `` i want to plead guilty 100 times , '' he said in court .  sentencing set for october .
 uk names 5 troops killed in afghan shooting <sec> five british soldiers killed in helmand province , all died from gunshot wounds .  soldiers came under fire tuesday in the nad-e'ali district of helmand .  british ministry of defense : initial reports show fire initiated by afghan national policeman .  british pm : `` the death of five brave soldiers in a single incident is a terrible loss .
 why cuba move will help america ( opinion ) <sec> fareed zakaria : sen. marco rubio 's conclusions about cuba opening wrong .  easing the embargo will also help americans , zakaria says .  he says rubio 's position would be different if republican president had made the chang .
 hillary clinton , cookies and the rise of working families <sec> kirsten swinth : hillary clinton 's `` cookie-baking '' remark stung women 20 years ago .  swinth : in hindsight , it spoke to women 's struggles balancing home and the workplace .  she says controversy reflected emerging trend that is common now : the working family .  swinth : cookie comment was seen as divisive but should have been seen as pragmati .
 va hospital may have infected 1,800 veterans with hiv <sec> missouri va hospital sends letters to more than 1,800 patients at risk .  patients may be at risk to contract hepatitis and hiv .  congressman from missouri angry and calling for investigation .  hospital says problem stems from handwashing dental instrument .
 'doomsday ' seed vault opens in norway <sec> ultimate safety net for the world 's seed collections has opened in norway .  the vault received inaugural shipments of 100 million seeds .  norwegian govt . .  built vault in glacial mountain between norway and north pol .
 niger military halts nation 's constitution <sec> new : speaking to nation via television , colonel announces suspension of all institutions .  u.s. says there was `` evidently '' an assassination attempt on niger 's president .  gunshots heard around niger 's presidential palace , says niger embassy .  some media reports say president mamadou tandja is missin .
 three dead in suspected u.s. missile attack in pakistan <sec> witnesses say missile was fired from drone plane flying low over village , official says .  militants fired back at pilotless drone , according to official in pakistan 's tribal region .  strike is the 12th this year , compared to just three in same period last year .  u.s. military in afghanistan routinely does n't comment on reports of drone attack .
 opinion : isis a fanatical force -- with a weakness <sec> charles lister : isis gaining recruits , cash and weapons in inevitable offensive in iraq .  lister : isis gains from what has become a sunni uprising , but its ties to iraq 's sunnis unstable .  he says once isis brutality starts , support may change and isis will be forced back .  lister : isis a formidable , fanatical force bent on rapid results but may fail in long ter .
 barcelona agree deal for mascherano <sec> barcelona have agreed a deal with liverpool for javier mascherano .  argentina international set to finalize terms with spanish champions .  the 26-year-old joined liverpool in january 200 .
 this month on inside the middle east <sec> this month , ime comes from the growing city of abu dhabi .  minister for higher education sheikh nahayan bin mubarak al nahayan gives cnn a rare interview .  uae has one the highest carbon footprints in the world . .  philippe cousteau goes on his first trip to the regio .
 somalia takes the fight to militant group <sec> the president ordered the offensive , an official says .  the fighting comes as somalia is in the midst of famine .  a police officer was killed in a bomb attack on the kenyan borde .
 hey santa , pin this <sec> pinterest gears up for the holiday season with new features .  one feature lets people post secret shopping lists .  another lets businesses create pages to feature their products .  blogger : `` this holiday shopping season will mark a turning point for pinterest .
 were tulsa shootings hate crimes ? <sec> three black people were killed , two wounded in a shooting spree in tulsa , oklahoma .  two men were arrested and charged with murder and with hate crimes .  yvette walker : circumstances of shootings show they were clearly hate crimes .  walker says black community is relieved that prosecutors made the determinatio .
 qatar spells out 2022 world cup position <sec> qatar world cup 2022 organizers open to hosting the tournament in winter .  the quadrennial competition is traditionally hosted in june and july .  uefa chief michel platini has already signalled he would prefer a november tournament .  the decision to award qatar the competition has been source of controversy for two year .
 greek islands consider segregated tourist zones <sec> stabbing of british teen spurs resort 's plans for tourist 'ghetto ' .  other greek islands also to consider proposal .  greece long considered hedonistic paradise for british travelers .  now some greeks have apparently had enoug .
 zambia 's guy scott makes history as white president <sec> guy scott will be first white african president in sub-saharan africa since apartheid .  he is interim president , but it 's unclear whether he 'll be allowed to run .  zambia 's constitution says a candidate 's parents must be natives .  scott 's ancestry is scottis .
 white house : obama asks sebelius to be hhs secretary <sec> white house officials : obama asks kansas governor to be hhs secretary .  obama will make an announcement monday , officials say .  for weeks , sebelius has been rumored to be a top contender for the job .  hhs post has been vacant since tom daschle stepped aside over tax issue .
 how to master your facebook timeline <sec> facebook 's timeline profile layout is now available to all users .  you can organize friends into lists . .  facebook lists rolled out in september .  on your timeline , click `` activity log , '' where you 'll find posts and info to review .  click the pencil icon at the top of an offending post , then choose `` hide from timeline .
 rules of the game : new laws tough for some voters <sec> a slate of new voter laws could impact the 2014 elections , experts say .  civil and voting rights advocacy groups say many of the laws disenfranchise minority voters .  the laws include stricter voter id requirements , cuts to early voting , among other provisions .  the changes , along with court ruling on the voting rights act , could impact minority voter .
 cnn student news transcript : january 4 , 2010 <sec> get the details of a story that spiked security concerns in the skies .  hear how some of the world 's christians celebrated the christmas holiday .  consider why job growth could lag behind a potential economic recovery .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 maradona timeline <sec> maradona was scouted for argentinos juniors when aged 11 .  captained his country to world cup victory in 1986 .  has battled with drug addiction and health issues in recent years .  `` maradona '' documentary shown at cannes film festival , may 200 .
 smitten ice cream made with liquid nitrogen <sec> a high-tech mixer , called a brrr machine , can make ice cream from scratch in 90 seconds .  machine is behind the success of smitten , a san francisco-based ice cream shop .  creator : `` we use nitrogen because it 's super , super cold .
 search ends for missing after midair collision <sec> spokesman : search halted because `` hope is no longer viable '' .  coast guard plane and marine corps helicopter collided thursday .  coast guard craft had been on search for missing boate .
 review : george harrison 's 'early takes volume one ' <sec> the new album is a companion to the 2011 scorsese documentary on harriosn .  six of the 10 outtakes from from harrison 's 1970 album all things must pass .  there are bib dylan and everyl brothers cover .
 suspected breivik sympathizer arrested , arms seized in czech republic <sec> authorities in the czech republic announce they 've arrested a 29-year-old man .  weapons , ammunition and police uniforms were seized from his ostrava home .  the suspect `` sympathizes probably '' with norway mass killer anders breivik , police say .  breivik is a self-declared ultranationalist opposed to multiculturalis .
 chicago teachers ' strike hurts our kids <sec> chicago teachers are on strike for the first time in 25 years over contract disputes .  terry moe : collective bargaining is about teachers ' jobs , not children 's education .  he says because of union rules , it 's very difficult to get rid of bad teachers .  moe : teachers unions have used their political power to weaken education refor .
 'sharon , lois & bram ' co-star lois lilienstein dies <sec> beloved children 's performer lois lilienstein has died .  she was a member of cbc and nickelodeon tv stars sharon , lois and bram .  cnn independently confirmed with sharon and bram 's manager that lilienstein passed away at 78 of a a rare cance .
