 twitter message could be cyber criminal at work <sec> some officials say cyber crime has eclipsed drug trade as a money maker .  latest ploy is planting malicious software in intriguing twitter topics .  some companies give in to extortion and remain silent , officials say .  skimmed credit card numbers can be found for sale on web site .
 house democrats vent on tax plan , focus criticism on estate tax <sec> house democrats at a closed-door meeting vent on obama 's tax proposal .  they complain of being left out of final negotiations .  and they gripe that the administration agreed too quickly on an estate tax proposal .  `` my sense is people are not happy with this , '' says one democratic membe .
 u.n. asking for more peacekeepers for ivory coast <sec> new : top u.s. envoy says laurent gbagbo stole the vote .  gbagbo says he 'll lift a siege on his rival 's hotel , but the blockade continues wednesday .  gbagbo is open to talks , kenyan prime minister say .
 do you know where your condiments come from ? <sec> thousand island dressing is named after 1,793 islands in the saint lawrence river .  tabasco 's founder imported peppers from the mexican state of tabasco .  hollandaise is n't actually dutch ; it 's one of the most well known french sauce .
 canada ending battle mission in afghanistan <sec> canada lost 157 troops in afghanistan .  it will offer training to afghan forces .  canada has had nearly 3,000 troops deployed in afghanista .
 inter close on treble after fifth straight serie a win <sec> inter milan beat lazio 2-0 to regain lead in serie a from roma .  inter can win the treble after reaching the final of italian cup and champions league .  fc twente seal dutch title after 2-0 win over nac bred .
 police : couple who abducted 8 kids from foster care found <sec> police : shanel nadal , 28 , flees with her seven sons and one daughter .  the abducted boys are all named after their biological fathe .
 mali bring cheer with africa cup of nations progress <sec> mali draw 1-1 with democratic republic of congo to qualify for last eight of nations cup .  ghana top group b after thumping niger 3-0 in port elizabeth .  mali to meet hosts south africa in quarterfinals , while ghana will meet cape verd .
 arab caricaturists face many dangers , including death <sec> some countries in the middle east , like egypt , are experiencing a 'golden age ' of caricature . .  many cartoonists in the region can face arrest , torture and exile . .  syrian cartoonist ali ferzat thought he 'd say 'good-bye to life ' when assaulted by thugs in 2011 . .  iranian cartoonist nikahang kowsar is working on a platform to make cartooning safe .
 anonymous email app launches with 'creepy ' stunt <sec> anonymous email app criticized for `` creepy '' reporter messages .  leak lets users send email without using their own address .  company said stunt was meant to be funny but was `` clumsy .
 a summary of sanctions against iran <sec> most sanctions from the 1979 hostage crisis were lifted after an accord two years later .  some current u.s. sanctions date back to the 1980s .  the united states , the united nations and the european union all have sanctions against ira .
 big names hit by madoff 's alleged financial fraud <sec> bernard madoff is accused of operating a $ 50 billion ponzi scheme .  actor kevin bacon and former gov . .  eliot spitzer are among alleged victims .  madoff is a wall street adviser and former nasdaq chairma .
 u.n. court orders japan to halt whale hunt <sec> japan 's fleet carries out an annual whale hunt despite a worldwide moratorium .  the australian government challenged the whaling progra .
 what makes a two-hour show work ? process of elimination <sec> `` project runway '' will feature 90-minute episodes when season 8 kicks off thursday .  `` the biggest loser , '' `` the celebrity apprentice '' switched to 120-minute episodes .  it 's the structure of competition reality shows that keep people watching , expert say .
 another profiling claim against department store <sec> new claim made against macy 's in herald square .  shopper said his purchase unnecessarily searched .  macy 's says it will investigation allegations `` vigorously '' .  five people have cited racial profiling in new york city department stores this yea .
 real madrid confirm higuain move to napoli <sec> argentine striker moves to serie a following six-and-a-half years at the bernabeu .  higuain scored 107 times in 187 matches for real madrid .  napoli looking to bolster squad for assault on both serie a and champions leagu .
 mexico 's president-elect aims to focus on economy during u.s. visit <sec> mexico 's president-elect will meet with u.s. president barack obama on tuesday .  enrique pena nieto says he wants to reshuffle the priorities the countries share .  there is potential for more trade , manufacturing and energy deals , he says .  pena nieto takes office as mexico 's president saturda .
 why has putin gone missing ? ( opinion ) <sec> frida ghitis : it 's unclear where president vladimir putin is at the moment .  ghitis : speculation about his whereabouts went viral as russian officials posted old photo .
 a gripping glimpse into bin laden 's decline and fall <sec> new documents show al qaeda 's desperate straits in osama bin laden 's final years .  peter bergen : drone program took severe toll ; terror group unable to mount major operatio .
 10 of the middle east 's greatest ancient wonders <sec> this month on inside the middle east , cnn explores some of the region 's archeological treasures .  inside the middle east chooses 10 of the region 's must-visit historical sites .  locations include the roman ruins of baalbek , the great temple at karnak and the once-lost city of tro .
 mourners fill snowy streets of pyongyang for kim jong il 's funeral <sec> new : the funeral suggests everything is `` going according to plan , '' an analyst says .  kim jong un , the son of the late dictator , walks alongside the procession .  'it 's heart ripping , ' says one soldier interviewed on state t .
 man united named world 's richest club <sec> manchester united named world 's most valuable club by forbes for sixth straight year .  real madrid come second on list , with arsenal third and barcelona fourth .  top 20 clubs see their average value decline to $ 632 million from $ 691 millio .
 price of luxury yacht lifestyle plummets in recession <sec> u.s. mega-yacht charter company waives massive $ 50,000 charter fees .  the impact of the recession is reason given for the discounted deal .  a yacht chartered by hilary swank can now be rented for less than $ 3,000 a da .
 'deep throat ' porn legend harry reems dead at 65 <sec> new : larry flynt : `` he was an icon from the beginning of the erotic film industry '' .  reems was a pioneer in the fight for first amendment rights for porn actors , ron jeremy says .  his obscenity conviction for `` deep throat '' was overturned on appeal .  he `` found jesus '' and sold real estate in utah after leaving the adult film industr .
 obama works to mobilize 'christian left ' <sec> obama 's outreach to evangelicals focuses on social justice , ending iraq war .  senator to talk about building partnership between faith-based groups , white house .  most evangelicals support sen. mccain , but support is below what bush received .  evangelical community `` seems to be sitting on the fence , '' professor say .
 her life over at 8 , slain girl is remembered <sec> new : photo montage shown at service for sandra at a high school in tracy .  girl , 8 , disappeared march 27 ; her body was found in suitcase on april 6 .  police arrested melissa huckaby , 28 , and charged her with killing and raping sandra .  if convicted , huckaby faces the death penalty or life in prison without parol .
 juventus stay unbeaten in serie a after udinese stalemate <sec> ac milan retain serie a lead after second-placed juventus draw 0-0 at udinese .  third-placed udinese two points clear of lazio , who also drop points .  german cup holders schalke beaten in last 16 by borussia monchengladbach .  spanish club villarreal sack coach juan carlos garrido after exiting copa del re .
 entire english village on sale for $ 33m <sec> village of linkenholt , in southern england , up for sale for $ 33 million .  estate was left to a charitable trust that has put entire village on market .  trust , villagers hope new owner will continue to run it in same manne .
 rebel leader in uganda for congo crisis talks <sec> new : u.k. minister calls on m23 to `` stop its advance and to withdraw from goma immediately '' .  uganda 's president summoned m23 's political leader to kampala for discussions .  fierce fighting erupted thursday in sake , a city west of goma .  oxfam warns of `` the humanitarian crisis reaching new depths .
 polish paintings , stolen by nazis , repatriated in new york <sec> new : polish president praises ice agents `` for everything you have done '' .  paintings by julian falat were stolen by the nazis during occupation of poland .  the works are returned in a ceremony at the polish consulate in ny .
 air search for flight 370 : 'i want to give them answers ' <sec> cnn reporter kyung lah travels with a u.s. navy search team over the indian ocean .  the p8 is a boeing 737 souped up with classified electronics and intelligence .  patrol plane scours vast area at 500 feet above the water .  new search area is based on what australian government said was credible evidenc .
 pilots , not computers , should fly planes <sec> this week , public hearings take place on the crash of an asiana airlines boeing 777 .  robert mark : have pilots become too dependent on computer systems to fly planes ? .  he says it 's a serious problem when pilots get overwhelmed by technology .  mark : we need better cockpit designs and train pilots more on hands-on flyin .
 'social network ' writer aaron sorkin to direct steve jobs film <sec> aaron sorkin will write and direct biopic on steve jobs .  sorkin is the writer of `` the west wing '' and `` the social network '' .  the movie will be based on walter isaacson 's book `` steve jobs .
 police briefly detain indian corruption activist <sec> new : baba ramdev is released after short detention , police spokesman says .  police detained ramdev during attempt to march on indian parliament building monday .  ramdev wants repatriation of illegal wealth held overseas and stronger corruption protection .
 the u.s. and iran : from sworn enemies to partners on iraq ? <sec> new : u.n. panel chief warns of middle east regional war .  both iran and the u.s. have reasons for wanting to quell the isis militant surge in iraq .  secretary of state kerry suggests possible collaboration with iran .  working with iran might be a necessary evil , says a retired u.s. general who served in ira .
 alleged `` rapist list '' appears around new york 's columbia university <sec> a list of alleged `` rapists '' is circulating among columbia university students .  a staff member named on the list was forced to resign from online student news site .  the campaign has generated both support and outrage at columbi .
 two more bodies found in burned annapolis mansion <sec> two additional bodies are retrieved from the burned mansion , fire official says .  relatives identify four children believed to have perished in fire .  technology executive don pyle owned the hous .
 queen 's speech : immigration reform , economy are uk priorities <sec> queen elizabeth ii reads a speech to parliament that sets out the government 's agenda .  at its heart is a proposal for a tough new bill on immigration , the government says .  steps to strengthen the economy are also a priority , the speech says .  the government will continue to press for scotland to stay within the united kingdo .
 tornado , floods pass in california ; recovery goes on <sec> new : tornadoes are rare in los angeles but not as scarce as you think , meteorologist says .  new : when twisters do strike l.a. , they are typically the weakest grade .  new : it 's unclear whether el nino event will bring storms strong enough for more tornadoes .  new : more rain will fall upon california next week , but major damage is n't expecte .
 dad and daughter admit incest produced babies <sec> father and daughter reveal incest on australian television show .  couple have had two children , with one dying soon after birth .  judge bans couple from having sex to prevent another pregnanc .
 ba googles passengers : friendlier flights or invasion of privacy ? <sec> ba customer-service program involves staff searching google for images of vip passengers .  the airline says its know me program will allow for more personalized , friendly service .  privacy groups say the airline should not be searching the internet for customer information .  ba says it will only be used for vips , and it has had no complaint .
 democratic group spends money in alaska race <sec> the dscc is spending money against the gop challenger in alaska 's senate race .  the democratic incumbent senator is facing criticism for making an ad that focused on a heinous murder .  sen. mark begich pulled down the ad after the victims ' family got involved .  the race in alaska is close and could determine the balance of power in the senat .
 who is kaka ? <sec> kaka is a brazilian attacking midfielder who plays at ac milan in italy .  at the age of 18 kaka broke a vertebra in a swimming pool accident .  he was named fifa world player of the year for 200 .
 nra sues over new york gun control <sec> nra : the governor and state legislature `` usurped ... the democratic process '' .  the new laws were the first in the nation to be enacted after the newtown school massacr .
 atf tests show 3-d guns lethal as metal detection law expires <sec> expiring law could create public safety hazard , law enforcement officials said .  atf tests show 3-d printable guns proved to be lethal .  removable metal firing pin allows plastic guns to go undetected at screening machines .  lawmaker said when law was passed in the 1980s , plastic guns were `` science fiction .
 as many as 200 girls abducted by boko haram , nigerian officials say <sec> the girls were sleeping in their dormitories when boko haram attacked .  some girls managed to escape when abductors ' vehicles broke down .  boko haram is against western education , has launched several attacks on school .
 blogger 's arrest shakes up mississippi republican primary - cnnpolitics.com <sec> blogger who allegedly obtained an image of a senator 's bedridden wife is arrested .  attorney tells newspaper the woman is rose cochran , wife of u.s. sen. thad cochran .  cochran staffers imply chris mcdaniel staff knew of arrest before police report was released .  spokesman for mcdaniel , who 's opposing cochran in primary , calls accusations `` despicable .
 yemen 's president heads to u.s. for treatment <sec> new : protesters continue demonstrations in yemen 's capital .  yemeni government sources say president ali abdullah saleh left oman monday .  he is scheduled to return to yemen in february , the embassy says .  the state department says saleh can come to the u.s. for medical treatmen .
 immigration reform will save lives ( opinion ) <sec> 11 million waiting on immigration reform , say elizabeth aranda , isabel sousa-rodriguez .  midterm results show folly of obama administration 's approach , they say .  immigration reform will help save lives , authors argu .
 norway condemns ransacking of sri lankan embassy <sec> norway 's fm says actions by tamil protesters are `` totally unacceptable '' .  the foreign ministry has requested that police tighten security at the embassy .  sri lanka foreign affairs minister calls for authorities to arrest perpetrators .  tamil rebels have fought for an independent homeland since 198 .
 did 'the closer ' set up 'major crimes ' to fail ? <sec> `` the closer '' closed out kyra sedgwick 's involvement in the series on monday night .  `` the closer '' series finale brought closure to deputy chief johnson 's career .  mary mcdonnell stars in the spin-off `` major crimes .
 nevada man convicted of raping , strangling college student <sec> james biela convicted in rape , murder of brianna denison , attacks on two women .  biela , 28 , faces the death penalty ; an anonymous tip led to his arrest .  biela took his victims ' underwear , left a pair of panties near denison 's bod .
 oklahoma city was hammered by ef5 tornado in 1999 <sec> governor of oklahoma laments devastation to moore .  congressman compares damage of two storms .  the 1999 killer tornado hit some of the same neighborhoods ; it claimed 36 live .
 drive to legalize marijuana rolls on in california <sec> oaksterdam university specializes in how to grow , market and consume marijuana .  founder richard lee is organizing a petition drive for marijuana legalization .  lee and others say legalizing marijuana could generate significant tax revenue .  opponents say revenue claims are misleading , encourage drug abus .
 african dictators warned : 'your time is up ' <sec> sudanese mogul mo ibrahim warns long-running leaders that continent has changed .  ibrahim prize for achievement in african leadership was not awarded for two years running .  former cape verde president , pedro verona pires won prize this yea .
 angela merkel makes gains in german elections <sec> angela merkel wins third election .  merkel 's party comes within two seats of a super majority , early results show .  her bloc 's cdu and csu parties garnered 41.5 % of the vote , results show .  merkel was elected as chancellor in 2005 and then again in 200 .
 clinton leaves hospital after heart procedure <sec> new : clinton leaves hospital friday morning , former dnc chairman says .  doctor : graft installed during 2004 bypass surgery was blocked .  thursday 's stent procedure opened artery that graft was supposed to service .  former president came to hospital after feeling chest discomfort over several day .
 june was worst month for army suicides , statistics show <sec> the 32 army suicides in june marked the highest number since the vietnam era .  monthly numbers had been dropping from 28 in january .  the army has created a more compelling suicide-prevention video .  the video `` has all real soldiers with real stories , '' officer say .
 police to search home , river for kansas boy missing since 1999 <sec> sheriff says his officers will search area near whitewater river on saturday .  attorney says parents `` rue the fact '' they did n't report him missing .  adam herrman reportedly ran away when he was 11 , after being spanked .  parents tell paper they thought spanking would lead police to take other kids awa .
 philippines hit by back-to-back typhoons that leave dozens dead <sec> heavy rains in latest typhoon cause a landslide that sweeps a van off a road , killing 1 .  gates are opened at four dams that have reached maximum containment , officials say .  at least 52 people were killed by typhoon nesat , which hit earlier this wee .
 coney island hot dog contest a sign of normalcy after sandy <sec> october superstorm devastated new york , new jersey coastal areas .  annual coney island hot dog contest a sign that business is recovering .  joey chestnut and sonya `` the black widow '' thomas look to defend their title .
 beijing adopts emergency measures for 'hazardous ' pollution <sec> new : beijing recording `` hazardous '' levels of air pollution monday .  new : children in worst-hit areas ordered to stop outdoor sports activities .  reports of respiratory problems -- and sale of masks -- skyrocket .  the u.s. embassy in beijing records an index of over 700 on sunda .
 opinion : surprising hope for pakistan and afghanistan <sec> peter bergen : for the first time , pakistan government served its full term .  he says lack of military coup attempt shows government is more stable than many think .  elections in pakistan , afghanistan likely to be crucial for those two nations .  bergen : he says afghan economy is resilient and corruption may be recedin .
 thousands pursue wacky world records <sec> guinness world records day efforts range from the ridiculous to the absurd .  largest dog wedding , most apples cut in the air with a sword among categories .  record book 's editor praises pursuit of goals in spite of economic turmoi .
