 elephant tusks , rhino horns seized in kenya <sec> two tons of ivory , five rhino horns seized sunday at nairobi 's airport .  the cargo had been disguised as avocados .  two suspects arrested , officials sa .
 gunmen in disguise fool police , kill 27 <sec> more than 30 gunmen entered the town in disguise .  the gunmen were dressed in swat-style uniforms , authorities said .  they carried forged arrest warrants , says head of haditha local council .  provincial council blames iraqi army for not securing highway .
 uk 's message to immigrants : stay out <sec> british government had trucks carrying billboards exhorting illegal immigrants to go home .  ruben navarrette : public outcry led the government to stop the offensive campaign .  but it still wants to drastically reduce the numbers of immigrants allowed in , he says .  navarrette : nations that embrace immigration thrive ; those that do n't founde .
 pigs , pastors , paris : top 10 election moments <sec> most memorable election moments likely to include gaffes and embarrassments .  biden , obama , mccain and clinton all hit headlines for wrong reasons .  palin generated many headlines for wrong reasons in last weeks of campaig .
 fourth arrest made in philadelphia captives case <sec> new : the arrested woman is the daughter of suspect linda ann weston .  one of the alleged victims says she had two children while in captivity .  the two children are ages 2 and 5 , police say .  the children are part of 10 new alleged victims in the case , poilce sa .
 energy giant struggles to contain offshore gas leak <sec> new : workers need to know what happened before anyone returns to the rig -- union leader .  the risk of explosion may be less than first thought , an oceanographer says .  the wind is blowing the gas cloud away from the rig 's flare .  energy firm total evacuated the elgin rig in the north sea after the lea .
 how 3-d laser scanning preserves world 's most treasured sites <sec> ben kacyra : world 's most historic , treasured sites are always at risk of destruction .  he says technology developed for the construction industry can rapidly digitize sites .  kacyra 's nonprofit cyark is preserving 500 world heritage sites .  he says the world is at risk of losing its collective memory and heritag .
 deaf , gay and hiv positive activist battles against stigma <sec> john meletse is a deaf , gay hiv positive south african activist .  he 's been sharing his story to inspire the deaf community to communicate openly about sex .  meletse teaches sex education to raise awareness and understanding of hiv/aids .  hrw chose him to be part of a public awareness campaign about hiv in sa 's deaf communit .
 jordanian protesters make rare move : speak out against king abdullah <sec> some of the protesters battle riot police .  chanting against the king is very rare in jordan .  tuesday night , 14 people were injured , some by gunfire , authorities say .  king abdullah ii is friendly with israel and the west and brings stability to the regio .
 'tipping point ' author looks at 'outliers ' <sec> malcolm gladwell 's new book , `` outliers , '' studies reasons for success .  successful people are n't just smart ; they 've had timing , contacts in their favor .  book also touches on role of culture in creating ( or blocking ) succes .
 apparently this matters : six californias <sec> noted technology investor , tim draper , wants to turn california into six separate states .  silicon valley would be its own state .  draper is submitting a ballot proposition proposal to the state attorney genera .
 sorry about that , nfl chief says of replacements <sec> new : fans give officials standing ovation before thursday game at baltimore .  monday night mistake did n't force settlement , nfl commissioner says .  the nfl labor deal with referees locks in pay raises , protects pensions for five years .  it comes 48 hours after furor erupted over monday night 's gam .
 dubai world cup : andrew lloyd webber hopes to shine on secondary stage <sec> the fugue bids to take on the world 's best in the richest day of racing on the planet .  the horse , owned by musical maestro andrew lloyd webber , boasts a colorful pedigree .  her trainer john gosden got his first big break through a horse called bates motel .  jockey william buick labels her a `` superstar '' before her $ 5 million race on saturda .
 obama pledges increased support to war veterans <sec> new : president promises more money to help veterans cope with postwar life .  new : money would help with post-traumatic stress and traumatic brain injury .  obama speaks to veterans of foreign wars conventio .
 four months after 'the catastrophe , ' haitians still in emergency mode <sec> four months after massive quake , progress in haiti is painfully slow .  people are afraid to return to their homes , even if they 've been deemed safe .  life in camps is difficult , but for many , it 's the best option they have .  despite their tremendous suffering , many haitians hang onto the hope of a better futur .
 australian fires burn as death toll rises to 208 <sec> authorities : five fires still burning across the state of victoria , all under control .  residents in narbethong area have been advised to `` action their fire plans '' .  wildfires destroyed more than 1,800 homes , displaced about 7,000 people .  brendan sokaluk , 39 , charged with starting one wildfire that killed at least 21 peopl .
 soldier detained in contractor 's shooting death <sec> houston , texas-based military contractor kbr said the person was an employee .  contractor died at `` of wounds suffered in a shooting '' at base , officials said .  army is leading investigation , says kb .
 buildings shaped like animals <sec> the curious trend of zoomorphic architecture has been around for millennia .  modern interpretations include frank gehry 's sleek fish structure in barcelona .  a cat-shaped kindergarten and a church resembling a chicken are whimsical example .
 book on kenya corruption spirited into country <sec> book on kenyan corruption whistleblower not available in country 's stores .  however , pdf copies and those purchased abroad are being taken in .  it details john githongo 's attempt to reveal scale of corruption in keny .
 corporate china hit by unpaid bills <sec> chinese listed companies have reported a sharp rise in unpaid bills during the third quarter .  clear sign of the toll that china 's economic slowdown is taking on corporate balance sheet .
 opinion : did hillary clinton betray a criminal client ? <sec> paul callan : hillary clinton defended a man accused of rape early in her career .  callan : she violated the attorney 's sacred oath to never betray a client 's secret .  he says clinton behaved properly and ethically as a defense counsel in the case .  callan : but one wonders if she can truly represent interests of those she represent .
 three areas where biden and nra can find common ground <sec> john avlon : the nra and the white house share common ground on gun control .  avlon : in the past , the nra has backed specific plans to crack down on gun violence .  he says polls show that most nra members support common sense measures .  avlon : obama should increase federal enforcement of existing laws through executive orde .
 expert : gender testing 'imperfect ' for female athletes <sec> south africa 's caster semenya underwent gender testing in 2009 .  various methods have been used to test athletes ' gender .  the london olympic committee has instituted a new testing policy .  `` there 's no simple test to determine gender , '' expert say .
 nadal to face compatriot ferrer for place in french open final <sec> rafael nadal remains on course for a seventh french open title after beating nicolas almagro .  world no . .  2 defeats fellow spaniard 7-6 6-2 6-3 to set up semifinal clash with david ferrer .  ferrer , also from spain , defeats british no . .  4 seed andy murray 6-4 6-7 6-3 6-2 .  the other semifinal will be contested by world no . .  1 novak djokovic and roger federe .
 asia trip gives biden chance to show off diplomatic cred <sec> asia trip gives biden opportunity to remind people why obama chose him as running mate .  biden was to discuss economic issues on trip but focus shifted to rising tensions with china .  vp has decades of experience from his time on senate foreign relations committee .  biden tells asian allies -- and china -- that `` we will remain a resident pacific power .
 friend : hannah anderson speaks about kidnapping on social media <sec> new : ask.fm page says wednesday night : `` this user has disabled their account . '' .  hannah anderson fields anonymous questions online .  she says she 's `` absolutely '' glad her kidnapper is dead .  she says she did not want to go with james dimaggi .
 man indicted for three alexandria murders over decade <sec> charles severance is indicted for the shooting deaths of a teacher and two others .  the slayings over a decade raised concerns a serial killer might be responsible .  severance allegedly knocked on ruthanne lodato 's door and shot her last february .  the prosecutor says he will not seek the death penatl .
 'real housewives of atlanta ' adds new face <sec> kandi burruss is the newest member of bravo 's `` real housewives of atlanta '' .  an accomplished singer/songwriter/producer , she was a fan last season .  burruss confirms she and cast mate nene leakes did n't get along .  the single mother hopes fans will see her in `` a good light .
 manage ( and make cash with ? ) your data online <sec> new companies seek to help web users take better control of their personal data .  one company , personal , says users could one day trade data for perks , cash .  singly offers data lockers that developers will use for personalized apps .  google , facebook and others have made billions by harnessing user dat .
 girls behind bars tell their stories <sec> photographer richard ross shows what life is like for girls in a juvenile detention center .  he wants to `` wake people up '' about the system and bring about `` immediate change .
 gaga , eminem and more set for first youtube awards <sec> the inaugural youtube music awards will be held on november 3 .  lady gaga , arcade fire and eminem will perform .  the event will be hosted jason schwartzman .  spike jonze will serve as creative directo .
 syria 's traumatized refugee children will have to rebuild country <sec> thousands of syrians have fled into neighboring lebanon where they face hardship .  mercy corps aid worker cassandra nelson says many of the refugee children live in constant fear .  when the crisis ends these children will be the ones left to rebuild their lives and their country , says nelso .
 thorpe 's legacy : native american 's olympic dream <sec> mary killman will be competing in her first olympics in london .  the 21-year-old will be youngest member of the u.s. synchronized swimming team .  killman inspired by exploits of olympic legend jim thorpe , also a native american .  she is a proud member of the citizen potawatomi natio .
 johnnie to : shooting hong kong <sec> johnnie to is one of hong kong 's most prolific directors .  found international acclaim with 2005 film `` election '' .  has no ambition to be a superstar director but still dreams of working in hollywoo .
 27 killed when train crashes into cars near cairo <sec> more than 25 other people are injured .  the cause of the crash is not clear .  deadly train crashes are not uncommon in egyp .
 how google+ is pushing its way into all google products <sec> google senior vice president vic gundotra explains the real goal behind google+ .  all the big google product announcements tied into the social network in some small way .  the social network is google 's attempt to clean up fragmented user account .
 rescuers struggle to aid philippines storm victims <sec> new : at least 325 people have died as a result of typhoon bopha , officials say .  the government says 180,000 people are in shelters .  bopha is moving offshore but is still raking northwestern philippines with heavy rain .  the typhoon comes almost a year after a storm killed more than 1,200 people on mindana .
 chris christie 's big moment <sec> under chris christie 's leadership , the gop gubernatorial campaign arm won key races .  the success comes as christie prepares for a potential presidential run .  his work as chairman helped him lay a solid foundation for a national campaign of his own .  he talked about election night in five interviews wednesday mornin .
 anger rises in india over redrawn poverty line <sec> indian prime minister faces a growing political storm over how to measure poverty .  proposed policy changes may lead to many of india 's poor losing their benefits .  india is home to more poor people than the entire sub-saharan africa regio .
 only russia , china can stop carnage in syria <sec> asher kaufman : it 's time to call turmoil in syria a civil war , with extreme violence on each side .  but regime 's forces are far better equipped and organized than the opposition , he says .  kaufman : bashar al-assad gets heavy-duty support , especially from russia and china .  russia and china must be convinced it 's not in their interest to back al-assad , he say .
 ted turner : 'i 'm not chased by demons ' <sec> ted turner says he 's `` encouraged '' by election of barack obama as president .  the cnn founder expects tough economic times ahead .  turner : reconciliation with ex-wife jane fonda unlikely , `` but you never know '' .  time warner did n't do enough `` due diligence '' before merging with aol , turner say .
 opinion : 8 steps to negotiating a deal <sec> michael dickstein : washington should take note -- negotiation should n't be a game of chicken .  he says to get a deal the idea is not to blame others but to get out of a problem .  he says keep an eye on the goal and remember insults and anger can backfire on the process .  dickstein : negotiation is n't about meeting in middle , it 's about maximizing parties ' takeawa .
 coming into focus : an artist 's journey through weight loss and self-discovery <sec> artist jen davis built her career on self portraits .  davis ' photography chronicles her battle with obesity .  now she documents her weight loss and new vulnerabilit .
 russia 's deputy pm , upper house speaker on draft eu sanctions list <sec> exclusive : eu blacklist contains senior russian politicians .  list redrafted to add 12 further individuals .  eu member states almost vetoed prominent politicians ' inclusion .  two of putin 's top advisers also on the lis .
 obama outlines fiscal cliff-deficit deal in stages <sec> new : president obama spoke with congressional leaders about a possible deal .  a democratic source lays out possible scenarios .  house republicans reject speaker boehner 's tax alternative .  everyone 's taxes go up in 11 days without an agreemen .
 how not to handle ebola ( opinion ) <sec> outbreak of ebola has claimed more than 2,200 lives , according to who .  lack of info and suspicion of government made outbreak worse , says joe amon .  education campaigns are key to limiting outbreak , he says .  amon : responses that violate human rights principles can increase risk of sprea .
 anger , soul searching follow death of internet activist <sec> suicide of internet activist aaron swartz sends shock waves through the web .  swartz faced allegations that he stole millions of online documents from mit .  his death prompted anonymous to claim credit for a hack on mit 's websites .  episode also has prompted soul searching at mit , which will hold an internal investigatio .
 opinion : the real promise of obamacare <sec> president obama , in response to widespread criticism , offered a fix to obamacare .  timothy jost : allowing the sale or renewal of 2013 policies in 2014 is a problem .  he says real promise of obamacare is affordable health insurance for all .  jost : we 'll have to see if the fix can clear the hurdles to achieve obamacare 's long term goa .
 us aircraft near misses more than double <sec> faa says year-over-year increase due to better reporting .  there were 4,394 cases where planes came too close to one another .  new program monitors radar and automatically reports problem .
 obama administration rescinds july fourth invite to iranians <sec> administration had planned to invite iranians to celebrations at overseas posts .  clinton : participation not appropriate given `` continued violent and unjust actions '' .  violence against election protesters in iran has caused the change , officials sa .
 germany qualify for euro 2012 ; netherlands embarrass san marino <sec> germany thrash austria 6-2 to book their place at next year 's finals .  robin van persie scores four as netherlands destroy san marino 11-0 .  wayne rooney scores twice as england comfortably beat bulgari .
 sarah murnaghan struggles without breathing tube , so it 's re-inserted <sec> sarah murnaghan , 10 , panics and struggles without breathing tube .  `` her body could not handle the reduced support , '' her mother says .  sedating and re-intubating her `` does not change her long-term outcome '' .  the girl has been on a ventilator and unable to tal .
 one-month prison sentence ends for montana rapist <sec> stacey rambold admitted to raping 14-year-old cherice moralez .  she committed suicide before he went to trial .  rambold was sentenced to 31 days in prison -- plus 14 years , 11 months probation .  judge 's ruling is being appealed by prosecutors , who say two years is the minimum sentenc .
 brazilian man accused of fathering seven children with daughter <sec> jose agostinho bispo pereira accused of sexually abusing his daughter .  he was arrested tuesday in pinheiro , brazil .  pereira fathered 7 children with his daughter .  police investigating whether he abused other .
 twister tears through northeast texas , injures 4 <sec> new : `` we are in a tornado , '' emergency official says on videotape of twister .  `` significant damage '' is reported in navarro county , texas .  the county 's emergency management coordinator says winds were about 125 mph .  a witness says he saw a funnel form and rode out the storm in a restaurant freeze .
 christian woman freed after death sentence in sudan <sec> `` i will remain a christian , '' she told a judge sentencing her to death .  meriam yehya ibrahim was sentenced in may to death by hanging for apostasy .  an appeals court rules the initial judgment was faulty , her lawyer says .  ibrahim gave birth to a girl in a prison last mont .
 boston globe endorses opponent of martha coakley <sec> the boston globe endorsed republican charlie baker for massachusetts governor .  attorney general martha coakley was down 9 points to baker in the most recent pol .
 two dead in fireworks plant explosion near montreal <sec> `` you could see the fireworks going off , '' says mother who watched from a nearby school .  everyone within a kilometer of the plant is evacuated .  the plant is nearly an hour 's drive southwest of montrea .
 9 tips for buying a foreclosed home <sec> consumers looking to get a bargain on a foreclosed home need to be careful .  buyers should inspect the house and the neighborhood before buying .  budget carefully for unexpected repairs .  hud homes are carefully priced and include property condition repor .
 n.c. governor brushes off criticism amid weekly protests <sec> republicans control n.c. state politics for first time in more than a century .  liberals have protested outside the statehouse every monday for three months .  democrats accuse republicans of `` turning back the clock '' with regressive agenda .  governor : protesters are protecting status quo and that state needed new idea .
 new york times : a survivor 's retelling of isis massacre <sec> ali hussein kadhim recounts isis massacre in new york times .  he tells times he survived by feigning death .  isis uses brutality as calling card , often purposely capturing atrocities on vide .
 a year after oil spill , gulf coast hopes for busy memorial day <sec> the threat of oil from the deepwater horizon spill kept many tourists away last year .  bp has been providing money to states to help promote tourism .  `` we are looking for a really solid memorial day , and a really solid summer , '' says tourism officia .
 aaron hernandez hit with wrongful death suit <sec> former nfl star aaron hernandez has thursday hearing on finances .  wrongful death suit filed by estate of semipro football player odin lloyd .  hernandez is charged with shooting lloyd to death in jun .
 french troops kill jihadist leader in northern mali <sec> french troops conduct an operation in northern mali , coordinating with malian forces .  they kill ahmed el tilemsi , co-founder of the movement for unity and jihad in west africa .  a french official says a dozen other militants were with el tilemsi when he was killed .  the u.s. had designated el tilemsi a terrorist , offered a reward of up to $ 5 million for hi .
