 chicago 's grant park turns into jubilation park <sec> carol parr , 57 , danced in celebration after barack obama 's victory speech .  `` today he won , mom ! '' .  brooke mosley , 16 , screamed into her cell phone .  daryn gray , 10 , cheered the victory : `` it 's hopeful , and there will be some change '' .  not everyone was celebrating ; a tearful kristen hayes is looking forward to 201 .
 palin daughter 's pregnancy stirs strong emotions from ireporters <sec> ireporters react to news that gov . .  sarah palin 's daughter is pregnant .  sabrina lee questions mccain 's judgment in picking palin .  darla jones sympathizes with the palin family .  ireport.com : share your thoughts on mccain 's running mat .
 cnn student news - january 7 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 death penalty sought against suspect in unc shooting <sec> feds will seek death penalty for 22-year-old demario james atwater .  feds can not seek death for lawrence alvin lovette because of his age .  atwater and lovette are accused of abducting carson , shooting her .  carson was honor student , student body president at unc-chapel hil .
 mystery surrounds missing world war ii love letters <sec> lloyd and marian michael married in december 1942 , a year after the u.s. joined ww ii .  during lloyd 's deployment to europe , the couple wrote hundreds of letters to each other .  more than 40 years ago , those letters were stolen .  exactly who took them , and why , remains a myster .
 as isis nears , is it game over for syria 's opposition in aleppo ? <sec> isis fighters reportedly seize villages just 30 miles from aleppo , syria 's largest city .  rebels fighting to topple assad surrounded by isis on one side , and regime forces on the other .  charles lister says beleaguered syrian opposition in aleppo faces being wiped ou .
 reconstructing spree that left 2 calif. deputies dead <sec> one deputy is killed by surprise gunfire from suspicious car in a motel parking lot .  suspects allegedly attempt three carjackings , two of which are successful .  a deputy in nearby county is killed in another gunfight .  marcelo marquez , 34 , and jannelle monroy , 38 , are in custody after six-hour rampag .
 neymar sparks barcelona as cristiano ronaldo rescues real madrid <sec> neymar inspires barcelona to eighth win from eight matches in spanish league .  brazilian scores one and sets up one in saturday 's 4-1 win at valladolid .  third-placed real madrid stays six points adrift after snatching a late victory .  bayern munich top in bundesliga despite dropping first points of seaso .
 u.s. : n. korean torpedo likely sunk warship <sec> u.s. official : north korean torpedo probably sank s. korean ship .  explosion occured near , but not in contact with hull , official says .  conclusion matches that expressed by south korean official .
 no texas links for marine in shooting spree , authorities say <sec> the marine in a texas shooting spree has no known ties to the state , an official says .  investigators do n't know why esteban smith was in texas , the official says .  texas authorities killed smith sunday after the deadly shooting spree .  he 's also believed responsible for the stabbing death of his wife in north carolin .
 english football clubs ban vuvuzelas <sec> eight english premier league clubs ban vuvuzelas from their stadiums ahead of new season .  tottenham , arsenal , liverpool , everton and fulham among those to ban the noisy horn .  english fa has yet to ban the plastic instruments from national stadium wembley .  chelsea goalkeeper petr cech set to miss season curtain-raiser on august .
 analyst : ipads , kindles , gps units to be cheaper in 2012 <sec> analyst predicts that in 2012 , the ipad 2 will see a significant price drop .  dedicated e-reader devices such as the amazon kindle may also reach all-time low prices .  2012 might yield some especially good deals on refurbished apple macbook air .
 doctor 's notes : american ebola helps others end stigma <sec> dr. richard sacra got to meet with fellow ebola survivors who are trying to put their lives back together .  he has seen some amazing resilience among the people in liberia and some real ingenuit .
 testing finds human remains in new york gangster case <sec> robert de niro played jimmy `` the gent '' burke in `` goodfellas '' .  an anthropological investigation is under way .  investigators will try to extract dna from the remain .
 review : michelle williams shines in 'my week with marilyn ' <sec> as marilyn monroe , michelle williams is nothing short of dazzling .  what williams does is create a fully realized portrait of monroe .  `` my week with marilyn '' does n't purport to reveal any deep , dark secret .
 washington base back in spotlight after afghan shootings <sec> joint base lewis-mcchord soldiers have been involved in several violent incidents .  four soldiers from the base are convicted of killing afghan civilians in 2010 .  one veterans ' group calls it `` a rogue base with a severe leadership problem .
 reduce your dog 's carbon pawprint <sec> authors robert and brenda vale reveal dogs are worse for the environment than suvs .  put your doggie on a diet .  you can consider other pets or change your own habit .
 muslims in europe dogged by bias , amnesty says <sec> the report focuses on belgium , france , the netherlands , spain and switzerland .  political parties `` are all too often pandering '' to political biases , the report says .  the september 11 , 2001 , attacks have contributed to hostility against muslims .  muslims make up less than 10 percent of the population in european countrie .
 man beheads hitler waxwork <sec> man rips head off adolf hitler waxwork in berlin 's madame tussauds museum .  41-year-old said he wanted to protest the figure being included among exhibits .  police said man being investigated for causing damages and injury to a guar .
 iran deal does n't mention detained american pastor saeed abedini <sec> new : administration officials : push for saeed abedini 's release will continue .  wife : `` he 's not going to survive even a few months in that prison '' .  abedini 's supporters say the obama administration betrayed him .  an interim nuclear deal reached with iran does n't secure the pastor 's release from priso .
 sorry nbc , that 's not mark zuckerberg <sec> nbc sportscaster appears to mistake 'social network ' actor for mark zuckerberg .  a deadspin video shows actor jesse eisenberg at an olympic basketball match .  announcer : `` i know i 'm gon na put that picture on facebook '' .  `` we 've got every executive of note , it seems , worldwide , attending these games , '' he say .
 recession reality bites japan 's anime industry <sec> association of japanese animators says industry rocked by recession .  group also says free internet downloading is having a deadly effect .  japanese animation is roughly a $ 2 billion a year industry .  revenues peaked in 2006 ; lower advertising revenues lead to fewer new program .
 mexico tourism official : vacation spots far removed from violence <sec> this week , the u.s. state department expanded its travel warning for mexico .  top tourism official recently visited u.s. to promote mexico as safe .  `` the major tourism destinations are perfectly safe , '' says rodolfo lopez negrete .  lopez says the country 's goal this year is to increase the number of tourists to 26 millio .
 combo vaccine reduces risk of hiv infection , researchers say <sec> new vaccine cut risk of hiv infection by 31 percent in world 's largest hiv trial .  combination of prime , booster vaccines prove effective , researchers say .  researchers tested strains in thailand ; not known if vaccine would work elsewher .
 'traffic was nuts ' : lebron james gets police escort to concert <sec> lebron james , stuck in traffic trying to get to a concert , asks for help and gets it .  a police officer has traffic stopped and escorts james along the opposing lanes .  `` the officer should n't have done that , '' a police spokesman says .
 tennis star murray condemns 'cover up ' in operation puerto doping case <sec> andy murray condemns outcome of operation puerto doping trial .  u.s. open tennis champion calls it `` biggest cover up in sports history '' on twitter .  ioc and wada also express their disappointment at ruling by spanish judge .  200 bags of blood and plasma prepared for drugs cheats set to be destroye .
 nyc police losing hope of finding missing teen with autism <sec> boy is alive , mom says .  three weeks of searching have left new york police with little hope of finding him .  search has included sonar , sniffer dogs , video camera scans , search of sewer system .  police have searched all 468 new york city subway station .
 adding afghanistan troops could cost $ 500,000 per person <sec> pentagon official says estimate puts cost of adding 40,000 troops at $ 20 billion a year .  official cost could be higher , as some things were left out of rough estimate .  obama meets with officials friday to review afghanistan strategy .  army , marines leaders expressed concerns over `` dwell time .
 tsunami scare tests new life-saving procedures <sec> new : the warning system worked well , indonesia says .  nearly 230,000 people died in the 2004 tsunami .  wednesday 's quakes were different , cnn meteorologists say .  while warnings and responses have improved , there 's still a long way to go in some area .
 make bp pay to restore gulf <sec> david yarnold : bp is rightly on trial , potentially facing judgment in tens of billions .  he says even if bp settles , it will send signal that u.s. enforces clean air , water rules .  he says pollution of gulf spill still present three years later ; bp must be accountable .  yarnold : big judgment will fund gulf coast restoration and send messag .
 future player : alexandra cousteau <sec> alexandra cousteau is continuing the legacy of her famous family .  as an environmentalist , alexandra advocates for the protection of the oceans .  she 's set up several foundations to help inspire and educat .
 kara kennedy dies of heart attack <sec> kara kennedy was the only daughter of the late sen. ted kennedy .  she suffered a heart attack after her workout friday .  she was 51 , a filmmaker and tv produce .
 euro 2012 final : can italy stop spain 's bid for history ? <sec> euro 2012 final takes place in ukrainian capital of kiev .  spain aiming to become the first nation to win 3 successive major tournaments .  italy looking for first euro triumph since 1968 .  spain 's dominance and style has been labeled `` boring '' by some critic .
 ferguson : champions league beats world cup <sec> alex ferguson defends champions league from accusations competition has lost appeal .  manchester united manager says european tournament is better than the world cup .  veteran scotsman describes world cup as being worse than a trip to the dentist .  real madrid seeking to become first club to score 700 goals in top european tournamen .
 new series of attacks in iraq kills 43 <sec> bombings also leave dozens wounded in anbar and baghdad provinces .  suicide bombers target security checkpoint , municipal building , police station .  one bombing in baghdad coffee shop kills 37 people .  hundreds have been killed in iraq during the violence in octobe .
 3 reasons mitt romney will run in 2016 ( and 4 reasons he wo n't ) <sec> mitt romney has said he wo n't run for president again .  but that has n't tamped down 2016 speculation .  for every reason he would run , there are other reasons he won ' .
 what never to say to a single woman <sec> columnist lisa kogan says please do n't say these things to single women .  dangerous to say , `` let me tell you why a terrific gal like you is still single ... . '' .  do n't tell them they 're too picky for not wanting to date guy you 've described .  do n't give them constuctive criticism or insinuate that they are ga .
 earthquake rattles indonesia ; dozens injured <sec> new : dozens of injuries reported , medical officials say .  no tsunami alert is issued .  the 6.0-magnitude quake hits southwest of bal .
 epa e-mail to workers : do n't answer inspector 's questions <sec> epa e-mail told employees not to answer questions from its own inspector 's office .  workers also told not to talk to reporters or government accountability office .  watchdog group calls e-mail a `` gag order '' ; epa official says it 's not about secrecy .  tuesday news conference to address whether epa avoided giving public informatio .
 sniper says he feels shame , guilt for murders <sec> social worker says sniper lee boyd malvo is a changed person . .  ten people were killed in washington-area sniper attacks in 2002 .  in a letter to cnn , malvo writes he 's still `` grappling with shame , guilt , remorse .
 buzzfeed reporter hastings dead at 33 <sec> hastings was a reporter for buzzfeed .  he is remembered for his rolling stone profile of gen. stanley mcchrystal .  the profile revealed rifts between obama and his commanders .  mcchrystal abruptly retired after the article was publishe .
 grandson of slaves : obama is our moses <sec> james `` little man '' presley , 78 , has worked cotton fields since he was 6 years old .  `` there 's a heap of pride in voting for a black man , '' says the grandson of slaves .  his dad died when he was 5 ; obama `` knows what it is to come up without a father '' .  his message : `` the important thing in life is to try to live and do the best you can .
 brother of figure skater nancy kerrigan sentenced <sec> mark kerrigan was acquitted of involuntary manslaughter .  he was convicted of assault and battery , sentenced to 2.5 years in prison .  2010 altercation between kerrigan and his father preceded father 's deat .
 south korea take third place at asian cup <sec> south korea beat uzbekistan 3-2 to take third place at the asian cup .  two goals from ji dong-won secured victory for south korea .  victory means they automatically qualify for the 2014 asian cup in australi .
 tsa launches leak investigation <sec> tsa questions former air marshal about e-mail encouraging him to talk to cnn .  in march , cnn reported that armed air marshals are on fewer than 1 percent of flights .  tsa denied findings , says it is investigating possible release of classified info .  employee says he sent e-mail because he wanted to expose problems in ts .
 cnn student news - september 25 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 online popularity can be perilous in china <sec> chinese government involved in crackdown on the spread of rumors on the internet .  they are targeting sharing of false information that is defamatory or harms national interest .  bloggers , users with huge numbers of followers , influence under the official spotlight .  critics believe the crackdown is a politically-motivated campaign against free speec .
 mugabe sworn in after disputed zimbabwean election <sec> new : mugabe swears to `` truly serve zimbabwe ... so help me god '' .  opposition denounces election as `` a one-man race , a one-man circus '' .  observers say zimbabweans `` dragged '' to polling stations , forced to vote .  election has been condemned as a sham after opposition candidate withdre .
 gingrich : the startling cnn poll on the shutdown <sec> newt gingrich : in shutdowns of 1990s , gop was blamed much more than democrats .  he says a new cnn poll shows that most people also blame democrats this time .  gingrich says president obama 's refusal to negotiate is hurting his image .  he says gop strategy is winnin .
 baby delivered prematurely from swine flu patient dies <sec> baby delivered 14 weeks prematurely from a mom battling swine flu has died .  the baby 's mother , who has been placed in a coma , remains in critical condition .  cdc sees `` worse complications , severe infections in pregnant women '' with this fl .
 tougher drunk-driving threshold proposed to reduce traffic deaths <sec> for a decade , 0.08 has been the blood alcohol benchmark to consider a driver intoxicated .  national transportation safety board would like to see a nationwide 0.05 level .  the board would also like to see swifter action on taking away offenders ' licenses .  restaurant , beer industries say focus should be on repeat offender .
 scientist wants to withdraw stem cell studies <sec> doubts have emerged about stem cell studies .  a developmental biology center in japan is investigating , report says .  co-authors disagree about the validity of the dat .
 nadal to face roddick in miami semis ; henin set for clijsters showdown <sec> rafael nadal faces andy roddick in semifinals of sony ericsson open in miami .  spanish fourth seed continues comeback with 6-3 6-2 win over no . .  8 jo-wilfried tsonga .  american sixth seed roddick crushes nadal 's compatriot nicolas almagro .  kim clijsters to take on fellow belgian justine henin in last four of women 's even .
 google seeks to clarify new privacy policy <sec> google seeks to clarify its new privacy plan after backlash .  changes will create a user profile based on what users do on all google products .  members of congress have asked for clarification .  google notes there are privacy tools in place to opt out of some aspect .
 5 arrested in alleged plot to blow up cleveland-area bridge <sec> the suspects first planned to `` topple financial institution signs atop ... buildings , '' officials say .  fbi : they conspired to acquire c-4 explosives and build improvised explosive devices .  authorities say three of the men are self-proclaimed anarchists .  five suspects are accused of conspiring to blow up a bridge near clevelan .
 jennifer lopez accuses driver of blackmail <sec> the entertainer is seeking at least $ 20 million in damages .  her lawsuit accuses the former driver of making `` ominous threats '' .  the driver filed a lawsuit against lopez , her manager and her production company in april .  he says they breached his employment contract and treated him poorl .
 boris becker : why i had to work with novak djokovic <sec> boris becker says he sees a lot of novak djokovic in himself .  says he `` burns like a volcano '' while watching djokovic play .  only decided to take role after long talks with serbian star .  he says fatherhood will help djokovic blosso .
 why would-be engineers end up as english majors <sec> science and math students struggle to complete their degrees in four years , if at all .  researchers say higher education must `` weed out '' students .  more and better prepared science and tech students keep the u.s. competitive .
 samuel l. jackson scolds reporter : 'i 'm not laurence fishburne ! ' <sec> ktla 's sam rubin asks jackson about the reaction to his super bowl commercial .  `` what super bowl commercial ? '' .  jackson replies .  the reporter apologizes for his `` very amateur mistake .
 report highlights plight of war zone refugees <sec> u.n. reports shows slight decline in global refugee numbers to 42 million in 2008 .  but numbers set to rise in 2009 because of pakistan , sri lanka , somalia conflicts .  pakistan hosted the largest number of refugees in the world at 1.8 million .  around 2 million refugees returned home in 200 .
 nalbandian disqualified in queen 's final after angry kick leaves official injured <sec> david nalbandian disqualified in queen 's club final .  argentine star injured line judge after kicking over an advertising hoarding .  andrew mcdougall left with a gashed leg in incident .  croatia 's marin cilic awarded the match and titl .
 bayern back on top after winning crunch schalke clash <sec> bayern munich return to top of german bundesliga with 2-1 victory at title rivals schalke .  bavarians beat previous leaders despite having hamit altintop sent off late in first half .  third-placed bayer leverkusen six points behind bayern after losing at eintracht frankfurt .  borussia dortmund close on leverkusen with a 2-1 victory at home to werder breme .
 captured u.s. soldier 's letter revives family 's hopes <sec> letter : `` he was no doubt alive '' .  `` they are being very careful with him , '' bergdahl 's father writes .  bergdahl was captured after he finished his guard shift .  his father believes a resolution is `` getting closer .
 weight loss success : couple loses 538 pounds in 19 months <sec> lauren and justin shelton lost a combined 538 pounds in 19 months .  they go to the gym six days a week and stay active on their day off .  they have found support in each other by taking every step of this journey togethe .
