 producer of anti-islam film arrested , ordered held without bail <sec> `` he engaged in a likely pattern of deception , '' a judge says of man linked to anti-islam film .  his attorney argues for $ 10,000 bail , warning his client 's safety is at risk .  a prosecutor says he repeatedly violated his probation and `` can not be trusted '' .  nakoula basseley nakoula believed to be behind `` innocence of muslims '' fil .
 edward norton plays marathon man to fund african conservation <sec> actor on marathon decision : 'what have i just done ? ' .  norton 's new york run will benefit maasai wilderness conservation trust .  training runs have hit 15 miles for nov. 1 race .  maasai tribesmen , magician david blaine also part of running grou .
 volunteers brave weather to help d.c.-area hospital employees <sec> about 30 people drive for virginia hospital center during inclement weather .  hospital transport coordinator : volunteer drivers are `` unbelievable saviors for us '' .  one volunteer , scott long , got up at 6 a.m. to begin shuttling hospital workers .  long : `` i get to play in the snow and nobody can yell at me for being out driving in the snow .
 opinion : supreme court does minorities a favor <sec> ruben navarrette says affirmative action ruling is a signal .  he says court requiring universities to demonstrate justification for the program .  navarrette : a generation ago , affirmative action was needed to remedy wrongs .  he says his children are being raised with every advantag .
 georgia mother found alive , well after disappearing for 6 days <sec> new : `` the case of wazineh suleiman is closed , '' a georgia county sheriff says .  new : the sheriff says he wo n't divulge her location or explain why she went missing .  her father says she 's `` in good condition '' ; he does n't know what happened .  the woman left their five children alone at their bartow county home friday nigh .
 hong kong ferry crash captains charged with manslaughter <sec> hong kong police charge two ferry captains with manslaughter .  follows fatal ferry collision last year that left 39 people dead .  involved passenger ferry and vessel carrying revelers to national day fireworks .  narrow sea lanes leading into hong kong 's main harbor are some of the busiest in asi .
 boston bombing suspects seen at gym days before attack <sec> the manager noticed tamerlan tsarnaev suddenly lost the full beard he had for years .  `` shaving the beard may be a way to blend in , '' a cnn terror analyst says .  the manager says tsarnaev 's friend also worked out at the gym .  todashev was killed last week while being questioned over a 2011 triple homicid .
 penn state insurer seeks to deny coverage <sec> penn state insurer says former officials withheld information on jerry sandusky 's behavior .  one of those administrators denied this week any role in a cover-up .  also wednesday , penn state board meets , discusses recent ncaa sanctions .  statement from board says penalties , though harsh , could have been wors .
 opinion : fly us back to the moon <sec> chris impey : it 's sad how far america has fallen in our moon aspirations .  impey : nasa is trying to get back in the game with the launch of ladee .  he says other countries and private companies are more ambitious in exploring .  impey : the moon has much to teach us , let 's continue the mission started 50 years ag .
 demjanjuk deported to germany <sec> ambulance takes war crimes suspect from his home to cleveland , ohio , airport .  john demjanjuk , 89 , wanted for alleged involvement in war crimes .  u.s. supreme court denied stay of deportation .  lawyers argued he is too ill and frail to be sent oversea .
 da : girl offered half mil to avoid testifying in child sex abuse case <sec> a teenage girl and her boyfriend were allegedly offered half a million dollars to keep quiet .  nechemya weberman , 53 , has pleaded not guilty to sexually abusing girl since she was 12 .  four men charged with bribery , coercion and trying to impede the prosecution .  the men allegedly threatened take boyfriend 's kosher certification from his brooklyn restauran .
 obama creates monument to cesar chavez : 'he cared ' <sec> obama honors farm workers ' champion cesar chavez .  the 120-acre monument the first to recognize a latino born after the 1700s .  event comes as obama , romney battle for latino votes .  chavez pushed to create farmers ' union , brought attention to plight of farm worker .
 japan blocks journalist from traveling to syria <sec> journalist says he was told he would be arrested if he did n't surrender passport .  japan says it has a duty to ensure the safety of its citizens abroad .  isis has `` warned it will try to kill more japanese , '' government official say .
 super pac 's reported anti-obama ad sparks backlash , quick denial <sec> conservative billionaire joe ricketts nixes a controversial ad campaign .  the campaign would have featured the rev . .  jeremiah wright , obama 's former pastor .  sen. john mccain refused to use that tactic in the 2008 presidential campaign .  both sides will reap benefits from super pac spending , an analyst say .
 torres : i 'm staying at liverpool <sec> liverpool striker fernando torres says he is staying at the club .  torres was part of spain 's world cup winning squad in south africa .  chelsea were rumored to be interested in the 26-year-old .  torres has scored 56 goals for liverpool in 69 premier league game .
 space shuttle columbia part found in east texas <sec> the object is a tank that provides power and water for shuttle missions .  it was found after drought caused lake waters to recede .  columbia broke up while re-entering atmosphere in 200 .
 tsa launches leak investigation <sec> tsa questions former air marshal about e-mail encouraging him to talk to cnn .  in march , cnn reported that armed air marshals are on fewer than 1 percent of flights .  tsa denied findings , says it is investigating possible release of classified info .  employee says he sent e-mail because he wanted to expose problems in ts .
 red hot chili peppers and beastie boys join rock and roll hall of fame <sec> others on the final list are donovan , guns n ' roses , the small faces and laura nyro .  the hall of fame gave its nonperformer award to the producer and promoter don kirshner .  the guitarist freddie king was cited for his early influence on rock and rol .
 ted nugent sings praises of gun ownership <sec> rock star ted nugent invites cnn to his ranch to discuss second amendment rights .  leave gun owners alone , he says ; go after the deranged and the repeat offenders .  nugent : `` there is no gun violence , '' he says . .  `` there is only criminal violence '' .  guns , he says , are a `` wonderful tool '' for self-defense , competition and spor .
 is 'the jetsons ' flying car finally here ? <sec> aerospace company terrafugia is working on the concept of a flying electric car .  called tf-x , the vehicle is designed to be capable of vertical take-offs and landings .  the goal is to make personal aviation accessible to a broader segment of the population .  the company estimates a period of 8-12 years before it 's able to develop tf- .
 report : china 's bird flu death toll rises to 5 <sec> new : cdc official says agency working with chinese to find source .  two people died of h7n9 virus on wednesday in shanghai , state-run news agency reports .  all of the country 's 14 cases were reported in eastern china .  h7n9 is a strain of avian flu not previously detected in human .
 coast guard official : hurricane sandy 'could be bad , or it could be devastation ' <sec> new : centered 470 miles from new york , sandy 's hurricane force winds extend 175 miles .  millions of people could face flooding and power outages due to the storm .  washington 's metro joins new york and philadelphia in suspending subway runs .  `` it could be bad , or it could be devastation , '' a coast guard official say .
 house passes gop version of violence against women act renewal <sec> new : the house passes the gop version of the violence against women act 222-205 .  florida rep. adams is the face of republican effort .  adams was victim of domestic abuse and a law enforcement officer .  senate version of bill expands provisions for illegal immigrants ; house version doesn ' .
 vacationers evacuated from kenya over 'high threat ' of terrorism alert <sec> about 200 people evacuated so far .  thomson airways says it 's canceling trips to mombasa until the end of october .  the evacuation comes after u.s. , australia , uk issue travel alerts .  kenyan authorities describe the warnings as `` unfriendly acts .
 desperate haitians flood port hoping for a way out -- to anywhere <sec> thousands of haitians try to board government ship to port jeremie on haiti 's far western tip .  families packing themselves into small , overcrowded row boats to try and reach offshore ship .  people climbed up sides of boat , passing belongings , children up the side .  ferry owner on desperate haitians : `` they 'll do anything to get on the boat .
 u.s. contractor sentenced to 15 years in cuban prison <sec> alan p. gross was sentenced to 15 years in prison for crimes against the cuban state .  gross , 61 , was found guilty of working on a `` subversive '' project for the u.s. government .  u.s. has said gross was helping cuba 's jewish community connect to the internet .  the u.s. says the ruling `` adds another injustice to alan gross 's ordeal .
 seventh heaven for minnows mainz <sec> mainz their 100 percent record in the bundesliga with a 4-2 defeat of hoffenheim .  mainz need one more win to secure record for most wins at start of bundesliga season .  wolfsburg held to a 1-1 draw with moenchengladbach ; hamburg beat kaiserslautern 2- .
 danny boyle : olympics opening ceremony mastermind <sec> danny boyle is the mastermind behind the london 2012 olympics opening ceremony .  boyle is best known for hit movies `` slumdog millionaire , '' `` 28 days later '' and `` trainspotting '' .  despite the films ' black humor , director insists his work is positive , life-affirming .  ceremony tipped as `` expression of welcome , '' celebration of britishnes .
 burned iraqi boy stands tall 6 years later <sec> youssif was set on fire as he played in his baghdad yard in 2007 .  cnn viewers , readers paid for the boy to come to the united states for treatment .  youssif is now 10 and in the fifth grade in california .  he says he wants to become a doctor to help his family and other .
 india erupts in celebrations for 'slumdog ' oscar wins <sec> india celebrated composer a.r . .  rahman winning two awards at last night 's oscars .  rahman won best score and best song for the film `` slumdog millionaire '' .  indian resul pookutty also won best sound design for `` slumdog millionaire '' .  indian-made documentary `` smile pinky '' won best documentary shor .
 why it matters : elections outside your state can affect you <sec> governors play a big role in the redistricting process .  theoretically , redistricting could cause a shift in the balance of power .  this year , 18 states are expected to gain or lose representation in the house .  when a state has to change just one seat , the districts in the state stand to be redraw .
 former attorney general griffin bell dies <sec> president jimmy carter nominated griffin bell as attorney general in 1976 .  bell credited with helping restore confidence in justice department in late 1970s .  his `` integrity , professionalism , and charm '' valued across party lines , carter said .  in 2004 , he was listed among georgia dems who endorsed bush for re-electio .
 opinion : history 's jury is still out on george w. bush <sec> julian zelizer says opening of bush library rekindles debate over 43rd president .  he says many of bush 's counterterrorism policies remain and are still being questioned .  bush will also be judged on his economic policies and deficit spending , he says .  zelizer : how will history view the long-term impact of bush 's pre-emptive war .
 utah cities on alert as anniversary of 2 slayings hits <sec> police : evidence links killings that happened on same date two years apart .  monday is anniversary of slayings , which occurred in neighboring utah cities .  no arrest has been made ; police investigating whether date is significant .  both victims were hispanic women , found dead in their apartment .
 crew injured as speed yacht flips off france <sec> french speed sailing trimaran l'hydroptere capsized on sunday off france .  the nine crew on board received minor injuries but all escaped serious harm .  the boat may be out of action for several months due to fears the mast brok .
 mcilroy edges woods as star pair make fine start at crooked stick <sec> rory mcilroy well placed for back-to-back wins in fedexcup playoffs .  mcilroy shoots eight-under 64 to tie for first-round lead at bmw championship .  playing partner tiger woods also in the hunt after carding 65 on thursday .  u.s. open champion webb simpson , bo van pelt and graham delaet also shoot 6 .
 mo farah gives masterclass in finishing to ensure an olympic double gold <sec> farah wins the 5000 meters final in a time of 13 minutes 41.66 seconds .  he is one of only six men to win double olympic gold at 5000m and 10000m .  he moved to britain at eight years old after being born and brought up in somalia .  his wife is due to give birth to twin girls later this month and he has dedicated the golds to the .
 adults who should know better feel driven to text <sec> business people exchange messages while driving despite risk of crashing .  competitive , economic pressures drive risky behavior , experts say .  georgia woman sends texts in traffic while driving stick-shift car .  people are n't as good at multitasking as they think they are , psychologist say .
 jurors : we feel 'cheated ' after michael jackson death trial verdict <sec> four jurors gave sworn statements to help katherine jackson get a new trial .  the trial ended with a victory for the concert promoter that jackson 's family had sued .  one juror called the verdict form `` a trap that prevented us from deliberating on the real issues '' .  `` i do not think that justice was achieved in this case , '' another jurors say .
 u.s. airman dies in shooting at mexican strip club <sec> air force staff sgt . .  david booher shot with 5 others in ciudad juarez .  gunmen appeared to have targeted the victims , mexican spokesman says .  juarez is considered off-limits for the u.s. military because of drug violenc .
 hundreds of fetuses found at thailand temple <sec> the smell of decay leads to the discovery .  the fetuses came from illegal abortion clinics , police say .  the chief of morticians admit receiving fetuses from several clinics .  temples in thailand typically have morticians who prepare bodies for crematio .
 sri lanka cabinet minister quits post amid 'fast unto death ' protest <sec> ex-minister protests a u.n. panel that addresses human rights violations .  accuses the panel of seeking to bring sri lankan president before a war crimes tribunal .  crowds march through colombo carrying placards condemning the u. n. move .  several nations dismayed at blockad .
 how , and why , to do a facebook detox <sec> facebook 's 500+ million active users spend 700 billion minutes per month on the site .  if you stop using facebook so often , you wo n't need it so much .  to temporarily hit the `` off '' button , click on account , then deactivat .
 flight of the penguins : rescuers return wayward birds home <sec> activists rescue group of young penguins who migrated too far north on brazil coast .  penguins loaded onto a c-130 hercules military plane and flown south .  to cheers of onlookers , penguins return to ocean near their feeding grounds .  changing currents , temperatures may have led the confused birds off cours .
 roger federer looks to london for redemption <sec> roger federer qualifies for the atp world tour finals in london .  federer booked his spot with a win over kevin anderson in paris .  the swiss has won the season-ending tournament on a record six occasions .  swiss stanislas wawrinka and frenchman richard gasquet complete the fiel .
 bergen : is the u.s. less safe from terror ? <sec> heads of intelligence committees tell cnn u.s. is no safer than in 2011 .  peter bergen : evidence suggests that fewer plots are being directed against the u.s . .  there 's little sign of americans being trained by jihadists overseas , he says .  bergen : the committee chiefs are correct about stepped up jihadist activity in mideas .
 california patrol : driver in deadly race crash will not face charges <sec> the bureau of land management says it will review accident , other desert events .  the california highway patrol says it will not file criminal charges against the driver .  the driver says he is devastated by the incident .  truck crash at the off-road desert race leaves eight people dea .
 father gets 15 to life for fatal shaking of new year 's baby <sec> ohio man pleads guilty to murder , endangering children .  craig wilson confessed to shaking baby after argument with wife .  autopsy suggested 10-week-old infant had been abused befor .
 world-class education that costs nothing <sec> germany now offers 100 % free university education .  the measure includes international students .  germany is the third most popular destination for overseas students .  but the university system is very different to the one in the u.s .
 philippines ' mayon volcano to explode 'within days ' <sec> thousands of people evacuated from base of mayon volcano in philippines .  scientists warn that the volcano is about to explode .  the volcano has already erupted 49 times since 1616 .  audible booming and rumbling sounds first heard sunda .
 more camels than koalas -- and 19 other australia discoveries <sec> australia has 10 times more camels than koalas .  the island continent is fringed by 8,222 smaller islands .  world 's 10 deadliest snakes are all found down under .  nice on postcards , the opera house was a major pain to buil .
 sources : arab nations arming syrian opposition <sec> arab nations providing arms to opposition , sources say .  at least 101 people were killed in syria on thursday , opposition group says .  ex-u.n. chief kofi annan will be the u.n. envoy to syria .  china and russia wo n't attend conference in tunisia on syrian crisi .
 tweeting in labor : 'epidural , yes please ' <sec> new : the wife of twitter 's ceo posted messages on twitter during her labor .  new : sara williams delivered a `` perfect baby boy '' tuesday afternoon .  one of her last posts from the hospital said , `` epidural , yes please '' .  some say it 's a trend for moms to post online about labor and pregnanc .
 jennifer aniston : i 'm not engaged -- or pregnant <sec> `` i am not planning to get married any time soon , '' aniston said .  `` it 's just i quit smoking , so i 've gained a couple of pounds , '' she said .  `` if it 's meant to be , it 's meant to be , '' the actress adde .
 review : 'contagion ' is a bit antiseptic <sec> the film 'contagion ' is chock-full of big-name actors .  director steven soderbergh presents a disaster movie of epic proportion .  reviewer says the movie is `` a model of lucidity and clean , crisp storytelling .
 manchester united held 0-0 by chelsea <sec> premier league title contenders manchester united and chelsea draw 0-0 .  it was the first scoreless tie in a league game at old trafford since 2009 .  wayne rooney , linked with a move to chelsea , played all 90 minutes for the red devils .  the game marked david moyes ' first home game in charge since replacing alex ferguso .
 drug brings remarkable improvement for boy <sec> josh hardy has received three doses of an experimental drug .  his mother says she is `` beside myself with how effective this drug was '' .  a drug company initially refused to provide the medication .  the company relented after reports by cnn and pressure from social medi .
 sununu 's comment insults black americans <sec> roland martin : john sununu said colin powell backed obama because he is black .  he says it 's asinine to say race motivates blacks ' endorsements rather than accomplishment .  he wants sununu to explain how romney 's whiteness earned his support .  martin : it 's childish for some whites to reduce black support to skin color , not characte .
 facebook posts lead to new trial for convicted michigan brothers <sec> two michigan brothers are granted a new trial after 25 years .  new testimony from a purported witness was uncovered through facebook , officials say .  the new testimony led a judge to throw out convictions , according to officials .  raymond and thomas highers , both 46 , were sentenced to life in prison for a 1987 murde .
 now released on dvd : there was no law like 'l.a . law ' <sec> the first season of `` l.a. law '' is out on dvd .  `` l.a. law '' was groundbreaking in 1980s , taking on issues other shows would n't touch .  jimmy smits : law school applications went up during show 's run .  alan rachins : all the characters were served , and we had great camaraderi .
 ratko mladic : bosnian serb commander turned fugitive <sec> mladic 's father was killed by croatian nazis .  the military leader led the siege against sarajevo .  he was also in charge of the attack against srebrenica .  mladic is wanted for crimes against humanity , among other charge .
 gandolfini funeral set for thursday in ny <sec> new : funeral to be held thursday in manhattan , family friend says .  he thanks italian and u.s. authorities for expediting the process to have his body sent .  gandolfini died last week in rome .  the actor had been scheduled to receive an award at an italian film festiva .
 opinion : why ecuador might shelter snowden <sec> ecuador seems willing to consider giving asylum to edward snowden .  steve striffler : many around the world question the morality of american policy .  he says the snowden case affords opponents a chance to put u.s. on defensive .  striffler says ecuador 's president has legitimate questions about u.s. polic .
 lindsay lohan released from jail after posting $ 75,000 bond <sec> new : lohan leaves jail after 5 hours in custody friday evening .  she posted a $ 75,000 bond while she appeals the jail sentence .  the judge sentences lohan to 120 days in jail for a probation violation .  lohan 's theft charge is reduced from a felony to a misdemeano .
