 a sinister parody video : 'too many cooks ' <sec> `` too many cooks '' parodies 1980s tv with a sinister twist .  the video first aired in the early morning slot on cnn cousin network adult swim .  it 's drawing raves from fans and comedians worldwid .
 tokyo : stay in style <sec> why stay at the peninsula hotel ? .  because it has in-room espresso machines .  the views from the park hyatt were the real star of `` lost in translation '' .  a `` ryokan '' is a traditional inn , with futons and `` tatami '' floor mats in the rooms .  if you 're short on cash , or just curious , spend a night in a capsule hote .
 van gaal not interested in nigeria job <sec> bayern munich coach louis van gaal distances himself from vacant nigeria manager 's role .  dutchman was named in nigeria football federation 's list of five preferred candidates .  nff also wants to talk to guus hiddink , bruno metsu , peter taylor and ratomir djukovic .  nigeria demoted shaibu amodu to lesser role after losing africa cup of nations semifina .
 famu hazing suspects turning themselves in <sec> new : famu says its goal is the `` absolute eradication '' of hazing .  investigation was botched , victim 's mother says ; sheriff 's office defends investigation .  famu drum major robert champion died after a hazing incident last november .  thirteen people have been charged in his death , 11 of them with felonie .
 refunds issued : kids ' vitamins are n't as healthy as advertised <sec> nbty said the disney- and marvel-themed vitamins held a full daily dose of dha .  the ftc says each tablet had only a tiny fraction of that amount of the omega-3 fatty acid .  parents have until october 12 to file a claim seeking refund .
 egypt 's former first lady said to have suffered a heart attack <sec> manager of the hospital in the resort town of sharm el-sheikh says she suffered a heart attack .  the incident occurred shortly after she was ordered detained for 15 days in a corruption case .  hosni mubarak was also questioned about his finance .
 japan set to launch a new commercial passenger jet <sec> mitsubishi 's mrj launched at event in nagoya on saturday .  narrow-bodied plane is first new passenger jet from japan in more than 50 years .  will begin test flights in 2015 , commercial operations in 201 .
 this man could flip the senate <sec> angus king is urging independent senate candidates against siding with either party .  king is talking to kansas senate candidate greg orman and larry pressler of south dakota .  king wo n't say which party he 'll join next yea .
 turkish economic mess : how did it get to this point ? <sec> turkey 's economy , once hailed as a miracle , is slowing down and its currency is talking a beating .  the country 's central bank doubled the interest rates to prevent foreign capital outflows .  the imf has warned turkish economy is not sustainable and remains vulnerable to external danger .
 bp says halliburton 'intentionally destroyed evidence ' after gulf oil spill <sec> halliburton was a contractor for bp at the ill-fated deepwater horizon oil drilling operation .  bp and its contractors have been locked in legal battles since last year .  an explosion aboard the deepwater horizon killed 11 and injured 16 .  the explosion led to more than 200 million gallons of oil being released into the gulf of mexic .
 free clinic 's business booms in bad economy <sec> free clinic offers care to those falling through the cracks of the health care system .  clinic expects to see more than 2,000 patients this year , up from 1,400 last year .  founder : clinic is `` entry point for the health care system .
 manny ramirez is arrested in florida <sec> ramirez is arrested at a residence in connection to a domestic dispute .  he announced his retirement from major league baseball in apri .
 standoff between 'funny lady ' clinton , north korea gets personal <sec> `` sometimes she looks like a primary schoolgirl , '' official reportedly says of clinton .  u.s. officials have likened north korea 's provocative actions to children acting out .  north korea 's nuclear test in may strengthened u.s. call for sanctions .  north korea remains defiant , showing no signs of abandoning nuclear progra .
 stop calling huma abedin a victim <sec> author : political wives can choose not to be victims when their husbands cheat .  laura munson wrote a book on her own refusal to suffer when husband wanted divorce .  she says do n't listen to or believe the mean barbs others will toss your way .  expert : a crisis can push you toward a true calling and more happines .
 djokovic could face federer in u.s. open semifinals <sec> world no.1 novak djokovic to begin u.s. open challenge against a qualifier .  defending champion rafael nadal drawn to play andrey golubev of kazakhstan .  caroline wozniacki begins quest for maiden grand slam against nuria llagostera vives .  three-time winner serena williams to face serb bojana jovanovsk .
 gop chair seeks to boost party image <sec> rnc chair reince priebus wants the party to lose its obstructionist image .  priebus : `` i want to talk about the things we 're for . '' .  priebus spoke thursday at george washington universit .
 30 day countdown starts for trial of michael jackson 's doctor <sec> prosecutors complain defense lawyers have not met discovery requirements yet .  all sides meet privately with the judge to discuss jury questions .  prosecutors want to use medical records of other murray patients .  dr. conrad murray is charged with involuntary manslaughter in michael jackson 's deat .
 why did california vote down legal pot ? <sec> jeffrey a. miron : prop 19 advocates did n't present right reasons for making pot legal .  voters were wary of claims of dramatic positive change if it were legalized , he says .  miron advises advocates to argue pot prohibition interferes with individual liberty .  another key to legalizing marijuana is to get conservatives involved , he write .
 review : 'seeking a friend for the end of the world ' <sec> an asteroid is hurtling toward earth and it 's the end of the world in `` seeking a friend '' .  dodge ( steve carell ) , an insurance exec , hits on the idea of finding his first love .  penny , played by keira knightley , hits on the idea of going with this stranger .  carell and knightley give it their bittersweet bes .
 2 dead after blast at mall in perth , australia <sec> police are investigating a deadly blast at a mall in a perth suburb .  australian broadcaster reports a power transformer is believed to have explode .
 woman in coma to be allowed to die <sec> eluana englaro has been in a coma for 17 years after a car crash .  englaro was transferred to a private clinic tuesday where she is expected to die .  her father has fought for years to have her feeding tube remove .
 girl missing after 911 tweet found safe , police say <sec> kara alongi tweeted `` there is somone in my hour ecall 911 '' before disappearing sunday .  the teen 's online post drew national attention .  new jersey state police found alongi walking along the new jersey turnpike on tuesday .  detectives are trying to determine where she went and how she got there , police sa .
 somali court clears woman alleging rape ; reporter still in prison <sec> both the woman and the journalist were sentenced to a year in prison last month .  a lower court said the woman made false rape accusations and insulted the government .  human rights watch calls for the journalist to be let g .
 jewish paper 's column catches secret service 's eye <sec> atlanta jewish times piece suggests israel kill u.s. president `` to preserve israel 's existence '' .  u.s. jewish groups slam column ; writer reportedly issues apology .  `` we are taking the appropriate investigative steps , '' secret service say .
 world 's fastest elevator : like riding a train into the sky <sec> hitachi 's new lift climbs 95 floors in 43 seconds .  technology limits elevator shake , regulates air pressure .  elevator will be in new guangzhou skyscraper , opening in 201 .
 vanity fair praised for diverse hollywood issue cover <sec> vanity fair hollywood issue features six performers of color .  magazine has been criticized in past for focusing mostly on white stars .  commentators , twitterverse approve of the range of talent for magazine cove .
 program to allow mexican trucks on u.s. roads off to slow start <sec> just six mexican trucking companies are participating in the program so far .  as of july , mexican trucks had made fewer than 100 long-haul trips into the u.s . .  u.s. auditors must prepare a congressionally mandated study of the program 's safety .  the auditors fear with so few participants , they wo n't be able to complete the stud .
 school meals : the new gourmet cuisine <sec> senior women in tanzania are putting indigenous vegetables back on the menu .  school grounds are being transformed to provide fresh vegetables for school meals .  indigenous plants have become unpopular and people now rely on fast food .  the project hopes to increase demand for fresh vegetables that can be grown across tanzani .
 gulf countries relocating embassies to follow president <sec> yemeni officials say four nations have moved their operations from sanaa to aden .  president abdu rabu mansour hadi fled there after being deposed .  political talks hit a sna .
 man escapes charges for barbecuing pet dog <sec> man had roasted his pet dog to enjoy as a meal with his family and friends .  man 's family is from tonga where eating a dog is not uncommon .  new zealand authorities determine dog killed humanely , do n't prosecute him .  in new zealand it is legal to kill an animal if it is slaughtered swiftly and painlessl .
 militants attack pakistan checkpoint <sec> early-morning attack results in death of eight police personnel .  all men killed by gunfire -- attackers then blew up checkpost with explosives .  the checkpoint was part of the nato supply route .
 naval aviator returns to underwater site of 1974 crash <sec> bob besal crashed plane into water nearly 38 years ago .  he recently learned wreckage from the plane had been found .  besal joined divers on a journey to see the remains .  ruins are now part of an active ree .
 un security council passes syria aid resolution <sec> the resolution is unanimous .  resolution also calls for an end to violence including the use of barrel bombs .  in a rare move russia and china support the resolution .  u.s. secretary john kerry says it `` holds the promise of something real .
 ted danson , gary sinise doing 'csi ' crossover <sec> cbs is planning `` csi '' and `` csi : ny '' cross-over episodes for february sweeps .  `` csi '' will kick things off on wednesday , feb. 6 .  the strategy is the latest in a series of cbs crossover .
 zimbabwe opposition boycotts mugabe 's parliament ceremony <sec> main opposition snubs parliament 's opening ceremony by president robert mugabe .  mugabe appeals for the west to lift sanctions on him .  opposition says attending the ceremony would have legitimized a stolen electio .
 fire heavily damages office of reformist iranian lawmaker <sec> reformist lawmaker nasrollah torabi 's office burned tuesday .  opposition figure mir hossein moussavi says fire caused by extremists .  torabi says he was under pressure after he criticized government in speech .  torabi urges people not to react to incident , according to parleman new .
 prehistoric 'monster snake ' remains discovered <sec> snake weighed 1,140 kgs ( 2,500 pounds ) , measured 13 meters ( 42.7 feet ) .  scientists believe it lived between 58 and 60 million years ago .  size offers clues about world 's temperature at this time .  discovered by scientists in tropical northern region of colombi .
 spain : 11 guilty of belonging to terror group <sec> court convicts 11 islamic militants of belonging to terrorist group , but acquits them of conspiring to attack barcelona 's metro .  judges ruled alleged barcelona plot not advanced to constitute crime of conspiracy .  alleged plot in january 2008 raised alarm bells with spanish authorities fearing series of attacks across europ .
 skeleton of venezuelan revolutionary bolivar exhumed <sec> venezuelan state television broadcast images of simon bolivar 's exhumed skeleton .  president hugo chavez suspects the former military leader was murdered .  chavez has described bolivar , who died in 1830 , as `` the father of the revolution '' .  bolivar is credited with liberating several latin american nation .
 why 'hail to the chief ' remains unsung <sec> bob greene : patriotic songs sung at inauguration wo n't include `` hail to the chief '' .  that song is usually played , not sung . .  the lyrics might not fly in the political moment , he says .  imagine boehner joining in to `` hail to the chief , as we pledge cooperation ... , '' he says .  greene : song has come and gone for presidential entrances ; words remain unsun .
 romanian princess arrested in oregon cockfighting sweep <sec> princess irina walker is the third daughter of romania 's king michael i .  the arrests took place across various sites in oregon and washington .  the princess and her husband are among 18 people arreste .
 wanted : a bully to end bullying <sec> the scary guy has an unusual presentation to stop bullying in schools .  scary is a former tattoo artist with no academic training .  not every school has been enamored of his show .  he says the letters kids send him reinforce the idea he is making a differenc .
 disabled tanker ship hits bridge linking maine , n.h . <sec> ship drifted into heavily used span linking portsmouth , n.h. , and kittery , maine .  the ship carrying tallow oil sustained damage above the water line , no cargo leaking .  the sarah long bridge , built in 1940 , was damage .
 u.s. dad 's custody case returns to brazilian appeals court <sec> brazil 's highest court says it does n't have jurisdiction in custody case of u.s.-born boy .  david goldman expresses new hope : `` there seemed to be a lot of good remarks '' .  goldman 's wife took son sean to brazil in 2004 ; she filed for divorce , later died .  custody case has attracted attention of u.s. politicians , including hillary clinto .
 ready access , low cost , pill-like high : heroin 's rise and fatal draw <sec> `` it 's a monkey on your back , '' says a man trying to kick the habit .  phillip seymour hoffman is the latest in a growing list of deaths .  the number of users is rising , and they are getting younger .  it 's threatening to become an epidemic , says a rehab directo .
 feds to sue to stop texas voter id law <sec> obama administration takes new approach to voting rights enforcement following court ruling .  legal challenge to strict texas law approved in 2011 will be test case .  supreme court in june invalidated key enforcement part of voting rights act .  previous formula used to determine which states , mostly in the south , needed special oversigh .
 djokovic beats nadal in marathon classic to win australian open <sec> world no.1 novak djokovic wins australian open men 's singles title .  djokovic beats rafael nadal of spain in marathon five-setter .  djokovic has won four of the last five grand slam titles .  longest grand slam final in history at five hours 52 minute .
 2 men charged after flight from pakistan diverted in uk airspace <sec> an altercation on board caused a plane from pakistan to the uk to be diverted .  two passengers `` threatened to blow up the plane , '' pakistan 's high commissioner says .  two men were arrested and removed from the diverted aircraft , essex police say .  the pakistan international airlines flight to manchester was diverted to stanste .
 wife of alan henning pleads with isis for his release <sec> alan henning 's colleagues thought his abduction was a temporary measure .  barbara henning says she has been trying to communicate with isis .  she says isis has not responded to the messages .  `` i can not see how it could assist '' any isis cause to kill her husband , she say .
 fans remember levon helm as he faces final stages of cancer <sec> fans flock to his facebook page to share memories .  his family asks for prayers as helm , 71 , `` makes his way through this part of his journey '' .  he was diagnosed with throat cancer in 1998 .  the band drummer rose to fame in the late 1960s and 1970s ; fell on hard times in 1990 .
 local journalist battles plight of afghan women <sec> afghan journalist farida nekzad says she 's been threatened by extremist groups .  a bomb once exploded outside her home .  she is a director and cofounder of an independent news agency in afghanistan .  she trains journalists , and many of them are wome .
 140-mph gusts cause damage , outages , delays in california <sec> significant delays are no longer being reported at las vegas ' airport .  l.a. county declares a state of emergency due to damage caused by winds .  the county has responded to about 460 downed power lines , a fireman say .
 obama 's speech : learning from lincoln , wilson , fdr <sec> julian zelizer : second term inaugural addresses are always a challenge .  he says the public has had four years to make a judgment about the president .  obama can learn from second term speeches of lincoln , wilson , fdr .  zelizer says they did a good job of unifying america and sketching vision of the futur .
 commentary : getting healthy on the job <sec> victor dzau : companies offer programs to improve health of their workforce .  he says programs should be based on national standards to ensure they work .  dzau : cdc should do research to show what standards companies should use .  he says government should give companies tax credits if their programs succee .
 spinal tap takes off the wigs <sec> harry shearer , christopher guest and michael mckean performing as themselves .  trio has been spinal tap , the folksmen in different movies .  shearer : `` we 're approaching [ songs ] as ourselves and not as these characters .
 your personal $ 849 underwater 'drone ' <sec> a new submersible robot -- sort of an underwater drone -- could open up undersea exploration .  the openrov can be controlled remotely with a laptop .  it 's equipped with a video camera to stream back images .  the device was designed in silicon valley and sells for $ 84 .
 floodwater recedes in thailand , but steep challenges linger <sec> prime minister : the water level recedes , but draining in some areas are slow .  the flooding leaves migrant workers from myanmar abandoned in one province .  a complex of cement construction materials is now housing for displaced residents .  the death toll reaches 537 , and 22 provinces remain affecte .
 dark india : ominous sign for bric economies ? <sec> the blackout that affected 600 million point to india 's infrastructure problems .  o'neill : economic slowdown in india , other brics `` more important '' than eu crisis .  india 's power supply has strained to keep pace with the growth of the economy .  o'neill : `` in india , frankly , they need to wake up and deliver some of the talk .
 alibi undermined in kercher murder trial <sec> grocer contradicts timeline of woman accused of murdering meredith kercher .  says amanda knox in his shop after death , at time knox said she was in bed .  knox and former boyfriend charged with murder , sexual assault .  british student meredith kercher was found dead in a villa in november 200 .
 milan 's cassano to have heart surgery <sec> ac milan 's antonio cassano will undergo heart surgery .  the striker was taken ill after saturday 's 3-2 win over roma .  the italy international has been diagnosed with a heart condition .  cassano , 29 , will now face months on the sideline .
 the eurozone is tearing itself apart <sec> costas lapavitsas is the lead author of a new rmf report 'breaking up ? .  a route out of the eurozone crisis ' .  he says the eu 's economic and monetary union is probably heading for a break up .  lapavitsas : the response of the european union has been a testament to its weaknes .
 'check here ' to support the election on your irs form ? maybe not for long <sec> currently , taxpayers can direct $ 3 to support presidential elections and conventions .  that option may disappear if a bill passes the senate .  fewer than 7 % of taxpayers took advantage of it in 2010 .  the $ 600 million collected so far would be redirected to other program .
 dominican republic aid to haiti eases historic tensions <sec> dominican republic first nation to give aid to haiti post-quake .  historically , wide gap in relations between neighbors .  dr 's quake support shows ties growing stronger .  dr providing food , medicine and rescue crews to hait .
 indonesia earthquake leaves 6 dead , officials say <sec> an earthquake that struck indonesia triggers landslides , an official says .  about 471 homes and buildings are damaged , officials say .  the 6.6-magnitude hit saturday near the city of pal .
