 wreck of wwii german u-boat found off n. carolina <sec> german u-576 attacked convoy off cape hatteras in 1942 .  u-boat sank tanker bluefields , but was sunk by allied planes , ship .  wrecks rest 240 yards apart on bottom of atlanti .
 lindsey vonn postpones comeback <sec> lindsey vonn pulls out of comeback race next week .  suffered fresh injury problem with fall in colorado in training .  underwent reconstructive surgery to right knee earlier this year .  bidding to defend olympic downhill title in sochi 201 .
 aid trucks turned away from syrian neighborhood amid reports of executions <sec> new : `` there is nowhere to go , '' british journalist says of baba amr siege .  syria victimized by `` extremely virulent rhetoric , '' ja'afari says .  at least 75 dead in syria as aid trucks denied entry to besieged neighborhood .  the syrian regime is committing `` appalling crimes , '' the european council president say .
 continental divide separates africans , african-americans <sec> senegalese woman says of two cultures : we are `` taught different values '' .  african , african-american teenagers had myriad misconceptions of each other .  nigerian says he tried to act like african-americans to fit in , was still confused .  key to dispelling myths about both cultures is education , dialogue , immigrants sa .
 royal style : why elizabeth ii is the queen of color <sec> famed for her unique hats and bold colors , the queen has a trademark fashion style .  for years her clothes were made by british designer hardy amies , now couturier stewart parvin makes her eye-catching outfits .  designers are given royal warrants to become dressers to the queen and it is no easy feat getting on .
 opinion : rove 's attack on hillary clinton was clumsy , but shrewd <sec> alex castellanos looks at karl rove 's assault on hillary clinton 's health and age .  he says his language probably was reckless , but could succeed as part of a larger strategy .  but , he argues , it also continues to damage the republican bran .
 gingrich : the gathering cyberstorm <sec> newt gingrich : cyberwar is a tool being used by terrorists , rogue states .  he says an electromagnetic pulse attack could disable america 's key infrastructure .  gingrich : some experts recognize the threat , but electric grid remains vulnerable .  he says private industry needs to do much more to prepare for possible threat .
 barcelona ax director of football andoni zubizarreta ; carles puyol quits club <sec> andoni zubizarreta dismissed by barcelona from role of director of football .  decision follows the club losing its appeal to cas over transfer ban .  former club captain carles puyol steps down from assistant sporting director rol .
 former-communist leader elected nepalese pm <sec> madhav kumar nepal of the communist party of nepal was only candidate .  nepal , 56 , is a former general secretary of the communist party .  pushpa kamal dahal , the maoist chairman , resigned as prime minister may 4 .  followed president 's decision to overturn cabinet 's sacking of army chie .
 australians condemn islamophobia with # illridewithyou <sec> campaign against islamophobia # illridewithyou takes off on social media .  anti-muslim sentiment flares after gunman takes hostages in sydney .  australian twitter users offer to travel with muslims as a gesture of solidarity .  # illridewithyou becomes top trending hashtag globall .
 police : man sold teen daughter into marriage for cash , beer , meat <sec> third party set up marriage between 14-year-old girl and 18-year-old man , police say .  groom was supposed to give the girl 's father cash and cases of beer , soda , meat .  when groom did n't pay up , father called the cops , say police in greenfield , california .  such arrangements are normal in mexican state where family is from , police sa .
 u.s. hosts cuba migration talks <sec> some say talks are a sign that frigid u.s.-cuba relations are slowly thawing .  others say a seized cuban weapons shipment to north korea is a sign talks should end .  united states calls for cuba to release a jailed state department contractor .  cuba 's delegation criticizes u.s. migration policie .
 new york marks fewest murders ever <sec> as of monday , new york city had 461 murders ; that 's down almost 11 % from 2008 .  since 2001 , all major crime rates in new york have declined by 35 percent .  mayor michael bloomberg credits use of technology , adequately funding police .  mayor also credits the targeting of high-crime areas with large numbers of officer .
 milkshake promoter denies reports of tear gas at kim kardashian protest in bahrain <sec> `` what protests ? ? .  kim kardashian loved by the people of bahrain , '' promoter tweets .  reports quote a local newspaper saying tear gas was used to disperse protesters .  cnn has not independently confirmed police used tear gas on kardashian protesters .  kardashian visited bahrain to promote a new milkshake shop at a bahrain mal .
 lethal weather on 'world 's most dangerous lake ' <sec> thousands of people die each year on lake victoria due to bad weather conditions .  authorities are testing a mobile alert weather service to protect fishermen .  locals receive text messages with weather forecasts and warnings about potential hazards .  lake victoria is the world 's second-biggest freshwater bod .
 captain gerrard : i 'm happy at liverpool <sec> liverpool captain steven gerrard says he is happy to stay at the club .  gerrard has been linked with a move to jose mourinho 's real madrid .  the 30-year-old was england captain during the recent world cup .  gerrard says he is pleased with liverpool 's capture of joe col .
 colorado mom pleads not guilty in terror case <sec> jamie paulin-ramirez accused of conspiring to support terrorists .  paulin-ramirez voluntarily flew back from abroad with 6-year-old son .  she was arrested in ireland in march , reportedly during investigation into murder plo .
 immigrant who promised to help prosecutors could lose family <sec> edmond demiraj says he is still ready to help prosecutors .  the justice department wants to deport his wife and son .  he was almost killed when sent back to albania .  he feels his family will be killed if they go bac .
 americans save on gas in mexico , but costs may hit later <sec> a gallon of gas costs about $ 3.10 in tijuana ; it costs $ 4.60 north of the border .  aaa auto club warns short-term savings could spiral into long-term expenses .  mexican gas containis more sulfur -- which could hurt u.s. car .
 here are the senators who have already endorsed clinton - cnnpolitics.com <sec> twenty-seven out of 46 members of the senate democratic caucus - or nearly 60 % - are already backing a clinton 2016 run .  most of these endorsements have been facilitated by ready for hillary , a super pac urging clinton to run .  the number of endorsements is a sign that clinton 's run is a forgone conclusion in washingto .
 2 charged in chicago teenage girl 's killing plead not guilty <sec> kenneth williams and michael ward are accused of killing hadiya pendleton , 15 .  police said ward confessed to killing the teen in a case of mistaken identity .  the two men pleaded not guilty this week to a host of charges .  ward 's lawyer calls the 141 murder charges against his client , for one death , `` absurd .
 world cup : tor ! how germany plotted for final glory <sec> mission improbable : germany 's world cup final win was 14 years in making .  nadir : poor performance in euro 2000 prompted new german blueprint .  solution : emphasis and investment placed on youth development .  result : germany wins 2014 world cup final with 1-0 victory over argentin .
 giant waves hit cruise ship ; 2 passengers killed <sec> 26-foot waves hit ship with 1,350 passengers aboard .  german , italian passengers killed when waves smashed windows .  fourteen other people injured .  vessel , the louis majesty , returns to port in barcelona , spai .
 uk police arrest 4 men suspected of terror plot <sec> new : police head : the action against the four arrested men is `` quite a serious case '' .  new : a lot of recent arrests are `` linked back to syria and iraq , '' where isis .  new : police : armed police officers helped in their arrests , which is rare in britain .  the arrests of 4 men in london come nearly two weeks after 10 others were arreste .
 after calm weeks , ferguson erupts over burned memorial <sec> five people arrested , two officers injured , one hit in the face with a rock , police say .  ferguson has been in the national spotlight since michael brown was shot in august .  police : someone apparently set a custard shop on fire after pouring gas around it .  protesters said they were angry that someone burned a brown memorial earlier tuesda .
 texas prosecutors ' deaths may have stemmed from ex justice 's grudge <sec> a texas prosecutor was killed in january .  the local district attorney and his wife were killed in march .  the wife of a former justice of the peace was arrested in the cas .
 jeb bush falls into gop 's immigration trap <sec> julian zelizer says a big test is looming for the republicans on immigration reform .  he says jeb bush stumbled on the issue last week , shifting his views to the right .  anti-immigration forces have strong support in conservative districts , he says .  zelizer : gop wants to attract growing latino vote , but has to worry about its bas .
 messi hits four for superb barcelona <sec> lionel messi scores all four goals as barcelona thrash arsenal 4-1 at the nou camp .  arsenal take the lead through nicklas bendtner before barcelona fight back .  the result sees holders barcelona through to the semifinals 6-3 on aggregat .
 e-mails show promoter 's doubts before michael jackson 's death <sec> sunday 's los angeles times reveals internal e-mails from `` this is it '' promoter .  `` aeg will make a fortune '' despite jackson 's death , promoter says in e-mail .  `` mj is locked in his room drunk and despondent , '' aeg live head writes on day of announcement .  randy phillips calls michael jackson 'an emotionally paralyzed mess ' in e-mai .
 3 killed in madrid halloween party stampede <sec> five women were crushed in a stampede at a halloween party .  three died , and two are in serious condition .  the event at madrid arena featured electronic music and a costume contes .
 astronomers capture first images of new planets <sec> astronomers have new images of four likely planets outside earth 's solar system .  images were recorded by the hubble space telescope and a telescope in hawaii .  the planets are probably too faint to detect with the human eye .  research findings published thursday in the journal science expres .
 should parents apologize for their kids ? <sec> the controversy over university of oklahoma students reciting a racist chant raises a number of issues .  ruben navarrette : is it necessary for parents to apologize for the bad actions of their grown children .
 'the avengers ' smashes domestic box office record for opening weekend <sec> `` the avengers '' earns $ 200.3 million in the u.s. its first weekend , disney says .  that beats the $ 168 million opening weekend record of the last `` harry potter '' film .  having opened internationally april 25 , `` the avengers '' has taken in $ 642 million worldwid .
 coppola 's wife : 'apocalypse now ' was 'out of control ' <sec> eleanor coppola is married to legendary filmmaker francis ford coppola .  life with francis afforded her a ringside seat for the making of film classics .  most famously she documented the disastrous making of `` apocalypse now '' .  she talks exclusively about life with francis and the film that almost broke hi .
 holder backs panel to update police training , tactics <sec> goal is to produce recommendations to help police deal with new threats .  panel would also boost use of technology such as police car and body cameras .  holder to announce support for the commission in wednesday speech .  critics will likely also want new standards for police use of forc .
 on the hunt for a killer -- of peacocks <sec> in the lush hills of a california enclave , peacocks have proliferated for decades .  fifty of the birds have been killed over the past two years .  lt. cesar perea of the society for the prevention of cruelty to animals is on the case .  he 's employing techniques usually used in human slayings to solve the myster .
 ntsb : bird strike caused fatal 2009 helicopter crash <sec> eight people died in the january 2009 crash in louisiana .  the chopper 's windshields were not bird-strike resistant , the board says .  the crash occurred days before a hudson river landing following a bird strik .
 michelle obama likely target of conservative attacks <sec> michelle obama 's comment widely criticized by conservative bloggers .  barack obama tells critics to `` lay off my wife '' .  attacks on politicians ' spouses often backfire , one gop strategist say .
 4 dead in seattle shooting ; 'my mom has gone crazy , ' survivor says <sec> five people are shot at home in west seattle .  four people are dead , including a woman believed to be the shooter .  the survivor reportedly told responders `` my mom has gone crazy .
 cnn student news transcript : october 12 , 2009 <sec> learn about the rescue operation that ended a 22-hour standoff in pakistan .  study the praise and challenges that accompany president obama 's nobel prize .  discuss how the international space station could become an abandoned laborator .
 fda approves easy-to-use heroin overdose antidote <sec> evzio is an auto-injector for naloxone , which reverses effects of heroin overdose .  it is injected into the muscle and does not require training , making it more user-friendly .  new york state program puts naloxone and the training to use it in the hands of police .  state attorney general : `` it is n't every day that we can announce that we will save lives .
 apparently this matters : r.i.p. , 'gangnam style ' <sec> i hereby declare october 12 , 2012 , as the day `` gangnam style '' died .  the last straw was when i came upon yet another trending video of a group dance to this song .  we 've long since rid ourselves of `` macarena , '' so we say can goodbye to `` gangnam style '' .
 experience brazilian high culture and street style in hip são paulo <sec> são paulo 's art , fashion and music scene means it 's no longer second to rio .  among the grid of skyscrapers is iconic modernist architecture by oscar niemeyer .  uniquely brazilian , the city also has a twist of other cultures .  do what the paulistanos do and sample street-side delicacies and top cocktail .
 golf in a bubble but will it float or burst ? <sec> planned indoor golf center in the netherlands would be the biggest of its kind .  the center would boast state-of-the-art facilities but carries a price tag of $ 66 million .  trends point to growing demand for indoor golf faciliteis or `` virtual '' golf .  traditionalists say golf will remain a predominantly outdoor gam .
 is google taking computing to warp speed ? <sec> google has assembled a team of experts trying to craft a quantum computer .  financial services , machine learning and other industries could benefit .  quantum computing especially useful for complex `` optimization '' problem .
 national menorah lit in washington <sec> lighting of the national menorah was sunday in washington .  rabbi levi shemtov has particpated in the event for more than 20 years .  the national menorah sits in the ellipse just south of the white hous .
 why makers of facebook games get no respect <sec> facebook game developers say they 're sometimes put at the bottom of the pecking order .  that 's despite the fact that social-game business is very profitable .  some critics consider social games money-driven rather than artisti .
 review : willis goes through the motions in 'a good day to die hard ' <sec> bruce willis is back for the latest installment in the `` die hard '' franchise .  the film finds his character traveling to moscow to find his son .  critic says it may be time to call it a da .
 all the pressure on vettel claims alonso ahead of f1 title decider <sec> f1 world title to be decided in brazil gp this weekend .  sebastian vettel leads fernando alonso by 13 points going into race at interlagos .  vettel bidding for third straight title in his red bull .  ferrari 's alonso is a two-time former champio .
 officials : iraqi soldiers fire on anti-government protesters <sec> new : prime minister nuri al-maliki says he believes conspirators are plotting to undermine regime .  at least four people are killed in the shootings , health officials and witnesses say .  the shootings occur in falluja in iraq 's western anbar province .  protesters are calling for the shiite prime minister to step dow .
 after fires , drought , now rains hit los angeles , california <sec> rains are the first since the weather system behind the drought collapsed .  though desperately needed , the rain has not been great news .  deluge has come down at more than an inch an hour at times .  rain and cold will move , hitting the east coast monda .
 tom felton is 'team slytherin ' all the way <sec> tom felton ca n't explain why so many harry potter fans are on `` team slitherin '' .  j.k. rowling impressed felton as incredibly down to earth .  as cast of the harry potter films , felton lists few perks , but they do include butter bee .
 skydiving family ranges in age from 18 to 94 <sec> four generations , in age from 18 to 94 , jump out of plane at 14,000 feet .  great-grandmother harriett shepard jumped once before -- at age 91 .  jumpers included family members age 94 , 74 , 45 and 18 .  `` i 'm never scared up there , '' great-grandmother say .
 foodie struggles every day to keep pounds off <sec> doug skinner weighed nearly 300 pounds in 2004 .  having to buy size 48 pants at a discount clothing store helped him make a change .  skinner runs five days a week and recently completed a 10-mile rac .
 j.k. rowling almost killed off ron weasley <sec> `` i did seriously consider killing ron , '' rowling said .  it 's easy to imagine that he might have bit the dust relatively early .  how much freakier the latter potters would have felt without good ol ' ron aroun .
 oscar de la hoya returns to rehab <sec> oscar de la hoya announces he 's in rehab .  `` i have voluntarily admitted myself into a treatment facility , '' he says .  the boxer has previously admitted problems with drug and alcohol abus .
 amanda knox and raffaele sollecito 's retrial : view from inside the courtroom <sec> amanda knox and raffaele sollecito were in 2009 convicted of meredith kercher 's murder .  in 2011 , they were acquitted of the crime , but in march 2013 italy 's high court ordered a retrial .  the retrial began in florence monday but has been adjourned until october 4 .  kercher 's body was found in 2007 in the perugia flat she and knox shared with two other .
 education chief apologizes for 'dumb thing ' on new orleans <sec> arne duncan said hurricane was best thing to happen to city 's failing schools .  he apologizes for word choice but stands by sentiment .  `` the progress we 've seen ... has been absolutely remarkable , '' he says .  many louisiana education officials echo his thought .
 the razzies name 'the last airbender ' the worst movie of 2010 <sec> among its `` awards '' is one for worst eye-gouging misuse of 3-d .  all four actresses of `` sex and the city 2 '' are `` honored '' as worst actress .  actors rarely attend the ceremon .
 opinion : huckabee 's 'libido ' comment chilling <sec> cecile richards : mike huckabee caused uproar with clueless comments about birth control .  he said women told they need goverrnment `` uncle sugar '' to pay for their birth control .  richards : his words show political agenda to deny women contraceptive coverage .  richards : birth control key in women 's lives , health . .  next election , issue will be in balanc .
 beaten but not tamed , punk band pussy riot strikes back in sochi <sec> at a bizarre news conference in sochi , pussy riot unveils a video critical of vladimir putin .  the video features footage taken of band members being attacked by cossacks .  man in giant chicken costume was part of fowl-themed group attempting to disrupt event .  on tuesday , police in sochi detained members of the dissident ban .
 cnn student news - september 16 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 could human life be put on hold ? <sec> mark roth is a scientist who is studying ways to put life into suspended animation .  in a ted talk , he describes how his lab has put some organisms into a suspended state .  the animals are revived and appear to suffer no lasting damage , he says .  such techniques may one day keep people from dying so they can get urgent care , he say .
 queen elizabeth visits wimbledon <sec> queen 's first visit to wimbledon in 33 years .  past champions on hand to greet queen .  lunch at clubhouse planne .
