 japanese man heads back home to 'ghost town ' outside nuclear plant <sec> kazuhiro shirato went to his hometown of tomioka , japan , which has been evacuated .  the town is about 8 kilometers from the nuclear plant that 's been in crisis since march 11 .  he says he found the town was totally abandoned , except for dogs and some cows .  angry at the plant 's owner , shirato says , `` i doubt i will ever be able to go back .
 no vaccine-autism link : get kids shots <sec> rahul parikh : before vaccines , polio , measles , whooping cough , meningitis afflicted children .  parikh : diseases virtually wiped out , but an anti-vaccine trend threatens to bring them back .  doctor who linked vaccine with autism has been discredited , barred from practice , he writes .  as whooping cough cases mount in california , he says , it 's clear kids need shot .
 26 dead , more than 850 wounded as post-coup violence hits egypt <sec> at least 26 people were killed in post-coup violence , state media reports .  gunshots and birdshot fired in clashes near cairo university , witness says .  egypt military arrests the muslim brotherhood 's deputy supreme leader .  egyptian soldiers stop cnn 's ben wedeman from reporting , seize camer .
 tour de france : majka wins stage 14 as nibali increases overall lead <sec> tinkoff saxo rider rafal majka beats tour de france leader vincenzo nibali in stage 14 .  majka dedicates victory to teammate alberto contador who crashed out of race last monday .  nibali finishes second to extend overall lead to four minutes 37 second .
 authorities probe 911 response to josh powell 's home <sec> critics have said it took too long for dispatchers to alert police .  `` we will investigate all aspects of this incident , '' official says .  a public funeral for boys is set for saturday .  josh powell was a suspect in the 2009 disappearance of his wife , susan cox-powel .
 todd gurley , heisman contender , suspended by georgia <sec> the university of georgia did n't divulge the nature of the possible ncaa violation .  gurley is a junior and could be a high pick in next year 's nfl draft .  coach mark richt says : `` i 'm obviously very disappointed .
 tv gameshow offers atheists 'salvation ' <sec> turkish tv show features imam , catholic priest , jewish rabbi , buddhist monk .  religious leaders attempt to persuade atheists to `` convert '' to their faith .  show has prompted criticism from religious groups who say it is `` disrespectful .
 relaxed federer accepts the end of his dominance <sec> world no . .  2 roger federer seeking his fifth australian open title in melbourne .  swiss star has taken a relaxed approach to his build-up to 2013 's opening grand slam .  he instead opted to play in exhibition tour of south america in december .  novak djokovic seeking to become first to win three successive australian open .
 killer recorded terror attack on kosher store <sec> amedy coulibaly killed four people at store .  source tells french journalist that the terrorist emailed video of the attack .  fear is the video , which shows three killings , will pop up on jihadist website .
 garrido stayed under the radar , despite contacts <sec> officials visited garrido home more than two dozen times in past three years .  phillip garrido 's parole officer checked up on him at least twice a month .  garrido violated parole in 1993 , but offense was n't reported to all the right agencie .
 italy suffer buffon setback ; robben 8 days from fitness <sec> italy goalkeeper gianluigi buffon is out indefinitely with a back injury .  italy face new zealand on june 20 after 1-1 draw with paraguay in opener .  dutch star arjen robben is still eight days from full fitness , netherlands coach says .  influential spain midfielder andres iniesta fit to face switzerland on june 1 .
 chinese 'ping-pong diplomacy ' player dies <sec> chinese table tennis legend zhuang zedong has died aged 73 .  he was key figure in `` ping pong diplomacy '' that helped thaw ties between china , u.s . .  u.s.-china table tennis match led to 1972 visit by u.s. president richard nixo .
 world 's 15 most expensive hotel suites <sec> you can arrive by helicopter at the peninsula in hong kong .  atlantis has 10-room suites with gold sofas , cushions , gilt mirrors and chandeliers .  the royal penthouse suite at the hotel president wilson hotel is $ 65,0000 a nigh .
 major earthquake hits off coast of el salvador <sec> new : a small wave of about 10 centimeters ( 4 inches ) was recorded at acajutla , el salvador .  the earthquake took place nearly 53 kilometers ( 33 miles ) underground .  there were reports of minor shaking , but no damage or injuries .  the region is prone to earthquake .
 video appears to show employee abusing resident at group home <sec> video appears to show an employee kicking , whipping and dragging a resident by her hair .  video given anonymously to connecticut authorities , home operator , wfsb .  options unlimited , the home operators , has released a statement of regre .
 mickey rooney seeks career revival under new conservatorship <sec> `` we 're going to get him working , '' rooney 's conservator says .  a judge appointed a conservator to oversee rooney 's affairs friday .  rooney says the conservator needs to protect him from stepchildren .  the actor testified to congress about elder abuse this mont .
 oregon driver pinned between semi trucks survives <sec> kaleb whitby was part of a 26-vehicle pileup on an icy oregon interstate .  his truck plowed into a semi before it was crushed by another sem .
 retired l.a. detective sentenced to 27 years to life for 1986 murder <sec> new : `` i just ca n't bear thinking about these moments , '' the victim 's husband tells the court .  former detective stephanie ilene lazarus , 52 , could be eligible for parole in 22 years .  she was convicted of shooting and killing sherri rasmussen , then 29 .  rasmussen was the new wife of lazarus ' ex-boyfrien .
 are the police tracking your calls ? <sec> a number of cell phone companies are selling users ' private information to police .  catherine crump : wireless carriers have been secretive about their actions .  she says the public needs to be informed so that this surveillance technique is not abused .  crump : wireless carriers should tell customers how data is collected , stored and share .
 witnesses describe violence , chaos in libyan cities <sec> witnesses in tripoli and benghazi report on tumult ; cnn ca n't confirm their accounts .  masked men blasted pro-government music and fired guns in tripoli , witnesses say .  anti-government protesters set fire to cars and attacked a military base in benghazi .  moammar gadhafi 's son claims the media overstates the violence , blames outsider .
 suspect in multiple slaying returns to crime scene , is arrested <sec> four of five people shot are dead ; fifth victim underwent surgery late thursday .  suspect richard ringold heard police sought him and returned to crime scene .  ringold faces four counts of murder and one count of aggravated assaul .
 opinion : how terrible is it to be born a girl ? <sec> a woman in pakistan was stoned to death , nearly 300 girls in nigeria were kidnapped .  isobel coleman : despite progress , all societies suffer from violence against women .  she says but these headlines of hatred against women are starting to catalyze change .  coleman : that violence is being counted is a step forward from centuries of silenc .
 with a handmade sign and facebook , a city rebuilds in sandy 's wake <sec> hundreds of volunteers buzz in and out of a historic downtown mansion in jersey city .  government agencies are stretched to reach those still reeling in sandy 's aftermath .  volunteer efforts have cropped up in storm-battered communitie .
 pet dogs abandoned as recession bites <sec> dog re-homing centers in uk at bursting point as owners dump their pets .  economic crisis means many owners ca n't afford expense of caring for dogs .  many dogs given as christmas presents end up with animal charities .  charity donations to animal welfare groups also likely to suffer because of crisi .
 arthur could deliver dangerous rip currents to n.c . <sec> arthur was not at hurricane strength late wednesday .  boston pops fireworks spectacular will be held thursday , not july 4 .  arthur will threaten parts of the east coast but spare most fourth of july celebrations .  arthur is expected to veer away from land and be gone by saturda .
 barbra streisand returns to late night with fallon <sec> barbra streisand last appeared on `` the tonight show '' 51 years ago .  she and host jimmy fallon sang together .  he said he expected the star to be a div .
 obama mixes policy , humor with letterman <sec> president obama 's visit first time a sitting president has been `` letterman '' guest .  obama says he 'll ask `` tough questions '' before sending more troops to afghanistan .  president says he does n't think racism fuels opposition to health care overhaul .  what did daughters malia and sasha do this summer ? .  they `` goofed off , '' he say .
 arkansas game officials probe mystery of falling birds <sec> no birds were found outside of a one-mile area .  up to 5,000 birds fell from the sky new year 's eve .  testing will begin monday to determine what caused the incident .  the birds were found in beebe , arkansa .
 clippers ' sterling opposes wife as he seeks tv deal <sec> new : donald sterling says he is negotiating with fox for clippers games .  new : he cites how the lakers struck a $ 3 billion deal with time warner cable .  new : he denies he is opposing his wife over 'dignity ' .  new : 'my wife ca n't run anything , ' donald sterling testifie .
 behind-the-scenes tour reveals supreme court traditions , grandeur <sec> the u.s. supreme court building turns 75 this year .  a behind-the-scenes tour shows justices ' domain .  because of security concerns , public no longer uses traditional main entrance .  with 600,000 volumes , the oak-paneled library is the court 's information cente .
 why we still love 'the goonies ' <sec> `` the goonies '' is a movie about outcasts .  the film was the brainchild of steven spielberg .  corey haim and corey feldman first met because of `` the goonies .
 boston terror fears raised at senate immigration hearing <sec> new : sens . .  john mccain and lindsey graham say boston bombing prove need for immigration reform .  sen. chuck grassley says boston bombings raise new immigration reform concerns .  sen. chuck schumer says senators should n't jump to conclusions .  bipartisan immigration bill aims to tighten border security , create path to citizenshi .
 helicopter rescue planned for ship stranded in antarctic <sec> passengers preparing for new year 's eve festivities .  it will take at least a day for the weather to improve .  helicopter can pick up 12 passengers at a time .  barge will ferry them from chinese ship to australian vesse .
 pegida chief resigns amid hitler selfie uproar <sec> leader of anti-islamization group said he took hitler photo as `` joke '' to coincide with audiobook release .  pegida , which says it fights against islamization of the west , has organized rallies drawing as many as 25,000 .  newspaper published the hitler photo wednesday , but image was posted on facebook months ag .
 gerbils replace rats as main plague-spreading suspects <sec> rats have long been blamed for helping spread the plague in europe .  but scientists say gerbils in central asia could have played a bigger role .  they think the disease may have been repeatedly reintroduced through trade route .
 opinion : gop , be a champion for workplace equality <sec> senate passed a law that would end workplace discrimination against gays .  donna brazile says the gop might thwart the bill in the house .  she says the declaration of independence 's stance on equality rings loud and true .  brazile : congressional republicans should extend equality to all peopl .
 lille reveal gervinho set for arsenal talks <sec> lille reveal that striker gervinho is set to hold talks with arsenal over a move .  ivorian gervinho starred as lille won french league and cup double last season .  germany defender jerome boateng reveals he has agreed to join bayern munic .
 hernandez and blanco goals sink sorry france <sec> mexico beat france 2-0 in their group a clash in polakwane .  goals from javier hernandez and cuauhtemoc blanco in second half sink french .  uruguay and mexico will both qualify from group if they draw their final matc .
 syria 's neighbors : what 's at stake ? <sec> syria 's crisis is bleeding into its neighbors .  the outcome will have deep influences on the region .  saudi arabia backs the rebels , while iran supports the regime , for exampl .
 john king : for obama , a bad turn or a tipping point ? <sec> administration facing persistent questions about credibility , competence .  democratic veteran questions whether white house learns from mistakes .  obama 's poll numbers at same place as george w. bush 's at this point in his presidency .  timing of crisis is key -- every day brings midterm elections closer , loyalty harder to maintai .
 federer opens with straight sets win over lacko <sec> new : third seed novak djokovic beats marcel granollers in first night session .  defending champion roger federer eases to first round win at australian open .  federer beats lukas lacko of slovakia 6-1 6-1 6-3 at melbourne park .  nikolay davydenko and sam querrey are early seeded casualties in first slam of 201 .
 arizona detective resigns after citizenship status revealed <sec> new : activist : such cases are n't as uncommon as you might think .  carmen figueroa was a detective with the arizona department of public safety .  a state department investigation found she is an undocumented immigrant .  she had always been told she was born in the united state .
 joplin missing list dwindles to single digits <sec> the official missing list drops to 8 .  more deceased victims have been identified .  at a memorial service , a sign reads `` hope .
 facebook ipo underwhelms web , too <sec> new : facebook stock closed nearly where it opened friday .  new : on rival twitter , some smirked at lack of a price jump .  online , almost every financial or tech expert has an opinion .  facebook on thursday afternoon set its initial share price at $ 3 .
 china : wechat apologizes for u.s. flag glitch <sec> wechat messaging app users typing in the phrase `` civil rights '' were inundated with u.s. flags .  wechat said the u.s. flag special feature was in honor of the martin luther king jr. day .  however , no special icons appeared when patriotic chinese terms were entered .  and it was only meant to be seen only by users in the u.s. , not in other region .
 should photographers help or shoot ? <sec> photographer took picture of man in path of subway ; public outcry ensued .  j. ross baughman says a photojournalist 's job is to witness .  he says if role is to record bad things in world , one ca n't fix them before they happen .  writer witnessed brutal torture in rhodesia ; in doing so , he revealed government lie .
 why tech innovators are africa 's future <sec> ffene , slicebiz and prowork are the three winners of the apps4africa 2012 competition .  the competition has shown that africa has a growing number of innovators .  but the challenge is to turn the apps into lucrative business ideas , says mariéme jamme .  she says africa 's tech entrepreneurs need mentoring and fundin .
 marines video and the ugly impulse of revenge <sec> nancy sherman : marines urinating on taliban corpses shames the u.s. , outrages world .  it violates military conduct , she said , also the moral duty to show respect toward the dead .  sherman : desecration of bodies in war is nothing new , but was disdained even in antiquity .  military leaders must cultivate empathy in troops for families of the slain , she write .
 akihito : the 125th emperor of japan <sec> japan has the world 's only monarch with the title emperor .  the chrysanthemum throne is the oldest hereditary monarchy in the world .  akihito is the fifth child and first son of emperor hirohito and empress nagako .  akihito 's interests include marine biology , tennis , playing the cell .
 finding in cuba what my mother left behind ( opinion ) <sec> soledad o'brien 's mother left cuba at 14 , settled in maryland . .  she never looked back .  obama 's shift on cuba a chance for many , like o'brien , to see what parents left behind .  she says she 's been to cuba , people eager for outside news ; she felt connection .  o'brien : reconnecting will open cultural , political , personal perspective she 'd misse .
 18 rescued in child pornography raids , feds say <sec> new : some of the child victims were residing in homes of adults arrested .  new : 190 people are arrested in united states and other countries .  new : arrests are made in 33 states plus puerto rico .  new : a child in san diego was photographed in a showe .
 hong kong 's former ming pao editor kevin lau stabbed <sec> former ming pao chief editor kevin lau stabbed three times .  lau is in critical condition ; attackers are still at large .  lau was sacked as editor last month , stirring outcry about hong kong 's press freedo .
 geography , weather factors in iowa caucuses <sec> the central part of iowa is the state 's most democratic area .  western iowa is home to the most republicans .  support of iowa 's largest newspaper , the des moines register , highly sought .  weather may affect how many people turn ou .
 opinion : why some catholics think obama is master of deception <sec> ashley mcguire : catholics knew obama was deceptive ; now rest of america knows .  she says obama went back on his word regarding conscience rights and types of birth control .  her bottom line : obamacare subsidizes abortion pill coverage with taxpayer dollar .
 dwyane wade 's home court advantage <sec> basketball star dwyane wade 's new book addresses his mother 's drug addiction .  wade 's mother is now drug-free and a pastor in chicago ; they have a `` great relationship '' .  wade 's book is diversifying his fan base , bringing women and older people to book signing .
 wimbledon : andy murray dumped out by grigor dimitrov <sec> defending champion andy murray beaten by bulgaria 's grigor dimitrov .  dimitrov crushes briton 6-1 7-6 6-2 in quarterfinal clash on centre court .  bulgarian will face novak djokovic in semis after no . .  1 seed beats marin cilic .  seven-time champion roger federer to face milos raonic in other semifina .
 new law stops injustice of paying alimony forever <sec> steve hitner worked to reform state alimony law after he went bankrupt trying to pay .  he remarried and some of his second wife 's income went to hitner 's alimony payments .  hitner : new law has guidelines and sets reasonable length of time for payments .  he says many states are considering new laws that do n't financially ruin the paye .
 powerful typhoon utor leaves 1 dead , 20 missing in philippines <sec> typhoon utor makes landfall with gusts of 200 kilometers per hour .  philippine authorities report one person dead and 20 missing .  it 's the strongest storm anywhere in the world so far this year .  more than 650 houses are damaged in one coastal provinc .
 kisses , champagne and crackers : your lavish new year 's eve parties <sec> few parties are as lavish , ridiculous or exhilarating as a new year 's eve party .  you shared your most spectacular party shots with us on irepor .
 why these american workers ca n't get ahead <sec> vijay das : so-so jobs numbers contain truth that worries labor experts : too much american job growth is in part-time low-income work . .  he says erratic work schedules tied to customer traffic wreaks havoc with low-wage workers ' lives . .  congress can fix thi .
 new mexico teen accused of gunning down family 'lost sense of conscience ' <sec> new : family asks public not to use the incident in national debate on guns .  new : `` to be clear , our family has differing views on gun rights and gun control , '' they say .  griego will face charges as an adult in the deaths of his parents and three siblings .  `` this is beyond any human reasoning or understanding at this time , '' the sheriff say .
 commentary : make the recession work for you <sec> peter bregman : the recession provides an opportunity as well as a challenge .  he says people who were working just for money now can rethink what they do .  he says , if you were laid off , focus your time on what you love doing .  bregman : spending time with people is best route to fulfilling new jo .
 robben nets treble as seven-goal bayern rout hannover <sec> dutch forward arjen robben scores hat-trick in bayern munich 's 7-0 win over hannover .  ivica olic and thomas muller also score twice as bayern stay two points clear at top .  schalke had taken league lead with earlier 3-1 victory over borussia moenchengladbach .  werder bremen claim third place on goal difference with 4-2 win at champions wolfsbur .
 at least 26 hurt in megabus crash near indianapolis <sec> police : at least six people suffered serious injuries .  the bus was headed from atlanta to chicago when it crashed south of indianapolis .  police : bus driver was trying to avoid previous acciden .
