 nigerians demand answers in wake of dana air crash <sec> gyado says there were signs that dana air standards had slipped in the last six months .  the airline faces accusations of penny-pinching and aircraft overuse .  nigerian civil aviation authority , the country 's airline industry regulator must be questioned to .
 'birdman , ' diversity , speech big moments at sag awards <sec> viola davis ' speech , `` orange '' showcase tv diversity at sag awards .  `` birdman '' wins big prize for film .
 senators test-drive green cars on capitol hill <sec> an eclectic assortment of alternative-energy vehicles hit capitol hill this week .  the display attracted u.s. senators who could n't resist taking the cars for a spin .  the event was organized by a carmaker from indiana to showcase its plug-in hybrid .  display included cars from gm , zenn , bright automotive and smart , among other .
 georgia parole board hearing last-ditch appeal from death-row inmate <sec> troy davis is set to die by lethal injection on wednesday .  the parole board will hear his argument he 's not guilty of mark macphail 's murder .  the savannah police officer died after being shot three times in 1989 .  advocacy groups claim over 1 million have signed a petition in support of davi .
 from the mouth of tony soprano : 'we 're soldiers ' <sec> james gandolfini played tony soprano on the hbo hit show `` the sopranos '' .  tony sorprano 's lines routinely struck a chord for their frankness , humor , depth .  gandonfini , who died in italy , had notable roles in films like `` crimson tide , '' `` 8mm '' .  more recently , he played the cia director in the critically acclaimed `` zero dark thirty .
 7 ways to boost your happiness <sec> science shows happy people live longer and healthier lives .  change your attitude -- optimists have a lower risk for cardiovascular disease .  denmark has been ranked the happiest nation in the worl .
 family , friends remember rodney king at funeral <sec> his daughter says she is proud of her father and grateful to have had him as long as she did .  rodney king 's beating by los angeles police in 1991 was caught on camera .  riots broke out after the officers involved were acquitted .  king 's funeral comes nearly two weeks after he was found dead in his swimming poo .
 bush : no sense of jubilation at bin laden 's death <sec> george w. bush was interviewed for a documentary airing on september 11 .  documentarian : bush remains troubled by many of his decisions after the 9/11 attacks .  peter schnall says bush recalls `` journeying through the fog of war .
 baseball 's lenny dykstra charged with indecent exposure <sec> lenny dykstra charged thursday with two counts of indecent exposure .  charges accuse him of allegedly exposing himself to women solicited on craigslist .  the former mlb star is scheduled to be arraigned on september .
 president ortega cruises to a 3rd term in nicaragua <sec> new : daniel ortega is declared the winner with more than double his closest rival 's votes .  new : opponent fabio gadea refuses to accept the results .  an opposition leader says the electoral process was `` plagued with irregularities '' .  ortega 's popular support remains high , particularly among nicaragua 's yout .
 lawyer : 'droves ' of potential plaintiffs in travolta sex suit <sec> travolta 's lawyer challenges details of the alleged beverly hills hotel incident on january 16 .  the actor was in new york from january 15 for several days , his lawyer says .  people `` from every state '' are calling to join the lawsuit , says lawyer who filed it .  travolta must testify in public and on camera unless he settles the suit , the lawyer say .
 after 7 years at gitmo , resettled uyghurs grateful for freedom <sec> two uyghurs relocated from guantanamo spoke friday with cnn 's don lemon .  both denied having been terrorists and expressed gratitude toward u.s. president .  four of the chinese muslims were relocated to bermuda ; 13 remain at gitmo .  incident has had international repercussions centering on where to relocate me .
 kenya 's top court upholds kenyatta win in disputed election <sec> highly-anticipated ruling means kenyatta will be sworn in april 9 .  prime minister raila odinga says he accepts the court decision .  kenyan supreme court says presidential election was `` free and fair '' .  the ruling ends a drawn-out case that has riveted the natio .
 a taxi ride to remember , from new york to los angeles <sec> two friends decide to take a taxi from new york city to los angeles .  they persuade a cabbie to take the 3,000-mile trip for $ 5,000 .  in omaha , the exhausted driver threatens to go home .  six days after they started , the three arrive in californi .
 experts : new sars-like virus could show up in u.s . <sec> new : a sixth person has died from a new sars-like virus .  most of those affected by the virus have been in the middle east .  person-to-person transmission of the virus appears difficult , experts sa .
 un warns of food crisis in south sudan <sec> millions could face food shortages and hunger in south sudan , the u.n. says .  food supply routes into south sudan have been blocked , the report says .  south sudan became independent from sudan last yea .
 what would steve jobs do ? <sec> douglas rushkoff : now that steve jobs is dead , will cult of apple endure ? .  he says jobs guided many into digital society with user-friendly computers .  he says jobs told users what they did and did n't need ; they trusted his judgment .  rushkoff : as consumers rely on their own judgment , not jobs ' , will they stay with apple .
 aspen bombs wrapped like christmas gifts , police say <sec> new : man delivered note that mentions `` will & testament , '' `` 2 crime scenes '' .  bomb threat cost resort town millions on one of the busiest nights of the year .  body of james blanning , 72 , and weapons found in car east of aspen .  two bombs left on sled in alley likely intended for other banks , police sai .
 new water lows for great lakes could drain local economies <sec> water levels in lake michigan and lake huron are expected to set a record low .  dry conditions are accelerating a long-term trend , forecaster says .  commercial shipping , recreational boaters are facing issues .  the tourist trade also could suffer , experts sa .
 object shot out of sky above israeli nuclear plant , military says <sec> the location is in israel 's negev desert .  the object was in a closed airspace .  it could have been a party balloo .
 first on cnn : insurers launch new ad to stop medicare advantage cuts <sec> insurers aim to prevent medicare advantage cuts with tv , lobbying campaign .  policy makers in washington will soon set 2015 rates , which were cut 6.5 % this year .  tv ad includes seniors who remind lawmakers , up for election in the fall , that they vot .
 bp fears 'the worst ' for missing algeria workers <sec> bp says four of its workers remain unaccounted for , and `` we fear the worst '' .  `` i 'll be angry for a long time , '' the brother of a texas man killed in the raid says .  a former plant worker aided militant attackers , algeria says .  the white house again backs the algerian respons .
 preparing for bashar al-assad 's exit <sec> last week , key syrian security leaders were assassinated by syrian insurgency .  marc lynch : briefly , many thought that bashar al-assad 's regime would rapidly fall .  he says the regime 's determination to survive at any price could draw things out .  lynch : the u.s. is prudent to not interfere , but it can help in the transitio .
 gang members , police officer arrested in filmmaker 's slaying <sec> french filmmaker christian poveda was shot to death in el salvador last week .  poveda had just finished documentary on violent street gang .  4 of those arrested are members of the gang , another is police officer , officials say .  salvadoran media report the gang suspected poveda was giving info to polic .
 chinese credit card debt mounts <sec> although chinese credit card debt is far behind the u.s. , it 's beginning to mount .  new credit cards jumped 32 percent the past year .  chinese card debts more than two months overdue rose 133 percent this yea .
 michael jackson : your number one music icon <sec> almost 100,000 of you voted for michael jackson as your top global music icon .  bob marley , the beatles , leslie cheung and elvis presley also made the top five .  madonna came in at number six , nanarrowlyissing a place in the gallery .  this month , vote for your top five western painters of the 20th centur .
 jacques kallis hits century in final test for south africa <sec> south africa batsman jacques kallis scores century in his final test .  kallis ' 115 puts proteas in charge of second match against india .  tourists battling to avoid defeat after losing two wickets on sunday .  australia takes 4-0 lead against england in ashes with melbourne wi .
 one year later , syria still boiling <sec> new : the six gulf cooperation council countries close their syrian embassies .  an assessment mission will start this weekend , a u.n. official says .  the death toll is `` fast approaching 10,000 , '' an activist says .  u.n.-arab league envoy kofi annan will brief the u.n. security council on frida .
 un nuclear inspectors head to iran as compliance deadline nears <sec> iran anticipates u.n. nuclear inspectors sunday night , fars news agency reports .  new nuclear talks between iran and 6 world powers set to begin may 13 .  iran has a may 15 deadline to meet 7 agreed-upon nuclear requirement .
 colorado boasts fit residents <sec> coloradans are among country 's fittest residents , a new report says .  fewer than one in five state residents leads an inactive lifestyle .  state also ranks 50th in diabetes and high blood pressur .
 azerbaijan arrests 22 it says spied for iran <sec> new : iran has rejected previous claims by azerbaijan of involvement in plots on its soil .  the spy ring was supplied with military training and weapons , azerbaijani officials say .  its members were recruited by iranian special agents , the national security ministry says .  the spy ring was allegedly plotting attacks on israeli and western targets in azerbaija .
 sister : kenneth bae 's move to north korea labor camp is 'devastating ' <sec> sports agent makes plea to north korea , offering himself in place of bae .  rep. rangel says public effort should focus on how bae is father , son , brother .  kenneth bae was recently moved from a north korean hospital to a labor camp .  his sister , terri chung , says she 's `` deeply concerned '' about the mov .
 power outages , one death reported in northeast heat wave <sec> new : conservation calls being heeded in new york , con ed says .  as many as 9,000 are without power in connecticut , utility says .  heat kink '' forces delays on metrorail 's red line in washington .  elderly philadelphia woman 's death was heat-related , medical examiner say .
 is your car making you sick ? <sec> fumes from your new car created from soup of harmful chemicals .  porsche 911 and honda accord are two least toxic cars .  in europe , allergy-tested vehicles are very popular .  ionic auto air purifier can help get rid of the fumes in your ca .
 the power of one wrong tweet <sec> a fake tweet can spread across the social network and into the real world quickly .  one tweet from a hacked ap account resulted in a dip in the stock market .  there is no way to edit or take back a tweet and deleting is ineffective once it is in the wil .
 results of sudan referendum set for early february <sec> the south sudan referendum commission was formed last year .  it organized a referendum on whether to split southern sudan from a government based in the north .  final results are expected in early februar .
 residents : the ferguson on tv is not our town <sec> ferguson yearns for more `` normal '' days .  shooting and protests have changed the town .  resident : `` from what i understand , ferguson is a-ok .
 one-piece bathing suit makes a comeback <sec> style experts say the one-piece is the fashion-forward choice this season .  swimwear trends will be on display this weekend at miami swim week .  the one-piece is a perfect canvas for sporty and sexy styles .  the modern version of the one-piece dates back to 1980s , historian say .
 miley cyrus sick again , delays start of europe tour <sec> miley 's weekend shows in amsterdam and antwerp are rescheduled in june .  `` after a period of improvement , cyrus ' symptoms have returned , '' rep says .  cyrus still hopes to perform her `` bangerz '' show at london 's o2 arena may 6 .  postponed north american shows are set for first two weeks in augus .
 did asiana passengers ignore safety messages ? <sec> chinese netizens buzz over images of passengers with luggage .  safety standards make it unlikely crew was at fault , say experts .  ntsb investigations continue , will consider passenger behavior on evacuatio .
 2 americans banned from uk lash out at british cabinet minister <sec> talk show host asks why hugo chavez , kim jong il not on list .  uk home office : 22 people banned from britain for `` stirring up hatred '' .  home office named only 16 of those on the list .  ex-ku klux klansman , russian skinheads , radical islamic clerics also on lis .
 senate panel approves expanded background checks on gun sales <sec> judiciary committee votes 10-8 to move background check plan forward .  panel delays consideration of proposed assault weapons ban until thursday .  new : democratic background check proposal followed failed effort for bipartisan plan .  school massacre in connecticut prompts proposals in washington to stem gun violenc .
 eating his way to a six-pack with 16 eggs a day <sec> man who wants six-pack revamps diet to consume 1 ¼ pound of meat and 16 eggs .  lean protein-heavy diet useful to getting a six-pack , nutritionist says .  share your journey to change with ireport.co .
 explosions in stockholm believed to be failed terrorist attack <sec> new : dead man has not been formally identified .  new : police say they received email threat before explosions .  sweden 's foreign minister says incident was terrorist attack .  1 is dead , 2 are injured in explosion .
 katy perry disses miley 's tongue , and miley bites back <sec> katy perry and miley cyrus are having a fallout over their kiss .  perry joked that cyrus wanted more than she was willing to give .  cyrus heard about it , and fired back with a tweet referencing perry 's rumored ex .  the two pop stars kissed each other at cyrus ' concert on february 2 .
 robbed ! the screening room 's top ten oscars that were n't . <sec> stanley kubrick and alfred hitchcock never won a best director oscar .  perennial critics ' favorite `` citizen kane '' was almost entirely passed over .  blockbusters `` forrest gump '' and `` titanic '' prevented great movies taking honors .  razzies `` honor '' poor cinema , big winners are sylvester stallone and madonn .
 'anomalies ' discovered in metro track control circuit <sec> house majority leader to push for $ 3 billion in metro transit funding .  the transit authority wants to replace its aging series 1000 cars .  a train of series 1000 cars rear-ended another train monday , killing nine .  investigators question why computerized emergency system faile .
 wildlife : how to celebrate world pangolin day ( opinion ) <sec> world pangolin day is saturday , in honor of the endangered , scale-covered mammal .  john sutter urges readers to give to groups trying to stop illegal trade in pangolin product .
 sargent shriver is dead at age 95 <sec> shriver oversaw launch of the peace corps for president kennedy .  shriver married into the kennedy dynasty , a brother-in-law to jfk .  he was the democratic nominee for vice president in 1972 .  in the 1980s and 1990s , he led the special olympic .
 gospel music legend andrae crouch dies <sec> andrae crouch worked on madonna 's `` like a prayer '' and michael jackson 's `` man in the mirror '' .  he is one of a handful of gospel artists with a star on the hollywood walk of fame .
 congress leaves with no real progress on fiscal cliff <sec> economists warn the fiscal situation could push the country back into a recession .  complexity of the fiscal cliff is worsened by partisan gridlock that led to it .  whether congress can cut a deal after the election and before the end of the year is uncertain .  officials are skeptical that a lame duck congress will accomplish anythin .
 former maldives president beaten , his party says <sec> mohamed nasheed 's party says police targeted him with a `` violent attack '' .  a lawmaker says four members of parliament have been abducted .  the former president is calling his ouster a coup .  nasheed was the first democratically elected president in decade .
 girl loses 65 pounds in fight against childhood obesity <sec> cdc : approximately 12.5 million children from 2 to 19 are obese .  extra weight can lead to type 2 diabetes , cardiovascular disease and social issues .  parents should make getting healthy a family effort , experts sa .
 4 presidential in-laws who moved to white house <sec> several u.s. presidents had in-laws move into white house with them .  pres . .  truman 's mother-in-law scandalized by his firing of gen. douglas macarthur .  pres . .  eisenhower and his mother-in-law had `` mutual admiration society '' .  president grant 's father-in-law gave his opinion freely at the white hous .
 france : hollande , sarkozy quizzed on immigration <sec> election frontrunner francois hollande says he wants to combat illegal immigration .  president nicolas sarkozy says he wants to halve the number of foreigners entering france .  both are reaching out to people who backed a far-right candidate in first-round voting .  hollande and sarkozy appeared on tv to answer journalists ' question .
 opinion : 'it 's a girl ! ' not so fast ... <sec> avery wallace says he knew he was a boy from age 2 .  `` i knew being gay was n't a bad thing , but i also knew it did n't describe me , '' avery says .  people mock what they do n't understand , he say .
 get up to speed on the french terror attacks <sec> a historic , massive rally took place sunday in france .  authorities are investigating an attack on a jogge .
 corey feldman details hollywood sexual abuse in his memoir <sec> corey feldman has an upcoming memoir titled `` coreyography '' .  in it he writes that the late corey haim was sexually abused in a movie set .  feldman says he was also exposed to sexual abus .
 mcilroy announces engagement to wozniacki on social media <sec> golfer rory mcilroy and tennis star caroline wozniacki get engaged .  took to social media as new year began to make announcement .  pair have been dating since september 2011 .  both endured difficult 2013 seasons in their respective sport .
 obama honors cnn hero who cooks meals for homeless people <sec> president obama awards presidential citizens medal to 13 americans dedicated to service .  the citizens medal is the second-highest civilian award behind the medal of freedom .  one of the 13 recipients is jorge munoz , a former cnn hero who delivers free food to need .
 bridgegate panel co-chair : 'we are not done ' <sec> an investigation into christie 's knowledge of the bridge closures could not determine what he knew , when .  the wall street journal obtained a copy of the panel 's report and previewed it thursday .  a co-chairman of the panel said the investigators were unable to access certain witnesses .  the co-chairman said the investigation will continu .
 no one is safe until officer 's killer is caught , seattle police say <sec> new : police are reviewing dashboard video from patrol cars that were in the area .  reward for information leading to arrest of seattle officer 's killer reaches $ 85,000 .  officer timothy brenton was killed , student officer wounded in shooting saturday .  brenton , a field training officer , was married with children ages 11 and .
 manchester celebrates as united break record and city end drought <sec> wayne rooney scores the goal that gives manchester united a record 19th english title .  united come from behind to draw 1-1 draw at blackburn to end chelsea 's reign .  local rivals manchester city beat stoke city 1-0 in fa cup final later saturday .  victory ends city 's 35-year trophy drought , with yaya toure scoring the only goa .
 what 's holding back african airlines ? <sec> african airlines looking to code-share agreements to improve network .  only 3 % of global air travel is from africa .  more international airlines fly to and from african than african airline .
