 happiness in business ? priceless <sec> chip conley : key factors in making business successful are intangibles .  the intangibles are what lead to the easily measurable profits of a firm .  king of bhutan insisted on counting `` gross national happiness '' .  conley says the intent is to create a `` habitat for happiness .
 netflix whiplash stirs angry mobs -- again <sec> netflix customers not happy about whiplash decisions .  on monday , netflix killed its sister company , qwikster .  move is designed to be more convenient for consumers .  but recent history of pr disasters leaves customers fuming , stocks dow .
 opinion : 3-d printed guns are a boon for criminals <sec> a group used 3-d printer to make a plastic handgun that can fire a real bullet .  christopher ferguson : the ramifications of such a weapon are potentially profound .  he says if a criminal ca n't pass a background check , he can just print his own gun at home .  ferguson : how will government regulate these workable and untraceable guns .
 real madrid usurp man utd as world 's most valuable club <sec> real madrid are the world 's most valuable football club according to forbes .  spaniards claim top spot from english club manchester united for first time .  real 's value increased by 76 % over the past year to stand at $ 3.3 billion .  barcelona are ranked third in the list , arsenal fourth and bayern munich fift .
 toy-related injuries send a record number of kids to the e.r . <sec> study : toy-related injury is rising in american children treated at u.s. emergency departments .  foot-powered scooters account for most of the increase in the injury rates from 1990 to 2011 .  at recalls.gov , adults can check whether a toy is recalled or defectiv .
 israel says mortars fired from gaza contain white phosphorous <sec> bomb experts examined the mortars .  white phosphorous can create an intense and persistent burn .  israel has been criticized for using the material during the gaza offensiv .
 why 'six strikes ' could be a nightmare for anyone with shared internet <sec> there 's a new anti-piracy warning system designed to track copyright infringers .  but `` six strikes '' is different from either sopa or pipa ; it 's a warning system managed by isps .  participating providers include at & t , verizon , comcast , cablevision and time warner cable .  but who 's responsible for each infraction ? .  it 's a delicate , thorny issu .
 search in george zimmerman case turns up weapons , ammunition <sec> authorities search the home zimmerman shared with his girlfriend , samantha scheibe .  five weapons , including an ar-15 , and more than 100 rounds of ammunition are found .  zimmerman was arrested last week on suspicion of pointing a shotgun at his girlfriend .  he is out on bail and has entered a plea of not guilt .
 man who bilked millions in navy charity scam gets 28 years <sec> man known as bobby thompson sentenced to 28 years , $ 6 million in fines .  man convicted of running charity that stole millions of dollars intended for navy veterans .  authorities : charity chief , bobby thompson , was really former army capt . .  john donald cody .  cody , 67 , graduated from harvard law school in 1972 , authorities sa .
 chile quake moves city more than 10 feet <sec> earthquake also shifted other parts of south america .  scientists have credited the quake with shifting the earth 's axis .  despite deaths , experts see opportunities to gain valuable information in the aftermat .
 helen keller statue unveiled at capitol <sec> helen keller lost her sight and hearing to illness when she was 19 months old .  statue depicts when teacher anne sullivan spelled `` w-a-t-e-r '' into the child 's hand .  she traveled the world , wrote books , championed women 's and workers ' right .
 trapped violinist found deliverance through prayers , concertos <sec> support beams from his music school pinned legs , feet of blind violinist romel joseph .  joseph was overwhelmed by hot air ; his prayers answered with flow of cool air .  as he waited 18 hours for rescue , he played long violin concertos in his head .  doctors worry fractured hand will end his playing days ; joseph believes he 'll play agai .
 federal judge shot in apparent robbery attempt <sec> u.s. district judge terrence berg was shot in front of his home , cnn affiliate reports .  detroit police say there was a struggle after two men approached him , report says .  affiliate says he has non-life-threatening injuries after a shot struck him in the le .
 breastfeeding mom : flight traveled to unfriendly skies <sec> united says officials `` look forward to speaking more with her and to our crew member '' .  a woman says a united flight attendant wanted her to cover up while she was breastfeeding .  all major u.s. airlines allow breastfeeding , but not all airlines post policies onlin .
 'the americans ' hurtles to a finale : 6 to watch <sec> `` the americans '' ends a critically acclaimed third season wednesday .  academy of country music awards holds its 50th ceremony sunday on cb .
 why putin is wrong to blame my great-grandfather khrushchev <sec> putin says when khrushchev handed crimea to ukraine , russia was not `` simply robbed , it was plundered '' .  nina khrushcheva says it 's unfair to blame her great-grandfather for the act - stalin was the real villain , she says .  further economic downturn is now inevitable , she says due to the economic sanctions imposed by the wes .
 de blasio bad mother fall-out : why are we so quick to condemn ? <sec> the nyc first lady speaks candidly about motherhood in magazine profile .  one nyc tabloid showcases the first lady with the headline `` i was a bad mom ! '' .  moms say the media and society in general are quick to label mothers , good vs. bad .  `` motherhood is not all sunshine and rainbows , '' says one mo .
 merry christmas , doctor who <sec> american fans of sci-fi shows like `` doctor who '' do n't like to wait for re-broadcasts .  bbc america is trying to decrease lag between broadcasts in the u.s. and uk .  `` doctor who '' christmas special is a phenomenon in the uk ; popular in u.s. to .
 5 things we learned at sxsw 2013 <sec> the south by southwest interactive festival wrapped up tuesday after five days .  festival director : `` we 've had a much more hardware and gadget focus than ... before '' .  other trends : 3-d printing , private spaceflight , mining big data .  festival attendance swelled to an all-time high of 30,621 , up some 25 % from last yea .
 more than 75,000 pack stadium to hear obama <sec> new : attendees encounter gridlock as they leave invesco field .  lines to enter stadium were up to six miles long , police estimate .  about 75,000 people attended sen. obama 's acceptance speec .
 u.s. officials , former pakistan leader worry about latest split <sec> the former president of pakistan says he did not know osama bin laden was hiding there .  `` let me say with confidence , i did not know , '' pervez musharraf tells a washington group .  musharraf and u.s. officials separately call for a thaw in chilly u.s.-pakistan relation .
 bananas thrown at italy 's first black minister cecile kyenge <sec> cecile kyenge has been the target of death threats and racist antics .  she became italy 's first black government minister in april .  newspaper editor says the bad economy has contributed to racial tension .
 syria 's attorney general : resignation or kidnapping ? <sec> state media reports that he was kidnapped by seven gunmen .  the next day , a gray-haired man introduces himself as adnan bakkour on youtube .  he calmly reads from a piece of paper while seated at a desk .  he lists reasons for his resignation in the vide .
 missing-wife case called possible homicide , husband is a suspect <sec> new : judge signs order to exhume the body of drew peterson 's third wife .  peterson has said he believed his fourth wife left him for another man .  police : case shifts from a missing persons search to a potential homicide .  friends and family : stacy peterson expressed concerns about her husban .
 haiti gets much-needed hurricane relief supplies <sec> international aid groups struggle to reach thousands after tropical storm hanna .  hurricane ike also could hit haiti this weekend .  poorest country in the western hemisphere has been hit by 3 storms in a month .  drinking water in haiti is contaminated by bodies , haitian volunteer say .
 official : nigerian troops take city where hundreds died <sec> spokesman : nigerian troops are `` dominating , '' their morale is high .  boko haram viciously took baga weeks ago , killing hundreds .  nigeria 's military is waging an offensive aimed at the islamist extremist grou .
 on tv , thai pm speaks about tensions <sec> thai pm : did not expect protesters would use weapons .  pm rejects call from anti-government protesters to dissolve parliament .  government urged to lift state of emergency , acknowledge deaths of protesters .  country gripped by tension after weeks-long political standof .
 ronaldo gives mourinho first trophy at real ; milan held in semifinal <sec> real madrid win copa del rey for the 18th time , beating barcelona 1-0 final .  cristiano ronaldo scores the only goal in valencia , heading home in extra time .  jose mourinho lifts his first trophy with real ahead of champions league semis .  ac milan held to a 2-2 draw at home by palermo in first leg of italian cup semifina .
 ahmadinejad calls election 'the most free ' anywhere <sec> iranian president calls recent vote `` most free election anywhere in the world '' .  in address , he says criticism of government `` is the key to the success of a nation '' .  he accuses `` arrogant powers '' and `` enemies '' of iran of interfering in country 's affairs .  widespread protests rocked iran in days after ahmadinejad 's re-electio .
 opinion : is 'philomena ' an anti-catholic film ? <sec> donna brazile : pope francis has reoriented the church to stress humility , forgiveness .  she says critics who say the new film `` philomena '' is anti-catholic are wrong .  film tells story of woman 's effort to forgive people who treated her cruelly , she says .  brazile : it 's not anti-catholic to question or to talk about failings of the pas .
 germany approves expansion of european bailout fund <sec> germany 's lawmakers passed the measure by a large majority .  it is one of a number of european countries that must ratify the plan .  germany 's ratification of the expansion plan is key because of its economic powe .
 disappearing desks promote better work habits <sec> desks at a dutch firm are lifted on cables after hours .  system allows the company to use the space for recreational activities .  more companies are recognizing the importance of encouraging efficiency to prevent burnou .
 disaster at sea : luxury cruise turns into nightmare <sec> new : 29 are unaccounted for from the ship , italy 's coast guard chief says .  the costa concordia struck rocks and began taking on water friday night .  passengers recount a chaotic scene as thousands rushed for lifeboats .  the cruise line says there may have been `` significant human error .
 genocide survivor leads the way for rwanda 's olympic athletes <sec> adrien niyonshuti carried rwandan flag at opening ceremony of 2012 olympics .  six of his brothers were killed in the rwandan genocide of 1994 .  the 25-year-old will compete in the men 's mountain bike final on sunday .  he has received coaching from mountain bike great thomas frischknec .
 segway inventor reveals 'toughest question ' <sec> an entrepreneur 's personality can influence a business .  harvard prof : entrepreneurs have some tendencies similar to juvenile delinquents .  many people choose to start their own business in bad economy .  expert : delusional optimism helps fend off scary challenge .
 obama 's uphill fight to hike taxes on wealthy <sec> richard kaplan says tax law changes can reduce inequality to a degree .  he says obama 's effort to end `` trust-fund loophole '' is a tough sell .  tax reform could be path to bipartisan cooperation , genuine achievement for president and congres .
 genocide survivor has faith in future of rwanda <sec> on april 6 , 1994 , a genocide began in rwanda that claimed 800,000 lives .  one of the survivors is now a popular actress , didacienne nibagwire .  `` what happened in rwanda can happen anywhere , '' says `` dida '' .  she says the rwanda of 2012 is about so much more than its bloody pas .
 benzema punishes 10-man brazil ; messi wins latest ronaldo battle <sec> france edge brazil 1-0 in rematch of 1998 world cup final in paris .  karim benzema scores the only goal after surviving horror challenge by hernanes .  lionel messi upstages cristiano ronaldo with argentina 's late winner against portugal .  world cup finalists spain and the netherlands both win their friendly outing .
 america 's gun problem is not a race problem <sec> david frum : typical american gun murder is n't like newtown massacre .  he says conservative commentators wrong to distance whites from problem .  gun industry , gun laws affect all americans , frum say .
 egypt 's adly mansour : interim president , mystery man <sec> the married father of three takes over amid chaos , division .  mansour , 67 , was named head of the supreme constitutional court last month .  state media : he helped draft election laws for the vote that brought his predecessor to powe .
 kurdish separatists release 8 turkish hostages <sec> `` this shows that there can be a democratic solution to the kurdish issue , '' official says .  news agency : the 8 were kidnapped in eastern turkish provinces on different dates .  turkish government and pkk rebels are seeking peace amid a guerrilla war .  rebels aim to carve out a homeland in the middle east for kurd .
 once worlds apart , two iranians make common cause <sec> akbar ganji was committed to the revolution in iran before souring on the regime .  googoosh was a superstar in iran who went into exile after the 1979 revolution .  ganji and googoosh joined in a hunger strike this week in support of dissident .
 christensen : we are living the capitalist 's dilemma <sec> harvard professor clayton m. christensen says we are now living in the capitalist 's dilemma .  investors continue applying doctrines that were appropriate when capital was scarce .  christensen says u.s. can no longer waste education , subsidizing fields that offer few job .
 drug-fueled gang wars shake vancouver <sec> thirty miles from u.s. border , authorities in vancouver confronting gang warfare .  violence the result of turf wars over increased narcotics trade .  innocent bystanders have fallen victim to gangsters ' heavy firepower .  drug dealers sometimes tried in the u.s. , where sentencing is stiffe .
 pentagon wants ideas for flying aircraft carrier <sec> pentagon wants aerial platform to carry drones .  defense advanced research products agency is seeking proposals .  pentagon wants to use existing aircraft to launch and recover drone .
 f1 star kubica faces more operations <sec> robert kubica to have more operations on thursday and then a few days later .  polish driver to stay in italian hospital for next two or three weeks .  he will miss the start of the f1 season on march 13 with his lotus renault team .  the 26-year-old had been uk-based team 's lead driver ahead of bahrain opene .
 gasquet cleared over positive drugs test <sec> richard gasquet has been cleared of any wrongdoing by the court of arbitration for sport .  the 23-year-old frenchman tested positive for cocaine in a miami nightclub last march .  but he appealed his ban , claiming the cocaine was in his system after kissing a woman who had taken the dru .
 how australian political rivals view china <sec> australian election pits incumbent kevin rudd against tony abbott .  abbott leads liberal-national coalition , abbot 's mentor is former pm john howard .  rudd wants china and u.s. to carve out new asia-pacific `` strategic road-map '' .  abbott wants australia-china relationship to move to `` shared values .
 how our mobiles became frankenstein 's monster <sec> digital commentator andrew keen says our mobile phones are becoming uncontrollable monsters .  keen says our dependency on our mobile devices leaves us open to dark side of technology .  our only salvation lies through protective legislation -- and from knowing when to switch off , he say .
 saudi court summons second journalist over sex braggart tv show <sec> second journalist summoned over controverial saudi television show .  saudi court sentenced journalist another woman , rosanna al-yami , to 60 lashes for her role .  man 's sexual boasts on show led to five-year prison sentence .  saudi authorities shut down network 's offices in jeddah and riyadh after interview aire .
 engineer : we can use food waste to generate electricity <sec> individuals around the world are devising innovative ways to save the planet .  joseph adelegan has created fuels using cow waste and cassava plant .  chewang norphel is known as the `` ice man '' after creating artificial glacier .
 syrian president al-assad re-elected , state media reports <sec> al-assad acknowledges people 's `` joy '' over result , tells them not to fire into the air .  president bashar al-assad received 88.7 % of tuesday 's presidential vote , state tv says .  syrian opposition , western countries said the election would n't be free or fair .  u.n. secretary general had urged syria not to hold elections during wa .
 ronaldo dismisses new link with real madrid <sec> cristiano ronaldo dismisses new reports linking him to real madrid .  portugal star insists he is `` happy '' at old trafford and wants to stay .  ronaldo scored 42 goals in united 's double-winning campaign last seaso .
 americans detained in honduras to get new hearing <sec> six americans are accused of trying to smuggle weapons into honduras on their ship .  the 2 handguns , 2 shotguns and a semiautomatic rifle seized are for defense , ship 's captain says .  he says an appellate court will decide whether to throw out the case or hear arguments .  the americans say they aim to split profits from log salvaging with a honduran municipalit .
 review : 'superbad ' funniest comedy since 'borat ' <sec> `` superbad '' a high school sex comedy taken to great extremes .  high schoolers go in search of booze , sex -- but it works .  film co-written by `` knocked up 's '' seth rogen , produced by judd apato .
 north korea fires two short-range rockets into sea <sec> north korea fires two rockets into the sea , says south korea 's defense ministry .  launch comes after south korea rejects north 's request to cancel military drills with u.s . .  it 's the latest in a series of rocket and missile launches by the north .  tensions have also flared in recent months over maritime boundar .
 sandoval hits three home runs ; giants win game 1 of world series <sec> giants take a 1-0 lead in world series with 8-3 win .  pablo sandoval hit home runs in his first three at-bats .  he tied babe ruth , reggie jackson and albert pujols for most in one series game .  sandoval 's homers helped san francisco take a 6-0 lead through five inning .
 lewis hamilton on pole for fourth time in dominant 2014 for mercedes <sec> lewis hamilton takes pole for spanish grand prix in barcelona .  teammate nico rosberg is second on the grid .  daniel ricciardo in third for red bull .  new : four-time world champion sebastian vettel five-place grid penalt .
 murray turns to legend lendl as he seeks elusive first grand slam <sec> andy murray appoints ivan lendl as his coach .  murray still seeking first grand slam title .  lendl is eight-time grand slam winner and former no.1 .  murray parted company with alex corretja in marc .
 opinion : what made nelson mandela great <sec> nelson mandela , who freed south africa of apartheid , has died at age 95 .  john battersby : mandela said that being in prison for 27 years changed his world view .  `` one of the most difficult things is not to change society ... but to change yourself , '' mandela said .  battersby : mandela 's strength of character made him a potent leader and example for humanit .
 novak djokovic digs deep after 'doubts ' to end season on a high <sec> world no . .  2 reflects on latest season-ending success with cnn 's amanda davies .  serb seals second atp world tour finals win and fourth straight title since september .  djokovic admits to doubts following difficult defeats to nadal at french and u.s . .  opens .  26-year-old set to lead serbia in davis cup final in belgrade starting on november 1 .
 fbi : 5 missing from washington area in custody in pakistan <sec> new : fbi says special agent , u.s. embassy officials have spoken with some of the men .  state department says it 's determining how men made it to pakistan , why they 're there .  pakistani officials : 5 arrested wednesday , sixth man -- father of one of the 5 -- arrested later .  pakistani police confident men were planning terrorist acts , official say .
 are missing students in mass graves found near iguala , mexico ? <sec> the remains of at least 28 people were inside mass graves , an official says .  authorities found the near area where dozens went missing in southern mexico .  43 students studying to be school teachers disappeared after a series of shootouts .  authorities offer a reward of 1 million pesos for information to find the .
 millions in mecca start hajj pilgrimage <sec> the pilgrims this year reportedly have come from a total of 183 countries .  president obama and his wife extend greetings for a happy eid al-adha .  hajj is an annual pilgrimage that lasts about five day .
