 tennis business : andy murray 's five-star hotel venture <sec> andy murray to open five-star hotel near his scottish hometown of dunblane .  the u.s. open champion has acquired the victorian-era mansion cromlix house .  the hotel is set to be open in time for the 2014 ryder cup at nearby gleneagles .  cromlix house set in 50 acres of woodland including a trout loc .
 manufacturer optimistic of finding af447 flight data recorder <sec> maker of flight data recorder aboard af447 has `` 100 percent '' recovery rate .  top executive says finding flight data recorder could reveal cause of air crash .  plane wreckage believed to be on atlantic seabed , around 4,500 meters deep .  device 's underwater locator beacon has limited battery lif .
 review : 'sunshine cleaning ' agreeably tidy <sec> tom charity : up-and-coming stars , optimistic message buoy `` sunshine cleaning '' .  two struggling sisters become a crime-scene cleanup crew .  movie presents feelings in neat-and-tidy packages , reviewer say .
 tracy morgan to return to nashville to apologize for anti-gay rant <sec> tracy morgan talked to glaad staffers by phone monday .  morgan agreed to help glaad in its anti-bullying campaign , the group says .  he will fly to nashville next week to personally apologize to offended audience member .
 jihadist threat not as big as you think ( opinion ) <sec> peter bergen , emily schneider : khorason shows jihad groups metastasizing . .  but growing ? .  they say new report they try to count these forces that fight without uniforms , often in secret .  they say between 85,000 and 106,000 militant jihadists fighting worldwide .  writers : to compare , in cold war ussr could muster around 6 million to fight the wes .
 ex- government worker admits selling stolen national archives recordings <sec> leslie waffen , 66 , pleads guilty to embezzling government property , faces 10-year term .  he worked at national archives and records administration for more than 40 years .  waffen says he sold a 1937 voice recording of babe ruth for $ 34.74 on ebay .  search of his home found 955 nara recordings worth at least $ 30,000 , court documents sa .
 astronauts put gopro in floating ball of water <sec> nasa astronauts put a gopro camera in floating water bubble in space .  the space agency posted a video about the feat this wee .
 taking aim at god on 'blasphemy day ' <sec> wednesday marks first organized observance of blasphemy day .  leader is devoted to protecting a person 's right to ridicule , criticize , lambaste god .  painter aghast someone could be punished , killed over blasphemous remark .
 oklahoma voters face question on islamic law <sec> ballot proposal would ban sharia from being considered in oklahoma courts .  a new jersey judge who took muslim beliefs into account sparked the proposal .  `` it 's just fear mongering , '' a muslim leader say .
 nickelodeon sets premiere date for 'teenage mutant ninja turtles ' <sec> nickelodeon will premiere `` teenage mutant ninja turtles '' on sept. 29 at 11 a.m . .  two weeks ago , ew premiered the trailer for animated series reboot .  the half-hour series will consist of 26 episodes about the four turtles who rise from the sewer .
 ntsb : air traffic controller fell asleep , leaving planes on their own <sec> air traffic controller is given a `` standard '' drug test .  faa administrator says his agency and the ntsb are investigating the incident .  two flights landed with no communication from the control tower .  ntsb in 2007 cited four near-miss collisions involving fatigued controller .
 milan go five points clear as strasser scores winner at cagliari <sec> new : inter milan beat napoli 3-1 in leonardo 's first match in charge .  ac milan win 1-0 at cagliari to go five points clear at top of serie a .  substitute rodney strasser scores winner in sardinia with five minutes left .  juventus slump to humiliating 4-1 home defeat to parm .
 women 's boxing included on 2012 olympics list <sec> women 's boxing will be included in the 2012 olympic games in london .  boxing had been the only olympic event without any female participants .  golf and rugby will be considered for inclusion at the 2016 summer games .  softball , squash , baseball , karate and roller sports did not make the cu .
 renault join ferrari in f1 boycott <sec> renault unite with ferrari with a threat to boycott the 2010 championship .  decision is the result of a dispute with the sport 's governing body the fia .  ferrari 's uninterrupted participation in championship goes back 60 year .
 australia declares disaster over oil spill <sec> pacific adventurer sustained damage when cyclone hamish struck .  damaged ship spilled large quantity of oil and chemical cannisters .  ship now in the custody of australia 's maritime safety authorit .
 u.s. combat brigade to leave iraq well ahead of schedule <sec> the brigade was originally scheduled to be among the last to leave iraq at the end of 2011 .  the move comes amid talks on legal immunity for u.s. troops after withdrawal deadline .  `` the united states and iraq have not come to an agreement , '' says one brigade official .  a pentagon spokesman says talks are still ongoin .
 whale-watching boat docks in boston after being stuck <sec> new : the stranded boat safely docks at the long wharf in boston .  the boat was 13 miles east of nahant , massachusetts .  it got stuck after a line tangled in its propelle .
 juventus maintains winning streak <sec> paul pogba scores 92nd minute winner as juventus defeats bologna 2-1 .  juventus has now won nine out of it 's ten league games .  napoli drop to third after suffering 1-0 defeat at atalanta .  real madrid eases to copa del rey victory at alcoyan .
 myanmar tops list of worst places to be a blogger <sec> report : bloggers in myanmar , iran and syria work under most oppressive conditions .  the committee to protect journalists lists the 10 worst places to blog from .  group : burmese blogger serves 59 years in prison for posting cyclone video .  in saudi arabia an estimated 400,000 sites are blocked , report say .
 obama , mexico 's president discuss influx of children crossing border <sec> president obama and mexican president enrique peña nieto spoke by phone thursday .  they discussed the influx of unaccompanied children entering the u.s. from central america .  vice president biden heads to guatemala thursday for meeting on the topic .  between 60,000 and 80,000 kids will cross border without parents , officials sa .
 iran nuclear talks : what if the deal falls through ? <sec> iran negotiations have large diplomatic and political implications .  outcome could affect next presiden .
 world 's oldest person dies , aged 116 , just days after rival passes <sec> jiroemon kimura , the world 's oldest man , has died in japan , aged 116 .  the former postman retired in 1962 and attributed his long life to light eating .  a rival claimant to being the world 's oldest person died days earlier in china .  luo meizhen 's claims to be 127 were not officially recognized internationall .
 australia vows to reverse great barrier reef 's coral decline <sec> australian environment minister says report rings alarm bell for great barrier reef .  report says half the reef 's coral coverage has disappeared in the last 27 years .  factors blamed include cyclones , coral bleaching and the crown-of-thorns starfish .  starfish outbreaks hinder reef 's ability to recover from cyclone .
 from seat backs to handbags : how airlines recycle <sec> delta , finnair and air france have teamed with designers to craft bags from worn gear and uniforms .  delta says it has recycled 7,973 pounds of textiles .  delta and klm 's old carpets turned into secondary fuel for the cement industry .  finnair donates old materials to local workshop .
 syria blocked injured from medical care , group says <sec> the incidents in question occurred in daraa and harasta .  witnesses spoke to human rights watch .  one wound was probed with a metal spoo .
 thousands more forced from home by germany flooding <sec> the army uses helicopter and amphibious vehicles to evacuate areas stranded by floods .  the surging river elbe has flooded many communities as it flows northwest to the sea .  in total , 45,000 people have been asked to leave their homes in saxony-anhalt .  flood precautions are being taken along the river danube in hungary and serbi .
 companion of india rape victim : i begged attackers to stop <sec> `` i begged them again and again to leave her , '' friend says of attackers .  his companion died nearly two weeks later .  interior minister orders 10 female constables at every delhi police statio .
 teacher killed in front of young students in france <sec> teacher , 34 , stabbed at school in albi , france , education minister says .  suspect is mother of a new student at the school , official says .  french president francois hollande : officials will look after children who witnessed killin .
 2 alleged rwandan rebel leaders face war crime charges in germany <sec> alleged rebel leaders are the first to be tried under a german law passed in 2002 .  the two suspects are accused of crimes against humanity .  a third suspect is being held by the international criminal court .  the alleged crimes occurred in the democratic republic of cong .
 imam : it 's 'code red ' for american muslims <sec> bill maher and sam harris set off a fierce debate about islam .  instead of attacking critics , one imam challenged american muslims .  imam himself has been under attack from conservative .
 15 of siri 's best ( and worst ) jokes <sec> iphone 's siri will respond to many questions , sometimes with humor .  unusual siri answers are collected on a number of websites .  sometimes siri is n't so forthcoming , howeve .
 u.s. wins first gold medal of 2014 sochi olympics <sec> us . .  snowboarder sage kotsenburg wins first gold at sochi in slopestyle event .  sven kramer of netherlands successfully defends 5,000-meter speed skating title .  ole einar bjoerndalen equals all-time winter games medal haul with gold in men 's 10km biathlon .  norwegian equals compatriot bjorn dahlie 's total of 12 medal .
 oscar pistorius trial played out before the world <sec> the trial of oscar pistorius in the death of girlfriend reeva steenkamp is ending .  a verdict is due from the judge on thursday .  cnn 's robin curnow first met pistorius in 2008 , and has covered his case .  she writes from an insider 's view of a tragedy played out in a global spotligh .
 nokia sale a good deal for both parties <sec> nokia had a tough few years before elop slowly started to turn it around , says stuart miles .  deal will benefit microsoft the same way that making smartphones has for apple , he says .  not much will change in the short term , but surface tablet `` likely to be rebranded or ditched '' .  microsoft 's ambition to become hardware company is well and truly realized , miles say .
 obama country : the start of cnn 's american quest <sec> cnn 's richard quest is traveling across the u.s. for american quest , which will air from october 29 .  he has started in chicago -- the heart of president barack obama country .  by starting in chicago , quest will understand how the faithful view their man .  quest will travel across the u.s. , through five states : two swing . .  two democrat . .  one republica .
 why does the euro mean so much to germany ? <sec> germany has been at the very heart of the european union since it began 60 years ago .  as region 's strongest economy , it has borne the brunt of the cost of recent rescue deals .  deutschmark was seen as symbol of germany 's post-wwii recovery , move to euro a major sacrifice .  germany keen to protect euro , but `` no-one wants to pour water into a leaking bucket forever .
 wwii anything but history for poland <sec> poland helped win the war but lost the peace .  it was invaded by germany but put under soviet influence after the war .  70 years from the start of wwii , the war still defines polish identity and history .  polish military says its history helps its work in afghanista .
 arnold palmer : stylish trailblazer who revived the british open <sec> this week marks 50th anniversary of arnold palmer 's second victory at british open .  palmer 's support of british major helped popularize the tournament internationally .  american 's partnership with agent mark mccormack changed the face of sports .  palmer shows no sign of easing up at the age of 8 .
 million-dollar safari -- would you pay up ? <sec> the $ 1 million trip takes in 12 destinations over 111 days to see 18 endangered species .  follows other million-dollar vacation ideas , including a stay in converted submarine love hotel .  journey to nature 's edge includes viewing gorillas in rwanda and penguin-spotting in antarctic .
 inmate found hanged in 'prisoner x ' case , document says <sec> new : zygier `` never had any connection '' with australian security services , israel 's pm says .  israel 's parliament is investigating the case , netanyahu urges quiet .  australian tv says zygier is an australian-israeli dual citize .
 helpful honeymooners : why newlyweds volunteer abroad <sec> `` honeyteers '' are newlyweds whose honeymoons double as volunteer projects .  one couple taught french and english in moshi , tanzania , on their honeymoon .  trip was an opportunity to learn about wife 's heritage for one husban .
 president obama tells myanmar to move forward on democracy <sec> obama : reforms are not complete and can be reversed .  the president criticized intimidation of citizens .  he said discrimination against muslims in the largely buddhist society must end .  aung san suu kyi said the difficulties were a bump in the road to democrac .
 review : 'jersey boys ' generally falls flat <sec> `` jersey boys '' is a run-of-the-mill film version of the hit musical .  movie seldom rises above its one-dimensional material .  strengths are in casting and four seasons ' great musi .
 cpac : 'republican leaders preach the gospel to the faithful ' <sec> cpac is the country 's largest gathering of conservative leaders and activists .  most of the potential gop 2016 candidates will speak to the conference .  some conservatives are staying away from the conference , saying it 's too mainstrea .
 sophia nelson on defining black women <sec> author sophia nelson says too many people stereotype black women as angry and strident .  but she says michelle obama is helping change how people perceive black women .  nelson says all women struggle with work and home issues .  research for her book found evidence that men are not put off by accomplished wome .
 cole apologizes for outburst over terry racism case <sec> england international ashley cole apologizes after calling football association a 'bunch of twats ' .  cole responding to fa report casting doubt on his evidence in defense of team mate john terry on racism charges .  terry 's own evidence described as `` improbable , implausible and contrived '' .  cole removes outburst after it is re-tweeted 19,000 time .
 cuban hire in venezuela raises concern <sec> ramiro valdes , 77 , is one of only four remaining original rebels led by fidel castro in the 1950s .  some worry about what valdes , who 's been called ruthless , will be up to in venezuela .  he 's been hired to help end energy crisis , but critics say he lacks energy sector experience .  but others say valdes , who has experience in government purchases , could hel .
 ex-boxing champ vernon forrest shot to death <sec> forrest , 38 , was robbed and then shot in the back after confrontation , police say .  he was shot multiple times , atlanta , georgia , police say .  forrest , a welterweight , won several championships .  he was named the world boxing hall of fame fighter of the year in 200 .
 woods makes u.s. ryder cup team <sec> tiger woods is included in the united states ryder cup team as a wildcard pick .  woods says he is `` honored '' to be included on the team by captain corey pavin .  rickie fowler , zach johnson and stewart cink also included in the 12-strong team .  ryder cup takes place at celtic manor in wales between october 1- .
 orson welles ' 'citizen kane ' oscar brings $ 861,000 <sec> the `` citizen kane '' best screenplay oscar is the only academy award for welles .  the statuette has a controversial legal history .  illusionist david copperfield fails in his bid to buy the oscar , the auction house says .  the academy of motion picture arts and sciences discourages oscar sales with legal action .
 sci-fi apartheid film 'district 9 ' opens in south africa <sec> `` district 9 '' directed by south african-born neill blomkamp opens in the country .  sci-fi in which aliens are kept in ghettos has parallels with south african apartheid .  blomkamp says he did n't want first film to be defined by politics .  blomkamp filmed in soweto , johannesburg and much of cast and crew were local .
 'the tree of life ' : what 's the buzz all about ? <sec> the film stars brad pitt as a stern , disappointed father of three boys in 1950s texas .  penn plays one of his grown-up sons many years later .  while some plot and conflict is established , nothing ever really happens , is one complain .
 food poisoning : what you need to know <sec> meat , fruit and vegetables can all pose a risk of foodborne illness .  cases of campylobacter illness are on the rise , according to the cdc .  chicken and ground beef top an organization 's `` risky meat '' list .  care during food preparation is essentia .
 ex thai pm to face trial over rice scandal <sec> former thai prime minister yingluck shinawatra has been ordered to stand trial .  the first court hearing will take place on may 19 .  case centers on her role in controversial rice subsidy schem .
 record-setting southwest heat wave turns fatal <sec> new : the heat may have contributed to the death of a las vegas man .  134 was `` highest reliably recorded air temperature on earth '' on july 10 , 1913 .  excessive heat warnings extend from northern california to arizona and beyond .  the temperature reaches 127 in death valley on saturda .
 police raid italian soccer squad 's base in match fixing investigation <sec> italian police arrest 19 people , including 11 players , in match fixing investigation .  police question juventus coach antonio conte who recently led club to italian title .  officers also descend on italian national team 's training camp to question domenico criscito .  lazio captain stefano mauri is arrested as well as genoa midfielder omar milanett .
 imogen heap 's 'magic gloves ' make anyone a musician <sec> imogen heap is a grammy-award winning artist beloved for her fusion of music and tech .  she is taking wearable tech to new levels with her mi.mu music gloves .  gloves use advanced motion-tracking senors and electronics to manipulate sound .  heap : `` gloves help me embody those sounds which are hidden inside the computer .
 experts : many young muslim terrorists spurred by humiliation <sec> most assumptions about young muslim terrorists are wrong , experts say .  they say those that turn to violence are shaped by several common factors .  terror expert : 'they are not crazy people .
 man pleads guilty of trying to blow up u.s. capitol <sec> amine el khalifi , 29 , was arrested february 17 as the result of an fbi sting operation .  he was closely monitored , and the public was never in danger , u.s. officials say .  he `` devised the plot , the targets and the methods on his own , '' a u.s. official say .
 bale double keeps tottenham run going <sec> welshman gareth bale scores twice as tottenham defeat qpr 3-1 on sunday .  rafael van der vaart also on target as spurs go up to fifth in the table .  the result means tottenham are unbeaten in their last 11 matches in all competition .
 ashish thakkar : 'it 's africa 's turn to shine ' <sec> ugandan ashish thakkar built a vast business empire .  the entrepreneur says the answer to unemployment lies in nurturing small businesses .  africa 's lack of legacy systems has sped up innovation on the continen .
 colleen ritzer , slain massachusetts teacher , mourned by hundreds <sec> 400 students were among the estimated 1,000 people at colleen ritzer 's funeral .  `` colleen 's gift was that of inspiration , '' her cousin said in a eulogy .  the math teacher was allegedly killed by one of her students last wee .
 u.s. 2016 ryder cup success -- powered by dolphins ? <sec> paul azinger is hotly tipped to be the united states ryder cup captain in 2016 .  phil mickelson lauded azinger 's captaincy during u.s. success back in 2008 .  mickelson was critical of tom watson 's leadership during competition in scotland .  azinger says personality matching was a big part of his captaincy blueprin .
 5 key primaries to watch <sec> senate minority leader mitch mcconnell faces tea party challenge .  incumbent idaho congressman is expected to fend off tea party challenge , too .  tea party candidates might be splitting the vote in georgia senate primary .  pennsylvania governor 's race is a race to the left among democrat .
