 murray and federer carry weight of expectation into wimbledon final <sec> andy murray bidding to become first british man to win grand slam since 1936 .  roger federer can claim record equaling seventh wimbledon title .  murray has 8-7 career edge over the swiss star .  federer won their last grand slam final clash in australia in 201 .
 california student from japan finds family alive on youtube <sec> akiko kosaka , 20 , is from the tsunami-wracked village of minami sanriku , japan .  more than half of that coastal town 's 17,000 residents are missing .  for three days , she thought her family perished .  but then she saw her sister on youtube sending a `` we are all safe '' messag .
 cnn student news transcript : january 28 , 2011 <sec> a new report claims the u.s. financial crisis could have been avoided .  the northeastern u.s. struggles through another round of heavy snowfall .  christa mcauliffe inspires young people 25 years after her tragic death .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 quest for the perfect photo <sec> richard quest goes in search of the perfect photo .  he meets patrick demarchelier , steve mccurry , frans lanting and anne geddes .  quest puts his new skills to the test by photographing a colony of elephant seal .
 euro 2012 : are poland and ukraine ready to host festival of football ? <sec> the draw for euro 2012 will take place in the ukrainian capital kiev on friday .  the european championships sees the best soccer nations on the continent do battle .  poland and ukraine are co-hosting next year 's event and are racing to be ready .  a series of delays had worried uefa officials but both countries insist they are on track to delive .
 facebook to make mobile users download messenger app <sec> messenger , facebook 's texting app , will soon be required for sending messages .  the company began notifying users last week .  the message icon in the facebook app will take users to messenger .  if you already have both , you wo n't see any chang .
 review : 'amelia ' does n't fly <sec> `` amelia '' hits viewers over the head with its themes , says ew .  film stars hilary swank as aviator amelia earhart .  `` amelia '' is flat and dull when it should be exciting .  some of the dialogue is delivered as speeches : yaw .
 long-distance puppy love <sec> college student : i miss my dog more than i miss my parents .  missing a pet while at school is topic for six groups on facebook .  members post pictures , funny stories about their dog .
 ryder cup : tom watson wants end to captain 's picks <sec> u.s. ryder cup captain tom watson floats the idea of doing away with captain 's picks .  watson and european captain paul mcginley addressed the media a year before gleneagles .  europe has won two straight and five of the last six ryder cups .  but watson was captain the last time the u.s. won on foreign soil in 199 .
 how goran ivanisevic inspired marin cilic to hit the heights <sec> 2014 has been marin cilic 's most successful year .  26-year-old won four titles , including first major grand slam , the u.s. open , in september .  croatian has had to wrestle back credibility following failed doping test in april 2013 .  big server says his time out of the game has contributed to his fantastic yea .
 involve students in stopping bullying <sec> carl azuz : the most common remedy for bullying is `` tell someone '' .  he says that advice does n't go far enough .  students need to become involved in efforts to stop bullying , he says .  azuz : bystanders should n't support bullies or make them proud of what they 've don .
 one stop shopping for candidates online <sec> creating an online presence is a daunting task for many local political candidates .  democracy.com founders bought the url and created a facebook-type website for political candidates .  it 's set up to be easy-to-use for candidates and one-stop shopping for voter .
 obama 's 'best-looking ' quip : should he have apologized ? <sec> commenters weighed in on obama 's remark about california ag 's looks .  some drew on personal experience in deciding if obama should have apologized .  some said such a remark in the workplace would have caused trouble .  one says fear of misspeaking could leave people `` staring dumbly at one another .
 5 ways to stay motivated when the perks disappear <sec> in a survey , many businesses said they would have to make large cuts in employee benefits .  management should communicate these issues to help employees adjust said , kevin sheridan .  darcy eikenberg recommends for employees to dig deep and and find benefits still available .  concentrate on actions today that will help your organization succeed , said jonathan berge .
 bp touts containment efforts ; heavy oil reaches louisiana wetlands <sec> cleanup efforts have made `` measurable difference '' on ocean surface , bp says .  louisiana governor says thicker oil than previously seen has hit wetlands .  bp says it hopes to begin effort to `` mud '' well shut as early as sunday .  u.s. , cuba in communication about projected movement of oi .
 sources : jackson showed signs of iv drug use <sec> source cites `` numerous track marks '' on jackson 's arms when medics came .  2nd source says jackson 's veins were collapsed in both arms .  sources also say jackson was emaciated , did n't have any hair .  toxicology reports are at least a week awa .
 opinion : egypt 's youth needs more than tinkering at the edges <sec> egyptians go to the ballot boxes monday to vote for their fourth president in as many years . .  h.a . .  hellyer says the former defence minister abdel fattah el-sisi is widely expected to win . .  but he says what el-sisi will bring is harder to predict as his platform is unclear . .  egyptians need economic , security and corruption issues to be tackled , hellyer says .
 zimbabwe declares cholera national emergency <sec> zimbabwean government declares national emergency over cholera outbreak .  cholera has so far killed more than 560 people , u.n. group says .  government minister says its hospitals `` are literally not functioning .
 uk trader becomes an internet sensation <sec> alessio rastani said he went to `` bed every night dreaming of a recession '' .  his remarks made him an internet sensation .  rastani is an amateur trader who says he uses his own money and has clients .  he believes people want to stop him talking about a coming financial stor .
 sotomayor was schoolgirl with focus , determination , friends say <sec> sonia sotomayor grew up in crime-ridden bronx neighborhood .  senators holding confirmation hearings on supreme court nomination .  sotomayor 's dad died when she was 9 ; mother instilled in her the value of education .  high school classmate said she saw sotomayor `` as a leader , for sure .
 31 people presumed dead on japanese volcano <sec> new : `` please help us , '' says a father seeking information on his missing son .  at least 31 people are found on the mountain in a state of `` cardiac arrest , '' police say .  seismologists warn that another big eruption could take place in the coming days .  mount ontake began erupting saturday , unleashing a cloud of ash that engulfed hiker .
 human trafficking in mexico targets women and children <sec> the mexican border town of ciudad juarez is one of the world 's most dangerous .  hundreds of young women and children disappear each year in mexico .  maria told her story to u.s. authorities who are now working on her cas .
 tyson and holyfield in talks over rematch <sec> evander holyfield says he has held talks over a rematch with mike tyson .  tyson was disqualified for biting off a chunk of holyfield 's ear in 1997 bout .  holyfiield had taken world heavyweight title from tyson in 199 .
 bicycles recalled after faulty part leads to falls <sec> specialized bicycle components is recalling several of its globe bike models .  injuries have been reported after falls caused by the bike 's front fork breaking .  the company will install replacement forks fre .
 authorities seek help identifying people in serial killer 's photos <sec> hundreds of portrait-style photos found in rodney alcala 's storage unit .  authorities suspect some of the subjects could be victims of alcala .  alcala was convicted of murdering child , four women from 1977 to june 197 .
 bill cosby allegations tarnish his fatherly image <sec> bill cosby 's image damaged by allegations .  another accuser , janice dickinson , gives interview .  cosby attorney : dickinson 's story `` is a lie '' .  debut of movie postponed , nbc show scuttle .
 apparently this matters : mississippi man 's viral obituary <sec> harry stamps passed away on saturday , march 9 .  his daughter wrote an obituary that went viral .  obituary : harry never lost in `` competitive sickness . '' .  harry hated daylight saving tim .
 boris nemtsov : mourners gather for funeral in russia <sec> boris nemtsov is buried in a moscow cemetery following a somber memorial service .  nemtsov `` always said everything that others were afraid to say , '' says one mourner .  moscow investigative committee says `` all scenarios '' are being considered in nemtsov slayin .
 obama faces steep climb in house on syria - cnnpolitics.com <sec> opposition or skepticism dominates house sentiment on proposed syria strike .  house returns monday , but majority leader eric cantor says any vote could slip into following week .  senate poised to take up measure already passed by committee authorizing limited strike .  house members await classified briefings on allegations of syria chemical weapons us .
 oklahoma orders extradition of birth father in child custody dispute <sec> new : dusten brown posts bail after surrendering to oklahoma authorities .  oklahoma governor signs extradition order for brown , the biological father .  south carolina 's governor asked oklahoma 's supreme court to return child .  brown , a native american , is accused in south carolina of custodial interferenc .
 fears over cancer vaccine as schoolgirl dies <sec> teenage girl dies after receiving cervarix vaccination for hpv .  england 's national vaccination program freezes as batches are recalled .  hpv is a sexually-transmitted virus that causes 99 percent of cervical cancers .  almost 1.4million girls in england have already received the vaccin .
 wide open in west texas <sec> the towns of marfa , alpine and marathon sit along u.s. 90 like hitching posts .  `` good things come with space , '' says a new york transplant to west texas .  of the highway town trio , alpine is the busy on .
 deadly omagh bombing remembered 10 years on <sec> omagh bombing killed 29 people , including a woman pregnant with twins .  the attackers called in a bomb threat but gave police the wrong location .  real ira , a dissident republican paramilitary group , claimed responsibilit .
 ucsb students get unlicensed meningitis b vaccine to stop an outbreak <sec> some 20,000 ucsb students are offered the meningitis b vaccine .  more than 5,000 princeton students received it in a separate outbreak there .  meningitis b is rare but can be deadly , the cdc sai .
 opinion : 3 ways to prevent planes from vanishing again <sec> jim hall and peter goelz : why losing a boeing 777 , or any other jet , must never happen again .  they ask why we can track millions of users through their cell phones but not a jumbo jet .  the technology to better track aircraft exists and must be deployed now , they argu .
 9 fun u.s. hotel traditions <sec> at the peabody in memphis , ducks make a splash daily .  outdoor shows entertain guests in marco island and maui .  pb & j sandwiches are available to evening revelers at le pavillon in new orlean .
 iranian leader : obama 's rhetoric not enough <sec> iranian supreme leader : no change in u.s. policy despite obama overtures .  u.s. president obama reached out to tehran in iranian new year message friday .  ayatollah ali khamenei : iran will change when u.s. changes .  obama : u.s. seeks engagement that is `` honest and grounded in mutual respect .
 95 killed on iraq 's deadliest day since u.s. handover <sec> iraqi prime minister says attacks require `` re-evaluation '' of security plans .  death toll from six baghdad blasts rises to 95 ; hundreds injured .  attacks make wednesday the deadliest day since iraqis took charge of security .  two men believed to be al qaeda in iraq senior leaders arrested , official say .
 south african rugby stars have drug bans overturned <sec> chiliboy ralepelle and bjorn basson free to play rugby for south africa again .  pair have their bans for testing positive for a banned stimulant quashed .  the supplement was given to them by the south african team 's medical department .  ralepelle says he is pleased the case is over and that he has been cleare .
 showdown : nevada rancher , feds face off over grazing rights <sec> feds : cliven bundy 's livestock has been illegally grazing on u.s. lands for 20 years .  bundy says his family 's cattle has grazed on the land since the 1800s .  after winning in court , u.s. officials begin a roundup of his 500 cattle .  a youtube video shows family and supporters in a heated face-off with ranger .
 already beset by fire , new mexico braces for weeks of flash floods <sec> the las conchas fire is 45 percent contained , having burned more than 146,000 acres .  as the fire rages , a flash flood watch is issued for northern and central new mexico .  an official notes that in places there 's no vegetation to contain intense rainwater .  a meteorologist says fire-scarred areas seem water-repellent , acting like pavemen .
 israel weighs risk , benefits of iran strike <sec> israel could face isolation and retaliation if it attacks iran .  a successful raid could set back iran 's uranium enrichment effort by several years .  israel must balance the risks and benefits of attacking nuclear sites in ira .
 nidal hasan convicted in fort hood shootings <sec> new : husband of a victim says death penalty `` would be too lenient '' for hasan .  penalty phase begins monday , death penalty can be considered .  jurors `` will decide whether you live or die , '' judge tells hasan .  maj. nidal hasan is convicted of 13 counts of murde .
 opinion : blame rapists for rape ... obviously <sec> alaska has the highest rate of reported rape in the nation .  john sutter : efforts to prevent rape should focus more on men .  `` victims are n't to blame for rape and domestic violence ; offenders are , '' he writes .  sutter visited alaska as part of cnn 's change the list projec .
 japan considers canceling whale hunt <sec> japan 's whale hunting activities have been condemned by animal rights groups .  there is a worldwide moratorium on whaling .  japan has continued its whale hunt stating that the country is doing it for scientific purpose .
 venezuela 's chavez is not in a coma , his brother says <sec> adan chavez says his brother , president hugo chavez , is making strides in his recovery .  chavez , 58 , is undergoing cancer treatment in cuba and battling complications .  he has not been seen in public since doctors operated on him a month ago .  argentina 's president visits cuba in a show of solidarity with chave .
 two suspected u.s. drone strikes reported in yemen <sec> yemeni capital on high alert over warnings of possible attack , an official says .  seven al qaeda militants , eight civilians killed in jaar district , yemeni security officials say .  clashes between al qaeda fighters , tribesmen reported in lowder district .  17 al qaeda fighters , three security officers reported killed in lowder distric .
 saudi arabia 's king abdullah to have back surgery again <sec> king abdullah to have his third back surgery in a year .  he had surgeries last year for herniated disc , blood clot .  he has ruled saudi arabia since 200 .
 'balloon boy ' parents sentenced for hoax <sec> richard heene sentenced to 90 days ; his wife to 20 days in jail .  prosecutor : search-and-rescue launched after incident cost at least $ 47,000 .  heenes told authorities child was blown away inside balloon ; it turned out to be a hoax .  judge orders that heenes not benefit financially from the inciden .
 south korean defense ministry dissolves celebrity soldier unit <sec> celeb unit acting as military public relations department for 16 years is being disbanded .  k-pop stars rain and se7en 's bad behavior at the center of controversial decision .  fierce nationwide backlash that meets any hint of special treatmen .
 diplomatic hopes for libyan peace appear to fade <sec> there was optimism recently from regime insiders in tripoli that a deal was in the works .  british move seen as escalation against gadhafi .  libya insists that a cease-fire must come first .  rebels and their western allies say gadhafi must g .
 carbon monoxide leak : 1 dead , dozens hospitalized in new york <sec> legal sea foods ceo : `` stronger safety measures must be put in place '' .  town official says investigators found a leak in water heater 's flue pipe .  27 people were hospitalized after the incident .  police and ambulance crews felt dizzy as wel .
 rising from the rainforest : the amazon 's world cup stadium race <sec> manaus , right next to amazon , is one of host cities for the 2014 brazil world cup .  a new stadium with sustainable features called arena da amazonia in construction .  most of the work must be completed before the rainy season starts in december .  the 44,000-seater stadium cost $ 225m and will also host concerts and conference .
 obama says health care reform helping people get by <sec> new : republicans call for repealing the health care bill , but keeping some benefits .  obama lists health care benefits going into effect thursday .  president meets with people benefiting from the changes .  obama also meets with state health insurance commissioner .
 spitzer 's escort : 'i love who i am ' <sec> new york times : court documents identify the woman as ashley alexandra dupre .  she has not been charged with any crime .  dupre writes on her myspace page that she abused drugs and has been homeless .  `` she 'll make it through , '' her brother say .
 u.s. officials : 'no reason to doubt ' it 's al-baghdadi <sec> video purports to show isis leader delivering a sermon in mosul .  a suicide car bombing kills at least seven people and wounds 14 in baghdad .  iraq 's parliament has been postponed for at least a month , state-run iraqiya tv says .  fighters form defensive lines around main airport , which is considered a top isis targe .
 balmoral castle : vacationing with the queen <sec> cottages on the grounds of balmoral castle are available to the public for rent .  the royal estate in the scottish highlands is a favorite retreat of queen elizabeth ii .  sightings of the royal family are possible for visitors to the estate .  the cozy cottages are more rustic than the royal dig .
 israeli general : 'rational ' iranian leaders not pushing nuclear bomb <sec> israel 's top general says iranian leaders are `` very rational '' .  he said he does n't believe iran has moved forward on nuclear weapon .  sanctions have not rolled back iran 's nuclear program , netanyahu say .
 supreme court says overseas custody fight can continue <sec> girl at center of custody dispute lives overseas with her mother .  u.s. soldier 's appeals were denied by lower court , but case now revived .  international treaty terms tested limits of american law in custody battl .
 bayern knock man utd out of champions league ; lyon advance <sec> bayern munich knock manchester united out of the champions league . .  the germans fight back from 3-0 down to lose 3-2 but progress on away goals rule . .  lyon lose 1-0 to bordeaux but advance 3-2 on aggregate .
 afghanistan unveils list of peace council members <sec> women are part of the afghan peace council .  one analyst said too many names will have negative connotations .  there have been contacts between both side .
 getting women on board : how can female bosses reach the top ? <sec> a new report shows women account for a fifth of ftse 100 board members .  lord davies : `` culture change taking place at the heart of british business '' .  critics say the figures mask reality as many of the roles are non-executive position .
 miami crushes san antonio to level nba finals <sec> miami heat beat san antonio spurs in game two of 2013 nba finals .  mario chalmers finishes with 19 points for the heat .  lebron james scores 17 points , with eight rebounds and seven assists .  game three will take place on tuesday at san antonio 's at & t cente .
 brooklyn bridge flags expected to be returned to nypd <sec> two u.s. flags taken from brooklyn bridge expected to be returned to the nypd friday .  the nypd believes a pair of german artists replaced the flags with two white flags .  two white flags were spotted by construction workers the morning of july 22 .  the investigation is ongoing and it 's unclear what charges , if any , the artists will fac .
