 could this jacket save thousands of motorcyclists ? <sec> up to 13,000 road fatalities a year in kenya , report says .  hardware startup modify hi-vis jackets to make motorcycle riders safer on streets .  `` we are expecting to bring sanity onto our roads , '' says co-founde .
 imam sentenced to life in prison in jfk airport terror plot <sec> kareem ibrahim was convicted in may of conspiring to attack jfk airport .  he is sentenced to life in prison for his role in the 2007 plot .  ibrahim was a leader of the shiite muslim community in trinidad and tobag .
 arizona wildfire battle shadowed by losses <sec> 80-mph wind gusts are `` unlikely '' but possible , forecaster says .  the yarnell hill blaze killed 19 firefighters sunday .  four c-130s are bound for arizona firefighting efforts .  the planes can drop massive amounts of water or fire retardan .
 kennedy was our 'greatest champion , ' says gay activist <sec> sen. edward `` ted '' kennedy had a long track record in support of gay rights .  gay right advocate on kennedy 's death : `` i lost one of my heroes '' .  kennedy played a critical role in same-sex marriage debate , advocates sa .
 hollande sticking to afghanistan withdrawal by year 's end <sec> hollande reminds obama `` that i made a promise to the french people '' .  but france will continue to support afghanistan `` in a different way '' .  france has more than 3,300 forces in afghanista .
 after historic court rulings , what 's next for gay rights movement ? <sec> lgbt advocates hail supreme court rulings on same-sex marriage as `` historic '' .  still , same-sex marriage remains illegal in most states .  activists are also fighting for workplace protections for gays and lesbians .  these and other issues are `` not insurmountable , '' an advocate say .
 'hunger games , ' 'game of thrones ' references top pop culture baby names <sec> for boys emmett from `` twilight '' takes the cake , flanked by other boys ' names ending in -- ett .  the site lists aria 's appearance as a favorite among ambitious parents .  cato of the `` hunger games '' has made its way up the rank .
 michigan courts given leeway to force veil removal <sec> courts allowed `` exercise reasonable control '' over appearance of witnesses .  change prompted by case in which judge demanded woman remove face-covering .  rule says `` demeanor '' must be observable , `` accurate identification '' ensured .  council on american-islamic relations , aclu oppose the chang .
 kim 's son joins n. korea military board <sec> north korean leader kim jong-il 's son joins national defense commission .  south korean media says move makes kim jong-un his father 's heir apparent .  25-year-old is youngest of kim 's three son .
 elizabeth taylor 's 'crown jewels of hollywood ' dazzle on display <sec> highlights from elizabeth taylor 's extensive jewelry collection on display at christie 's in london .  dazzling gems include 33.19-carat diamond , a present from richard burton to taylor .  collection known as the `` crown jewels of hollywood '' .  jewels may cause bidding frenzy in the salesroom , say christie ' .
 bangkok police brace for protests over amnesty bill <sec> thousands of police officers are deployed in bangkok .  the government has invoked temporary security measures for the protests .  demonstrators oppose a bill that would grant amnesty for people jailed in political unrest .  human rights groups warn that the bill could let people who carried out abuses off the hoo .
 priceless final for traveling fans <sec> fans geoff and ivan traveled to rome to see the champions league final .  `` the atmosphere at the match was brilliant , '' says united fan geoff pearson .  `` i 've lost my voice from screaming , '' says barcelona fan ivan papel .
 mexican senate : tax on high-calorie food could bite into obesity <sec> legislation adds an 8 % tax on food high in caloric content .  a liter of soft drink also gets a tax .  mexico tops a u.n. report ranking the most obese nations .  mexico passed the u.s. to top the lis .
 federer stuns weary nadal in madrid final <sec> roger federer stuns clay-court king rafael nadal in the madrid masters final .  second seed federer secures his first title of the season with a 6-4 6-4 victory .  nadal showed obvious weariness following semifinal epic with novak djokovic .  dinara safina clinches her second title of the year in the women 's tournamen .
 house approves short-term funding plan <sec> just three house members attend the pro forma session .  the measure approved by the house funds the government through tuesday .  a funding dispute threatened a possible government shutdown .  a bipartisan agreement includes an additional $ 2.65 billion in disaster relief needed by fem .
 barcelona defender puyol set to miss euro 2012 after knee surgery <sec> barcelona defender carles puyol is set to miss spain 's euro 2012 campaign .  puyol will miss six weeks after suffering a knee injury during the game with espanyol .  the 34-year-old was a mainstay in spain 's victories at euro 2008 and the 2010 world cup .  puyol will miss barcelona 's copa del rey final against athletic bilbao on may 2 .
 opinion : two different marriage bans , both wrong <sec> 46 years ago , the supreme court struck down a ban on interracial marriage .  donna brazile : supreme court can knock down another unconstitutional barrier .  court must rule gays , lesbians are entitled to same rights as everyone else , she says .  brazile : justices can stand up for equality by striking down bans on same sex marriag .
 tour de france : welcome to 'god 's own county ' <sec> 101st tour de france starts from english county of yorkshire saturday .  yorkshire famous for home of bronte sisters .  kenyan-born briton chris froome favorite to defend title .  fellow team sky rider bradley wiggins left out of its tea .
 circumcising our son -- how do we decide ? <sec> couple considered religion , medicine and aesthetics in circumcision decision .  nih study discussed circumcision as a factor in aids prevention in africa .  `` confronting our circumcision decision over and over has been humbling , '' says emer .
 report : russia and china are top thieves of u.s. technology <sec> bryant hopes the report will spark solutions .  china and russia are singled out as top offenders in industrial espionage report .  many cyberattacks are coming from china , report says .  other countries area also conducting foreign economic espionage against u.s .
 eddie vedder to release new solo album and concert dvd <sec> eddie vedder performing songs with cat power and glen hansard .  the album 's first single `` longing to belong '' will be available in digital stores tomorrow .  `` water on the road '' was directed by brendan canty of fugazi and christoph gree .
 muscles and movies - l.a. through the year <sec> the l.a. film festival offers a chance to enjoy cinema in its spiritual home .  check out the ridiculously buffs bodies at the muscle beach competition .  join thousands of party people for new year 's eve at giant maximu .
 israel election : exit polls show near dead heat <sec> one major tv channel gives benjamin netanyahu a slight , one-seat edge .  two other channels show him tied at 27 seats with isaac herzog .  ballots are for political parties rather than individual prime ministerial candidate .
 iran blinds man in 'eye for an eye ' justice <sec> iran 's judicial system blinded a man in his left eye on tuesday , amnesty international reported .  he had been convicted of putting acid on another man 's face , causing him to be blinde .
 cristiano ronaldo keeps real madrid on top in spain <sec> cristiano ronaldo scores winner at malaga to maintain real madrid 's lead .  rival diego costa also scores only goal of match for second-placed atletico .  bayern munich march closer to a 24th german bundesliga title .  inter milan 's european hopes boosted by third successive serie a wi .
 violent passions of israeli-palestinian conflict echo across the world <sec> while missiles fly in mideast , tensions soar outside the region .  hatred , even violence , erupts at demonstrations in france and united states .  people on both sides of the issue talk of death threats .  the battle is also being waged in venomous words on social medi .
 is scott walker qualified to be president ? <sec> navarrette : walker does n't have the foreign policy credentials or the courage needed for today 's era . .  he says the only plus if he 's nominated is that it would prove america does n't want a hard-right presiden .
 secretly taped comments put romney back on defense <sec> gop presidential candidate mitt romney 's verbal gaffes have once again stymied his campaign 's ability to control the narrative .  democrats were gleeful , while republicans left scrambling after romney 's comments .  less than two months before the election , romney 's challenge is to steer clear of speaking slip ups ; hammer obama on the econom .
 coach overcomes homelessness , paralysis and inspires others <sec> beverly kearney is the founder of the pursuit of dreams foundation .  pursuit of dreams mentors men and woman through programming and inspiration .  kearney was partially paralyzed in a car accident , but she learned to walk agai .
 vodafone to 'bank ' 700 million indians through m-pesa mobile banking <sec> vodafone india announced launch of m-pesa , a mobile phone based banking service .  m-pesa was first established in kenya in 2007 as a way to transfer money and pay bills .  vodafone says 700mn indians are `` unbanked '' , with no access to traditional bank services .  in 2011 , india had 986mn mobile phone subscriptions , second largest after chin .
 suspect held in minsk subway blast probe <sec> new : the bombing suspect is a 27-year-old man .  new : investigators do n't know if the bomber acted alone .  the blast occurred at rush hour at a minsk station .  officials believe the bomb was radio-controlle .
 alice in chains returns after death of singer <sec> alice in chains ' new album , `` black gives way to blue , '' hit no . .  1 .  album is first for the band since death of singer layne staley in 2002 .  singer william duvall is an old friend of the group 's .  with new singer , band sounds like ... alice in chain .
 cost of war continues long after fighting is done <sec> mike scotti was deployed in both iraq and afghanistan .  he struggled with isolation , anger and depression after coming home .  an estimated 22 veterans commit suicide every day .  for ways to help veterans in need , visit cnn.com/impac .
 source : benghazi mastermind suspect soon heading to u.s . <sec> 4 americans , including its ambassador to libya , died in a 2012 attack on a mission .  obama has said that ahmed abu khatallah was `` one of the masterminds '' of the attack .  abu khatallah was nabbed by u.s. commandos , fbi agents this month in libya .  he 's expected to be prosecuted in a federal court in washingto .
 'angel of death ' transferred to less restrictive facility <sec> david attias has been behind the walls of a mental hospital for 10 years .  he will now get treatment at an outpatient facility .  he killed four people in 2001 when he plowed his car down a california street .  he was convicted then pronounced not guilty by reason of insanit .
 republican shutdown pain may boost dems in 2014 - cnnpolitics.com <sec> republicans take brunt of blame for government shutdown , debt fight .  some handicappers say democrats have improved their chances in midterms .  tea party groups expected to be very active next year .  democrats showed strong unity during congressional standof .
 heavy metal and violence : more than a myth ? <sec> heavy metal used as a scapegoat according to anthropologist .  storytelling and drama important , not violence , says iron maiden singer .  heavy metal is pantomime compared to torture-porn films says nme journalist .  iron maiden accused of being satanists in 1980 .
 vets with ptsd get benefits under settlement <sec> veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder filed a class-action lawsuit .  they claimed they were denied benefits .  a settlement in the case will afford them compensation .  thousands of iraq and afghanistan vets suffer from pts .
 tsarnaev trial : do n't give him death penalty ( opinion ) <sec> mel robbins : death penalty is n't justice , it 's revenge .  dzhokhar tsarnaev should n't be put to death , she say .
 indian son works to bail mother <sec> an indian son finally secures the release of his mother who spent 19 years in jail on bail .  the 19-year-old worked night and day in a garment factory to raise rs5000 ( $ 89 ) .  the mother was sentenced to life in prison for murder but was released on bail pending an appeal .  the high court in uttar pradesh is now reviewing other bail cases in the state 's prison .
 stone roses wan na be adored again <sec> influential british rock band the stone roses to reform after 15-year hiatus .  music writer says group will want gigs to improve the stone roses ' legacy .  paul stokes says older groups allow fans to experience better quality music .  but he says reformed acts are in danger of soaking up much of the live marke .
 ex-chief of transplant program indicted in cover-up of patient switch <sec> dr. richard r. lopez jr. , 54 , of west los angeles named in eight-count indictment .  he 's accused of conspiracy , falsifying records in liver transplant case .  indictment : doctor accepted liver for one patient , but then gave it to another 52nd on list .  original patient due for liver later died in saudi arabi .
 turkey and syria : why neither side wants war <sec> syrian shells hit towns across the border in turkey , killing at least five .  syria apologizes for incident , says it will not be repeated .  fawaz gerges says neither side wants syria 's civil war to spread across regio .
 china launches bid to host 2022 winter olympics <sec> china makes bid to host winter olympic games in 2022 .  beijing plans to stage games along with city of zhangjiakou .  plans to build railway to link two venues unveiled .  faces challenge from several other cities including munich , oslo and krako .
 jeff gordon takes blogger along on high-speed prank -- or did he ? <sec> auto blogger travis okulski made jeff gordon mad when he said a popular video was fake .  gordon decided to take the blogger on a wild ride of his own .  okulski swears his panicked screams are real , that he thought he might die .  a few conspiracists do n't buy it ; they think there are clues that this one is fake , to .
 u.s. faces clean energy bust as subsidies expire , report warns <sec> u.s. clean energy subsidies will be `` largely dismantled '' by 2014 , report finds .  the effect will be `` broader and deeper than people imagine , '' one of its authors says .  the programs have fueled a boom in solar and wind power .  opponents call them a taxpayer-funded boondoggl .
 michael jackson hoax was 'experiment , ' broadcaster says <sec> video purportedly showed michael jackson hopping out of a coroner 's van .  rtl spokesperson : video made to show how easy it is to spread rumors online .  880,000 people clicked on the most popular version of the video on youtube .  rtl : video intended to tell people not to take information at face valu .
 latest developments in ebola outbreak <sec> president obama promises a more intensive response to the ebola crisis .  new texas ebola patient identified as dallas nurse amber vinson .  vinson flew from ohio to texas aboard a commercial flight on monday .  centers for disease control and prevention is trying to contact passenger .
 bayern hit six to go top of early bundesliga standings <sec> bayern munich beat vfb stuttgart 6-1 to top bundesliga .  thomas mueller scores twice for bavarian giants in rout .  felix magath 's wolfsburg suffer 4-0 home defeat to hannover .  champions juventus set pace in serie a with 4-1 win at udines .
 brazil protests call for dilma rousseff 's impeachment <sec> protesters denounce corruption and demand the impeachment of president dilma rousseff .  they march in key cities : sao paulo , rio de janeiro and the capital , brasili .
 hoyer : dems 'revisiting positions ' on 'genocide ' resolution <sec> new : majority leader says a number of dems are `` revisiting their own positions '' .  turkey is upset about world war i `` genocide '' resolution in congress .  house resolution calls killing of armenians `` genocide '' .  incirlik air base is key point for u.s. military supply of iraq missio .
 nfl analyst darren sharper fired amid rape charges <sec> the nfl network has terminated its contact with sharper .  sharper turned himself in to police amid fresh rape charges .  the former nfl star faces two counts of aggravated rape in new orlean .
 jordan spieth targets rory mcilroy 's no.1 spot <sec> jordan spieth only the fourth player since 1940 to seal two pga tour wins under age of 22 .  golfing 's newest star sets his sights on usurping rory mcilroy as the world 's no.1 .  confidence is high going into the masters , in which he finished second a year ag .
 a 3-d look at latin american liberator bolivar <sec> researchers use computer programs to reconstruct simon bolivar 's face .  venezuelan president hugo chavez unveils new , 3-d portraits of bolivar .  researchers use data from skeletal remains exhumed two years ago .  an investigation into bolivar 's 1830 death has been inconclusive , the government say .
 what is the syrian electronic army ? <sec> the syrian electronic army has claimed hacks on ap , cbs news , npr and the bbc .  its attack on the ap twitter feed caused a flurry of panic and sent stocks plunging .  the group is hosted on the network of the syrian government , says researcher .  syrian president bashar al-assad has previously praised the group 's work , he say .
 commentary : black vote is n't monolithic <sec> alfred liggins : america 's black population has become more diverse .  40 million population represents many different social , economic viewpoints , he says .  liggins : discrimination still key issue , but other concerns have emerged .  liggins says politicians need to know that past appeals to race are outdate .
 can a nuclear iran be deterred ? <sec> amitai etzioni : there is growing interest among u.s. officials , scholars in deterring iran .  for deterrence to work , leaders of nations with nuclear arms must be rational , he says .  etzioni : even rational heads of states have made gross miscalculations .  he says no one can assume that we can safely rely on the rationality of iran 's leader .
 cain 's best damage control : release everything <sec> the litany of politicians behaving badly is a long one , says gloria borger .  many have survived , but the verdict is up to the voters , she says .  she says cain 's best strategy would be to seek release of all the details .  borger : bill clinton was able to survive a damaging scanda .
 rescued american : hostages still held at risk <sec> ex-captive says farc probably will punish hostages still in jungle .  marc gonsalves : farc 's revolutionary claims are `` lie '' to justify criminal activity .  gonsalves among 15 freed from colombian rebel group last week .  gonsalves , two other freed americans address reporter .
 why uk would miss scotland ( opinion ) <sec> historian timothy stanley wants scotland to stay in the united kingdom .  he notes that the historical relationship changed after world war ii .  scots ' quest for a wider social safety net may be hard to achieve alone , he says .  stanley says he 'd miss england 's romantic , talkative partners if they g .
 flight attendants petition to get `` 30 rock '' off flights <sec> association of professional flight attendants wants nbc show off all aa flights .  star alec baldwin refused to turn off phone , prompting his removal from flight .  the incident delayed the flight at los angeles international airport .  baldwin later mocked the airline on `` saturday night live .
 indiana voices who support , blast religious freedom law <sec> transgender 20-something says indiana 's new feels like legalized discrimination .  business owner says the law protects his catholic belief .
 iran 's arrest of baha'is condemned <sec> six baha'i leaders arrested in raids on their homes , baha'i news service says .  `` their only crime is practice of their faith , '' says baha'i representative to u.n . .  no comment from iranian government ; arrests not reported in iran 's state-run media .  u.s. government panel calls arrests a sign of vanishing religious freedom in ira .
 clinton , rice break bread , discuss top diplomatic job <sec> secretary of state invites sen. hillary clinton to dinner at her washington home .  such dinners allow for exchange of important information , ex-secretary of state says .  bill clinton releases names of sponsors of clinton global initiative in hong kon .
