 report alleges abuse in asia shrimp industry <sec> sexual and physical abuse , child labor alleged in southeast asia shrimp industry .  thai police described one factory as `` little short of medieval , '' report says .  much of shrimp processed in thailand is destined for the united states .  u.s. lawmaker calls report 's findings `` outrageous ... unacceptable .
 'always a bit of longing ' in george harrison tunes , says widow <sec> new george harrison collection , `` let it roll , '' out tuesday .  cd songs from 1970s `` all things must pass '' through 2002 's `` brainwashed '' .  widow : harrison 's songs had `` always a bit of humor , always a bit of longing .
 clashes in lebanon over illegal housing ; 2 dead <sec> the incident occurred in tyre .  residents threw rocks and fired shots .  along with the dead , two were wounde .
 gifts to u.s. officials include jewels , pillows , abs exerciser <sec> new : state department incorrectly said jordan 's king abdullah gave rice jewelry .  annual inventory lists gifts presented to administration officials .  saudi arabia 's king gave condoleezza rice a jewelry set worth $ 165,000 .  officials can not keep gifts ; they are turned over to government archive .
 putin jabs u.s. , obama in op-ed , says syria strike would be 'act of aggression ' <sec> putin 's op-ed is `` irrelevant '' and he `` needs to deliver '' on syria , u.s. official says .  u.s.-funded weapons began reaching syrian rebels 2 weeks ago , official says .  in a new york times op-ed , putin says striking syria will hurt the region and world .  u.s. secretary of state john kerry will meet with russian counterpart thursda .
 mitt romney is not a flip-flopper <sec> dean obeidallah : is mitt romney truly a man `` without a core '' ? .  no . .  obeidallah : romney has a distinct core -- not one of a politician , but one of a ceo .  he says a ceo is not shackled by ideology , but by how well he can sell a product .  obeidallah : romney the businessman modifies his messages to get the customer .
 opinion : al sharpton is no rat <sec> errol louis : al sharpton under new criticism for informing on criminals for fbi in 1980s .  louis : this old news shows how far sharpton has come into political mainstream .  he says sharpton was threatened by organized crime members .  louis : you do n't have to like his politics to see he did what a law-abiding citizen should d .
 gsa junket a case of government hypocrisy <sec> matt welch says obama told bailed-out banks in 2009 to curb corporate junket spending .  he says $ 822,000 gsa junket shows our lecturing government guilty of same thing .  he says we like to shame bankers even as washington wastes , overspends .  welch : vegas junket not as surprising as americans not seeing real sin city is d.c .
 13-year-old assassin murdered in mexico <sec> jose armando moreno leos , 13 , last month had admitted being a hit man , authorities say .  he was found this week murdered execution-style , a state 's attorney says .  he had been released from custody in compliance with mexico 's constitutio .
 nobel prize-winning author doris lessing dies ; wrote 'golden notebook ' <sec> new : harpercollins uk ceo says lessing had `` a fierce intellect and a warm heart '' .  lessing `` passed away peacefully '' at her london home , publisher says .  `` i was born to write , '' lessing said .  lessing won the nobel prize in literature at the age of 8 .
 man faces 10 months jail for tweets about trial in uae <sec> the son of a man on trial tweeted distortions of proceedings , a court ruled .  rights activists say his treatment reflects how the government is attempting to hide the trial .  94 dissidents are accused of being muslim extremists trying to overthrow the government .  human rights watch says the dissidents are critics of a greatly unelected governmen .
 illegal local brew kills 19 in kenya <sec> new : death toll from illegal local brew rises to 19 .  changa'a is a homemade brew sold cheaply in nairobi slums .  the beverage can be laced with chemicals to hasten its preparation .  a number of deaths have occurred over the years from consuming i .
 season snapshot : is network tv dead ? <sec> this year 's fall tv season has been good to nbc .  fox , abc and cbs are struggling in comparison .  part of the problem is a lack of `` big new things '' .  one thing that is working for networks are sitcom .
 cornish pasties filling hunger for jobs <sec> cornish pasties began as a humble and hearty meal for tired and starving miners .  today 100 businesses in cornwall produce around 120 million pasties every year .  the cornish pasty has recognition under the eu 's protected food names schem .
 meningitis outbreak spreads to 5 states ; 4 dead <sec> new : fda releases lot numbers for recalled product .  the total number of cases is now 26 .  four people have died .  `` we expect to see more cases , '' says tennessee 's health commissione .
 giuliani stands by obama comments - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rudy giuliani says of president obama : `` i do n't know if he loves america '' .  giuliani says his office got death threats over remarks , but most calls were positiv .
 opinion : how will royal couple react to pregnancy prank ? <sec> foster : incident is a major breach of privacy , whether it was a joke or not .  william wants to ensure his wife does n't suffer media intrusion as his mother did , says foster .  observers ask whether william will regard the prank as crossing the lin .
 apple ceo scoffs at tablet-laptop hybrid <sec> apple ceo : tablet-pc hybrids are like combining toasters and refrigerators .  microsoft is making a play with windows 8 for tablets and pcs .  with ipad sales soaring , apple has little reason to push for a new gadget .  microsoft says converging operating systems are the future of computin .
 gadhafi 's legacy in africa : 'madman or god ? ' <sec> some african leaders bestowed endearing nicknames on him .  they included `` brother leader '' and `` king of kings of africa '' .  the toppled ruler was among the largest contributors to the african union .  he disbursed billions of dollars for mosques , roads and luxury hotels in the continen .
 continental airlines and mechanic guilty in deadly concorde crash <sec> new : aircraft maker eads is also ordered to pay damages .  french authorities are trying to shift blame away from air france , continental says .  mechanic john taylor is the only person convicted .  the crash killed 113 people in 200 .
 glass walkway offers views from london 's tower bridge <sec> new glass walkway offers views from 42 meters above london 's river thames .  attraction follows the opening of similar walkways at the eiffel tower and grand canyon .  second walkway due to open on december .
 opinion : corporations skip tax with overseas maneuver <sec> u.s. corporations merge with foreign companies , move their headquarters .  mcintyre : such `` inversions '' enable firms to greatly lower their u.s. corporate tax bill .  he says government can lose billions of tax revenue from such maneuvers .  mcintyre : congress should pass administration proposal to bar inversion .
 opinion : 'duck dynasty 's ' black supporters <sec> `` duck dynasty '' star phil robertson returns in new episodes after controversial comments .  yolanda young disagrees with him but says there are pockets of support for show among african americans .  she says some believe homosexuality is a sin ; hunters feel an affinity for show .  young : some of my relatives understand , but object to , robertson 's comments on rac .
 boy with inoperable tumor gets 6th birthday wish : mail <sec> daniel nickerson was diagnosed eight months ago with an inoperable brain tumor .  a social media push brought 100,000 letters to daniel 's mailbox .  `` he just loves getting mail , he 's always running to the mailbox , '' daniel 's aunt says .  the new england patriots give daniel a special sixth birthday hono .
 a scorched-earth public park ? only in abu dhabi <sec> british designer thomas heatherwick recently unveiled plans for al fayah park .  the park will be covered with a dome that resembles a parched desert landscape .  underneath , the park will have pools , streams and lush community garden .
 the gain game : why do sports stars cheat ? <sec> arsenal midfielder santi cazorla 's theatrics reignite debate about diving in football .  former anti-doping chief gives five reasons why athletes choose to cheat .  world 's major sports organizations face major battle to combat sporting frau .
 why is ted cruz attending mandela 's memorial service ? <sec> sen. ted cruz , r-texas , is traveling with 22 members of congress to south africa .  the only other republican attending is rep. aaron schock .  he received vocal backlash for posting condolences for nelson mandel .
 'fat duck ' chefs die in hong kong horror crash <sec> new : the fat duck releases statement on deaths of two chefs .  they and their driver die in collision , and 56 people are hurt , police say .  driver of bus released on bail after arrest for dangerous driving that results in death .  bus collided into car , ramming it against another bu .
 angelina jolie to visit syrian refugees in turkey <sec> jolie will arrive in istanbul and head to hatay .  more than 8,000 syrians have fled their country for turkey .  jolie is a u.n. refugee agency goodwill ambassado .
 fbi adds suspect in colorado slaying to 10 most wanted list <sec> suspect in the slaying of a colorado man added to fbi 's ten most wanted list .  edwin ernesto rivera gracias is accused of choking , beating and stabbing richard limon , 69 .  rivera gracias may have fled to his home country of el salvador , the fbi says .  victim 's daughter wants `` justice to be served .
 mosque in israel vandalized , set on fire <sec> the mosque 's imam says he arrived to find the building burned .  attackers left graffiti on the wall , including the word `` revenge '' .  israeli prime minister says the atack contradicts israel 's values .  residents and police clash after the attac .
 broken toilets strand united passengers in alaska <sec> flight from san francisco to shanghai landed after lavatories broke .  replacement plane also had mechanical problems .  passenger says she got one $ 12 meal voucher but not her luggage .  united apologizes , says it is reaching out to customer .
 canada shooting : suspect in killing of 3 officers captured <sec> new : `` i ca n't dig deep enough to explain the sadness , '' police official says .  new : police release the names of the officers killed .  moncton resident says suspect was arrested on her yard .  swat teams swarmed neighborhoods and surrounded building .
 denver international airport bans pot despite colorado 's marijuana law <sec> police wo n't look for pot , but they could issue a $ 999 ticket if they incidentally find it .  official : `` we just want to make it clear if people are traveling that they just know the rules '' .  tsa officers at checkpoints will not look for marijuana in bags or pockets .  colorado becomes the first u.s. state to license retail sales of marijuan .
 top british spy chief predicts a 'successful games ' <sec> preparations have been `` long and thorough , '' says jonathan evans .  `` the games are not an easy target , '' he says .  concerns are moving to a less monolithic but wider threat .  british would-be jihadis are `` a new and worrying development .
 death toll rises to nearly 600 in brazil flooding <sec> most of the deaths occurred in hard-hit cities of teresopolis and nova friburgo .  officials fear more may be dead in the flooding in rio de janeiro state .  rain is predicted to continue for several day .
 bombs strike downtown bangkok ; no injuries reported <sec> the blasts rocked the entrance to an immensely popular shopping mall .  there were no injuries , police said .  the mall was the most instagrammed place in 201 .
 israel arrests suspect in srebrenica massacre <sec> aleksander cvetkovic is wanted in bosnia for his role in the 1995 massacre .  about 800 muslim men and boys were killed in srebrenica .  cvetkovic is accused of being part of a eight-man firing squa .
 bayern munich score eight in hamburg rout <sec> bayern munich defeats hamburg 8-0 .  five separate players on scoresheet in allianz arena .  wolfsburg wins classic , dortmund moves out of relegation playoff place .
 'rudo y cursi : ' the mexican movie phenomenon <sec> mexican superstars gael garcia bernal , diego luna star together .  film has gone down in mexican history as fourth most popular box office hit ever .  alejandro gonzalez inarritu , alfonso cuaron , guillermo del toro behind film .  directed by carlos cuaron and produced by production company , cha cha ch .
 super stadiums of the nfl <sec> super bowl stadium boosts attendance by selling tickets for the parking lot .  newer nfl facilities boast smarter designs , more technology .  packers ' lambeau field embraces `` tailgating on steroids '' .  stadium architect reveals secrets of home-field advantag .
 judge in 'blade runner ' pistorius case warns of 'trial by media ' <sec> the court granted the prosecution 's request to postpone the case until august 19 .  the olympic track star is accused of premeditated murder in the death of his girlfriend .  pistorius has said he thought he was shooting at a burgla .
 a brief history of the world cup : from humble beginnings in uruguay <sec> only 12 teams traveled to uruguay for the first world cup ever held in 1930 .  twenty years later , the tournament entered a new era when it was staged in brazil .  the 1970 event in mexico featured technicolor coverage via satellite television broadcasts .  italy go into the the 2010 tournament in south africa as the defending champion .
 young republicans on cain : 'it can be rough ... being a black conservative ' <sec> some young black conservatives view cain 's downfall with mixed feelings .  his many mistakes , they say , hurt their cause .  but his early success and tea party support show the movement could embrace a black conservativ .
 trial opens for drew peterson , accused of killing third wife <sec> new : court is scheduled to resume wednesday morning .  new : attorneys for both sides made opening statements in the former police officer 's trial .  new : the prosecution calls mary pontarelli , a neighbor , as its first witness .  kathleen savio was found dead in a bathtub in 200 .
 no verdict yet in philadelphia abortion doctor case <sec> new : deliberations will resume wednesday morning .  the defense argued prosecutors used `` hype and exaggeration '' .  kermit gosnell , 72 , faces murder counts in the deaths of four infants and one patient .  if found guilty , he could face the death penalt .
 isis 'more dangerous than people realize ' <sec> german journalist and author juergen todenhoefer journeyed deep into isis territory .  he interviewed isis fighters , prisoners , and members of the public caught up in the battle for iraq and syria .  one isis spokesman told todenhofer : `` slavery and beheadings [ are ] part of our religion '' .  isis `` preparing the largest religious cleansing campaign the world has ever seen , '' says todenhoefe .
 america 's cup opts for speed in 2013 <sec> the 34th america 's cup will take place on faster wingsail catamarans .  an annual america 's cup world series will begin in 2011 , according to organizers .  a youth competition will also be introduced in 2012 to boost interest among youngster .
 cambodia reports thai incursions to u.n . <sec> cambodia : letter to security council meant to 'draw attention to crisis ' .  the two countries agreed to meet monday to defuse tensions .  both cambodia and thailand lay claim to 11th century preah vihear temple .  the international court of justice awarded the temple to cambodia in 196 .
 suarez fails to inspire as liverpool are held by tottenham <sec> liverpool and tottenham draw 0-0 at anfield in the english premier league .  striker luis suarez returns after eight-match ban for racist comments .  liverpool dominate but gareth bale squanders a late chance for tottenham .  granada beat malaga 2-1 in the spanish league thanks to inigo lopez 's goa .
 behind 'the ball ' : author talks about why we play <sec> john fox wrote `` the ball '' in response to a question from his 8-year-old son .  fox says ball games are an ancient and worldwide tradition .  he predicts more interaction between digital technology and live sports in the futur .
 natural causes killed penguins along brazilian coast , scientists say <sec> more than 700 washed ashore in rio grande do sul , biologists say .  birds were decomposed but otherwise seem unharmed .  penguins migrate from argentina about this time of year , biologist say .
 report : facebook making phone , code-named 'buffy ' <sec> all things d says phone is 12 to 18 months from hitting stores .  htc phone will run a modified version of google 's android , report says .  inq mobile 's cloud touch and cloud q put facebook front and cente .
 uae blogger who called for reform taken from apartment , says wife <sec> about 10 mean pick up ahmed mansoor from his apartment , his wife says .  dubai police promises to look into the matter .  mansoor was part of a group that petitioned the president for direct election .
 jimi hendrix estate speaks out against biopic <sec> the estate of jimi hendrix has spoken out against an upcoming biopic .  the statement follows new reports that the long-stalled biopic is moving forward .  the biopic aims to explore hendrix 's life between 1966 and 196 .
 pakistan blocks deportation of 5 americans <sec> pakistani court order bars deportation of five americans .  five arrested last week amid suspicion that they were plotting terrorist attacks .  police report says one of the americans left comments online praising militants .  militant contacted american after noticing online comments , report say .
 blagojevich to be retried in 2011 ; charges dropped against brother <sec> 4 charges against robert blagojevich are dropped .  attorneys for former gov . .  rod blagojevich are to meet with him .  robert blagojevich could be subpoenaed in the retrial .  rod blagojevich was convicted on one count ; the jury deadlocked on 23 other .
 want a great career ? find your passion <sec> larry smith : most people fail to have great careers because they make excuses .  he says people shun trying for greatness , saying it would harm their personal , family life .  he says great careers require people to find their passions and act on them .  smith : success also requires persistence , focus , discipline and resourcefulnes .
 oil threatens sperm whales in gulf <sec> heather heenehan : sperm whales once hunted for their oil ; now oil threatens their lives .  their deep water habitat in gulf severely threatened by the bp oil spill , she writes .  whales will breathe noxious fumes , she writes , and their food will be contaminated .  we all share blame for this disaster because of our huge oil consumption , she say .
 former israeli leader ariel sharon remains in critical condition <sec> doctors have stabilized heart and blood pressure but sharon remains in critical condition .  the former israeli prime minister is still suffering from organ failure .  sharon has been in a coma since 2006 .  news broke wednesday that sharon 's health had worsene .
 who are the real winners and losers of the 2014 world cup ? <sec> the world cup is expected to bring in billions to brazil 's economy .  many protestors claim this money will remain in the hands of a well-connected few .  brazilian officials say world cup has boosted infrastructure projects and created jobs .  country has experienced wide protests over hosting the world cu .
 witnesses recount how arizona gunman was wrestled to the ground <sec> new : the woman who took the magazine from the shooter says she did n't have time to think .  new : she snatched it after he dropped the magazine on the sidewalk .  zamudio helped pin the gunman to the ground .  he says the `` real hero '' was a wounded man who first grabbed the gunma .
 former madoff aide appears in court <sec> bernard madoff 's former aide annette bongiorno is under home detention .  the charges against bongiorno include conspiracy and tax evasion .  madoff was imprisoned for swindling investors in the largest ponzi scheme in u.s. histor .
 opinion : clooney hears the clock ticking <sec> pepper schwartz : george clooney is allegedly engaged in his 50s , a pivotal age .  schwartz : `` lust lovers '' get a sense of mortality in their 50s and start taking love seriously .  clooney has played lost , unconnected middle-aged men in his films , she says .  schwartz : middle age is at time for reassessment and correcting your life 's cours .
