 church gives fresh meaning to 'offering ' plate <sec> economy led to diminished donations at the cross timbers community church .  pastor decides to give away money to those who need it .  result was highest amount of donations ever for the churc .
 first lady leads mentoring program for washington-area students <sec> the first lady is leading a mentoring effort for high school students .  michelle obama invited more than 20 accomplished women to the white house .  they fanned out through washington-area schools with a message .  work hard and follow your dreams , they told student .
 military spectacle marks queen elizabeth 's birthday <sec> annual trooping the color held to mark queen 's birthday .  ceremony considered most celebrated annual royal event .  queen elizabeth turned 84 this year .  grenadier guards , recently in afghanistan , trooped the color this yea .
 after newtown , some shoppers think twice about violent video games <sec> readers sound off about video games and violence .  what do you think ? .  share your thoughts in the comments below or post a video on cnn ireport .  newtown shootings prompted conversation , though no gaming link has been found .  studies have differed on role of video games in violenc .
 rescuers search for 8 still missing from taiwan crash <sec> at least 35 people were killed in the plane crash , taiwan 's official news agency says .  divers put up a net to try to catch bodies that may have been swept downstream .  `` i thought something 's wrong with the engine , '' a survivor says from his hospital be .
 how gunshot survivor became first to receive face transplant <sec> face transplant recipient was shot in 2004 by her husband .  in a 2008 interview she told cnn affiliate that she forgave her husband .  doctors say connie culp fit criteria for ideal face transplant recipien .
 why world must react to taliban execution <sec> zainab salbi : execution of woman in afghanistan is show of taliban 's confidence .  she says killing woman for alleged adultery flouted afghan legal system , spirit of islam .  she says taliban uses force to repress women first ; world must react , not just denounce .  salbi : it 's short step between taliban brutality toward women , aggression to rest of worl .
 cyberattack on florida election raises questions <sec> a grand jury report outlines problems in an august 14 , 2012 , primary election in florida .  someone created a computer program that made 2,500 bogus requests for absentee ballots .  it 's the first documented attack on a u.s. election , said computer scientist david jefferson .  jefferson : `` it 's clear that the attackers knew what they were doing .
 state tv : 2 top officials depart ben ali 's party in tunisia <sec> new : at least 4 opposition ministers back away from unity government .  the president and prime minister leave ben ali 's old movement .  angry protests erupt in tunisia 's capital and witnesses report violence .  tunisians are steadily trying to get back to a semblance of normalc .
 do presidents age faster in office ? <sec> president obama celebrates his 50th birthday a little grayer than when he took office in 2009 .  one wellness expert maintains that presidents effectively age twice as fast while in office .  `` a person under significant stress is essentially accelerating the aging process , '' doctor says .  others who study aging do n't believe presidency accelerates age appearance or risk of deat .
 reddit co-founder plans 'internet 2012 ' bus tour <sec> internet 2012 bus tour seeks to highlight web-related issues this fall .  the 1,000-mile trip is organized by reddit co-founder alexis ohanian and others .  key issues include web freedom , affordable access and online privacy .  gop vice-presidential candidate paul ryan already targeted onc .
 cambodia at the tipping point <sec> anti-government protests in cambodia have recently taken a violent turn .  protests underscore ongoing tension between prime minister hun sen and opposition party .  ban on demonstration is criticized by human rights group .
 report : millions of children have untreated tooth decay <sec> about 6.5 million children enrolled in medicaid had untreated tooth decay in 2005 .  last year 12-year-old deamonte driver died from complications of infected tooth .  dentists often refuse to accept medicaid , which often pays less than private insurers .  many medicaid recipients say it 's difficult to get dental care using medicai .
 the weekend in vines <sec> celebrations of the hindu holiday diwali continued over the weekend .  jim carrey hosted `` saturday night live '' for the third time .  the atlanta falcons played the detroit lions in londo .
 blast near college in pakistan kills 10 <sec> bomb planted on bicycle explodes , hitting passenger bus , police say .  blast happened near college in quett .
 police advocates worry about ambushes like ferugson <sec> two police officers are shot and wounded in ferguson , missouri , in what a police official calls an `` ambush '' .  firearms killed 50 officers in 2014 , up from 32 in 2013 , the officers memorial fund says .  national law enforcement officers memorial fund : of the 50 , 15 were killed in ambushe .
 do americans think your job is prestigious ? <sec> sixty-one percent of americans say firefighters have prestigious job .  teachers , scientists also get high marks in recent harris poll .  bankers , athletes and journalists get low mark .
 palestinians halt security cooperation with israel <sec> autopsy report released by israel says ziyad abu ein died from blocked artery .  a palestinian doctor says he choked on vomit brought on by tear gas inhalation .  a palestinian official says ziyad abu ein was taking part in nonviolent protests .  israel 's netanyahu sends his envoy to the palestinian authority , vows to investigat .
 mexico 'welcomes ' new u.s. immigration reform push <sec> `` it 's a real reform '' and a significant step , one mexican senator says .  mexico 's foreign ministry says it welcomes the new push for immigration reform .  in mexico city , u.s. immigration reform proposals are met with mixed reactions .  mexico says it 's committed to `` protecting the rights of its citizens abroad .
 'dumb and dumber 2 ' filming this year , with jim carrey and jeff daniels <sec> peter farrelly dropped a twitter-imploding bombshell in the middle of a `` three stooges '' .  `` we 're getting set to shoot dumb and dumber 2 in september , '' the director said .  sean anders and john morris were hard at work on a scrip .
 kerr : lebron james feels pressure , needs championship <sec> steve kerr says lebron james new team should win more than 60 games .  james under pressure ; needs to win a championship to validate his legacy , kerr says .  kerr expects there to be a lockout of nba players before next season .  he says rising player costs have led to the league losing hundreds of millions of dollar .
 lindsey vonn : boyfriend tiger woods is an 'inspiration ' <sec> lindsey vonn reveals boyfriend tiger woods has helped her through injury rehab .  four-time world champion has missed much of the last two ski seasons due to serious knee injuries .  vonn will make return to competitive skiing action in coming week .
 magic johnson joins a new team : owners <sec> magic johnson becomes one of the rare team athletes to become a team owner .  professional players have had a mixed record when they have turned to team ownership .  nolan ryan 's rangers have done well , but wayne gretzky 's coyotes fell flat .  johnson says he 's committed to improving team and `` selling the dodger brand .
 court ruling on strip searches is unjust <sec> sherry colb : supreme court ruling on strip search was disturbingly insensitive .  she says ruling lets authorities strip search those arrested for even minor offenses .  she says court must protect inmates ' privacy by scrutinizing law enforcement procedures .  colb : a rubber-stamp on strip searches without reasonable suspicion is unjus .
 cnn student news - november 24 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 narendra modi appointed as india 's prime minister <sec> modi will officially be sworn in may 26 .  his party won more than half the seats in the parliament 's lower house .  the new prime minister promised to fight against poverty , create job .
 hope solo pleads not guilty to assault charges <sec> hope solo enters not-guilty plea in washington court monday , released without bail .  star goalkeeper was arrested on domestic violence charges , accused of assaulting relatives .  the two-time gold-medal winner says through attorney she did nothing wron .
 this is where africa 's multimillionaires live <sec> the city with most multimillionaires in africa is johannesburg .  however a crop of new pretenders have been expanding their millionaire coun .
 america divided on death penalty , troy davis <sec> many claim race played a major role in decision to refuse clemency for troy davis .  former president jimmy carter hopes execution prompts rejection of death penalty .  ann coulter writes article headlined , `` cop killer is media 's latest baby seal '' .  european nations call on u.s. to abolish capital punishment `` to protect human dignity .
 blatter tips henry kissinger for role on fifa 'solutions committee ' <sec> fifa president sepp blatter lines up henry kissinger for reform role .  former u.s. secretary of state could help clean up soccer 's world governing body .  blatter was re-elected to serve a fourth term as president on wednesday .  fifa has been rocked by corruption allegations in recent week .
 americans held in haiti to have court hearing monday , u.s. says <sec> ten americans held in haiti , accused of illegally trying to take 33 children out of the country .  they were detained friday as they tried to take children across border into dominican republic .  the missionaries say they were just trying to help the children start a new life .  but haiti 's prime minister said sunday the group was kidnapping the childre .
 south african troops headed to embattled central african republic <sec> south africa 's president orders the deployment of 400 troops to the central african republic .  the directive says the south african troops help build up the central african nation 's military .  rebels began fighting last month , claiming car 's president reneged on a peace deal .  president bozize has called for international help , and peace talks are set for next wee .
 cnn student news transcript - may 11 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 willingham juror no longer sure of his guilt <sec> cameron todd willingham maintained his innocence up until his execution in 2004 .  dorenda brokofsky says new evidence makes her think she made wrong decision .  `` i do n't like the fact that i may have to face my god and explain what i did , '' she says .  3 inquiries have concluded that arson was not likely cause of death .
 what will happen to norway 's mass killer breivik ? <sec> breivik accused of killing 77 people in norway last summer in bomb and gun rampage .  potential sentence hinges on whether court finds breivik sane or insane at time of killings .  breivik 's trial will be partly televised and is expected to last up to 10 weeks .  expert : breivik could one day walk free after serving sentenc .
 letterman affairs spotlight sex , romance in the workplace <sec> water-cooler topic , workplace romance , stirred up by `` sextortion '' of david letterman .  author of new book says 8 million americans a year hook up at work .  calling it `` human nature , '' she says to think it wo n't happen is `` naiveté '' .  being honest , not working too closely and managing love on the job is key , she say .
 a helping hand for young breast cancer patients <sec> the pink daisy project supports breast cancer patients under 45 .  it was started in 2008 by debbie cantwell , a young breast cancer survivor .  cantwell said younger patients often find it harder to cope with the stress and lifestyle change .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2011 cnn heroe .
 bayern munich seal gustavo deal as transfer window opens <sec> bayern munich complete deal for hoffenheim 's brazilian defender luiz gustavo .  the german champions ' teenager david alaba will go to hoffenheim on loan .  inter milan sign young italy defender andrea ranocchia from serie a rivals genoa .  france defender adil rami has agreed to join valencia from ligue 1 leaders lill .
 color-coded threat system to be replaced in april <sec> homeland security secretary janet napolitano will make official announcement thursday .  the new system will focus on specific threats in geographical areas , a source says .  the current color-coded system was established in 2002 in wake of 9/11 attacks .  the system was often criticized as confusing by public and parodied by comic .
 iceland wants business to 'meet in the middle ' <sec> iceland is trying to attract more business travelers .  it is pitching itself as a halfway point between europe and the united states .  high-tech harpa is a state-of-the-art convention center .  famous blue lagoon springs is also set up for meetings and conference .
 ferguson an exception as '93 % of blacks are killed by other blacks , ' giuliani says <sec> rudy giuliani says the shooting in ferguson is not a reflection of race relations in national crime .  giuliani : `` white police officers would n't be there if you were n't killing each other 75 % of the time '' .  ex-new york mayor : focus should pivot toward reducing crime in black community .  michael eric dyson : those remarks `` reinforce [ a ] problematic perspective .
 pope pained by belgian child sex scandal <sec> new : `` the church is finished , '' victim says .  `` a new cause of pain for us , for the victims , '' vatican says .  belgian catholic church officials begin interviews tuesday .  the belgian church is setting up a center for abuse victim .
 does your social class determine your online social network ? <sec> a recent nielsen study finds class differences between online social networks .  wealthier people are more likely to use facebook ; the less affluent , myspace .  almost 38 percent of linkedin users earn more than $ 100,000 a year .  a researcher found that college students tended to self-segregate onlin .
 are african land grabs really water grabs ? <sec> large-scale land deals in africa can be seen as `` water grabs , write three researchers .  taking land for development often has implications for for local people 's water rights .  jennifer franco , lyla mehta and gert jan veldwisch ask : who has the right to the water in a river .
 desert plants and green diesel : meet the jet fuels of the future <sec> boeing announces three new aviation biofuel initiatives .  the u.s. airline maker says `` green diesel '' would emit 50 % less carbon dioxide than fossil fuel over its lifecycle .  in 2012 , air transport produced 689 million tons of carbon dioxide -- 2 % of the global tota .
 after risque images surface , mexican model 's candidacy sparks debate <sec> giselle arellano wanted to run for a post as a lawmaker for mexico 's national action party .  candidacy came under fire earlier this month after some accused her of working as an escort .  she says she worked as a model , but never as an escort .  arellano says she is `` not ashamed '' of a video showing her scantily cla .
 sony : pc game network was also hacked <sec> sony says its online-game services were also targeted in the hack .  this adds 24.6 million accounts to the 77 million that were already reported .  sony shut down the networks for `` everquest '' and `` dc universe online '' on monda .
 gold medal formula : mind over matter ? <sec> experts tell cnn how practice and dedication can future gold medal winners .  matthew syed , author of bounce , believes coaching and access to facilities are crucial .  mental coach andy barton says imagining success can also help an athlete .  barton says visualization can help athletes when it comes to top-level competitio .
 emelie forsberg : running 's sky queen with a sweet tooth <sec> emelie forsberg is a world and european champion in skyrunning .  the 27-year-old hails from sweden but now lives in chamonix .  she holds record for ascent and descent of several mountains , including mont blanc .  her partner is men 's world skyrunning champion kilian jorne .
 meet the girl who skis up mountains <sec> spanish ski mountaineer mireia miro won the world championship in 2011 .  miro covers around 200,000 meters of elevation every skiing season .  the 26-year-old cultivated love of mountains during summer holidays in pyrenees .  miro also competes in skyrunning and recently took up base jumpin .
 terrified westerners describe mumbai chaos <sec> new : hospital : british yachtsman among those killed in attack .  filmmaker describes fellow australian being shot point-blank in the head .  tennessee woman shot in arm and leg in mumbai attacks , her husband says .  witness : gunmen entered hotel lobby asking for anyone with u.s. or british passpor .
 did wikileaks pay bradley manning for information ? <sec> pfc . .  bradley manning may have said wikileaks paid him , according to legal document .  unidentified person at leavenworth prison says manning told him , says document .  the existence of the document was first reported by politic .
 flight returns to newark after engine problem <sec> plane returns safely to newark airport .  witnesses report fire in engine .  united flight was taking off for berlin .  fbi : piece of tire flew into boeing 757 engin .
 the 25 funniest tweets about the debate <sec> snarky commenters on twitter poked fun at the candidates during wednesday 's debate .  twitter users thought the debate was dull and moderator jim lehrer failed to control the two rivals .  making jokes on twitter about live events has become a popular pastime for som .
 chapel hill muslim victim felt blessed to be american <sec> deah shaddy barakat 's sister says the killings should be considered terrorism .  president obama says fbi is investigating the `` brutal and outrageous murders '' .  victim yusor mohammad said that in america , `` we 're all one .
 opinion : usa soccer : 'i believe ' <sec> adrian hanauer says the u.s. team was n't supposed to beat ghana at world cup but did .  he says victory filled with grit , determination , mental toughness -- perfectly america .  the u.s. team next faces portugal on sunda .
 hurricane ophelia grows to category 3 <sec> new : ophelia now has maximum sustained winds of 120 mph .  new : it is set to hit portions of bermuda late saturday , hurricane center predicts .  tropical storm philippe , meanwhile , is getting stronger in the eastern atlanti .
 australia 's prime minister comes out swinging in sexism row <sec> australian pm julia gillard hits out at opposition leader in parliament .  gillard was speaking out against a motion by tony abbott to sack parliament speaker .  peter slipper was accused of sending sexist and offensive text messages .  gillard condemned the texts but slammed abbott 's sexist behavior towards he .
 cnn student news transcript - january 6 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 paul revere 's time capsule unearthed in boston <sec> time capsule will be x-rayed on sunday before next steps are decided .  water leak led to unearthing of the nearly 220-year-old time capsule .  capsule was buried in 1795 by paul revere and sam adams .  its contents will be revealed next wee .
 analysis : pope 's message to muslims might prove risky <sec> pope benedict xvi in middle east , courting muslims , urging religious freedom .  allen : pope hopes christians and muslims will join forces to defend shared values .  allen : price for alliance is a `` greater capacity for pluralism '' within islam .  allen : pope 's relations with muslims have been rocky : can he pull it off .
 jose mourinho : should chelsea have got back with an ex ? <sec> jose mourinho watched his chelsea team lose 2-1 to basel on wednesday .  mourinho 's first spell as chelsea manager ended with a 1-1 draw at home to ronsenborg .  chelsea have been through a series of high-profile coaches since 2003 .  russian billionaire roman abramovich has bankrolled the club over the last decad .
 rape is a way of life for darfur 's women <sec> women and girls as young as four face rape on daily basis in darfur .  u.n. mission says rape now biggest issue facing troubled sudanese region .  aid workers says 100 percent of women in camps face gender-based abuse .  sudanese government says there is no rape in darfu .
 jackie chan theme park coming to china <sec> jackie chan museum due to open in shanghai this year .  jackie chan world park will contain five major themed areas and various cultural exhibition centers .  `` i wanted to buy everything when i was young , but now i want to donate whatever i have , '' said cha .
