 the unbearable lightness of the internet <sec> kristie lu stout : the internet dominates our workspace and owns our life space as well .  many americans spend at least eight hours a day staring at a computer or smartphone screen .  blogger paul miller decided on year-long self-imposed internet ban to reclaim his life .  `` i know i am most productive when i do n't have the internet on . .  i disconnect , '' he say .
 waterproof phones and tablets make a splash <sec> sony 's water-resistant xperia z smartphone and tablet have been hot items .  the two devices are the latest in emerging sleek , slim water-resistant gadgets .  the greater the consumer demand , the more likely this feature will go mainstrea .
 border crisis : gop falls into a trap ( opinion ) <sec> house votes for spending bill on border crisis and against reprieve program for `` dreamers '' .  ruben navarrette : democrats set a clever trap on immigration and gop fell into it .  he says republicans alienate latino voters by showing contempt for issues they care abou .
 urban rebirth : johannesburg shakes off crime-ridden past <sec> rising crime in the 1990s saw capital flight from johannesburg , south africa 's largest city .  companies relocated their offices , and parts of the city were a no-go area after dark .  but a wave of young entrepreneurs are bringing vibrancy back to the city cente .
 exclusive : al qaeda leader 's brother offers peace plan <sec> mohamed al-zawahiri puts forward plan to end muslim vs. west violence .  he is the brother of al qaeda leader ayman al-zawahiri .  he spent 14 years in an egyptian jail on terror charges that he denies .  plan calls for islamists and western nations to make change .
 storm 's 1-2-3 punch : frigid , snowy and icy <sec> new : for the first time in its 26-year history , a dallas holiday parade is canceled .  new : some schools in oklahoma , arkansas and tennessee will be closed friday .  an ice storm threatens the nation 's midsection from texas to ohio .  temperatures in the upper midwest are below zer .
 baby delivered prematurely from swine flu patient dies <sec> baby delivered 14 weeks prematurely from a mom battling swine flu has died .  the baby 's mother , who has been placed in a coma , remains in critical condition .  cdc sees `` worse complications , severe infections in pregnant women '' with this fl .
 opinion : gay marriage has n't won ( yet ... ) <sec> time magazine 's cover declares `` gay marriage already won '' .  john sutter says that assertion is premature for most of the country .  he says same-sex marriage is inevitable -- and that 's a great thing .  sutter : if the supreme court passes , it could be years before it 's national polic .
 singapore 's jewel changi : world 's most awesome airport ? <sec> jewel changi airport in singapore is expected to be completed by the end of 2018 .  the massive donut-like structure will be 10 stories , five above ground and five underground .  its 40-meter-high rain vortex will be the world 's tallest indoor waterfal .
 u.s. embassy warns of possible new year 's attack on bali <sec> u.s. embassy in jakarta , indonesia , warns of an indication of an attack on bali on new year 's eve .  embassy said warning initially came from bali governor .  terrorist groups have carried out repeated attacks on bali and elsewhere in indonesia since 200 .
 regina king 's biggest love lesson <sec> `` southland 's '' star regina king says motherhood taught her unconditional love .  king 's been a professional actress since her teens .  she 's afflicted with high blood pressure , the same disease that killed her siste .
 opinion : how mcdonald 's sends taxpayers the bill <sec> jack temple : fast-food companies shift costs of their low pay onto taxpayers .  temple : mcdonald 's tip line told worker , a mom , to apply for food stamps , medicaid .  low wages at 10 largest fast-food firms cost taxpayers $ 3.8 billion each year , he says .  temple : it would be a real value to all if fast food workers got higher wages and benefit .
 the lost golf balls of loch ness <sec> thousands of golf balls have been found at the bottom of loch ness .  golf balls found 300 yards from beach and 100 yards from the shore .  conservationists say the golf balls are not an environmental threa .
 liberals want obama to be a king , not a president <sec> dean obeidallah : a growing number of prominent liberals criticize president obama .  jackson browne , matt damon , john cusack are among the critics .  obeidallah says they gloss over the fact that obama needs congress to get things done .  he says critics seem to want a president with dictatorial power to impose his wil .
 which came first -- the word or the image ? <sec> any kind of print advertising should be treated as an art form .  harley davidson 's line `` build yours '' acts as a signature to the picture .  sony 's in-car speakers ad talks about the experience that comes with the soun .
 why obama 's black critics are wrong <sec> randall kennedy : some black voices have said obama is n't `` black enough '' .  he says many blacks who achieve success face similar charges .  kennedy says obama 's rank-and-file support in black community remains strong .  most realize that obama is confronting difficult issues , powerful forces , he say .
 eight men sentenced to death for coup plot in the gambia <sec> a judge has sentenced eight men to death for their part in a coup plot in the gambia .  the convicted men and their relatives wept as the judgment was read .  the men have 30 days to appea .
 review : 'the internship ' <sec> owen wilson and vince vaughn last teamed up in `` the wedding crashers '' .  `` the internship '' finds them vying for spots at google .  critic calls it a `` pleasant collection of mild laughs .
 gang rape victim fights back for girls ' education <sec> mukhtar mai was gang raped at the age of 28 on the orders of a tribal council .  she refused to kill herself , as was expected , and fought for justice and women 's rights .  mai is headline speaker at geneva summit for human rights and democrac .
 psychologist flagged sandusky as 'likely pedophile ' in 1998 report <sec> the assessment and a police report were released saturday by nbc news .  chambers : sandusky 's behavior displayed `` a likely pedophile 's pattern '' .  an attorney for an alleged victim suggests a `` conspiracy of silence '' .  penn state previously rebuffed a cnn request for a copy of the 1998 repor .
 12 of the best places to spend christmas <sec> visiting presepju , or nativity scenes , is an integral part of christmas in malta .  the arctic snow hotel in finland is made entirely of snow and ice , but equipped with saunas and hot tubs .  christmas is a year-round occasion in santa claus , indiana , a town of fewer than 3,000 resident .
 hundreds of navy fighter aircraft to be inspected for cracks <sec> 636 f/a-18 a through d model hornets being inspected for stress crack .  inspectors started looking at planes thursday and have found 15 with problem .  navy officials said there are no immediate plans to ground the plane .
 disobedient brats no martyrs for freedom <sec> ruben navarrette : students wore u.s. flag t-shirts after school said no flag shirts .  navarrette : was a taunt to latinos ; principal asked them to turn shirts inside-out or go home .  conservatives hypocritical , he writes , by touting students as martyrs for freedom .  he writes : they always say right of schools to maintain order trumps students ' speech right .
 dna test shows captor fathered girl , ohio ag 's office says <sec> new : `` it 's so upsetting , because he was so close , '' castro 's neighbor says .  dna tests confirm that the alleged captor is the father of 6-year-old , official says .  authorities board up his cleveland home to preserve the crime scene , police say .  castro is on suicide prevention in a 9-by-9 foot jail cell , spokesman say .
 somali rapper k'naan makes songs in the key of love <sec> k'naan is a rap star who 's achieved fame around the world with his africa-influenced songs .  he escaped war-torn somalia as a teenager to eventually settle in canada .  k'naan , whose name means 'traveler ' learned english by listening to rap records .  his song `` wavin ' flag '' was chosen as the official anthem for the 2010 fifa world cu .
 mellowcabs : south africa 's three-wheeler is in the lane <sec> mellowcab is a three-wheeled vehicle that the owner says is more efficient than traditional taxis .  south african entrepreneur neil du preez started working on the idea three years ago .  du preez want the cabs to be on the road in early 2015 .  after south africa du preez wants to expand to nigeria and the u.s .
 new al qaeda leader releases message to mark 9/11 <sec> ayman al-zawahiri , the new al qaeda leader , praises the arab spring in an audio address .  a video message from osama bin laden , recorded before his death , is also included .  the video is apparently one that was released by u.s. officials without audio in may .  it was seized from bin laden 's compound in abbottabad , pakista .
 store that sold gun used in sandy hook shooting loses license <sec> adam lanza 's mother bought a semiautomatic bushmaster rifle at riverview gun sales .  lanza used that gun to kill 20 children and 6 adults at sandy hook elementary school .  the connecticut gun store lost its license to sell guns six days after that mass shooting .  a detective suspects gun sales at the store were stopped due to poor record keepin .
 no survivors as russian jetliner crashes <sec> new : national transportation safety board to send team from u.s. to investigate .  new : crash likely caused by engine failure , investigator reported as saying .  boeing 737 en route to perm from moscow was operated by aeroflot nord .  officials have said there is no indication of terroris .
 nurse accused of reusing equipment ; patients warned <sec> over 1,800 patients received notification that could 've been exposed to diseases .  hospital said the nurse admitted to reusing disposable iv equipment .  notified patients are being urged to get tested for hepatitis b and c , hi .
 hundreds of bodies found in bosnia mass grave <sec> the bodies are thought to be those of victims of bosniak and croat ethnicity killed in 1992 .  excavation work began at the site in tomasica , in prijedor municipality , in september .  about 9,000 people are still missing after the conflict in the region two decades ag .
 australian open : venus williams refuses to blame health for early exit <sec> venus williams loses in the first round of the australian open .  former world no . .  1 loses 2-6 6-4 6-4 to russia 's ekaterina makarova .  australia 's sam stosur records a straight-forward win over klara zakopalova .  li na and ana ivanovic also safely into the second roun .
 can the geneva conventions stop the carnage in syria ? <sec> the red cross has determined that syria is in a state of civil war .  this means international humanitarian law applies wherever there is fighting .  the geneva conventions , overseen by the red cross , govern behavior in war zones .  they lay the legal groundwork for war crimes prosecution .
 first images of 'titanic of the golden gate ' shipwreck <sec> a 1901 san francisco bay shipwreck has been found .  ss city of rio de janeiro struck rocks and sank within minutes .  some 128 of 210 passengers were killed .  the government is using donated 3d technology to find shipwrecks in the are .
 do n't be afraid : even in winter alaska is inviting <sec> alaska photographer set out to document the frigid interior of the state in winter .  the most remote highway in united states and tallest mountain in north america were on his itinerary .  subjects included a captive herd of reindeer on the campus of the university of alaska , fairbank .
 almanac predicts bitterly cold winter for parts of u.s . <sec> the farmer 's almanac is out with its annual predictions for winter weather .  it says the great lakes region and midwest should expect bitterly cold weather .  east , west coasts should be more seasonable , but winter storms still likely .  looking for relief in the spring ? .  too bad -- it 's expected to be cool and rain .
 opinion : a chris christie prosecution would be political dynamite <sec> paul callan : prosecutors are loath to charge a powerful political figure .  he says it 's unlikely that chris christie left his fingerprints on the bridge issue .  the rule is that if you charge a powerful figure , you 'd better be able to win the case , he says .  callan : prosecutors will be wary of perception that they are on a political witch hun .
 oklahoma tornado : latest developments <sec> new : injured toll at 353 , governor says .  president obama to visit region sunday .  all residents of moore have now been accounted for , mayor says .  2,400 homes were damaged in moore and oklahoma cit .
 bill clinton to cities : act on climate <sec> summit of world 's largest cities meeting in seoul to discuss climate change .  ex-u.s. president clinton says cities must take lead with green policies .  initiative by cities began in 2005 in london .  u.n. to hold climate conference at end of year in denmar .
 end welfare for the wealthy <sec> tom coburn : it 's not necessary to raise taxes on the rich to pay for payroll tax cut .  instead , he says , end the annual $ 30 billion in tax break handouts to the rich and famous .  coburn : they get deductions for second homes , yachts , gambling losses , child care .  earmarks , deductions for millionaires amount to a tax hike on everyone else , he say .
 scott kelley , fugitive featured on 'the hunt , ' arrested <sec> scott kelley , stepfather accused of kidnapping , is arrested at the atlanta airport .  mother genevieve kelley 's trial is set to begin next month .  mary nunes ' father says he is `` overjoyed she is alive and back in the us .
 angelina jolie and brad pitt married <sec> the couple married in france over the weekend .  they are the parents of six children .  pitt and jolie have been together for almost a decad .
 bangladeshi dad on son 's arrest : 'we could n't believe our ears ' <sec> quazi mohammad ahsanullah : `` i do n't believe my son has any link to any terror groups '' .  federal authorities arrested quazi mohammad rezwanual ahsan nafis on wednesday .  they say he tried to detonate what he thought was a 1,000-pound bomb .  bangladeshi police on thursday started investigating whether nafis had any terror lin .
 zsa zsa gabor suffers 'massive blood clot , ' publicist says <sec> new : gabor 's left leg is `` swollen like hell , '' her husband says .  the actress was rushed to ronald reagan ucla medical center friday .  gabor , 93 , underwent hip replacement surgery last summe .
 virginia nuclear plant shut down by quake <sec> new : some electricity restored to nuclear power plant .  inspection shows no damage to spent fuel pool .  one of four backup generators failed at the north anna plant , the nrc says .  one nuclear plant shuts down ; 11 others declare `` unusual events '' after quak .
 adam west , burt ward promise return to batman and robin <sec> adam west and burt ward say they will reprise their batman and robin roles in an animated movie .  movie is due out in 2016 for the 1966 tv series ' 50th anniversar .
 di matteo sacked as west bromwich manager <sec> west bromwich albion have sacked manager roberto di matteo with immediate effect .  the italian loses his job following a run of results that has left them near the drop zone .  albion started the season well , winning at arsenal and drawing at manchester united .  but they have struggled recently and have picked up just three wins in 18 matche .
 robert duvall : francis ford coppola made my career <sec> actor robert duvall first worked with francis ford coppola 40 years ago .  he starred in oscar-winners `` the godfather , '' and `` the godfather : part ii '' .  immortalized `` i love the smell of napalm in the morning in `` apocalypse now '' .  duvall on coppola : `` a talented maniac . .  no , not a maniac , a talented , driven guy .
 death toll from tropical storm in philippines rising <sec> the country 's disaster council says the death toll is 927 .  the philippines red cross reports a death toll of 713 .  the storm affected more than 167,000 people , the council says .  the u.s. offers assistance to the philippine .
 trial of three al jazeera journalists in egypt adjourned until may <sec> the trial of three al jazeera journalists is adjourned until may .  prosecution presents video of sheep herding and meat consumption as part of its case .  an incredulous defense lawyer : `` put the sheep aside . .  ... .  this is a waste of time '' .  the egyptian government says the trio joined the muslim brotherhoo .
 airplane forced to turn back over atlantic <sec> airbus airplane forced to turn back to new york 90 minutes into flight to paris .  air france a380 turned back due to a `` minor incident , '' airline says .  airbus declines to specify what caused the plane to turn bac .
 hate crimes are a national problem <sec> a black man was killed in what prosecutors called a racially motivated attack in mississippi .  j. richard cohen : such incidents are n't just a southern problem , but they are national in scope .  he says america 's social fabric is fragile , and fault lines are defined by race and ethnicity .  cohen : it 's vital to invest in young generation and provide hope to counter power of hatre .
 six people arrested for party , theft from former nfl player 's home <sec> party was attended by 300 people , former nfl player says .  six suspected partiers are arrested on charges that include burglary .  one man is accused of being a ringleader of the party .  more arrests will occur , police sa .
 obama outlines case for re-election at first official campaign rally <sec> `` we will finish what we started , '' obama tells backers at a virginia rally .  the president began the day with an event in ohio , kicking off his re-election bid .  both ohio and virginia are considered crucial battleground states in the election .  romney is returning to ohio on monda .
 art exhibit sparks controversy with violent staged images of children <sec> exhibit `` in the playroom '' depicts young children re-enacting violent events .  photographer jonathan hobin says it reflects on modern events that affect children .  he says the exhibit is supposed to prompt dialogue about `` issues in our world '' .  the photos have drawn criticism from those who say it crosses an ethical lin .
 indonesia tax official sentenced to seven years for corruption <sec> gayus tambunan was also fined $ 30,000 .  he was found guilty of helping companies evade taxes .  his daring exploits amid corruption charges stunned the natio .
 space shuttle enterprise flies again <sec> new : `` this is going to be the largest nasa artifact north of baltimore , '' intrepid 's president says .  the shuttle is flown over various landmarks before landing in new york .  it will be housed at the intrepid sea , air and space museu .
 call for unity as racism divides english football <sec> reading 's jason roberts will refuse to wear an anti-racism groups t-shirt .  the striker 's move is a protest against a lack of action from the group kick it out .  former epl player vicent pericard questions roberts ' move and calls for unity .  kick it out and uefa both hosting anti-racism weeks designed to raise awarenes .
 father of missing n.h. girl says he 's waiting for her to 'come home ' <sec> celina cass , 11 , was last seen last monday night inside her home .  authorities have gotten over 400 leads , but still do n't know where she is .  her father says : `` whenever you want to come home ... daddy will be waiting .
 apple refreshes macs and ios , unveils itunes radio <sec> apple rolls out macbook airs with an `` all-day battery '' .  new mac pro will double performance of current most powerful pc , apple says .  new mobile operating system , itunes radio also introduced .  apple 's annual developers conference kicked off monday in san francisc .
 buckingham palace rocks in queen 's honor <sec> buckingham palace hosts a star-studded diamond jubilee concert in honor of the queen .  elton john , tom jones , paul mccartney among big names playing .  queen 's husband , prince philip , unable to attend after being checked into hospital .  queen uses laser beam to light last in a global sequence of 4,200 beacon .
 mexican legislator proposes 2-year marriage dissolution option <sec> legislator leonel luna wants to make it easier for couples to call it quits .  newlyweds would sign a two-year marriage contract , then decide whether to renew .  the law would apply only to mexico cit .
 ferguson streets were calm until bottles fly <sec> missing were the tear gas and rioters of previous nights .  civil rights leader al sharpton will give the eulogy at michael brown 's funeral .  `` justice will bring peace , i believe , '' michael brown 's mother tells nbc 's `` today '' .  supporters of embattled officer darren wilson have raised $ 25,000 and countin .
 ben ali : first leader toppled in arab spring <sec> ben ali is facing a tribunal in absentia for his alleged role in the killing of protesters .  in a statement released by his lawyer last june he said he was a victim of `` injustice '' .  ben ali trained as a soldier and became head of the defense ministry 's intelligence section .  middle-east and africa analyst dr claire spencer believes that ben ali became a victim of his own political blindnes .
