 apple , samsung both lose in south korean court <sec> a south korea court ruled that both apple and samsung violated each other 's patents .  samsung must pay $ 35,300 for infringing two apple patents for iphone and ipad .  apple was found to have infringed samsung 's wi-fi technology , and must pay $ 22,000 .  case comes as a jury decides a similar patent case in the u.s. with much higher stake .
 'serial killer ' claims fifth victim in south carolina <sec> man fatally shoots 5 people in less than a week near gaffney , south carolina .  `` under the fbi 's definition of a serial killer , yes , we have a serial killer , '' sheriff says .  100 investigators from north and south carolina working the case .  people urged to check on relatives , especially those who live alon .
 france 's president francois hollande visits ebola-stricken guinea <sec> french president francois hollande visits guinea to show his solidarity and support .  he 'll meet with guinea 's leaders and health workers involved in the fight against ebola .  france has built an ebola treatment center in guinea and is building two more .  guinea , sierra leone and liberia have been at the center of this ebola outbrea .
 exxon mobil promises to cover oil spill cleanup costs in arkansas <sec> between 3,500 and 5,000 barrels of heavy crude leaked from a ruptured pipeline .  no timeline yet for the cleanup around two dozen arkansas homes .  excavation of contaminated soil is under way , weather permittin .
 senior muslim brotherhood leader arrested in egypt <sec> mohamed el-beltagi arrested on suspicion of inciting violence , egyptian media report .  el-beltagi among many muslim brotherhood leaders arrested since president 's ouster .  el-beltagi 's daughter was killed during cairo sit-in crackdowns this mont .
 apartheid assassin granted parole <sec> eugene de kock had been sentenced to two life sentences , plus 212 years .  official granted parole , noting he cooperated with truth and reconciliation commissio .
 m23 rebels in eastern congo face u.n. deadline to hand in weapons <sec> rebels around the city of goma have until thursday afternoon to hand in their arms .  those who do n't will be considered an `` imminent threat , '' u.n. peacekeepers say .  it 's the first time the u.n. has said it will use troops to uphold a security zone in the area .  the region is beset by a long-running humanitarian crisis affecting millions of peopl .
 d.c. sniper 's execution met with grief , bitterness <sec> john allen muhammad is executed by the state of virginia on tuesday night .  survivor of one shooting victim said he had no sympathy for muhammad .  another said he had forgiven the killer because the bitterness would rot him otherwise .  sniper muhammad held d.c. area in grip of terror in 2002 , at least 10 kille .
 study : flight delays to get worse as economy improves <sec> major hub cities are bottleneck for air traffic , brookings institution study says .  frequent flier advises connecting through smaller cities when possible .  aviation expert says there 's plenty of room for streamlining existing system .  study 's authors advocate using high-speed rail to alleviate runway congestio .
 prince releasing two new albums this fall <sec> prince will release two albums on september 30 .  he 's already released a video for `` breakfast can wait '' .  he 's previewed music at new york city listening session .
 $ 900,000 monument to england 's football failure <sec> a monument to england 's football failure is set to go on auction in london .  maurizio cattelan 's sculpture chronicles every england defeat between 1874 and 1998 .  the black granite artwork is expected to fetch up to $ 900,00 .
 bill designating 'harvey milk day ' draws fire <sec> bill setting aside day of statewide significance for milk heading to governor .  schwarzenegger 's office receives 100,000 calls over bill on tuesday .  conservatives say vague bill might allow gay pride parades at schools .  bill 's sponsor says milk was `` unique '' figure who led a civil rights movemen .
 british shoppers lead world in fair trade <sec> the united kingdom is the world 's biggest market for fair trade produce .  sales of fair trade goods increased by 12 % from 2010 to 2011 .  the growth in fair trade is significant in a struggling retail sector .  awareness of fair trade principles in the uk is almost double that of europ .
 opinion : happy 80th , gloria steinem <sec> kathleen mccartney : gloria steinem changed rules on what it mean to be a woman .  in 70 's steinem co-founded ms. magazine to upend sexist status quo . .  mccartney was hooked .  steinem helped her find voice to seek posts reserved for males , resist 'policed ' gender roles .  mccartney : steinem 's work still resonant , necessary ; we do n't live in post-gendered worl .
 newt gingrich : u.s. lost cyberwar over sony ( opinion ) <sec> newt gingrich : the attack on sony was n't an amateur hack , but an act of war .  he says u.s. needs to do much more to respond when american companies are targeted .  u.s. needs to retaliate in a significant way , he say .
 hungary asks for help cleaning up sludge <sec> hungary asks european union for assistance in cleanup .  `` it is a huge tragedy for the whole country , '' a disaster official says .  officials think the ph level has dropped , but is still above neutral .  the sludge flowed from a aluminum plant reservoir that burst on monda .
 are obama , romney ignoring mexico 's drug war ? <sec> brutal drug war in mexico not mentioned in u.s. presidential debate .  seijas : mexicans often see u.s. election through trade , immigration prisms .  tens of thousands have died in drug-related violence in mexico since 200 .
 obama makes first trip to afghanistan <sec> sen. barack obama arrives in afghanistan for first stop of global tour .  obama 's visit comes as u.s. officials want to send more troops to region .  obama also expected to visit several countries in middle east , europ .
 mafia feels heat from feds , crime rivals <sec> mafia became entrenched because fbi chief j. edgar hoover ignored it in 1930s .  1970 rico statute , prosecutions weakened the mob in past two decades .  other organized crime groups spring up , but lack the mafia 's structure .  agents say old ways are gone , new breed seeks bigger score .
 rebel group advances in eastern congo , witnesses say , nearing regional capital <sec> the eastern part of congo has been embroiled in violence since 1994 .  rebels advance on the regional capital of goma , battling the congolese army and u.n. troops .  the u.n. security council condemns the latest attacks by rebels .  residents in goma are close to panic , a journalist there report .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> mme looks at whether the arab spring has opened the door for islamic finance .  economic fallout from the arab spring meant egypt was downgraded by ratings agency .  mme talks to hassan heikal , the ceo of egyptian bank , efg-herme .
 should the houston astrodome be saved ? <sec> the world 's first indoor stadium now sits unused .  the stadium was just listed on the national register of historic places .  a piece of modernist architecture , it served as a refuge for katrina victim .
 tibetan nun dies after setting herself ablaze <sec> group : tenzin wangmo called for religious freedom in tibet before setting herself alight .  tenzin is the ninth tibetan -- and first woman -- to commit self-immolation .  free tibet also reported that two tibetans were shot and wounded during a protest .  activists : acts reflect an increasingly repressive environment under beijing 's contro .
 no u.s. combat-related deaths in iraq in december <sec> new : casualties decreasing among iraqis with civilian death toll at its lowest in november .  december is first month with no u.s. combat deaths since war began .  `` that is a very significant milestone for us , '' top u.s. commander in iraq says .  4,373 americans have died in iraq since start of wa .
 incoming thai pm : case against thaksin and others to be reviewed <sec> incoming prime minister says case against her brother will be reviewed .  she says she will not encourage her brother to return to thailand to serve time .  former prime minister thaksin : `` i should not be part of the problems '' .  yingluck shinawatra 's party won at least 265 seats in the 500-seat parliamen .
 predicting mass killings impossible <sec> edward mulvey : the shooting of 26 innocent people in connecticut is horrific .  mulvey : we know that the shooter , adam lanza , was not evil personified .  he says it 's nearly impossible to identify a killer before a mass shooting .  mulvey : talking and helping those with mental disorders is best way to help the .
 '70s heartthrob david cassidy pleads no contest to dui <sec> former star of `` the partridge family '' ordered to serve a year of probation .  cassidy also had his license suspended for six month .
 elizabeth smart : 'i could n't be happier ' <sec> second half of smart 's interview airs tuesday on cnn 's `` anderson cooper 360 '' .  `` i 'm so much more than that girl that was kidnapped , '' smart tells cooper .  fear of kidnappers paralyzed the 14-year-old girl , preventing rescue .  `` privacy is one of the greatest gifts '' you can give a crime victim , smart say .
 voice of pinocchio , actor dick jones dead at 87 <sec> richard percy jones , known in film and tv as dick jones , was 87 .  disney studios named jones a `` disney legend '' .  `` at the time , pinocchio was just a job , '' jones said .  jones appeared in nearly 100 films and 200 tv show .
 scientists dig for lessons from past pandemics <sec> cdc 's national pandemic strategy rooted in lessons of past epidemics .  in four past pandemics , mild spring outbreak was followed by virulent fall sickness .  expert : if its true this time , could allow time to develop effective vaccin .
 tail of flight qz8501 recovered ; black boxes not found <sec> plane 's tail lifted to surface but the black boxes were not found .  investigator says location of pings `` not very far from the ( plane 's ) tail '' .  airasia flight qz8501 crashed december 28 into the java se .
 u.s. fires on libyan air defense targets <sec> new : tomahawk cruise missiles strike more than 20 targets .  new : they were fired from u.s. and british ships and submarines .  new : obama expects the u.s. portion of the military action to last just a few days , an official say .
 opinion : in mideast , obama knocks it out of the park <sec> frida ghitis : in middle east trip , obama , gave support , firmed up alliances , showed u.s. vision .  she says a surprise was his helping broker key netanyahu apology to turkish prime minister .  she says he expressed commitment to israel 's survival , a crucial message for region .  ghitis : west bank visit bolstered abbas ; in jordan , he raised syria issue . .  trip showed his swa .
 at least 6 dead in train derailment near paris , french official says <sec> new : at least six people were killed in the accident , france 's president says .  last four cars of train derailed , the railway company says .  france 's national railways company says the derailment was an accident .  the cause of the derailment is being investigated , minister say .
 16-foot python devours deer in florida <sec> python nearly 16 feet long devours deer whole .  reptile was killed near everglades national park .  scientists want to know more about the giant invasive specie .
 fbi agents interviewed bombing suspect in 2011 <sec> a foreign government told the fbi that tamerlan tsarnaev was a follower of radical islam .  fbi : agents interviewed him in 2011 at russia 's request .  ultimately , the fbi told the foreign government nothing was found .  mccaul : `` if he was on the radar , and they let him out of their sights , then that 's an issue .
 south africa denied as world cup carnival kicks off <sec> south africa draw 1-1 with mexico in opening game of the 2010 world cup .  south africa is the first african nation to host the 80-year-old tournament .  32 teams competing for glory ; brazil , spain considered favorites .  fan : `` the world cup is inside us . .  we are eating , sleeping and feeling it . .
 esther okade , 10-year-old math genius starts college <sec> esther okade is a 10-year-old british-nigerian student .  she recently enrolled at the open university in the uk .  already top of her class scoring 100 % in a recent exam .  took a-level exams , a british secondary school qualification , last yea .
 georgia town to residents : uphold the law -- uphold your pants <sec> the mayor of dublin , georgia , plans to sign an amendment to an indecent exposure ordinance .  the law would bar the wearing of low pants or skirts `` exposing the skin or undergarments '' .  dublin residents are divided on the new law .  violators , meanwhile , could be fined up to $ 20 .
 humanitarian effort begins in georgia <sec> almost 100,000 people displaced by warfare , says u.n. refugee agency .  relief agency : aid work is perilous because of `` continuing russian air raids . '' .  unhcr is starting an `` emergency airlift of relief supplies '' .  russian figures in n. ossetia show 30,000 people entered from s. osseti .
 regular flu has killed thousands since january <sec> swine flu getting focus , but so far it 's not deadly in united states .  since january , more than 13,000 have died of complications from seasonal flu .  worldwide annual death from the flu estimated between 250,000 and 500,000 .  about 9 out of 10 flu deaths are among people older than 6 .
 golfer hanson overcomes child trauma to win dutch event <sec> peter hanson wins european tour event despite concerns about the health of his son .  the one-year-old was being treated in a florida hospital for a potentially dangerous virus .  hanson holes a long eagle putt at the final hole to win dutch event by two shots .  it was the ryder cup player 's first victory this year and his fifth on the european tou .
 seattle man accused of sinking his own yacht <sec> insurance fraud charges were filed against seattle man accused of scuttling yacht .  brian lewis filed claim saying jubilee sank `` due to unknown causes '' .  inspection found hole was drilled into bottom of vessel .  lewis filed told authorities he sank yacht out of anger and frustratio .
 pope holds outdoor mass despite typhoon <sec> pope francis celebrates outdoor mass in stormy weather .  typhoon mekkhala could also make another mass , on sunday , a wet , windy service in manil .
 hacking the happiness molecule <sec> paul j. zak : i spent a decade trying understand why humans are usually moral .  his new book reports how brain chemical oxytocin motivates moral behaviors .  he also tests aristotle 's theory that practicing virtue made one happy .  the logical step was to see if i could hack the happiness molecule , he write .
 microsoft launches windows phone marketplace <sec> microsoft 's web-based windows phone marketplace goes live years after competitors ' .  version 7.5 update will roll out to existing windows phone owners slowly .  portal launches with over 30,000 apps in tow , an admirable enough numbe .
 two men in custody after manhunt following cop shooting <sec> vincent windell , 22 , and another man in custody for thursday 's shooting .  third suspect , identified as robert dattilo , 37 , fled into kentucky , still on run .  police say incident started when cops were ambushed responding to drug call .  both officers who were shot are listed in serious but stable conditio .
 mass slaying in georgia spa stemmed from domestic dispute , police say <sec> new : the dead includes a man , his two sisters and their husbands , police say .  new : police are working with the south korean consulate , police say .  new : man had been asked to leave the shop , but he returned later with a gu .
 denver : your best travel tips <sec> city park offers the best view of the city , says one cnn.com reader .  another suggests vine street pub and falling rock taphouse for great beer .  recreation areas outside the city offer many opportunities to enjoy the city 's natural settin .
 judge : 3 ex-penn state administrators will face trial <sec> penn state 's ex-president , 2 other former administrators will stand trial .  this is `` a tragic day for penn state university , to say the least , '' judge says .  they are accused of covering up sex abuse allegations against jerry sandusky .  they pleaded not guilty to perjury , obstruction , failure to report child abuse charge .
 tiffany jewelry ad features first same-sex couple <sec> tiffany & co. features same-sex couple in new ad campaign .  the 178-year-old jeweler joins growing list of brands using same-sex couples in ad .
 man detained in liberation newspaper shooting probe <sec> the suspect resembles a man who also attacked a french tv station .  but it has not been confirmed that he is the same attacker .  france 's president thanked police for making the arrest and preventing more violence .  the suspect allegedly shot a newspaper photographer in the ches .
 testimony in mladic trial opens with account of killings <sec> elvedin pasic was 13 when his family fled the advancing bosnian serb army .  ambushed , they ran into a minefield , he says .  he never saw his father again .  ratko mladic , former commander of the army , wipes his eyes during testimon .
 man charged over australian bush fires named <sec> court lifts ban on identifying man charged with starting deadly wildfire .  brendan sokaluk , 39 , did not appear in melbourne magistrates ' court .  order banning publishing of sokaluk 's address or image remains in plac .
 after chavez , a power vacuum <sec> carl meacham : with chavez 's death , venezuela faces difficult transition .  he says chavez helped reduce poverty , but at cost to economy as he mismanaged oil wealth .  he says now power vacuum pits opposition against chavez-picked vp ; military will be key .  meacham : chavez-backed regimes will feel impact ; other nations must urge fair election .
 bolivian officials : protesters ' claims about neglect are off base <sec> protesters in potosi have blocked the city off for two weeks .  at issue are investments in infrastructure and a boundary dispute .  protest leaders say that the only mediator they will accept is the president .  the government says it will not resort to force to end the siege in bolivi .
 abuse victims ' group names preferred picks for new pope <sec> new : all 115 cardinal-electors are now in the vatican .  group representing victims of abuse by priests names 3 people it wants to see as pope .  u.s. catholics say child sex abuse by priests is the biggest problem the church face .
 freak snowstorm blamed for at least 22 deaths <sec> new : 6 storm-related deaths in massachusetts .  new : 8 deaths in new jersey .  an estimated 831,000 cl & p customers lost power during saturday 's storm .  governor : 4 of the 8 connecticut deaths were from carbon monoxide poisonin .
 cnn student news - february 13 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 lufthansa ceo : germanwings copilot passed medical exams <sec> `` so all these safety nets ... have not worked in this case , '' lufthansa ceo tells cnn .  there 's clear indication co-pilot `` did n't want the captain to return , '' carsten spohr say .
 fan group calls on russian club zenit not to sign black players <sec> fan group states opposition to russian club zenit st petersburg signing black players .  group says `` we see the absence of black players at zenit as an important tradition '' .  zenit say they have been distinguished by their tolerant approach to diversity .  zenit spent millions on black players hulk and axel witsel back in septembe .
 ferguson security director wonders : 'how would i feel ? ' <sec> the man in charge of security in ferguson walks with protesters .  missouri highway patrol capt . .  ron johnson was tapped for the job thursday .  `` i 'm here to make sure they hear what i 'm talking about , '' johnson says friday .  state troopers took over security in ferguson after days of clashe .
 alan jackson , kid rock to kick off seaworld show amid controversy <sec> artists have fled from the calendar after cnn broadcast the documentary `` blackfish '' .  it raises questions about the safety and humaneness of keeping killer whales in captivity .  seaworld says the documentary ignores the park 's conservation efforts and researc .
 twin tornadoes tear through nebraska town ; 2 dead <sec> storms cause damage in madison , wisconsin , and nearby towns .  most of the town of pilger , nebraska , is wiped out by twin tornadoes .  two people , including a 5-year-old , died during the storms , authorities say .  there is a slight risk of severe weather across much of northern u.s. on tuesda .
