 president-elect 's train trip poses miles of security issues <sec> security experts say trip poses threats to buildings , bridges , tunnels along route .  environmental groups say terrorists could use chemical plants along route in attack .  former secret service agent says chemical detectors could be installed along route .  at inauguration , lone offenders pose greatest risk because of difficulty detecting the .
 what 's the deal with duty-free ? <sec> duty-free shopping is hit-or-miss for americans .  the best deals are on items labeled `` tax free '' and otherwise taxed heavily .  for countries in the eu , duty-free shops at airports and ports are also tax-fre .
 ebola : how to avoid quarantines ( opinion ) <sec> aileen marty : judge said maine nurse kaci hickox did n't need ebola quarantine .  but u.s. military says it will quarantine personnel coming from ebola-stricken areas .  marty says quarantine a plague-era practice , and modern science has better solution .  marty : it 's cheaper and safer to monitor those exposed with high-tech , wrist-sensor device .
 aerial imaging to be used in search for more long island remains <sec> 8 sets of confirmed human remains have been found in suffolk county .  more remains and a skull were found monday .  police have not confirmed that the newly found remains were of different people .  resident says it took police more than four months to question him as a potential witnes .
 'ready to die ' : father and sons leave germany to fight isis <sec> qassim shesho commands about 2,000 yazidi fighters on mount sinjar in iraq .  he and his sons , all iraq natives and german citizens , came after isis attacked yazidis .  `` i decided to defend sinjar , not to fight . .  they decided to fight , '' he says of isis .  shesho 's son yassir : `` if it comes to it , then i 'm ready to die here .
 reality star snooki 's lawyer enters 'not guilty ' plea <sec> `` jersey shore '' star did not attend wednesday 's hearing .  a court official expects her to appear in court on september 8 .  she says she is too pretty for jai .
 10 south african ministers resign with mbeki <sec> 10 s. african ministers , deputy president resign with president thabo mbeki .  replacement , anc deputy president kgalema motlanthe , sworn in thursday .  mbeki quit after court case collapsed against longtime rival jacob zum .
 david duchovny touts russian pride in beer ad <sec> david duchovny 's russian beer ad is released at an awkward time .  `` i found out that being russian , i 'd have many things to be proud of , '' he says in the video .  `` i grew up thinking i was russian only to find recently that i 've been ukrainian , '' he tweets .  duchovny and his manager did not immediately respond to cnn 's request for commen .
 buffalo bills founder ralph wilson dies <sec> new : andre reed calls wilson a father figure ; current player says he was a `` great man '' .  ralph wilson was a co-founder of the american football league .  he was inducted into the pro football hall of fame in 2009 .  bills ceo : `` we have lost our founder , our mentor , our friend .
 success in afghanistan ? not by 2011 <sec> michael semple says new crop of afghan taliban made bold by guns , jihad authority .  forces face this constant supply of fighters , he says , as well as kleptocratic government .  he says coin goals of forming government and security forces wo n't be reached by 2011 .  semple : making common cause with reasonable parts of insurgency key to succes .
 the chinese threat to sotheby 's and christie 's <sec> chinese auction house to hold first sale outside china .  move may pose a threat to sotheby 's and christie 's market dominance .  china 's art market has boomed in recent years .  chinese painters now outsell warhol and picasso at auctio .
 skull sparks human evolution controversy <sec> 1.8 million-year-old fossils are a `` snapshot in time , '' researcher says .  fossils call into question the classification of distinct species of ancient human relatives .  study authors argue there was one homo erectus lineage that left africa for eurasia .  other anthropologists do n't buy the argument but say skull is importan .
 paris : insider tips <sec> watch out for spikey-haired parisians getting all tecktonik -- the latest dance style .  get ahead , get a bike : the city 's cheap bike-hire scheme has proved a success .  marvel at the musée du louvre 's sumptuous metro stop .  get a taste of the exotic with a massage at the la grande mosquée 's own hamma .
 in mozambique : art from weapons and rubble <sec> mozambique witnessing surge in artistic expression .  artists make works from old weapons , abandoned site .
 zumba zooms to the top of the exercise world <sec> set to original-form music , zumba classes combine dancing and aerobics .  since 2003 , more than 20,000 instructors have been trained worldwide .  zumba adherents rave about its physical and psychological benefit .
 cnn student news - november 26 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 libyan rebels , gadhafi forces exchange fire ; 11 rebels wounded <sec> new : the african union calls for talks between rebels and the government .  a government spokesman reiterated gadhafi 's call for vengeance .  11 rebels wounded in exchange of fire at frontline .  the rebel-held city of misrata and the embattled city of dafniya were attacked saturda .
 and the world 's busiest airport is ... <sec> hartsfield-jackson in atlanta is again the world 's busiest passenger airport .  but chicago won the top spot in another key measurement .  hong kong kept the title of busiest cargo airpor .
 congo groups : 400 massacred on christmas day <sec> aid group and congolese government accuse rebels of massacring 400 civilians .  groups accuse ugandan-based lord 's resistance army rebels over deaths .  they blame rebels for attacking xmas day concert sponsored by churc .
 u.s. to shoot down satellite wednesday , official says <sec> new : first attempt expected to be wednesday night .  5,000-pound satellite malfunctioned right after launch in december 2006 .  it has a full tank of fuel and could dispense deadly fumes if it hits earth .  if satellite falls to earth , it could leave a cloud of fumes the size of 2 football field .
 nato to limit airstrikes in afghanistan <sec> nato to restrict airstrikes against civilian homes .  airstrikes wo n't be used where there 's concern about civilian presence , nato says .  the shift comes after a fatal strike last wee .
 kids ' lives are nightmares in unstable nations , unicef reports <sec> unicef : children are often victims of murder , kidnappings in war-torn nations .  report says 2,000 children a year are trafficked to the dominican republic .  more than 50 kids in haiti have been abducted since january .  in the central african republic , children are kidnapped and held for ranso .
 five reasons obama 's delay on immigration is political <sec> new : the white house says obama will act on immigration this year .  president obama changes his timing on unilateral immigration steps .  holding off now can help democrats in november elections .  obama says the summer child immigrant influx changed the politic .
 this congressman lived on the minimum wage <sec> rep. tim ryan of ohio took the minimum wage challenge .  his family of five lived off the minimum wage for one week .  some were critical of his efforts , saying it pales in comparison to what low-wage workers face .  obama and democrats have pushed to raise the minimum wag .
 tony stewart : raising smoke with a hard driving life <sec> drivers call stewart `` smoke '' because that 's what they see from his tires as takes turns .  bad boy antics , fights make stewart stand out among other nascar personalities .  stewart drove himself to the top of racing , starting at age 5 in a go cart .  he 's won 3 nascar championships and is co-owner of his racing tea .
 general : iran wo n't return u.s. drone it claims to have <sec> general : `` no one sends back the spying equipment and its information back '' .  iran says it downed an american drone on december 4 .  the pentagon says it lost contact with a drone and has not recovered it .  u.s. officials say it was part of an afghan missio .
 computer model shows perfect storm for obama <sec> professor creates computer model to judge economy 's effect on obama 's campaign .  model analyzes approval ratings , economic conditions and consumer confidence .  professor says best comparison for obama is to jimmy carter in 1980 .  one key difference between the two is that carter had lost support within his part .
 court to toss friendship nine 's sit-in convictions <sec> the members of the friendship nine were convicted of trespassing in 1961 for a lunch counter sit-in .  named for a south carolina college , the men opted for jail over paying fines to `` oppressors '' .  on wednesday , a judge is expected to vacate their convictions and sentence .
 the best songs inspired by the sea <sec> mainsail looks at what could feature on your seaside playlist .  this list includes hits from the beach boys to led zeppelin .  what are your favorite sea-inspired tunes ? .  tell us belo .
 donald cools off kaymer to land wgc match play crown <sec> luke donald wins wgc-accenture match play championship in arizona .  donald beats germany 's martin kaymer 3 & 2 in sunday 's final .  unexpected snowfall hits dove mountain course overnight .  matt kuchar beats bubba watson in third place playof .
 divorce by text message sparks bizarre legal battle in indonesia <sec> indonesian politician tries to divorce teen wife via text message .  husband claimed she was n't a virgin .  wife claims he falsified his marital status ; protesters want him to resign .  case draws outrage from advocates for women and children 's right .
 purported manifesto , video from norway terror suspect detail war plan <sec> new : passages in the document use the same wording as the unabomber 's manifesto .  new : the document also contains a link to an online video with the same title .  the author of the manifesto speculates about his possible arrest and trial .  the writer of the 1,500-page document identifies himself as anders breivi .
 indian prime minister looks set for second term <sec> new : victory looks certain for indian prime minister manmohan singh 's second term .  new : singh stands with sonia gandhi , head of congress party , to thank voters .  new : singh vows to maintain stability , invites support of secular parties .  hindu nationalist coalition bharatiya janata party concede .
 china 60 years on : from mao to today <sec> mao proved to be good at fighting but poor at governing .  mao pushed sweeping socio-economic initiatives , strident ideological campaigns .  his successor deng xiaoping embarks upon reforming the economy , opening china .  china gains world prominence via 20-year economic boom , but has consequence .
 benedict to expedite sainthood process for pope john paul ii <sec> pope expected to approve `` heroic virtues '' of john paul ii , declare him `` venerable '' .  two confirmed miracles must be attributed to john paul before he becomes saint .  usually , process begins five years after death , benedict oks early start for john pau .
 polls suggest congress might have waited too long on gun control <sec> public support for new gun measures has fallen dramatically since newtown massacre .  support spiked after elementary school shootings but has dropped by double digits since .  largest drop in support was among older americans and those who live in rural area .
 opinion : sex workers are victims <sec> filmmakers say their work documents the harm that prostitution does .  a canadian court recently struck down the remaining legal curbs on prostitution .  authors : do n't believe it 's a victimless crime ; force , fraud or coercion frequently used .  they say we need support systems for victims , ways to protect the vulnerabl .
 why 'dj hero 2 ' makes 'common ' sense <sec> game supports two turntables ; plastic microphone and more freestyle tricks .  common says that games like this can help introduce modern fans to classic artists .  mc says motion-sensing video games are making former arcade enthusiasts take notic .
 fraternity investigated over 'date rape ' drug claims <sec> tau kappa epsilon fraternity at university of wisconsin-milwaukee is investigated .  3 women and a man were hospitalized after consuming drinks at a party , police said .  woman `` sure some sort of drug or other intoxicant was given to her against her will .
 dutch consulate damaged in indonesia protests <sec> protesters break into dutch consolate compound in indonesian city of medan .  flag pulled down , gate ripped off embassy , dutch spokeswoman tells cnn .  protests prompted by a film juxtaposing images of terrorism with verses from quran .  filmmaker geert wilders is a conservative member of dutch parliamen .
 al qaeda issues message about september 11th <sec> to commemorate 9/11 , al qaeda 's leader issued new threats .  ayman al-zawahiri called on his followers to `` land a large strike '' .  he named the boston marathon bombings as an example .  drone strikes have weakened al qaeda in yeme .
 obama : yemen unrest wo n't halt drones - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama says sunday that u.s. continues to go after `` high-value targets inside yemen '' despite unrest .  he says u.s. drone strikes plus partnering with local government are the best approach in a bad situation .  in september , obama cited yemen as a model for his fight against isis terrorist .
 cnn student news - october 8 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 what 's henry cuellar 's problem with obama ? <sec> texas democrat henry cuellar has stridently criticized obama 's handling of the border crisis .  cuellar is seen as a moderate democrat who diverged from his party on some issues .  the son of migrant farm workers , cuellar 's district borders the rio grande valley .  he 's offering bipartisan legislation aimed at speeding up the deportation proces .
 syria speech : what 's next on obama 's to-do list <sec> obama stalled the plan of a military strike on syria .  he said he would give time for a diplomatic plan to work .  obama had called for action after allegations of chemical attacks in syri .
 less-stressed people may have lower dementia risk <sec> study : less-stressed older individuals had lower risk of developing dementia .  3.4 million americans age 71 and older have some form of dementia .  some people do not show symptoms of alzheimer 's but have patholog .
 how is the nobel peace prize winner decided ? <sec> alfred nobel determined who would decide winners in his will establishing prizes .  peace prize decided by five-person committee elected by norwegian parliament .  committee invites nominees from hundreds of qualified nominators .  nominees are then shortlisted and winner is decided by majority vot .
 luxuriating in 'old world ' vienna <sec> vienna is a city steeped in culture ; cnn world 's treasures selects the top cultural destinations for visitors .  home to mozart , sigmund freud and painter gustav klimt ; city is full of museums , galleries and concert halls .  visit secession and belvedere museums for art ; take in a world-class concert ; stroll around parks .  enjoy the city 's rich and mouth-watering dishes , and treat yourself to a strudel or tw .
 rolf harris convicted of abusing girls as young as 7 <sec> rolf harris is found guilty in a london court of 12 charges of sexual abuse .  84-year-old musician and artist painted portrait of queen for monarch 's 80th birthday in 2006 .  offenses harris committed against four women took place as far back as 1970 .  harris charged under operation yewtree investigating abuse allegations by public figure .
 melodifestivalen : sweden 's not-so-guilty eurovision pleasure <sec> sweden has a tradition of eurovision success , having won the contest four times .  it selects its entry each year through a televised national song contest called `` melodifestivalen '' .  the show is the highest rated program in swedish history , more popular than eurovision .  sweden 's 2012 entry , `` euphoria '' by loreen , was the bookies ' favorite to wi .
 reduce poverty by promoting schools , families <sec> william bennett : often forgotten in our national political discourse are the poor .  bennett : more government intervention may not solve the problem of poverty .  he says education , family values , earned success are the pillars of upward mobility .  bennett : the first step to alleviating poverty is to promote schools , families , churche .
 to pta or not to pta <sec> parents who over commit may be tempted to join too many pta committees .  some crave an active role in their kids ' lives but soon get overwhelmed .  one solution is to sign up for pta activities that allow you to interact with your chil .
 emma watson nude photo threat a hoax <sec> site urges shutting down of 4chan , where other stars ' nude photos appeared .  report had said someone was threatening to release nude photos of emma watson .  there is no evidence that such photos of the actress exist .  watson gave an impassioned speech about feminism at the u.n .
 the world 's hottest smartphones <sec> new smartphones are coming out in droves .  cnn looks at some of the hottest models on the marke .
 'breakfast club ' reunion at sxsw <sec> `` the breakfast club '' was released 30 years ago .  a remastered version of the film opens next week in more than 430 theaters nationwide .  some cast members held a reunion for a screening this week at sxs .
 english countryside weekend getaways <sec> the english countryside attracts peace-seeking urbanites .  hampshire county is a popular choice for wealthy londoners seeking retreats .  the british love of fountains , aviaries , pavilions has had a resurgence in the countr .
 wimbledon champion kvitova opens wta finals in istanbul <sec> wta championships begin in istanbul tuesday .  eight-strong tournament has three newcomers .  wimbledon champion petra kvitova opens proceedings against vera zvonareva .  maria sharapova the only member of the field to have won the tournamen .
 floodwaters carve deadly trail of destruction <sec> new : tunica casino reopens , days after over parking lot was under 4 feet of water .  flooding causes commute `` nightmare '' on u.s. highway .  louisiana 's jindal requests federal assistance for morganza flooding .  a 69-year-old vicksburg resident dies from drownin .
 majority oppose 'religious freedom ' laws - cnnpolitics.com <sec> most americans say businesses should not discriminate against same-sex weddings .  public opinion has shifted on the issue since last fall .  indiana passed and later changed its religious freedom law after public outcr .
 is bambi the female banksy ? <sec> bambi is a london-based , anonymous street artist regarded as the `` female banksy '' .  her fans include celebrities such as kanye west , and her work sells for tens of thousands of dollars .  some of her artworks are protected while others have been defaced with graffiti .  her broker says bambi is a central st. martins graduate in her mid 30s , but wo n't reveal any more detail .
 wal-mart to pay $ 2 million after employee 's death <sec> da makes deal with wal-mart in case of shopper stampede that killed employee .  retailer to pay $ 1.5m for community programs , $ 400k to people injured in the melee .  wal-mart not admitting any guilt or wrongdoing , says da in long island , new york .  retailer agrees to new crowd-management plan for post-thanksgiving rus .
 mcdonald 's on employee resources site : not lovin ' it <sec> mcresource line 's latest embarrassment : advice that fast food can be unhealthy .  mcdonald 's shuts down the site for `` maintenance '' .  in july , a mcresource budget-planning guide was ridiculed for being out of touch .  site has also advised employees on how much to tip a housekeeper or a pool cleane .
 going to school , instead of work <sec> purnima from nepal has just finished at the top of her class in secondary school .  room to read 's girls education program has helped more than 21,000 girls attend school .  purnima lives with her family in a room above the carpet factory where her older sister works .  in nepal , parents follow tradition of kamlari , selling daughters into indentured servitud .
 workers walk out of hong kong 's pccw <sec> an estimated 350 contract workers at pccw walk off the job for a half-day .  organizers say pccw has warned of salary cuts and job losses .  the company says no decision has been made .  pccw also says they have begun talks about a possible cut in contract rate .
