 yes , they still make 'em : apple refreshes ipods <sec> apple on wednesday unveils a new , upgraded line of ipods .  ipod touch mirrors upgrades on iphone 5 .  nano gets thinner , but with a bigger 2.5-inch touch screen .  overshadowed by iphone , ipad , ipods are still relevant , developers sa .
 tiger woods and president obama : golf 's most powerful pairing <sec> butch and claude harmon relive the day president obama played golf with tiger woods .  the pair enjoyed a round behind closed doors at the floridian resort in february .  butch was woods ' coach for nine years during which time he won eight major titles .  claude harmon snr . .  won the masters in 1948 and started golf coaching dynast .
 ntsb chief : 'there are 2 pilots in the cockpit for a reason ' <sec> victims visit crash site at sfo , following relatives of 2 chinese teens killed .  ntsb chief : the pilots made numerous adjustments in flight 's last few minutes .  automation is useful , but pilots must still monitor what 's happening , she adds .  cockpit crew did n't want to evacuate plane immediately after crash landin .
 mars rover set to zap rock , analyze chemicals <sec> rover 's chemcam was to zap small martian rock on saturday night .  it will analyze ionized gas to identify chemical elements .  curiosity landed in gale crater on august 6 ; scientists have been checking its system .
 russia cool to u.n. cease-fire draft <sec> new : french president nicolas sarkozy due in moscow tuesday for talks .  draft of u.n. resolution for cease-fire is lacking , russian diplomat says .  georgian president signs internationally brokered cease-fire proposal .  moscow says its military operations are peacekeepin .
 indictment : arms dealer offered weapons to kill americans <sec> viktor bout offered to sell surface-to-air missiles , rockets to farc .  arms dealer captured in thailand . .  u.s. seeks extradition .  u.s. says bout is an example of a new breed of organized crime leader .
 beijing gets taste of silicon valley with techcrunch <sec> more than 100 chinese startups attended beijing techcrunch this week .  organizers and participants say chinese startups face tough challenges .  fund-raising and counterfeits are big problems for chinese tech innovator .
 can smart home put your mind to rest ? <sec> the smart industry is making millions , with the u.s. market predicted to reach $ 7.8 million by 2019 .  however potential data misuse is still a concern for many users - google is already using the data of its users to make money .  smart home apps can potentially put users at risk , especially when multiple systems are under the command of a single devic .
 blind man beaten on philadelphia street , police video shows <sec> blind man randomly attacked in philadelphia neighborhood , police say .  suspect is shown kicking , stomping , punching the victim in video .  the victim suffered head and face injuries ; police seeking suspec .
 gunman identified in hollywood shooting <sec> new : police do n't know why man fired from street .  new : man who filmed , yelled at suspect may have prevented more injuries , police say .  police killed the gunman , tyler brehm , 26 .  christopher johns filmed the scene from his apartment windo .
 helicopter raised , victims identified after crash over hudson <sec> seven bodies pulled from water ; two others believed dead .  search stops sunday evening because of weather , will resume monday .  authorities investigating saturday 's collision of helicopter , plane over hudson river .  pilot on ground says he tried to warn helicopter before acciden .
 what 's next for the same-sex marriage debate ? <sec> same-sex marriage is legal in four states , mostly in new england .  activists across the country may push for ballot initiatives or legislation .  poll finds that attitudes on same-sex marriage are generationa .
 what i trade for love <sec> writer says brokering deals with your spouse is part of a lasting marriage .  she gives up her `` dream '' man for a man who loved and understood her .  he likes quiet life in london but wants her to continue to be woman he fell in love with .  she travels and sometimes lives elsewhere in the world while writin .
 facebook launches friend-tracking feature <sec> facebook 's nearby friends feature shares your general location with chosen friends .  the tracking tool is opt-in so people wo n't accidentally share their location by default .  nearby friends also has an option for sharing a user 's exact location on a ma .
 travolta , mourning son 's death , bypasses publicity for film <sec> john travolta releases statement on his web site about `` the taking of pelham 123 '' .  travolta , still mourning son 's death , praised colleagues for `` unselfish efforts '' .  travolta 's son jett died in january during family vacatio .
 salsa dancing draws tourists to cuba <sec> many european and asian visitors are traveling to cuba to improve their salsa technique .  licensed dance instructors offer lessons for about $ 5 an hour .  cuba 's culture ministry also offers salsa package tours .  because of u.s. travel restrictions , very few american tourists make it to cub .
 u.s. increasing military forces in jordan <sec> president obama notifies congress of the detachment of 700 troops .  the troops , with patriot missiles and jet fighters , are staying on after training exercises .  jordan 's government asked for the increased military presence , obama 's letter says .  civil war in neighboring syria is a threat to stability in jordan , a key u.s. all .
 charleston ireporter 's romanian adventure <sec> natalie montanaro volunteers for the u.s. peace corp in the rural community of brusturoasa .  she lives with a host family in the village and the peace corps pays her rent .  with no close supermarket montanaro relies heavily on the produce from her garde .
 suspect in hannah graham case linked to another case <sec> new : authorities check other unsolved cases for possible ties .  hannah graham , a student at the university of virginia , went missing last month .  police have jesse matthew in custody as a suspect in graham 's disappearance .  dna links the same suspect to 2009 case of morgan harrington , source say .
 fc copenhagen waits on champions league tie in ukraine <sec> fc copenhagen unsure if game against dnipro dnipropetrovsk will go ahead .  champions league match is in doubt due to current conflict in ukraine .  copenhagen currently unable to travel by plane or find insurance for tri .
 opinion : griffith , banderas and the collapse of lifetime marriage <sec> melanie griffith and antonio banderas are divorcing after 18 years of marriage .  pepper schwartz : hollywood marriages are tough to maintain , but so are normal ones .  she says lifetime marriage is turning into a crapshoot , especially for baby boomers .  schwartz : we have to aim high , have lots of fun , work hard at being loving to our spous .
 a new photography drone for drone newbies <sec> the plexidrone is a new ready-to-fly tool for aerial photographers .  software ensures the drones do n't break the law by adhering to faa regulations .  over the next few years , drones could become just another common consumer gadge .
 u.s. 'extremely concerned ' about taliban movements in pakistan <sec> new : pakistan situation `` rapidly deteriorating , '' says senior u.s. military official .  new : u.s. officials : any taliban withdrawal from pakistani territory likely meaningless .  new : fundamentalists hold large areas of the country , military officials say .  pakistan had reported taliban withdrawal from captured district 60 miles from capita .
 welfare fraud charges filed against lottery winner <sec> a michigan woman who took state benefits after a lottery win faces criminal charges .  amanda clayton , 25 , faces felony counts of welfare fraud .  new legislation signed last week blocks lottery winners from receiving state assistance .  `` i thought , maybe it was ok because i 'm not working , '' clayton sai .
 white house : no slight meant to nancy reagan on stem-cell issue <sec> former first lady nancy reagan is a strong supporter of stem-cell research .  mrs. reagan tells magazine : obama should have invited me to stem-cell bill signing .  she 's slated to attend the unveiling of a new statue of president reagan wednesday .  she witnesses signing of ronald reagan centennial commission legislatio .
 explosions rock syrian capital <sec> new : 22 people have died in violence across syria saturday , an opposition group says .  new : opposition activists describe aftermath of an attack in homs .  state media report between 24 and 27 deaths in damascus .  two booby-trapped cars exploded in crowded areas , a state news agency say .
 british airways , virgin cut fuel surcharge <sec> ba , virgin reduce fuel surcharges by as much as a third on long-haul flights .  ba : cut reflects reduction in oil prices and the airline 's fuel hedging policy .  flights of more than nine hours will cost £30-35 ( $ 46-54 ) les .
 romney , bush to meet in utah - cnnpolitics.com <sec> mitt romney and jeb bush are scheduled to meet this week in utah , a source says .  it 's the first time the two will meet since romney became more serious about another run for presiden .
 5 ways you can make chicago stronger <sec> chicago 's violent reputation is `` way overblown , '' police superintendent says .  organizations featured in the cnn series `` chicagoland '' strive to make city bette .
 working for all to get a chance at college ( opinion ) <sec> two university presidents say studies show college is worth what it costs .  michael crow , mark becker : benefits are n't spread equally through society .  white house is holding summit higher education leaders today .  11 u.s. universities in alliance are putting ideas to work , they sa .
 the plight of stepmoms on mother 's day <sec> mother 's day can be a struggle for stepmothers and their stepchildren .  author : `` no matter how hard i tried to get close to her , i felt like a distant relative '' .  only 20 % of stepchildren feel close to their stepmothers .  author started stepsforstepmothers.com to help other stepmothers talk out their issue .
 tour boat calls before crash went unanswered <sec> crew of tour boat said it made radio calls before collision .  the caribbean sea was towing barge that hit tour boat .  tour boat was anchored after mechanical problems .  two people died in last week 's collision in delaware rive .
 5 things we learned at tiff <sec> there was lots to learn at the toronto international film festival .  the brits have always been famed for their literary adaptations .  michael fassbender insisted he spent quality time in bed -- with his scrip .
 serena williams suffers worst loss in 16 years <sec> serena williams loses 6-0 6-2 to simona halep at the year-end championships .  it 's williams ' worst defeat since she lost 6-1 6-1 in oklahoma in 1998 .  the result adds to the inconsistent season for the 18-time grand slam winner .  halep leads the red group with a perfect 2-0 record while williams falls to 1- .
 waiting for the end of the world <sec> movies about end of the world particularly present in recent times .  professor : one reason could be faster social and technological change .  producer : people love adrenaline , and end-of-the-world scenarios provide it .  but `` end of the world '' is more likely a wake-up call for people to fix their lives , pastor say .
 source : carrie prejean 'sex tape ' spurred pageant settlement <sec> carrie prejean was dethroned as miss california usa and sued pageant .  source : `` extremely graphic '' home video involving prejean spurred suit settlement .  tmz managing editor says he got video during summer but was `` too racy '' to pos .
 effects of toxic smoke worry troops returning from iraq <sec> troops worry smoke from waste burn pits carries toxins .  plastics , food and medical waste from base among trash burned .  troops stationed at u.s. base call coughing caused by smoke `` iraqi crud '' .  pentagon says any harmful health affects from smoke are temporar .
 affidavits : anna nicole smith received many dangerous drugs <sec> new : doctors ' relationships with smith crossed professional lines , affidavits say .  investigator says anna nicole smith was `` drug seeker , '' court documents say .  former playboy model died of drug intoxication in 2007 .  pharmacist refused to fill one prescription , warned doctor , affidavit say .
 steve-o does take a leap off a san antonio bridge <sec> new : steve-o calls city officials `` irresponsible '' for not posting `` no diving '' signs along river .  city statutes forbid anyone jumping into or swimming in the san antonio river .  there is only four feet of water in the river , which steve-o says he did n't know about .  steve-o , the star of the tv show `` jackass , '' is known for his crazy stunt .
 taj mahal hotel chairman : we had warning <sec> taj had heightened security in response to warning , tata group chairman says .  increased measures would n't have stopped gunmen , ratan tata says .  tata surprised at level of planning , familiarity with hotel shown by attackers .  `` we 're indignant , but we 're not scared , '' tata says of nation 's resolv .
 boucher retirement `` huge loss '' to south africa says bacher <sec> former south african chief ali bacher pays tribute to mark boucher .  bacher says boucher 's enforced retirement will be a 'huge loss ' .  boucher set world records for dismissals by a wicketkeeper .  ab de villiers set to take place behind stumps against englan .
 can rio +20 solve world 's environmental problems ? <sec> more than 100 world leaders are expected at rio +20 , but president obama unlikely to show .  summit aims to reach a plan on how to sustain economic growth without destroying the planet .  difficulty in reaching a consensus among different vested interests could mean watered-down outcom .
 from busboy to ceo : david kong <sec> `` i started in the business being a busboy and dishwasher '' .  `` i believe in hard work , i believe in being dedicated to whatever you do '' .  `` we are not a coca cola .
 snapchat tweaks security after massive hack <sec> snapchat will let users opt out of `` find friends '' after last week 's hack .  hacker 's say they matched 4.6 million user names with phone numbers .  move was meant to urge snapchat to improve securit .
 secrets about the berlin wall revealed <sec> thousands of previously classified documents about the wall are released .  martin luther king jr. went to east berlin without a passport .  intelligence reports detail wall 's construction , protectio .
 militants grab u.s. military humvees in ambush <sec> convoy carrying military supplies , humanitarian aid attacked in pakistan .  two u.s. military humvees missing after the suspected taliban attack .  local tribal leaders to hold talks with militants to try to secure return of supplies .  three killed , 11 wounded in blast outside a stadium holding sports even .
 source : rediscovered videotapes show 9/11 suspect being questioned <sec> new : source says terror suspect has been considered mentally unstable .  tapes found in 2007 show ramzi bin al-shibh being questioned .  suspect 's lawyer says he did n't know the tapes existed .  bin al-shibh is one of five 9/11 suspects facing tria .
 five 'world 's largest ' roadside attractions <sec> world 's largest roadside attractions offer surprise and delight to travelers .  largest ball of twine in cawker city , kansas , began in 1953 .  freedom worship baptist church is home to world 's largest horseshoe crab .  expert : recognition is main reason people build world 's largest attraction .
 first hannah anderson tv interview : 'my mom raised me to be strong ' <sec> new : texts , letters with eventual abductor `` were n't anything bad , '' hannah anderson says .  `` in the beginning i was a victim , but ... .  i consider myself a survivor instead , '' she tells nbc .  it is her first television interview since her alleged abduction on august 4 .  since her return august 10 , a series of twists have emerged in the stor .
 priest embroiled in ivory smuggling controversy <sec> a quote in the national geographic article lands priest in ivory investigation .  monsignor critobal garcia allegedly gave tips on smuggling ivory .  garcia has been removed from his religious duties on a molestation allegatio .
 all in the ( political ) family <sec> a new generation from well-known political families will show up on the 2014 ballot .  from bush to carter to cheney to nunn , children and grandchildren are seeking office .  `` you grow up around a business , you learn the ropes early , '' cnn contributor says .  accessibility to fund-raising networks and tough skin among benefits to such candidate .
 incest dungeon teen wants to see ocean <sec> daughter of austrian incest victim reunited with family , expected to make full recovery .  kerstin fritzl , 19 , has spent her entire life in cellar .  the dungeon was uncovered after she was taken to hospital with illness .  josef fritzl , 73 , has allegedly confessed to incestuous relationship with teen 's mo .
 leroy neiman , whose brushstrokes captured motion , emotion of sports , dies <sec> leroy neiman is best known for his paintings of sports figures , especially boxers .  sylvester stallone tapped neiman to appear in four of his `` rocky '' movies .  his public persona was as almost as colorful as his artwor .
 creating jobs , infrastructure challenge india 's growth <sec> india 's economic growth will slow in 2009 , most economists project .  nation 's young population has shown willingness to go into accrue debt to spend .  infrastructure , corruption , health and education worries remain economic hurdles .  india faces political , social risk in 2009 , according to hong kong-based grou .
 obama signs bill to grant nigerian student u.s. permanent residency <sec> victor chukwueke 's visa expires after he comes to the u.s. for treatment of face tumors .  he plans to attend an ohio medical school that requires him to have a green card .  a michigan senator introduces a private bill to grant him a green card .  in a rare act , congress passes the bill this mont .
 hospital nurse found dead after taking prank call on catherine <sec> media chief : dj pranksters are `` shattered , '' off the job until `` further notice '' .  nurse had husband , 2 children ; family is 'deeply saddened by the loss ' .  prince william and catherine 's prayers are with the nurse 's family , the palace says .  the woman who died is the nurse who first took the hoax call , the hospital say .
 doctors and patients should talk more , test less <sec> about $ 700 billion of our $ 2 trillion annual health spending is considered wasteful medicine .  kevin pho : a new guideline lists 45 tests and procedures that are performed too often .  he says implementing the recommendations will not be easy for doctors and patients .  pho : doctors and their patients need to talk more about what options are truly necessar .
 a step-by-step guide on the pope 's inauguration <sec> pope francis starts at the residence where he was for the conclave .  he travels to st. peter 's square .  the mass will be held in the square , but he goes inside the basilica for some ceremonies .  the outdoor mass begins afterward and is the mass of st. josep .
 u.n. security council signs off on 12,600 peacekeepers for mali <sec> a u.n. security council calls for peacekeepers to takeover in july .  the force will including 6,000 troops from chad and other west african nations .  `` we know it 's going to be a fairly volatile environment , '' a u.n. official say .
 bruce lee exhibition in hong kong <sec> hong kong heritage museum to launch a five-year exhibition on bruce lee .  the exhibition `` bruce lee : kung fu . .  art . .  life '' showcases more than 600 artifacts .  lee 's famous yellow tracksuits , film set recreations and personal notebooks will be feature .
 san diego : the new super-yacht capital ? <sec> a new super-yacht docking facility has recently opened in san diego .  the city has its own super-yacht association , and annual show .  san diego is becoming a rival to los angeles as a boating destinatio .
 australian panel to recommend changing constitution to recognize aborigines <sec> the diverse group includes aboriginal leaders and business executives .  the panel faces a daunting task -- changes by referendum rarely do well in australia .  only eight of 44 referendum proposals have passed in the country 's histor .
 new england patriots offer exchange for aaron hernandez jerseys <sec> the patriots are offering other players ' jerseys in exchange for hernandez 's .  the deal only applies to hernandez jerseys purchased through the patriots ' official store .  he is charged with murder in connection with the death of odin lloyd .  the former tight end is being held without bail in a 7-by-10-foot jail cel .
 national cemetery 's centuries-old 'arlington oak ' felled by irene <sec> the `` arlington oak '' was estimated to be 220 years old .  it shaded the area near the graves of kennedy family members .  john kennedy is said to have visited the area in 1963 and was taken with the view .  the arlington oak was part of that vie .
