 kimye forever : kim kardashian , kanye west get engaged <sec> the rapper rents out the san francisco giants ' stadium to propose , e ! .  says .  kardashian received a 15-carat engagement ring .  her previous marriage , to kris humphries , lasted 72 day .
 feds start closing morganza spillway as mississippi ebbs <sec> the spillway was opened may 14 to head off flooding in southern louisiana .  the move diverted water down the atchafalaya river basin to the gulf of mexico .  three of the spillway 's 17 opened bays had been closed by wednesda .
 mcconnell : shutdowns are a 'failed policy ' <sec> mitch mcconnell says shutdowns are `` failed policy '' .  election foe in ky. says he would allow them to occur .  mcconnell hopes to become senate majority leade .
 review : demi lovato 's 'unbroken ' <sec> `` unbroken '' is demi lovato 's first release since checking out of rehab .  she 's front-loaded `` unbroken '' with r & b , shy love-in-this-club tracks and timbaland bangers .  ''i 'm singing about some issues that i 've never even spoken about before , '' she sai .
 john oliver : shaking the addiction to pettiness <sec> `` the daily show 's '' john oliver discusses america 's debt crisis .  the comedian gives the tea party credit for drawing attention to the $ 14.3 trillion debt .  he also throws some punches at the media for the way it covered the crisi .
 opinion : will hillary `` dead broke '' comment affect 2016 ? <sec> julian zelizer : hillary clinton 's comment about being `` dead broke '' landed with a thud .  he says gaffes tend to drive a lot of media coverage of politicians .  vast majority of gaffes do n't have a significant lasting impact , he says .  zelizer : when gaffes do matter , it 's because they reinforce perceptions of candidate 's flaw .
 mother seeks girl 's womb removal <sec> mother seeks to have womb of severely disabled daughter , 15 , removed .  briton wants to prevent cerebral palsy sufferer feeling pain of menstruation .  uk doctors seek legal advice to see if they can perform hysterectomy .  charity for disabled says move could infringe human right .
 police : missing california family may have disappeared intentionally <sec> joseph and summer mcstay and their children have been missing since february 4 .  apparent inactivity of cards and cellphones still troubles police , loved ones .  surveillance video shows a family of 4 `` casually '' crossing border into mexico .  joseph mcstay 's brother says he will be handing out fliers at border crossin .
 minneapolis police officer 'doing well ' after shooting <sec> police official says detectives are investigating to see if there is link between burglary and shooting .  wounded police officer is in fair condition and `` doing well , '' assistant chief says .  minneapolis officer `` just happened to be the one who was there , '' police chief say .
 nor'easter brings record rain to new york <sec> the rainfall records for december 9 fell at several new york measuring spots .  new york gov . .  andrew cuomo warns potential drivers to check conditions first .  the west coast braces for another storm on wednesday that will bring a lot of rai .
 both presidential candidates claim victory in egypt <sec> new : report of mubarak 's death overshadows tahrir square protest .  new : `` he is not clinically dead as reported , but his health is deteriorating and he is in critical condition , '' a general says .  `` very important couple of days for the egyptians to get it right , '' the state department says .  former u.s. president jimmy carter is `` deeply troubled by the undemocratic turn .
 vegas entertainer danny gans dies at 52 <sec> new : `` one show [ vegas visitors ] had to see was danny gans , '' said robin leach .  danny gans was las vegas singer-impressionist-comedian .  gans was named vegas `` entertainer of the year '' 11 times .  gans had own theater at mirage , later moved to encor .
 detained u.s. hiker could be freed as early as monday <sec> `` everything is in place for the release , '' her lawyer says .  shourd has health problems , the attorney says .  she is one of three american hikers held in iran for more than a year and accused of spyin .
 bill clinton : how we can work together to create a stronger world <sec> bill clinton : this has been a month of challenges , from hurricanes to wall street .  he says he created his global initiative to get leaders to commit to philanthropic work .  cgi is expanding its efforts to asia as the region grows , clinton say .
 does facebook user pray for obama 's death ? <sec> obama , others subject of snide `` prayer '' that seemingly calls for their deaths .  facebook page has received more than 600,000 `` thumbs-up '' messages of approval .  facebook says page does n't violate company 's content policie .
 student sues barneys department store , nypd , alleges racial profiling <sec> `` barneys new york has zero tolerance for any form of discrimination , '' company says .  college of technology student bought a belt at the department store , attorney says .  he says two undercover officers stopped him , accused him of using a fraudulent card .  he was handcuffed , taken to a police station and held for two hours , attorney say .
 ronaldo stars before seeing red in bernabeu <sec> real madrid beat malaga 2-0 in the bernabeu to cut barcelona 's lead to five points .  cristiano ronaldo scores both goals but is sent off in the second half .  third-placed valencia held goalless by tenerif .
 portrait of a self-taught artist and the sea <sec> guy harvey has dedicated his adult life to the study and preservation of marine life .  self-taught artist inspired by ernest hemmingway 's story `` the old man and the sea '' .  set up guy harvey research institute in 1999 to further scientific knowledge of fis .
 beyond the catwalk : meet the new generation of 'modelpreneurs ' <sec> gisele bundchen tops forbes list of richest models , earning $ 42m in a year .  marks rise of the `` modelpreneur '' -- models who have launched lucrative businesses .  models estimated to earn just 10 % from catwalk , majority made in endorsements .  helps guarantee career longevity once looks fad .
 gop resistance to anti-tax pledge grows <sec> grover norquist says lawmaker `` tried to weasel out '' of anti-tax pledge .  more republicans call for increased tax revenue in a deficit deal .  president obama and congress are trying to work out an agreement .  without a deal , the nation faces the so-called `` fiscal cliff '' come januar .
 as it turns out , you can go home again <sec> newspaper writer robin davis left ohio for california to chase her dreams .  on visits home to her dying father , she realized she wanted to move back .  the move proved more difficult -- and more rewarding -- than she anticipated .  where is home for you and where do you want to return to visit or stay ? .  share via ireport .
 sergey brin : smartphones are 'emasculating ' <sec> sergey brin : google glass will help fight the habit of compulsive smartphone checking .  brin : `` you 're actually socially isolating yourself with your phone ... it 's kind of emasculating '' .  the google co-founder made a surprise appearance at the ted conference wednesday .  google glass is a wearable headset that displays real-time info from the we .
 court temporarily blocks california same-sex couples from marrying <sec> california 's proposition 8 defines marriage as only between one man and one woman .  on august 4 , a federal judge ruled that prop 8 violates federal civil rights laws .  monday 's appeals court ruling sets aside that ruling pending further hearings .  arguments will now be held before the appeals court in early decembe .
 gop good for women ? please <sec> ilyse hogue says the gop tried hard at convention to show they are on women 's side .  she says a look at romney-ryan positions and gop platform show otherwise .  she says both would prevent abortion even in rape or incest , would cut nutrition aid .  hogue : romney still refuses to support the lilly ledbetter pay check fairness act .
 u.s. air marshal may have left ammo , magazines in hotel air duct <sec> indian officials first questioned italians who had been last to stay in room .  indian officials did not confirm air marshal was suspect .  u.s. officials said they were working with indians on inciden .
 sandy wreaks havoc on nyc art <sec> one gallery owner anticipates losses to the art world in the `` hundreds of millions '' .  `` chelsea is the center of america for contemporary art , '' another says .  flooding from the hudson river quickly filled basements and street-level facilities .  sculptor says he and thousands of pounds of metal were knocked down by the surg .
 uk police arrest 2 women on syria terror charges <sec> two women have been arrested in walsall , north of birmingham , police say .  one is suspected of preparing for acts of terrorism and the other of failing to disclose informatio .
 icon of katrina grief gets unprecedented makeover <sec> katrina ripped roof of nfl superdome stadium as people sought shelter inside .  superdome restoration largest stadium project of its kind in u.s. history .  72,000 stadium seats were damaged ; all but 20,000 seats were saved .  after stadium re-opened , nfl 's saints won their first game and later , the super bow .
 same-sex couples marry in michigan shortly before court halts licenses <sec> woman married in michigan says she expected the stay .  gay , lesbian couples marry for the first time in michigan .  ingham county issue such licenses for 57 couples , its clerk says .  appeals court temporarily stays the decision to end same-sex marriage ba .
 icrc president , syrian leaders to meet <sec> the icrc president will meet with bashar al-assad and others .  protests have erupted across the country for nearly six months .  at least two people died in idlib province saturday , activists sai .
 senate rejects bid to open debate on repeal of 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' <sec> new : obama says he is `` extremely disappointed '' .  senators say they will propose a separate repeal measure .  democratic push fails to win the 60 votes necessary to pass .  senate democratic leader holds the vote without an agreement with republican .
 nelson mandela : how a uk pop song helped free icon <sec> `` free nelson mandela , '' by the special aka raised awareness of the jailed anc figurehead .  songwriter jerry dammers said it had a message that situation could be resolved .  it was performed at 1988 concert in london that increased pressure on south afric .
 teacher loses 120 pounds , drops seven dress sizes <sec> teacher tracey wygal was morbidly obese when she weighed 295 pounds .  a doctor prescribed a 1,600-calorie-a-day diet and exercise .  wygal started eating clean , keeping a food diary and working out at home .  eventually she joined a gym , hired a personal trainer and lost 120 pound .
 new jersey mayor demands safety view of gun bidders <sec> new jersey mayor demands gun safety views of gun manufacturers .  questions posed to firms bidding to sell guns to jersey city police .  mayor hopes the initiative will shed light public responsibility of gun manufacturer .
 obama , put a woman in charge of fcc <sec> jane fonda , glora steinem , robin morgan : obama short on women appointees .  they say women helped him win , he must show he sees them as leaders , not just voters .  they say media companies shape attitudes . .  he should name women to head fcc , ftc .  writers : media is run largely by men . .  time to close the gender gap in u.s. media leadershi .
 police : 'people of interest ' identified in uk girl 's '07 disappearance <sec> police identify a number of `` people of interest '' in the disappearance of madeleine mccann .  the british girl vanished during a 2007 family vacation on the algarve coast of portugal .  uk police set up a review in 2011 in an attempt to find out what happened to the toddle .
 from dubai to kyoto : how to see in the new year in style <sec> cnn has highlighted 10 top destinations in which to welcome 2013 .  popular musicians psy , taylor swift and simple minds are booked to perform at events around the globe .  revelers in hong kong , sydney and dubai will be treated to spectacular firework display .
 florida lt. gov . jennifer carroll resigns amid probe of company she consulted for <sec> carroll was questioned about her work with allied veterans of the world .  57 people were arrested for alleged racketeering in connection with the company .  carroll was the first african-american elected to florida statewide offic .
 former rwandan governor convicted of genocide <sec> tharcisse renzaho guilty of genocide , crimes against humanity , war crimes .  3rd genocide judgment this year by international criminal tribunal for rwanda .  renzaho governor of kigali in 1994 during the country 's genocide .  court : renzaho ordered roadblocks to identify tutsi civilians to be execute .
 fawzi al-odah released from guantanamo after 12 years <sec> pakistani border guards captured fawzi al-odah in late 2001 .  he says he 'd gone to afghanistan to teach the quran to children .  the u.s. government says he went to join the taliban , ties him to al qaeda .  al-odah has been released to the government of kuwait , the pentagon say .
 from japan to the u.s. , china embarks on a bolder foreign policy <sec> china is busy designing and implementing a bolder foreign policy .  move comes in light of an anticipated u.s. decline .  xi jinping effectively ending the traditional chinese policy of non-intervention .  likely to see an even more self-confident foreign policy as xi continues his decade of rul .
 modern fathers face new expectations <sec> the face of fatherhood is changing from strong and silent to flexible and supportive .  mothers are still the icons of home and family , if mother 's day spending is an indication .  fathers are taking on more and more household responsibility , according to studies .  those who advocate for fathers say societal shifts demand a new model of fatherhoo .
 salt cave offers saline solution to sinus problems <sec> a salt cave clinic in london says it can treat respiratory illnesses like asthma .  treatment is based on a room recreating the conditions of siberian salt mines .  the process is called salt therapy , also known as halotherap .
 south korea and japan put military intelligence pact on hold after outcry <sec> the planned treaty has revived memories of japan 's occupation of korea .  the south korean government says it wants to consult with lawmakers .  the two countries were meant to sign the deal in tokyo on friday .  the accord is intended to allow the sharing of classified military informatio .
 boater found ; nfl players still missing , coast guard says <sec> search for missing men narrows after one found clinging to overturned boat .  man rescued off florida coast identified as nick schuyler .  schuyler said boat flipped over saturday during a storm , coast guard said .  nfl 's corey smith and marquis cooper and a third man remain missin .
 why qatar 's intervention wo n't help end the gaza crisis <sec> egypt and qatar have leverage over hamas , writes sultan sooud al qassemi .  al qassemi : neither country is fit to be an exclusive mediator in this situation .  qatar 's overall strategy with the muslim brotherhood has failed miserably , he writes .  some in egypt consider qatar 's increasingly close ties with turkey a liability , he say .
 ferguson protests a good start ( opinion ) <sec> eric liu : protests over ferguson are promising , but also insufficient . .  everyone , left or right , must learn how to read and to write power : liu .  liu : rosa parks understood her choice to be part of a larger stor .
 second suspect arrested in wwii vet 's beating death <sec> the two 16-year-olds are charged as adults , a spokeswoman says .  several others with suspect accused of `` rendering criminal assistance '' .  wwii vet delbert belton tried to fight off his teenage attackers , police chief says .  police say the incident was a botched robbery and race was not a motiv .
 south korea rejoices as kim wins women 's figure skating <sec> kim yu-na wins by large margin over competitors .  kim : `` i have been dreaming about this moment '' .  japan 's mao asada takes second , canada 's joannie rochette wins bronze .  kim coach : `` she embraced the entire olympic experience .
 missing body parts of famous people <sec> out of curiosity , war or science , body parts kept from final grave .  napoleon 's penis allegedly in hands of u.s. doctor .  saint francis xavier 's hands spread from asia to europe .  gen. stonewall jackson 's body buried in two virginia town .
 psychiatrist : petit killer has attempted suicide several times <sec> new : steven hayes wanted to `` look like a monster '' to the jury .  doctor testifies hayes said he wants to be executed .  he says hayes has been diagnosed with major depression .  hayes was convicted of capital murder in the 2007 home invasio .
 rocket attack in pakistan leaves 4 dead , police say <sec> 3 civilians and a police officer were killed wednesday in a rocket attack .  police say the attack injured an additional 15 people .  quetta is balochistan 's provincial capita .
 a texas mayor , a mural and a mexican stereotype <sec> ruben navarrette jr. : san antonio mayor among most prominent latino officals .  he says julian castro struggles with controversy over planned mural showing sleeping mexican .  navarrette says castro sees mural image as historic , not currently resonant .  navarrette : image is offensive , but it 's time to let this one go in today 's booming san antoni .
 gop slams obama stimulus as ineffective <sec> new : gop says white house is exaggerating effectiveness of stimulus .  office of management and budget : each federal dollar helps ease economic pain .  obama clarifies biden 's comments that they `` misread '' the economy .  some house democrats kicking around the idea of a second stimulu .
 senate gop pledges to block all bills until tax dispute resolved <sec> house will vote thursday on extending cuts for those making $ 250,000 or less .  republicans promise to block legislative progress until tax , spending issues resolved .  the bush-era tax cuts are scheduled to expire december 31 .  democrats are trying to pass a range of priorities in the lame duck sessio .
 opinion : does our government trust us ? <sec> dean obeidallah : why does it take edward snowden to reveal actions of our government ? .  obeidallah : programs that violate our constitution , laws and principles break down society .  he says government should be able to withhold information in certain risky situations .  obeidallah : trust us and be more transparent , or inspire more snowdens and manning .
 mount everest avalanche : sherpa death toll rises in nepal <sec> sherpa : `` a big piece of ice suddenly came off the mountain '' .  no decision made on whether to go ahead with the climb , says trek organizer .  there are now 13 people confirmed dead and three missing , an official says .  this is the single deadliest accident on mount everest ; the deadliest year was 199 .
 nigerian vp chosen to take over for ailing president <sec> nigeria 's president has been in saudi arabia for medical care since november .  house and senate vote to make vp acting president ; executive council must also ok .  president told bbc last month his health was improving and he planned to go home soon .  nigerian officials had argued over procedure to let vp serve as acting presiden .
 what would an islamist egypt mean ? <sec> islamist parties in egypt swept the popular vote in the latest round of parliamentary elections .  frida ghitis asks whether the international community should worry .  some of the islamists are still trying to sort out where they stand on many issues .  ghitis : u.s. can help shape arab world by promoting democratic ideal .
 mississippi rejects abortion amendment ; ohio repeals anti-union law <sec> two ballot measures had national implications in an off-year election .  mississippi rejects amendment that would have defined life as beginning at conception .  ohio voters repeal law that limited public workers ' collective bargaining right .
 house gop pair bashes tsa on its 10th anniversary <sec> the transportation security administration is top heavy , rep. john mica says .  americans `` are no safer today '' than before 9/11 , rep. paul broun says .  tsa spokesman : the agency is `` safer , stronger , and more secure than it was .
 syria 's internally displaced languish in squalor at turkish border <sec> people fleeing the war endure filthy conditions in an impromptu syrian encampment .  thousands of syrians are being turned back at turkey 's border .  turkish facilities for syrian refugees are already overflowing .  official : turkey ca n't keep pace with al-assad 's violence against his own peopl .
 reports : 39 die in tehran passenger plane crash <sec> black boxes found as iran media outlets differ on death toll .  the plane crashed shortly after leaving the runway .  the crash also injured people on the ground , including employees at a glass factory .  some of those hurt suffered severe burn .
 'twilight : the musical ' : it 's happening <sec> twilight : the musical '' will make its off-broadway debut as a one-night-only staged reading .  proceeds will benefit the charity blessings in a backpack .  the musical originally premiered and was workshopped last year in new yor .
