 when your mate is your political enemy <sec> if you 're in a mixed political party marriage , this could be a tense time .  find common ground or avoid political battles over dinner table .  do n't hurl taunts or forward political e-mail rants from aunt phyllis .  choose classic movie over talk radio , perhaps take up cooking clas .
 man accused in norway terror attacks set to appear in court <sec> the suspect is set to appear in a norwegian court on monday .  investigators are still searching waters around utoya island for victims .  the man accused in norway 's twin terror attacks that killed at least 93 says he acted alone .  police are looking into a 1,500-page manifesto purportedly written by the suspec .
 review : 'crazy horse ' samples french eroticism <sec> in this loose-limbed documentary , fred wiseman is more like an impressionist painter .  `` crazy horse '' can be viewed as a series of nude studies .  the film dedicates most of its running time to rehearsal and performanc .
 iraq fm : u.n. sanctions need to end <sec> iraq 's fm says his country wo n't be fully independent until u.n. sanctions end .  iraq has paid `` billions of dollars '' under u.n. 's chapter 7 , foreign minister says .  `` intensive discussions '' held with security council members , minister say .
 saving thousands from 'crime against humanity ' <sec> anuradha koirala and her group , maiti nepal , have helped more than 12,000 escape sex slavery .  koirala was chosen as a top 10 cnn hero for her efforts in nepal .  koirala : `` we have to fight against this crime and protect the children from this .
 pope to meet with anglican leader amid rising tension <sec> pope benedict xvi , anglican head to meet , discuss ideologies .  vatican recently opened door to disillusioned anglicans wanting to join catholic church .  anglican church has welcomed ordination of women , openly gay clerg .
 11 ways to spend it : lithuania adopts euro <sec> in january 2015 lithuania became the 19th country to adopt the single european currency .  the former soviet nation is a vibrant mix of east and west europe .  attractions include the museum of ethno-cosmology and trakai island castl .
 world 's first h5n6 bird flu death reported in china <sec> china confirms first recorded human infection of h5n6 avian flu .  49-year-old man in sichuan died tuesday .  patient had history of exposure to poultry , health officials believe it was an isolated cas .
 asteroid zips by earth <sec> the asteroid misses earth by some 2 million miles .  it comes just about a year after an asteroid blew up over russia .  the space rock has an estimated diameter of three football field .
 nasa announces new homes for retiring space shuttles <sec> the shuttles discovery , endeavour and atlantis carry historic and economic value .  the fourth , the enterprise , was a test shuttle that never flew into space .  communities housing the shuttles are expected to enjoy a tourist boom .  april 12 is the 50th anniversary of the first human space flight and 30th of the first shuttle fligh .
 cnn student news - may 20 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 president : sierra leone 's 'blood diamonds ' in the past <sec> ernest koroma has been president of civil war-torn sierra leone since 2007 .  koroma seeks to rebuild his country through extensive economic and corruption reforms .  koroma believes africa should have a permanent seat on the un security counci .
 from 2013 to 1963 : looking back at a pivotal year <sec> kennedy 's assassination , martin luther king jr. 's `` i have a dream '' speech marked 1963 .  fifty years later , 2013 offered an opportunity to revisit those events .  other civil rights milestones plus cultural touchstones made it a pivotal yea .
 a year of attacks linked to nigeria 's boko haram <sec> nigeria is battling an islamist insurgency that has claimed 3,000 lives since 2009 .  boko haram is fighting for stricter sharia law in nigeria 's predominately muslim north .  nigeria 's military suspect boko haram was behind an attack on a college this week .  at least 29 students were killed and several buildings torched in the buni yadi attac .
 hollywood stars mix with ryder cup royalty in scotland <sec> hollywood stars mingle with ryder cup royalty at alfred dunhill championship .  actor bill murray and record breaking olympic swimmer michael phelps on show .  ryder cup heroes martin kaymer , paul lawrie and peter hanson also playing .  branden grace leads tournament after shooting course record at kingsbarn .
 terms of sex cult leader 's release anger community <sec> feigley was convicted before passage of megan 's law .  because he served a full prison term , he was n't put on parole .  protests held at church and harrisburg , pennsylvania , home of feigley 's wife .  prosecutor says feigley never acknowledged wrongdoin .
 u.n. 'does n't smell of sulfur anymore , ' says chavez <sec> three years ago , chavez said it `` still smells of sulfur , '' referring to president bush .  chavez spoke highly obama , saying he is an `` intelligent man '' .  chavez said pentagon behind ousting of honduran president jose manuel zelaya .  chavez called for u.s. to lift `` savage , murderous blockade '' on cub .
 greek company sleeps easy amid crisis <sec> greek bedding company coco-mat has a global turnover of more than $ 75 million .  it makes metal-free beds and mattresses from sustainable materials .  it allows potential buyers to sleep on its beds in an unusual `` try before you buy '' arrangement .  the company promotes nature as the place where solutions can be foun .
 helicopters versus drones : the cost of the war on rhinos <sec> conservation parks in south africa struggling to keep up with rhino poachers .  organized crime syndicates use sophisticated equipment for poaching .  south africa said it would seek permission to sell some of its stockpiled rhino hor .
 pilot who had in-flight meltdown to be released <sec> pilot clayton osbon to be released but must continue treatment .  osbon was arrested in march after he had an apparent in-flight meltdown .  osbon was found not guilty by reason of insanity in july but kept in custody for treatmen .
 from detroit to destiny : my time with mandela <sec> monica morgan first photographed nelson mandela during his visit to the u.s. in 1990 .  she was first introduced to the injustices of south africa as a child in detroit .  morgan : 'there will never be another like nelson mandela .
 german fans mourn enke 'suicide ' <sec> germany international footballer robert enke has died at the age of 32 at a rail crossing .  police say that the hannover goalkeeper 's death was apparent suicide .  he won eight caps for germany and was expected to be in squad for the 2010 world cup final .
 world cup : ghana sacks sulley muntari and kevin prince-boateng <sec> ghana has sacked two of its star players .  sulley muntari and kevin-prince boateng suspended indefinitely .  sackings come after row over appearance fees .  ghana faces portugal thursday in final group gam .
 blanc to replace domenech after finals <sec> laurent blanc to take over as french coach from raymond domenech after the world cup .  bordeaux confirm a deal has finally been agreed with french football federation .  bordeaux president jean-louis triaud unhappy at fff 's pursuit of blan .
 neighbor of slain texas prosecutor said he heard nothing unusual <sec> new : neighbors says he did not hear gunshots .  a gang expert doubts it was a white supremacist group , but a former member says it might be .  a county official says he 's confident the district attorney 's killer will be caught .  mike mclelland was the second kaufman county prosecutor slain in two month .
 iaea : iran invites inspectors to visit arak nuclear site <sec> inspectors will visit iran 's arak heavy-water production plant next month , iaea says .  iran has agreed to freeze work at the arak site under an interim deal with world powers .  the heavy-water reactor could be used as a source of plutonium .  iran agreed on a framework for increased cooperation with the iaea this mont .
 ban ki-moon : south sudan violence , abuses 'must end immediately ' <sec> u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon backs east african leaders ' call for peace .  ban warns those responsible for violence and human rights abuse 'will be held accountable ' .  doctors without borders also calls for end to violenc .
 remembering andrew simpson during the america 's cup <sec> olympic gold medalist andrew simpson caught in accident in the lead up to the america 's cup .  simpson 's love affair with sailing began when he was a child .  best friend and crewmate iain percy led tributes to the sailo .
 pakistan cricket meeting moved to thursday <sec> the meeting had been scheduled for wednesday .  the three players who will take part are already heading to london .  police have already questioned the three player .
 gigolo admits blackmailing bmw heiress <sec> germany 's richest woman told police she was being blackmailed for millions .  bmw heiress said former lover threatened to release images of them .  helg sgarbi 's admits trying to blackmail bmw heiress and other .
 round three : ricky gervais ' golden globes hosting strategy <sec> gervais caused a stir when he took jabs at mel gibson and sir paul mccartney in 2010 .  his jokes at 2011 golden globe awards caused even more of a stir .  the 2012 event poster shows gervais snipping off the gag that covers his mouth .  he 's assured twitter followers that he 'll be drinking lager , ad-libbing and speaking his min .
 world awaits oprah 's lance armstrong interview , but will it change anything ? <sec> media reports say armstrong admitted to using performance-enhancing drugs .  source tells cnn the former cyclist in talks to repay some sponsorship money .  interview with winfrey lasted 2 1/2 hours .  armstrong apologizes to cancer foundation workers for their stres .
 presbyterian group alters marriage definition to include gay couples <sec> presbyterian church ( usa ) will define marriage as a `` commitment between two people '' .  the marriage amendment will take effect june 2 .
 no truce : army , islamic militants fight on in philippines <sec> cease-fire previously announced does not take hold .  at least 52 have died in a week of fighting .  muslim rebels were believed to be holding around 170 hostages .  president aquino warned the rebels not to increase the threat to civilian .
 cnn poll : key arkansas senate race a dead heat - cnnpolitics.com <sec> republican tom cotton holds slim edge over democratic incumbent mark pryor .  arkansas race is another that could determine who controls the senate .  white women could be the key voting bloc that determines the outcom .
 u.s. coast guard fires on iranian fishing boat <sec> a u.s. coast guard vessel was on a routine operation in the persian gulf .  the pentagon said an iranian fishing boat pointed a gun at a coast guard patrol .  the coast guard crew fired a single shot in response , ending the incident .  no one was hurt , according to the pentagon and the iranian boat left the are .
 radio 's savage wants uk to remove name from banned list <sec> radio talk-show host michael savage wants british home secretary to apologize .  savage , 20-plus others banned from entering britain for `` stirring up hatred '' .  `` i 'm a patriotic american , and if that 's a crime in england , god help us all , '' he says .  savage known for controversial remarks on homosexuality , illegal immigrants , isla .
 militants in yemen kill man they said was gay , security official says <sec> gunmen killed hashim al-asimi as he was heading home , witnesses say .  the witnesses said the militants had warned him to stop his homosexual activity .  homosexuality is against the law in yemen .  performing homosexual acts , even between consenting adults , is punishable by deat .
 atlanta radio show pranks media with bieber move protest <sec> radio prank tweaks global news media .  morning radio show is all smiles .  fake neighbor claimed bieber 's `` eclectic '' lifestyle is not right for their neighborhood .  bieber 's camp never commented on any rumored mov .
 three niche dating sites for targeted romance <sec> here are three niche sites for those who want to narrow the vast online-dating pool .  single fit people is a dating site specifically for those who love to work out .  tastebuds.fm allows you to easily port over your musical interests .  for about $ 15 a pop , tawkify matches potential soulmates based on their klout score .
 crowdsourcing our economic recovery <sec> van jones : a new breed of companies is leveraging the power of sharing .  jones says younger , tech-savvy consumers tend to prefer sharing services .  he says opportunities for people-driven , shareable , sustainable businesses are many .  jones : together , consumers can start rebuilding the economy from the community u .
 police think remains buried under concrete are lottery winner <sec> remains buried five feet below recently added concrete in plant city , florida .  police : leads in missing lottery winner case led them to area they expected body to be .  abraham shakespeare disappeared two years after he won $ 31 million .  `` it 's painfully obvious he did n't get there by himself , '' sheriff say .
 commentary : do n't be my valentine <sec> roland martin : valentine 's day is good for retailers but it 's a bad idea overall .  he says overpriced flowers and dinner at a fancy restaurant do n't cut it .  martin : show your love for your mate all 365 days a yea .
 finally in the land of the free , but where are the jobs ? <sec> more than 60,000 refugees were admitted to the u.s. in fy 2008 .  finding jobs proves difficult as u.s. economy in downturn .  state department allocation for living expenses per refugee on arrival is $ 450 .  charities , churches can take up the slack but they are feeling the recession pinc .
 three sons , two bombs , one family 's hell <sec> the humble al-jibouri family 's descent into hell began on july 23 , 2007 .  abu ali was a week away from marrying off his son , but buried him instead .  in july last year , he lost two more sons to a bomb blast in najaf .  abu ali does n't stop crying the entire time cnn reporters are with the famil .
 vick surrenders early to begin dogfighting sentence <sec> new : vick 's attorney says early surrender shows vick accepts responsibility .  sentencing set for december 10 on dogfighting charges against michael vick .  atlanta falcons quarterback pleaded guilty in august .  monday , he surrendered to begin whatever sentence he gets on december 1 .
 george zimmerman accuses obama over racial tensions <sec> zimmerman criticizes obama 's comments during the trayvon martin case .  `` to me , that was clearly a dereliction of duty , '' he say .
 epa , job killer or people saver ? <sec> republican candidates have sharply criticized epa , called for it to be limited or shut down .  lz granderson says they 're ignoring the fact that it was created by a gop president .  the epa is credited with administering laws that have saved many lives , he says .  granderson : ending a federal role in enforcing environmental rules makes no sens .
 son of robert f. kennedy charged over clash with nurses <sec> douglas kennedy was arraigned thursday on on misdemeanor charges .  he knocked down a nurse while he was holding his newborn son , attorneys say .  kennedy wanted to take his son out for some `` fresh air , '' attorneys say .  douglas kennedy is the son of the late u.s. sen. robert f. kenned .
 pakistan : 10 sentenced to life for malala attack <sec> the sentences came after a trial in pakistan , a judge says .  malala yousafzai is an outspoken advocate for the education of girls .  she was attacked in pakistan in 201 .
 two tornado-wracked towns unite through tragedy , charity <sec> a tornado hits tuscaloosa , alabama , in april .  the residents in and around joplin , missouri , provide aid .  then the nation 's deadliest twister devastates joplin in may .  in a reversal of fortunes , tuscaloosa sends aid to jopli .
 basements scarce in moore , oklahoma <sec> misconceptions abound over basements , builders say .  `` we do 'em all day long , '' says one who has built many in the oklahoma city area .  deeper frost line means they 're common in the northeast .  alternatives , including safe rooms , exis .
 late-night talk show pioneer joe franklin dies <sec> franklin was a fixture on new york radio and tv for more than 60 years .  he also played himself in films like `` manhattan , '' `` ghostbusters '' and `` broadway danny rose .
 man charged in deaths of 2 oklahoma girls left in ditch <sec> new : shell casings at crime scene matched those on suspect 's father 's land , police say .  the suspect says he saw `` two monsters '' and shot them , according to an affidavit .  `` we just believe that he happened to be in the area that day , '' an investigator says .  sweat became a suspect in this case after being arrested this summer in his girlfriend 's deat .
 northern ireland : draped in union flags , protesters march in belfast <sec> new : skirmishes break out as crowds march to east belfast .  a vote to limit the flying of the union flag in belfast has sparked weeks of protests .  rioting broke out friday in newtownabbey , where teenagers attacked police .  british flag has long been a flashpoint between british loyalists and irish nationalist .
 the immigration waiting game will end soon <sec> obama has pledged to act on immigration before the end of the year .  precise timing is unclea .
 cuba releases 53 political prisoners <sec> the move comes as part of a deal to normalize relations between the united states and cuba .  the names of the prisoners were not release .
 rival fatah , hamas movements reach unity deal <sec> new : a palestinian protest last month sought fatah-hamas unity .  an expert says the announcement marks `` a very big deal '' .  but the two factions may be acting out of fear that the arab world 's uprisings could hit them , too .  israel says fatah must pick peace with hamas or with israe .
 u.n. approves palestinian 'observer state ' bid <sec> the vote was 138 delegates in favor , nine against and 41 abstentions .  the resolution elevates their non-member status from `` observer entity '' to `` observer state '' .  the united states and israel remain oppose .
 18-year-old charged with murder in case of missing university of florida student <sec> new : the suspect 's family is distraught and worried , one of his lawyers says .  christian aguilar , 18 , was last seen september 20 in gainesville , police say .  pedro bravo told investigators he got into a fight with aguilar that night and left the scene .  police announce that bravo , who was already in custody , is charged with murde .
 ghostly underwater art gallery breathes new life to sunken ship <sec> world 's only underwater photo gallery on sunken ship attracts 10,000 divers .  haunting images aboard sunken ww2 vessel , the vandenberg .  mother nature leaves mark on images , now displayed in gallery on land .  viennese artist launches new underwater photography project in barbado .
 fantasia takes the stand in boyfriend 's divorce <sec> new : fantasia barrino admitted she knew her boyfriend was married from the start .  barrino claimed in august she did not know antwaun cook was married .  the singer was called as a witness in the north carolina child custody case .  she overdosed on a `` sleep aid '' after cook 's wife filed court paper .
 father of man killed by fbi searches for answers <sec> todashev 's father says his son was n't `` crazy , '' would n't attack officers .  the father says he does n't believe his son admitted to role in triple murder .  todashev , who knew a boston bombing suspect , was killed in an interview with authorities .  a u.s. official says todashev started acting odd , knocked over tabl .
 queens residents hit by sandy file lawsuit against power company <sec> a fire sparked by superstorm sandy destroyed 126 homes on long island .  it was ignited when storm surge water came into contact with a home 's electrical system .  residents say long island power authority and national grid , should have cut power .  `` the effort to place fault for this tragedy with the utility is misplaced , '' lipa say .
