 10 wacky u.s. restaurants <sec> watch out for sneaky ninjas at a new york restaurant .  embrace your garlic breath at the stinking rose .  control the price of your beer at the exchang .
 real madrid edge closer to la liga title with sevilla win <sec> goals from cristiano ronaldo and karim benzema earn real madrid a 3-0 win against sevilla in the bernabeu .  barcelona rout rayo vallecano 7-0 to keep slim hopes of retaining title alive .  malaga beat valencia 1-0 to move up to fourth plac .
 swimming with sharks helps veterans feel whole again <sec> fish wish program allows veterans with disabilities to swim with sharks .  program is open to the public , but waiting list is long and cost is $ 290 .  veterans report feeling `` equal '' in the weightless environment of wate .
 magazine launch for gay military members announced <sec> gay magazine to appear to selected military bases , statement from publisher said .  magazines objective is to support lgbt members in the military , said group 's leader .  outserve says it is an underground network of actively serving members of the militar .
 opinion : iran 's popular new leader is no reformist <sec> nazila fathi : half the votes were for rouhani , but government 's support is surprising .  fathi : he supports enrichment of uranium : `` it is important for the centrifuges to spin '' .  rouhani was the only cleric to run , she says , but he favors political and social freedoms .  fathi : victory sparked optimism , hopes for respect from international communit .
 rare meningitis infects more than 100 , kills 8 <sec> new : cdc : as many as 13,000 people may have received medicine .  no new exposures have occurred in recent weeks , tennesse official says .  patients have contracted meningitis after receiving contaminated steroid injections .  nine states have reports of this rare , noncontagious form of the diseas .
 vito maggiolo : 'i challenged the chinese ' <sec> vito maggiolo was sent to beijing to help cover mikhail gorbachev 's visit to china .  `` we found ourselves covering a mini-revolution , '' he said .  when chinese officials tried to stop cnn broadcasting , he challenged them .  he argued , without success , that the letter did not have the correct `` chop '' or sea .
 baucus floats compromise on health care bill <sec> compromise lacks a government-run insurance option favored by some democrats .  max baucus ' proposal to negotiators would allow nonprofit cooperatives instead .  source says bill would cost less than $ 900 billion over 10 years .  some funding would come from new tax on companies with high-end plan .
 secret service report could help chris brown 's defense <sec> brown 's bodyguard says he `` was just doing his job '' when he hit the man , report says .  `` my bodyguard handled it , '' brown told a secret service officer about incident .  a metropolitan police department officer denies victim told him brown never hit him , report says .  a secret service officer contradicts what the mpd officer say .
 biden being biden : that 's a problem ( opinion ) <sec> s.e . .  cupp : baseball player manny ramirez had reputation for stumbles , like joe biden .  she says , with ramirez , as with biden 's recent gaffe , snafus could become problem .  she says calling out arab allies as strengthening isis threatens fragile coalition .  cupp : biden must remember : he 's proxy for obama . .  let 's hope gaffe does n't do damag .
 why we 're not prepared for a flu pandemic <sec> leslie gerwin : reports of h1n1 flu in hong kong should be watched .  she says u.s. did not perform well during 2009-10 epidemic .  she says conservatives claimed u.s. vaccination program was `` big government '' in action .  gerwin : the best way to prevent spread of the disease is vaccinatio .
 do u.s. presidential debates matter ? <sec> obama , romney to debate domestic and foreign policy over three debates .  telegenic john f. kennedy outshined richard nixon in first debate in 1960 .  romney emerged victorius from primary season that included nearly 20 debates .  then-candidate obama easily handled republican john mccain in 2008 debate .
 mancini dismissal confirmed by inter <sec> serie a champions inter milan confirm dismissal of coach roberto mancini .  mancini allegedly fired for comments made after defeat to liverpool in march .  former chelsea manager jose mourinho favorite to take over at the san sir .
 widow of colorado theater shooting victim sues psychiatrist <sec> a civil lawsuit accuses psychiatrist who treated shooting suspect of negligence .  dr. lynne fenton should have alerted police about james holmes , suit says .  a university of colorado spokeswoman says the lawsuit `` is not well-founded legally .
 michael schumacher 'still in wake-up phase ' <sec> michael schumacher remains in medically induced coma .  schumacher agent : `` michael is still in the wake-up phase '' .  felipe massa says he is praying for schumacher 's recovery .  massa aiming to win drivers ' title with william .
 opinion : california wants a do-over on same-sex marriage vote <sec> ruben navarrette : california voted in 2008 to ban same-sex marriage .  proposition 8 backers used fear to make their case against it , he says .  many americans have shifted , seeing that their friends , loved ones include gays .  navarrette : today californians would vote in favor of same-sex marriag .
 natural gas : the next alternative fuel ? <sec> scientists trying to determine which alternative fuel is best for future .  some say compressed natural gas could be the answer .  only only one cng-powered model sold on the consumer market today .  about 1,600 cng refueling stations in u.s , compared to 200,000 gas station .
 u.s. files new charges against arms dealer viktor bout <sec> bout accused of buying planes to transport weapons to africa , mideast .  bout , a russian , has been in jail in thailand since 2008 .  u.s. has been trying to extradite him , hopes latest charges will help .  american richard chichakli also accused of illegal purchase of boeing 727 , boeing 73 .
 mccain defends opposition to gi bill <sec> new : sen. john mccain says general must have time to bring stability to iraq .  mccain says gi bill sponsored by democrats would hurt military .  mccain , sen. barack obama sparring over expanded veterans ' education benefits .  president bush will attend a fundraiser for mccain in arizon .
 irish parliament passes exception to abortion ban <sec> new : human rights watch says the bill fails women in ireland by not going far enough .  the final bill includes a provision allowing abortion if the mother is at risk of suicide .  the majority government supports the bill .  conservative and progressive lawmakers argue over various amendment .
 clinton 's indiana win keeps democratic race alive <sec> new : final votes counted in indiana 's lake county ; obama dominates .  clinton wins squeaker in indiana ; obama cruises in north carolina .  obama says he does not believe his party is `` inalterably divided '' .  187 delegates were at stake in tuesday 's primarie .
 philippines troops contain rebels as zamboanga siege drags on <sec> sporadic gunfire as troops contain muslim rebels in zamboanga city .  reports show smoke billowing from the santa catalina district .  two afp troops have been killed and an estimated14 rebels killed .  zamboanga mayor says negotiations are continuing with rebel .
 keys unlocks door to australian open <sec> madison keys claims wildcard for january 's 2013 australian open .  the 17-year-old won a qualification tournament in atlanta , georgia .  keys beat serena williams in a professional team competition aged 14 .  rhyne williams wins the men 's event to reach his second grand sla .
 passengers and crew foil hijack attempt in china <sec> new : the six suspects are ethnic uyghurs , police say .  new : two air marshals and two flight attendants are injured .  new : uyghurs and han chinese have had rocky relations .  new : the country plans to honor the crew members , and passengers who offered hel .
 2 americans , a german win nobel prize for chemistry <sec> committee head : `` guesswork has turned into hard facts and obscurity ... into clarity '' .  eric betzig , stefan w. hell and william e. moerner share the nobel prize for chemistry .  their work has shifted optical microscopy boundaries into the nanoworld .  hell says he was `` totally surprised '' to receive the call that told him he 'd wo .
 bomb blast at political rally in pakistan kills 7 , police say <sec> a bomb blast at a political rally in pakistan kills seven people , an official says .  the blast is believed to have targeted a provincial political leader , police say .  the leader , aurangzaib kasi , is among the 12 wounded , the police say .  the bomb was planted on a bicycle , a senior police official say .
 `` cnn presents : latino in america '' show credits <sec> cnn 's `` latino in america '' premiered on october 21 & 22 , 2009 at 9 p.m. e .
 5 reasons minnesota is tops at voting <sec> minnesota has the highest voter turnout rate in the country .  same-day voter registration accounts for some of the state 's lead .  the state also has a hearty , civic-minded cultur .
 mourinho angered by ibrahimovic decision <sec> jose mourinho angered by the decision to sell zlatan ibrahimovic to barcelona .  however , inter milan coach happy to welcome samuel eto'o to the italian club .  inter milan to receive 45 million euros ( $ 64m ) plus eto'o for swede ibrahimovi .
 sudan 's christians 'do n't feel safe in prayer ' after apostasy death sentence <sec> christians in sudan fearful after mother of two sentenced to death for abandoning islam .  woman denies apostasy , says she was raised christian despite having muslim father .  christian south seceded in 2011 ; sudan 's leader has moved country towards more islamic identity since then .  human rights lawyer says hundreds of christians have been deported for `` evangelizing .
 your detour to a stress-free life <sec> anxiety levels in the united states are the highest in decades .  chronic stress has been linked to weight gain , depression and cancer .  with practice , stress-reduction techniques can become second natur .
 ex-imf chief strauss-kahn testifies on pimping charges <sec> a former sex worker describes an encounter with dominique strauss-kahn at a paris hotel .  strauss-kahn says he did not know of the `` prostitutional nature '' of sex parties he joined .  the ex-imf chief is accused of organizing sex parties with prostitutes in europe and the united state .
 pastore and ibrahimovic on target for psg <sec> goals in either half from javier pastore and zlatan ibrahimovic earn paris saint germain a 2-0 win over toulouse .  reigning champions montpellier lose at reims 3-1 to stay in 14th position in the table .  fifa extend juventus coach antonio conte 's ban to include all matches worldwid .
 robert downey jr. : hollywood 's highest-paid actor <sec> robert downey jr. earned an estimated $ 75 million , the same amount as he did last year .  forbes magazine ranks him hollywood 's top earner once again .  dwayne `` the rock '' johnson is second on this year 's list .  bradley cooper ranks third , followed by leonardo dicaprio and chris hemswort .
 louis c.k . to host 'snl ' <sec> louis c.k . .  will host `` saturday night live '' on november 3 .  the group fun . .  will join louis c.k . .  as the musical guest .  nbc announced the news during this weekend 's broadcast .  the comedian is currently in the midst of a national standup tou .
 iranian president : israel 'nothing more than a mosquito ' to iran <sec> new : ahmadinejad says `` regional states '' have little need to purchase arms .  iran 's president calls israel a mosquito , downplaying the prospect of war .  talks on iran 's nuclear program are set for next week in austria , ahead of p5+1 talks .  iran 's foreign minister recently said he 's optimistic there will be progres .
 key senators rip blackwater actions in afghanistan <sec> contractor personnel need to be adequately supervised , senators said .  a top executive acknowledged past mistakes on the part of the company 's contractors .  committee chairman also blasts u.s. army for `` lack of contractor oversight .
 armstrong heads astana tour de france team <sec> lance armstrong is named in a strong astana squad for the tour de france .  armstrong will be bidding for an eighth victory in cycling 's most famous race .  2007 tour de france champion alberto contador will start as the race favorite .  belgian rider tom boonen not welcome on the tour after positive for cocain .
 pakistani newlyweds decapitated in honor killing <sec> newlyweds in pakistan are killed by the bride 's family over opposition to the wedding .  police say the couple was lured back to the bride 's village , tied up and beheaded .  family members turned themselves in after the murders and are now jaile .
 nigeria elections : 5 reasons you should care <sec> muhammadu buhari 's win marks the first democratic transition of power from a ruling party to the opposition .  nigeria , the most populous country in africa , is grappling with violent boko haram extremist .
 crimea crisis : europe must finally check the putin doctrine <sec> changing russian foreign policy is shaking the european order , says joerg forbrig .  he says moscow seems resolved to interfere with any of its post-soviet neighbors .  russia 's interventionist strategy has been in the making for a decade , forbrig says .  moscow 's quest has become an ideological mission to fight the west , he say .
 it 's 'good night , baghdad ' for u.s. army radio <sec> freedom radio iraq broadcasters turn off their microphones friday night .  they have been broadcasting to u.s. military personnel in iraq for eight years .  the end of the station is part of the withdrawal of u.s. troops in iraq .  music and news will continue but will come out of europ .
 2 suspects in tunis attack trained in libya <sec> two cruise ship companies cancel 2015 stops in tunisia after the bardo museum attack .  the museum attack suspects were activated from sleeper cells in tunisia , security minister says .  tunisians gather to celebrate independence da .
 faa urged to ground type of small sports aircraft <sec> national transportation safety board questions safety of the zodiac ch-601xl .  officials : six planes have broken up in flight in past three years , killing 10 people .  zenair , designer of plane , has said proper cable tension addresses issue .  faa had no immediate response to the safety board 's recommendatio .
 opinion : obama is right about 'redskins ' <sec> obama suggested washington redskins consider changing the team name .  roxanne jones : as a sports fan , the president can weigh in -- and he 's right .  she says redskins name is hurtful and damaging to native americans .  jones : it 's time to get on the right side of history and change the 80-year-old nam .
 commentary : for obama 's poet , poetry 'is the human voice ' <sec> elizabeth alexander will be fourth poet to read at an inauguration .  alexander : poetry can provide a fresh way of looking at problems .  she says poetry is quirky and no one can predict how people will react to i .
 arkansas medical examiner rules death of handcuffed suspect a suicide <sec> crime lab concludes suspect shot himself in right temple .  chavis carter was handcuffed in the back of a police car .  the 21-year-old had been searched for a weapon twice .  his mother has said he was not suicida .
 last of the bush trackers on the trail of a dying art <sec> renias mhlongo and alex van den heever are south african game rangers and trackers .  they teach new generations the tracking skills being lost to modernity .  the two men have formed a strong friendship that cuts across culture .
 braves play , lose playoff game under protest after controversial call <sec> new : a baseball executive disallows the braves ' protest of the game , so the result stands .  an umpire makes a controversial call against the braves in the eighth inning .  atlanta 's manager protests and fan throw debris onto the field .  the cardinals end up beating the braves 6-3 to advance in baseball 's playoff .
 opinion : turkey needs erdogan <sec> yavuz yigit argues turkey 's pm recep tayyip erdogan will make a good president .  polls and previous elections show the country also supports erdogan as its leader .  the country 's presidential elections are this sunday , and erdogan is frontrunne .
 taking on tripadvisor : how mr and mrs smith carved travel guide niche <sec> emergence of peer-review travel websites have had a negative knock-on effect on travel guides .  sales of global travel guides have declined by over 40 % in the last seven years .  still a strong market for niche travel guides like mr & mrs smit .
 iran aims to keep stoning as punishment for adultery , rights group says <sec> a judicial panel has reinserted a stoning provision into a draft law , human rights watch says .  the group says iranian authorities are holding at least 10 people who face stoning .  the u.s. state department cites unconfirmed reports of bodies of four women apparently stoned .  officials in iran have denied the report .
 why we need the postal service <sec> philip rubio says the u.s . .  postal service threatened by major cuts or even closure .  he says post office represents people , places we rely on ; cuts will have huge effect in u.s . .  he says it 's a major employer , innovator and fulcrum of national communications system .  rubio : congress must assume responsibilty for finding a way for postal service to stay afloa .
 obama judicial nominees likely to reignite controversy <sec> nominees include one whose selection was blocked twice already in senate .  judiciary committee chair urges senate to stop holding up nominations .  republicans blamed for blocking nominees , but white house said too slow .  moderates say unfilled vacancies create crisis in courts staffed by too few judge .
 50 million compromised in evernote hack <sec> tens of millions changing passwords after evernote was hacked .  popular note-taking tool says no user content , financial info was accessed .  evernote joins apple , microsoft , twitter , facebook and others in recent hacks .  still no word monday on how long hackers had acces .
 why we 're raising money to support obama agenda <sec> jim messina : post-election , a new organization aims to advance obama 's agenda .  he says goal is to counter well-funded special interests that do n't represent majority views .  an example : gun lobbyists fighting background checks 90 % in u.s. support , he says .  messina : group will shun funds from corporations , lobbyists , will represent american .
 jol appointed fulham coach ; benfica deny coentrao close to real switch <sec> martin jol appointed coach of english premier league club fulham .  dutchman signs a two-year deal with london-based club .  jol has formerly managed tottenham , ajax and hamburg .  benfica deny fabio coentrao is close to joining spanish giants real madri .
 india 's rahul gandhi questions hazare 's hunger strike protest <sec> india 's rahul gandhi says a watchdog would not solve the problem of graft .  gandhi thanks fasting activist anna hazare for raising the issue of corruption .  but he warns that parliament should not be put under pressure .  hazare is into the 11th day of his hunger strike in new delh .
 endeavour docks with international space station <sec> shuttle docked at 12:06 a.m . .  et , according to the johnson space center in houston .  endeavour lifted off from kennedy space center early monday .  the two-week mission will include three spacewalk .
 behind the scenes : amazing grace in appalachia <sec> cnn 's samira j. simone reflects on the toughness and hospitality of mining families .  simone covered a mining disaster in 2006 , and reported this week from west virginia .  not much has changed ; the people of appalachia are as kind as they are tough , she write .
 connecting panama and the uae <sec> did your suggestion make our shortlist of connections ? .  panama and uae are important financial and world trade centers .  dubai and panama city both have modern highrise skyline .
 robotics revolution hits ugandan classrooms <sec> fundi bots is teaching ugandan school children to build robots .  solomon king benge founded fundi bots in 2011 to help students develop creative problem-solving skills .  fundi bots has a presence in 15 schools across uganda and plans to expand to other african countries .  north america companies spent over $ 335 million on robots in first quarter of 201 .
 ryan braun 's sample collector defends test process <sec> `` at no point did i tamper in any way with the samples , '' the collector says .  the collector waited nearly two days to deliver his sample , ryan braun says .  his 50-games suspension has been tossed ou .
 growing backlash against tsa body scanners , pat-downs <sec> homeland security chief meets with travel industry group .  pilots and passengers are unhappy with security measures .  some groups urge people not to fly or to opt for pat-down .
