 a new kind of children 's hospital <sec> nemours children 's hospital believes nature is as valuable as any iv or pill .  studies have shown natural light and better views improve patient recovery .  healing places at some hospitals are in danger of being eliminated due to budget cut .
 california measles outbreak over , health agency says <sec> officials say 131 californians were affected by one strain , five by other strains .  about 70 % of the people who could show health records were unvaccinated .  outbreak began in december among visitors to two disney theme park .
 gorbachev : world leaders must work together <sec> mikhail gorbachev : america , europe , russia must work together more productively .  `` we have to reestablish the cooperation and the trust that has been destroyed , '' he says .  gorbachev is in berlin to mark the 25th anniversary of the fall of the berlin wall .  former soviet leader says leaders must work for the common good , not their own benefi .
 photos : damage to the washington monument <sec> earthquake caused 4-foot crack at top of washington monument .  fallen mortar was discovered in the obelisk 's observation deck .  engineers are looking for more damage that might have been incurre .
 jose antonio vargas released after detention in texas <sec> homeland security says jose antonio vargas has a notice to appear in court .  officials say he was detained after telling authorities he was in the country illegally .  the journalist wrote last week that he suspected he might not get out of mcallen , texas .  at 12 , vargas came to the u.s. illegally with a man he 'd never met , he wrote in 201 .
 from pope to politician , when do you know it 's time to go ? <sec> benedict xvi is the first pope to retire in nearly 600 years ; he says age is a factor .  former new york gov . .  george pataki retired after three terms and did n't seek a fourth .  pataki : `` i was never going to let my public title become my personal identity '' .  experts say succession plans are key to smooth transitions and a positive legac .
 match-fixing allegations rock new zealand cricket <sec> international cricket council says it is investigating former new zealand players .  former batsman lou vincent say he is involved in match-fixing investigation .  chris cairns is seeking clarification from icc as to whether he is under investigatio .
 confessions of a jersey shore lifeguard <sec> a new jersey lifeguard tells what it 's really like to be protector of the beach .  lifeguards pee in the water like everyone else .  some lifeguards sleep on the job , new jersey lifeguard say .
 'grease ' actor jeff conaway 's death ruled accidental <sec> conaway , 60 , died may 27 at a california hospital after being taken off of life support .  drugs were found in conaway 's urine at hospital admission .  `` jeff was a severe , severe opiate addict with chronic pain , '' addiction specialist said in ma .
 reforming congress : a starting point <sec> two former senate leaders back a plan that would change the political system .  recommendations include a national primary day and altering redistricting .  they say congress is dysfunctional and changes are needed to make it wor .
 'invisible ' in india : boy tied to a mumbai bus stop <sec> deaf and mute , nine-year-old lakhan kale was being cared for by his grandmother .  she tied him to a pole while she went to work selling trinkets on a mumbai beachfront .  he now lives in a juvenile center but it 's not a home for children with special needs .  mumbai 's suffering a severe shortage of care homes for children with disabilitie .
 manila 's little people seek their own community <sec> some of manila 's dwarves want to build their own community .  life in the provinces can be tough for people with dwarfism .  some have found work in a manila bar called the hobbit house .  dwarves in the philippines have long been a staple of tv show .
 darren criss announces 'listen up ... ' summer tour ( and a solo album ! ) <sec> darren criss plays blaine on 'glee ' .  he will be hitting 16 cities this summer with his solo tour .  he will be playing new and old musi .
 borger : 'empathy ' not a dirty word for a judge <sec> gloria borger asks how critics can argue with notion that who we are affects our view .  sotomayor said she 'd hope `` wise latina woman '' would judge better than white male .  borger says it was bad idea to use `` better '' to describe latina woman 's conclusions .  critics will have a hard time convincing the public that empathy is bad , borger say .
 record rainfall leaves parts of england under water <sec> southeast and central southern england had more than twice the usual rainfall in january .  rainfall there in the first 28 days of january was the highest since records began in 1910 .  parts of southwest england have been under water for nearly a month .  the bad weather continues , with a number of flood warnings issued this weeken .
 agent : hussein was surprised u.s. invaded <sec> cbs : hussein claimed he did n't think the u.s. would invade iraq over wmd .  fbi agent says hussein lied about having wmd to intimidate iran .  but the iraqi dictator said he wanted to start the wmd program again , agent said .  hussein was captured in 2003 and hanged in 200 .
 clark howard : let the buyer beware at dollar stores <sec> recession has boosted spending at dollar stores .  cotton rounds , gift wrap , birthday candles among the best deals .  not all dollar stores are equal ; some have more expensive items .  some knockoff products from dollar stores failed tests against brand name .
 american ebola patient walks into atlanta hospital <sec> kent brantly visited with his wife , separated by glass wall , for 45 minutes .  brantly is first known ebola patient in u.s . .  both americans infected with ebola will be treated at emory university hospital .  plane will head back to liberia for the second american patien .
 kurtz : connie chung was shocked by condit 's stonewalling <sec> congressman would n't admit affair with murdered former intern .  honest answer might have helped gary condit , news anchor says .  chung recalls scandal for `` reliable sources '' sunday on cn .
 rep. charles rangel to be admonished friday by ethics committee <sec> rep. charles rangel will be formally admonished friday by house , thursday .  issue concerns who paid for travel he and others took to the caribbean in 2007 and 2008 .  rangel says ethics committee approved the travel .  a nonprofit ethics group says rangel should n't be the only person admonishe .
 athens cafes abuzz with political talk ahead of elections <sec> greece is voting in its second election in six weeks .  the first poll was inconclusive , and talks later failed to deliver a government .  in both upscale and edgy cafe hubs of greece 's capital , athens , business is down .  greeks want to stay in the euro , but say austerity measures have made life toug .
 chile 's president responds to girl 's dramatic plea <sec> 14-year-old valentina maureira suffers from cystic fibrosis .  in a video , she asks the president to allow her to have an assisted suicid .
 al-shabaab joining al qaeda , monitor group says <sec> the news `` will delight the believers and annoy the crusaders , '' al-zawahiri says .  al-shabaab has long been closely affiliated with al qaeda .  the group had suffered a series of setbacks in recent months .  it had vowed allegiance to osama bin laden before his deat .
 jason biggs apologizes for malaysia airlines tweet <sec> jason biggs made a joke on twitter about the malaysia airlines crash on july 17 .  some people sent tweets back that they found the comment offensive .  biggs defended himself at first , but has since deleted the tweets and apologize .
 beneath greenland 's ice , a grand canyon <sec> a 460-mile canyon up to half a mile deep lies beneath greenland 's ice .  the discovery was reported in a scientific journal thursday .  `` it looks like it was a pretty extensive river system millions of years ago , '' scientist say .
 cnn fact check : the not-so-empty factory <sec> manufacturing jobs reversed a long slide in 2010 .  obama touted that turnaround in his democratic convention speech .  but employment in the sector remains far below its prerecession pea .
 eighth confirmed death in colorado flooding <sec> man found alive after being presumed dead .  authorities in larimer county say 79-year-old woman was found dead this weekend .  vice president biden promises federal help will continue .  he says $ 35 million allocated so fa .
 ceasefire in yemen after day of clashes , officials say <sec> the u.n. security council will hold a special meeting to discuss yemen on tuesday .  yemen 's information minister describes the unfolding events as a bid to seize power .  roads were closed as a security measure after the presidential chief of staff was abducte .
 red river crests on north dakota-minnesota border <sec> seasonal flooding has hit communities in upper midwest .  at least three people have died in minnesota .  the u.s. coast guard says it rescued five peopl .
 venezuelan president : u.s.-backed coup plot foiled <sec> accusations are `` ludicrous , '' u.s. state department spokeswoman says .  `` we have dismantled a coup attempt , '' president nicolas maduro says in a televised address .  he says venezuela 's right-wing opposition groups and the u.s. government were behind the plo .
 steve harvey , the new 'king of all media ? ' <sec> steve harvey has a daytime talk show debuting .  he joins a growing list of other celebs on the daytime scene .  the comic says he has retired from stand-u .
 irish crisis : what 's it all about ? <sec> ireland bailed out its struggling banks , putting the government under intense budget pressure .  central bank governor says an eu-imf loan is `` definitely likely '' .  dublin reluctant to call the loan a `` bail-out '' .  problems caused by cheap loans which fueled demand for housin .
 texas community trucks in water to stem shortage <sec> spicewood beach may need supplemental water for several months , official says .  the community 's water supply is `` dangerously low '' .  the town is under a stage 4 water emergenc .
 report : exploited workers lose $ 20b a year <sec> global profits from human trafficking , forced labor reach $ 36 billion , u.n. says .  eighty percent of forced labor is in private economy , says ilo report author .  bahrain has introduced the labour market regulatory authority to register workers .  bahrain foreign ministry : top priority is to reduce role of middleme .
 move over , barbie ! make room for 'average ' lammily doll <sec> the lammily doll is the antithesis of barbie .  the doll 's proportions are based on cdc data , the toy maker says .  creator says he took inspiration from his own high school experienc .
 suspect charged in killing of south african soccer star <sec> zanokuhle mbatha is charged with murder and robbery in senzo meyiwa 's death .  mbatha appears in court and will be given time to apply for legal aid .  `` there are still suspects outstanding , '' authorities say .  meyiwa was fatally shot sunday during a botched robbery , authorities sa .
 teacher suspended after giving student a twitter lesson <sec> a teacher confronts a student who posted obscene insults on twitter .  a viral online video shows the classroom confrontation .  official : the teacher has been temporarily pulled from the classroo .
 actor dennis hopper diagnosed with prostate cancer <sec> actor dennis hopper is being treated at the university of southern california .  the actor has cancelled upcoming travel to focus on his treatment .  he was hospitalized in late september with flu-like symptoms and stomach pain .  hopper just finished shooting the second season of the starz drama `` crash .
 marquez makes history as motogp 's youngest winner <sec> spain 's marc marquez becomes youngest winner of a premier level motorcyling race .  the 20-year-old triumphs in just his second motogp event since moving up from moto2 .  his teammate dani pedrosa finishes second at inaugural grand prix of the americas .  marquez is tied with world champion jorge lorenzo ahead of their home grand pri .
 search for airasia victims resumes <sec> eighth day of the search for the airasia flight has begun .  official says four large objects have been found underwater using sonar .  30 bodies have been recovered ; six have been identifie .
 review : sizing up google 's nexus 10 tablet <sec> google 's new 10-inch tablet is a direct competitor to apple 's full-size ipad .  the 16gb version will cost $ 399 and the 32gb version $ 499 .  it will be running a new version of android 's jelly bean operating system .  the tablet goes on sale november 1 .
 8 amazing american caves <sec> formations at virginia 's luray caverns are reminiscent of giant church organs .  swarms of bats are part of the show during summer at new mexico 's carlsbad caverns .  minnesota 's niagara cave has a 60-foot waterfal .
 florida boy , 6 , drowns in carnival cruise ship pool <sec> a florida boy drowns in a cruise ship swimming pool , carnival , police say .  a dj noticed the boy struggling and stopped the music , a cnn ireporter says .  a guest pulled the boy from the pool , and a crew member tried to revive him , witness says .  carnival cruise pools do not have lifeguards , a company spokeswoman say .
 why finland 's schools are top-notch ( opinion ) <sec> many american parents worry about their kids getting good grades and doing well in school .  pasi sahlberg : finland has one of the leading education systems in the world .  he says u.s. can learn from finland in building an education system that enhances equity .  sahlberg : u.s. education focuses on testing and data , which skews teaching prioritie .
 toll of mexico plane crash rises to 13 <sec> new : u.s. agency sends investigative team to help .  death toll in mexican plane crash rises to 13 , report says .  mexico 's interior minister and two high-ranking officials among those killed .  interior minister is country 's second most-powerful pos .
 us now japan 's number one export country <sec> us demand shrinks japan trade deficit to narrowest in nine months .  japan 's march deficit was y362bn , or about us $ 3.7bn .  us topples china as number one export destinatio .
 accused killers nabbed day after escaping through ceiling of missouri jail <sec> new : one inmate feared he 'd be shot by residents , a local sheriff says .  2 accused murderers and 1 other escape from a southeastern missouri jail .  they get out through a ceiling in a shower stall out of sight of cameras , guards .  they were found hiding in a vehicle in a salvage yard , a state trooper say .
 boston bombing suspect 's widow is assisting investigation , lawyer says <sec> katherine russell `` is doing everything '' to help investigators , lawyer says .  russell saw her husband hours before he died , a source says .  tamerlan tsarnaev was arrested for domestic violence a year before marriage .  `` she knew nothing about '' her husband being a suspect , russell 's lawyer say .
 how schools stifle creativity <sec> sir ken robinson : we 're born with great natural talents .  he says schools systematically suppress many of those innate talents .  schools use testing and other systems to narrowly assess students , he says .  he says they devalue forms of creativity that do n't fit in academic context .
 joplin student : after tornado , 'life changed forever ' <sec> a tornado that hit joplin , missouri , in may destroyed parts of town and killed more than 150 .  the home of lydia mcallister , a senior at joplin high school , was destroyed .  joplin students return to school this week .  lydia : `` i think about the tornado every day , but it gets easier .
 obama decries quran-burning , violent responses <sec> new : obama remembers victims , decries burning of quran .  witnesses say the police shot protesters in kandahar .  florida pastor terry jones ' church website says a copy of the quran was burned .  the protest follows a deadly attack on a u.n. compound in mazar-e shari .
 dallas cowboys players involved in fatal crash were 'like brothers ' <sec> the mother and grandmother of jerry brown jr. appear on cnn 's `` piers morgan tonight '' .  brown , an outside linebacker on the dallas practice squad , was killed in a weekend car crash .  his teammate , josh brent , was arrested on suspicion of intoxication manslaughter .  `` my heart , every part of me aches , '' says brown 's grandmothe .
 14 amazing cruises setting sail in 2015 <sec> croisieurope 's loire princesse will be the first overnight cruise on the loire river .  viking cruises is set to introduce its first ocean-bound ship , the viking star .  p & o britannia will be the first brand to offer a culinary school aboard a british ship .  cruisers can take in egypt from the river nile aboard the all-suite river tosc .
 former pop star sworn in as haiti 's new president <sec> new : michel martelly proclaims : `` a new haiti ( is ) open for business now ! '' .  new : thousands cheered his inauguration as president in port-au-prince .  once a bad-boy musician , he won the election with promises to bring change .  he has promised a free education for young haitians and better public safet .
 obama will get little time to celebrate <sec> david rothkopf : winner of the presidential race facing urgent crises .  he says the winner has to pick his team for next four years , deal with fiscal cliff .  but the biggest challenge facing white house is the economy and inequality , rothkopf says .  rothkopf : america 's challenges can be overcome , but not if partisan gridlock gets in the wa .
 n.c. cleans up from twisters ; midwest , south brace for wild weather <sec> tornadoes rip eastern north carolina .  hundreds of houses damaged , thousands lose power .  agency : conditions could be dangerous from sunday through tuesday .  tornadoes , wind and hail are possible throughout midwest and sout .
 2020 european championships to be held across continent <sec> 2020 european championships to be played across continent .  the move is designed to be a one-off event to coincide with tournament 's 60th anniversary .  uefa stresses that financial strains for a single host nation underpin the decision .  cities will start bidding in 2013 , with a decision expected in 201 .
 retribution a byproduct or warning sign in libya ? <sec> human rights watch calls for investigations of apparent reprisal killings .  `` the aftermath of a very brutal dictatorship is usually very ugly , '' an analyst says .  `` a revolution is not a tea party , '' china 's mao tse-tung said .  like gadhafi , other dictators also have met inglorious end .
 reports of torture , killing in libya , says u.n. secretary general <sec> gadhafi offers to increase state salaries and give families money .  libyan ambassador : `` it 's not a crime to say 'i want to be free ' `` .  ban : `` the violence must stop '' .  u.s. suspends embassy operations in tripol .
 suicide bombings in christian area of pakistani city kill at least 14 <sec> the pakistani taliban claims responsibility for the suicide bombings .  at least 78 people were wounded in the attack , hospital official say .
 as sewol crew is scorned , young worker hailed as heroine <sec> more crew members have been charged in the sewol sinking incident .  but survivors tell of a young crew member who helped students get life jackets .  she refused one herself , witnesses tell south korean media .  students weep outside danwon high school , where many remain missin .
 saudi hackers claim release of israeli credit card info <sec> the hackers claim to be from saudi arabia .  only about 15,000 credit card numbers were posted , the bank of israel says .  israel is currently setting up a national cyber headquarters to combat such crime .
 polls , lies and 'the prediction business ' <sec> some people jump to conclusions based on polls , putting uncertainty aside .  we 're uncomfortable with uncertainty -- hence the market for predictions .  fivethirtyeight.com 's nate silver : a `` dose of humility '' necessary .  when predictions go wrong , some people deny the resul .
 what if there 's somebody else out there ? <sec> jill tarter says the seti institute is offering the world raw cosmic data from its telescopes .  she said technology has enabled nonscientists to help search for extraterrestrial life .  when the setiquest site is fully developed , even kids will be able to search data .  tarter : more people combing data means a greater possibility of finding signs of lif .
