 bruce dismissed as sunderland manager <sec> sunderland manager steve bruce has been sacked after saturday 's 2-1 defeat by wigan .  that defeat left sunderland 16th in the premier league , just two points above the drop zone .  bruce is the first manager to lose his job in the english premier league this seaso .
 woods : i shot myself in the foot <sec> tiger woods slumps to a two-over 72 in first round of players championship .  now seven shots off first round leader ian poulter .  woods in danger of missing second cut in a row .  poulter claims success comes from playing less gol .
 cricket world cup : new zealand into final <sec> new zealand edge a thriller against south african to reach cricket world cup final .  grant elliott hits a six in the final over to seal kiwi victory in front of auckland crowd .  south africa had posted a total of 281 in a rain affected match .  new zealand will face either australia or india in the final on march 2 .
 state : investigators found 'no safety threats ' in home of dead twin <sec> new : a florida man , like his wife , is charged with murder and child abuse .  new : a police director calls the behavior `` subhuman , '' pointing to `` long-term abuse '' .  a state investigator found no reason for concern in the household .  a 10-year-old girl was found dead in plastic bag , her twin brother was burne .
 big burger boys burgle breakfast <sec> some food fights are so polite that the public may not notice .  but burger king commercialized its copying of mcdonald 's sausage mcmuffin .  burger king executive : no direct feedback from competitors .  in 2008 , mcdonald 's launched chicken sandwich similar to chik-fil-a ' .
 desperation stalks zimbabwe 's white farmers <sec> zimbabwe white farmers battle continuing policy of land redistribution .  one farmer shows cnn his fire-destroyed farmhouse .  controversial policy gives white-owned farms to landless blacks .  since 2000 , more than 4,000 commercial farmers driven off their lan .
 palace announces details of royal wedding <sec> the queen will host the wedding reception at buckingham palace .  prince charles will host a dinner and dancing in the evening .  the palace also announced the processional rout .
 first official commercial cargo flight heading to international space station <sec> the spacex president says it was `` just awesome '' .  the spacex rocket launches on schedule at 8:35 p.m . .  et sunday .  it 's the first of a dozen commercial cargo flights under a contract with nasa .  the dragon capsule is carrying 1,000 pounds of supplies to the is .
 feds : mississippi county runs 'school-to-prison pipeline ' <sec> u.s. justice department accuses lauderdale county of violating rights of pupils .  federal officials : juveniles accused of school offenses are jailed , not given due process .  african-americans and children with disabilities are most affected .  in 2010 , the county settled a separate class-action suit and pledged juvenile justice reform .
 homeland security chief apologizes to veterans groups <sec> janet napolitano regrets line in report on extremist groups .  report said returning veterans are ripe for recruiting by extremists .  american legion objects to report ; vfw defends it .  conservative radio hosts , bloggers had brought attention to repor .
 police : loyalist paramilitaries behind northern ireland violence <sec> new : alliance party councillor linda cleland was among those those affected by the violence .  about 1,000 loyalist supporters rally in front of belfast city hall .  senior police officer appeals for protesters to stay at home .  tensions have mounted this week since city councilors voted against flying the union fla .
 long wait over as japan 's nishikori makes semifinals <sec> kei nishikori the first japanese man to make a grand slam semifinal in over 80 years .  world no . .  10 is also the first to grace a u.s. open semifinal since 1918 .  he will next play world no . .  1 novak djokovic , who beat britain 's andy murray .  defending champion serena williams to play ekaterina makarova in women 's semi .
 spectacular beach art that 's destroyed at high tide <sec> artist andres amador started drawing on beaches with rake and rope in 2004 .  he draws geometric patterns on beaches over areas up to 9,300 square meters .  amador does n't mind that they wash awa .
 'wheel of fortune ' contestant blows 'surf city ' puzzle <sec> `` wheel of fortune '' contestant stephen dryer should have waited a few more letters .  he tells tmz he forgot the category , which was song lyrics .  we 're still trying to figure out what surf clay is .  he still won $ 7,200 and will go on a cruis .
 a walk in the park : hiking yosemite 's north rim <sec> a four-day , 31-mile hike along yosemite 's north rim did n't go exactly as planned .  weather and difficulty finding trail markers led hikers to change their planned route .  the hikers endured different types of terrain and multiple challenges .  the group was prepared with gps , maps , a compass and gear for various condition .
 amsterdam for tourists : what 's legal ? <sec> recreational drugs are illegal in the netherlands , but there 's an official policy of tolerance .  possession of small amounts of cannabis is not a crime .  prostitution is legal .  wearing a bike helmet is not required and there 's no cigarette smoking in public place .
 shuttle discovery docks with space station <sec> shuttle discovery reaches international space station despite loss of shuttle 's radar system .  four women are aboard same spacecraft for first time .  13-day mission includes three spacewalks , replacement of ammonia tank assembl .
 security forces , protesters face off in iran <sec> security forces confront protesters across tehran .  some 3,000 mourners gather at the grave site of neda agha-soltan .  agha-soltan , 26 , was shot in street protests after election on june 20 .  security forces rough up , beat some mourners , witnesses sa .
 silence over sexual violence : arab women take stand on 'absurd honor ' <sec> women took to the streets during the arab spring demanding greater rights .  but activists say women 's rights have fallen off the agenda after the uprising .  the say the success of islamist parties is further jeopardizing the status of women .  an online campaign is fighting to keep women 's rights in the spotligh .
 she shoots wildfire photos amid the flames <sec> kari greer shoots wildland fire photos for national interagency fire center .  `` the bug bit and i developed a kind of passion for it , '' she says .  while on the job , she usually sleeps in a tent and works a 16-hour da .
 madison bumgarner becomes world series legend <sec> no one could have predicted madison bumgarner would have enough to pitch five innings .  jeremy affeldt was just as good , tossing more scoreless innings .  royals fans stay after game to show their pride .  one person shot in san francisco , cnn affiliate report .
 silent streets after apparent protest plans in zimbabwe <sec> freezimactivists apparently planned zimbabwe million citizen march for tuesday .  protest was apparently to end 31-year reign of president robert mugabe .  planning team in zimbabwe might have backed off because of riot police , says one activis .
 nadal to make long-awaited tennis return <sec> rafael nadal to end six months of injury-enforced absence in abu dhabi later this month .  the 11-time grand slam champion has not played since the wimbledon championships in june .  novak djokovic and serena williams named itf world champions of 201 .
 review : javier colon 's 'come through for you ' <sec> javier colon was the inaugural winner of nbc 's hit talent contest `` the voice '' .  his pure-toned tenor voice sets him apart .  `` come through for you '' features guest vocals from his `` voice '' mentor adam levin .
 same-sex marriages start in new jersey <sec> newark mayor conducts marriages of several same-sex couples .  a court denied the state 's request to temporarily prevent such marriages last week .  new jersey has allowed same-sex civil unions since 200 .
 one quarter of giant panda habitat lost in sichuan quake <sec> new report on affect of 2008 sichuan earthquake on wild giant panda population .  report : 23 percent of habitat has disappeared ; 60 percent of giant pandas affected .  estimates that wild panda population in affected region could be as low as 3 .
 army keeps peace in mexico , but at what price ? <sec> police in ciudad juarez , mexico , reported third straight day without a drug slaying .  questions remain about whether increased security efforts can work long term .  polls consistently show security is top concern among vast majority of mexicans .  distrust of military has long been part of social fabric of mexican lif .
 vaccines : mississippi can teach california ( opinion ) <sec> john sutter : california should boost its vaccine laws .  the state offers exemptions for religious and personal beliefs .  sutter points to mississippi as a better example ; that state offers neither exemptio .
 do n't feign outrage over torture report ( opinion ) <sec> michael pregent : the world will feign outrage over `` revelations '' in the new torture report .  pregent : the most damaging result may be that the report 's findings would set us back .  he says u.s. intelligence agencies fighting terrorism need our support .  pregent : terrorists may cooperate less with interrogators if agencies are constraine .
 northern ireland leaders condemn belfast bomb blast <sec> new : first minister peter robinson condemns belfast bomb blast as `` despicable '' .  a warning was telephoned to a newspaper but the wrong location was given , police said .  police say the small bomb , left in central belfast , could have killed or injured passersby .  sinn fein lawmaker condemns `` reckless '' act by people whose `` only allegiance is to violence .
 bbc drops thatcher in racist remark row <sec> carol thatcher referred to a tennis player as a `` golliwog '' backstage .  thatcher , 55 , described her comment as a `` joke '' .  bbc axed her as a contributer from the prime-time television show .  thatcher spokesman : `` carol never intended any racist comment .
 some drugs legal in ireland -- but only temporarily <sec> court of appeals rules certain parts of drug law are unconstitutional .  the catch : it 's still illegal to sell the drugs .  irish government is rushing to fix la .
 olympic legend phelps : 'i 'm done with swimming ' <sec> michael phelps confirms to cnn he will retire from competitive swimming .  the american is the most decorated olympian of all time , with 22 medals .  `` the baltimore bullet '' took six medals at london 2012 , including four golds .  phelps backs compatriot ryan lochte and france 's yannick agnel to continue to shin .
 artists 'reimagine ' iconic photography <sec> aperture asks 10 artists to create new works inspired by images from its backlist .  finished works used in aperture 's 60th anniversary multimedia exhibit .  reinterpreted works take various forms : photo books , video slideshow .
 explosions , gunfire erupt in yemen 's capital city , witnesses say <sec> witnesses say security forces use bulldozers and fire to dismantle camps in taiz .  a government spokesman denies attacking protesters .  20 now are dead in clashes in taiz , medical sources say .  the yemeni air force launches strikes against militants in zinjiba .
 sebelius : obamacare website problems blindsided the president - cnnpolitics.com <sec> hhs secretary 's comments `` surprising , '' senate gop leadership aide tells cnn .  delaying the website 's launch was `` not really an option , '' the nation 's health chief says .  she says an `` a-team '' of experts is coming in , 3 weeks after the website 's launch .  warren buffett : `` it 's a huge screw-up , but it will get worked out .
 obama says u.s. 'hammering ' isis in speech to troops <sec> president barack obama traveled to fort dix , new jersey , on monday to visit troops .  obama said the u.s. is `` hammering '' isis .  gop gov . .  chris christie met the obama on the tarma .
 u.s. broke international law by executing mexican national , says u.n . <sec> the u.n. high commissioner for human rights says u.s. breached international law .  humberto leal garcia , a mexican national , was not granted consular access .  the u.s. supreme court denied a stay of execution .  leal was not informed of his right to contact the mexican consulate upon his arres .
 keep nelson mandela in thoughts and prayers , zuma says <sec> nelson mandela has undergone a series of treatments recently .  the 94-year-old former president was discharged from the hospital last week .  mandela will continue receiving treatment at his home , zuma says .  he has not appeared in public since south africa hosted the world cup in 201 .
 temple killings put spotlight on 'hate rock ' <sec> white supremacist bands like wade page 's draw kids , cash into the movement .  expert : music `` bridges the gap '' between youth rebellion and white supremacy .  festival crowds `` have the mindset of a pit bull , '' former fbi agent say .
 opinion : stephen colbert should apologize <sec> a controversial tweet from @ colbertreport raised a firestorm over racial satire .  aaron schiller : though stephen colbert did n't post it , he should apologize .  he says the tweet , taken from a line he spoke , is offensive for asian-americans .  schiller : just because he is a comedian does n't mean he can tell offensive joke .
 fiscal cliff winners and losers <sec> biden and mcconnell lauded for their ability to work together on deal .  obama sticks to his guns on deal -- for the most part .  boehner takes some licks in fiscal cliff drama .  congressional republicans criticized for threatening dea .
 as bill speaks , hillary clinton is half a world away <sec> hillary clinton will be in east timor when bill clinton speaks at the democratic convention .  some clinton-watchers see an ulterior motive in hillary clinton 's absence .  she and barack obama fought for the democratic nomination four years ago .  but there 's a less adversarial reason -- by law , the secretary of state ca n't be ther .
 ski champ lindsey vonn injures knee in race crash <sec> new : lindsey vonn suffered right knee ligament damage and a fracture .  new : four-time alpine world cup champion released from hospital .  snow prevented her from practicing on the race course monday .  vonn won the downhill gold in the 2010 olympics in vancouve .
 bolshoi 's sergei filin : i ca n't forgive attackers who took my eyesight <sec> `` it 's not just a problem with my eyes , it 's a problem with my heart , '' says sergei filin .  filin says he accepts court 's verdict for his attackers but can not forgive them .  `` it hurt all over my skin and i immediately felt an atrocious pain in my eyes , '' he says of attac .
 fsu gunman myron may sent 10 packages , officials say <sec> u.s . .  postal inspection service says myron may mailed 10 packages .  one intended recipient says he was told long letter , jump drive inside .  packages on way to fbi for analysi .
 what do we know about russia 's troop buildup on ukraine 's border ? <sec> new : nato chief says he ca n't confirm russian withdrawal from area bordering ukraine .  russia says one battalion is being pulled back from border region after finishing drills .  u.s. officials say russia may have as many as 40,000 troops near its border with ukraine .  nato commander gen. breedlove says russia has a sizable force that is `` very , very ready .
 uk to probe iraq abuse , killing claims <sec> uk to hold public inquiry into allegations iraqis were killed and abused after firefight five years ago .  allegations center around aftermath of firefight in 2004 at checkpoint in maysan province , southern iraq .  former detainees and family of a slain iraqi say at least 20 people were killed and others were abused .  uk defense ministry says the 20 people died in battle and people detained were not mistreate .
 opinion : democrats , show some spine on taxes <sec> julian zelizer : when republicans attack progressive taxes , democrats usually hide .  he says democrats need to advocate for a progressive system and use it to fund programs .  the gop 's `` starve the beast '' strategy has kept government from tackling key problems , he say .
 five surprising salaries <sec> court reporters cash in a big check for keeping up with every word in court .  astronomers make $ 96,000 but there are only 1,700 of them in the u.s . .  despite high stress , fast nature of their job , paramedics have a low salar .
 trial delayed of scientists accused over l'aquila quake <sec> a senior italian scientist says the trial is about how information was relayed .  six scientists and a government official are charged over the 2009 quake .  prosecutors say they gave misleading information about the risks .  the tremor killed more than 300 people and caused huge damag .
 why black friday shoppers endure the crush <sec> the communal aspect of black friday shopping can often outweigh the hassle .  many families have turned black friday into a thanksgiving tradition .  if you ca n't wait in long lines or shop patiently , black friday veterans advise : do n't go .
 new mexico slated to consider changes to immigrant driver 's licenses <sec> new : special session to address other issues could last up to 30 days .  the house passes a measure requiring applicants to have social security cards .  utah and washington also grant undocumented immigrants license .
 prince william and dads everywhere show 'mr . mom ' is outdated <sec> `` mr . .  mom '' was made 30 years ago , and created the archetypical stay-at-home dad .  modern fathers are rejecting the `` mr . .  mom '' label as outmoded .  surveys show fathers doing more and more primary child care tasks at home .  stay-at-home fathers say they are simply doing their duty , not shooting for perfectio .
 spain 's king juan carlos i to abdicate <sec> some spaniards rally , calling for an end to the monarchy .  it is `` time to hand over to a new generation , '' the king says in a televised statement .  crown prince felipe will succeed the king .  many feel king juan carlos ' finest hour was a stand against a cou .
 eu moves toward lifting libya sanctions <sec> new : italy and spain release hundreds of millions of euros in blocked libyan assets .  restrictions on ports , the oil and gas industry and financial institutions could be removed this week .  world leaders meet in paris this week to hammer out a way ahead on libya after gadhafi .  they 'll discuss elections , freeing assets and how to restore basic service .
 'game of thrones ' : hbo apologizes for decapitated 'bush ' head on stake <sec> `` game of thrones '' creators admit that george w. bush 's likeness appears in a scene .  hbo statement : `` we were deeply dismayed to see this and find it unacceptable '' .  company says it will be removed from future dvd .
 hassan rouhani : iran will keep nuclear program for peaceful purposes <sec> new : the world must `` prevent iran from getting nuclear weapons , '' israeli pm says .  at davos summit , iranian president presses reengagement with the world .  but iran will `` under no conditions '' give up peaceful nuclear program , he says .  rouhani calls for free elections in syria , says opposition and government need to tal .
 cancer patient gives birth to quadruplets <sec> ashley adams was diagnosed with stage 1 thyroid cancer four months into her pregnancy .  ashley waited until after the babies ' birth at 30 weeks to undergo cancer surgery .  one month after cancer surgery , ashley is recovering and the babies are growin .
 tennessee executes man for couple 's slaying <sec> steve henley dies by lethal injection early wednesday for 1985 death of couple .  henley was convicted of shooting fred and edna stafford , setting farmhouse on fire .  tennessee had not executed anyone since september 200 .
 'super gras ' a big score for new orleans <sec> new orleans ' superbowl and mardi gras excitement has been dubbed 'super gras ' .  the big game inspired $ 1.3 billion in infrastructure improvements , city officials say .  mardi gras parades are already rolling with the big day on february 1 .
 dutch youth lives under shadow of holloway case 5 years later <sec> alabama teenager natalee holloway disappeared in 2005 on aruba .  joran van der sloot arrested twice , never charged .  critics see youth as privileged playboy .  has told conflicting stories in holloway cas .
 ryder cup : mcilroy knocked by mickelson 's mind games ? <sec> phil mickelson draws first blood in battle with world no . .  1 rory mcilroy .  american seals a victory over the european pairing on the final hole .  mcilroy and mickelson verbally joust in build up to ryder cup contest at gleneagles .  thousands of spectators drawn to watch climax of compelling fourball battl .
 obama faces test on afghanistan , pakistan <sec> obama to meet with leaders of afghanistan , pakistan on wednesday .  president 's ambitious agenda for nations faces its first critical test .  recent taliban gains in nuclear-armed pakistan especially worrisome .  analysis : lack of influence with the populace could weaken obama 's han .
