 rand paul : 'fight for justice now ' on unfair sentencing - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rand paul wants to alter criminal sentencing rules that adversely affect minorities .  his national urban league speech is part of his stepped-up outreach effort .  new jersey gov . .  chris christie has sounded similar theme .
 belgrade harnesses new energy to rebuild once again <sec> the historic area of savamala is today the cultural heartbeat of belgrade .  once neglected and ugly , the neighborhood is now the home of artists and designers .  the serbian capital has been destroyed and rebuilt some 40 time .
 did 'white widow ' samantha lewthwaite spy on kenya mall ? <sec> british-born terror suspect samantha lewthwaite , or `` white widow , '' has eluded kenyan police .  landlord of `` white widow '' says lewthwaite `` changed her phone number '' several times a day .  lewthwaite was married to one of the bombers who attacked london in 2005 .  authorities say lewthwaite became part of a terror cell linked to the somali group al-shabaa .
 green street project aims to keep toxic water out of chesapeake bay <sec> new road will help clean storm water pollution that drains into rivers , chesapeake bay .  road will divert runoff into natural gardens designed to filter water .  plan also uses native tree cover to cool streets , wind-powered street lights .  project aims to reduce storm water pollution , air pollution , fallout to the bay , official say .
 startupbus puts coders into overdrive on road to sxsw <sec> 40 teams on six buses compete for 48 hours for one winning business idea .  result is two days of frantic business development on road to sxsw conference .  past participants say experience has been integral to personal and professional developmen .
 singer chris brown clears another probation hurdle <sec> chris brown is three years into his five years of probation for the 2009 assault on rihanna .  brown travels to trinidad , an island close to rihanna 's native barbados this month , his lawyer says .  the singer has completed his community labor and other probation requirements , the judge says .  his probation has been transferred from his hometown of richmond , virginia , to los angele .
 mood 'tense ' among los angeles officers as ex-cop vows to hunt them <sec> two lapd cops patrol in the ex-cop 's old beat , saying they `` do n't think he 'll bring the fight into l.a . '' .  all 10,000 lapd officers are on tactical alert , with one stating : `` we 're maxed deployed '' .  meanwhile , two patrolling sheriff 's deputies are on edge as ex-cop has pledged to kill police .  `` he 's a scary guy , '' a 24-year veteran deputy say .
 suspect in museum shooting extradited to belgium <sec> he is suspected in the may 24 shooting in which four people were killed .  prosecutors say he recently spent a year in syria and is a radicalized islamist .  the 29-year-old has been extradited to belgium from franc .
 u.s. marine tells of abuse in mexican prison , but says he 's hopeful <sec> marine says he was hit , left naked , shackled , deprived in mexican prison .  he says conditions have improved after media coverage .  over 100,000 people sign white house petition to demand his release .  the u.s. marine says he accidentally crossed mexican border with 3 guns in marc .
 are they alive ? in waiting , families grieve for loved ones missing in haiti <sec> new : woman finds out through cousin that her 83-year-old mother is alive .  families are using social media and the internet to find people affected by the earthquake .  psychologists say the panic and frustration experienced by families is similar to 9/11 .  `` everyone grieves differently , '' said kristi cooper , a family life field specialis .
 robinho to face music on man city return <sec> robinho will return to manchester city in time for return to training next week .  city manager mark hughes reveals robinho flew to brazil without permission .  however , hughes says their failure to sign kaka was not linked to his decisio .
 fda : use hpv tests over pap tests to find cervical cancer <sec> fda advisory committee says a particular hpv test should be first line of screening .  pap test has been first way to diagnose cervical cancer for 60 years .  women 's health experts say patients who do n't have hpv are less likely to need a pa .
 women 's power : a story with sharp divide <sec> frida ghitis : hillary clinton illness and new delhi rape tell different stories about state of women .  she says women 's equality faces sharp divide ; some ascend , most kept powerless .  she says egypt 's new constitution presents time-bomb for new oppression of women .  ghitis : progress for women needs strong legislation , education , sometimes protest .
 arab spring , africa provide backdrop to nobel peace prize <sec> three women to jointly receive the 2011 nobel peace prize .  prize recognizes non-violent struggle of safety of women and women 's rights .  prize winners to be honored with a concert on sunday hosted by helen mirre .
 more than 220 rescued from ice floes off latvian coast <sec> a man who first refused help is taken safely back to shore , a report says .  two ice floes break off from the latvian coast and are blown into the gulf of riga .  helicopters and boats carry more than 220 people to safety , emergency officials say .  a crack appeared in ice that had been attached to the shore , a journalist at the scene say .
 space : why landing on a comet is in our dna ( opinion ) <sec> gene seymour : philae landing amazing , but people still grouse about whether expense worth it .  americans loved-hated space travel since challenge of sputnik . .  they want in , but leery of cost .  he says pioneering is in u.s. dna ; earthbound endeavors should n't preclude space ones .  seymour : `` interstellar '' notes change from explorers to `` caretakers .
 behind the scenes : small-town voters talk economic pain , politics <sec> coaldale is the type of town barack obama described last week .  obama offended some by saying small-town pennsylvanians were `` bitter '' .  coaldale faces shrinking population , tough economic times .  local residents give a glimpse into the minds of small-town voter .
 actor david arquette finishes rehab treatment <sec> arquette entered rehab over the new year 's weekend .  the actor has completed his treatment , his rep say .
 quake 's toll on haitian art , heritage and income <sec> among earthquake 's destruction were museums , galleries with artistic treasures .  `` they 're painting their lives . .  they 're recording their history , '' expert says of haiti artists .  artist sifts through rubble to save artwork in order to preserve histor .
 mccain , kerry talk u.s. , egyptian economies in cairo <sec> a stop in cairo is part of a broader trip to promote u.s. economic ties .  the senators are leading a delegation of american businessmen .  both mccain and kerry spoke at a coca-cola plant in cairo .  they also met with egyptian leader .
 ladies , try marketing approach to get a man <sec> marriage consultant rachel greenwald 15-step program to finding `` the one '' .  greenwald says she treats singleness as a marketing issue .  one of the 15 steps includes calling everyone you know and asking them to set you u .
 white house , experts dismiss iran naval threat to u.s. coast <sec> the white house says it does n't take the iranian claim seriously .  a pentagon spokesman questions iran 's naval capability .  miltiary experts say iran is incapable of deploying ships off the u.s. coast .  state-run news agency says there will be a `` powerful presence '' near u.s. border .
 protests of police shootings in d.c. , nyc <sec> protests take place in major cities including new york and d.c . .  eric garner 's mother says marches are `` a history-making moment '' .  one protester decries `` systematic racism '' in government .  the crowds demand a more aggressive federal respons .
 first daughter of massachusetts to wed partner <sec> massachusetts gov . .  deval patrick announces daughter 's engagement .  katherine patrick , 25 , will marry partner alisha lemieux , 21 .  massachusetts became first state to legalize same-sex marriage in 200 .
 opinion : a lesson for chris christie from richard nixon <sec> david frum : chris christie 's team broke rules to gain revenge against opponent .  he says question for governor is whether he can learn from this episode .  running for president is a test of character , frum says ; can christie overcome his flaws ? .  frum : ex-president nixon realized too late that hating his opponents was his undoin .
 the secrets of french open champions <sec> maria sharapova is the defending women 's champion at this year 's french open .  there have been five different female winners in paris in the past five years .  click on the panel strips in the interactive to discover their storie .
 ivory coast 's simone gbagbo sentenced to 20 years <sec> her husband is in icc custody over similar charges .  ivory coast refused to transfer simone gbagbo to ic .
 india looks to pakistan for answers after texts trigger mass panic <sec> indian minister blames `` elements in pakistan '' for circulating false stories .  government blocks 245 web pages for hosting harmful content .  threatening texts , rumors prompted thousands to flee several indian citie .
 senior gop lawmaker wants to see legal case for bergdahl swap <sec> justice department gave legal advice to defense department on the swap .  top republican wants to see the legal analysis underlying the decision .  it illustrates that latest salvo in clashes between president obama and congress on consultatio .
 'green ' revolution under way in rural china <sec> half a million households have traditionally used wood for cooking , heating , housing .  village leader zhang chengui was first in meiquan to adopt alternative energy .  hundreds of households have since signed on , thanks to credit and grants .  zhang 's income has tripled ; children freed up to attend university , he say .
 world 's top destinations for 2012 <sec> travel experts name nine great destinations to explore next year .  england will host the olympic games , celebrate queen elizabeth 's diamond jubilee .  date sparks interest in the maya ; big flower show is set to take place in the netherlands .  canadian city will commemorate its connection to the titanic 100 years after disaste .
 black sabbath 's bill ward officially pulls out of reunion gigs <sec> bill ward has declined to play at any of the black sabbath 's three gigs scheduled this year .  sabbath asked him to play this saturday 's gig for free without any guarantee .  `` i 'm very , very sorry that it 's fallen to this , '' ward said in a statemen .
 rhinos on a plane : life-saving mission across borders <sec> the black rhino population has plummeted 97.6 % since 1960 .  poaching is on the rise in south africa . .  over 1,000 rhinos were hunted last year .  charity rhinos without borders is planning to populate botswana with rhinos .  botswana has the lowest poaching level in afric .
 rand paul plays up ebola fears - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rand paul said the government is downplaying the ebola .  he says the u.s. should consider canceling flights from ebola countries .  paul has concerns about u.s. troops going over to hel .
 5 ways to beat the winter blues <sec> heated mouse aims to keep you warm in the office when gloves are n't an option .  `` influenza sorbet '' of cayenne , ginger , maker 's mark , claims to help cure the flu .  nest , the learning thermostat , can be programmed to match your daily activitie .
 world cup : germany and argentina face date with destiny <sec> germany faces argentina in sunday 's world cup final .  argentina has not won tournament since 1986 .  germany 's most recent victory came in 1990 .  third time teams have met in world cup fina .
 restaurants assure customers lettuce is safe amid recall <sec> just salad sent e-mail to customers saying it confirmed safety .  freshway foods is voluntarily recalling lettuce possibly contaminated with e. coli .  e. coli outbreak has sickened 19 people in michigan , ohio and new yor .
 the high stakes of melting himalayan glaciers <sec> climate change has potential for conflict over water resources .  himalayan glaciers could disappear by 2035 according to ipcc .  conflict between countries possible ; internal problems more likely .  holy river of ganges could become seasonal and disrupt religious custom .
 reporting your family story : a user guide <sec> mark whitaker set out to tell the story of his family , a year after his father died .  his parents were an interracial couple who braved prejudice and faced many struggles .  to tell your family 's story , act like a reporter , interview your older relatives , whitaker says .  search for any documents that could help and explore surrounding histor .
 sifting through the mounting problem of e-waste <sec> export of electronic products for recycling creating health and environment problems .  developed nations that export e-waste criticized by many for lack of responsibility .  study from greenpeace suggest only around 20 percent recycled safely .  organized crime involved in e-waste trading according to un report in jul .
 vongfong slams into kyushu , continues path across japan <sec> tropical storm vongfong hits kyushu , the southernmost of japan 's four main islands .  at least 36 injuries have been reported .  japan 's four main islands are expected to get up to 40cm of rai .
 sheriff : bone fragment found near garrido home 'probably human ' <sec> authorities : bone found near home where jaycee dugard allegedly held captive .  investigators : accused abductor philip garrido had access to area where bone found .  fragment was analyzed by outside expert , will go on to state dna lab .  garrido , wife nancy pleaded not guilty to abducting dugard in 1991 , other crime .
 explosions in kenya leave at least 10 dead , officials say <sec> police : blasts were caused by grenades , two arrested .  two explosions killed 10 people in central nairobi , officials said .  kenyan president expressed his sympathy to those affected .  attacks come after u.s. , australia , uk issue travel alert .
 anti-police demonstrators sing 'justice carols ' in nyc <sec> protesters sing anti-police songs set to christmas carols .  more die-ins held in new york city and chicago .  eric garner 's mother : `` we do n't want any violence but keep on moving on '' .  in california , some smash windows at nearby businesse .
 jason rezaian 's mother makes personal plea ( opinion ) <sec> the washington post 's jason rezaian has been detained in iran since july .  mary rezaian : time to release my son or let him face a fair tria .
 rioters rampage through huntington beach after surf competition <sec> riot breaks out after u.s. open of surfing in huntington beach , california .  police fire pepper-spray pellets to try to disperse crowd .  eight people arrested .  police : windows smashed , vehicles damage .
 vibrant shakhtar sink european champions chelsea <sec> shakhtar donetsk inflict first champions league defeat on chelsea since the english side 's triumph in may .  john terry sports anti-racism armband a year to the day after abusing anton ferdinand .  barcelona and manchester united come from behind to win at home against celtic and braga .  bayern munich return to winning ways as last year 's runners-up rebound from shock defeat in belaru .
 aston villa : does it get any duller than this ? <sec> aston villa have scored just 11 goals during the 2014-15 premier league season .  the birmingham-based club are the lowest scorers in the english football league .  despite their low scoring , villa sit 12th in the table .  paul lambert 's team play bottom-placed leicester city on saturda .
 singapore : lee kuan yew 's condition deteriorates <sec> health of singapore 's first prime minister deteriorating .  he has been treated in icu for pneumonia since 5 february .  on tuesday , singapore said he had contracted infectio .
 dodging censors and gonzo grips : how to make a movie in china <sec> this month 's episode of `` on china '' focuses on country 's booming film industry .  episode filmed in world 's largest outdoor film studio , hengdian world studios .  director eva jin says industry operates on `` china speed , '' much faster than hollywood .  lu chuan calls for change in the censorship system to a more transparent rating syste .
 wolf blitzer 's washington <sec> great night out for blitzer : a washington nationals baseball game .  blitzer recommends eggplant parmigiana and white pizza at pines of rome in bethesda .  get a great view of the city from atop the newseum , blitzer say .
 gangster movie kenya 's first oscar contender <sec> `` nairobi half life '' considered for best foreign language film oscar .  director spent time with real-life gangsters before starting movie .  `` are we really looking at why there is crime ? '' .  asks director david gitong .
 bush : congress is not getting its work done <sec> bush : senate `` wasting valuable time '' with children 's health insurance bill .  congress `` holding hostage '' funds for troops , bush says .  bush accuses congress of gridlock , failing to promote anyone 's agenda .  democrats fire back , saying bush 's words `` ring hollow .
 six embryos ? ! how to avoid a fertility fiasco <sec> birth of octuplets in late january turned unflattering spotlight on fertility clinics .  many are asking why a doctor would implant six embryos in woman under 35 .  compare a prospective fertility clinic 's stats with national average on cdc web site .  visit online forums and discussion boards for information on fertility doctor .
 opinion : zimmerman jury selection all about race <sec> race has been an issue in the trayvon martin killing since the incident .  mark nejame says lawyers may deny it , but they will focus on race in picking a jury .  sanford , florida , has a history of racial tension , he says .  nejame : the prosecution of george zimmerman has become a lightning rod for that tensio .
 'brains collide ' during hackathon for climate change , disaster relief <sec> one dozen random hacks of kindness events held around the world .  events bring together disaster relief/climate change organizations and programmers/developers .  rhok events end with fully functional , diverse product .
 'hunger games ' cast : cheat sheet for stardom <sec> hutcherson and hemsworth will see instant hollywood fame after `` the hunger games '' .  lawrence experienced an instant rise to fame when she was nominated for an oscar .  any form of success or notoriety means everything in your life is fair gam .
 iran launches nuclear fusion program , says atomic energy chief <sec> a nuclear fusion research program was launched saturday in iran .  scientists are exploring using nuclear fusion for alternative energy .  iran is the target of international sanctions for other aspects of its nuclear progra .
 plane 's pilot , passengers tell of 8-hour wait at connecticut airport <sec> plane bound for newark on saturday was rerouted to hartford airport .  pilot : crying baby , fighting , two passengers ' medical conditions ramped up tension .  `` i 'm going to need to have the cops onboard , '' flight crew member told tower .  jetblue apologizes , saying weather and size of airport contributed to backlo .
 a tale of two former nfl players -- and their brains <sec> former nfl players wayne clark and fred mcneill participated in a ucla study .  the protein tau , linked to a brain disease , was found in both of their brains .  mcneill has early-stage dementia ; clark does not .  researchers say other variables may come into play when it comes to the diseas .
 imprisoned former detroit mayor charged with misconduct as wife visits <sec> kwame kilpatrick is serving 5-year sentence in michigan .  his wife visited him in prison on july fourth .  prison officials say he touched his wife on her breast .  the sexual misconduct charge could lead to a reduction in privilege .
 what should the white house do ? panic ! <sec> james carville : special elections are a warning to white house .  he says president obama 's approach is n't working , needs urgent fix .  obama should fire staffers whose policies are n't effective .  carville : indict wall street officials responsible for financial woe .
 bolivian protesters cut off town from world for two weeks <sec> protesters say president evo morales has ignored their plight .  they have blockaded roads and the rail line and shut down the airport .  the government wants dialog , the president 's spokesman said .  the government has no intention of using the military , the spokesman sai .
 beatles and bond : half a century on , can we now let them be ? <sec> friday marks the anniversaries of first bond film premiere and release of beatles ' debut single .  for some this offers an unmissable chance to wallow in nostalgia , says simon hooper .  but hooper believes we should n't dwell too much on the past .  perhaps it 's time to leave the sequels and re-releases behind , he say .
