 obesity rate may be worse than we think <sec> bmi , researchers say , may be an overly simplistic measure for overall health .  bmi threshold for obesity should be lowered to 24 for women and 28 for men , authors say .  authors : patients who are not considered obese are n't being told about their health risk .
 french finance minister says no eu fiscal pact without growth <sec> new : hollande and his ministers agree on a 30 % pay cut , as promised in campaigning .  prime minister jean-marc ayrault asks for a report on the state of french public finances .  new finance minister pierre moscovici says an ambitious strategy for growth is needed .  hollande 's new government stresses its commitment to its european partner .
 ventura wins $ 1.8m after suing storied ex-seal sniper <sec> jesse ventura says he is happy to be vindicated .  former minnesota governor sued the late chris kyle , alleging defamation .  ventura sued before kyle was shot to death at a texas gun range in 2013 .  kyle had said his account of ventura incident was accurat .
 new jersey : do n't trash it until you 've traveled it <sec> new jersey is the butt of jokes once again , thanks to its governor .  but from princeton to asbury park , new jersey is for travelers .  try ethnic food in jersey city ; explore nature in frenchtow .
 u.s. to begin train and equip moderate syria rebels <sec> obama administration wants to train moderate syrian rebels .  training was authorized by the white house more than a year ag .
 for democrats , second thoughts about obama ? <sec> paul sracic : are democrats now reconsidering their vote in the 2008 democratic primary ? .  hillary clinton 's favorability rating is now sky-high at 69 % , sracic says .  prospects for many democratic elected officials in 2012 are now rather dismal , he says .  still , only mitt romney appears to be a significant challenge to obama , sracic say .
 seattle central library : creating the perfect public space <sec> seattle 's `` city of readers '' voted for $ 280m library program .  city 's rem koolhaas-designed central library draws 8,000 visitors a day .  building incorporates cutting-edge design , sustainability .  by early 2008 , seattle will have 27 new or improved librarie .
 muslim swimsuits bare little on turkish catwalks <sec> islamic fashion shows off designs for fashion conscious , conservative muslim women .  the hasema is a full-body suit designed to let women swim and without being too revealing .  designer nur yamankaradeniz : a covered person should not be scary , she should look nice .  manufacturer halim ozahi says the industry has transformed over the last 10 year .
 abortion is democrats ' issue now <sec> tim stanley : democrats are not running from abortion issue , just the opposite .  he says mitt romney avoids it -- a switch for gop , which has long used it as wedge issue .  stanley : unlike top democrats in past , obama makes it clear he supports abortion rights .  stanley : obama , democrats risk sounding like `` war on women '' fight more important than job .
 will nervous tics and trips of the tongue fell veep candidates ? <sec> vp biden and candidate ryan will have to tread carefully while defending top of ticket .  biden 's off-the-cuff remarks and ryan 's inside baseball approach are their achilles heels .  biden is an experienced debater , while ryan is a congressional veteran and budget exper .
 why topless protesters will hound islamic leaders <sec> shevchenko : femen have been waging a campaign of resistance to the patriarchy .  she says dictatorship is used as a tool for enslaving women .  religion and the church have overseen the spiritual enslavement of women , she say .
 a child 's killing freeze-frames syria 's tragedy <sec> the girl was killed in latakia , activists say .  she and her parents were trying to leave the city , activists say .  many children have been victims of the syrian conflic .
 postal worker shot , killed in maryland <sec> tyson jerome barnette , 26 , was on duty when he was killed .  he was pronounced dead at the scene .  authorities are offering rewards of up to $ 125,00 .
 nasa : dragon returns from successful iss mission <sec> spacex 's dragon successfully returns from fourth iss resupply mission .  nasa : mission carried critical research for human space exploration .  dragon delivered 3-d printer and device to measure earth 's ocean winds .  next mission could come before year 's en .
 h1n1 virus confirmed in minnesota pig <sec> first time the virus has been found in a u.s. pig , department of agriculture says .  pork and pork products still safe to eat , agriculture secretary says .  three pigs on display at minnesota fair tested positive in preliminary h1n1 tes .
 ohio cops share $ 1m powerball prize <sec> police officers share winning ticket .  they missed only the powerbal .
 what sports capitalism can teach us about real world fair play <sec> sport is big business , but commercialism is a relatively recent phenomenon .  sport capitalism comes in two models : that used in america , and in europe .  but operate very differently but the players do extremely well , stefan szymanski says .  and professional sport must be considered a successful form of modern capitalis .
 venice officials deny ban on wheeled suitcases <sec> city special commissioner vittorio zappalorto says rules on noise restriction have been misinterpreted .  he says a maximum 500 euro fine will not apply to wheeled luggage being used in the city .  zappalorto says he hopes the furore will nevertheless encourage the tourism to address noisy baggage issu .
 747 pilot rescues farmers from disaster <sec> ups pilot bill gross offers assistance and hope for american family farmers .  he and volunteers help farmers who suffer major illness , injury or natural disaster .  gross ' nonprofit , farm rescue , has helped 59 farmers since 200 .
 everything you need for a pumpkin carving party <sec> use these tips to carve out a pumpkin and a party for halloween .  choose smooth , firm and symmetrical pumpkins for carving .  use the right tools : melon ballers and linoleum cutters work .
 no libya play for the west in syria <sec> the united nations ' response to violence in syria differs from its response in libya .  geman ambassador : blood on hands of china , russia .  al-assad has ably judged the `` diplomatic red lines '' to keep moscow on its side , says table .
 'dirty ' havana star celebrates ugly <sec> cuban author pedro juan gutierrez says he is interested in the ethics of the poorest .  his observations are harsh ; some say he is pornographic , but he has also won acclaim .  he says that `` reality is excessive . .  i have to tone things down to make it believable '' .  he worked as a journalist at state-run newspapers , but his fiction got him fire .
 strong earthquake rattles the philippines <sec> the earthquake had a reported magnitude of 6.2 .  it struck in negros , about 360 miles south-southeast of manil .
 pennsylvania state police : prison guards arranged inmate fights <sec> three guards arranged inmate fights , rewarded victors with food , pennsylvania police say .  york county prison officers charged with official oppression and harassment , state police say .  fights , other tasks called `` retard olympics , '' one inmate told investigator .
 for 9/11 families , finishing job in afghanistan is personal <sec> time to go after `` womb of 9/11 , '' says man who lost his wife .  charles wolf says he 's pleased by afghan focus , upset by withdrawal plan .  firefighter who lost son on 9/11 : nation must not repeat vietnam .  head of 9/11 memorial says nation ca n't fall back into isolatio .
 saddle to sculpture : ex-jockey philip blacker molds a new career <sec> philip blacker rode horses for over a decade , now he sculpts them in life-size models .  he came close to winning the grand national in his 13-year riding career .  now 64 , his latest exhibition of friezes remembers events of world war one .  it is part-inspired by his military father , whose home was once blown up by the ir .
 judge freezes assets of pilot whose plane crashed without him <sec> authorities say pilot tried to fake his own death by crashing his private plane .  officials searching for marcus schrenker , who they say parachuted out of plane .  investigators looking into possible securities violations request the restraining order .  manager in alabama says schrenker was his only guest at hotel overnigh .
 scott weiland engaged to photographer jamie wachtel <sec> weiland met wachtel last year while filming music videos for his christmas album .  the pair met last year while he was filming music videos for his christmas album .  before diving into the wedding planning , weiland will hit the road later this mont .
 protests continue in yemen <sec> protests are also reported in aden , taiz and ibb .  government loyalists also come out in tahrir square .  opposition supporters are outside at sanaa university .  `` we will not slow down '' until the regime falls , one protester say .
 24 hours in lagos : the city that never sleeps <sec> lagos is a vibrant , exuberant city that never sleeps .  you can shop for african fabrics at the local markets , just be prepared to haggle ! .  party at the shrine nightclub , home of legendary afrobeat musician fela kut .
 why we 're making a map of the brain <sec> allan jones : we understand very little about how the brain works .  he says his organization is trying to unravel the secrets of this incredibly complex organ .  the institute is mapping activity in the human brain as a tool for researchers .  he says the work 's practical benefits may include developing and understanding drug .
 afghanistan attack : afp reporter among 9 dead in kabul hotel <sec> afp says staff reporter sardar ahmad is among those killed in an attack on a kabul hotel .  his wife and two of his children were also among the nine who died , news agency says .  police say four teenagers with pistols carried out the attack in the serena hote .
 christian woman could face death for her faith in sudan <sec> meriam yehya ibrahim , 27 , was convicted of apostasy and adultery .  she considers herself christian , but a court contends that she is muslim .  she could be sentenced to death and to flogging .  foreign embassies in khartoum are urging the government to reverse cours .
 erin andrews files lawsuit against stalker , hotels <sec> the espn reporter is suing the hotels where a man recorded nude videos of her .  erin andrews says the hotels were negligent and invaded her privacy .  the lawsuit also says stalker michael d. barrett inflicted emotional distress .  barrett pleaded guilty to stalking earlier this yea .
 jackson memorial hits viewer heights <sec> michael jackson memorial watched by 31.1 million in u.s . .  show was a huge hit on web , with traffic spiking up to 33 percent .  on ebay , jackson items included programs from memorial servic .
 can arrest in hannah graham case solve other cases ? <sec> new : dna links jesse matthew to death of virginia tech student , source says .  he 's also a suspect in the disappearance of student hannah graham .  the university of virginia student was last seen on september 1 .
 nigerian ireporters discuss uncertain present , and future <sec> nigeria reels from a recent protest movement and terrorist bombing attacks .  ireporters on the frontlines offer their views of the unrest .  despite violence , nigerians say they remain hopeful about their country 's future .  activists say they hope protests will mark a turning point in nigeria 's histor .
 life 's a beach with dream australian island job <sec> tourism queensland advertises dream island job for $ 100,000 .  position requires successful applicant to explore island group .  comes with free house , travel , a pool and snorkeling ki .
 police hunt named suspect in trooper shooting <sec> with manhunt under way , schools in vicinity of shooting close for the day .  an arrest warrant has been issued for eric matthew frein , 31 .  frein is a survivalist with anti-police leanings , law enforcement officials say .  frein is at large and considered armed and dangerous , police commissioner say .
 police arrest suspected top computer programmer for eta <sec> a computer programmer is accused of playing a key role in the group 's logistics .  police have been on his trail for months , spain 's interior ministry says .  the basque separatist group eta has announced and broken other cease-fires .  eta seeks independence for basques in northern spain and southwest franc .
 beckham to train with tottenham as english club 's loan bid fails <sec> los angeles galaxy want david beckham back in february ahead of new mls season .  tottenham had wanted to sign the veteran midfielder on loan for longer than that .  the former england captain will train with london club to keep up his fitness .  he suffered a serious injury while on loan to italy 's ac milan last seaso .
 osteens : obama doing great job , loves the lord <sec> joel and victoria osteen pastor america 's largest church , visit `` larry king live '' .  joel osteen would like to see marriage stay between man and woman .  victoria osteen says we need to pray for troubled , violent people .  her advice if you 're facing hard times : god `` can turn any situation around .
 woman charged in france over babies ' bodies <sec> the bodies of eight infants were found in village in northern france .  woman charged with voluntary manslaughter .  neighbors say couple are in their mid-40s ; former mayor `` shocked .
 avoid car costs by sharing <sec> it is possible to drive a car when you want without owning it .  many big cities , some colleges have companies offering car-share services .  zipcar has u.s. fleet of 6,500 automobiles that service 300,000-plus users .  you pay membership fee , monthly fee -- but do n't pay for gas or insuranc .
 teen accused of pot possession in indonesia sentenced to 2 months <sec> the sentence includes time he has already spent detained .  he will leave indonesia after the release .  he will be blacklisted from re-entering indonesia for 6 month .
 madoff son found dead of apparent suicide <sec> new : a person familiar with the madoffs says mark madoff had fallen out of touch with extended family .  madoff sent e-mails to family members early saturday morning , police say .  madoff 's 2-year-old son asleep in apartment when father apparently hanged himself .  madoff e-mailed his wife in florida to get someone to check on their so .
 fernando alonso shrugs off ferrari frustration in monza qualifying <sec> fernando alonso will start fifth on the grid for his ferrari team 's home race in italy .  spaniard was beaten by his teammate felipe massa , who qualifies fourth .  championship leader sebastian vettel wins pole in red bull 1-2 at monza .  last year 's race winner lewis hamilton misses q3 and will start back in 12t .
 starbucks plans to stir up coffee market <sec> starbucks wants a bigger share of n. american coffee market than its current 10 percent .  folgers is the largest producer of retail packaged coffee in the united states .  starbucks to put its seattle 's best brand in burger king and subway .  starbucks flavored coffees -- vanilla , caramel , cinnamon -- head to grocery stores in jun .
 georgian luger killed at olympics practice run laid to rest <sec> nodar kumaritashvili killed during olympics practice run in vancouver .  preliminary inquiry says human error caused accident .  other athletes expressed concerned about the speed of the luge track .  kumaritashvili 's death was the first since 1992 game .
 landmark leonardo da vinci exhibition opens in london <sec> landmark exhibition in london brings nine leonardo da vinci paintings together .  highlights include newly rediscovered work `` salvator mundi '' .  show features both versions of `` the virgin of the rocks , '' shown together for first time .  exhibition described as `` once-in-a-lifetime '' by national gallery curato .
 author uncovers thrilling world of 'an american spy ' <sec> olen steinhauer has been called the best espionage writer of his generation .  `` an american spy , '' his latest novel , is the third in a popular series .  the main character , cia agent milo weaver , is trying to keep his family safe in a post 9/11 worl .
 european champions bayern munich drawn with manchester city <sec> european champions league group stage draw held in monaco .  holders bayern munich drawn in a group with big spending manchester city .  ac milan to face spanish giants barcelona , ajax and celtic in group h .  bayern munich 's franck ribery named european footballer of the yea .
 cnn student news transcript : november 8 , 2010 <sec> learn what president obama talked about on his visit to india .  see who ran through the streets of new york city in its annual marathon .  hear from a production assistant about the skills needed to become a journalist .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 world cup bids corruption : 'picasso painting offered ' <sec> further allegations published around award of 2018 and 2022 world cups .  uk parliamentary committee reveals details of a 'secret dossier ' obtained by the sunday times .  dossier was allegedly commissioned by failed 2018 england bid .  claims made over using priceless art as inducement by russia 2018 bi .
 how did cuban spy in u.s. get wife pregnant ? <sec> gerardo hernandez was the head of the spy ring known as the wasp network .  since 2001 , he was being held in a u.s. prison ; he was released in a prisoner swap .  havana has been abuzz since his wife in cuba showed up pregnant during news coverag .
 report : mh370 disappearance a criminal investigation <sec> wsj : police have recorded 170 statements and will interview more people .  search area for new day shifts eastward .  malaysian authorities revise language used in last radio communications .  wednesday is the 26th day authorities have been searching for flight 37 .
 honduran president signs deal allowing ousted leader zelaya 's return <sec> the deal helps clear the way for honduras to rejoin the organization of american states .  it was brokered by the colombian and venezuelan governments and signed in colombia .  the accord also allows allies of ousted ex-president manuel zelaya to return to honduras .  zelaya was deposed in a coup nearly two years ag .
 norwegians nominate edward snowden for nobel peace prize <sec> two norwegian lawmakers say they 've nominated edward snowden for nobel peace prize .  `` snowden 's whistleblowing has contributed to a more stable and peaceful world order , '' they say .  the deadline for nominations for this year 's nobel peace prize is saturday .  two lawmakers say snowden 's leaks have helped restore trust as a key principl .
 justice department says a conn. police department targeted latinos <sec> federal officials accuse police in east haven of discrimination .  police targeted latino drivers , they say .  east haven police did not respond to multiple requests for commen .
 opinion : sexual orientation does n't need to be cured <sec> in texas , the gop endorses reparative therapy for gays and lesbians .  tim holbrook : sexual orientation is a trait like race or gender , it should n't be fixed .  he says if there 's a gay gene , there 's no need for treatment since gays are not sick .  holbrook : sexual orientation is not like a disease , it does n't need to be cure .
 2016 presidential race kicks off with jim webb <sec> webb announced he is forming an exploratory committee in a 14-minute video .  webb would likely face off against hillary clinton for the democratic nomination .  webb touts his military service and insists he is `` not a career politician '' in the video .  launching an exploratory committee allows the candidates to begin fundraisin .
 afghanistan 's president remembers 9/11 <sec> the afghan war has persisted .  karzai speaks of a better counterterrorism strategy .  the u.s. envoy counsels all to remember the september 11 attack .
 what 's the controversial site megaupload.com all about ? <sec> the u.s. government shut down file-sharing site megaupload on thursday .  megaupload let users upload files with a single click .  the government says the site 's owners knowingly allowed copyright infringement .  on friday , pirated material was still easy to find on other site .
 researchers : newly found planets might support life <sec> star system has 3 potentially habitable planets .  standing on one of them , the sun gliese 667c would look like a bright red star .  the gliese 667 system has three stars in i .
