 group apologizes to gay community , then shuts down 'cure ' ministry <sec> exodus international promoted `` freedom from homosexuality '' through `` power of jesus christ '' .  i 'm sorry for `` being part of the very system of ignorance that perpetuated '' hurt , leader says .  apology : gay community has been subjected to `` years of undue judgment '' by the group .  the exodus board of directors votes to launch a new ministry called reduce fea .
 pirates strike again off somalia ; ship from yemen seized <sec> last contact with the yemeni freighter was late last week .  dozens of ships have been attacked by pirates in the gulf of aden .  report : no ransom figure yet for hijacked saudi supertanker .  pirates seized the sirius star on november 1 .
 aggressive karadzic appears at war crimes hearing <sec> radovan karadzic appears at hearing at international criminal tribunal to discuss his refusal to appear for war crimes trial .  ex-bosnian serb leader is accused of responsibility for worst massacre in europe since world war ii .  karadzic , who is representing himself , says he has had insufficient time to prepare his defense .  karadzic was arrested last year in belgrade after more than a decade on the ru .
 gunfire , protests mar eid celebrations in syria ; 23 killed , activists say <sec> new : over 1,300 detainees in homs among hunger strikers , an opposition group says .  syria accuses the united states of inciting violence , state media reports .  the arab league says its foreign ministers will meet to discuss the situation in syria .  residents take to the streets in aleppo after morning eid prayers , activists sa .
 saudi arabia objects to .gay and .islam domain names <sec> government of saudi arabia files objection to .gay domain extension .  also troubled by other potential domains related to sex , alcohol , gambling and religion .  icann considering 1,930 potential new top-level domain .
 teen 's uncommon recovery sparks cross-country journey <sec> matthew sanchez fractured his c5 vertebra while playing football .  after surgery and intensive therapy , the teen was able to resume competitive sports .  sanchez and three friends rode bikes to raise money for shepherd center .  the center has a program that helps veterans get cutting-edge car .
 opinion : can uber justify its high-flying value ? <sec> cab drivers in london protested the mobile cab app uber , tying up traffic .  martha pease says uber , valued at $ 18 billion , has to live up to consumer expectations .  she says the company needs to provide more transparency on passenger ratings .  pease : uber should explain to consumers why disruption in taxi business is good for al .
 fbi makes headway on dna testing backlog , report says <sec> backlog drops from 3,211 to 403 in two years , report says .  fbi lab tests biological evidence found at crime scenes for fbi , other agencies .  report attributeds improvement to increased use of automation , more staf .
 scores rescued from water after ship capsizes off australia <sec> new : rescuers have saved 130 people from the water .  new : one body has been recovered , and three people are missing .  the vessel turned over north of australia 's christmas island .  it is the second vessel to capsize in the area in the past wee .
 repackaging the bible <sec> wide range of bibles on the shelves this christmas .  green bible printed on recycled paper with soy ink , sustainable linen cover .  the illuminated bible takes on magazine format .  `` always room for more bibles , '' publishing exec say .
 grandpa partially paralyzed after encounter with police <sec> officer arrested , faces charge of third-degree assault .  sureshbhai patel is visiting from india to help take care of his grandson .  he required back surgery after police forced him to the groun .
 'enhanced interrogations ' do n't work , ex-fbi agent tells panel <sec> committee republicans say hearing could help diminish national security .  ali soufan : `` people were given ... half-truths and false claims of successes '' .  ex-fbi agent takes issue with dick cheney , who says such tactics helped u.s . .  the techniques , ok 'd by bush administration , are considered torture by som .
 is huma abedin blaming herself ? <sec> reports say huma abedin partly blames herself for anthony weiner 's return to sexting .  women across the country say abedin is not the one at fault .  psychologists say women blame themselves because they feel helpless otherwise .  experts say it 's hard for successful women to face failure in relationship .
 nancy pelosi on why chuck schumer is wrong - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sen. chuck schumer of new york has questioned democrats ' timing in passing health reform .  rep. nancy pelosi counters that democrats also focused on the economy .  pelosi to cnn : `` we come here to do a job , not keep a job .
 egypt to try former president mohamed morsy in protest deaths <sec> new : at least 10 people were reportedly killed in the december protests .  14 members of the muslim brotherhood are also ordered to stand trial .  it 's unclear when the trial will actually start .  mohamed morsy was ousted by the military in early jul .
 'lone wolf ' terror suspect arraigned in new york <sec> new : suspect 's family shocked by allegations , his mother says .  jose pimentel is accused of plotting to attack u.s. veterans , police and post offices .  pimentel said he was one hour away from finishing his first bomb , police say .  `` he was not part of a larger conspiracy , '' new york mayor michael bloomberg say .
 pope francis takes pope paul vi closer to sainthood <sec> a relic and a miracle are required for pope paul vi to be beatified .  the relic is a blood-stained vest from an attempt on his life in the philippines .  the miracle involves a woman who refused to abort an unborn child for medical reasons .  pope paul was known for his world travels and ministry to the poo .
 'pretty woman ' at 25 : misunderstood feminist classic ? <sec> `` pretty woman , '' the julia roberts-richard gere romantic comedy , was released march 23 , 1990 .  pros : roberts ( as vivian ) is empowered and shows humanity ; there a real `` zingers '' in the dialogue .  cons : the movie glosses over harsh realities of prostitution and celebrates consumeris .
 manuel pellegrini : i want to build a dynasty at manchester city <sec> manuel pellegrini is preparing long-term vision for english champion .  chilean won premier league title and league cup in debut season .  city reached last 16 of the european champions league .  former real madrid coach is already planning for next seaso .
 mourinho calls for u.s.-style timeouts <sec> real madrid coach jose mourinho calls for introduction of u.s style timeouts .  american football , basketball and ice hockey employ timeouts .  mourinho suggested the timeout should come halfway through the first half .  the portuguese coach reveals mario balotelli once ignored a half-time team tal .
 arsenal and milan rally on night of comebacks <sec> arsenal stage stunning rally as they come from 4-0 down to beat reading 7-5 in league cup .  milan trail 2-0 at palermo before drawing 2-2 as coach allegri continues to feel pressure .  stephan el shaarawy 's late strike takes him to top of serie a scoring charts with 7 goals .  barcelona and dortmund win opening matches of their spanish and german cup defense .
 iran marks 'national nuclear day ' with new uranium-processing site <sec> iran 's nuclear negotiator : `` enrichment is part of the rights of the iranian people , '' .  the announcement comes after recent nuclear negotiations .  eu official : iran and six world powers are at odds on iran 's nuclear progra .
 study : diamonds link comet to mammal extinction <sec> study : diamonds found in north america links comet to climate change , extinction .  prehistoric humans also suffered decline in population due to cosmic event .  heat from comet 's impact likely melted glacier that once covered great lakes regio .
 summer in december : 5 hot spots <sec> why not chase summer all the way to the southern hemisphere ? .  western australia 's coral coast offers spectacular scenery .  relax on the quiet island of ilha grande , brazil .  new zealand 's coromandel peninsula offers hiking in native rain forest .
 polar blog : 'there 's something afoot in the arctic ' <sec> scientists on board `` arctic sunrise '' are charting impact of climate change .  started a three-month expedition on june 10 to waters around greenland .  experienced polar explorer eric philips is providing safety advice for the crew .  philips : `` i sense there is something afoot that i do n't much like .
 4.2-magnitude quake shakes central oklahoma <sec> new : damage from the quake , which hit near guthrie , is unlikely , a seismologist says .  earthquakes have become common in oklahoma .  on sunday , nine quakes were recorde .
 6 best places to be a cowboy ( for a while ) <sec> plenty of genuine cowboy experiences are available to travelers .  bandera , texas , is the self-proclaimed cowboy capital of the world .  repairing trucks is part of today 's cowboy experience .  real cattle drives are part of the deal at wyoming 's doublerafter cattle drive .
 funeral set for 7 children killed in pennsylvania farmhouse fire <sec> the funeral is scheduled for the perry mennonite reception center in elliottsburg .  the children 's ages range from 7 months to 11 years .  the six girls and one boy were found dead inside the house .  police : the mother was milking cows in the barn and the father was at wor .
 cdc anthrax investigation : usda finds more lab problems <sec> usda investigation into anthrax exposure at cdc finds other lab safety problems .  cdc investigation concluded no lab workers were infected with anthrax .  the cdc director is `` upset '' and `` angry '' that it happene .
 proposed nypd training targets racial profiling <sec> the training materials are a result of a 2013 ruling declaring `` stop , question and frisk '' unconstitutional .  they read that racial profiling `` is offensive . .  ... .  it diverts us from catching real criminals .
 army post shuts down for anti-suicide event <sec> fort campbell wants to tell soldiers `` their life matters , '' post spokeswoman says .  record number of soldiers committed suicide last year , army says .  more soldiers killed themselves in january 2009 than died in battle , statistics show .  post halts normal activities to hold three-day `` suicide stand-down training event .
 judge nullifies testimony in guatemala genocide trial <sec> efrain rios montt ruled guatemala from 1982 to 1983 .  he and another defendant are on trial , accused of genocide and crimes against humanity .  his defense has argued that he never explicitly ordered the killings of an indigenous group .  a judge has thrown out three weeks of testimony in his trial , citing procedural ground .
 boxee box crowned 'last gadget standing ' at ces <sec> boxee box plugs into your tv and allows you to search and store web content .  `` last gadget standing '' pits 10 products against each other in `` american idol '' -like competition .  boxee beat out plastic logic que e-reader , intel reader and seven other finalists .  show wx pico projector , a portable projector the size of a cell phone , wins online contes .
 argentina reach quarters of copa america <sec> argentina are into the quarterfinals after a 3-0 win over costa rica .  atletico madrid 's sergio aguero ( 2 ) and angel di maria grabbed the goals .  sergio batista 's team will now face chile , peru or uruguay in the last eigh .
 latin phrases you pretend to understand <sec> nine latin phrases commonly used today .  persona non grata : person unwelcome due to ideological differences .  quid pro quo refers to a deal or trade .  sui generis refers to something so new or bizarre it defies categorizatio .
 naïvete is key to innovation <sec> ebeling started not impossible because `` i hate the word 'no ' . '' .  they look to `` crowdsource '' technological solutions to problems .  not impossible found a way to print 3-d limbs for less than a tenth of their usual cost .  they created a device that allowed a paralyzed graffitti artist to draw with his eye .
 box office report : 'the hobbit ' outdraws 'django ' and 'les mis ' with $ 32.9 million <sec> `` hobbit '' dipped only 11 percent to bring in $ 32.9 million .  `` django unchained '' came in second with $ 30.7 million .  `` jack reacher '' rounded out the top 5 with $ 14.0 millio .
 torture prompts soul-searching among some christians <sec> what happens when faith in god and country seem to collide ? .  poll : some christians more likely than nonreligious people to support torture .  survey 's results have sparked a series of debates among christian communit .
 sri lanka odyssey : leopards , surfing , lots of curry <sec> leopards are the main draw at yala national park .  traditional sri lankan dinners have seemingly endless curry options .  like its tourism industry , sri lanka 's surf scene is in its relative infanc .
 border agent shot by bandits who target immigrants , union chief says <sec> new : the agent was searching for bandits , the union head says .  arizona 's governor orders flags to be flown at half-staff .  one of the suspects was wounded .  the agent was killed tuesday on the mexico-arizona borde .
 detroit elects first white mayor in more than 4 decades <sec> the last white mayor of detroit was roman gribbs , who served from 1970 to 1974 .  the mayor-elect tells a newspaper his first priority will be cutting police response times .  fbi says there were 15,011 violent crimes , 386 homicides in detroit last year .  detroit is run by an emergency manager , whom governor appointed until septembe .
 5 gadget trends to watch at ces <sec> the consumer electronics show brings a slew of new gadgets .  tablets running google 's android and microsoft 's windows 8 will debut .  ultrabooks , a new type of thinner laptop , are expected to make a splash .  but some of the largest players in the consumer electronics industry are shunning ce .
 florida 's debated welfare drug-screen measure kicks in <sec> gov . .  rick scott says the measure saves tax dollars and provides `` incentive to not use drugs '' .  democrats slammed the law , saying the tests `` represent an ... illegal invasion of personal privacy '' .  controversy arose over scott 's past association with a company that did drug testin .
 inmates come to guard 's aid in jail attack <sec> deputy kenneth moon was alone when an inmate attacked him with no warning .  incident at county jail facility in hillsborough county , florida , near tampa .  other inmates helped guard , called for backu .
 3 ways to see new caledonia 's new marine park <sec> new caledonia 's natural park of the coral sea covers 1.3 million square kilometers .  signal island marine park , less than 20 kilometers from the capital , is great for snorkeling .  the world 's largest marine managed area is the u.s. pacific remote islands marine national monumen .
 media mogul murdoch joins twitter <sec> rupert murdoch has notched up more than 45,000 followers after joining twitter .  murdoch 's tweets so far focus on family , politics and cinema releases .  80-year-old 's social media appearance called a pr stunt by some .  news corp. official confirms to cnn that account is genuin .
 wiggles strike a chord with i-reporters , their children <sec> australian children 's band `` the wiggles '' are an international sensation .  band earned $ 45 million in 2004 , beat ac/dc to be australia 's top-earning band .  cnn.com readers respond with their tales of wiggles encounters .  i-report : tell us about important stories happening near yo .
 put reason back in america 's gun debate <sec> in a connecticut school , at least 26 were killed , including at least 20 children .  saul cornell : gun rights ideology makes a mockery of values of second amendment .  he says new york recently upheld a reasonable gun law , but illinois did not .  cornell : it is time to inject more sense and reason back into the debate over gun .
 muslim brotherhood 's morsi urges 'unity ' in first speech as egypt 's president-elect <sec> new : president obama congratulates morsi , vows to `` stand by the egyptian people '' .  mohamed morsi beats former mubarak pm ahmed shafik 52 % to 48 % , officials say .  the muslim brotherhood 's morsi promises he 'll represent all egyptians .  his win triggers raucous celebrations , and some concern , in cairo and beyon .
 lance armstrong and the tenuous nature of heroism <sec> zeno franco : sometimes we pick heroes who , like armstrong , transcend physical limitations .  but heroism a paradox : it 's private , but it acquires the heroic label as a public activity , he says .  at the same time humans hunger for heroic exemplars of heroism , while negating real heroism .  franco : if we revel in armstrong 's fall as equalizing , we let ourselves off the hook for herois .
 wikileaks : cables reveal u.s.-cuban cooperation over drug smuggling <sec> cubans complained to jamaica about drug smuggling .  u.s. , cuban officials cooperated on interdiction .  cables show rising concern over west africa .  u.s. worried about drug profits funding terroris .
 a night that put israel to shame <sec> frida ghitis : a demonstration against immigrants turned violent in israel .  she says members of parliament added to the inflamed rhetoric .  israel , of all places , should avoid intolerance of those seeking asylum , she says .  ghitis : israelis condemned the rioting , and israel is not alone in its immigration proble .
 maasai master chefs swap raw meat for coq au vin <sec> karen blixen cooking school trains young maasai the art of cooking and fine cuisine .  students taught to prepare meat and fish , prepare sauces and soups and bake cakes .  `` the cuisine that interests me the most is french , '' says one maasai student .  the school , part of the karen blixen camp , is funded by the danish governmen .
 facebook is cloning , but silicon valley can still innovate <sec> instagram 's new video feature is the latest imitation feature from facebook .  the minor updates are not representative of the innovations happening in silicon valley .  tech companies are working on big problems like health care and energy .  any facebook feature , even small , has an impact on a huge number of peopl .
 best memes of grammys 2015 : iggy azalea , rihanna and more <sec> iggy azalea 's hair inspired many memes during the 2015 grammys .  also targeted : rihanna and kim kardashian 's gown .
 reid sets aside senate gun legislation for now <sec> new : sen. cornyn denies a political motive in gop opposition to tougher gun laws .  sen. reid says the senate will return to the gun legislation at some point .  now comes the blame game , an analyst says .  the senate defeated key provisions on wednesda .
 indictment : strip club trip among bribes to sell faulty grenades <sec> indictment accuses georgia company of relabeling stun grenades .  devices sold to at least 12 fbi offices ; defense department declines comment .  3 company officials charged with money laundering , defrauding the government .  indictment : fbi agents injured when stun grenades detonated prematurel .
 silence falls over london marathon as thousands remember boston <sec> security tight at london marathon , first international race after boston bombing .  35,000 competitors observe 30-second silence in honor of victims .  runners wear black solidarity ribbons to mark boston attack .  for every person to finish race , organizers will donate $ 3 to boston charit .
 gop-led house authorizes lawsuit against obama <sec> republicans pushing suit over obama executive actions , 5 republicans vote no .  they say the president is violating the law by circumventing congress .  democrats say the suit is just a primer for a republican-led impeachment of obama .  speaker john boehner says there are no impeachment plans ; democrats raising money off i .
 venezuela cracks down on protest camps <sec> venezuelan authorities detain 243 protesters .  they raid the campsites the protesters were staying in .  the protesters complain about the operatio .
 new zealand : prove recreational drug is safe , then you can sell it <sec> new zealand parliament passes new drug law 119-1 .  recreational drug makers can sell products if they prove its safety .  law only applies to synthetic drugs , not marijuana , cocaine , etc .  new zealand is first to change its tactic on psychoactive drug .
 new zealand pays homage to its rugby heroes <sec> a massive crowd in auckland celebrates rugby world cup triumph .  similar celebrations planned for christchurch and wellington .  new zealand beat france 8-7 in sunday 's final at eden park .  graham henry named coach of year and new zealand team of year by ir .
 gordon brown : 32 million girls not at school , we must push for change <sec> gordon brown : girls ' eduction is a right that must be protected .  petition started to safeguard girls going to school in pakistan .  petition started after a school teacher was shot dead .  case of schoolgirl malala yousufzai also highlights violence and intimidation against girl .
 women struggle for a level playing field in iraq <sec> women in mosul , northern iraq , must practice sports behind closed , locked doors .  many men and women disapprove of women in sport and are against mixed gender training .  situation is different outside of mosul where there is a more positive view of women in sport .  some use wearing of hijab as excuse to say women can not compete effectively in sport .
