 airline passengers unloaded after 11 hours waiting on jfk tarmac <sec> officials say they could n't accommodate international flight passengers .  passenger says people were crying aboard flight stuck on jfk tarmac for 11 hours .  passengers were gradually being released from planes after spending hours aboar .
 will hispanics be the swing voting bloc of 2012 ? <sec> politicians off all stripes are appealing to hispanic voters .  in 2004 , bush won more than 40 percent of the latino vote .  four years later , 67 percent of hispanic voters went for obam .
 clinton endorses obama , calls for party unity <sec> new : sen. obama : `` i am thrilled and honored to have sen. clinton 's support '' .  clinton says , `` i ask all of you to join me in working '' for barack obama .  clinton camp says 6,000 signed up to attend speech .  analysts say clinton must choose next steps carefull .
 opinion : forget ukraine , syria is now the world 's biggest threat <sec> russia 's annexation of crimea , and feared threat to invade ukraine , has grabbed attention .  simon tisdall says syria , not crimea , directly affects western security in more basic ways .  much of northern syria under control of jihadi groups , united in opposition to west - tisdall .  syria is in the process of becoming a bridgehead to europe for al qaida , he add .
 obama warns of further steps in egypt , cancels military exercises <sec> new : obama cancels military exercises with egypt , says u.s. might take further steps .  u.s.-egyptian military exercise would have involved thousands of american air and ground forces .  obama did not call the egyptian military 's overthrow of the government a coup .  u.s. law restricts aid in instances of military coup ; egypt gets more than $ 1 billion from u.s .
 opinion : the real 'modern family ' in america <sec> gary gates says couple in `` modern family '' does n't reflect most lgbt families .  he says typical lgbt parent is likely to be younger , female , racially diverse .  he says crossing a state line can turn someone from a parent to a stranger to their child .  gates : the supreme court should give same-sex couples opportunities others hav .
 every time you buy , this app invests your money <sec> acorns is an app that simplifies the process of investing .  every time a user spends on their debit or credit card , it rounds up the figure and invests the difference .  cost is $ 1 a month , plus anywhere from 0.25 % to 0.5 % of user 's earning .
 on immigration , a tale of two presidents <sec> obama presses on where bush failed on immigration .  reform core to obama 's 'change ' identity .  white house quit waiting for the house to ac .
 dennis rodman set for 3rd north korea trip <sec> rodman to help prepare north korean basketball players for upcoming exhibition .  rodman is important to north korea 's attempts to project unity , columnist gordon chang says .  sister of kenneth bae calls on rodman to press for detainee 's releas .
 zelaya : brazilian embassy in honduras attacked with gas <sec> new : ousted president said 'neurotoxic gas ' used in brazilian embassy attack .  new : brazilian officials say gas was in area but could n't confirm type .  zelaya says he and many others were affected by the gas .  zelaya has been in the embassy since his secret return to honduras on monda .
 maya angelou : it 's time to lift america 's spirit <sec> maya angelou : no matter who wins , do n't expect an overnight turnaround .  angelou says politicians should raise the level of discussion .  she says voting is not enough , people need to volunteer to help others .  angelou : you will encounter defeats , but do n't be defeate .
 dangerous detention for six americans in honduras after weapons charge <sec> new : detainee reports shots fired in direction of the americans .  the men work for an undersea salvage company .  police boarded their ship and arrested them .  a colleague fears that they are not being properly fe .
 next iphone will have bigger screen , report says <sec> report : next iphone will have bigger screen .  wsj reports apple has ordered 4-inch screens from suppliers .  current iphone has 3.5-inch scree .
 'birther bill ' vetoed by arizona governor <sec> gov . .  jan brewer says the bill is `` a bridge too far '' .  it would have required presidential hopefuls to prove they were born in the u.s . .  president barack obama has fought allegations that he was n't born in americ .
 tears , prayers as late cambodian king cremated <sec> late cambodia king-father norodom sihanouk cremated monday in phnom penh .  died last october at the age of 90 , has been lying in state at royal palace .  on friday , his body was carried in a procession to a specially built crematorium .  sihanouk ruled cambodia for 60 years until his abdication in 200 .
 10 charged with smuggling fake nikes , other goods into u.s . <sec> officials say the original versions of the goods are worth more than $ 200 million .  news release : one container said it was carrying `` noodles '' instead of fake nikes .  feds : an undercover agent posed as a `` corrupt longshoreman 's union official '' .  suspects include new york customs broker and trucking company operator .
 poachers turn game-keepers in battle to protect ghana 's nature reserve <sec> kakum national park in ghana is a 360-square-kilometer sanctuary for hundreds of plant species and animals .  its canopy walkway is a series of bridges stretching 350 meters long , connecting seven treetops .  local villagers and former poachers encouraged to turn to conservation as alternative livelihood .
 oscar pistorius trial : defense witness dixon contradicts testimony <sec> prosecutor gerrie nel seeks to discredit expert defense witness roger dixon .  on the stand , dixon contradicts oscar pistorius ' testimony over position of magazine rack .  the prosecution says pistorius intentionally shot and killed reeva steenkamp after a fight .  pistorius denies murder , saying he mistook his girlfriend for an intrude .
 opinion : college application insanity gets worse <sec> dave marcus : the common app site crashed , leaving students and parents frantic .  he says the group , which serves about 500 colleges , blames a software upgrade .  he says application process is out of hand ; students too stressed about college .  marcus : this is a good time for seniors to consider a `` gap year '' before colleg .
 opinion : will 2014 election solve anything ? <sec> authors : some midterm elections are like tidal waves that remix the washington scene .  democrats had their wave in 2006 , republicans in 2010 , they say .  but radical change in washington from 2014 election may not happen , they say .  authors : government shutdown is n't likely to change the outcom .
 what you might not know about the 1964 civil rights act - cnnpolitics.com <sec> wednesday marks the 50th anniversary of the signing of the 1964 civil rights act .  `` it changed everything about ordinary life for black americans , '' says todd purdum .  the act holds the record for sparking the longest filibuster in the history of the u.s. senat .
 somali president leads drive against hard-liners on the front line <sec> sheikh sharif sheikh ahmed `` is armed with an ak-47 , '' aide says .  he is accompanied by government and amisom forces .  5 dead as shelling rocks capita .
 kvitova to face azarenka in wta final <sec> reigning wimbledon champion will face belarussian in wta championship final .  kvitova beats samantha stosur in three sets in semifinal .  azarenka enjoys comfortable win over russia 's vera zvonarev .
 clinton 's handling of boko haram questioned <sec> republicans criticize hillary clinton 's handling of nigerian jihadist group .  under clinton , the state department did n't add boko haram to the terror list .  it 's not a cut-and-dried issue , argues a former state department official .  the gop attacks seek to weaken clinton for her possible 2016 presidential ru .
 miami cop ralph mata accused of helping drug traffickers <sec> criminal complaint : cop used his role to help cocaine traffickers .  ralph mata , an internal affairs lieutenant , allegedly helped group get guns .  he also arranged to pay two assassins in a murder plot , a complaint allege .
 cnn student news - january 5 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 facebook looks to drones , lasers and satellites for internet access <sec> facebook is working on new technology to get the entire world 's population online .  it 's new connectivity lab is testing drones , satellites and invisible infrared laser beams .  the company has hired aerospace experts from nasa and drone compan .
 football : gerrard cleared on affray charge <sec> england football star steven gerrard cleared of affray charge by liverpool court .  gerrard admitted punching 34-year-old businessman marcus mcghee .  jury accepted his version that he acted in self defense in nightclub braw .
 relief agencies fear disease in flooded thailand <sec> `` a huge part of the country is still under water , '' an official says .  relief agencies say water- and insect-borne diseases could break out .  the prime minister says the flood wo n't abate until early november .  the flooding in thailand is the worst since 1942 and has killed more than 370 peopl .
 93-year-old shoe cobbler , internet darling , says he 'll never quit <sec> south carolina cobbler henry linder has been fixing shoes for 76 years .  at 93 , he says he 'll stop `` when my toes are turned up '' .  filmmaker erik olsen 's profile of linder received the 2013 ireport community choice awar .
 'django unchained ' premiere canceled in the wake of school shooting <sec> the weinstein company has canceled tuesday 's los angeles premiere of `` django unchained '' .  weinstein spokesperson : `` our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the tragedy in newtown '' .  instead , a private screening will be held for the cast and crew and their friends and familie .
 rajapaksa 's gamble fails <sec> sri lanka 's mahinda rajapaksa concedes defeat to rival in presidential elections .  maithripala sirisena was minister in rajapaksa 's cabinet before defecting .  a farmer turned politician , he has support of minorities and has pledged refor .
 vincent cassel : playing france 's tough guys <sec> in his latest role vincent cassel plays a famous french gangster .  for his part in `` mesrine '' cassel gained nearly 20 kilos .  the actor has made his name playing screen tough guys .  he has a daughter with the italian actress and ex-model monica belluc .
 most u.s. children under 1 are minorities , census says <sec> hispanics are most populous and fastest growing minority group , the census says .  asians are the second-fastest growing minority group , numbers show .  african-americans are the second largest minority group , the census says .  four states and the district of columbia have minority populations over 50 .
 german tourist loses arm in hawaii shark attack <sec> this is the fourth shark attack in maui this year .  it took place about 50 yards offshore .  officials will decide thursday if the beach can reope .
 judge overturns florida ban on adoption by gays <sec> new : ruling clears way for north miami man to adopt two half-brothers .  new : florida attorney general 's office said it intends to appeal .  judge says florida law banning gays from adopting children is unconstitutional .  florida is only state specifically banning all `` homosexual '' people from adoptin .
 woman reportedly spends $ 30k to look like kim k . <sec> leeson recently appeared on a uk morning show .  she says she was often bullied .  according to itv it 's cost her a relationshi .
 suspects id 'd in americans ' slayings , mexican officials say <sec> gunmen killed benjamin lebaron and brother-in-law this week in northern mexico .  security camera at toll booth captured images of two suspects , news agency says .  no arrests have been reported in the americans ' slayings .  note reportedly found that says killings were retribution for drug arrest .
 how a silent , black-and-white french film won big at the oscars <sec> `` the artist '' won academy awards for best picture , best director , best actor .  harvey weinstein 's company also distributed `` the iron lady , '' `` my week with marilyn '' and `` undefeated '' .  movie mogul weinstein also a big winner last year with `` the king 's speech .
 world 's 50 best restaurants list released <sec> no . .  1 spot on annual list goes to noma in copenhagen , denmark .  after four years at no . .  1 , spanish restaurant el bulli takes no . .  2 spot .  eight of the restaurants crowned this year are in the united state .
 witnesses , jurors shed tears as 'whitey ' bulger trial keys on killings <sec> witnesses in the `` whitey '' bulger trial relive shootings that left relatives , friends dead .  testimony was emotional , two jurors were in tears .  a witness remembers her boyfriend `` covered in blood and broken glass , eyes glazed over '' .  reputed boston mob leader bulger is charged in 19 killing .
 chisora slaps heavyweight champion klitschko at weigh-in <sec> british fighter dereck chisora slaps vitali klitschko at weigh-in ahead of their fight .  chisora squares off against wbc heavyweight champion klitschko on saturday .  ukrainian champ klitschko stunned by chisora 's slap but vows reveng .
 is melissa mccarthy 's elle cover shameful ? <sec> actress graces the cover of elle magazine 's 2013 'women in hollywood ' issue .  critics say mccarthy hid her body , while other actresses showed off figure .
 5 tips to keep your man looking hot <sec> men can commit fashion mistakes in the summer , columnist says .  women should help their guys by pointing out the errors of certain clothes .  rare is the man who looks good in a tiny little speedo swimsuit .  socks should not be worn with sandals , unless you 're over 8 .
 dna twist to woman 's desert disappearance <sec> maureen fields of southern nevada was 41 when she went missing in 2006 .  her abandoned car , with keys , purse and pill bottles , was found off a desert highway .  presumed dead , there 's been no sign of her body and no evidence pointing to a killer .  unknown male 's dna , however , was recently discovered and may hold new clue .
 bobby jindal for vice president <sec> david frum : some advocate gop should run a latino candidate for vp .  he says gop has a problem with latino voters , but picking rubio wo n't change that .  frum says republicans are more likely to gain votes with bobby jindal as candidat .
 bomb kills 30 at pakistani police official 's funeral <sec> report : blast happened at funeral of police official who was killed earlier that day .  at least 40 people wounded ; about half were policemen , official says .  explosion came as people lined up for funeral procession at mosque in quetta , official say .
 miss new york kira kazantsev crowned miss america <sec> the 23-year-old kazantsev 's platform is domestic violence .  for her talent portion , she sang pharrell williams ' `` happy .
 father in japan : 'i did n't do anything wrong ' <sec> man charged with abducting his own children denies committing breach .  japanese custom , law on custody differ sharply from those in u.s . .  japan is not party to 1980 convention that standardized abduction laws .  all parties in current case are japanese citizen .
 ebola outbreak : time to test experimental vaccines ? <sec> 40 years after its discovery , there are no licensed treatments or vaccines for ebola .  ethically , a vaccine for ebola can only be trialled for effectiveness during an outbreak .  vaccines are better trialled in high-risk groups , including healthcare workers , say expert .
 3 managers arrested after deadly bangladesh factory fire <sec> bangladesh 's prime minister says arsonists were behind the deadly factory fire .  protesters call for an investigation .  more than 100 people were killed in the blaze in bangladesh .  wal-mart cuts ties with a supplier that subcontracted work to the factor .
 cnn student news transcript - march 2 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 pharaoh 's tomb sheds light on shadowy egyptian dynasty <sec> josef wegner of university of pennsylvania museum of archaeology made discovery .  pictures in tombs of abydos in egyptian desert date from around 1600 b.c . .  wegner found the name of an unknown pharaoh of the shadowy abydos dynasty .  tomb is `` the necropolis of an entire forgotten dynasty , '' wegner says in statemen .
 after school shooting , how do we stop the violence ? <sec> dozens killed in connecticut elementary school shooting .  people around the world ask , simply : why ? .  tell us what you think society should do to help control violenc .
 chen guangbiao : 'clown ' or philanthropist ? <sec> `` i regret nothing . .  i am not afraid of what people say about me , '' says controversial philanthropist chen guangbiao .  the recycling tycoon regularly donates millions through showy charity actions .  his ostentatious ways attracts criticism and ridicule -- he 's been called a fraud , a clown , and a political paw .
 tortured life of world 's greatest athlete <sec> jim thorpe was an olympic medallist , a hall of fame football player and a baseball player .  bob greene says the life of the `` world 's greatest athlete '' was difficult .  he says towns vied to host his grave and the winner changed the name of the town to honor thorpe .  now thorpe 's son is seeking to return his remains to oklahom .
 twitter could help itunes ping reach bored office workers <sec> users of apple 's ping social network can now post updates from within the app to twitter .  messages from ping can contain a small widget on twitter containing song previews .  this move could open up ping to corporate workers who do n't have access to itune .
 kids who do n't cry : new genetic disorder discovered <sec> a new genetic disorder called ngly1 deficiency is identified in eight patients .  ngly1 deficiency causes developmental delays , liver disease .  kids with the disorder are usually unable to produce tears .  fathers of two kids with ngly1 deficiency propose new model for scientist .
 judge explains bradley manning verdict <sec> judge said manning knew possible consequences to u.s . .  army private to be sentenced .  manning says he recognizes he has to pay a price for his action .
 deadline in iran nuke talks likely to be extended <sec> john kerry : there are still `` very real gaps '' between iran and six world powers .  progress has been made but no workable formula has been found yet , he says .  new : there could be an extension of a july 20 deadline to reach a permanent deal .  iran says its intentions are peaceful ; the world powers fear it wants nuclear weapon .
 maria de villota discharged from hospital <sec> f1 test driver leaves uk hospital and returns to spain to continue rehabilitation .  the 32-year-old lost sight in right eye following crash at uk 's duxford airfield .  marussia team praise addenbrooke 's hospital , cambridge for `` remarkable care and attention .
 after 65 years , hero talks about d-day assault <sec> sixty-five years after d-day , cnn correspondent 's uncle talks about experience .  lenny lisovicz describes day he and his unit stormed omaha beach .  he says the nazis `` had you pinpointed . .  it was just like shootin ' ducks on a pond '' .  lisovicz was one of 22 , out of 220 men in his group , to return home aliv .
 saturday night on syfy : a campy , guilty pleasure <sec> syfy channel 's original movies are known for their campy fun .  syfy creators adhere to logical rules based on outlandish premises .  `` triassic attack '' is on the `` realistic '' end of the campy movie spectru .
 my mother deserved to die with dignity ( opinion ) <sec> loren stanford responds to the stories about brittany maynard , who plans to `` die with dignity '' .  stanford can understand , as her mother became very ill with cancer starting in 1984 .  stanford 's mother committed suicide , and she wishes she could have died another way .  have a personal essay of your own to share ? .  submit at cnn irepor .
