 ferrari 's birthday rebuke for alonso <sec> ferrari president luca di montezemolo rebukes fernando alonso for recent comments .  spaniard is asked to put interests of the team above his own .  rare public criticism comes after media speculation linking alonso with a switch to red bul .
 top issues : illegal immigration <sec> anger about arizona id law puts talk of reform back in political spotlight .  other states considering similar law , which allows police to ask for proof of legal residency .  obama criticizes law , sends troops to patrol mexican border , calls on congress for reform .  in 2007 , congress did n't pass immigration reform bil .
 new supreme court term begins ; kagan to recuse from dozens of cases <sec> about 52 appeals are on the supreme court 's schedule for the 2010-2011 term .  issues include immigration reform , violent video games and military funerals .  justice elena kagan will recuse herself from at least 24 cases .  lawmaker to propose bill allowing retired justice to sit in on cases of recusa .
 53 spectacular wildlife photos around the world <sec> click through the gallery for our favorite examples of wildlife photography .  follow the tips below to shoot amazing animal images of your own .  want to share your own wildlife photos ? .  submit at cnn irepor .
 justice breyer : burning a quran may be wrong , but it 's a right <sec> breyer says free speech applies equally to popular and unpopular statements .  `` we protect expression that we hate , '' he says , comparing act to right to burn american flag .  breyer 's new book , `` making our democracy work , '' intended as civic lesson on courts .  on prejudging cases , breyer says , `` if your mind is open , you 're open to being persuaded .
 several injured in pennsylvania bus accident <sec> new : all the injured have been released from hospital care .  the bus was headed from philadelphia to columbus , ohi .
 from the british museum to the tate modern , mega-museum go big <sec> the world 's biggest museums are adding new wings to accommodate visitors .  new exhibition spaces help expand existing programs and stage new shows .  renzo piano has created a glass structure to unite the harvard art museum .
 latest developments in the royal baby watch <sec> new : the queen does n't mind if the baby 's a boy or a girl -- she just wants it to arrive soon .  a royal source says catherine , the duchess of cambridge , is overdue .  she is expected to give birth at the private lindo wing of st. mary 's hospital .  bookies ' favorite baby names include alexandra , elizabeth , charlotte , george and jame .
 'world 's cheapest car ' to be launched in july <sec> tata motors to begin delivery of the nano in july .  tata aims to make 350,000 nanos a year from 2010 .  car is billed as the world 's cheapest , costing $ 2,00 .
 what does christian woman 's death sentence say about sudan ? <sec> after years of civil war , the majority christian south of sudan chose to secede .  border squabbles and skirmishes over the division of oil wealth are still the norm .  diktats on islamic dress have loosened -- but there is the occasional street sweep .  the death sentence for apostasy has left many sudanese shocke .
 suspected smuggler stuffed squirrels , tortoises into suitcases <sec> an indonesian man is arrested at an airport in thailand , a wildlife monitoring group says .  he had three suitcases stuffed with rare creatures , traffic says .  there were tortoises , lizards , spiders and a parrot in his luggage , it say .
 5-year-old 'karate kid ' earns black belt <sec> she 's an adorably cute 5-year-old girl from southern india , small and pretty .  she is as shy as most kids her own age especially when being interviewed .  to gain her black belt , varsha had to learn up to 15 katas .  varsha trains for at least two hours every day but has time for other game .
 from wall street to the street : a cabdriver 's tale <sec> jack alvo once made $ 250,000 a year on wall street ; now he drives a cab .  alvo keeps his resumes in the back seat , hoping it will help him land a job .  with wall street companies still cutting jobs , it 's not easy to get back into finance .  he sees a deepening divide between the super-rich and the middle clas .
 cnn student news - november 25 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 turkish government blames marxists with syrian connections in bombings <sec> turkey 's government believes some of its own citizens are behind the attacks .  the bombs killed 47 people and wounded about 100 , turkish officials say .  syrian official denies that his nation had any involvement .  tensions run high as syrians flee across border to escape civil wa .
 hamilton takes pole in malaysia <sec> lewis hamilton will start the malaysian gp in pole position .  beat ferrari 's vettel into second place in torrential rain .  max verstappen , 17 , will start sixt .
 woods hunts down pettersson at u.s. pga <sec> tiger woods in contention for his fifth u.s.pga title after consistent showing in round two .  swede carl pettersson has a erratic round at kiawah island after opening with 66 on thursday .  the 1991 champion john daly slips down leaderboard after posting a five-over 7 .
 4th of july tv marathons : what to watch <sec> there are plenty of shows to watch during the holiday weekend .  the shows are on basic and premium cable .  everything from old school `` batman '' to `` masters of sex .
 hillary clinton hints at run on 'daily show ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> palestinians in gaza are `` trapped by their leadership , '' clinton says .  clinton used her appearance to promote her book `` hard choices '' .  stewart : `` they just want to know if you 're running for president .
 unicef to auction cnnfc signed shirt and champions league ball <sec> cnnfc shirt and champions league ball up for grabs in auction .  some of the biggest names in football have signed the items .  unicef will be using the proceeds to fund work in syri .
 charles holliday : profile <sec> dupont 's ceo joined company at old hickory site in texas as engineer in 1970 .  he co-authored book on sustainable development and corporate responsibility .  has moved dupont from chemicals to science-based products and service .
 gaza truce extension appears to hold after shaky start <sec> israeli government spokesman mark regev says israel accepts truce extension .  he accuses hamas of violating the cease-fire overnight with rocket fire .  a hamas spokesman had earlier denied responsibility for any rockets launched .  israeli and palestinian officials are expected to resume indirect talks in cairo at the weeken .
 karadzic 's war crimes trial to go on despite boycott <sec> court spokeswoman : radovan karadzic can watch trial from cell .  ex-bosnian serb leader on genocide charges at international criminal tribunal .  prosecutors seek to impose lawyer on karadzic if he refuses to cooperate .  karadzic was arrested last year in belgrade after more than a decade on the ru .
 adrian peterson pleads no contest in whipping <sec> adrian peterson says he loves his son and regrets the incident .  da says the nfl star received no special treatment .  peterson is on probation for 2 years , will make public service announcement .  he is still on the vikings roster , but has been deactivate .
 s. korea to hold large live-fire drills on thursday <sec> the drills come as tensions between the two koreas remain high .  south korea held live-fire military exercises earlier this wee .
 megan fox says yes , but loses engagement ring <sec> megan fox engaged again to brian austin green .  diamond ring was lost on hawaiian beach .  fox and green relationship started in 2004 .  couple 's first engagement ended in februar .
 reports : iran , turkey sign trade pact potentially worth $ 30 billion <sec> tehran and ankara ink a pact sunday to spur trade between the two .  iran 's foreign minister says : `` iran and turkey ... complete each other '' .  a turkish minister says the trade deal should help both nations ' economies .  also sunday , turkey 's premier met with the president of syria , reports sa .
 phone number links woman to sect case , document says <sec> rozita swinton , 33 , was arrested this month on charge unrelated to ranch .  but texas rangers have said she is a `` person of interest '' in sect case .  court record : swinton is connected with phone number that brought attention to sect .  caller identified herself as a 16-year-old girl who claimed abuse by sect membe .
 judge overturns montana 's ban on same-sex marriage <sec> u.s. district court judge brian morris ' order is effective immediately .  montana can no longer deprive same-sex couples of the `` chance to marry their loves '' .  morris was appointed by president barack obama in december 201 .
 dozens hurt after phoenix school bus crashes into cars <sec> out-of-control school bus crashes into dozens of cars in phoenix , arizona .  panicked children jumped from bus , fleeing into neighborhood .  at least 26 people treated at area hospital .
 pakistani prime minister convicted of contempt but avoids prison time <sec> opposition leader calls for the prime minister to resign .  government ministers criticize the verdict as politically motivated .  the supreme court convicts yousuf raza gilani of contempt .  but it gives him just a symbolic sentence with no jail tim .
 weather improves , but california wildfire still threatens 4,000 homes <sec> cool onshore breezes and possible rain could weaken wildfire in los angeles .  but rain prediction could bring lightning that may spark new fires .  fire is only 30 % contained and threatens 4,000 homes .  sheriff deputies will pound on door if fires come close , resident say .
 wimbledon champions to receive £1 million prize money <sec> wimbledon men and womens ' champions to receive £1 million prize money . .  the figure is £150,000 higher than last year 's total . .  wimbledon championships to be a `` world cup-free zone '' .  rafael nadal pulls out of barcelona open to rest knee injury .
 recycled homes , one box at a time <sec> 18 million shipping containers transport goods worldwide ; many left at u.s. ports .  shipping containers are recycled into homes and other structures .  amsterdam has one of the biggest container structures , housing 1,000 student .
 could virgin galactic launch tourist trips to the moon by 2043 ? <sec> space companies hope to launch regular commercial flights over next 30 years .  virgin galactic plans to double number of people who have been into space since 1961 .  virgin faces competition from other commercial enterprises including blue origin and spacex .  delegates at uk conference also heard about plan to send new probe to jovian syste .
 abortion , not resume , could dominate sebelius confirmation <sec> catholic league president refers to gov . .  kathleen sebelius as `` enemy of the unborn '' .  progressive groups defend kansas governor , praise bipartisanship .  archbishop chastised sebelius over abortion bill that she called unconstitutional .  sebelius nomination likely to get backing of democrats , moderate republican .
 toilet training : taking sanitation seriously <sec> 2.6 billion people have no access to toilet ; 2.2 die annually from diarrhea .  world toilet organization includes 151 members from 53 countries .  rose george : universal sanitation by 2015 would cost $ 95bn , save $ 660bn .  flush toilet , sewer systems also pose problem to ecological sanitatio .
 q & a : how fannie , freddie and indymac affect you <sec> fannie mae , freddie mac own or guarantee almost half of u.s. home loans .  government announces steps to shore up mortgage giants if necessary .  steps could stabilize home price .
 fashion world mourns designer alexander mcqueen <sec> new : `` his talent had no boundaries , '' model naomi campbell says .  fashion designer alexander mcqueen , 40 , found dead at london home .  british police said death was not being treated as suspicious .  mcqueen had reputation for controversy , earning him title `` enfant terrible .
 obama expected to announce foreclosure plan <sec> plan is expected to help reduce mortgage payments by modifying loans .  obama plan may be between $ 50 billion and $ 100 billion .  economists say that amount may help , but it 's not enough to save housing crisi .
 bangladesh building collapse death toll surpasses 900 <sec> new : the death toll rises to 931 , according to bangladesh 's national news agency .  rescue workers save more than 2,400 people in the aftermath of the collapse .  the building , which housed five factories , caved in , burying hundreds in a heap of concrete .  it is the south asian nation 's deadliest industrial disaste .
 disney brings more oomph with new fantasyland <sec> walt disney world 's new fantasyland officially opens december 6 .  the expansion is the largest in the magic kingdom 's history .  the new restaurant be our guest is inspired by `` beauty and the beast .
 punish rapists , not fraternities ( opinion ) <sec> peter smithhisler : university of virginia suspended fraternities till january after rape allegations .  he says his heart goes out to sexual assault victims , but closing fraternities is no solution .  schools must hold assailants accountable , nor violate rights of those who follow rules , he says .  smithhisler : most fraternity men join for right reasons . .  punish rape , but be fair to fraternitie .
 in ebola fight , security forces to back up doctors <sec> ebola hemorrhagic fever has killed more than 660 , aid organization says .  some humanitarian organizations are leaving the region to protect their own .  that includes the peace corps , which is pulling 340 volunteers from 3 nation .
 houston win puts mahan in right state of mind for masters <sec> hunter mahan climbs up to a career-high fourth in golf 's world rankings .  american becomes the pga tour 's first two-time winner of the 2012 season .  his one-shot victory at the houston open boosts his hopes of a first major .  the 29-year-old goes into the masters this week with a new mental approac .
 beijing announces emergency measures amid fog of pollution <sec> beijing authorities to close factories , reduce vehicle traffic to reduce pollution .  emergency measures come into effect after `` three consecutive days '' of smog .  china 's capital has symbolized the environmental cost of economic growth .  environmentalists say plan must involve more than one cit .
 with pardon , obama delivers turkey from its fate as food <sec> in a holiday tradition , president saves turkey from ending up as thanksgiving dinner .  courage , a north carolina bird , is set to go to disneyland , take part in rose parade .  obama says that amid war and recession , blessings `` resonate a bit more powerfully '' .  later , president and family will donate turkeys for aid group 's thanksgiving dinne .
 fda says india plant falsified generic drug data <sec> fda stops drug applications from india-based drug plant .  plant officials falsified data on applications , agency says .  official : no reason to believe company 's drugs on u.s. shelves pose any safety threa .
 white house releases benghazi e-mails <sec> first on cnn : more than 100 pages of e-mails released in bid to quell critics .  the exchanges detail discussions between obama administration officials .  the talking points requested by congress have become a political flashpoint .  new : house committee chairman says e-mails are selected ; still wants other inf .
 china 's funeral strippers told to cover up <sec> funeral strippers in rural china are the latest focus of the country 's crackdown on vice .  in some areas of china , the hiring of professional mourners is commonplace , but some performances are getting racy .  government report says that stripteases undermine `` the cultural value of the entertainment business .
 monfils upsets federer to face soderling in paris final <sec> gael monfils to play robin soderling in the final of the paris masters .  monfils saves five match points before beating top seed roger federer .  soderling saves three match points to end hopes of frenchman michael llodr .
 group to focus on saving amphibians <sec> amphibian survival alliance aims to save threatened frogs , toads , salamanders .  one in three of 6,000 recognized amphibian species at risk of extinction , group says .  122 amphibian species have gone extinct since 1980 , group says .  amphibian species could help in development of medicines , scientist say .
 a sneak peek into florida 's legoland <sec> legoland florida opens saturday .  it 's the second u.s. legoland outdoor park .  it was built on the ground of cypress gardens , florida 's first theme park .  legoland florida 's manager is optimistic that the park will succee .
 'game back on ' for u.s. drone hits after obl death , says analyst <sec> new : since obl 's death , four drone strikes have occurred .  the incident took place in a north waziristan `` snake pit '' .  it occurred on the same day of a massive terror strik .
 who 's in charge in yemen ? <sec> yemen 's president , prime minister and cabinet have resigned , leaving no clear leadership .  their resignations followed a takeover of yemen 's capital by houthi rebels .  an analyst says there 's a potential for civil conflict without a president to unify faction .
 opinion : ted cruz can be president , probably <sec> sen. ted cruz was born in canada of a u.s. citizen mother and cuban immigrant father .  gabriel `` jack '' chin says constitution is vague on the exact standards to run for president .  chin says requirement to be a `` natural born citizen '' is not totally clear .  he says most scholars think cruz is eligible , and courts likely would n't bar hi .
 kerry-karzai afghanistan talks : 'major issues ' resolved <sec> agreement would keep some u.s. forces in afghanistan after 2014 nato pullout .  immunity for american troops killed similar negotiations with iraq .  kerry : u.s. respects afghan process of submitting deal to loya jirga council and parliament .  karzai says he has u.s. promise to stop unilateral military operations and searches of home .
 rochester , n.y. , officials vow to improve police , community relations <sec> the rochester , n.y. , police have come under recent criticism for racial profiling .  a city councilman is spearheading a panel to improve how the public can challenge police officers .  he had written a letter saying the city `` has lost control of its police force '' .  in one case , a woman was arrested while filming a police encounter outside her hom .
 ukraine mobilizes troops after russia 's 'declaration of war ' <sec> russian forces have `` complete operational control '' of crimea , a u.s. official says .  u.s. secretary of state john kerry will travel to kiev tuesday .  ukrainian pm says russian actions are `` a declaration of war '' .  g7 leaders condemn russia 's `` clear violation '' of ukraine 's sovereignt .
 dust storm kills 5 in tehran <sec> the freak storm plunged the city into darkness .  another 30 people were reported injured .  some flights were delayed at tehran 's mehrabad airpor .
 miami man accused in wife 's death claims self-defense <sec> husband : `` i feel like this was self-defense '' .  facebook image of wife 's body was online for hours .  `` she just started throwing punches like crazy , '' husband say .
 washington to relax restrictions on remittances , travel to cuba <sec> u.s. citizen will be able to send $ 500 every 3 months to cubans not within government .  u.s. citizens will not need federal approval to take religious or educational trips to the island .  ros-lehtinen : the changes will just benefit the cuban regime .  wayne smith : `` that 's really absurd .
 discovery of human skull recounted in rockefeller impersonator 's hearing <sec> new : almost entire skeleton found after skull 's discovery , anthropologist testifies .  the fractured skull received at least three blows , a forensic pathologist says .  christian karl gerhartsreiter is accused of murder .  he led a life of multiple identities and once claimed to be `` clark rockefeller .
 much adu about freddy <sec> u.s. soccer prodigy freddy adu signs for portuguese side benfica .  ghanian-born adu hailed as saviour of u.s. soccer since age of 13 .  had been linked with bigger clubs including manchester united , real madrid .  move to lesser club could help the 18-year-old adapt to european footbal .
