 visualizing greatness : how novak djokovic rose to the top <sec> world no.1 talks to cnn 's open court about life at the top and his upbringing in serbia .  djokovic won a third straight australian open title on sunday after beating andy murray .  strong family bond key to success and mental strength says 25-year-old serb .  `` i try to stay humble ... .  i want to have the most important , most valuable people in my life .
 fallout so far from danish spy 's revelations <sec> morten storm was a radical islamist turned double agent .  he claims danish agency recruited him to work with cia .  pet said it had nothing to do with anwar al-awlaki operatio .
 defining the new male ideal <sec> the new male ideal does not reflect the typical american male .  a revival of standards is making men more comfortable with their appearance and masculinity .  the swimmer 's physique , a long , lean look , is becoming the new idea .
 how to have more sheryl sandbergs <sec> writers : facebook 's sandberg an anomaly ; 7.5 % of fortune 500 big earners are female .  too often , they write , people attribute the scarcity of powerful women to a lack of confidence .  but people look to their peers ' behavior to judge what they 're capable of , writers say .  women need to feel entitled to power and must cultivate confident friends , they sa .
 oracle team usa wins america 's cup <sec> oracle team usa wins america cup .  only second time in 162-year history that competition has gone down to the final race .  emirates new zealand had led 8-1 before losing 9- .
 childhood traumas resurface as lebanon bleeds again <sec> cnn 's octavia nasr : will lebanon 's brief renaissance be snuffed out ? .  nasr says lebanon 's key power players have n't changed since 1980s .  nasr : current struggle threatens to set lebanon back 20 year .
 'cathy ' comic strip to end after 34 years <sec> 'cathy ' has run in hundreds of newspapers for 34 years .  cathy 's comic neuroses have made her a popular character .  creator cathy guisewite says it will end in october .  guisewite wants to spend more time with her famil .
 south africa 2010 turns globe into planet football <sec> south africa 2010 is the first time the world cup has been staged in africa .  the inaugural world cup took place in uruguay in 1930 .  this year 's tournament sees 32 teams contest the trophy .  fifa boasts more than 200 member states -- more than the united nation .
 'trash for food ' at mexico city barter market <sec> new bartering scheme in mexico city helping residents exchange trash for fresh food .  the mercado de trueque encourages people to recycle paper , glass and plastic .  in return , residents receive vouchers that are exchanged for produce at a farmers ' marke .
 ex-manson follower susan atkins dies <sec> former manson family member susan atkins dies at 61 .  atkins stabbed actress sharon tate to death in 1969 .  atkins was california 's longest-serving female inmate .  manson family members ' murderous rampage terrorized los angeles in late '60 .
 al qaeda advancing in syria , one town at a time <sec> terrorist groups are consolidating power in northern syria , watch groups say .  al qaeda offshoot took atimah on turkish border , which will impede free syrian army .  group is imposing strict islamic law ; takeover benefits assad regim .
 ntsb : captain 's 'reckless ' decision led to bounty loss <sec> bounty survivor : captain should have ordered crew to abandon ship 4 hours sooner .  first report by federal investigators blames hms bounty sinking on captain and ship owners .  captain went missing after shipwreck ; deckhand claudene christian died in the disaster .  lawyer for victim 's family says her parents are `` not doing well at all .
 is the far right gaining ground in europe ? <sec> france 's national front gained 20 % of the vote in the first round of the presidential election .  the far-right group is against membership of the euro and taps into anti-muslim sentiment .  the far right has seen gains in austria , belgium , scandinavia and elsewhere .  analysts say the austerity crisis is only one factor in the far right 's rise in europ .
 cia drone war in pakistan in sharp decline <sec> authors : america 's drone war in pakistan is much diminished .  they say it 's a victim of a deeply troubled relationship between u.s. , pakistan .  u.s. raid on bin laden and other incidents sparked anger from pakistanis , they say .  drones have killed many al qaeda leaders , and some targets are low level , they sa .
 5 things to know about obama and immigration <sec> president obama has said he 'll act on his own to help undocumented immigrants by the end of the year .  republicans have said it will `` poison the well '' if he goes around congres .
 police : man arrested in man 's death id 'd aaron hernandez as shooter <sec> document : hernandez 's fiance `` began to cry '' after hearing of lloyd 's death .  surveillance video shows ex-nfl player , 2 others leaving , going back to house .  1 man arrested in case told another that hernandez pulled the trigger , police say .  document : hernandez slammed the door in officers ' faces after they asked question .
 u.s. extends ban on flights into tel aviv <sec> security in israel is `` as good as it gets '' says jerusalem mayor .  bloomberg says you have to take reasonable precautions , but not go overboard .  hamas spokesman : `` isolating israel from the world is a great victory '' .  the u.s. ban on flights now runs through midday thursda .
 family members of 9/11 victims support and denounce nyc islamic center <sec> coalition formed to show support for islamic center near new york 's ground zero .  proposed construction of center has stirred debate nationwide .  one 9/11 family member calls support for it `` living up to america 's core values '' .  another 9/11 family member says center is `` nothing short of a provocation .
 presidential candidates 'agree iran can not become another n korea ' <sec> iranians head to the polling booths on friday june 14 .  the third and last presidential debate friday focused on foreign policy .  the exchange was so heated that candidates were accused of revealing national secrets .  the key message from the debate was iran 's foreign policy needs reformin .
 secret service director called to capitol hill over behavior of agents <sec> three agents were sent home from the netherlands after a night of drinking .  one of the agents was found passed out in a hotel hallway .  senators were concerned about other episodes involving agents in recent years .  agency head julia pierson says the problems do n't reflect the culture of the secret servic .
 report : gadhafi ordered lockerbie jet bombing <sec> libya 's former justice minister levels the accusation in swedish tabloid expressen .  mustafa abdul jalil says he has evidence , but article cites no specifics .  the 1988 bombing of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie , scotland , killed 270 peopl .
 cleanup continues in california after damaging winds <sec> 85,000 households were still without power saturday evening , two utilities report .  hundreds of utility and public workers are out to clean up debris , restore power .  l.a. county spokesman calls the windstorm `` probably the worst '' in over a decad .
 canada appeals to overturn south african refugee ruling <sec> brandon huntley says he faced racial violence and discrimination in south africa .  canadian immigration board recently granted refugee status to huntley .  south african government blasted decision as racist .  canadian government asks courts to overturn independent board 's decisio .
 cnn student news - december 2 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 egg-freezing better for companies , not women ( opinion ) <sec> writers : apple , facebook offer coverage for women employees freezing their eggs .  it 's quick fix for tricky social , cultural issues -- do n't buy it , they say .  they say the policy expects women to be flexible , not companies .  writers : instead , demand policies that ease the workplace strain for mothers , father .
 a sudden change of tide : the people who quit their day job to sail the world <sec> 500 sailors , majority with no previous experience , will circumnavigate world .  part of clipper round the world race , 12 yachts compete in year-long voyage .  last year 's competitors tell of harrowing rescues and heartwarming moments .  `` a life-changing experience '' for sailors who learn to face fear .
 co-founder : how china 's yihaodian sees e-commerce <sec> by 2017 , business-to-consumer e-commerce in china is predicted to double its share .  yihaodian , an online grocery business , has boomed since 2008 launch .  facets of chinese e-commerce differs from u.s. websites , writes yu gan .
 nadal edges djokovic in french open thriller <sec> rafael nadal rallies from a break down in the fifth set to beat novak djokovic .  the french open semifinal goes to five sets after nadal fails to serve it out in the fourth .  djokovic was bidding to win his first french open after topping nadal in monte carlo .  nadal will face david ferrer in sunday 's final after compatriot beats jo-wilfried tsong .
 chris brown ordered to stay in rehab another two months <sec> chris brown must stay in rehab until his washington assault charge is tried .  brown 's probation has been revoked twice in the past year .  the singer appeared to meditate in court .  the rehab director says brown is learning new ways to deal with anger , stres .
 at china 's big trial , bo xilai keeps up his counterattack <sec> new : court adjourns for the day and will resume saturday .  bo describes his jailed wife as `` insane '' after watching her video testimony .  the former top official has mounted a tough defense against bribery charges .  an article in state-run media talks of bo 's `` lying skills .
 new delhi launches no peeing in public campaign <sec> indian capital has launched a campaign to discourage urinating in public places .  new delhi is preparing to host the commonwealth games in october of next year .  city to display billboards , conduct tv , radio campaign to deter the common practice .  urinating , spitting and littering in public are punishable with a fine of $ 10 or more in new delh .
 china 's imperiled jade rabbit moon rover : 'goodnight , humanity ' <sec> the jade rabbit moon rover suffers serious malfunction , says state media .  report written in the voice of the rover says `` i might not survive this lunar night '' .  chinese social media users have flooded the rover with well-wishes .  `` goodnight earth , goodnight humanity , '' says the jade rabbit in the repor .
 in surprise , herbie hancock wins album of the year <sec> herbie hancock wins album of the year .  amy winehouse wins song of the year , record of year , best new artist .  vince gill wins best country album ; foo fighters win best rock album .  kanye west wins best rap album , gives powerful performanc .
 fifa awards goal-line technology licenses <sec> fifa award licenses to goal-line technology developers goalref and hawk-eye .  world soccer 's lawmakers approved the use of goal-line technology in july .  hawk-eye is already used in tennis and cricket ; goalref developed by a german company .  the technology will be used for the first time at the fifa club world cup in japa .
 diy home ( and pet ) surveillance from an app <sec> dropcam is a simple surveillance camera that streams live videos .  the company released a new camera that has a wider field of view and a better lens .  the product is a hit with pet owners , who can use the voice feature to scold from afa .
 heads of 3 iraqi tribes killed <sec> leader of tribe that includes saddam hussein 's family dies in blast .  gunmen kill two other tribal heads who advocated national reconciliation .  u.s.-led coalition troops kill three suspected militants in northern iraq .  u.s. diplomat : iraq should n't be base for attacks on other state .
 underdog prevails in 'raging bull ' appeal <sec> the supreme court permits lawsuit to move ahead years after being filed .  the justices say daughter of book co-author did n't wait too long to make her claims .  she claimed ownership of the original screenplay and subsequent rights .  entertainment companies are likely to be impacted by the rulin .
 cnn student news transcript - november 18 , 2011 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 the message of maya angelou <sec> leslie sanchez says maya angelou , whose life has inspired many women , has turned 82 .  she says angelou tells women to `` grab life by the lapels , '' but culture presents hurdles .  women succeed in earning , education ; lag in congress , pop culture portrayals , she says .  sanchez : angelou can inspire women to be determined , resilient and to surmount barrier .
 two key gop senators to oppose sotomayor <sec> sen. orrin hatch says nominee 's off-the-bench comments are troubling .  sen. john cornyn cites `` surprisingly radical view of the law '' .  vote on nomination to come soon , with approval expected .  conservative groups have been pushing senators to oppos .
 getting away , celebrity style <sec> ca n't afford a second home ? .  sample the good life with a rental .  for a taste of the hawaii that oprah enjoys , head to upcountry maui .  a brangelina-style château might be out of reach , but perhaps an aix-en-provence pied-à-terre .
 judge : indiana teens ' racy social media photos are protected speech <sec> teenagers posed with `` phallic-shaped rainbow lollipops '' and posted the photos online .  parent brought print-outs of the photos to the superintendent .  school suspended girls from sports , sent them to counseling , asked them to apologize .  indiana district judge found the school had violated the students ' first amendment right .
 analysis : professor exposes more voting system flaws <sec> professor , students expose vulnerabilities in internet-based voting system .  halderman 's team modified online ballots ; had page play university of michigan fight song .  halderman says other hackers were guessing at password , and likey would have succede .
 napolitano : mexican drug war 'not a failure ' <sec> homeland security secretary is on a 5-day tour that started in mexico .  she also will go to guatemala , el salvador , costa rica and panama .  in mexico , napolitano said she still considers the country a safe destination for tourists .  `` americans come and go freely to mexico ... .  i expect that to continue , '' she sai .
 bill that restricts protests at military funerals awaits obama 's signature <sec> congress has passed measure as part of comprehensive bill on veterans affairs .  it bans protests two hours before and after military funerals .  a kansas church has held hundreds of anti-gay protests at military funerals .  the westboro baptist church won a supreme court ruling for its right to protes .
 prix de l'arc de triomphe : can equine love help cure cancer ? <sec> criquette head-maarek remains a key figure in racing despite two serious health scares .  the trainer of last year 's prix de l'arc de triomphe winner treve , she is once more aiming to win .  she is part of a racing dynasty that has been a dominant force in the prix de l'arc for decades .  something of a trailblazer , she was one of the world 's first female racehorse trainer .
 sos in the sand helps rescuers find stranded snorkelers off australia <sec> five people were snorkeling off northeastern coast of australia when boat got away .  they made a giant sos on a sandbar and retreated to a rocky outcrop .  worried tide would wash away their message , helicopter crew finds them .  they were lifted up to the helicopter in a basket rescu .
 mount kinabalu : spiritual peak of borneo <sec> unesco-listed mount kinabalu is one of malaysian borneo 's most popular tourist attractions .  mount kinabalu climbers are required by law to have a guide and hiking permit .  dry season of march to august are the best months to clim .
 sonia peres , wife of israeli president , dead at 87 <sec> sonia peres preferred to remain out of the public eye .  the couple has lived separately since shimon peres was elected presiden .
 new poison letters put ricin under microscope <sec> suspected ricin-laced letters have proliferated in recent weeks .  the toxin can be deadly but is an ineffective weapon , experts say .  the letters attract publicity more than anything else , ex-new york police commissioner say .
 it 's may fourth ; may the 'star wars ' puns begin <sec> `` star wars '' fans wait all year for may 4 to play a pun off `` may the force be with you '' .  they celebrate with movie marathons and dressing up .  even a minor league baseball team and one airport are getting in on the fu .
 opinion : child brides robbed of their future <sec> gayle lemmon : pakistani student malala yousafzai raised her voice for girls ' education .  lemmon says girls in south asia are married as children at high rate and are denied an education .  she says educated girls make more money , their babies live longer , their families benefit .  lemmon : if married early , girls have higher mortality , hiv rates and povert .
 obama poster artist gets probation for evidence tampering <sec> shepard fairey pleaded guilty to criminal contempt of court in february .  he also was ordered on friday to pay $ 25,000 in fines in a dispute that dates to 2009 .  in his civil complaint , fairey claimed to have used a photo of obama and george cloone .
 mexicans seeking asylum : 'the fear never ends ' <sec> number of mexicans seeking asylum in u.s. on the rise .  journalist says his stories have put him in harm 's way : `` they told me i was next '' .  police chief from nearby palomas , mexico , has disappeared amid violenc .
 'before i die ' : global art project celebrate hopes for love , travel <sec> the `` before i die '' global art project invites people to share hopes , dreams on public walls .  more than 400 `` before i die '' have been created in 60 countries and in 25 languages .  `` before i die '' walls are celebrated in a new book out this month .  creator candy chang reflects upon the 5 most prominent themes on the wall .
 royal ballet star takes inspiration from chinese dance <sec> royal ballet principal ballerina tamara rojo travels to beijing to create dance fusion .  on journey rojo seeks to understand different cultural notions of beauty .  she explains how her interpretation of chinese dance creates synthesis of east and wes .
 more than 200,000 kids spanked at school <sec> human rights watch , aclu say spanking `` discourages learning '' .  corporal punishment is used frequently in schools in 13 states ; it 's legal in 21 .  rights groups say such punishments are often disproportionately applied .  evangelical leader 's group says spanking `` can be useful '' in elementary school .
 bodies found in probe of alleged abduction of 3 tennessee sisters , mother <sec> new : the bodies were found in mississippi but have n't been identified , the fbi says .  new : the fbi says the alleged abductor `` should be considered armed and dangerous '' .  3 sisters and their mother were reported missing april 27 in tennessee , authorities say .  authorities issued an amber alert for the children and sought help in finding the suspec .
 the art of eye making <sec> christie erickson became an ocularist after her son lost his eye in an accident .  glass has n't been used to make eyes since after world war ii .  it takes 10,000 hours of apprentice work to become a certified ocularis .
 'american sniper , ' the oscars and that fake baby <sec> one critic joked that the film wo n't win an oscar because of its fake baby .  the screenwriter tweeted that the original baby got sick .  the fake baby even has a twitter accoun .
 creflo dollar : the devil is trying to discredit me <sec> creflo dollar 's ministry had posted a now-withdrawn request asking 200,000 people to chip in $ 300 each .  dollar preaches a prosperity gospel , which promises wealth to those who tithe 10 % of their income to the church .  the atlanta-based pastor said the devil wants to stop him from traveling the world , spreading christianit .
 tanks block access to western syrian city , activist says <sec> new : syria 's foreign minister blames `` foreign incitement '' for anti-government protests .  tanks move in to cut off parts of a city in troubled homs province , activist claims .  tanks are surrounding the hospital in al-rastan , the activist says .  state media reports discovery of weapons , ammunition and bomb materials in homs and dara .
 gop slams klain pick as ebola czar - cnnpolitics.com <sec> republicans are against the president 's decision to appoint ron klain as the `` ebola czar '' .  several say klain 's campaign experience is the wrong kind of background for the position .  sen. ted cruz : `` ... the answer is n't another white house political operative '' .  wh says klain has strong management experience and connections in washingto .
 review : 'bachelorette ' <sec> `` bachelorette '' follows a bride-to-be and her three friends over the course of a bachelorette party .  `` bachelorette '' is a sloshed-night-before-the-wedding comedy .  `` for a good time , call ... '' tells the tale of roommates who team up to launch a phone-sex lin .
