 navy : sailor kills female colleagues , then shoots self <sec> new : sailor shoots two female colleagues , then self , navy says .  incident occurred at u.s. navy support facility in the country .  navy says incident was not terror-related .  base supports u.s. fifth fleet , whose operations span 27 nation .
 instagram profiles are coming to the web <sec> instagram will be adapting user photos and data into web-based profiles .  photo-sharing network says web profiles will launch to all users in the next week or so .  each web profile will feature a selection of recent shared photograph .
 'shocking ' report on cia interrogation closer to public release - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the panel voted 11-3 for declassification of some of the report .  intelligence committee report covers cia interrogation programs during the bush era .  panel will submit entire report to the white house , which has final say on declassification .  this is the report that triggered allegations of cia spying on the intelligence committe .
 coast guard suspends search for nfl players , friend <sec> new : friends , relatives of three missing men to organize private search .  coast guard suspends search off florida coast at sundown tuesday .  missing boaters include nfl players marquis cooper , corey smith .  fourth boater , nick schuyler , was rescued off florida coast on monda .
 goodbye home address , hello 'lazy.trouser.snake ' ? <sec> startup what3words aims to replace every address with a simple three word code .  ceo chris sheldrick says the new system is faster , simpler and more precise .  it promises to connect those in the developing world who lack a reliable address system .  but what if your three word address was less than flattering .
 the gang 's all here -- minus the audience <sec> `` new year 's eve '' opens with a meager $ 13.7 million .  its predecessor , `` valentine 's day '' raked in $ 56 million its opening weekend in 2010 .  casting director : marquee loading is probably not to blame for the flick 's performanc .
 '7 habits ' author stephen covey dead at 79 <sec> stephen covey died early monday at an idaho hospital .  death was from effects stemming from an april bicycle accident , his family says .  he was a co-founder of franklincovey co .
 season 4 of 'downton abbey ' will premiere on ... <sec> `` downton abbey '' will return in january 2014 .  the new season will run for eight weeks .  there will be several new character .
 manchester city crushes united in derby <sec> manchester city wins 4-1 in sunday 's derby match against manchester united .  sergio aguero scores twice , with yaya toure and samir nasri also on target .  wayne rooney nets late consolation for united in absence of robin van persie .  arsenal top of epl table on goal difference after 3-1 win over stok .
 russia slams texas d.a . for not charging parents of dead adopted boy <sec> 3-year-old max shatto died suddenly in january .  a texas grand jury declined to indict his parents , prosecutors say .  russia 's child rights ombudsman criticizes the prosecutors ' handling of the case .  the death has strained efforts to push through international adoption .
 uae 's first female fighter pilot led airstrike against isis <sec> maj. mariam al mansouri led a strike mission this week , ambassador says .  `` she is ( a ) fully qualified , highly trained , combat ready pilot '' .  al mansouri had wanted to be a fighter pilot since her teen .
 missed signals cleared the way for suspect to board plane <sec> despite warnings , suspect 's visa was not revoked .  tip from suspect 's father sent to national counterterrorism center .  suspect put on tide list , along with 550,000 other possibly suspicious people .  to take matters further , there has to be a `` reasonable suspicion '' of a link to terroris .
 hilton facing felony drug possession charge after weekend arrest <sec> cocaine fell out of hilton 's purse as she was looking for lip balm , police say .  she said the purse was n't hers , but some items in it were .  hilton is set to appear in court october 2 .
 statue stolen from madoff found with message <sec> statue was reported stolen in december from florida estate of bernard madoff .  statue recovered with message : `` lesson : return stolen property to rightful owners '' .  madoff was arrested in december , accused of operating $ 50 billion ponzi schem .
 4th case of meningococcal disease at ucsb <sec> new : 700 students will be given an antibiotic to guard against meningitis , health officials said .  meningococcal disease has left one ucsb student permanently disabled .  students who are close contacts of cases are receiving antibiotics .  princeton will offer a meningitis b vaccine to student .
 man detained at montreal airport after suspicious item found <sec> police : the suspicious item is part of a potential device but not an explosive .  the flight the man was going to board was bound for los angeles .  the man in his 70s is known to police but not for terrorism , an official says .  police have searched other passengers and the man 's hom .
 mercedes : no schumacher ultimatum ; porsche chief hints at f1 return <sec> german newspaper bild claims that michael schumacher has been told to improve .  but mercedes chief norbert haug denies that 41-year-old was given ultimatum .  seven-time world champion languishing 10th overall in his comeback season .  german manufacturer porsche hints it may return to f1 grid for first time since 1960 .
 sprint falls to last in consumer reports rankings <sec> sprint drops to last in consumer reports rankings of wireless carriers .  verizon was top-ranked major service provider .  sprint says slip likely due to ongoing upgrades to its networ .
 cop : detective gawked at whitney houston 's naked corpse <sec> new : beverly hills spokesman says detective had a reason to examine houston 's body .  beverly hills sgt . .  brian weir reveals allegation in labor complaint .  weir was called to whitney houston 's hotel room after she was found dead .  a detective said , `` damn , she 's still looking good , huh ? '' .  after pulling back sheet , weir say .
 hannah graham suspect questioned in 2002 case <sec> new : father says jesse matthew is a gentle man .  new : vacationer says he spoke with matthew before arrest ; `` he seemed real nice '' .  matthew was never charged in 2002 case due to lack of evidence .  university of virginia student hannah graham was last seen on september 1 .
 what parents can learn about the web from kim k <sec> kids get the impression from the likes of kim kardashian that any attention is good .  dr. jodi gold writes that parents need to use kardashian as a teaching tool for teens .  monitoring teen social media in secret is a mistake parents make , gold says .  regular and honest feedback from parents about kids ' online personae is necessar .
 u.s. , iran to discuss chaos in iraq <sec> u.s. , iran to meet in baghdad to discuss worsening conditions in iraq .  ambassadors to iraq from both countries to lead talks .  talks follow a landmark meeting in ma .
 witnesses : security forces kill 2 in yemen protests <sec> three army planes also attack the protesters , witnesses say .  the majority of the protesters are houthi rebels .  the houthis are shiite muslims and followers of slain cleric hussein al-houth .
 board members in olympus cover-up resign <sec> shares of scandal-plagued olympus rallied after three board members quit .  chairman tsuyoshi kikukawa , vice president hisashi mori and auditor hideo yamada quit .  ousted ceo turned whistleblower michael woodford met with japanese police .  investigation centers on $ 1.4 billion in losses the company claimed as transaction fee .
 5 key questions in the fight against isis <sec> white house : president obama has not decided on air strikes in syria .  possible options include air strikes on isis targets in syria .  some consider the group a direct threat to u.s. security .  obama spent three years avoiding a u.s. military role in syri .
 how mobile broadband can transform africa <sec> mobile broadband can help africa reach millennium development goals , says hamadoun touré .  he argues that broadband can teach children information technology skills .  mobile technology is transforming healthcare and banking , touré say .
 u.s.-iraq deal would whittle troops ' immunity <sec> new : u.s.-iraq draft : troops committing murder in iraq could face iraqi prosecution .  iraq 's ruling united iraqi alliance found several `` points '' needing more discussion .  ruling bloc did not make clear what issues they had regarding troop agreemen .
 romney 's weekend : family photos or political fodder ? <sec> romney spends easter weekend at his beach house in la jolla , california .  will pictures showing him in the posh environment be a political liability ? .  his campaign staff says it does n't see a problem : he spent a weekend with his family .  gop strategist : `` in america , being successful and being wealthy is a good thing .
 calif. motorist accused of killing 4 while intoxicated <sec> margo julie bronstein , 56 , faces about 40 years in prison if convicted of all charges .  bronstein pleads not guilty to gross vehicular manslaughter and drug-related charge .  killed were mom and son , age 6 , and two people aged 87 and 81 .  many victims were leaving christmas event at a catholic churc .
 jane kean , trixie on 'the honeymooners ' revival , dies at age 90 <sec> jane kean was best known as trixie on the tv revival of `` the honeymooners '' in 1966 .  she died after a fall that led to a hemorrhagic stroke .  credits ranged from tv series such as `` growing pains '' and `` scarecrow and mrs. king , .
 second woman accuses san diego mayor of sexual harassment <sec> laura fink says incident happened while she was a campaign staffer in 2005 .  she says then-congressman bob filner patted her `` posterior '' .  filner 's former spokeswoman is suing him for sexual harassment .  he has been battling such allegations for several week .
 spanish newspaper prints , retracts fake photo of ailing hugo chavez <sec> new : el pais says it will revise its verification procedures .  venezuela 's government says it plans to pursue legal action against newspaper .  el pais publishes a photo of an intubated man in a hospital bed , then later retracts it .  the spanish newspaper apologizes to its reader .
 romney ca n't shirk responsibility for bain <sec> mitt romney says he ceased managing bain capital when he took over olympics in 1999 .  roberta karmel says romney signed sec documents saying he was bain ceo after 1999 .  she asks why did he continue in that role and why did he get a salary if he had left the job ? .  failure to reveal finances means we do n't know how much he made on bain deals , she say .
 movie director who made anti-gay remark apologizes , wo n't produce oscars show <sec> brett ratner has resigned as producer of the 84th annual academy awards show .  in a statement tuesday , ratner says he apologizes `` publicly and unreservedly '' .  ratner made a demeaning remark during a q & a session about his movie `` tower heist '' .  `` rehearsing is for f*gs , '' new york magazine 's vulture blog quoted ratner as sayin .
 what is man 's greatest achievement ? <sec> cnn posed the question to people in seven cities .  answers ranged from fire , to the written word , the internet , plane travel .  a few people nominated the moon landing as man 's greatest feat .  have your say through sound off , or send us a video to irepor .
 praise and apology for sangakkara <sec> kumar sangakkara makes 192 as sri lanka lose the second test in hobart .  sri lanka , chasing 507 to win , are dismissed for 410 by australia .  brett lee takes four for 87 and is named player of the serie .
 for mexico 's journalists , story assignment can be a date with death <sec> three mexican journalists have been killed so far in 2010 .  says one editor : drug violence `` generates fear , even if you do n't like to admit it '' .  news groups must be cautious when investigating slayings linked to drug cartels .  journalists say cartels pressure them to drop some stories , cover other .
 footgolf takes off in the united states <sec> footgolf , a soccer-golf hybrid , is being played on hundreds of courses across the u.s . .  it is like golf , except you use your feet and a soccer ball .  footgolf could bring new revenue to courses as the golf business decline .
 fleeing isis onslaught <sec> families flee parts of western iraq amid continuing onslaught from isis fighters .  officials there say the iraqi government is failing to protect them .  thousands have been forced to grab what they can and head east toward the capita .
 mourinho milestone as real madrid win cuts barcelona 's la liga lead <sec> second-placed real madrid beat levante 2-0 to keep spanish title hopes alive .  karim benzema and ricardo carvalho score in the first half at santiago bernabeu .  valencia lose ground on top two teams after being held 0-0 by sporting gijon .  fifth-placed atletico madrid win 1-0 at real zaragoza in saturday 's late matc .
 south korea increases airport security <sec> cargo inspections to increase at incheon airport .  passenger security checks will also be expanded .  the move comes ahead of this month 's g20 summit in seou .
 formula one teams write to fia about 2011 race calendar <sec> formula one teams association write to sport 's governing body about 2011 calendar .  fota 's letter also sent to bahrain international circuit who host the bahrain gp .  former motorsport chief max mosley told cnn the bahrain race wo n't go ahead .  uk press association claim fota letter asks for bahrain race to be droppe .
 jury out on major light inductees to golf 's fabled hall of fame <sec> golf picks its hall of fame inductees annually .  announcement made at pga tour 's players tournament at sawgrass .  colin montgomerie and fred couples picked in the player category for 2013 .  choices have prompting stinging criticism from former great ray floy .
 convicted steubenville teen classified as sex offender <sec> a judge rules trent mays should be classified as a sex offender .  mays and ma'lik richmond , high school football players , were convicted in march .  they were convicted of raping a 16-year-old girl last year .  the case , which involved social media , attracted worldwide attention on social medi .
 barbie vs. bratz battle rages on to the end <sec> bratz dolls will leave the market at the end of the year , to tweens ' dismay .  mattel sued bratz , claiming bratz dolls ' creator came up with concept while at mattel .  some parents prefer barbies to bratz because of barbies ' more wholesome image .  others feel barbies present an unhealthy , unrealistic imag .
 world cup : costa rica stuns italy , sends england home <sec> costa rica beats italy 1-0 to reach second round after scoring in first half .  bryan ruiz scores on a close-range header for the lone goal in recife .  italy or uruguay will join costa rica in the knockout stage from the group .  the result means england go home after two narrow defeat .
 more charges filed against serial stabbing suspect , lawyers say <sec> two more homicide charges are filed against abuelazam , who is jailed in michigan .  he 's been linked to attacks in michigan , ohio and virginia .  his attorney says investigators do not have strong enough evidenc .
 15 killed in boko haram raid , nigerian villagers say <sec> fighters arrived on motorcycles , torched homes and killed young men -- resident .  residents say at least 15 people were killed in the raid by boko haram militants .  homes were also burned in the raid on kautikari village , near chibok , they sai .
 report : syrian general gunned down in damascus <sec> new : nearly 700 have died in past week , opposition group says .  slain brig . .  gen. issa al-kholi was a physician .  free syrian army officer says the regime could have killed the general .  violence rages in homs , daraa and the damascus regio .
 uk 's prince william : we will fight illegal wildlife trade together <sec> prince william says a global alliance is being created to combat the illegal wildlife trade .  united for wildlife brings together his foundation and the world 's leading wildlife charities .  increasing numbers of elephants , rhinos and tigers are being poached for the trade .  a global conference is being held thursday in london to address the issu .
 mexican troops capture a top suspect in slayings of 49 <sec> new : authorities detail violence , turf battles between cartels .  suspect hurled a grenade and fired at troops as they closed in , a military official says .  known as `` el loco , '' authorities say elizondo is a zetas cartel leader in nuevo leon state .  announcement of his capture comes a week after 49 bodies were found along a highwa .
 spain 's princess cristina faces charges in corruption scandal <sec> new : royal family issues statement about judge 's decision , will appeal .  the scandal has riveted spanish media .  princess cristina 's husband also faces preliminary charges .  the couple is under investigation for allegedly diverting public fund .
 cnn student news learning activity : interviewing military veterans <sec> students will interview u.s. military veterans .  students will examine the sacrifices of u.s. military veteran .
 does 'trivago guy ' need a makeover ? <sec> a makeover contest aims to spiff up the disheveled `` trivago guy '' .  tim williams , the actor who stars in trivago commercials , is open to improvements .  `` do i need a makeover ? .  no . .  do i want one ? .  kind of , yeah .
 how 'open ' is google , really ? <sec> google has been inconsistent when it comes to web video technology .  many new android phones ship with pre-installed `` crapware '' apps .  google is `` open '' when it is convenient or favorable to google -- which is their righ .
 mourinho loses long unbeaten record as real 's title hopes fade <sec> barcelona 's lead grows to eight points after real madrid 's defeat by sporting gijon .  real coach jose mourinho suffers his first home league reverse in nine years .  barca , also hit by injuries , edge a 1-0 victory at fourth-placed villarreal .  valencia reclaim third as roberto soldado scores four goals against former club getaf .
 in an instant , these people became everyday heroes <sec> heroic acts occurred across the country as reported by cnn 's affiliates .  among them : a postal worker helps a mother whose baby is unconscious .  off-duty emergency worker pulls a woman from a van after it crashes into an icy pond .  man sees 75-year-old stuck on train tracks and pulls him to safet .
 homeless man shot by lapd : who was 'africa ' ? <sec> the man known as africa often helped employees at a homeless shelter .  but he sometimes acted erratically , and footage showed him fighting before his deat .
 dolphins suspend richie incognito after jonathan martin 's allegations <sec> new : ex-dolphins player says incognito would test his teammates .  jonathan martin took a leave of absence last week after an incident in cafeteria .  media reports say incognito left racially charged voice mail for teammate jonathan martin .  report : incognito will be released by dolphins , team official say .
 son 's gift brings parents to tears <sec> joseph riquelme paid off his parents ' home for christmas .  a youtube video showing the exchange will warm the iciest of hearts .  `` way to make everyone else 's 6 pack of costco brand socks for dad look even worse , '' friend joke .
 swimmer 's family mourns sudden loss ; 'he passed doing what he loved ' <sec> new : swimmer 's family takse solace in knowing `` he passed ... doing what he loved '' .  new : swimmer 's sister says he was n't himself as the race continued .  officials say that severe fatigue was a factor in fran crippen 's death .  crippen , 26 , died during last leg of 10-kilometer open-water rac .
 palestinian party posts , pulls skulls with jewish stars <sec> the image was posted to fatah 's official facebook page .  contacted by cnn , a fatah official said the party wants the photo removed .  it 's the latest controversial image from palestinian authority president abbas ' part .
 $ 1 million ai weiwei vase destroyed in miami as artist protests <sec> prominent chinese artist 's work vandalized in miami gallery .  defendant says he destroyed ai weiwei 's $ 1 million vase as `` a spontaneous protest '' .  ai has previously destroyed vases as part of his work .  but he says a line needs to be drawn when work is damaged as part of a protes .
 taylor swift , beyonce grab grammys , but jackson kids steal show <sec> taylor swift wins album of the year , four grammys total .  beyonce wins six grammys , including song of the year .  jackson children prince michael and paris accept lifetime achievement award .  kings of leon 's `` use somebody '' wins record of the yea .
