 italy 's academy of silence wants you to travel -- quietly <sec> academy of silence announces plan to map italy 's quietest places .  one possible candidate is a hotel with no tvs or phones -- and single rooms only .  sicily 's stagnone lagoon promises quality silence on the water .  almost abandoned civita di bagnoreggio is falling off a cliff -- but it 's peacefu .
 soup dumplings amid skyscrapers in shanghai <sec> anthony bourdain travels to shanghai , china , in the season premiere of `` parts unknown '' .  china is the biggest market for red wine , even over france .  shanghai 's most famous dish is perhaps xiao long bao , a steamed soup dumplin .
 afghanistan 's bamiyan province struggles to build tourism <sec> bamiyan is one of the safest parts of afghanistan .  since the overthrow of the taliban in 2001 , hotels have opened in the region .  colossal buddha statues destroyed by the taliban once towered over the valley .  stunning terrain and a cave network of monasteries draw tourist .
 'family matters '' star busted for failure to pay <sec> darius mccrary played eddie winslow on 'family matters ' .  he was jailed for failure to pay child suppor .
 china uses vietnamese textbook to back claim in oil rig dispute <sec> china sends documents to the united nations backing claim to paracel islands .  vietnam also claims the region and is angry about alleged incursion into its territory .  tensions flared after china sent an oil rig into disputed waters .  both sides have accused the other of ramming their ship .
 google unveils upgraded nexus 7 tablet <sec> google unveils new tablet , version of android .  the new nexus 7 is slimmer and faster for $ 229 .  android jelly bean 4.3 adds parental controls , profiles , games center .  first nexus 7s available july 3 .
 u.s. official : bin laden communicated with yemen-based terror group <sec> the materials were taken in the may 2 raid on bin laden 's compound in pakistan .  they confirm the al qaeda leader communicated with an affiliate group in yemen .  bin laden was involved in planning attacks , the materials sho .
 paramedic : jett travolta dead before ambulance called <sec> paramedic on trial , accused of plotting to extort $ 25 million from john travolta .  tarino lightbourn testifies jett travolta had been dead before help was summoned .  in bahamas , defendants can make statement without being under oath .  travolta 's son died on grand bahama island on january 2 after a seizur .
 vehicle hits kansas city day care ; 3 kids , 1 adult hurt <sec> new : officials believed that all children have been accounted for .  3 children , 1 adult have serious but non-life-threatening injuries , official says .  police : rear-ended vehicle smashed into daycare center in kansas city , missour .
 opinion : take the cia out of the loop on torture report <sec> christopher anders worries that cia is trying to slip one past senate and american people .  a controversial report on torture should be declassified , he argues .  on thursday , the senate intelligence committee approved release of the report .  anders says president obama needs to rein in the troubled agenc .
 breathing support ended for pregnant patient in ireland <sec> doctors in ireland remove breathing support from a pregnant woman .  she had been declared clinically dead december 3 after a brain injury .  doctors kept her breathing over concern for the rights of the unborn under irish la .
 q & a : how did woman being monitored for ebola fly ? <sec> new : cdc official : those being monitored for ebola may be put on `` no-board '' list .  vinson flew commercially in the time she was supposed to be self-monitoring for ebola .  dallas health care worker called cdc about temperature , was n't told not to fly , official says .  cdc chief says that vinson should n't have flown commercially , used `` public transport .
 pope preaches in public after breaking wrist <sec> pope preaches and greeted well-wishers , three days after breaking his wrist .  benedict xvi had surgery on his right wrist after he fell thursday night .  most painful aspect for pope is having to stop writing by hand , spokesman say .
 oklahoma fires destroy homes <sec> new : authorities in oklahoma county are searching for a possible arson suspect .  at least six fires are burning in oklahoma .  the largest is in cleveland county , south of oklahoma city .  a red flag warning is in effect for much of the stat .
 authorities : pilot of stolen plane captured after fleeing on foot <sec> new : fbi identifies pilot as adam leon of turkey , who is now a canadian citizen .  new : pilot , formerly known as yavuz berke , captured after landing plane , fleeing .  cessna aircraft was reported stolen from canadian flight school .  f-16 fighter jets intercepted plane , but pilot did n't respon .
 vote over , but election dysfunction remains <sec> nathaniel persily : with election over , it 's easy to forget voting snafus that plagued it .  obama alluded to needing to `` fix '' voting problems in his speech tuesday .  there 's no national system for elections , so confusion abounds , persily says .  persily : heroic poll workers struggle with changing rule .
 missing nebraska family surrenders ; parents held <sec> matthew and rowena schade , children , met with knox county sheriff monday .  both parents were on probation in different counties .  placement of kids , 11 and 8 , will be made after child welfare interviews .  search began after family disappeared after domestic abuse complain .
 mobile phones give artists new tools to create <sec> mobile phones are a newer tool for fine artists , some of whom use them exclusively .  photographer karen divine shoots all her award-winning work on her iphone .  mixed media artist david rams says phones give him the freedom to create on the fly .  last month the l.a . .  mobile arts festival showcased the work of more than 200 artist .
 more explosive barrels wash up on israeli beach <sec> various islamic groups issue a leaflet in gaza claiming responsibility for sending devices .  in response , the idf said , the israeli air force attacked `` two hamas terrorist targets '' in southern gaza .  hamas vowing retaliation against israel since one of founding members of its military wing died last week in duba .
 grand jury could rule friday in michael brown death <sec> st. louis police chief says his officers are ready for all scenarios .  grand jury weighs evidence to determine whether officer darren wilson will face charges .  wilson fatally shot michael brown in august , setting off protest .
 fbi still saying north korea behind sony hack <sec> reps with cybersecurity firm norse meet with fbi officials in st. louis .  norse : a laid-off sony employee is among several people linked to the cyberattack .  fbi says u.s. , foreign and private sector intel point to north kore .
 suicide bomber strikes in somalia <sec> the incident took place in the somali city of beledweyne .  soldiers were among the dead , an official said .  al-shabaab claimed responsibility for the attac .
 california mom : exhume daughter 's body <sec> mitrice richardson went missing after she left a los angeles county sheriff 's station .  eleven months later her remains were found in a remote mountain area .  her mother asks authorities to exhume her daughter 's remain .
 what have unions done for us ? <sec> donna brazile : unions have done much to improve the lives of most americans .  she says they do community service , help raise wages , improve working conditions .  brazile : union membership helps boost the living standard of the middle clas .
 yellowstone , grand teton park visitors warned of spike in sicknesses <sec> new : some commenters on yellowstone 's facebook are concerned ; others are thankful .  the national park service notes `` greater than normal reports of gastrointestinal illness '' .  they have occurred in yellowstone and grand teton national parks and other areas .  a group visiting mammoth hot springs showed symptoms this mont .
 bin laden tape is real , french say <sec> new : the message only `` confirms the terrorist threat , '' the foreign ministry says .  bin laden threatens france on the tape , which was broadcast wednesday .  he warns paris to get its troops out of afghanistan .  france must show `` contempt '' towards the threat , an opposition lawmaker say .
 how the nra wields its influence <sec> in the 1990s , the nra actively quashed a federal program to research firearms safety .  the nra says it opposes publicly funded research that could result in gun control .  the gun control debate has been reignited after the newtown school shooting .  this week , the nra will attend vice president joe biden 's task force meetings on gun contro .
 diana nyad 's cuba to florida swim breaks one record <sec> diana nyad is `` feeling strong ... joking for the first time all day , '' says her handler .  she hopes to swim the 103 miles from havana to the florida keys .  it 's her fifth attempt in 35 years and will be her last , she says .  if she 's successful , she 'll be the first person to do so without a shark cage , flippers or wet sui .
 suspect in police killing turns himself in after hostage standoff <sec> new : jamie donnell hood is held without bond .  suspect asks to be arrested on tv .  shirtless suspect turns himself in after allegedly holding eight hostage .  he is wanted in connection with tuesday 's slaying of a georgia police office .
 indonesian volcano erupts , killing 3 and grounding flights <sec> new : deaths caused by smoke inhalation and collapsing wall .  flights at area airports are canceled because of the ash .  indonesian government raises its eruption alert to its highest level .  mount kelud last erupted in 2007 ; a 1990 eruption was deadl .
 somali militant group bans 3 international aid groups <sec> al-shabaab has ordered three aid groups to cease operations in somalia .  the islamist militant group is accusing the groups of spreading christianity .  the groups say they are motivated by faith , but do n't proselytiz .
 sloane stephens scuppers maria sharapova 's return <sec> maria sharapova loses to sloane stephens on her return from a hip injury .  sharapova had not played since crashing out in the second round at wimbledon .  stephens beats a player ranked inside the top three for the second time in her career .  roger federer and david ferrer advance to the third round in cincinnat .
 priest : playboy cover resembling mary 'desperate , ' 'blasphemous ' <sec> model maría florencia onori featured on cover above caption , `` we adore you , mary '' .  december plays host to several religious holidays honoring virgin mary .  priest : `` it 's totally offensive to a billion catholics in the world '' .  playboy says cover was never meant to portray any religious figur .
 plane crash in kenya kills 4 <sec> two kenyans and two germans were killed in the crash .  four u.s. citizens also were on board , the u.s. state department says .  the state department did not release further detail .
 study : using facebook can make you sad <sec> study : the more people check facebook , the worse they feel about their lives .  researchers at university of michigan queried 82 young adults .  authors of study say people may compare their lives to friends ' and feel inferior .  study is not the first to find negative effects of frequent facebook us .
 obama calls for political will to deal with economic challenges <sec> new : at a democratic fund-raiser , obama says he inherited economic woes .  new : `` it 's not rocket science '' .  house majority leader cantor says there will be pressure to compromise on tax hikes .  the dow plunges 634 point .
 faa : glitch fixed after causing flight delays <sec> new : air traffic controllers ' group says problem will cause delays throughout day .  new : faa says officials working to pinpoint cause of computer system glitch .  `` i 'm frustrated . .  i have to be somewhere , '' delayed passenger says .  air safety not compromised , faa say .
 parts of karachi shut down following arrest of party leader <sec> trade officials says `` elements ... are forcing people to shut down their businesses '' .  this comes days after the arrest of mutahida qaumi movement leader altaf hussain .  hussain 's party condemns the shutdowns and `` aerial firing '' in karachi , hyderabad .  hussain is in a hospital in london , where he was arrested ; a pakistani official visits hi .
 kansas city police investigating 13 reports of cars shot on roads <sec> police think the spate of shootings began in early march .  three motorists have been shot , but none seriously wounded .  some drivers tell cnn affiliate they are staying off the main road .
 'missing ' pussy riot inmate tolokonnikova in siberian prison <sec> nadezhda tolokonnikova was jailed in russia last year for her part in a `` punk prayer '' .  in september , the pussy riot band member went on hunger strike over prison conditions .  in october , she was transferred and her family was not informed of her new location .  her husband said friday that he had spoken to her at a siberian prison where she is now hel .
 to save middle class , create good jobs <sec> america 's exploding economic inequality threatens middle class , says paul osterman .  a lack of job quality contributes to growing inequality , he says .  osterman says that 20 % of u.s. adults work in jobs that pay poverty wages .  until we focus on job quality , we can not expect any significant progress , he say .
 'the walking dead ' : a tragic midseason finale <sec> `` the walking dead '' aired its midseason finale sunday .  it was intense and tragic .  one beloved character was kille .
 natalia vodianova : supermodel supernova <sec> russian supermodel natalia vodianova grew up in a poor neighborhood .  her charity , the `` naked heart foundation , '' builds playgrounds in russia .  she is married to english aristocrat justin portman and has three children .  vodianova now fronts campaigns for calvin klein and david yurman jewelr .
 megaupload founder denied bail <sec> kim dotcom to remain in custody at least until february 22 .  u.s. authorities shut down megaupload last week .  they accuse the website of pirating copyrighted works .  dotcom 's lawyer says he is innocen .
 five arrested in tiananmen square incident , deemed a terrorist attack <sec> new : five people detained in connection with deadly crash , police say .  china censors images of jeep that plowed into tiananmen square , killing 5 .  uyghur diaspora group says it 's too early to assign blam .
 gunmen kill 23 at nigeria market <sec> new : gunfire kills 23 , wounds 17 at a northern nigeria marketplace .  new : authorities believe a criminal gang was behind the attack .  the victims had left a nearby mosque after morning prayer .
 the politics of the oscars ' foreign language film award <sec> academy rules mean each country can only submit one film .  france dismissed `` la vie en rose '' and `` the diving bell and the butterfly '' .  its choice , `` persepolis , '' failed to make the oscars shortlist .  taiwan 's choice , ang lee 's `` lust , caution , '' was also blocked by the academ .
 a year later , amazon 's kindle finds a niche <sec> amazon.com 's electronic kindle reader celebrates its first birthday .  device holds about 200 digital books and can reduce bookshelf clutter .  sales have been steady , but the device so far remains mostly a tech novelty .  oprah winfrey has praised it , but j.k. rowling vows no e-versions of `` harry potter .
 bahamas deny u.s. to claim historic gold in 4x400 final <sec> bahamas win 4x400m relay , beating team usa to gold .  usa 's women smash 27-year-old world record in 4x100m final .  france 's renaud lavillenie takes gold in men 's pole vault final with an olympic record of 5.97 .
 nfl , curb goodell 's control over discipline ( opinion ) <sec> ray rice case and others raise questions about nfl player discipline .  martha pease : the nfl puts too much power in the hands of its commissioner .  she says league would be better served by having other staff make these calls .  pease : nfl should look to the way major corporations handle employee wrongdoin .
 as ramadan begins , controversial mosque wo n't be ready to open doors <sec> new : imam says mosque has done nothing wrong .  mosque faces at least 10 days of more work before it can get an occupancy permit .  residents say the controversy has divided the community .  a fierce debate over expanding the mosque began in 201 .
 what ryan 's marathon 'oops ' tells us <sec> jeff pearlman says one 's official marathon record is not something a runner takes lightly .  so paul ryan claiming to have run 26.2 miles in under three hours seemed amazing , he says .  his time was really 4:01 . .  ryan says he forgot ; pearlman says this is bogus and a ryan pattern .  pearlman : ryan getting known for distorting truth , even about his respectable marathon tim .
 hackers target australian festival showing uyghur film <sec> attacks occur on the opening day of the melbourne international film festival .  film organizers says it 's part of a `` concerted campaign '' to withdraw the film .  documentary examines the impact on the family of uyghur activist rebiya kadeer .  web attacks come weeks after unrest in part of china with a majority of uyghur .
 kurdish rebels claim responsibility for ambush on turkish convoy <sec> the kurdistan workers party , or pkk , claims responsibility .  one policeman was injured in the attack on the convoy of the prime minister .  prime minister erdogan was not in the convoy at the time of the attac .
 from antwerp to aleppo -- and back : europe 's nightmare <sec> at least 250 individuals are believed to have left belgium to wage jihad in iraq and syria .  analyst pieter van ostaeyen says would-be fighters help each other with travel advice through social media .  isis has made it clear it plans to send fighters to europe , once western forces are `` defeated .
 newtown shooting details revealed in newly released documents <sec> adam lanza fired roughly one bullet every two seconds , a local prosecutor says .  he brought 10 30-round capacity magazines for a semiautomatic rifle into the school .  more than 1,600 rounds of ammunition were found in the house where he killed his mother .  lanza fatally shot 20 children and six teachers at a connecticut school before killing himsel .
 darfur faces meningitis crisis , ousted aid worker says <sec> meningitis threatens hundreds of thousands of people in darfur .  more than a million at risk of starvation after aid agencies expelled , u.n. warns .  sources : aid workers harassed and detained by the sudanese governmen .
 bad weather prompts flight cancellations in chicago , denver <sec> new : there 's a four-plus hour delay at chicago 's o'hare airport ; 300 flights canceled .  the chicago area is hit with hail , strong winds and heavy rain .  400 flights are canceled in denver due to snow .  a blizzard warning is in effects for parts of central colorad .
 slain moncton constable had 3 kids , another had baby on way <sec> `` all these guys were family men , protectors ... great guys , '' victim 's kin tells newspaper .  constables id 'd : david joseph ross , douglas james larche , fabrice georges gevaudan .  justin bourque , 24 , was arrested , accused of killing 2 mounties , wounding 2 others .  cbc : ross was dog trainer married to rachael ross , who was pregnant with 2nd chil .
 global warming is epic , long-term study says <sec> if greenhouse gas emissions progress , earth will become hotter than ever in 90 years .  the temperature rise during man-made global warming has not happened before .  1900 - 1909 was one of the coldest decades in 11,300 years .  2000 - 2009 was one of the hottest decades in 11,300 year .
 indian sterilization clinics under scrutiny after doctor used bike pump on patients <sec> officials in odisha state launch probe after doctor used bicycle pump on patients .  the doctor used pump to inflate abdomens of women ahead of sterilization surgery .  conditions in india 's government-run sterilization clinics have been criticized .  last month , 12 women died in chhattisgarh state after undergoing the procedur .
 al qaeda targets houthi fighters in yemeni port city <sec> dual car bombs target houthi fighters in the yemeni city of hodiedah .  medics and a yemeni official say at least 9 houthi fighters were killed , and the toll may rise .  al qaeda claims responsibility ; it has stepped up attacks on minority houthis of lat .
 sepp blatter ready to go toe-to-toe with uefa <sec> sepp blatter could face his presidential rivals in vienna next month .  all four men set to be invited to speak at the uefa congress .  luis figo , michael van praag and prince ali keen on open debate .  uefa considers giving each candidate allotted time to speak at its congres .
 could conservatives love gingrich 's immigration plan ? <sec> newt gingrich 's immigration plan has been attacked as `` amnesty '' .  william bennett says the plan is nuanced and strict and deserves study .  he says it emphasizes border security and attracting skilled workers .  bennett : gingrich plan could be a breakthrough for conservative philosophy on immigratio .
