 health care debate headed to senate floor <sec> `` tonight 's historic vote brings us one step closer , '' white house press secretary says .  all 58 democrats , two independents clinch vote .  democrats rip into republicans as defenders of status quo .  gop decries `` massive monument to bureaucracy and spending .
 biden takes on voting rights issues at naacp convention <sec> biden focuses on voting rights .  president obama to be interviewed by cbs on thursday .  mitt romney spoke wednesday , drawing boos but also a standing ovation .  romney says the negative reaction is not a surpris .
 israeli high court oks nobel laureate 's deportation <sec> new : fellow nobel laureate jody williams defends mairead maguire .  israel objected to maguire 's participation in a gaza-bound flotilla .  maguire won the nobel peace prize in 1976 for her work in northern irelan .
 occupy london loses eviction fight <sec> last month , the high court ruled in favor of the group that wanted to evict .  the occupy london group then filed an appeal .  the three judges of the court refused them the permission to appea .
 gunmen open fire in kenyan coastal town , set fire to hotels <sec> new : a world cup viewing party turned into a bloodbath , eyewitnesses say .  the red cross says the death toll is 48 .  the kenyan national disaster operation centre blames the attacks on al-shabaab .  explosions in nairobi last month killed at least 10 peopl .
 french , malians seize town from islamists <sec> insurgents are pushed out of konna , which they captured last week .  france is seeking help from its regional allies and the international community .  the european union , canada , britain and nigeria are among those assisting .  unesco wants protection of mali 's historic site .
 new leader of the gop : rand paul <sec> mo elleithee says the week highlighted split in the gop .  he says rand paul is getting his message out better than rubio , ryan , cantor .  for gop , danger is that he paul could push 2016 further to the right , he says .  elleithee : paul combined old tool of filibuster with new media to make his poin .
 juventus cruises , valencia rallies to reach europa league semifinals <sec> juventus completes a two-leg victory over lyon in the europa league quarterfinals .  it 's juventus ' first european semifinal since 2003 in the champions league .  valencia makes history as it rallies to overcome basel 5-3 on aggregate .  sevilla and 2013 finalist benfica also advance to the last four in the competitio .
 60,000 milestone passed in migrant minors crisis <sec> internal dhs figures : current count for fiscal year ending in october is over 62,000 .  administration 's new estimate : some 90,000 unaccompanied minors by year 's end .  just over 38,000 undocumented minors came to u.s. in past two fiscal years combine .
 obama signs bill putting tobacco products under fda oversight <sec> law gives fda power to ban candy-flavored and fruit-flavored cigarettes .  also prohibits companies from using terms such as `` low tar , '' `` light '' or `` mild '' .  400,000+ americans die from tobacco-related illnesses each year , obama note .
 japan 's 007 island still carries scars of wartime past <sec> hashima , on japan 's west coast , opened its first coal mine in 1887 .  mitsubishi turned it into a mining facility housing workers and their families .  island also the inspiration for the villain 's home in the latest 007 movie `` skyfall '' .  but the island , now derelict , has a darker history relating to slave labor during wwi .
 bank of england jobless target could damage economy , say experts <sec> uk unemployment rate remains at 7.8 % , fell by just 4,000 jobs in the three months to june .  newly-minted bank of england governor mark carney said rates will remain on hold at 0.5 % .  in march , uk finance minister george osborne gave the bank of england new powers to focus on uk growth .  the bank of england has already rolled out a â£375 billion bond-buying program , known as quantitative easin .
 crews gain against southern california wildfire <sec> sheep fire is about 7,500 acres with 20 percent containment , forest service says .  about 4,000 people in san bernardino county forced from their homes .  despite more cooperative weather , people not let back into homes ye .
 father knew he 'd find the 3 students dead in nc condo <sec> the fbi has opened a preliminary inquiry into the shooting , an official says .  mohammad abu-salha received a call from the frantic mother of his son-in-law .  he says he thinks the killing was a hate crime , but alleged shooter 's estranged wife disagree .
 charges added for hospital worker in hepatitis case <sec> denver , colorado , hospital worker accused of exposing patients to hepatitis c .  19 former patients test positive for hepatitis c , which affects the liver .  kristen diane parker accused of using syringes filled with pain medication fentanyl .  police say she refilled syringes meant for patients with saline solutio .
 plane crashes at florida air force base , killing two <sec> civilian plane crashed at eglin air force base .  the accident killed pilot and passenger .  the plane belonged to a local flying club , an faa spokeswoman sai .
 dollywood partnering in new nashville theme park <sec> dollywood , gaylord entertainment launching new theme park in nashville .  phase i will be a water and snow park for `` family entertainment , '' parton tells cnn .  the project will create 450 full- and part-time jobs , parton say .
 france milks cheese for all its worth <sec> milk industry is booming in france , now has larger turnover than steel industry .  dairy industry worth $ 6 billion , french eat 24 kilos of dairy per person a year .  cheesemaker : cheese is gastronomic emblem of france .  last cheese census found around 1,000 different kinds of cheeses in franc .
 google is testing cars that drive themselves <sec> google has developed cars that drive themselves automatically in traffic .  only one accident has occurred during testing so far and it was human error .  google believes that technology could half the number of automobile-related deaths .  optimistic projections put this technology at least eight years away from marke .
 prince : zsa zsa gabor 's recovery is 'up and down ' <sec> gabor 's husband says actress ' condition is `` critical '' .  her daughter reports a more optimistic `` guarded '' condition .  the glamour icon underwent hip replacement surgery july 19 .  gabor fell while answering a phon .
 malala , others on front lines in fight for women <sec> gayle lemmon : taliban failed to stop education advocate malala yousafzai by shooting her .  lemmon : similar attacks on other women and girls trying to reach their goals were fatal .  attacks are efforts to stamp out women 's progress , rights and potential , she says .  she says potential of half the population will not be realized if violence is tolerate .
 the elusive black seadevil is finally ready for its closeup <sec> monterey bay aquarium research institute captures female anglerfish on video .  institute believes no images of the black seadevil have been captured before now .  the black seadevil fish might look familiar to anyone who has seen `` finding nemo .
 five things we learned from the benghazi hearings - cnnpolitics.com <sec> hillary clinton testifies for more than five hours before two congressional committees .  clinton , at one point , grew exasperated with line of questioning over benghazi response .  some republican lawmakers say they are not satisfied with clinton 's answers .  four americans killed in september 11 attack , including u.s. ambassador to liby .
 arrest leads to seizure of almost a ton of marijuana <sec> nearly 1-ton haul largest in recent memory , boston authorities say .  police found 40 bales in apartment .  man charged also being held on immigration violation .  seizure stemmed from unrelated searc .
 paris hotels experiment with 'honesty rates ' <sec> five hotels in paris have signed up to the pay-what-you-want scheme during peak summer months .  hotelier aldric duval says the plan is to create a `` trust contract '' between client and hotel .  he says guests could pay one euro for a hotel room but believes most will `` play true .
 cnn student news transcript - november 16 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 cancer patient turns craft into business <sec> kelsey trusty started braiding scarves out of t-shirts during hospital stay .  after posting a picture of a scarf on facebook , she was flooded with requests .  profits from scarves help trusty pay for out-of-pocket expenses related to treatment .  `` no one ever expects to be paying for a wedding and chemotherapy , '' she say .
 the movie funded by 3,000 football fans <sec> new film about one of borussia dortmund 's founders , franz jacobi , set for release .  film was funded by 3,000 dortmund fans and sponsors , raising $ 265,000 .  jacobi helped form the football club in 1909 along with 17 other .
 toyota cleared in wrongful death lawsuit by california jury <sec> jury returns verdict after more than four days of deliberation .  noriko uno was killed in a 2009 crash .  her family sued toyota , claiming her camry suffered an unintended acceleration .  toyota says the verdict reaffirms its findings that its vehicles are saf .
 travels , travails of ebola patient thomas eric duncan <sec> united airlines is reaching out to passengers on flights with the patient .  thomas eric duncan , 42 , is the first person diagnosed with ebola in the united states .  duncan had a fever , was vomiting when he went to a hospital ; he was sent home .  liberian man was admitted to the same dallas hospital , isolated days late .
 navarrette : clarence thomas is right about northern liberals <sec> clarence thomas said america may be too sensitive about race today .  ruben navarrette says thomas displays courage and common sense .  he says the justice is right in saying northern liberal elites are less tolerant of differing views .  navarrette : those on the left do n't view conservatives of color as legitimat .
 is there anything wrong with a little pork barrel spending ? <sec> sen. harry reid spoke out in favor of earmarks , disagreeing with president obama .  julian zelizer says reid is right ; there are benefits from dispensing political pork .  he says presidents can gain leverage with congress if they permit earmarks .  zelizer : earmarks enable members of congress to respond to local need .
 make extra money in your free time <sec> you do n't have to get a second job to make extra money in spare time .  sell the stuff in your home that you no longer use -- try ebay or craigslist .  sign up to be a focus group participant or become a dog sitter .  set up your own blog and use an advertising servic .
 'diana , the hunter ' e-mails claim bus driver killings in mexico <sec> two ciudad juarez bus drivers were slain last month by an unidentified woman .  shooter reportedly sent e-mails saying the killings were to avenge women raped by drivers .  some drivers , fearful of being shot , have not shown up for work .  commuter : `` of course we 're afraid . .  ... but we still have to get to our destination . .
 liverpool beaten at home by fulham in premier league <sec> fulham beat liverpool 1-0 for the first ever win at anfield .  everton draw 1-1 at stoke to move three points clear of liverpool .  villarreal edge closer to safety in spain with 3-2 win over sporting gijon .  roma 's champions league hopes suffer after 0-0 draw at chievo in serie .
 hotel apologizes for $ 500 bad-review fine <sec> a new york inn 's policy of imposing a fine for bad online reviews backfired .  union street guest house 's owner has apologized for the policy .  the owner called it a joke made in bad tast .
 photos : john and jackie kennedy 's wedding <sec> john and jackie kennedy married in rhode island on september 12 , 1953 .  life magazine sent photographer lisa larsen to cover the event .  it was one of the most high-profile american weddings of the 20th centur .
 murder suspect gunned down in california woods <sec> aaron bassler was wanted in two murders in august in mendocino county .  more than 40 law enforcement agents have been involved in the hunt for him .  he is shot dead by a team of sheriff officers patrolling remote forest area .  the suspect was not warned and did n't fire , but was considered `` dangerous .
 mexican journalists shot thursday may not have been intended targets <sec> 1 journalist killed , 1 wounded in juarez .  a human-rights activist may have been the target .  santiago is the ninth journalist killed this year in mexic .
 neville name is synonymous with new orleans sound <sec> art neville has performed at every new orleans jazz fest except for one .  at 71 , neville is still an avid piano player and talented musician .  `` new orleans is my home , good , bad , bittersweet , '' he says .  neville says red beans and rice is his favorite jazz fest dis .
 congress , help fight bullying <sec> robert casey : all children have a right to an education free from being bullied .  casey : i reintroduced bipartisan legislation to help prevent bullying and harassment .  he says lawmakers have a responsibility to ensure that our schools are safe .  casey : i urge my colleagues in congress to pass the safe schools improvement ac .
 it 's not baby fat : among 4-year-olds , nearly 1 in 5 is obese <sec> research : 18.4 percent of 4-year-olds in the united states are obese . .  native americans , hispanics , blacks at most risk ; whites and asians at lowest risk .  socioeconomic and lifestyle factors play a role in likelihood for obesit .
 what 's behind south africa 's mine violence ? <sec> more than 30 miners died after police opened fire on striking workers who were armed with machetes .  rivalry between the amcu and the num is widely blamed for feeding the violence .  the two implicated unions denied instigating the clashes , and are blaming others for the violence .  president jacob zuma , of the country 's ruling african national congress , has announced an inquiry into the violenc .
 justice department suspends most poll watching <sec> justice department lawyers say they have no legal authority to unilaterally assign poll observers .  last year , a supreme court ruling invalidated key sections of the voting rights act .  department wo n't put observers in polling stations , except in nine jurisdictions in seven states .  it may still send monitors who keep an eye outside polling precinct .
 couple did n't crash white house dinner , husband says <sec> new : couple was asked to leave congressional black caucus fundraiser , group says .  couple was allowed into white house state dinner for indian prime minister .  couple met with president obama , vice president joe biden .  secret service says couple was able to get past checkpoin .
 researchers may have found king solomon 's mines <sec> desert site in jordan may contain the ruins of the fabled king solomon 's mines .  king solomon is known in the old testament for his wisdom and wealth .  findings reported in the journal , proceedings of the national academy of science .
 hurdle removed for government spending , isis bill vote <sec> house votes on measure to fund u.s. government and arm syrian rebels .  club for growth announced it will not hold lawmakers accountable for their vote .  conservative group 's decision removes pressure on lawmakers concerned about spendin .
 arrested men attended protests organized by radical islamic group <sec> mahmood alessa and carlos eduardo almonte spotted at earlier rally .  men appear to be followers of al qaeda-supporting islamic thinkers society .  `` our struggle is always intellectual & political non-violent means , '' group says .  suspects in several other terror-related cases also have ties to grou .
 g.i . joe ' wins easter weekend with a muscular $ 41.2m <sec> 'g.i . .  joe ' pulled in $ 41.2 million over three days .  tyler perry 's `` temptation '' did not do as well as his former films .  `` the host '' disappointed with $ 11 millio .
 climate changing 'faster , stronger , sooner ' <sec> world wildlife fund report says climate change is happening faster than predicted .  dr tina tin : `` arctic sea ice melting much faster than everybody had been expecting '' .  ipcc vice chair : `` climate change is already having a greater impact than predicted .
 budget-cut layoffs deal a blow to investigations of gun-related crimes <sec> 98 contract employees have been laid off from the national tracing center .  the center traces guns used in crimes .  tracing guns `` as quickly as possible is a critical need , '' a former atf official say .
 emmy viewership rises <sec> sunday 's emmys attracted a slightly larger audience than last year .  abc 's telecast delivered 13.2 million viewers , up 6 percent from the 2011 telecast on fox .  ratings for adults 18-49 declined by 10 percen .
 stolen passports raise possibility of terrorism in missing flight <sec> new : the ntsb is sending a team to asia to be `` positioned to offer u.s. assistance '' .  sources say 1 of 2 stolen passports used on flight was on law enforcement database .  malaysian authorities did not check passports on interpol database , sources say .  the stolen passports raise concerns about the possibility of terroris .
 ex-rutgers student dharun ravi appears in court , one day before jail term <sec> new : ravi 's court appearance formalized his decision to head to jail thursday .  new : he waived his right not to serve jail time twice for the same crime , as prosecutors appeal .  new : attorney said ravi intends to begin community service after he serves his sentence .  new : the former rutgers student is expected to start paying his fines in augus .
 from sinatra to aretha , the role of music in the inauguration <sec> popular music has been part of the presidential inauguration for decades .  john f. kennedy asked frank sinatra to produce his inaugural celebration in 1961 .  beyonce , james taylor and others will perform this year at monday 's ceremon .
 state media : north korea in 'state of war ' with south korea <sec> new : south korea does n't consider latest threat `` new , '' its unification ministry says .  north korea threatens `` all-out war and nuclear war '' on its enemies , state news reports .  `` we will first target and dissolve '' the mainland u.s. , hawaii and guam , the report adds .  pyongyang has been defiant in the face of efforts to halt its nuclear progra .
 derek miller on sleigh bells ' new album , 'snl ' and touring <sec> sleigh bells has released their second album , `` reign of terror '' .  `` comeback kid '' is the lead single and last song that made it to `` reign of terror '' .  derek miller spoke to cnn about the album and going on tou .
 mass death sentence : will egypt carry it out ? <sec> on march 24 , an egyptian court sentenced 529 people to death over violence in the city of minya .  last august , a policeman was murdered in riots after a crackdown on pro-morsy sit-ins .  the sentences need to be approved by egypt 's grand mufti and can be appealed .  the length of the trial and severity of the sentences have sparked criticis .
 court : killer 's crime more cruel than punishment <sec> florida killer says 32 years on death row is cruel and unusual punishment .  william thompson faces execution for 1976 torture killing .  justice clarence thomas cites details of brutal crime .  court rejects thompson 's appea .
 afghan cleric defends controversial marriage law <sec> mohammed asif mohseni is said to be man behind shia state law .  critics say the law strips afghan shia women of rights .  mohseni : `` law ... which i created i see as correct for both men and women '' .  afghan human rights campaigner says law does not represent isla .
 your favorite comic characters look very different <sec> superman , wonder woman and archie all debuted new looks thursday .  three of the most well-known comic book characters of all time look radically differen .
 albania to india : give us mother teresa <sec> mother teresa lived , worked mostly in kolkata but was ethnically albanian .  albania wants her body repatriated in time for 100th anniversary of birth in 2010 .  mother teresa currently buried in missionaries of charity compound in kolkata .  mother teresa , who died in 1997 , beatified in 2003 ; could be canonized next yea .
 butter wrapper protesters defend paula deen <sec> fans are sending butter stick wrappers to food network and other companies that have dropped paula deen . .  the facebook page , `` we support paula deen '' has more than 600,000 followers . .  fans are decorating butter wrappers and getting creative with boycott letters . .  fans say they support deen and believe she should be forgiven for her mistakes .
 blame hamas for israel 's actions ( opinion ) <sec> abraham foxman : the world is outraged when israel is forced to defend itself from terrorism .  at global protests , he says , anti-semitism is thinly veiled as criticism of israel .  foxman : we must remember hamas intentionally started this conflict .  foxman : hamas spent millions on tunnels to attack israel rather than helping gazan .
