 tiger woods not one of golf 's top 50 players for first time in 15 years <sec> woods entered this weekend as golf 's 50th best player .  a strong performance by louis oosthuizen led to woods ' drop in rankings .  the last time woods was not in the top 50 was in october 199 .
 witnesses describe horror of terror attack on mumbai <sec> witnesses speak of their horror at being caught in mumbai terror attacks .  hotel guests describe how they saw people shot in front of them , fled for their lives .  witness at taj : `` they came in with all guns blazing . .  it was just chaos '' .  diner : `` my colleague saw someone get shot just outside of the glass doors .
 mourinho v zlatan : the egos have landed <sec> chelsea meets paris saint-germain in the champions league last 16 on tuesday .  battle of the egos between chelsea boss jose mourinho and psg striker zlatan ibrahimovic .  chelsea are seven points clear in the english premier league while psg currently sit third in france .  both have wealthy backers in roman abramovich ( chelsea ) and qatar sports investment .
 gunmen kill 1 protester , injure 3 in thailand anti-government protest <sec> unidentified gunmen fired upon demonstrators .  prime minister yingluck shinawatra has called for february 2 elections .  the national election commission had called for a delay , citing the violenc .
 jane goodall : animal activist <sec> world renowned british primatologist is a tireless conservationist .  worked over five decades in africa studying apes and educating others .  her roots and shoots movement is set on educating next generatio .
 messi moves closer to 50-goal milestone <sec> lionel messi scores his 49th goal this season as barcelona come from behind to beat sevilla .  victory puts catalan side 12 points clear of atletico madrid , who play espanyol on sunday .  real madrid also win 2-1 ahead of this week 's two clasico matches against spanish rivals .  kaka equalizes against deportivo and helps ronaldo set up higuain 's late winne .
 comet lovejoy brightens over u.s . <sec> bright comet now visible in northern hemisphere .  comet lovejoy can be seen with binocular .
 maiden world cup crown for japan 's women <sec> japan beat u.s. 3-1 in penalty shootout after women 's world cup final ends in 2-2 draw .  americans , seeking record third title , miss first three spot-kicks in frankfurt .  japan become first asian team to win tournament , having never won asian title .  u.s. concede equalizers at the end of regulation and extra-time period .
 southern sudan unveils plans to build animal-shaped cities <sec> the $ 10.1 billion project aims to re-create 10 state capitals .  proposal for one of the most poorest places on earth raises eyebrows .  critics think south sudan 's expected oil bonanza could be getting to its hea .
 family ties : candidates ' ancestry makes for strange bedfellows <sec> new england historic genealogical society studies candidates ' ancestry .  hillary clinton is related to angelina jolie , jack kerouac and madonna .  barack obama is related to brad pitt ; john mccain shares a link to laura bus .
 overnight attack silences independent tv station in kurdistan <sec> armed attackers damage equipment , burn down the building .  one guard is wounded in the attack in northern iraq 's kurdistan region .  protests continue over the security force response to demonstrations .  government and opposition leaders are scheduled to meet monday for talk .
 black church : a mix of faith , entertainment <sec> josef sorett : there is a belief that faith and popular culture are diametrically opposed .  black churches have always been places to be entertained , moved by the spirit , he says .  music legends , contemporary artists got their start in the churc .
 img and bernard tomic end partnership <sec> management agency img and bernard tomic mutually end their partnership .  img in a tweet wishes tomic 'great success on and off the tennis court ' .  the australian has struggled both on and off the court in the last year .  this week he won back-to-back matches for the first time since januar .
 was mitt romney right about detroit and russia ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> during the 2012 race , mitt romney was criticized for calling russia the united states ' top `` geopolitical foe '' .  romney was also haunted by an op-ed about the auto industry entitled `` let detroit go bankrupt '' .  now , russia has granted temporary asylum to nsa leaker edward snowden and the city of detroit is bankrupt .  but romney was also hurt in his 2012 white house bid by other controversies like his `` 47 percent '' comment .
 rio+20 summit opens with promises , criticisms <sec> more than 50,000 delegates are expected in rio de janeiro for the rio+20 summit .  the conference is aimed at promoting economic growth and poverty reduction .  preserving the planet 's resources also a main topic of discussion .  the u.s. delegation is headed by secretary of state hillary clinto .
 strauss-kahn back in france after sex assault charges dismissed <sec> new : the former international monetary fund chief arrives at his apartment .  his homecoming marks the end of four-month court struggle .  a judge dismissed sexual assault charges against him .  a new york hotel maid had accused him of assaulting he .
 documentary film maker : fighting in afghanistan like being 'on mars ' <sec> author and film maker sebastian junger documented existence of army platoon in afghanistan .  platoon was assigned to one of the military 's most dangerous outposts , restrepo .  junger 's new feature-length documentary is `` restrepo .
 paul ryan 's dangerous vision <sec> donna brazile : romney 's pick of ryan running mate an embrace of ryan 's radical budget plan .  she says it 's bad news for middle class ; plan would hurt seniors , poor , help rich on taxes .  she says even catholics object to cuts ; ticket 's lack of national security experience dangerous .  brazile : romney has shown his vision continues reckless , failed economic theories of the pas .
 motorcyclist 's uncle tells rescuers , 'you are heroes ' <sec> `` we are just human beings trying to help , another human being , '' bystander said .  tyler riggs said his nephew is in good spirits .  bystanders rescued brandon wright , who was trapped under a burning car .  the group is credited with saving his lif .
 tim howard wants to end career at everton <sec> tim howard intends on ending his club career at everton .  but he is looking forward to returning to the u.s. national team .  howard still keeps in touch with former everton boss david moyes .  moyes was axed by man united in a move that was almost inevitable , said howar .
 vitamin d supplements no help for colds , flu <sec> vitamin d is thought to play a key role in immune function .  but a new study shows it 's ineffective in warding off colds , flu and sinus infections .  the study is the first to measure effects of supplements in adults with healthy vitamin d level .
 ted cruz going on obamacare - cnnpolitics.com <sec> after interview , cruz spokesperson says senator wo n't take government contribution to purchase obamacar .
 syrian opposition activists : army helicopter drops bombs in aleppo <sec> barrel bombs are drums packed with explosives and shrapnel .  they can level entire buildings with one hit .  days earlier , u.s. officials accused syria of using chlorine gas in a deadly attac .
 california sex offender pleads guilty to killing 2 teens <sec> john albert gardner iii admits to raping , murdering chelsea king , amber dubois .  plea deal sparing gardner the death penalty also includes attack on jogger in december .  without plea , not enough evidence to charge gardner in dubois ' death , prosecutor says .  chelsea king 's dad says he wanted to avoid agony of trial , bring closure to dubois famil .
 can china breathe life into 'ghost towns ' ? <sec> zhengzhou is home to what was once called china 's largest ghost city .  visitors are now slowing coming back , though many ca n't afford to live there .  tighter government controls on housing market has failed to curb price climbs .  government is building millions of low-cost housing to meet deman .
 brazilian accused in nun 's murder arrested <sec> prosecutor : galvao 's recent presence at murder site adds to evidence against him .  galvao was arrested friday on charges of land fraud and slavery .  he already faces a conspiracy to murder charge in connection with nun 's death .  galvao has denied illegally obtaining land and being involved in stang 's murde .
 pentagon warns former seal about bin laden book <sec> new : the pentagon threatens legal action against the author .  new : it says matt bissonnette has violated secrecy agreements he signed .  bissonnette says he was one of the seals who finished off bin laden .  bissonnette was a chief petty officer when he left the nav .
 how musicians are raising money for japan relief <sec> musicians are performing benefit shows to raise money .  others are selling t-shirts , bracelets posters , and sneakers .  proceeds go to help japan relie .
 beyond nuclear : do n't embrace nuclear power to stop climate change <sec> authors : there is n't time to choose nuclear power as a way to stop climate change .  wall street rejects nuclear power plants for being costly and time consuming , say authors .  beyond nuclear 's linda gunter and kevin kamps say advanced nuclear technology is risk .
 richard iii 's dna decoded : king in car park 's genome to be sequenced <sec> scientists announce plans to sequence the entire genome of king richard iii .  monarch 's remains were found buried beneath a parking lot in english city of leicester in 2011 .  tests may reveal richard iii 's eye and hair color , and predisposition to certain diseases .  genome sequencing to be carried out before skeleton and samples are controversially reburie .
 after tragedy , brain needs to heal <sec> deepak chopra : we delay healing when we obsess over details of a tragedy .  chopra : trauma disrupts the balance of the brain and it needs time to come back .  after shock , powerful emotions rise that the brain has difficulty dealing with , he says .  chopra : you need to resist negative images , seek companionship , speak gentl .
 pakistan taliban extend cease-fire , demand prisoner release <sec> tehrik-e-taliban pakistan 's cease-fire with pakistani government extended to april 10 .  cease-fire was agreed upon on march 1 .  militant group is demanding release of noncombatants .  pakistani government officials met with taliban this week to promote peac .
 as campaign heats up , michelle obama settles into first lady role <sec> michelle obama is viewed as an asset to her husband 's re-election campaign .  she 's advocate for military families and promoter of healthy lifestyle , especially for kids .  still , negative images in the media have dogged the first lady .  she responds to those who have called her an `` angry black woman .
 q & a ; with 'homeland ' creator alex gansa <sec> `` homeland '' creator talks about the writing process .  he said sometimes spoiler rumors are correct , but more often not .  new season will return in september 201 .
 an open letter from a fellow game show loser <sec> cnn 's james dinan lost epically on `` who wants to be a millionaire '' .  dinan identifies with thomas hurley iii , whose jeopardy ! .  misspelling went viral .  dinan encourages hurley to think of the positive aspects of his performance .  in an open letter , dinan says he got mostly praise after his appearanc .
 abortion : a polarizing , emotional debate 41 years after court ruling <sec> this week is the 41st anniversary of the landmark roe v. wade supreme court decision .  the abortion issue is just as contentious as it was in 1973 .  the pope tweeted his sentiments as thousands of pro-life marchers rallied in washington .  abortion remains a hot-button political issue at the federal and state level .
 commentary : are eight babies more than enough ? <sec> thomas murray : the case of the birth of octuplets in california raises questions .  he says doctors typically cater to the wishes of their patients , the parents .  in ivf cases , the doctors also have responsibility for children 's welfare , he says .  he says doctors should n't use a loophole to evade their responsibilit .
 myanmar : an aid worker 's diary <sec> clean water is a lifeline for people living in mozala camp in sittwe .  camps separate ethnic rakhine and muslim communities because of the violence .  the red cross has built toilets and wells to respond to health , sanitation challenges .  need for drinking water , food , shelter and medical care are eviden .
 youtube wants your 15 minutes of fame <sec> youtube announced that it has increased its upload limit from 10 minutes to 15 .  the site explains that it 's been beefing up its copyright protection tools .  youtube is launching a contest of sorts called `` 15 minutes of fame .
 in rural africa , soccer lovers craft joy <sec> in rural africa , there is love for soccer but sometimes a lack of resources .  children often make their own soccer balls from rubbish and rope .  diy soccer can bring joy to an entire village , said photographer jessica hilltou .
 team arrives to rid syria of chemical weapons <sec> new : syria will never give up its chemical stockpile , a defected general says .  inspectors focused on planning to destroy chemical weapons facilities .  u.n. security council voted to require syria to eliminate arsena .
 scientist : holographic television to become reality <sec> researchers have created the first rewritable and erasable holographic images .  holographic televisions could come out of the wall or up from a table .  the 3-d hologram technology could have uses in surgery or in the militar .
 airplane bomb suspect indicted <sec> umar farouk abdulmutallab charged with attempted use of weapon of mass destruction .  abdulmutallab also accused of attempted murder of other 289 people aboard u.s.-bound flight .  he faces life in prison if convicte .
 connecticut governor orders review of gun laws ; sandy hook resumes classes <sec> gov . .  dannel malloy forms commission to examine state 's guns laws , mental health policies .  panel has march deadline for report expected to be addressed in legislative session .  sandy hook students resume classes for first time since december 14 shootin .
 star wars-themed light show and other christmas magic <sec> these people go all out for christmas .  they love sharing the magic of the holiday with their friends and family .  which tradition is your favorite ? .  vote below .
 high court rules against anna nicole smith 's estate <sec> j. howard marshall left smith virtually nothing .  she had sued saying he had promised her $ 300 million .  smith died of a drug overdose in 200 .
 london 2012 delivers unexpected legacy <sec> london 2012 games have produced massive crowds , memorable action and a surprising legacy .  paralympics has inspired many people around the world to think differently about disabled sport .  newspapers in south africa , russia and the middle east praise games for changing perceptions of disabilit .
 12 face execution for deadly july attacks in china 's restive west <sec> gang wielding knives attacked civilians , a police station , government offices in xinjiang .  authorities called it an `` organized and premeditated '' terror attack .  the province has seen longstanding tensions between uyghur muslims and han population .  some uyghurs have complained of harsh treatment from chinese security force .
 opinion : why this progressive supports nuclear energy <sec> self-described liberal who 's active in progressive politics supports nuclear power .  pritzker : policymakers should make nuclear a robust part of u.s. energy plan .  both sides desperately need to open up more actual conversation .
 russian trawler sinks off kamchatka peninsula ; 54 dead <sec> fishing vessels are searching for 15 people still thought to be missing .  there were 132 people on board the ship , 78 of them russians , tass news agency says .  the rest were foreign nationals from myanmar , ukraine , lithuania and vanuatu , it say .
 opinion : gay rights , immigration reform on collision course <sec> immigration reform bill could be sunk by amendments from left and right , says ruben navarrette .  he says reform died in 2007 after a `` poison pill '' amendment by democratic senator .  ted cruz and patrick leahy have introduced amendments that could doom bill , he says .  navarrette : leahy amendment on gay couples will energize opponents of immigration refor .
 way beyond air bags : ntsb wants next generation safety devices on cars , trucks <sec> national transportation safety board urging collision avoidance devices in all cars .  luxury vehicles already may come with options for the next generation technology .  the board is urging the government to mandate the life-saving systems in vehicle .
 a father 's alcoholic descent <sec> in new book , cnn managing editor tells story of his family .  following parents ' separation , mark whitaker and his brother visited their father .  father was too ill to pick the boys up from the train station due to alcoholism .  visit was cut short when whitaker 's dad had to check into a hospital for treatmen .
 six killed in washington-area metro train collision <sec> one train was stationary when crash happened , metro official says .  76 people treated for injuries , fire chief says .  two metro trains collide north of downtown washington .  crash happened just before 5 p.m. on above-ground trac .
 rand paul : 'barnacled enablers ' push for constant war - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sen. rand paul called those pushing for arming syrians `` enablers '' of war .  paul has been embroiled in a bitter debate with sen. john mccain over foreign policy .  mccain pushed back against the criticism that moderate fighters do n't exist in syri .
 yemen begins debating constitutional reforms <sec> the reforms would increase parliamentary seats for women , cancel presidential term limits .  the u.s. has urged the country 's parliament to delay action on the measures .  opposition worries the reforms could allow the president to appoint himself for lif .
 defiant taliban accuse u.s. of crimes as americans mark 9/11 <sec> the taliban accuse the u.s. of `` shedding the blood of tens of thousands '' of afghans .  the terror attacks of september 11 are a murky pretext for the violence , they say .  the afghan people have the stamina to fight on , the taliban say .  u.s. and coalition forces have been battling the taliban for almost a decad .
 ribbit ! frog species found in new york city has a croak of its own <sec> new frog species discovered in new york city area .  it has a distinctive croak , scientists find .  leopard frog species does n't yet have a nam .
 clinton wins pennsylvania <sec> new : clinton : `` i won that double-digit victory that everybody on tv said i had to win '' .  clinton holds 10-point lead with about 99 percent of precincts reporting .  obama congratulates clinton , looks ahead to next contests .  158 delegates at stake in pennsylvani .
 play is verbatim d.c. sex scandals <sec> a play in new york stars rachel dratch and the dialogue is verbatim from political sex scandals .  dratch talked to cnn 's gloria borger about the rol .
 musician : syrian security raids family home <sec> the jandali family home is in homs .  the u.n. cites the targeting of families and sympathizers .  malek jandali 's parents are now in the united state .
 top officials were n't behind botched gun probe , democrats say <sec> new : issa threatens holder with contempt over gun probe .  a democratic report blames agents in arizona for fast and furious .  a top republican critic calls it `` a knee-jerk defense '' of washington allies .  the botched investigation allowed hundreds of guns to reach mexican drug gang .
 house debates abortion ban for sex of fetus <sec> house to vote on measure banning abortion based on sex preference .  doctors who perform such abortions could face up to five years in prison .  democrats call the bill an unneeded distraction from the economic debate .  two-thirds of house members need to back the bill for it to pas .
 from runway to road -- a male model indulges his motoring passion <sec> elo used to be a successful male model .  in 2001 he founded the london motor museum which today has over 200 cars .  elo also customizes cars for clients across the worl .
