 colorado police announce break in missing girl case <sec> new : police say a backpack they found belongs to jessica .  new : police say it 's a big break in the case .  a resident found the backpack with items with girl 's name on them .  the 10-year-old was last seen walking to school friday mornin .
 osmonds ' advice for justin bieber <sec> donny and marie osmond think many young entertainers today `` just jump into the business '' .  duo is inspired by legends like elvis presley , who took his job as an entertainer seriously .  marie osmond recently remarried her first husband after 29 years .  donny , meanwhile , calls his 33-year marriage `` the only thing that kept me sane .
 daredevil completes walk across niagara falls <sec> new : other daredevils have tried their luck , but farther downstream .  next on his to-do list ? .  the grand canyon .  wallenda had a near fall after stumbling on a tightrope above baltimore 's inner harbor .  his great-grandfather was killed at the age of 73 attempting to walk between two building .
 sudan 's second most powerful figure resigns in cabinet reshuffle <sec> first vice president ali osman taha resigns , state media reports .  president omar al-bashir said taha resigned `` voluntarily '' .  taha signs the historic 2005 peace deal and has stood by al-bashi .
 bp says tube successfully inserted back into gulf leak <sec> bp : `` in terms of containing the flow , this was a positive step forward '' .  government officials express caution over procedure 's effectiveness .  if technique succeeds , it will capture most of the oil gushing from well .  underwater dispersants appear to be working , official say .
 google kicks off student doodle contest <sec> google is giving student artists a chance to take over the google doodle .  artists must create alternative google logos that illustrate game-changing inventions .  the winners get $ 30,000 and a day with the doodle team at google headquarter .
 scott brown sends signals that he intends to run <sec> the special election for florida 's 13th district is tuesday and the gop predicts defeat .  republicans at cpac had little to say to women , minority and young voters .  chris christie is to focus on his anti-abortion message .  christie and bobby jindal have little to say to each othe .
 atheist sues over new jersey license plate refusal <sec> shannon morgan requested a vanity license plate reading `` 8theist '' .  the new jersey motor vehicle commission rejected her request .  leader of atheist group : state is `` favoring religion while disparaging nonbelief '' .  suit against the commission claims morgan 's first amendment rights were violate .
 chosin : the epic korean war battle hollywood overlooked <sec> dramatic battle took place at freezing chosin reservoir over 17 days in 1950 .  united nations troops were surrounded by large number of chinese soldiers .  china sustained heavy losses as troops succumbed to firepower and cold .  efforts to translate the battle to the big screen have largely faile .
 jordan , turkey join calls for syria to end the violence <sec> jordan 's prime minister calls on damascus `` to immediately halt military operations '' .  `` we hope our voice is heard , '' the turkish foreign minister says .  government-run media deny the claims of civilian casualties .  more than 2,500 people have died since the uprising began , activists sa .
 'duck dynasty ' reactions debate : free speech or bigotry ? <sec> the fallout over phil robertson being suspended from `` duck dynasty '' has been immense .  it 's expanded into a critical discussion about faith , freedom of speech and bigotry .  on one side , some think robertson should n't be reprimanded for answering a question .  on the other , there 's the argument that bigotry should n't be protecte .
 rihanna 's style busts all the rules <sec> rihanna wants to crush the idea of not wearing brown and black together .  her light complexion gave her trouble fitting in at school in barbados .  singer 's new four-bedroom home decor in los feliz to be inspired by india .  `` if i had to come back in another form , it would be as my dog , '' rihanna say .
 gates says taliban have momentum in afghanistan <sec> u.s. defense secretary : political level not ready for reconciliation , accommodation .  u.s. trying to reach out to taliban interested in financial gain , not ideological gain .  taliban spokesman : we will negotiate with afghan government when u.s. leaves .  gates says that as u.s. forces build up in southern afghanistan , fight will be toughe .
 five great spas for post-holiday recovery <sec> gurney 's inn offers unique mineral-rich seawater treatments .  red mountain spa is offering special rates through february .  rancho la puerta offers a week of fitness , organic cuisine and spa treatment .
 tsa puts 5 on leave after security manual hits internet <sec> `` the security of the traveling public has never been put at risk , '' security chief says .  she 's considering review by outside agency ; tsa says online manual was several editions old .  manual detailed how screeners work , how screening is conducted , x-ray machine limits .  officials say the practice of posting sensitive documents has been suspende .
 the a-listers who ca n't stop splashing out on canvas <sec> celebrities have become major art collectors .  kanye west and eva longoria attended parties at art basel miami beach .  art advisers can negotiate deals on behalf of their celebrity client .
 lebron and nba still slam-dunking rivals in china <sec> miami heat and los angeles clippers in china to play exhibition matches .  nba is still hugely popular among china 's basketball-mad population .  the professional u.s. league has more than 50 million followers on weibo .  china 's own pro league has long contributed players to the nb .
 no deal with iran is better than a bad one ( opinion ) <sec> michael rubin : current iran diplomacy does n't reflect its past behavior .  negotiators should draw lessons from north korea talks , rubin says .  essential negotiators make use of leverage over iran , he say .
 van with children driven into river ; mother accused of murder attempts <sec> police say a new jersey woman sped off a boat ramp into the delaware river .  joann smith , 49 , of florence township is charged with attempted murder , child endangerment .  a man driving by saw the sinking vehicle and ran out to help , prosecutor 's office says .  in march , a florida woman was accused of driving a minivan into the atlantic with her 3 childre .
 sand sculpture shindigs : a bucket list <sec> sand sculpture events are serious business ; this ai n't your childhood sand castle building .  it starts when a `` carver '' is presented with a 10-ton pyramid of sand to work with .  many events are not held at beaches , rather under tents or in parks and open spaces .  event venues include florida and california , surprising places like latvia and denmar .
 review : jack white 's 'blunderbuss ' <sec> `` blunderbuss '' is jack white 's first solo album .  musically , that nostalgia for simpler times works here .  there 's a certain opryland jam-session charm to it all , but `` blunderbuss '' lacks the electric jol .
 military recruiters told they can accept openly gay applicants <sec> new : judge reaffirms ruling allowing gays and lesbians into military .  recruiting stations are not asking about sexual orientation .  the pentagon says given the ruling , recruiters can accept gay and lesbian candidate .
 blaze blamed on campfire roars near yosemite <sec> the fire has burned nearly 1,900 acres and is 40 % contained .  more than 2,200 fire personnel are fighting carstens fire .  the blaze is striking in and around mariposa county near yosemite national park .  the blaze comes weeks before the normal start of wildfire season in californi .
 hong kong 'occupy ' grabs headlines ahead of anniversary <sec> unofficial referendum on hong kong 's political future draws almost 800,000 votes .  results were announced just before the anniversary of the 1997 handover of power , traditionally a big day for pro-democracy protests in hong kong .  hong kongers angered by what they perceive to be beijing 's undue influence over their political destin .
 embassies closing , moving south of tokyo , japan reports <sec> japan 's foreign ministry said 25 missions have shut down or left tokyo .  the embassies are largely from european , african and latin american countrie .
 casey anthony 's acquittal a sign from god , mother says <sec> casey anthony was acquitted of murder in july amid a media frenzy .  `` god is her judge , and he set her free , '' cindy anthony said .  casey anthony was accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter caylee .  her father said he suspects his daughter had help disposing of the bod .
 south korea says shots fired from north korea , fires back <sec> there are no reported casualties , the south korean defense ministry says .  in november , the south accused the north of shelling yeonpyeong island .  50 south koreans were killed last year in what the south called attacks from the nort .
 'angry birds ' creator rovio announces new game 'amazing alex ' <sec> rovio entertainment has bought `` casey 's contraptions '' and is rebranding it as `` amazing alex . '' .  `` casey 's contraptions '' is another physics-based game along the lines of `` angry birds '' .  the game features rube goldberg-type contraptions that are made from items like balloon .
 cnn student news : daily discussion <sec> use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories .  today 's daily discussion includes the media literacy question of the da .
 man suspected of killing infant added to most-wanted list <sec> u.s . .  marshals : a man suspected of killing a 1-year-old ran from police .  the child was strangled , beaten and bruised , u.s . .  marshals say .  authorities are offering a $ 25,000 reward for information leading to his arres .
 justin bieber avoids felony robbery charge in cell phone 'tussle ' <sec> the los angeles da concludes incident `` does not warrant felony prosecution '' .  the city prosecutor must decide if the cell phone incident justifies a misdemeanor case .  the accuser called tmz before calling police about the batting cage `` tussle '' with bieber .  bieber still faces a possible felony vandalism charge over egging of his neighbor 's hom .
 teen accused of plot to attack school on columbine anniversary <sec> monroe , new york , police say boy , 15 , had bomb materials .  police : `` he had a lot of hatred toward a lot of the kids '' at his former school .  police say boy had bottles of gasoline , a torch , black trench coat , other items .  teen had been told he resembled columbine shooter , police sa .
 india 's kabaddi back in sporting limelight <sec> kabaddi is one of india 's oldest indigenous sports -- it 's basically a mix of school-yard tag and wrestling .  kabaddi 's popularity faded away over the years , as sports like cricket dominated tv coverage .  now a new professional league is underway , and is being screened by a major indian broadcaste .
 mountain lion killed by car on connecticut highway <sec> connecticut official says it is most likely the same cat that was seen in greenwich .  state environmental protection is testing to determine if it was the same animal .  the driver of the car was uninjured in the wrec .
 suspects in alleged new york bomb plot indicted <sec> four men accused of plotting to bomb two synagogues , fire missiles at military jets .  police say informant gave conspirators phony explosive devices , which they planted .  new york city mayor praises police , fbi : `` we have to constantly be vigilant '' .  one of the suspects tells judge he has depression and bipolar disorde .
 wal-mart 'appalled ' at announcement telling blacks to leave store <sec> `` all blacks need to leave the store , '' unidentified male says over public address system .  incident being investigated as a suspected bias intimidation crime , authorities say .  any of the 25 in-store telephones can access the public address system .  wal-mart is acting to limit public address feature to a smaller number of in-store phone .
 syrian forces enter village near turkish border , sources say <sec> new : troops shell mountains , activist says .  more than 10,100 syrians in turkey .  british nationals advised to leave syria .  syrians have streamed across border with turke .
 the old guard carries on in all kinds of weather , including hurricanes <sec> the u.s. army 's 3rd u.s. infantry regiment stands guard 24 hours a day year round .  the tomb of the unknowns is at arlington national cemetery .  their service during hurricane irene has prompted new admiratio .
 5 questions : supreme court and next obamacare case <sec> the justices will rule on monday over the next challenge to obamacare .  should employers offer health coverage for contraception if they object on moral grounds ? .  companies appealing say doing so could ultimately lead to abortions , which they oppose .  the case is n't as big as two years ago , but it does have political implication .
 if you go : visiting the okavango delta <sec> the okavango delta is difficult to access ; most tourists arrive by bush plane .  camp accommodations range from luxury suites to basic pup tents .  for mid-range camps , plan on about $ 700- $ 950 per person , per night in high seaso .
 'masterchef ' runner-up joshua marks dies from gunshot <sec> new : a project leader rues 'mistake ' in dropping marks after his arrest .  investigators have not yet ruled whether marks ' death was suicide .  marks publicly acknowledged suffering from bipolar disorder .  the 26-year-old chef was arrested in july after a scuffle with polic .
 opinion : miley cyrus has a problem <sec> dean obeidallah : like many stars , miley cyrus is addicted to fame .  obeidallah : there is no incentive for miley to change , but what path will she take ? .  he says miley should follow the likes of lady gaga , who use fame to fight for social justice .  obeidallah : it 's a win-win situation ; the media will love miley all the more for i .
 cnn student news - december 9 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 blippy users ' credit card numbers exposed in google search results <sec> blippy 's security system has been breached in a very public and unfortunate way .  there 's a bug in the `` administrative , physical and electronic measures '' that ensure privacy .  mashable suggests that blippy users take immediate action to revoke acces .
 syria missile strike : what would happen next ? <sec> a missile strike could worsen the war and usher in new problems .  `` supporting the opposition at this point would be like french-kissing al qaeda , '' analyst says .  hezbollah could attack israel in retaliation , analysts say .  iran could sponsor attacks against western assets , analyst say .
 man beats up 'kangaroo jackie chan ' in house <sec> beat ettlin wrestles with kangaroo that leapt through window into house .  kangaroo jumped into son 's room but ettlin got it in a headlock .  wife : `` it leaped through the window , this martial-arts figure . .  it was very jackie chan .
 klinsmann replaces bradley as united states coach <sec> jurgen klinsmann is named as coach of the united states national side .  the 46-year-old german takes over from bob bradley who was fired this week .  klinsmann steered germany to third place in the 2006 world cup final .
 'new car smell ' as space station crew enters dragon capsule <sec> new : astronaut says the interior is roomier than the soyuz .  new : don pettit says commercial spaceflight will blossom on its own merits .  dragon is the first private spacecraft to connect to the international space station .  it is carrying cargo including food and computer equipmen .
 government shutdown forces clinical trial patients to wait <sec> about 200 patients who start nih clinical trials weekly must wait until shutdown ends .  of those , about 30 patients are children , and about 10 of them are cancer patients .  about three-fourths of nih 's employees -- 14,700 people -- have been furloughe .
 u.s. troops to get better helmets and 'ballistic boxers ' <sec> so-called ballistic boxers to be shipped to soldiers and marines in afghanistan .  heavy silk shorts provide better protection from debris kicked up by explosions .  head protection also goes hi-tech to provide lighter helmets for ground troops .  physicist 's study finds significant boost in head protection with thicker paddin .
 chirac : distinguished career ends on sour note <sec> former french president jacques chirac convicted on corruption charges .  chirac served as mayor of paris , prime minister and president over the course of four decades .  high profile opponent of `` illegitimate and illegal '' u.s.-led war in iraq .  career politician retired in 2007 , two years after suffering minor strok .
 kraft : 'i 'd rather give to charity than invest in epl ' <sec> robert kraft would rather give $ 100m to charity than invest it in soccer .  kraft is the owner of nfl franchise the new england patriots .  the 71-year-old has considered purchasing epl team liverpool .  kraft said the absence of a salary cap in english football put him off investin .
 kaka moves to real madrid for $ 100m <sec> new : kaka signs deal with real madrid , spanish club announces .  transfer from a.c. milan worth a reported $ 100 million , according to media reports .  chief executive galliani says that milan must sell kaka for economic reasons .  kaka currently in brazil with the national team for world cup qualifying doubl .
 wife of passenger : 'we ca n't move on beyond mh370 ' <sec> danica weeks is raising her two young sons without her husband , who was aboard mh370 .  paul weeks was traveling to mongolia to work in the mining industry .  the mh370 passenger gave his wife his wedding ring before he left , a keepsake for his son .
 prosecutors : sandusky file contradicts officials ' testimony <sec> new : schultz attorney says his client did not have secret files .  penn state says that it immediately provided information to the attorney general .  louis freeh says his office `` discovered these e-mails in the course of its work '' .  prosecutors say e-mails from schultz , curley and others contradict grand jury testimon .
 pakistan : nato supply route to reopen in 2 days <sec> pakistan launches operations against taliban militants in afghan border region .  operation closes khyber pass , a key transit link for nato military supplies .  eight people -- two suspected taliban militants and six civilians -- killed .  operation follows attacks against convoys ; road to reopen soo .
 rnc chairman candidate defends 'barack the magic negro ' song <sec> chip saltsman sent out the cd to committee members for christmas .  saltsman : `` i think most people recognize political satire when they see it '' .  song to tune of `` puff the magic dragon '' first played on rush limbaugh 's show .  saltsman said song is satire of a los angeles times articl .
 world 's first heritage sites <sec> nearly 1,000 cultural and natural wonders are `` world heritage sites '' .  the galapagos islands and yellowstone were among the first 12 sites named .  the largest slave trading center on the african coast was included on the first list .  ethiopia 's 13th century rock-hewn churches are still in use toda .
 will putin be able to make russia great ? <sec> russia is holding presidential election on march 4 ; putin is expected to win .  allen lynch : the alternative candidates to putin are much worse for russia .  he says a russia without putin at the helm would probably be plunged into political chaos .  lynch : if putin does n't embrace reform , russia will not become a truly modern societ .
 woman watches home invasion on webcam <sec> at work in fort lauderdale , woman checked on home and saw unknown men .  she installed camera after her home was burglarized before .  woman called 911 to give play-by-play of incident .  four men were charged in the home invasio .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> the leader of lebanon 's majority party discusses the impact of the credit crisis .  hariri explains why peace in the middle east is needed to stabilize lebanon .  fearing a food shortage , the gulf countries are buying land in africa and asi .
 mtv awards : west disrupts swift 's speech ; tribute to mj <sec> kanye west interrupts taylor swift 's acceptance speech , apologizes on blog .  beyonce knowles later gives swift a chance to finish her remarks .  madonna pays bittersweet tribute to the late michael jackson .  janet jackson dances in high-energy salute at radio city music hal .
 nick cannon 's back home with mariah and twins <sec> cannon 's `` resting and recovering at home '' after a `` mild kidney failure , '' his rep says .  the actor returns to his new york radio show next week .  the illness interrupts cannon 's colorado holida .
 'god was certainly looking out for all of us ' <sec> new : passenger valerie collins says a back exit would n't open and water rushed in .  passengers aboard u.s. airways flight 1549 hail the pilot for his heroics .  passenger carl bazariane : `` we were all looking to see how we were gon na die '' .  `` we have a second chance in life , '' brad wentzell say .
