 economy tops agenda as obama meets with african-american leaders <sec> obama meets with rev . .  al sharpton , top officials from naacp and urban league .  group urges obama to help areas with chronically high unemployment , source says .  they suggest funds could come from money reserved for bank bailouts .  african-americans not asking special treatment , but inclusion , sharpton say .
 obama talks drugs , trade , immigration on mexico visit <sec> obama : mexico has reaffirmed commitment to human rights in drug fight .  u.s. president says he supports `` orderly and legal '' immigration .  obama rejects criticism of u.s. response to honduran president 's ouster .  `` buy american '' push has n't hurt canada , obama says at three-country summi .
 spelling bee blues : from 'i totally know it ! ' to 'what ! ? ' <sec> jacob williamson captured hearts with his enthusiastic performance .  williamson said , `` i totally know it , '' before misspelling final word .  video has become internet sensatio .
 newsquiz : week of september 17 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 man who shot firefighters died of self-inflicted wound , coroner says <sec> autopsy shows that william spengler took his own life with a gunshot to the head .  he killed two firefighters as they arrived to put out a raging inferno in upstate new york .  authorities say they do n't know how spengler , 62 , obtained the weapon or weapons he use .
 'missing ' haider arrives in uk after going awol before pakistan match <sec> pakistan cricketer zulqarnain haider goes missing from team hotel in dubai .  haider was due to play in a one-day international against south africa on monday .  television pictures later show him arriving in london as inquiry is launched .  reports claim haider received threats after a winning innings in a previous matc .
 shoe bomber : tale of another failed terrorist attack <sec> friday incident comes eight years after another failed solo attack on an international flight .  richard reid attempted to detonate explosives in his shoes on international flight .  fbi bomb technicians and explosives experts found explosives in reid 's shoes .  reid , a british citizen and convert to islam , pleaded guilty to all eight counts against hi .
 film shines light on obama 's kenyan sister <sec> auma obama shares a father with the u.s. president .  film follows her family watching 2008 election from their homestead in kenya .  auma on barack obama : `` he makes me very proud '' .  director branwen okpako met auma obama at film school in berli .
 hiv returns in two boston patients after bone marrow transplants <sec> hiv returns in two patients who doctors hoped had been cured of the virus .  the virus became undetectable in both patients about eight months after bone marrow transplants .  a researcher says the return of the virus is `` disappointing , but scientifically significant .
 diana nyad trying cuba to florida swim for 5th time <sec> her attempts started 35 years ago .  she hopes to swim the 103 miles from havana to the florida keys .  if she 's successful , she 'll be the first person to do so without a shark cage , flippers or wet suit .  during her long swims , she sings cuban ballad , `` guantanmera , '' to hersel .
 cameroon 's president orders pentecostal churches closed <sec> president paul biya has ordered 100 churches closed throughout cameroon .  the illegal pentecostal churches are security threats , the government argues .  pentecostal congregants say criticism of the government is behind the shutdow .
 body identified as nba 's lorenzen wright , police investigate homicide <sec> new : police say the medical examiner used dental records to identify lorenzen wright 's body .  new : the cause of death was `` homicide by gunshot wound , '' police say .  family and friends mourn wright 's death .  police say they are working `` to bring justice '' to wright and his famil .
 li to play sharapova in australian semis <sec> li na benefiting from a punishing training regime ahead of the 2013 season .  world no . .  6 beat fourth seed agnieszka radwanska to reach australian open semifinals .  chinese star will play maria sharapova , who beat compatriot ekaterina makarova 6-2 6-2 .  russian second seed has lost just nine games -- a record -- on way to the last fou .
 report : tests support arafat polonium poisoning claim <sec> a dose `` the size of a grain of salt , something like that '' could be deadly , professor says .  the palestinian leader died in 2004 at age 75 .  last year , his widow , suspecting he was poisoned , had the body exhumed for tests .  polonium-210 -- a radioactive substance -- had been detected on his clothing and toothbrus .
 charlotte beers : women must lead on their own terms <sec> advertising high flyer charlotte beers says it has become harder for women to enter circles of influence .  she says men at the top do n't know how to appraise women 's potential .  therefore , women have to learn to be leaders on their own term .
 'parks and rec ' finale is a treat for fans <sec> the hit series ended its run tuesday night .  viewers got a peak into the character 's futures .  # wafflesacrossamerica was a thin .
 miscount means new miss florida <sec> officials say there was a tabulation mistake .  victoria cowen was the actual winner and elizabeth fechtel had to give up her crown .  fechtel writes on blog that she can not be defined by a title .  recently a winner in delaware was declared too old for miss america contes .
 jackson family feud caught on tape <sec> janet , jermaine and randy jackson attempted to convince paris and prince to leave with them , sources say .  sheriff 's deputies broke up a fight involving randy and jermaine jackson and their cousin trent jackson .  the video shows janet jackson trying to take a cell phone away from paris .  paris tweets `` got ta love fam .
 how to pretend you 're canadian when you travel <sec> a canadian flight booking site says `` flag jacking '' the maple leaf still gets americans better service abroad .  body language expert mark bowden suggests travelers employ the `` canuck crinkle '' when they smile .  travel website offers tips on how to look canadian using body language .  canadians feel the need to apologize for everything , says the canadian autho .
 messi to miss barcelona 's 2011 opener <sec> barcelona coach pep guardiola allows lionel messi to extend his winter break .  argentine to miss sunday 's clash with levante along with carles puyol and gerard pique .  captain puyol is injured while defensive partner pique is suspended .  second-placed real madrid return to action on monday with trip to getaf .
 suspected drug kingpin arrested in los angeles <sec> keith hasson , 45 , was arrested wednesday , the u.s . .  marshals service said .  he was placed on the marshals service 's `` 15 most wanted '' fugitives list on june 6 .  he is reputed to be the leader of a drug ring that brought in more than $ 20 million .  hasson was wanted on a 2005 open indictment from new mexic .
 ten hurt as landing gear on southwest jet collapses <sec> new : southwest reaches out to passengers of flight 345 .  the boeing 737 is moved to a hangar for inspection .  a passenger describes `` a bang and a bounce '' as the nose gear fails .  ten people sustained minor injuries when jet skidded on nose after landin .
 is this photo unpatriotic ? <sec> a picture of a newborn cradled in the flag raises questions .  facebook critics call it desecration of the flag .  a navy veteran whose husband is deployed took the pictur .
 boeing 777 a mainstay of long-haul travel <sec> the boeing 777 aircraft first entered service on june 7 , 1995 .  first airplane u.s. ( faa ) approved for extended-range twin-engine operations .  engineers designed , electronically pre-assembled the 777 using computers .  in 2005 , a boeing 777 set a new world record for distance traveled non-sto .
 nightmares haunt swimmer bitten by great white shark <sec> steven robles is weak and sore after the shark attack at manhattan beach , california .  `` pure instinct '' kicked in when he came face to face with the shark , robles says .  he `` just happened to be a the wrong place at the wrong time , '' lifeguard says .  swimmer says going back into the water `` is not on the table .
 take your kids to work day survival guide for parents <sec> millions are expected to join in `` take our daughters and sons to work day '' .  this is the 21st year for the annual event that asks parents take their children to work .  for many parents , the challenge is how to make the day fun and meaningful .  `` you do n't bring a child there to babysit , '' a spokesman for the organizers sai .
 reunited dad , son head to disney world <sec> new : father and son arrive in orlando at 6 pm et from brazil .  new : lawmaker reads dad 's letter offering `` sincere and humblest gratitude '' .  david goldman and son en route to u.s. for first time in five years .  goldman was battling the family of the boy 's deceased mother for custod .
 london 2012 : the women 's olympics ? <sec> london 2012 is the first olympics to feature women in every national team .  ioc chief jacques rogge hails `` major boost for gender equality '' .  saudi judoka wojdan shaherkani says taking part `` opportunity of lifetime '' .  women 's boxing included as an olympic discipline for the first time at london game .
 police : burns from fire altered 'killer santa ' plan <sec> police say suspect had flight scheduled from los angeles to canada .  police believe bruce jeffrey pardo 's injuries prevented him from fleeing .  pardo , who killed nine people , committed suicide after the attack , police say .  police found $ 17,000 cling-wrapped to pardo 's legs , inside a girdl .
 washington mudslide death toll climbs , yet hope remains <sec> death toll up to 21 ; 30 remain missing .  pastor in rural washington shares reflections from sunday service .  washington governor tells cnn that searchers still hope to find survivors .  locals recall what they were doing when the landslide struck on march 2 .
 can romney and obama tell the truth -- and win ? <sec> frida ghitis asks , will voters support a presidential candidate who tells the truth ? .  ghitis : the answer is obvious ; voters demand perfect odds and simple solutions .  she says obama recently said he has to feign total certainty in his decisions .  ghitis : true charisma and leadership require acknowledging uncertaintie .
 japanese fa confirms copa withdrawal <sec> costa rica to replace japan at the copa america football tournament in july .  japanese officials confirm last month 's decision to pull out , having decided to reconsider .  jfa had hoped to take a squad made up of its overseas-based players .  european clubs refuse to release them due to next season 's earlier start tim .
 cia , fbi push 'facebook for spies ' <sec> u.s. intelligence agencies are urging staffers to use a new social-networking site .  called a-space , it 's for analysts within the nation 's 16 intelligence agencies .  analysts can use a-space to share information about al qaeda , other issues .  only intelligence personnel with the proper security clearance can access the sit .
 former massachusetts chemist faces even more charges <sec> former chemist , 34 , faces new charges about alleged lying about master 's degree .  she pleads not guilty to obstruction charges in two courtrooms wednesday .  last month , she was indicted in a third court , in boston , for alleged misconduct .  it 's possible she touched 60,000 samples involved in 34,000 drug case .
 radar fails in memphis ; hundreds of flights affected <sec> faa lost phone , radar service ; serviced restored at 3 p.m . .  et tuesday .  air controllers could not communicate to hand off control of flights , faa said .  `` significant delays '' at dallas-fort worth ; atlanta ; charlotte , north carolina .  fedex , based in memphis , diverted its aircraft to other cities , spokesman sai .
 flooding in north carolina kills 2 <sec> new : search crews find body of a 48-year-old swimmer from huntersville .  kayakers find girl who drowned in a swollen catawba county creek .  first responders conduct swiftwater rescues to help people out of homes , car .
 mississippi tops u.s. obesity rankings <sec> survey : 44.4 percent of mississippi children ages 10 to 17 are overweight or obese .  economic slump could put more nutritious food out of the reach of struggling families .  other top states were west virginia , alabama , tennessee , south carolina .  the survey used the body mass index standards set by the cd .
 'true blood ' finale : true to the end <sec> hbo 's `` true blood '' aired its final episode sunday .  fans were n't thrilled with the conclusion , which involved a major death .  at the very least , writers kept viewers guessing until the very en .
 brenton thwaites swims into fame with 'blue lagoon ' <sec> lifetime has re-spun a 1980s tale with `` blue lagoon : the awakening '' .  brenton thwaites co-stars in the reboot .  he also co-stars in an upcoming film with angelina joli .
 nelson mandela : tireless even in his 'retirement ' years <sec> nelson mandela pushed issues on the world 's stage .  among them were hiv/aids epidemic .  sometimes , former president spoke bluntly .  he lost a son and great-granddaughte .
 officers recall horror of holocaust memorial museum shooting <sec> security officers harry weeks and jason mccuiston recall shooting , fellow officer .  when they heard shots at museum , they knew something had gone terribly wrong .  they call slain officer a `` gentle giant '' who was always friendly to colleagues , visitors .  men , who shot shooting suspect , say they 're not heroes , were just doing their job .
 holder donald and world no.2 mcilroy miss wentworth cut <sec> rory mcilroy misses cut at pga championship at wentworth .  world no.2 three shots outside the mark on the west course .  holder luke donald and race to dubai leader graeme mcdowell also exit .  italy 's francesco molinari leads the way at flagship even .
 'anti-foreigner ' violence kills 22 in south africa <sec> at least 22 people killed by mobs targeting foreigners in johannesburg .  police arrest more than 200 people for offenses including rape and murder .  zimbabweans who have fled their own country are driven from squatter camps .  south africa 's archbishop desmond tutu condemns the attack .
 developer linked to obama arrested <sec> tony rezko arrested at chicago-area home .  rezko indicted on conspiracy , influence-peddling charges .  obama says he worked five hours for rezko , bought land from him .  obama denies wrongdoing , says he returned money linked to rezk .
 spain defeat u.s. to reach davis cup final <sec> defending champions spain into the davis cup final after beating the u.s . .  world no . .  5 david ferrer beat american john isner in the decisive match .  spain have now reached the final six times in the last 10 years .  the czech republic beat argentina 3-1 to book their place in the fina .
 bacteria in space could help create new vaccines <sec> a key challenge of manned space missions is keeping crews healthy .  bacteria such as salmonella become more virulent infections in space .  the properties of bacteria in space can be harnessed to develop vaccines against them .  bacteria could provide food , drink and oxygen on board spacecraf .
 sanchez brace gives barcelona edge over leverkusen <sec> barcelona win 3-1 in first leg of champions league tie against bayer leverkusen .  alexis sanchez scores twice and lionel messi wraps it up for spain 's titleholders .  lyon beat cyprus ' apoel fc 1-0 to edge first leg of their last-16 tie in france .  besiktas and olympiakos win last-32 first-leg ties in the second-tier europa leagu .
 students , rise up against education costs <sec> roland martin tells students : skip march madness , fight to lower college costs instead .  obama proposed eliminating bank subsidies for student loans ; banks balked , he says .  he says students must press banks , lawmakers ; stage sit-ins , pickets on education 's behalf .  martin to students : if you want change , work for i .
 how to survive tokyo 's subway sandwich <sec> 24 million passengers use the tokyo rail and subway network every day .  rush hour periods can be overwhelming and exhausting experiences for the uninitiated .  cnn speaks to freelance writer and tokyo resident , sandra barron on how to traverse the tokyo subwa .
 kagan videos show nominee praising obama <sec> solicitor general elena kagan lets down guard in videos .  videos of supreme court nominee posted on senate judiciary committee 's website .  videos show kagan 's humor as well as nominee 's serious sid .
 opinion : do n't text me if you want to date me <sec> roxanne jones : it was cowardly of russell brand to divorce katy perry via text .  jones : it 's shocking how many adult men would rather text than call or meet up .  she says do n't let technology turn you into a wimp who is afraid of real conversation .  jones : when it comes to romance , pick up the phone or talk face to fac .
 uk pentagon hacker loses appeal , will be sent to u.s . <sec> gary mckinnon admits intentionally gaining access to government systems .  briton accused of carrying out biggest ever u.s. military computer hacking .  he says he was researching whether u.s. was covering up existence of ufo .
 observers slam russian vote as putin declares victory <sec> new : police arrest 250 people in moscow , including three opposition activists .  thousands take part in rallies both for and against putin .  vladimir putin received more than 63 % of the vote .  monitors say they observed ballot stuffing and other irregularitie .
 police investigating nashville mosque vandalism as hate crime <sec> `` muslims go home '' found sprayed on the al-farooq islamic center .  a written note also was left disparaging islam , police said .  the fbi also is involved in the investigatio .
 who can you believe at gop debates ? <sec> todd graham : key currency in debates is your stock of credibility .  he says mitt romney , jon huntsman added to their credibility .  credibility of michele bachmann , rick perry , herman cain running low , he says .  graham : newt gingrich successfully defended unpopular stance .
 two families , two small-business owners , two views on health care law <sec> small-business owners john nicholson and miles fawcett do not see eye-to-eye .  fawcett likes the plan -- he says it puts children like his ill daughter first .  nicholson does n't like it -- he fears his small business will choke on the regulations .  both agree there are no easy answers to make sure everyone has health car .
 175 pounds lighter , woman takes flight <sec> at her heaviest , karen daniel weighed 375 pounds ; she was 67 inches around .  she battled fatigue , hypertension and was more than 54 percent body fat .  daniel hired a personal trainer and ate a high protein , low-carb , no sugar diet .  two years later , she 'd lost 175 pounds and went from wearing size 30 to 1 .
 20 reported dead friday in libya as thousands take to streets <sec> witness says square in benghazi is full of protesters , but there is little sign of police or military .  tanks surrounded demonstrators in benghazi , a protester says .  50 reportedly killed since tuesday , 20 of them friday .  u.s. president condemns the government crackdowns in libya , bahrain and yeme .
 rachel weisz , daniel craig get married <sec> the couple play husband and wife in the upcoming thriller `` dream house '' .  weisz 's publicist confirms the weddin .
 whitney houston 's daughter bobbi kristina engaged <sec> brown went on facebook to respond to critics of her relationship .  she said her mother would have approved of her and gordon .  `` it is my life and not yours , '' she sai .
 microsoft 's paul allen says he 's found japanese warship <sec> japan 's musashi was once one of the two largest warships in the world .  a team led by microsoft co-founder paul allen makes discovery of the ship .  maritime museum director says he 's `` 90 % sure '' the ship was the musash .
 weight loss success : couple shed 280 pounds <sec> robert and jessica foster had been obese for years .  they focused on getting healthy for their daughters .  after opening their minds to a new lifestyle , they lost 280 pounds between the .
 end of an era approaches for new york 's legendary tavern on the green <sec> legendary nyc restaurant tavern on the green to close its doors at end of year .  destination for 500,000 people a year for anniversary 's , birthdays , tourist visits .  warner leroy spent $ 10 million on chandeliers , stained glass , mirrors in 1970s .  after bankruptcy , leroy family fighting with new lease-holders over tavern nam .
 cathedral offers garden to sex abuse victims <sec> garden at oakland 's new cathedral provides relief to victims of church sex abuse .  `` it 's a really small , important physical representation of a horrific thing '' .  cathedral 's provost says , `` we wanted to have a place respectful for their needs '' .  in july , pope benedict xvi called the sexual abuse acts by priests `` evil .
