 report : police officer deaths down in 2008 <sec> it 's been `` one of the safest years for u.s. law enforcement in decades , '' groups say .  reasons cited : better training and equipment , more officers in bullet-resistant vests .  officials also cite a downturn in violent crime in general .  the report 's figures are different from those held by the fb .
 toro rosso retain teen alguersuari <sec> formula one team toro rosso give teenage driver jaime alguersuari a contract for 2010 .  the 19-year-old will line up alongside sebastian buemi for red bull 's feeder team .  he became f1 's youngest driver when he replaced sebastien bourdais in hungary .  spaniard finished only three of his eight races at the wheel in 200 .
 u.n. shelter in gaza hit , 16 dead <sec> cnn crew visits school , finds shattered concrete in courtyard , shrapnel in walls .  u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon says the killing must stop now .  palestinian government says strike killed 16 people and injured more than 200 .  idf says it 's investigating and it 's possible a rocket from gaza was responsibl .
 betty white credits longevity to 'blind luck ' <sec> white will host nbc 's `` saturday night live '' on may 8 .  comedian had wo hit sitcoms , `` the mary tyler moore show '' and `` golden girls '' .  star 's popularity surged after a popular super bowl commercial in januar .
 ebola : funerals , ghost towns , haunted health workers <sec> liberia is one of the countries worst-hit by the west african ebola outbreak .  entire towns and villages have been placed into quarantine or abandoned by residents .  health workers must ensure those who die of virus are buried safely , to avoid contamination .  `` running away from ebola is not a solution -- we have to face it , fight it , '' says alpha tamb .
 it 's really not him , it 's you <sec> british relationship author writes about how to be `` the one '' for someone .  do n't ask , `` how can i find that special someone ? '' .  but `` how can i be that special someone ? '' .  author suggests improving your emotional core : self-esteem , happiness , attitude and kindnes .
 u.s. : we shot down iranian drone over iraq <sec> u.s. military says two f-16 jets shot down iranian spy drone over iraq .  u.s. say 70-minute patrol in iraqi airspace was not accidental .  it was shot down 60 miles northeast of baghdad , military says .  iranian national security adviser declined to comment on the u.s. allegatio .
 iran authorizes 10 new uranium plants <sec> iranian president says new plants will produce fuel for civilian power plants .  cabinet approves five plants like existing one , says to start planning for five more .  `` time is running out for iran to address ... concerns , '' white house says .  move comes days after u.n. nuclear watchdog told iran to stop work on nuke facilit .
 opposition cries foul as zimbabwe votes <sec> zimbabwe 's main opposition alleges widespread irregularities in election .  opposition party says it will release its own election results sunday .  president mugabe faces two challengers who have good chance of winning .  inflation is rampant in zimbabwe , once called the breadbasket of southern afric .
 cnn student news - november 5 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 costa denies 'unfounded ' reports of survivor discounts <sec> cruise line denies offering discounts on future cruises to survivors .  costa did offer discounts to passengers set to sail january 14 and beyond .  concordia passengers will be reimbursed for all expenses , costa announced .  indemnity for hardship suffered has not been determine .
 patriots player mum as police search for clues in man 's death <sec> the investigation has already cost hernandez at least one endorsement deal .  authorities say odin lloyd was killed monday near aaron hernandez 's home .  police searched area between hernandez 's home and where victim 's body was found .  the player signed a multimillion-dollar contract extension in 201 .
 fifa investigates officials amid match-fixing claims <sec> fifa places six match officials under investigation after match-fixing claims .  latvia versus bolivia and bulgaria against estonia under suspicion .  all seven goals scored in the two games played in turkey came from penalties .  fifa disciplinary committee will decide if there is a case to answe .
 vote for the best environmental campaign video <sec> nominate your favorite environmental campaign video .  rate our featured videos , including harrison ford getting his chest waxed .  send in your own videos using our ireport pag .
 hurricane warning issued as 'bud ' threatens mexico 's west coast <sec> new : `` bud is ... expected to reach the coast of mexico as a hurricane , '' an agency says .  hurricane and tropical storm warnings are in effect for parts of mexico 's coast .  maximum sustained winds are near 110 mph , the national hurricane center says .  bud is the second named storm of the east pacific hurricane seaso .
 iran , world powers to huddle at u.n . <sec> ashton , iranian diplomat met monday .  iran 's nuclear aspirations have been controversial .  hassan rouhani , iran 's president , says : `` end unhealthy rivalries .
 infected lung tissue removed from tb traveler <sec> new : doctors remove tb-infected lung tissue from andrew speaker .  he said decided to have surgery so he wo n't have to worry about tb in future .  speaker sparked health scare after flying with disease .  eight people on flight with andrew speaker sue him for $ 1.3 millio .
 from horror to hope : couple marries year to day of colorado rampage <sec> eugene han and kirstin davis were on a date when a gunmen went on a rampage .  han was shot in the hip and the knee ; davis suffered cuts and scratches .  han and davis will marry on july 20 , one year after the shooting .  `` we wanted to change the date and , you know , make it our own , '' hans say .
 'always looking for a way out ' way of life after terror , shootings <sec> new : police chief acknowledges `` a bit of anxiety '' on capitol hill .  americans are looking over their shoulders after recent u.s. violence .  but the violence wo n't stop many from going out and living .  events such as monday 's bombings remind us that `` we 're all vulnerable , '' professor say .
 india bans import of chinese toys <sec> india say it has banned import of chinese toys for six months .  no reason given for embargo .  move follows 2007 recalls in the u.s. on chinese product .
 man 's self-help book on women called guide for rapists <sec> ken hoinsky raised funds for what he calls a self-help book .  others say it is a guide for would-be rapists .  an online protest petition has 30,000 signatures .  hoinsky says his message is being distorte .
 arsenal seal thrilling win against chelsea <sec> robin van persie hat-trick seals memorable arsenal win at stamford bridge .  manchester united beat everton 0-1 at goodison par .
 troubled north caucasus region plagued by violence <sec> uncle of the two suspects says they 've brought shame on all chechens .  chechen rebels started out fighting for independence from moscow in the 1990s .  conflict has racked the north caucasus region for almost two decades .  dagestan and ingushetia have seen violent attacks in recent year .
 christie 's speech : how 'd he do ? <sec> n.j. gov . .  chris christie 's state of the state address garnered national attention .  christie tackled head-on a controversy that suggests political payback by aides .  john king : `` he did exactly what he needed to do by getting to it first '' .  ryan lizza : christie used phrase associated with past scandal that has been mocke .
 'calm ' alonso plots assault on f1 title after august break <sec> fernando alonso believes the most consistent f1 team will win the 2010 world title .  ferrari driver has revived his chances of third crown with a win and second placing .  spaniard trails leader mark webber by 20 points with seven races to go .  the circuit will take a break until the belgian grand prix on august 2 .
 michael vick acknowledges he 's a dog owner <sec> quarterback releases a statement confirming his ownership of a dog .  this will allow his kids to `` develop a healthy relationship with animals , '' he says .  vick , 32 , pleaded guilty in 2007 to bankrolling a dogfighting operation in virgini .
 nyc bomb plotter said he hoped bombs killed many <sec> confessed subway bomb plotter najibullah zazi testifies against alleged co-conspirator .  zazi testifies the group traveled to pakistan for terrorist training .  adis medunjanin is the only member of the trio on trial ; the other two pleaded guilt .
 illinois legislature oks same-sex marriage <sec> the measure would take effect on june 1 , 2014 .  the bill now goes to gov . .  pat quinn , who says he will sign it .  president obama hails the vote in his home state .  the state is now poised to become the 15th to legalize gay marriag .
 togo football club elects ameyi president <sec> fan president , maman togo , is pleased with gabriel ameyi 's election .  ameyi is the founder and owner of the maranatha club .  togo football has been wracked by tragedy and misfortun .
 'crazy play ' from parker steals nba finals opener for spurs <sec> san antonio spurs beat miami heat 92-88 in game one of the nba finals .  tony parker 's game-winning basket beat the shot clock by one hundredth of a second .  the nba finals are being broadcast to 215 countries in 47 different languages .  game two takes place at miami 's american airlines arena on sunda .
 journalists covering michael brown shooting arrested <sec> two journalists said police in ferguson arrested them .  they were released with no criminal charges .  protests have continued since shooting death of michael brow .
 'blue dog ' democrats may block health care bill <sec> rep. mike ross : house democrats ' bill does n't address group 's concerns .  blue dog democrats : bill does n't control costs in the health care system .  if committee 's blue dogs and republicans vote against it , bill wo n't advanc .
 protesters lay siege to u.n. compound in sri lanka <sec> u.n. staffers prevented from leaving offices .  protesters want united nations to drop probe into human rights violations .  sri lankan cabinet minister led the protest at the compound .  bloody civil war between the government and tamil rebels ended last yea .
 was the ncaa too quick to punish penn state ? <sec> michael mccann : ncaa 's strict penalities will devastate penn state football for years to come .  mccann questions whether the ncaa overstepped its legal bounds by ruling so quickly .  mccann : ncaa usually gives schools 90 days to respond , a trial , chance to appeal .  penn state could legally challenge the scope of ncaa authority , mccann write .
 politics at play under the surface of unemployment benefits debate <sec> the benefits extension is year 's first partisan showdown in congress .  the debate over unemployment and poverty foreshadows midterms .  bald politics at play as both parties try to score point .
 2 u.s. filmmakers injured in kenyan plane crash <sec> pilot killed , three passengers injured when plane crashes into building .  two victims were u.s. filmmakers shooting documentary on african poverty .  dan parris , rob lehr were taken to hospital , expected to survive .  witnesses say plane was `` flying unusually low '' before cras .
 five killed in connecticut power plant blast <sec> mayor : workers were purging natural gas pipeline when the explosion occurred .  explosion happened at about 11:30 a.m. sunday at kleen power plant in middletown , connecticut .  plant was under construction , about 95 percent complete .  `` it was almost like an earthquake , '' nearby resident tells cnn affiliate wtn .
 celebrating thanksgiving with 'generation alzheimer's ' <sec> about 10 million baby boomers will develop alzheimer 's , the alzheimer 's association says .  more than 15 million americans are providing unpaid care for a person with dementia .  do n't begin conversations with people with dementia with `` do you remember ... '' .  instead , try saying `` was n't it fun when we ... .
 why airlines have been slow to add wi-fi to intercontinental flights <sec> in-flight internet relies on transmitting signals to the ground .  airlines have n't found cost-effective way of providing wi-fi service while over water .  main drawbacks are cost , added weight of equipment for satellite transmission .  several airlines plans to start offering the service this yea .
 australian rugby union : history <sec> southern rugby union established in 1864 , renamed new south wales in 1892 .  inaugural meeting of australian rugby football union held on november 25 , 1949 .  in 1985 australian rugby football union incorporated as a compan .
 u.s. patients try stem cell therapies abroad <sec> stem cell injections are offered at various clinics worldwide .  therapy is not approved for use in the united states .  one 8-year-old 's treatment in china will cost $ 26,500 .  american doctor who provides treatments in peru says he is self-taugh .
 france 's world cup nightmare ends but hosts south africa fall short <sec> uruguay and mexico qualify from group a of world cup .  south africa beat france 2-1 but fall short of second round .  france 's world cup nightmare ends in defeat .  south africa become first host nation in history not to reach knockout stage .
 should the daily worry about possible apple bait-and-switch ? <sec> news corporation launched a ipad newspaper called the daily .  the daily will cost 99 cents a week , $ 39.99 a year .  apple rejects sony 's e-reader application for not using apple 's in application purchase metho .
 the masters of the beatles remasters <sec> engineers spent more than four years on beatles catalog remastering .  group strived to stay as close to originals as possible , yet clean up flaws .  one of the biggest surprises : hearing the mono version .
 what onion saga says about china 's sense of humor <sec> chinese news site lampooned after taking an onion satire for a real story .  onion reported that north korea 's kim jong-un was `` sexiest man of 2012 '' .  the joke belies a strong sense of humor in china , china watchers say .  chinese writers , artists , cartoonists use satire to mock , question , challeng .
 storm system spawns tornadoes in florida <sec> at least four people hurt in pensacola , florida .  tornado hits day care , but children ok , sheriff 's spokesman says .  storm skips over high school , hits mall , official says .  tornado kills couple in missouri , cnn affiliate say .
 turbulence on united flight causes injuries <sec> new : five people are taken to hospitals ; one remains .  `` there was a lot of screaming , '' a passenger tells a cnn affiliate .  the captain declares a medical emergency on united flight 1676 .  there were 114 passengers and five crew members onboar .
 the gop 's new favorite arab leader <sec> republicans praise tough egyptian line on radical islam .  potential 2016 gop candidates use sisi comments as cudgel against obama .  comments mark latest twist in diplomatic dance between washington and cair .
 court orders occupy hong kong to leave hsbc <sec> occupy protest in hong kong ordered by court to clear encampment .  protesters had been camping outside hsbc headquarters for 10 months .  hsbc says protesters have two weeks to clear ou .
 chinese journalist shi tao released after 8 years in prison <sec> shi tao was sentenced to 10 years for leaking government restrictions on reporting .  the restrictions were over the 15th anniversary of the tiananmen square massacre .  yahoo was criticized for giving china information about shi that was used in his conviction .  a yahoo attorney has said its employees in china were abiding by the la .
 taco bell 's top dog dies at 15 <sec> uttering the words `` yo quiero taco bell , '' gidget 's popularity soared .  gidget , a female dog , played a male dog in the commercials .  after the commercials `` she was kind of typecast , '' gidget 's trainer sai .
 whistle-blower in unc paper class case files lawsuit <sec> unc is accused of putting athletes in easy afro-american studies classes .  mary willingham spoke out about the fake classes .  in lawsuit , she says unc retaliated against he .
 u.n. urges pakistan to further investigate missing persons <sec> a u.n. delegation went to pakistan to investigate reports of missing people .  cases alleged law enforcement or pakistani intelligence involved in cases .  the delegation released a report detailing its finding .
 american airlines union : company 's letter , threats further enrage pilots <sec> american airlines sends letter for its union saying pilots are hurting the company .  the letter threatens court action and discipline against those pilots implicated .  a union rep says this does n't help talks and will `` further ... enrage '' pilots .  american won bankruptcy court approval to throw out the pilots ' labor dea .
 famed former child actress shirley temple dies <sec> shirley temple was arguably the most famous child star in hollywood history .  she died of natural causes at her california home surrounded by family and caregivers .  she was a major box-office star during the great depression .  she retired from acting in 1950 and later became a u.s. diploma .
 amanda knox : the fine line between guilt and innocence <sec> knox and sollecito were tried together and convicted of murder , but now cleared .  family of victim meredith kercher `` expected more from the italian judicial system '' .  knox 's lawyer says knox does n't feel any revenge or resentment towards ital .
 reno air race organizers hope to continue race after deadly crash <sec> 11 people died in september when racing plane crashed into spectators .  group that runs event says it expects to get permits for this year 's races .  ntsb is investigating the cause of last year 's crash , holding hearing on shows ' safet .
 who is nigeria 's muhammadu buhari ? <sec> muhammadu buhari is a 72-year-old retired major general from daura , northern nigeria .  buhari led nigeria from 1983 to 1985 , coming to power and leaving power through coups .  against a backdrop of violence in the north , he has vowed to make security a priorit .
 obama tackles drug shortages , prices <sec> obama order aimed at prescription drug shortages , rising costs .  the fda will report more possible shortages , speed up regulatory reviews .  the justice department will examine possible price gouging .  obama endorses more comprehensive legislation to deal with the proble .
 chimps should be recognized as 'legal persons , ' lawsuits claim <sec> the nonhuman rights project is filing suits on behalf of four captive chimpanzees .  the owners of the four chimpanzees have not commented on the lawsuits .  the lawsuits seek the animals ' `` right to bodily liberty '' and their placement in a sanctuary .  the activist group says it plans to file more suits on behalf of elephants , dolphins and whale .
 blagojevich continues media tour as trial proceeds <sec> state senators heard recorded phone calls about horse-racing legislation .  governor absent from trial , holding interviews with media outlets .  senators also heard testimony from fbi agent who wrote affidavit .  u.s. attorney has asked both sides to `` defer to criminal prosecution .
 could sharing help you afford a yacht or private jet ? <sec> fractional ownership initiatives are making some expensive luxury items more affordable .  the concept sees people pool their resources to share the likes of yachts and private jets .  flyvictor and monocle are two companies helping consumers to employ the concep .
 brazil hit by world cup stadium deaths <sec> new : state media : 30 % of the stadium will be closed off as authorities investigate .  a crane hoisting a piece of roofing collapsed at the arena corinthians .  two workers were killed .  the accident comes as brazil tries to meet a deadline for completing its stadium .
 petition : free pakistani christian woman set for execution <sec> the petition calling for the release of asia bibi was signed by 50 activists .  she was sentenced to death for defiling the name of the prophet mohammed .  a probe found the charges stemmed from religious and personal enmity .  the petition urges an end to pakistan 's blasphemy law .
