 post-convention campaigns take off with focus on economy <sec> new : reviving the economy will `` require me being elected president , '' romney says .  barack obama touts jobs creation , but says more must be done .  both campaigns visited new hampshire and iowa on friday .  the states are key battlegrounds in the november electio .
 official : syrian government to attend syria ii without preconditions <sec> presidential adviser shaaban says the government will attend without preconditions .  she ridicules the opposition coalition as a front for saudi intelligence .  women , children , laborers are among those killed , sana reports .
 algeria hostage crisis shows jihadists on rise <sec> the algeria hostage crisis left dozens of hostages and militants dead .  robert p. parks says this highlights the security issues in north africa .  'this tragedy is the outcome of a larger series of events , ' says parks .  how do al qaeda and other jihadi islamist movements figure in region 's context .
 medical marijuana research stalls at arizona university <sec> dr. sue sisley was planning to study marijuana 's effect on veterans with ptsd .  studies on the medical benefits of cannabis have been few and far between .  sisley 's contracts at university of arizona were not renewed .  university says it has championed medical marijuana research on campu .
 capitol hill shooting : who was miriam carey ? <sec> new : miriam carey was diagnosed with postpartum psychosis , her sister says .  new : she was treated with medication and counseling , the sister says .  miriam carey 's baby has been placed with a foster family , an official says .  the boyfriend said she thought the president had placed her city on lockdown , a source sai .
 police : pa trooper slaying suspect planned for months <sec> new : police believe ambush was planned for months .  new : suspect 's battle appears to be with police , not civilians , authorities say .  hundreds of officers resume search hours after apparently closing in on suspect .  eric matthew frein , 31 , a self-taught survivalist , is wanted in state trooper 's deat .
 why i 'm saying goodbye to football <sec> roxanne jones says she fell in love with football 30 years ago ; became a sports journalist .  she says new book and pbs documentary show nfl denied terrible effects of brain injury .  she says she loves game , but now urges youngsters , parents to avoid it as too dangerous .  jones : too many have enabled this deception . .  nfl must own up to cte caused by footbal .
 iraq 's sunni vp on his death sentence : 'unjust , political and illegitimate ' <sec> death toll rises to 94 in sunday 's attacks .  al qaeda in iraq 's claim of responsibility follows a warning it would unite sunnis .  al-hashimi , iraq 's top sunni politician , was sentenced to death in absentia .  a court in baghdad found him guilty of overseeing death squad .
 tsonga stuns federer in paris <sec> jo-wilfried tsonga beats roger federer in straight sets to reach french open semifinals .  frenchman could become the first local male champion since yannick noah in 1983 .  sixth seed will meet david ferrer in the semifinal .
 billionaire sworn in as chilean president <sec> sebastian pinera , 60 , succeeds michelle bachelet .  term limits prevented bachelet from seeking second consecutive term .  pinera is first conservative to lead chile since fall military dictatorship in 199 .
 holiday gifts you can eat <sec> some people will receive homegrown food gifts this holiday season .  kenneth wingard gives away peach jam and preserves from his california ranch .  liz porter makes gift baskets filled with homemade jams , jellies , pickles , relishe .
 chris christie drops bomb on gop leaders <sec> chris christie blasted speaker john boehner over failing to vote on sandy aid .  john avlon : conservative groups had pressured gop not to approve the aid .  he says christie pointed out long lag in approving aid to the northeast .  avlon : christie and rep. peter king got results , as house agreed to schedule vote .
 cyclone phet batters coastal oman <sec> phet dumps heavy rain along coast of oman .  once powerful storm weakens .  phet is forecast to hit pakistan sunda .
 report : nfl received ray rice video in april <sec> robert mueller to lead inquest into how nfl handled its investigation into rice case .  national organization for women says investigation is n't enough .  ap reports nfl executive received a copy of in-elevator video in april .  nfl says it is unaware of anyone in league office watching video before this wee .
 air marshals , flight attendants want tsa to reconsider knife policy <sec> tsa chief explains factors that went into decision .  law enforcement officers ' group will ask the tsa to reconsider .  the changes will allow small knives and some sports equipment in cabins .  a flight attendant union calls it a `` short-sighted '' decisio .
 school steps up security after california girl 's stabbing death <sec> new : the coroner 's office says leila fowler died after suffering multiple stab wounds .  new : amid stepped up security , parents at her elementary school say they 're afraid .  new : school principal : `` i do n't think i ever saw leila without a smile on her face '' .  the girl 's brother `` is not a suspect at this time , '' a sheriff 's spokesman say .
 cats , whales and empty seats : the best nonhuman twitter feeds <sec> some popular twitter feeds personify animals or inanimate objects .  the london olympics inspire nonhuman accounts such as @ olympicseat , @ leyvastowel .  other accounts represent cats , horses , traffic cones and even the universe .  the average twitter user has 126 followers , but some novelty accounts have 1 million .
 southwest to ground 81 planes after hole prompts emergency landing <sec> new : southwest airlines announced that it is grounding 81 planes .  passengers arrive in sacramento , california , on a second plane .  a 3- to 4-foot hole is discovered in a plane 's fuselage .  faa : the captain made a rapid descent from 36,000 feet to 11,000 fee .
 paul walker fans choke up at 'furious 7 ' finale <sec> moviegoers are tearing up during the emotional ending of `` furious 7 '' .  the movie 's end is a tribute of sorts to actor paul walker , who died during filmin .
 army inquiry finds 211 graves mishandled at arlington cemetery <sec> hundreds of graves misidentified or mislocated , army inspection finds .  two were in section reserved for those killed in iraq , afghanistan .  cemetery superintendent receiving letter of reprimand .  deputy was put on administrative leav .
 a deadly combination -- guns and 'stand your ground ' <sec> mark nejame : combination of guns and `` stand your ground '' laws are dangerous .  he says laws enable people to use deadly force even if they 're not at risk .  `` castle doctrine '' justifies use of deadly force to protect yourself in your home , he says .  nejame : extending the castle doctrine everywhere raises question .
 uncle of missing vermont girl arrested <sec> michael jacques is charged with aggravated sexual assault against a minor .  the alleged victim was n't brooke bennett , who has been missing since wednesday .  jacques , brooke 's uncle , is listed on vermont 's sex offender registr .
 'g-force ' beats 'ugly truth ' and 'potter ' at box office <sec> disney 's family comedy brought in an estimated $ 32.2 million over the weekend .  the sixth installment of the `` potter '' series raked in another $ 30 million at no . .  2 .  `` the ugly truth , '' starring katherine heigl and gerard butler , took in $ 27 million .  check out the other top earners on this weekend 's top 10 lis .
 jury selection under way in college lacrosse player 's murder trial <sec> new : george huguely pleads not guilty .  suspect and victim were members of the college 's highly ranked lacrosse teams .  the prosecution contends huguely fatally injured yeardley love during a fight .  the defense calls the death a `` tragic '' acciden .
 police : body is that of north carolina girl <sec> new : grieving father , speaking to media , urges people not to ignore children in peril .  shaniya davis , 5 , was reported missing last week .  mother antoinette nicole davis faces human trafficking , other charges .  davis was `` prostituting her child , '' police spokeswoman say .
 ice touts $ 41 million cash seizure in mexico , colombia <sec> joint operation nets about $ 41 million in cash hidden in shipping containers .  mexican , colombian authorities working with u.s. agents seize money in 2 ports .  u.s. immigration and customs enforcement calls ports key points in drug trade rout .
 can successful women have it all ? <sec> only 16.9 percent of fortune 500 's board members are women .  mcgregor explains that a man will get hired over a suitable women if she recently married .  women have to be noticeably better than men to get ahea .
 a modern take : 8 truly romantic cities <sec> a former french colony on the mississippi offers the rich food and booze of paris without the parisians .  a former british colony offers offers a beautiful beachfront with plenty of distance from spring break crowds .  the capital of argentina offers a petri dish of fiery european and south american cultur .
 photos of dzhokhar tsarnaev released after rolling stone complaints <sec> new : police : the sergeant who took photos of tsarnaev was relieved of duty for one day .  new photos of dzhokhar tsarnaev show `` the real boston bomber , '' photographer says .  the pictures show a bloodied , ashen tsarnaev emerging from a trailered boat .  it 's part of the backlash against rolling stone 's cover photo of the bombing suspec .
 starbucks to offer free wi-fi at all stores nationwide <sec> starbucks joins an increasing list of brands and chains to offer free wi-fi in its stores .  starbucks will bring quality content that is usually behind a pay wall to customers .  by offering content to users at starbucks , service providers might gain new customer .
 five things we 've learned about cruising <sec> emergency systems are n't designed to support 4,000 people for five days .  a cruise line 's ticket contract protects the company from much liability .  passengers may have a legal case against carnival , maritime attorney say .
 hiv no longer considered death sentence <sec> justin goforth thought his 1992 diagnosis was a death sentence .  today , he counsels others that they can live a fairly normal life .  treatment breakthroughs and research have improved the outlook for hi .
 rare photo of teenage diana sold for $ 18,369 <sec> an intimate black-and-white photograph of princess diana had likely never been public before .  `` not to be published '' is written across the photo .  behind her is a young man resting his book on her shoulde .
 deadly iraq war ends with exit of last u.s. troops <sec> new : the withdrawal of u.s. troops stirs conflicting emotions on the streets of baghdad .  about 500 u.s. soldiers cross into kuwait , ending almost nine years of war in iraq .  they are the last u.s. troops in the largest drawdown since the vietnam war .  they make the journey south from camp adder , the u.s. base closest to kuwaiti borde .
 cambodian man clears land mines he set decades ago <sec> as a child soldier for the khmer rouge , aki ra planted up to 5,000 land mines a month .  now he goes into rural villages to find remaining mines and defuse them .  aki ra has also taken in about 100 orphans , some injured by land mines .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2010 cnn heroe .
 washington paid for a camel 's visit to mount vernon <sec> washington paid paid 18 schillings , a pretty hefty amount , for a man to bring a camel to mount vernon .  washington paid to see exotic and rare animals throughout his life .  the sum was enough for 24 adults or 48 children to see the came .
 islamists claim victory in 1st round of egypt referendum <sec> the election commission wo n't announce official results until after december 22 .  the fjp says 56.6 % of the ballots were in favor of the draft .  10 of the nation 's 27 provinces voted in the referendum .  monitoring groups allege irregularitie .
 cause of 'treeman 's ' barklike growths revealed <sec> a man from rural indonesia cuts his skin as a teenager and develops warts .  dede kosawa has tree-like growths encasing his hands and feet for 20 years .  american dermatologist determines kosawa has immune defect and hpv .  kosawa undergoes surgery to remove 12 pounds of wart .
 2016 is everywhere this week . here 's why . <sec> rob portman announced he wo n't run for president in 2016 .  jeb bush , however , said he 's still `` thinking '' and will make a decision soon .  a new cnn poll shows mitt romney is still the top favorite , wtih ben carson in second .  rand paul and chris christie are also making moves toward 201 .
 colbert storms capitol hill for migrant workers <sec> comedy central 's stephen colbert testified about conditions facing migrant farm workers .  he delivered sarcastic testimony before a house judiciary subcommittee .  colbert worked a day on a farm in response to a pro-immigration labor group 's challenge .  republicans argue that undocumented workers are taking jobs from u.s. citizen .
 discovering the lost isles of the south pacific <sec> three-week journey from easter island to tahiti stops at remote french polynesian islands .  henderson island 's claim to fame is the real-life `` moby-dick '' .  the only way to land on pitcairn is to surf 12-foot waves into the tiny , jetty-enclosed harbo .
 syria denies using cluster bombs <sec> 100 people are reported dead around syria on monday , an opposition group says .  human rights watch says the syrian government is using soviet-made cluster bombs .  the claims are `` untrue , '' a report from syria 's state-run news agency says .  cluster bombs release dozens of smaller bombs , which can maim or kill long after impac .
 this mask gives you superhuman abilities <sec> students at the royal college of art have created masks that can give enhanced sight and hearing .  first mask uses a microphone to isolate a specific sound in a noisy environment .  the other , worn over the eyes , can apply visual effects seen by the wearer in real tim .
 hyo joo kim sets new major championship record <sec> hyo joo kim shot a record low major championship round of 61 .  south korean beat previous record by one shot .  19-year-old hit 10 birdies during opening round .  michelle wie forced to quit with finger injur .
 report card shows u.s. students need to improve math skills <sec> department of education takes look at how american kids are doing in mathematics .  fourth- and eighth-grade students from more than 7,000 u.s. schools assessed .  massachusetts , minnesota , vermont , new hampshire , new jersey ranked high .  district of columbia had lowest marks in both grades , but its scores are up since '0 .
 what your car says about you <sec> the model of car you drive may be telling people all about you .  prius drivers : college educated , want to be part of the `` green club '' .  corvette : an `` affordable giant-killer '' for men in midlife crisis .  smart fortwo : `` experimenters with a sense of humor '' who sprint away from stop .
 commentary : race , age , gender are taboo in election <sec> roland martin says people talk about issues but conceal their biases .  martin : race , age , gender issues affect support for obama , mccain , palin .  americans need to be open about how `` tribal '' concerns influence them , he says .  martin : let 's stop dancing around the topics of race , age and gende .
 u.s. open men 's final delayed until monday due to heavy rain <sec> men 's u.s. open final between rafael nadal and novak djokovic delayed until monday due to rain .  third year in a row tournament has needed an extra day to be completed .  women 's doubles final will also be concluded on monday .  play at flushing meadows will begin at 3pm local tim .
 leisure is the new productivity ( opinion ) <sec> in the united states , white-collar workers work longer than peers in most advanced countries .  brigid schulte : we need to recapture our lost leisure ; more work does n't raise productivity .  she says companies reward workers for how long they sit at their desks , not for what they d .
 cecil rhodes : statue removed , students applaud <sec> cape town students demand cecil rhodes ' statue come down .  they use the hashtag # rhodesmustfall .  school takes it dow .
 advantage atletico madrid after battling 1-0 win at valencia <sec> atletico madrid four points clear in la liga .  crucial 1-0 away win at valencia maintains advantage .  barca beat villarreal 3-2 in late game to leapfrog real madrid in second .  psg must wait to clinch french titl .
 indian army soldier kills 5 colleagues and himself at camp in kashmir <sec> a soldier opens fire with an automatic rifle in a camp north of srinagar .  he kills five colleagues in the barracks before turning the gun on himself .  previous cases of soldiers attacking colleagues have taken place in kashmi .
 why you can probably skip 3g on ipad 2 <sec> to configure ipad 2 , you have 12 options in color , storage and data connection .  if you own an android phone or an iphone , you do n't need a 3g model .  most smartphones officially support wireless-hotspot capabilit .
 young listeners opting to stream , not own music <sec> more young people would rather stream music than own it .  music streaming sites such as pandora and 8tracks are popular .  the idea of what is music ownership is changing , observers note .  but some music lovers will always want to have a physical mement .
 oprah ending talk show in 2011 <sec> oprah winfrey to announce she 'll end show in 2011 during a live broadcast friday .  it has been the highest-rated talk show for 23 consecutive seasons , her web site says .  an estimated 42 million u.s. viewers watch it weekly ; show had its origins in 1984 in chicago .  winfrey 's wealth was estimated at around $ 1 billion by forbes in 200 .
 80 dead in spain crash ; video catches train 's final moments <sec> new : survivor says the crash site looked like a scene from hell .  victim : `` suddenly there was a curve , the suitcases fell and everything went dark '' .  death toll at 80 , spokeswoman for spanish government in galicia region tells cnn .  crash may be linked to train going too fast , transport minister tells radio statio .
 apple unveils two new iphones -- the 5s and 5c <sec> apple rolls out two new iphones tuesday .  the iphone 5s is an upgrade to current model .  the iphone 5c will be less expensive and come in bright colors .  both phones will go on sale september 2 .
 real names of 23 fictional characters <sec> many famous fictional characters are known only as their nicknames .  cap'n crunch 's full name is captain horatio magellan crunch .  wizard of oz : oscar zoroaster phadrig isaac norman henkel emmannuel ambroise diggs .  on entourage , turtle 's real name is salvatore assant .
 arab spring three years on : why instability will continue in 2014 <sec> political instability has characterized international relations since 2008 , writes andrew hammond .  hammond : the impact of the financial crisis has varied from country to country .  the popular uprisings in emerging economies such as ukraine and brazil have been eye-catching , he writes .  hammond : the current `` wave '' of volatility has been driven by a broad range of factor .
 atletico madrid claim super cup ; kaiserslautern humble bayern munich <sec> atletico madrid lift the european super cup by beating inter milan 2-0 .  jose reyes and sergio aguero score for the europa league holders .  rafael benitez loses his first competitive game in charge of inter .  german champions bayern munich are beaten by newly-promoted kaiserslauter .
 real madrid 's gareth bale bid 'lacks respect ' says barcelona coach martino <sec> real madrid expected to complete world-record signing of gareth bale next week .  coach of real 's spanish rival questions need to spend so much in current climate .  barcelona 's gerardo martino says the size of the reported fee `` lacks respect '' .  bale has not played for his english premier league club tottenham this seaso .
 mandela tributes get creative <sec> from light shows to sand sculptures , mandela tributes get creative .  flower memorials are growing at south african embassies .  huge portrait drapes building in pari .
 gop repeal efforts go silent as obamacare 'suicide ' plays out - cnnpolitics.com <sec> republican party has shifted its strategy on obamacare away from repealing the law .  gop launched its own public relations campaign to highlight negative aspects of the law .  the defund strategy has proven counterproductive .  some on the right still pushing for republicans to keep repeal efforts movin .
 protesters : today 's 'rioters , ' tomorrow 's righteous <sec> sally kohn : `` occupy wall street '' is part of american tradition of protest .  past protests seen now as noble were disorderly and disruptive at the time , she writes .  kohn : protests a choice when injustice so entrenched , a vote is not enoug .
