 2 navy seal cases moved to iraq <sec> navy seals accused in alleged assault of an iraqi man during his detention .  the iraqi is suspected of orchestrating the 2004 killings of 4 u.s. contractors in falluja .  in ruling for 2 seals , judge says he wants them to be able to question alleged victim .  a third seal faces a special court martial in the case this wee .
 jackson memorial to be tuesday at staples center <sec> new : michael jackson trust includes mother , children , charities .  michael jackson memorial to be tuesday at l.a. 's staples center .  the drug enforcement administration has joined jackson 's death investigation .  speculation about the role of drugs has been swirling since jackson die .
 london tech week : the emerging thinkers of britain 's future <sec> london has held its first technology week , bringing together thinkers and inventors .  the aim is to invigorate the sector and establish london as a leading light in global tech .  five of the sector 's influential thinkers have given their thoughts on the future .  explore the interactive to find out what they do , and how it will impact your lif .
 amanda bynes rips police account of her arrest , saying it 's 'all lies ' <sec> amanda bynes was arrested thursday after allegedly throwing a bong out her window .  she 's charged with tampering , reckless endangerment and possession of marijuana .  bynes says `` do n't believe any reports ; '' she says the arresting officer sexually harassed her .  police are investigating bynes ' sexual harassment claim , a spokesman say .
 70 people injured in argentine fish attack <sec> the attack happened at a beach near the city of rosario , on the parana river .  no one was killed .  swimmers suffered various injuries , including a girl who lost a part of her finge .
 critic : ashton kutcher a surprisingly good 'man ' <sec> ashton kutcher made his debut monday night on the de-sheened sitcom as walden schmidt .  walden is the opposite of sheen 's now-dead sleaze king charlie harper .  the instant verdict : kutcher was not at all bad -- he was quite likabl .
 obama , chicago come up short in olympics bid <sec> new : `` i could not be prouder of my hometown of chicago , '' obama says .  `` i do n't know how this is anything but really embarrassing , '' gop strategist says .  critics had questioned whether obama should make trip , given his full plate .  chicago eliminated in first round ; rio de janeiro win .
 bayern start bundesliga season with win <sec> bayern munich beat wolfsburg 2-1 .  first match of german budesliga season .  bayern goals from thomas muller and arjen robben .  wolfsburg reply from ivica oli .
 outrage follows sexist outburst at tokyo meeting <sec> male colleagues heckled assemblywoman ayaka shiomura .  they interrupted her with comments urging her to get married .  they also questioned whether she could bear children .
 libyan leader 's embrace of sharia raises eyebrows <sec> ntc leader jalil said : `` we have adopted the islamic sharia as the main source of law '' .  that kind of talk could raise concerns among the fledgling government 's western backers .  in many muslim countries , sharia law is interpreted moderately .  but in some , such as iran and saudi arabia , it is interpreted and enforced strictl .
 roger federer beats novak djokovic to win dubai tennis championships <sec> federer defeats djokovic to take dubai championships .  victory marks 84th tour victory of federer 's caree .
 barcelona purchase of neymar brings tax fraud charges <sec> spanish judge looking into alleged improprieties .  prosecutor alleges barcelona football club avoided paying taxes .  team had purchased brazilian superstar neyma .
 cantona 's presidential bid a publicity stunt ? <sec> former footballer eric cantona says he wants to run for french presidency .  cantona has written to mayors to obtain 500 signatures needed to stand .  bid interpreted as way of publicizing housing issue , rather than real campaign .  many sports stars have made move into politics , eg . .  imran khan , christine lagard .
 united under ferguson : manchester 's mass appeal in asia <sec> under alex ferguson , manchester united has become hugely popular globally .  recent survey reveals united has 325 million fans in asia alone .  english champions regularly play in lucrative pre-season asia tours .  journalist : `` the one thing asian football fans value above anything else is winning .
 myanmar 's bookish revival <sec> much of myanmar 's literature was banned as military suppressed freedom of thought .  the country was left with thousands of libraries following british colonial rule .  in the past few years , some library buildings had re-opened under the civilian government .  libraries in smaller towns such as bagan became a meeting place for local populatio .
 if you back gun reform , write a check <sec> writers : americans want gun reform : 92 % back background checks for each sale .  obama was right , they say . .  gun violence survivors , victims ' families deserve a vote .  writers : pro-gun reform groups need support to counter massive influence of gun lobby .  donate , volunteer , contact lawmakers : vote them out if they block gun reform , they sa .
 commentary : peggy sue and a love so rare and true <sec> bob greene : peggy sue , of famous buddy holly song , lives in west texas .  he says she has a theory about what love does to a person .  greene : as spring arrives , peggy sue admits she has hope in her hear .
 new york woman goes missing in istanbul on photography trip <sec> a feed of photos on instagram marks sierra 's trail then goes cold .  she flew to istanbul alone after making friends there online .  the mother of two has n't been heard from since january 21 and did n't fly home the next day .  her husband , steven , says he has no explanation as to what happened to he .
 john paul ii 's blood stolen from italian church <sec> a bloody swatch of john paul ii 's clothing is missing after a theft at an italian church .  police will attempt to track the thieves across fresh mountain snow .  the late pontiff 's secretary gave the swatch to the church after john paul 's 2005 deat .
 argentina weighs putting pope francis ' face on a coin <sec> new : a proposal to create a coin honoring pope francis passes lower house .  an argentine lawmaker proposes creating a coin to honor pope francis .  the commemorative coin aims to honor the pope 's argentine origin .  pope francis is the first pontiff from latin americ .
 moammar gadhafi , who lived and died in violence <sec> gadhafi , schooled in tribal values , was an activist from an early age .  gadhafi was first among equals in the group that overthrew the libyan monarchy .  author says gadhafi created shadow democracy but held on to all real power .  he says gadhafi destroyed civil society , violated rights , crippled the econom .
 west 's biggest threat : battle-hardened homegrown terrorists <sec> friday marks third anniversary of assassination of osama bin laden in pakistan by u.s. forces .  al qaeda is depleted , but danger of home-grown terror on rise , writes andrew hammond .  11,000 foreign fighters overall may have fought in syria , from more than 70 countries .  al qaeda franchises now focus more on `` local '' issues , hammond says , threatening western securit .
 'slumdog 's ' mumbai premiere a celebration <sec> cast and crew celebrate mumbai premiere of `` slumdog millionaire '' .  film nominated for 10 academy awards , including best picture .  some in india critical of film 's subject matte .
 hurricane leslie could pound bermuda with powerful winds , forecasters warn <sec> new : the slow-moving storm is churning 460 miles south-southeast of bermuda .  new : emergency officials in bermuda say leslie could be a `` historic storm '' .  the storm could affect the british territory this weekend .  it could become a category 2 hurricane by frida .
 kid rock chats about meeting mitt romney , dining with eminem <sec> kid rock reportedly said mitt romney reached out for his support .  the musician said he sat down with the politician with a list of questions .  kid rock said he also said he hosted a dinner party with rapper emine .
 puyol backs vilanova to 'continue the project ' <sec> barcelona captain offers his support to pep guardiola 's replacement saying he 's the `` ideal man '' .  departure of guardiola `` a big blow '' but softened by tito vilanova 's appointment .  barcelona face rayo vallecano in sunday ; real madrid host sevilla .  in serie a , napoli 's 2-2 draw against roma dents champions league qualification hope .
 forged in fire : the crystal globes that stars covet <sec> skiing 's crystal globe trophies are forged in 1,200-degree heat .  more than 2,000 fis trophies have been made since 1987 .  this year 's winners include anna fenninger and marcel hirscher of austri .
 explosion hits fertilizer plant north of waco , texas <sec> hospital is told to anticipate 100 injured , official says .  the explosion occurs at a fertilizer plant some 18 miles north of waco , kwtx reports .  a man says he saw smoke then , a few minutes later , heard a massive explosio .
 islamists protest women 's rights in bangladesh <sec> dozens of people are injured as riot police clash with protesters .  the protesters oppose expansion of expanded rights in property and education .  protests also take place in the southern port city of chittagong and other areas .  the government says it has done nothing against the qura .
 who will pay price for fast and furious ? <sec> ruben navarrette jr. : dead mexicans are real scandal in fast and furious gun operation .  he says atf let guns `` walk '' into mexico to track cartels and they turned up at crime scenes .  he says attorney general seems to be skirting responsibility for misbegotten scheme .  navarrette : rep. darrell issa right to investigate what 's an injustice to mexican victim .
 opposition group : iran sentences actress for film critical of government <sec> the film producers express `` deep shock and sadness '' .  actress marzieh vafamehr stars in the film , `` my tehran , for sale '' .  there are no specifics about what vafamehr was convicted of or when she was sentenced .  opposition group says actress is sentenced to a year in jail and 90 lashe .
 alleged maersk pirate arrives in new york <sec> alleged pirate known in official documents as `` pirate defendant '' .  alleged pirate brought to djibouti aboard the usns walter s. diehl , a refueling ship .  handed over to federal authorities by the u.s. military in djibouti , officials said .  diehl was with the warship uss bainbridge at the scene of a failed hijackin .
 who has $ 60 million to buy the pink star diamond ? <sec> the 59.6-carat pink diamond goes on auction in november , sotheby 's says .  it is internally flawless , which the auctioneer says is rare .  diamond cutters needed two years to cut and polish i .
 'dreamers ' deal a roll of the dice <sec> young would-be 'dreamers ' can apply for legal stay in u.s. if they meet criteria .  this gives undocumented people brought to u.s. as children a two-year work visa .  ruben navarrette : it 's a high-stakes gamble because you give out personal information .  navarrette : people fear if romney wins or even obama , the program could be revoke .
 the death of the home stereo system <sec> for decades , the component stereo system was the way to listen to audio .  now it 's all about computers and mp3 devices .  has quality been lost ? .  maybe -- but convenience has n't .  today 's young music fan : `` all you need is a good pair of headphones and an ipod .
 one true love and other myths <sec> diana de vegh says that the `` one true love '' myth leads to a harmful scarcity complex .  `` in the scarcity model , we 're all competing for the guy who 's rich and handsome '' .  wanting someone who can anticipate your thoughts is really looking for an idealized parent .  de vegh : `` we have to give up the longing to be the child in the relationship .
 man armed with bat and knife attempts to rob a gun store <sec> a would-be robber smashes a a glass display case at a gun store in oregon .  the manager pulls his gun and orders the man to drop his weapons -- a bat and a knife .  the suspect winds up in jail with bail set at a quarter of a million dollar .
 apple tv update boasts full mlb , nba streaming <sec> apple is now offering easy streaming of mlb and nba games .  there are two subscription models for mlb.tv , $ 100 standard or $ 120 premium .  nba league pass 's packages include either $ 65 for 7 teams to watch or $ 100 unlimite .
 nico rosberg wins f1 season-opener for mercedes in australia <sec> nico rosberg wins f1 season-opener in australia .  daniel ricciardo finishes second but excluded .  four-time world champion sebastian vettel retires early .  polesitter lewis hamilton also fails to finis .
 ireporter : 'it looked like a perfectly smooth landing ' <sec> eyewitnesses say the water landing looked like a regular plane landing .  rescue operation `` looked pretty well-organized , '' says ireporter jim davidson .  ireporter joe harrington : ferries and rescue boats arrived `` almost instantaneously '' .  ireport.com : did you see the crash landing , or were you on the plane .
 iranian official : arrest anti-government demonstrators <sec> new : clashes broke out as large crowds gathered for major religious observance ashura .  more than 300 arrested , iran 's deputy police chief says on state tv ; death toll reported to be eight .  new : cnn 's reza sayah : most significant challenge since islamic republic came to power .  since june 's disputed elections , protesters have turned public gatherings into rallies against president ahmadineja .
 america is n't ready for superstorms <sec> stephen flynn : hurricane sandy shows how poorly prepared u.s. is for major storms .  he says we need to stop behaving as if such disasters are so rare , unpredictable .  there are steps governments can take to get ready in advance of storms , flynn says .  flynn : storms should be closely studied to yield clues about how to prepare bette .
 civilian casualties in afghanistan up by nearly a quarter , u.n. says <sec> new : the taliban criticize the u.n. report , saying it 's `` in favor of americans '' .  the increase in deaths and injuries in the first half of this year reverses a drop in 2012 .  last year 's decline was the first recorded since the u.n. started publishing the data .  the u.n. says improvised explosive devices are the main factor behind the ris .
 dad of tortured boy myls dobson to be freed from jail to go to funeral <sec> father of tortured 4-year-old to be released from jail for son 's funeral .  myls dobson was found unconscious january 8 at caregiver 's apartment .  judge to dad : `` i 'm letting you out to go give your son a proper burial .
 man says delta lost his dog <sec> josiah allen says his dog , paco , did n't make it home when he flew recently .  delta air lines says the dog escaped from a carrier may 3 at an airport in mexico city .  delta representative : `` our staff have conducted exhaustive searches to locate the dog '' .  airline has apologized , compensated owner , offered to reimburse expenses , she say .
 born in male body , jenny knew early that she was a girl <sec> estimate : 0.25 to 0.5 percent of the american population is transgendered .  doctors speculate that there is a biological foundation to gender identity .  people rarely undergo gender-reassignment surgery and then want to reverse i .
 national zoo 's panda cub is healthy , officials say <sec> national zoo giant panda cub is healthy , growing , officials announce .  the female cub , born august 23 , weighs almost 2 pounds and is 10.6 inches long .  the baby panda has not opened her eyes ; she 'll be named 100 days after her birthda .
 a 10-pound milestone in a 2009 journey <sec> giyen kim , 34 , has lost 10 pounds since january 1 .  reaching this milestone makes losing more weight look easier , she said .  dietitian : often , speed of weight loss slows down over time .  share your journey to change with ireport.co .
 country star kellie pickler 's drummer seriously injured in kentucky crash <sec> gregg lohman `` is not just my drummer , he is family , '' pickler says .  lohman suffered head and neck injuries in a saturday crash , police say .  he slowed down for an earlier crash that killed six people when he was struc .
 china 's bo xilai 'implicated ' in murder <sec> bo xilai 's former right-hand man said he warned his boss his wife was a murder suspect .  wang lijun was stranding trial for abuse of power , defection and bribe-taking .  wang is also accused of covering up for gu kailai , who was convicted of murder .  gu was jailed in august for the murder of british businessman neil heywood last yea .
 ukraine military push appears to lose momentum in the east <sec> obama says russia may face new sanctions .  nato chief announces `` further military measures to reinforce our collective defense '' .  conflicting reports on ukrainian soldiers switching sides .  russian president vladimir putin warns ukraine is `` on the brink of civil war .
 aeg exec accuses michael jackson 's mom , kids of extortion <sec> aeg live ceo randy phillip is testifying in the jackson wrongful death trial .  feisty chemistry between jacksons ' lawyer and phillips should keep jurors attention .  aeg lawyers advised him not to review old e-mails before testimony , exec says .  the jacksons accuse aeg live of negligently hiring dr. conrad murra .
 america 's health : our 9 biggest issues ( opinion ) <sec> sanjay gupta : there are n't enough doctors to care for u.s. population .  gupta looks at medical issues that will be in the news in 201 .
 jargon-busting mobile industry 's buzzwords <sec> mobile phone industry has created a confusing lexicon of acronyms and buzzwords .  cnn 's jargon buster unlocks some the language used at mobile world congress .  android , ice cream sandwich , padphones , symbian among words explore .
 why the critic still matters at cannes <sec> at cannes film festival , at least , the film critic is still alive and kicking .  cnn 's neil curry speaks with hans-georg rodek critic for german daily die weldt .  of criticism , rodek says : humanity does n't really need it but it makes life easier .  he added : cannes is the only place on earth where you can see really exciting films toda .
 protesters rally to end economic blockade of gaza <sec> several hundred palestinians join about 100 international activists in march to border in gaza .  on israeli side of border , about 300 israeli , international and palestinian activists demonstrate .  rally participants said they were trying to draw attention to the plight of palestinians in gaza .  since hamas takeover in 2007 , economic embargo by israel , egypt has bruised gaz .
 pilot training questioned as recorders shed light on air france crash <sec> new : an aviation expert wonders why the pilots were not able to deal with the stall .  the french report follows an analysis of data from the plane 's recorders .  air france says there is no reason to question the abilities of its crew .  the recorders were retrieved from the atlantic ocean almost two years after the cras .
 report : massive landslide hits bolivian capital <sec> state media says the mudslide left at least 800 families homeless .  a fault stretching at least 200 acres triggered the disaster , state media reports .  bolivia 's government pledges to help victim .
 obama campaign quick to condemn a loyal supporter <sec> democratic strategist hilary rosen said ann romney had never worked a day in her life .  rosen apologized , and obama campaign quickly dissociated itself from her remarks .  mary matalin : rosen right to apologize , but ferocity of campaign response excessive .  she says white house should have given rosen time to apologize on her ow .
 trading the carbon market <sec> carbon trading is said to be one way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .  existing carbon trading systems have had limited impact on emissions to date .  the european experience serves as a good lesson for new trading system .
 2015 mtv movie awards : best and worst moments <sec> mtv movie awards host amy schumer had some hits and misses during the show .  rebel wilson tossed in a censor-worthy jok .
 syrians under siege in homs demand end to suffering , malnourishment <sec> the old city of homs in syria has been under siege for nearly two years .  food and medical supplies have been cut off , leaving hungry , angry residents behind .  the geneva peace talks produced a small deal to evacuate women and children .  `` we do not want your food or your aid supplies . .  we want to break the siege , '' resident say .
 syria : fight for aleppo prison ; humanitarian deal in homs <sec> new : women , children , elderly to get a chance to leave homs , with aid to arrive .  it is unclear whether rebels have full or partial control of a prison in aleppo .  around 3,000 people have been detained at the prison , many of them women .  the syrian conflict is nearly 3 years ol .
 larry king on missed interviews , life after nightly show <sec> larry king ended his nightly cnn show last december .  in `` truth be told , '' king talks about memorable guests and best moments of his career .  interviews that got away : bruce springsteen , fidel castro , the pope , dean martin .  larry king will soon embark on a comedy tou .
