 8 hotels that changed the industry <sec> the goring hotel , known for hosting british royals , introduced the concept of en-suite bathrooms in 1910 .  central air-conditioning was first offered in dallas 's adolphus hotel in 1950 .  bathroom toiletries for guests were unheard of before the opening of four seasons park lan .
 creative takes on in-flight entertainment <sec> artist nina katchadourian has been using her camera phone to make art on flights since 2010 .  lavatory portraits using toilet seat covers raise questions about what goes on in there .  the limitations of space and materials present challenges that push the artist forward .  there 's `` tension between freedom and constraint , '' she say .
 yale lab worker arrested in student 's killing , police say <sec> new : suspect appears in court , does n't enter plea ; october 6 court date set .  bond for raymond clark set at $ 3 million , police say .  police chief describes crime as a case of workplace violence .  le 's body was found on what would have been her wedding da .
 learn science while hacking your roomba <sec> roomba makers irobot release create 2 .  the roomba-based system is designed for stem educators .  users can program the unit as well as modify i .
 luge dangers exaggerated <sec> david epstein says georgian luger 's death at whistler track was a freak accident .  epstein : whistler track has crash statistics that are in line with other tracks around the world .  study of dangerous lake placid track found sport `` quite safe , '' similar to skiing , he writes .  that said , epstein says , modifications in whistler prudent ; reducing speed would n't hur .
 u.n. chief visits myanmar to press government for more reforms <sec> new : u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon arrives in yangon .  he has lauded recent reforms , including elections and steps toward reconciliation with the rebels .  ban : `` now is the time for the international community to stand together at myanmar 's side .
 new immigration law wo n't hurt economy , arizona governor says <sec> arizona gov . .  jan brewer : businesses have long asked for tougher immigration action .  but law 's opponents argue it will cause tourists , businesses to stay away .  new law requires police to determine whether a person is in u.s. legally .  phoenix , arizona , mayor says he 'll sue to block the la .
 zsa zsa gabor is unresponsive , hospitalized , husband says <sec> gabor `` got into a little coma '' early wednesday , her husband says .  gabor suffers from a stomach infection , he says .  the 94-year-old actress is in ronald reagan ucla medical cente .
 writer of hits jj cale dead at 74 , rep says <sec> eric clapton laments jj cale 's passing .  cale wrote a number of hits , including `` after midnight '' .  he died after suffering a heart attack , his rep says .  he is credited with helping create what is known as the tulsa soun .
 philly kids want city to be known for more than flash mobs <sec> students from philadelphia win national poetry contest in san francisco .  they prepared six days a week for the competition , where they performed before judges .  team wants to show city has teens who are doing positive things with lives .  philadelphia has had problems with flash mobs -- group attacks on people and propert .
 makerbot shows off a trio of new 3-d printers <sec> makerbot announces three new 3-d printers at ces in las vegas .  the makerbot mini is a new entry-level 3-d printer that 's designed to be easy to use .  there 's also an updated makerbot replicator and a new professional-level printer .  all the devices have a new camera for monitoring profess from a mobile ap .
 bolivian vote on constitution could help president <sec> new constitution would eliminate term limits , give more voice to indigenous people .  some say it 's just way for president to keep himself in power .  critics express concern that dramatic change could lead to violence , divisions .  policy investigator : `` bolivians wo n't know what to respect '' under new constitutio .
 2 killed , 300 injured in algerian riots <sec> the protests erupted earlier in the week amid rising food prices .  similar protests have taken place in neighboring tunisia .  washington is closely monitoring the situatio .
 obama allowing states to opt out of education reform requirements <sec> president obama says he will grant waivers from no child left behind requirements .  states will be granted exemptions in exchange for certain commitments .  no child left behind was signed into law by president george w. bush a decade ag .
 reducing poverty through smallholder farming <sec> vietnam cut malnutrition by half with small scale farming .  u.n. declared 2014 the international year of family farming . .  rabha elis bandas set up a group to help sudanese farmers with supplies .  smallholder farmers alliance in haiti provides loans to help farmer .
 foreigners training anti-isis militia in iraq , syria <sec> foreign fighters are increasingly signing up to fight isis on the front lines .  for some of the jihadist group 's foes , foreign fighters are not welcome comrades .  training and logistical support , some argue , is the best way to support the fight against isi .
 'orange is the new black ' actress pushes immigration change - cnnpolitics.com <sec> 'orange is the new black ' actress diane guerrero says her parents were deported when she was 14 .  she said their deportation disrupted her life , leaving her to rely on friends and neighbors .  guerrero says president obama should quickly overhaul u.s. immigration laws by executive orde .
 aid workers being shot , killed in somalia <sec> three aid workers have been shot over the last day in somalia , two of them fatally .  one victim worked for aid agency , dbg , which has suspended operations .  four world food program drivers of relief supplies killed this year .  somalis dependent on humanitarian aid since 1993 famine , ongoing war , drough .
 pakistani military steps into political crisis <sec> the prime minister has asked the military chief to help end the crisis .  protests have been taking place in the center of the capital for weeks .  they are led by opposition politician imran khan and outspoken cleric tahir ul qadri .  bringing in the military `` pushes democracy a little deeper into the quicksand , '' an editorial say .
 muslim women uncover myths about the hijab <sec> the hijab is the head scarf worn by muslim women .  wearing one as a muslim teenager in the u.s. may offer challenges .  some wearers say they get strange looks and sometimes angry remarks .  but those who voluntarily wear it say it can help them in their faith and teen lif .
 diplomat : u.s. no longer supports zimbabwe power-share deal <sec> u.s. diplomat : zimbabwe power-share deal ca n't work with president robert mugabe .  power-share deal is stalled because of dispute over control of ministries .  zimbabwe faces cholera epidemic , economic crisis .  mugabe has resisted international calls for him to step dow .
 iranian film industry thriving , hollywood learns <sec> representatives from hollywood visited iran to learn about the film industry .  sid ganis , president of the academy : `` it was thrilling to be in iran '' .  censorship creates a barrier that filmmakers must cross , says iranian film expert .  many of iran 's internationally acclaimed films are banned inside the countr .
 utah is fastest growing state , census bureau says <sec> utah population grows 2.5 percent by `` natural increase , '' census bureau says .  texas adds more people than any other state -- about 500,000 .  two states lose population : michigan and rhode island .  figures are census estimates for growth from july 2007 to july 200 .
 duggars set memorial service for baby jubilee shalom <sec> jim bob and michelle duggar will hold a memorial service for their 20th child .  following the miscarriage sunday night , michelle was taken to the hospital .  michelle is recovering well and expected to return home later on monda .
 klitschkos tell haye : we will fight you in 2011 <sec> klitschko brothers issue statement saying they want to fight dave haye in 2011 .  wladimir klitschko likely to fight britain 's wba title holder first .  vitali klitschko holds wbc version of the heavyweight crown .  koki kameda wins the vacant world boxing association ( wba ) bantamweight titl .
 u.n. , ad firms join to brand climate change <sec> u.n. launches climate change awareness campaign ahead of copenhagen summit .  u.n. enlists broad coalition of communications companies across media platforms .  ban ki-moon : `` we need a global movement that mobilizes real change .
 'scared ' teen fears for life over alleged quran burning <sec> rimsha masih was jailed after she was accused by a neighbor .  the neighbor says she burned pages of the quran , the muslim holy book .  rimsha denies accusation , her lawyers say neighbor was settling a score .  a muslim cleric has been accused of planting evidence against he .
 bernard kouchner : rebel and patriot <sec> french fm kouchner has told france to prepare for possibility of war with iran .  was a surprise appointment to nicolas sarkozy 's conservative government .  also the first french foreign minister to visit iraq since 1988 .  founder of medicins sans frontiers , also french student leader in may 196 .
 'craigslist killer ' suspect scrawled ex 's name in blood , da says <sec> prosecutors say `` megan '' and `` pocket '' were scrawled on markoff 's cell wall .  markoff `` died at his own hand , '' the district attorney says .  he faced charges in the 2009 killing of model-masseuse julissa brisman .  conley says the evidence against markoff was `` overwhelming .
 turkey evacuates tomb of suleyman shah <sec> the 700-year-old remains of suleyman shah are moved from a tomb in northern syria .  in recent months , isis started taking over villages and towns surrounding the tom .
 15 hurt in chicago o'hare airport bus crash <sec> wbbm says rental car company 's shuttle bus struck concrete median .  injured included bus driver , who was temporarily pinned , wls reports .  crash happened about 6:30 a.m. frida .
 president obama to make appearance on 'live with kelly and michael ' <sec> ripa and strahan will head to d.c . .  it will be their first interview with the president .  the show is set to air on may 3 .
 missing mississippi family found dead <sec> the bodies of atira hill , laterry smith and jaidon hill , 7 , were found overnight .  the family was last seen friday in a car .  that vehicle was later found flipped and on fire .  authorities have arrested timothy burns , 42 , on suspicion of arson , a sheriff say .
 martina mcbride , 38 special , cancel seaworld gig over 'blackfish ' <sec> new : 38 special is the 8th act to announce a seaworld cancellation .  martina mcbride cites `` all the issues that have been aired recently '' in her announcement .  trisha yearwood , willie nelson , cheap trick , others already canceled .  online campaign asks acts to ditch seaworld after airing of `` blackfish '' fil .
 angelina jolie 's wedding dress by versace , and her kids <sec> angelina jolie 's six kids with brad pitt had a hand in the couple 's wedding .  jolie 's versace wedding dress featured her kids ' drawings .  the six also helped their parents write their vows .  pax , 10 , baked the wedding cak .
 lampard 's penalty miss costs chelsea <sec> frank lampard misses a late penalty as chelsea lose 2-1 at manchester city .  city move up to sixth place after ending a record run of seven successive draws .  manchester united cut chelsea 's league lead to two points , winning 4-0 at west ham .  united suffer more defensive problems as gary neville and wes brown go off with injurie .
 cops : kahlil tatum , suspected abductor of relisha rudd , 8 , found dead <sec> the death of kahlil tatum , 51 , was suicide , d.c. police chief says .  his body was found in a park in the capital during a search for relisha rudd , 8 .  tatum was suspected of abducting relisha , who was last seen march .
 hong kong 's secretive haunted houses databases <sec> in hong kong , an apartment where a violent death has occurred can take 10-30 per cent off its market price .  databases that track these incidents sell their services to real estate agents .  owners complain that once their apartments appear on these lists , there 's no way to change the information .  a violent death in an apartment often affects the resale value of other homeowners on the same floo .
 biden talks about threatening to kill a bully <sec> after a bully bothered biden 's sister , he `` smashed his head next to the counter '' and threatened to kill him .  the point of the story was that biden stood up for his sister and his father was proud of him for it .  the remarks came at an event where biden was recognized for being a man who combats violence against women .  the vice president , who grew up in scranton , pennsylvania , had a history of fighting as a chil .
 a cannon that shoots tacos ? why not ? <sec> # tacocannon trends in omaha as excited fans eat up the idea of flying tacos .  the cannon will shoot off tacos at university of nebraska-omaha 's new aren .
 alberta takes environmental hit in quest for oil <sec> canadian northwest rich in what is essentially oil-soaked dirt .  oil extraction process messy , has contaminated nearby rivers and lakes .  vbs goes to alberta to document impact on ecology , econom .
 gibb 'confounds ' doctors by getting better <sec> gibb is fully conscious and lucid , his doctor says .  3 days ago , the doctor told gibb 's family he feared the worst .  the road ahead is uncertain for gibb , the doctor says .  the bee gees were one of the most successful british music group .
 dalai lama to undergo medical examination <sec> tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama will undergo a medical exam this week .  dalai lama was recently admitted for tests after suffering abdominal discomfort .  the check-up in new delhi is likely to take several hour .
 one-armed fullback to vie for spot on pro canadian football team <sec> curtis harmon will try out for one of 46 roster spots with cfl 's montreal alouettes .  harmon was born with birth defect that stopped growth in his left arm below elbow .  sportswriter impressed that during nfl regional combine , harmon did n't bobble one pass .  montreal 's running backs coach , who will coach harmon if he earns spot , has no hand .
 michael jackson 's mom gets custody of kids <sec> katherine jackson named permanent guardian of michael jackson 's kids .  she will be given copies of michael jackson aeg contracts .  lawyers ' petition accuses executors of keeping singer 's mother `` in the dark .
 some satisfied , others outraged with verdict for immigrant 's death <sec> teens acquitted of murder , aggravated assault , ethnic intimidation .  verdict sends `` extremely dangerous '' precedent , advocacy group says .  schuylkill county prosecutors alleged the beating was racially motivated .  incident drew national attention to small town of shenandoah , pennsylvani .
 hey , miley , suzanne somers is having lots of sex <sec> suzanne somers says she and her husband are having lots of sex .  miley cyrus said in an interview that she heard sex slowed in one 's 40s .  somers said she and her husband are both on hormone .
 munch 's 'the scream ' on view ahead of multi-million dollar auction <sec> `` the scream '' on display at sotheby 's in london ahead of its sale in new york .  vivid orange and blue pastel is due to go under the hammer next month .  experts say it is likely to sell for more than $ 80 million .  1895 work is one of four versions of the subject , and the last still in private hand .
 obama signs law banning 'crush videos ' depicting animal cruelty <sec> president obama signs bill to ban `` crush videos '' .  lawmakers have called such videos obscene .  u.s. supreme court struck down a broader law in dogfighting cas .
 russia announces major arms buildup <sec> russia planning `` comprehensive rearmament '' of its military , moscow announces .  analyst : last year 's invasion of georgia revealed russian military weaknesses .  `` large-scale rearmament '' to begin in 2011 , president dmitry medvedev says .  russia aiming for 70 percent of its weaponry to be `` modern '' by 202 .
 why the u.s. still ca n't count on iraq <sec> ed husain : u.s. spent vast blood and treasure on ousting saddam hussein , building iraq ties .  he says when nuri al-maliki , barack obama met to formally end war , things were tense .  he says iraq still wants u.s. help aid but avoids u.s. foreign policy aims , has ties to iran .  husain : if u.s. ca n't count on iraq by now , how will it hold sway in other nations in region .
 sen. snowe not afraid to buck her party <sec> sen. olympia snowe is one of two gop senators from maine .  snowe has said she is guided by principles and constituents , not her party .  analyst : snowe 's independent streak is `` not new behavior for her '' .  in 2006 , time magazine named her one of the top 10 u.s. senator .
 avalanches in utah kill 1 person , trap another <sec> new : woman taken university of utah hospital dies of her injuries .  woman was buried under 2 feet of snow in avalanche at ski resort .  witness contacted authorities ; woman rescued an hour later .  one person trapped after second avalanche near resort , officials sa .
 question riles clinton ; translation might have been off <sec> question at town-hall meeting may have been an error of translation .  when translator posed question , they asked for bill clinton 's thoughts .  clinton responded : `` i will tell you my opinion ; i 'm not going to channel my husband '' .  state department : question `` struck a nerve , '' that her opinion was of less interes .
 longtime spy chief now atop egyptian pyramid <sec> omar suleiman , the former intelligence chief , now wields most power in egypt .  an opposition leader dismisses him as mubarak 's `` twin '' .  suleiman has had close ties with u.s. official .
 inside new york 's indian point nuclear power plant <sec> cnn correspondent allan chernoff and his crew go into a nuclear power facility .  the indian point facility sits some 25 miles from new york city .  new york gov . .  cuomo wants to shut it ; the plant seeks a 20-year license renewa .
 french authorities back off claim against man in isis beheadings video <sec> french authorities on wednesday identified mickael dos santos .  they said he was one of two men connected to an isis beheadings video .  on thursday , the prosecutor 's office backed off the claim .  the case is still under investigation , official say .
 florida man dies after winning roach-eating contest <sec> edward archbold was among those in a contest at a deerfield beach reptile store .  he won a python after eating dozens of cockroaches and worms , a sheriff 's office says .  archbold later fell ill , collapsed and was pronounced dead at a southeast florida hospital .  the store says participants signed waivers , insects were `` safely and domestically raised .
 king 's prime minister choice steams jordanian opposition <sec> king abdullah ii named marouf al bakhit to be jordan 's prime minister tuesday .  the decision should have been made in a different way , opposition groups say .  muslim brotherhood spokesman : unity government should have been formed first .  al bakhit 's previous term as pm had seen election fraud , spokesman say .
 why europe must offer migrants a lifeline <sec> italy 's search and rescue operation for migrants crossing mediterranean sea to end .  politicians claim it encourages more people to try and make their way to europe by sea .  refugee advocate maurice wren insists their `` argument is as flawed as it is chilling '' .  `` those fleeing atrocities will not stop seeking safety in europe if we stop throwing them life rings .
 toyota president testifies before congress <sec> new : president of toyota north america says panel will examine electronic throttle control .  akio toyoda announces that special committee on global quality will meet march 30 .  toyota has recalled 8 million vehicles worldwide for problems related to brakes , other issues .  tune in to `` larry king live '' at 9 p.m. wednesday et for exclusive interview with toyod .
 nasa report : no evidence astronauts flew drunk <sec> nasa conducts internal review ; finds no evidence astronauts were intoxicated .  nasa official , ex-astronaut , interviewed 90 people in probe .  independent panel reported allegations of alcohol use before flight .
 sold ! auction sells furnishings from michael jackson 's last house <sec> two paintings sell for thousands of dollars .  auction is selling 524 items from rented mansion where pop icon died in 2009 .  some furnishings were shown in photos during trial of jackson 's doctor .  jackson did n't own the furnishings , but his use of them should raise price .
 taliban storm strategic afghan city <sec> taliban militants attacked a municipal building in the city of khost .  insurgents said to be fighting battles with u.s. forces and taking hostages .  khost is notorious hotbed of taliban activity near pakistan borde .
