 alleged berlusconi sex tapes released <sec> d'addario refuses to comment on authenticity of excerpts released thursday .  berlusconi attorney calls act of publication `` an illegal act '' .  la repubblica : conversation between d'addario , berlusconi took place at his home .  la repubblica publishes alleged conversation between d'addario , businessma .
 old politics joins new in egypt <sec> much has changed since the last presidential election .  some unchanged : mubarak came from the military , military still runs egypt .  election presented varied choices : islamists , leftists , former regime member .
 novak djokovic to become a father for the first time <sec> novak djokovic girlfriend jelena ristic is pregnant , he tweets .  djokovic and ristic became engaged in september last year .  djokovic hit by wrist injury at monte carlo masters last week .  world number two now says he will be fit for madrid masters in a fortnigh .
 'augmented-reality ' windshields and the future of driving <sec> many automotive designers seem to take inspiration from smartphones .  cars are becoming platforms to participate in the digital , networked world .  technology is still crude , and several years away from finding its way into vehicles .  mercedes demos an `` augmented reality '' windshield at ce .
 olympic 100m final : can usain bolt make history ? <sec> usain bolt could make history during this weekend 's 100m final .  he 'd match carl lewis ' record of back-to-back 100m titles .  but he has friend yohan blake hot on his heels .  could either one of them break the 9.4s barrier .
 ice chief of staff resigns amid discrimination allegations <sec> new : suzanne barr calls the allegations `` unfounded and without any merit '' .  new : she says she is resigning to `` prevent further harm to the agency '' .  her resignation comes on the heels of a job discrimination lawsuit .  barr is accused of helping create a culture of sexual discrimination against me .
 'wall of trees ' to protect nairobi wildlife <sec> nairobi national park is threatened by human encroachment .  lack of planning means park has become compromised , say experts .  nairobi greenline project will plant 300,000 trees to form 30-kilometer fenc .
 people in northeast seek to beat triple-digit heat <sec> heat wave causes deaths in baltimore and philadelphia .  several cities from raleigh , north carolina , to newark , new jersey , hit triple digits .  heat advisories are in effect until wednesday evening in the northeast .  new york sets up cooling stations , warns not to open fire hydrants without spray cap .
 cnn student news transcript : march 3 , 2011 <sec> learn about an attack against u.s. troops at an airport in germany .  hear how the u.s. supreme court ruled on an issue of free speech .  consider the struggles rodney king has faced since his infamous beating .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 is cat poop dangerous ? <sec> some cat poop contains the parasite toxoplasma gondii .  new studies suggest it can affect memory , cognitive function in people who are not ill .  doctors : guard kids ' sandboxes and play areas and wear gloves when gardenin .
 baby strollers recalled on new evidence of strangulation risks <sec> recall involves two models made by peg perego , usa inc. between 2004 and 2007 .  in 2004 , a california infant died after becoming entangled between the seat and tray .  a 7-month-old in new york nearly died from similar circumstances .  newer models have been developed that do n't pose the same risk .
 mayor of caracas , venezuela , arrested <sec> venezuelan president nicolas maduro says the mayor of caracas will be prosecuted .  a military source says antonio ledezma was arrested because of alleged involvement in a coup plot .  ledezma denied that accusation last week and said maduro is targeting the oppositio .
 11 things to know about lunar new year <sec> chinese government expects 3.62 billion people to travel during lunar new year .  if you were born in the year of the horse , red underwear is a must .  in china , single ladies can rent `` fake '' boyfriends to fend off family interrogation .
 autism link to violence is a myth <sec> john robison : debunk `` link '' between autism and violence this autism awareness month .  robison : reports that asperger 's sparked sandy hook shooter spread prejudice .  having asperger 's , he says , and being different is bad enough without that myth .  we need to stop looking for easy answers and find out what really causes violence , he say .
 from kissinger to the gruffalo : footballers ' reading habits revealed <sec> the english premier league releases list of footballers ' favorite books .  players ' choices include titles by henry kissinger , j.r.r . .  tolkien and dan brown .  the list forms part of the premier league reading stars campaign .  the program aims to encourage kids to take up readin .
 judge sets november trial date for lawsuit against lady gaga <sec> jennifer o'neill is suing gaga , alleging more than $ 350,000 in unpaid overtime wages .  she worked as the singer 's personal assistant in 2009 , 2010 and 2011 .  `` every day is a work day for her , so every day is a work day for the rest of us , '' says o'neil .
 mystery tunnel near pan am games venue stumps toronto <sec> an elaborate tunnel was discovered near pan am games venue in toronto .  nothing so far suggests criminal activity or terrorist intent , police say .  police deputy chief mark saunders : `` there is no criminal offense for digging a hole .
 texas oks school guidelines after ideological debate <sec> conservatives on texas board vote on changes to `` balance '' curriculum .  texas textbook requirements often make it into those of other states .  u.s. education secretary says there wo n't be large `` ripple effect .
 cnn student news - march 26 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 specter on cancer battle : 'never give in ' <sec> u.s. sen. arlen specter learned in april that his cancer had recurred .  specter has hodgkin 's disease , a rare but curable form of lymphoma .  doctor : specter 's great physical condition allows for aggressive treatmen .
 durban and edmonton bid for right to host 2022 commonwealth games <sec> edmonton and durban declare official interest in hosting 2022 commonwealth games .  monday had been last day for bidders to come forward .  canada has hosted four previous times , while africa has yet to stage the game .
 how to stop election year insanity <sec> lewis beale says he 's sick of unending political ads , and we have five months to go .  he says the election system is dysfunctional , but it could be helped .  he says make presidency a single six-year term so that something gets done .  beale : ban negative ads , limit polling , spending ; at least it 's a star .
 kim kardashian : i still believe in love <sec> kim kardashian said , `` absolutely . .  i believe in love , always '' .  kardashian , 31 , said she learned a lot of lessons in the past year .  whether she will find love again , she simply replied , `` i 'm not looking .
 every 'the simpsons ' episode is going online <sec> fxx is launching a website called `` simpsons world '' .  it will host every episode of `` the simpsons '' .  viewers will also be able to search for specific quotes and make playlist .
 'smart ' football helmet may help detect concussions <sec> `` smart '' football helmet can send alerts when a player sustains a hard hit .  helmet , by riddell , is coming for the 2014 football season .  it joins a growing list of products marketed as `` head impact sensors '' .  head injuries in football have become a hot-button issue in recent year .
 michael phelps : is the 'baltimore bullet ' set for a return ? <sec> michael phelps refuses to rule out a swimming comeback .  the american is the most decorated olympian of all time .  phelps has been tested twice by u.s. anti-doping officials since july 1 .  under fina rules , phelps would be eligible to compete again in march 201 .
 boko haram : the essence of terror <sec> boko haram , blamed in hundreds of deaths , added mass abduction to its repertoire in april .  group 's promises of weapons , plunder lure nigeria 's young men .  there 's no evidence that boko haram has aspirations beyond nigeria .  but splinter groups may have broader ambition .
 alabama shooting survivor : 'there was no way to ever anticipate this ' <sec> professor debra moriarity is a colleague of alleged shooter amy bishop , she says .  bishop started shooting about an hour into a faculty meeting , says moriarity .  moriarity : `` it was actually a really laid-back , mundane kind of faculty meeting '' .  moriarity : `` i grabbed her leg . .  ... .  i was just thinking : 'grab her ! ' .
 in china , 'cancer villages ' a reality of life <sec> residents of wuli village in eastern china refer to home as 'cancer village ' .  journalists , activists find evidence of extremely high rates of cancer across china .  greenpeace , activists point to toxic pollution emitted from textile plants .  they say many factories dump their water , treated or not , into local river .
 u.s. officials : isis militant 'jihadi john ' identified <sec> officials : militant known as jihadi john is mohammed emwazi .  advocacy group cage says it had contact with emwazi .  london 's metropolitan police declines to confirm his reported identit .
 instagram now available for android devices <sec> instagram , the popular photo-sharing app for ios , launches an app for android devices .  instagram lets users enhance their mobile photos with filters and share them with friends .  the app now has more than 30 million users , double the number from four months ag .
 france denies role in rwandan genocide <sec> france : accusations of french role in rwanda genocide are `` unacceptable '' .  rwandan report says french soldiers killed and raped in rwanda .  late president mitterrand , former prime minister villepin named in report .  800,000 killed during 100-day rampage in 199 .
 band members say famu drum major gave in to hazing <sec> witnesses claim robert champion was forced to walk shirtless while he was beaten on the bus .  champion seemed fine , then said he had trouble breathing , one witness says .  champion 's parents say their son advocated against hazing .  robert champion died of `` shock due to soft tissue hemorrhage , due to blunt force trauma .
 little progress in new talks on iran 's nuclear program <sec> new : `` we remain a long way apart on the substance , '' a western diplomat says .  iran lays out its own proposal to envoys from six world powers at almaty talks .  negotiators have been waiting to hear iran 's response to a proposal from february .  world powers suspect iran 's nuclear program includes covert development of weapon .
 jurgen klinsmann : soccer offers u.s. kids route 'all the way to the top ' <sec> jurgen klinsmann insists soccer offers u.s. kids a route `` all the way to the top '' .  the german has coached the usmnt since 2011 .  klinsmann guided his adopted country to the second round of the 2014 world cup .  america 's major league soccer hopes to expand to 24 teams by 202 .
 high court reviews oklahoma lethal injection procedure - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the high court will review oklahoma 's lethal injection procedure .  the case stems from the execution of an inmate last year .  oklahoma has defended the procedur .
 a meal-by-meal guide to the big easy <sec> mother 's serves hearty breakfasts on the edge of the central business district .  parkway bakery & tavern is known for its po ' boy sandwiches .  chef john besh celebrates regional ingredients in french style at augus .
 2010 's only us giant panda cub born in atlanta zoo <sec> the cub was born at 5:39 a.m . .  et .  mother and cub are being continually monitored .  it 's the third cub for lun lun and yang yan .
 ronaldo knee operation 'went well ' <sec> ronaldo recovers in paris following surgery on his ruptured left knee tendons .  the surgeon who performed the two-hour operation said it went `` very well '' .  ronaldo sustained injury playing for ac milan against livorno on wednesda .
 latest developments in the royal baby watch <sec> a contingency plan is in place for catherine to give birth near her parents ' home , media report .  a royal source says catherine , the duchess of cambridge , is overdue .  the queen does n't mind if the baby 's a boy or a girl -- she just wants it to arrive soon .  bookies ' favorite baby names include alexandra , elizabeth , charlotte , george and jame .
 tendulkar makes history in india win <sec> india beat netherlands by five wickets to book their place in the quarterfinals .  sachin tendulkar becomes the first player to score 2,000 world cup runs .  tendulkar made his world cup debut in 1992 and he has played in six tournaments .  the win leaves india top of group a with seven points and assured of a last eight plac .
 sen. kirk : 'no frickin ' way am i retiring ' <sec> illinois gop sen. kirk says he 'll run for reelection in 2016 , despite previous health problems .  his seat will likely be a target for democrats looking to take back a seat in the blue state .  democratic rep. tammy duckworth is rumored to be considering a challeng .
 at least 2 more people die in german e. coli outbreak <sec> new : eu agrees to 210 million euros to compensate farmers .  the outbreak has killed 25 people , all but one of them in germany .  germany 's health minister says the rate of infection is falling .  bean sprouts are suspected of being the source but tests have not proven i .
 falling for bainbridge island <sec> the ferry ride from seattle to bainbridge island takes about 35 minutes .  winslow , the downtown shopping district , is a five-minute walk from the ferry terminal .  bloedel reserve offers 150-acres of trees , wildlife , ponds and garden .
 justin bieber had better slow down , neighbors say <sec> `` somebody 's going to beat him up , '' celebrity neighbor 's bodyguard says .  retired nfl star keyshawn johnson tried to talk to bieber at his home , johnson 's rep says .  sheriff 's deputies visited his home , but bieber refused to talk to them , too .  justin bieber 's rep has not responded to cnn calls for commen .
 vendors , plainclothesmen attack egyptian protesters <sec> dozens injured in hours-long clashes .  eyewitnesses accuse police of sparking the attack .  people angry about pace of change since mubarak stepped down .  massive protest called for this frida .
 angola president 's daughter 'africa 's first female billionaire ' <sec> daughter of angola 's president named by forbes as africa 's first female billionaire .  isabel dos santos has widespread business interests in angola and portugal .  angola is africa 's second-largest oil producer .  the country is one of the most unequal societies in the worl .
 box office report : 'the hobbit ' beats 'frozen ' with $ 29.9 million <sec> `` the hobbit '' sequel won the weekend box office .  `` frozen '' jumped 46.9 percent in its sixth weekend .  justin bieber 's concert doc `` believe '' was the lowest scoring wide-releas .
 no need to panic over european elections <sec> french and greeks reject their pro-austerity governments in elections .  kent hughes : america has a large stake in european prosperity .  he says that short-term austerity policies do not revive economic growth .  hughes : traders will benefit from market volatility , long-term investors will do fin .
 opinion : how the rnc will compete for the black vote <sec> orlando watson says republicans stepping up outreach to the black community .  national committee 's ad campaign is not enough , he says ; we 're doing much more .  watson says rnc is hiring black engagement state directors across the countr .
 twitter faces backlash over criado-perez rape tweets <sec> criado-perez successfully campaigned to have women pictured on uk banknotes .  a 21-year-old man arrested in manchester area on suspicion harassment against the campaigner .  twitter 's uk general manager tony wang urged users to report instances of abuse on the sit .
 di canio appointment prompts miliband to quit sunderland <sec> former british politician quits soccer club in protest at controversial appointment .  david miliband leaves sunderland after paolo di canio is named as manager .  italian is proud of his fascist beliefs and is an admirer of benito mussolini .  di canio 's views cost his former club swindon a key sponsorship dea .
 mcilroy minted after crooked stick win <sec> rory mcilroy wins bmw championship by two shots at crooked stick on sunday .  world no . .  1 triumphs for the third time in four starts , having earned more than $ 4.2 million .  he tops the fedex cup standings ahead of deciding tour championship this month .  mcilroy is one of five players who can win $ 10 million jackpot at east lak .
 120 bodies recovered after plane crash in pakistani capital <sec> new : comair said it operated the plane under the british airways brand from 1996 until late 2011 .  head of bhoja air ca n't leave pakistan without government approval .  at least 73 of the bodies have been identified , a hospital representative says .  the cause of the crash is under investigation , but poor weather may have been a facto .
 first rocky planet found outside solar system <sec> the planet , known as corot-7b , was detected early last year .  it took months to determine that it had a composition roughly similar to earth 's .  the planet is about five times more massive than earth .  astronomer : it is so close to the star it orbits that it may `` look like dante 's inferno .
 iran like nazi germany , israeli official says <sec> iran 's nuclear effort compared to nazi germany 's killing of jews .  israel 's vice prime minister speaks on holocaust remembrance day .  iran denies nuclear program has military purpose .
 slenderman case shows sentencing hypocrisy ( opinion ) <sec> two girls are accused of stabbing a friend to impress the fictional slenderman .  danny cevallos : children developmentally , constitutionally differen .
 new york city ferry crash leaves 85 injured <sec> new : the u.s. coast guard says 85 people were injured in the crash , 1 critically .  `` several people were thrown into the air and onto the ground , '' a passenger says .  the seastreak ferry travels between new jersey and pier 11 near wall stree .
 removing a justice of the peace in louisiana no cakewalk <sec> state statute does n't require justices of peace to perform marriage ceremonies .  power to oust justice of the peace rests with louisiana supreme court .  judiciary commission would make recommendations to the court .  supreme court spokeswoman valerie willard : `` it 's up to the judges .
 sons of ousted egyptian president on trial <sec> gamal and alaa mubarak are accused of insider trading .  prosecutors say they profited illegally from a 2007 bank sale .  the court refused a request to release the two on bail .  seven other people are also charged in the cas .
 hundreds killed in congo after oil tanker truck explodes <sec> new : un official says no members killed in blast .  230 killed , 190 injured in oil tanker explosion .  explosion happened friday , fire continued through saturday .  fire sparked by cigarette near leaked tanker fue .
 house passes 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' repeal <sec> new : reid warns republican stall tactics could prevent a repeal from passing .  president obama , defense secretary urge senate passage of the repeal bill .  republican sen. snowe announces her support of a repeal .  the house votes to repeal the `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' policy , sending it to the senat .
 nestle gains prompt share buyback <sec> nestle reported an 18.4 percent rise in net profit for h1 2007 to $ 4.1 billion .  sales rose 8.4 percent to $ 42 billion , organic sales growth was 7.4 percent .  nestle is moving closer to a possible sale of u.s.-listed company alco .
 is asia 's signature mode of transport set for an electric revolution ? <sec> auto rickshaws or tuk tuks are cheap mode of transit for people in asia .  they 're also seen as contributing to congestion and pollution .  expert says electric vehicles are becoming more popula .
