 police : pakistan militants target women on bus , then hospital <sec> polio workers shot dead on sunday in northwest pakistan .  female suicide bomber attacks bus with women on it , source tells cnn .  pakistani official thinks `` homegrown terrorists '' may be responsible .  officer dies in bombing of pakistan founder 's hom .
 opinion : paralympics brilliant but why were n't you watching ? <sec> paralympics showed stories of courage and thrilling athleticism , writes dave gilbert .  gilbert asks : where on earth was the united states of america in all this ? .  american citizens have missed fantastic endeavours of their athletes , he says .  exposure and debate can only improve way events are organized - gilber .
 nine things we missed during the shutdown - cnnpolitics.com <sec> americans are happy to have certain resources back after the government shutdown .  most-missed included national parks , museums , government data and health services .  what are you glad to have back ? .  add your thoughts in the comments belo .
 dna leads to suspect after 19 years , fbi says <sec> welder dennis earl bradford , 40 , arrested in little rock , arkansas .  jennifer schuett was grabbed from her bedroom and attacked at age 8 .  her throat was slashed , and she was left for dead .  advanced dna tests provided a break in the case ; dna was in clothin .
 review : 'chernobyl diaries ' <sec> `` chernobyl diaries '' follows six twentysomethings who visit the long abandoned town of pripyat .  our hero-victims are being menaced , and rapidly thinned out .  the result is superior to many of the low-budget terror flick .
 commentary : witness to history and horror <sec> deborah lipstadt : i was about to start lecture on holocaust denial when shots began .  she says we should be thankful for actions of slain security guard .  lipstadt : we have to be thankful for museum that teaches about hatred .  she says this week , the world was shown what hatred can produc .
 at fort hood : sounds of war , memories of a massacre <sec> a military hearing is underway at fort hood for the suspect in last year 's shootings on the base .  a prosecution parade of witnesses began last week .  most of the shooting victims were preparing for iraq or afghanistan when they were hi .
 anderson cooper free dives with great white sharks in south africa <sec> anderson cooper went free diving with great white sharks in south africa .  before entering bloody water , guide advised cooper to `` project confidence '' .  cooper : shark dive was `` among the most remarkable experiences of my life .
 wembley surface to be dug-up immediately <sec> the controversial pitch at the new wembley stadium to be dug up immediately .  pitch has received widespread criticism since the stadium reopened in 2007 .  the number of non-footballing events at the stadium has taken toll on surfac .
 u.s. navy rescues 282 apparent migrants in mediterranean <sec> an italian patrol aircraft sights six boats , one sinking .  two u.s. navy ships rescue a total of 282 people .  five of the rescued are evacuated to nearby malta .  african migrants often pack unseaworthy boats to reach europ .
 opinion : do n't gut nasa space missions <sec> nasa budget may force premature cancellation of either curiosity or cassini .  janet vertesi : the cuts not only hurt scientists , but also our leadership in stem .  vertesi : do we really want to put someone like nasa 's famous `` mohawk guy '' out of a job ? .  she says if we end the cassini or the curiosity mission , it would be a national crisi .
 care lawyer : niger felt like 'hunger games ' on steroids <sec> kent alexander launched hands on atlanta in 1989 and had seen poverty before .  but niger 's suffering was shocking .  the care lawyer visited parched villages where people are going hungry .  the united nations fears the sahel region is moving towards famin .
 daughter tracks down suspect 26 years after dad 's killing <sec> her family 's tragedy started in november 1986 .  her father , jose martinez , had an altercation with customers at his restaurant .  one of the customers , then 16-year-old justo santos , allegedly produced a firearm and killed hi .
 sources : 15 days after benghazi attack , fbi still investigating from afar <sec> cnn 's townsend : fbi agents are in tripoli , waiting for approval to go to benghazi .  `` bureaucratic infighting '' has complicated the investigation , she says .  the crime scene in benghazi has not been secured , townsend says .  source : `` if we get there now , it 's not clear it will be of any use to us .
 screen actors guild to ask for strike after talks collapse <sec> new : producers say sag is asking members to `` bail out '' failed talks with strike vote .  screen actors guild and producers union talks break off .  alliance of motion picture and television producers contract expired june 30 .  key issue is compensation for work distributed via new medi .
 'at peace ' in war : a former u.s. soldier battles isis <sec> jordan matson , a former u.s. army solider , is fighting against isis .  he was never in combat during two years in the u.s. military .  `` civilian life just was n't for me , '' he says .  u.s. law enforcement officials say it 's illegal for an american to join a syrian militi .
 canadian family fights to move baby on life support to u.s . <sec> canadian family does n't want to take 13-month-old son off life support .  doctors in canada say the baby is in a persistent vegetative state ; family disagrees .  moe and sana maraachli say they 've tried to get their son into a u.s. hospital .  situation has caught attention of the terri schiavo life & hope networ .
 vettel on pole again after mexican 's horror monaco crash <sec> sergio perez 's crash disrupts final qualifying session for monaco grand prix .  mexican rookie driver likely to miss sunday 's race after suffering concussion .  sebastian vettel will start from first on grid after setting fastest time before accident .  his rival lewis hamilton was unable to post a top time when racing resume .
 hitler 's student sketches up for sale <sec> the 12 sketches date from when adolf hitler was trying to get into art school .  all the sketches are signed and some even have hitler 's vienna address .  they 're expected to bring between $ 6,100 and $ 9,100 each at auction .  drawings all date from around 1908 and 1909 , when hitler was a `` penniless dropout .
 pope out of hospital , in a cast , after breaking wrist <sec> pope benedict xvi briefly hospitalized after breaking wrist in fall .  the pope , 82 , fell thursday night in his room at mountain retreat .  he went to hospital friday after celebrating his daily private mas .
 university of virginia athlete charged in lacrosse player 's death <sec> yeardley love , member of virginia 's women 's lacrosse team , found dead in apartment .  george huguely , member of school 's men 's lacrosse team , charged with murder .  police interviewing friends to determine what relationship between love , huguely was .  the lastest on the investigaton on tonight 's `` nancy grace '' , hln 8 p.m. e .
 second polar bear twin dies in germany <sec> baby polar bear dies less than a week after its twin in german zoo .  bears were born three weeks ago to mother vera .  they were siblings to bear named flocke , who became a celebrity in german .
 english gets millionth word on wednesday , site says <sec> web site estimates english got its millionth word at 5:22 a.m. wednesday .  english accumulates new words from other languages and from its global reach .  linguists question group 's formula , which estimates rate of new words .  english has more words than any other language , site say .
 u.s. backs space station through 2024 <sec> obama administration extends support for the iss for another decade .  station `` offers enormous scientific and societal benefits , '' officials say .  iss currently houses a crew of six , including two american .
 wrestling , archery and horse-racing : mongolia 's 'three manly games ' <sec> naadam is mongolia 's annual sporting competition celebrated each year on the country 's independence day . .  wrestling , archery and horse racing events take places across the country .  `` naadam '' means `` celebration '' and `` games '' in mongolia .
 for mackenzie phillips , drugs overshadowed promising career <sec> mackenzie phillips believes she had `` genetic predisposition '' to substance abuse .  dad showed her how to roll joint when she was 10 , she tells `` today '' show .  drug abuse forced her out of role on successful cbs sitcom `` one day at a time '' .  watch mackenzie phillips on larry king live , wednesday 9 p.m. e .
 lbj 's daughter luci hospitalized <sec> spokesman : johnson first was admitted to a texas hospital on wednesday .  doctors believed she may have an autoimmune disorder affecting the nervous system .  she was sent to the mayo clinic in minnesota for treatment , tom johnson said .  cnn health library : guillain-barre syndrom .
 haiti aid efforts hindered in critical hours <sec> new : medical personnel exit makeshift hospital on u.n. officials ' orders .  bottleneck at port-au-prince airport among problems relief agencies face in haiti .  uss carl vinson brings helicopters , hospital beds and operating rooms .  defense chief rejects criticism that u.s. responded too slowly to crisi .
 iran media : council rejects claims of voting irregularities <sec> new : iran 's press tv : council acknowledges excessive balloting in 50 cities .  amateur video purportedly shows protesters in tehran for eighth straight day .  rift between iranian leaders seems to be growing .  on web site , purported message from moussavi supports protests , urges cautio .
 st. francis of assisi : 'a great , great figure in the church ' <sec> st. francis of assisi is a patron saint of italy and founder of brown-robed franciscans .  `` who does n't know francis of assisi , '' vatican spokesman says .  st. francis `` was also rightly spoken of as 'another jesus christ , ' '' pope pius xi said .  he renounced the inheritance of his rich cloth merchant fathe .
 parents : ohio state player said he had concussions <sec> new : kosta karageorge complained about concussions , according to a police report .  karageorge has n't been heard from since wednesday , according to his family .  the 23-year-old missed practice on wednesday .  police say they 're still treating this case as a missing persons repor .
 north korea tells china it regrets killings by defector <sec> north korea voices regret over killing of four chinese citizens by army deserter .  china had lodged a diplomatic complaint to pyongyang .  a dprk soldier shot four after a robbery attempt near the border in late decembe .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> mme travels along the new silk road and looks at the economies of the middle east .  the gulf plays an integral part in the new silk road .  the expanding reach of middle eastern airlines is putting them at the forefront of international trade and busines .
 can erdogan revitalize turkey 's economic fortunes ? <sec> recep tayyip erdogan sworn in as new president of turkey .  erdogan was elected as the country 's prime minister three times between 2003 and 2014 .  the country 's growth has stalled in recent years and ratings agencies have warned of political and social unres .
 iraqi player loses work permit bid <sec> star iraqi player nashat akram is refused a work permit for united kingdom .  nashat was poised to sign for sven-goran eriksson 's manchester city side .  british home secretary jacqui smith is being asked to intervene in the cas .
 sudanese plane hijacked to libya <sec> passengers include officials from darfur 's interim government , reporter says .  sudanese plane hijacked shortly after taking off from darfur region .  almost 100 passengers and crew were aboard plane .  it is n't known whether hijacking is related to government gunfight with refugee .
 court suspends texas judge taped beating daughter <sec> judge can have supervised visitation with younger daughter .  another court order suspends judge william adams .  the judge was roundly criticized when a video of him beating his daughter with a belt surfaced .  the judge has defended his actions from vide .
 same-sex marriage clears final hurdle in uk house of commons <sec> new : the house of commons approves amendments to the bill .  the legislation cleared the house of lords on monday .  `` my life and the lives of many others will be better today than they were yesterday , '' says lord .  the issue of same-sex marriage has exposed division within the conservative part .
 quest : california feels the bite of austerity europe <sec> cnn 's richard quest has arrived in san francisco , where he will meet former mayor willie brown .  this is a beautiful city but the state of california is in a financial mess .  whoever is voted president must watch the trends coming from this state closely .  the state is in times of austerity -- reflecting what is happening in the eurozon .
 france and african union decry coup in niger <sec> france , african union condemn `` unconstitutional '' coup in niger .  niger military official thursday announced suspension of all institutions .  president mamadou tandja is said to be detained in a military camp .  gunshots heard around niger 's presidential palace thursda .
 pipeline leak brings crude reality to arkansas <sec> oil spills into a mayflower , arkansas , subdivision from a gash in the pipeline .  families evacuate about two dozen homes as oil crawls through yards and down streets .  residents complain about the uncertainty of when they can go home .  the pipeline carries canadian crude from patoka , illinois , to nederland , texa .
 roger federer to put new baby ahead of french open <sec> roger federer says he could skip french open for birth of new baby .  `` it 's a priority for me to be there , '' said the 32-year-old .  federer has played in record 57 straight grand slam tournaments .  organizers of may 's french open have raised prize money by 10 .
 soccer legend pele improving , still in intensive care <sec> soccer star pele will be re-evaluated monday to see if he needs to go back on dialysis .  he went to a hospital in sao paulo , brazil , last week for a urinary tract infection .  the hospital says the 74-year-old is getting better as he 's being treated in the icu .  pele is a three-time world cup champion and shared player of the century awar .
 box office report : 'paranormal activity 4 ' possesses top spot with $ 30.2 million <sec> `` paranormal activity 4 '' led the box office but earned less than the last film .  the picture fell by 38 percent from friday to saturday .  the ben affleck-directed spy thriller `` argo '' came in secon .
 regular marijuana use on the rise , survey says <sec> about 7.3 % of americans age 12 or older used marijuana regularly in 2012 , survey finds .  marijuana is legal in two states , while 20 more allow medical use .  heroin use is up 70 % since 2007 , according to the surve .
 sources : drone strikes in yemen kill 6 , including senior aqap leaders <sec> two of the six militants were senior leaders for al qaeda in the arabian peninsula .  eight missiles were launched by two unmanned drone planes .  there had been a flurry of drone strikes a few weeks ag .
 police : no evidence temple shooter left message indicating plans <sec> new : prayer vigil held in oak creek .  wade michael page was not subject of fbi probe , law enforcement official says .  police have n't found any message , writings left by page .  researcher says page told him about identifying with neo-nazi .
 isis ' japanese hostages receive mixed sympathy at home <sec> hostage kenji goto 's mother 's decision to apologize for inconvenience caused by her son not unusual in japan .  many japanese people have made a distinction between goto and fellow hostage haruna yukawa .  previous hostages have been treated with indifference upon their return home to japa .
 september 11 memorial debuts in new york <sec> general public returns to the world trade center to memorial plaza .  7,000 visitors from 46 states , 30-plus countries are expected this week .  time-reserved passes are available free on the memorial 's websit .
 father claims connecticut shooter adam lanza 's body <sec> new : peter lanza has claimed adam lanza 's body , a family spokesman says .  new : the spokesman says the body was claimed thursday .  police say lanza , 20 , killed his mother and then opened fire in a connecticut elementary school .  he killed 20 children and six staff members at the school before killing himself , police sa .
 washington landslide : in oso , obama vows government support <sec> new : president barack obama says laudable response shows `` what america is all about '' .  he promises locals that `` we 'll be here as long as it takes '' .  obama tours the area and meets with rescue crews and victims ' relatives .  the death toll from the march 22 landslide stands at 41 , authorities sa .
 ivory coast set to gamble on drogba against brazil <sec> sven-goran eriksson says he could start with didier drogba against brazil .  ivory coast captain drogba fractured his arm in a pre-world cup friendly .  drogba played 25 minutes of his side 's 0-0 opening draw against portugal .  fabio capello will not say if he is to play goalkeeper robert green against algeri .
 chavez , capriles enter home stretch in venezuelan presidential race <sec> hugo chavez is running on his 13-year record as venezuela 's president .  but chavez is acknowledging that there 's room for improvement , analysts say .  henrique capriles is the opposition candidate who also favors a social agenda .  capriles is also seeking government efficiencies and infrastructure improvement .
 warnings of quagmire in syria as u.s. contemplates military response <sec> obama : u.s. concludes `` the syrian government '' carried out chemical attacks .  he tells `` pbs newshour '' that he 's `` not made a decision '' about military action in syria .  nato echoes washington 's assessment that the attack poses a security threat .  mccain wants robust action ; others warn of an escalating , open-ended conflic .
 french striker giroud agrees to join arsenal <sec> france striker olivier giroud to play in english premier league for arsenal .  chambery-born forward scored 21 goals in 36 league games for montpellier last season .  giroud came on as a substitute three times for france during euro 2012 .  frenchman 's previous clubs include grenoble , istres and tour .
 chernobyl 's 25-year shadow <sec> ukrainian city remains a ghost town 25 years after chernobyl .  tourists are now allowed into the exclusion zone .  estimates of the disaster 's death toll vary widely .  mikhail gorbachev says the disaster contributed to the soviet collaps .
 new particle fits description of elusive higgs boson , scientists say <sec> finding the higgs boson would help explain the origin of mass .  `` we have reached a milestone in our understanding of nature , '' scientist says .  the announcement is based on data from the large hadron collider .  researchers stress the preliminary nature of the result .
 few clues in search for missing brown university student <sec> sunil tripathi , 22 , was last seen on march 16 .  he was on approved leave from the school in providence , rhode island .  family : `` we miss his warm smile and generous gentle spirit .
 etihad 's new challenge : fixing loss-making alitalia <sec> abu dhabi carrier etihad agreed to a 49 % stake in italian loss-making airline alitalia .  it is the biggest foreign stake of a european carrier , taking it to the limit set by eu .  italian officials have indicated that alitalia is losing about $ 1.6 million a da .
 venezuelan officials : reports of indigenous massacre false <sec> new : investigators did n't visit the site of the alleged attack , indigenous groups say .  a top venezuelan official says there is 'no evidence of any deaths ' .  it 's too early to deny a massacre took place , activists say .  indigenous groups say only three survivors have been found from a community of about 8 .
 disney vows action after report of rich hiring disabled to skip lines <sec> disney will `` thoroughly review the situation , '' a spokesman says .  `` black-market guides '' cost $ 130 an hour , the new york post reported .  many are incensed by the idea , but some readers defend the alleged practice .  researcher says the wealthy found it a cheaper , better way to skip line .
 australia 'megafire ' possible outside sydney , officials fear <sec> officials worry about smoke cloud over sydney , lack of rain in area .  fourteen out of 62 bush fires in new south wales are out of control , officials say .  more than 116,167 hectares ( 287,000 acres ) of land has been burned .  two boys , age 11 and 15 , are arrested over two fires north of sydney last wee .
 ron paul blasts lawmakers who support war with isis <sec> ron paul slams `` bipartisan support '' in washington for war against isis .  his son , rand paul , has said he would vote for air strikes .  however , rand paul did not vote this week for another part of the plan to fight isi .
 surprising dangers for pets during the holidays <sec> holiday food items and exotic plants can be toxic for your pets .  grapes , raisins and macadamia nuts are dangerous for dogs .  mistletoe , holly and amaryllis bulbs should be kept out of reach of pets .  the aspca has a national animal poison control cente .
