 teen set for record-breaking pole attempt <sec> parker liautaud hopes to become the youngest person to ski to the north pole .  liautaud hopes to raise awareness about environment among young people .  the 15-year old will be led by experienced adventurer and environmentalist doug stou .
 national enquirer apologizes over hoffman 'gay lover ' story <sec> new : national enquirer apologizes for story in new york times ad .  tabloid claimed playwright was actor philip seymour hoffman 's lover .  david bar katz says he was stunned by the account .  he will use settlement proceeds to set up an award for playwright .
 china says india is a 'partner , not rival ' after missile launch <sec> china downplayed india 's successful missile launch this week .  foreign ministry official : `` we are not rivals but cooperation partners '' .  rocket has a range that could strike as far away as shangha .
 mexican wrestling star hijo del perro aguayo dies after kick in ring <sec> pro wrestler hijo del perro aguayo collapses in the ring after being kicked .  doctors were unable to revive him ; he died at the age of 35 .  `` mexican lucha libre is in mourning , '' wrestling promotion company say .
 obamas plant organic kitchen garden at white house <sec> garden will be first working food garden at white house since wwii .  michelle obama , washington schoolchildren help dig garden .  president 's mother-in-law says family hopes garden sets example for other families .  garden will include seasonal vegetables and various herb .
 tsa behavior detection officers will be retrained after profiling complaints <sec> tsa to retrain behavior detection officers after allegations of racial profiling .  online refresher course mandated .  workers in boston , detroit will get classroom trainin .
 militants hang 8-year-old boy in southern afghanistan <sec> the boy 's father , a police officer , refused to provide militants with a police vehicle .  the boy was kidnapped friday .  the capital of helmand province was transferred to local control last wee .
 protesters gather for fourth straight day in romania <sec> protesters gather in bucharest and 18 other romanian cities .  it was the fourth day of protests against government austerity measures .  clashes between police and protesters left 17 injured saturday in bucharest .  the demonstrations are the largest against president basescu since his 2004 electio .
 florida sergeant fired for having trayvon martin shooting targets <sec> a port canaveral police sergeant has paper hoodie shooting targets in his police car .  he offers the so-called trayvon martin targets to two other officers , who say no .  sergeant is fired after an internal investigation .  `` it is absolutely reprehensible , '' martin family attorney say .
 ex-blackwater guards charged with manslaughter <sec> a 35-count indictment charges each of five former guards .  ex-guards from blackwater worldwide surrender to authorities in utah .  a sixth blackwater guard has pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter .  ex-guards are charged in 2007 shootings that killed 17 iraqi .
 taylor swift goes crazy in 'blank space ' video <sec> swift plays an unhinged version of herself in her latest video .  there 's an accompanying `` blank space '' app available for download .  the director says she wanted to address criticism about her relationship .
 taliban spokesman disputes claim that leader mullah omar is dead <sec> the taliban says their phones and website were hacked , and mullah omar is still alive .  in may , another rumor of omar 's death surfaced ; the taliban have denied that claim .  the reclusive leader refuses to be photographed .  he rarely travels and does not give interview .
 soulja boy busted for pot , gun charges <sec> new : soulja boy posts $ 10,000 bond tuesday afternoon .  the rapper , whose real name is deandre cortez way , faces three felony charges .  a temple , georgia , police officer stopped soulja boy and four others on a routine traffic sto .
 farc to release last government hostages starting monday <sec> the farc announced in february that it would release 10 hostages .  the 10 are the last of the goverment hostages held by farc .  monday and wednesday have been set as the dates for their release .  farc still has an unknown number of civilian captive .
 revealed : disgraced tv star 's charm offensive with ex-pm margaret thatcher <sec> hand-written letter from uk national arhives shows jimmy savile 's admiration for margaret thatcher .  savile asked thatcher if the government would consider a grant for the hospital as `` goodwill gesture '' .  national archives papers also show that the uk 's former prime minister was surprised by the invasion of the falkland islands .  `` it was such a stupid thing to do , '' thatcher told a falklands war review committe .
 texas parents agree not to pressure teen to have abortion <sec> new : girl 's boyfriend tells cnn they never considered an abortion .  parents say they wo n't push their 16-year-old daughter to undergo an abortion .  restraining order filed against parents alleges parents threatened teen .  an attorney not involved in case says girl 's lawyer did n't do enough to protect her identit .
 brazil 's president warns protesters against violence <sec> new : president dilma rousseff says she will meet with protest leaders .  new : in a televised address , she warned she will not tolerate violence .  rousseff held an emergency meeting with her cabine .
 cousin tells of filipino maid 's horrific burns <sec> the cousin who posted the pictures says he did n't know what to do .  the maid claims her saudi boss 's mother poured boiling water on her .  the photos sparked outrage on social medi .
 must gay sex on tv always be safe ? ( opinion ) <sec> gay characters on `` how to get away with murder '' do n't appear to use condoms .  with aids still present , should tv send better message ? .  lz granderson asks .  actor jack falahaee says that the same standard is n't there for heterosexuals .  granderson : having a gay tv character talk about safe sex could help change attitude .
 what is virginity worth today ? <sec> natalie dylan has put her virginity up for auction ; says top bid is $ 3.8 million .  idea that virginity has high value not new , professor says .  men and women have different standards for losing virginity , some say .  others say there 's just too much hype around virginit .
 serena to face sharapova at wimbledon <sec> defending champion serena williams cruises into the fourth round at wimbledon .  world no . .  1 will next play maria sharapova , who beat her in the 2004 final .  third seed caroline wozniacki also progresses into last 16 of grass-court grand slam .  italian 10th seed flavia pennetta and no . .  14 victoria azarenka of belarus crash ou .
 boy george denied u.s. visa <sec> 48-year-old boy george on trial in london in november .  performer faces charges of false imprisonment relating to 2007 incident .  george is free on unconditional bail and is not barred from traveling .  due to play series of u.s. club dates in july and augus .
 milan 's paloschi switches to parma <sec> alberto paloschi is moving from milan to parma in a co-ownership deal .  the 18-year-old scored with his first touch in his milan debut in february .  lyon are interested in signing milan right-back massimo odd .
 pakistan 's voters to go to polls amid growing tension <sec> pakistanis go to polls saturday to elect key players in world 's most complex region .  pakistan famously dubbed by some as world 's most unstable nuclear power .  the election will be the country 's first civilian-to-civilian transfer of power .  the governing ppp is the first government to complete a five-year ter .
 human rights watch : syrian rebel fighters guilty of serious abuses <sec> opposition fighters committed serious abuses in alawite villages , rights group says .  human rights watch says it has evidence that attacks killed at least 190 civilians .  syrian coalition condemns alleged abuses , says they 're not the `` true syrian opposition '' .  syria 's civil war has drawn in groups linked to al qaeda as well as more moderate group .
 bringing rhinos back to uganda , one calf at a time <sec> a wildlife sanctuary is bringing rhinos back to uganda .  the country lost its last indigenous rhinos in 1982 .  there are now 15 animals in the sanctuary , closely guarded by park rangers .  other species , including plants , are at risk in the countr .
 six political lessons of 2012 <sec> julian zelizer : 2012 was a year of bitter domestic battles , turbulence overseas .  he says the weakness of gop , renewed strength of liberalism were apparent .  zelizer says the year also highlighted the influence of new immigrants in america .  zelizer : year ended with a tragic reminder about need to act on gun contro .
 dam bursts after more rain in northern brazil <sec> break occurred late wednesday afternoon blamed on heavy rains in state of ceara .  steady rain has flooded communities across 10 states since early april .  flooding killed dozens of people and forced nearly 800,000 from their home .
 the little black dress of fitness <sec> fitness industry constantly coming up with tricks to get more of us off the couch .  p90x has earned $ 420 million in sales for beachbody since 2005 .  jazzercise began in 1969 and classes are still popular across the worl .
 casualties of the credit boom <sec> global warning signs that an era of prosperity is over .  debt has now become the main worry of uk citizens .  fears that culture of consumption creates a `` debt trap .
 opinion : how about health care for thanksgiving ? <sec> bob greene : in politics , to take something on faith is to believe it is `` on the legit '' .  it 's another way of saying : suckers . .  people thought health reform was on the legit , he says .  he says at thanksgiving , politicians should recall who gets left out in health care bickering .  greene : it 's the people who ca n't afford health care , but believed things would change for bette .
 commentary : 5 reasons gop will rebound <sec> john feehery : the republican party is struggling , but is n't dead .  he says there are five good reasons to think the gop will bounce back .  u.s. system is designed to provide checks on the majority party , he says .  republicans are in position for creative thinking about ideas , feehery say .
 biography : robert richards <sec> as a boy , richards was inspired by the moon landings and science fiction .  but his childhood expectations failed to be realized as the space race cooled .  now richards and the newspace movement have renewed interest in space .  richards is aiming for the moon -- and confesses mars is tempting .. .
 star-gazing in 'nature inspired ' airliners of 2050 <sec> airbus : transparent fuselage , eco-friendly design the future of airliners .  european giant unveiled concept cabin ahead of `` le bourget '' paris air show .  airbus says concept cabin is `` inspired by nature '' and will be 100 % recyclabl .
 prosecutor : recruiter loses job , then wounds 3 national guard members <sec> prosecutor : amos patton was relieved of duty for unspecified misconduct .  he went to his car and returned with a gun , firing and wounding three .  patton ran , then was subdued ; he is charged with two counts .  the incident occurred on a national guard facility on navy property in tennesse .
 new lawmakers start first day of school <sec> new lawmakers are on capitol hill .  they 'll spend several days learning about congres .
 civil rights leader rev . fred shuttlesworth dies at 89 <sec> the rev . .  fred shuttlesworth was a leader in the fight against segregation .  martin luther king jr. called him `` most courageous civil rights fighter in the south '' .  president clinton gave him a citizens medal in 2001 for his leadership .  he was beaten with chains and injured by water from a fire hose ; his home was firebombe .
 supreme court allows nsa to continue looking at telephone records - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a privacy group argues a secret federal court 's ok of nsa snooping was improper .  supreme court sidesteps the attempt to cut off nsa access to phone records .  the justice department urged the high court to stay out of the current fight .  the privacy group has the option of going back to lower court .
 feedly adds web version in new bid for google reader users <sec> google reader will be shut down july 1 .  feedly makes a bid to inherit more google reader fans .  the feedly app has tripled to 12 million users since marc .
 cnn student news - june 6 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student new .
 in post-presidency , clinton shows no signs of slowing down <sec> new : kim jong il pardons two u.s. journalists , state-run news agency kcna says .  bill clinton has focused on philanthropic interests in post-presidency .  clinton has stayed involved in politics , sparking controversy in wife 's 2008 campaign .  clinton also has authored books , teamed up for charity with george h.w . .  bus .
 move over uncle tiger : cheyenne woods wins first major tour event <sec> tiger woods ' niece wins first major tour title .  23-year-old cheyenne woods claims australian ladies masters by two strokes .  `` this is a huge accomplishment for me , '' woods says following win .  tiger woods tweets : `` a great win and accomplishment . .  i 'm so proud of you .
 japan 's nishikori makes history at australian open <sec> kei nishikori becomes first japanese man in 80 years to reach australian open last eight .  the 24th seed registers a shock win against french sixth seed jo-wilfried tsonga .  he next plays fourth seed andy murray , who advances as mikhail kukushkin retires injured .  top seed novak djokovic also through with win against australia 's lleyton hewit .
 reports : cancún police chief questioned in general 's killing <sec> mexican media says local chief put under house arrest for 45 days .  with francisco velasco delgado 's removal , military takes control of police .  mayor : delgado 's detainment to `` facilitate all types of investigations '' into murder .  retired general killed after being area 's anti-drug chief for less than 24 hour .
 obamacare navigators help patients sign up for health insurance <sec> $ 67 million allocated to pay for training , certification of obamacare patient navigators .  navigators help people sign up for health insurance by walking them through options .  poll shows 67 % of uninsured under 65 do n't understand how aca could affect the .
 chicago school had draft 'breakfast club ' script <sec> `` the breakfast club '' script was found in a high school filing cabinet 30 years later .  school officials hope to display the draft scrip .
 prosecutor asks for charges against france 's jacques chirac to be dropped <sec> chirac was accused of embezzling funds from the city of paris while mayor .  nine others were accused of corruption .  the judge has yet to deliver a verdict in the case .  chirac has always denied wrongdoing while mayo .
 egypt 's military must stop torturing detainees <sec> on the eve of egypt 's presidential elections , protesters clashed with the military .  cynthia schneider and khaled abol naga : military abuses those arrested and detained .  they say ruling military council 's widespread use of detention and trials has no precedent .  egypt 's new president should uphold justice and release innocent detainees , they sa .
 mother of isis hostage kassig appeals for response <sec> paula kassig asks isis to respond to the family 's plea for her son 's life .  `` please tell us what more we can do , '' she says via twitter .  her son converted to islam in captivity and took the name abdul rahman kassig .  he was threatened at the end of a video showing the killing of uk hostage alan hennin .
 torture tape central to lawsuit against uae sheikh <sec> former business partner of sheikh issa of abu dhabi suing royal .  bassam nabulsi 's tape shows sheikh severely torturing grain merchant .  nabulsi , of houston , says he himself was tortured in jail , sheikh owes him $ 80m .  u.s. senior officials say case is holding up a u.s. nuclear deal with the ua .
 minnesota men charged in somali recruiting <sec> two defendants were mere `` foot soldiers , '' their legal advocate says .  two charged with conspiracy , providing material support to terrorists .  fbi investigating somali militants ' recruiting effort in immigrant communities in u.s . .  the militant group in africa has ties to al qaed .
 plan would pay japanese families to have kids <sec> new ruling party proposes to pay parents about $ 3,400 a year per child .  democratic party of japan came to power this week in elections .  plan is an effort to boost japan 's birthrate , one of the world 's lowest .  critics say plan would n't fix problem of too few day care center .
 ferguson prosecutor 's icy tone fanned flames ( opinion ) <sec> jeffrey toobin says prosecutor 's choice to announce grand jury decision at night was clueless .  he says deliberations ended at lunchtime , announcing at night was needlessly provocative .  crowd control harder at night . .  plus mcculloch 's tone was icy , insensitive , divisive , he says .  toobin : violence ensued . .  verdict on mcculloch 's decision on timing is clear , devastatin .
 teen put on heart transplant list after earlier denial <sec> new : teen told he will wait about 3 to 4 months for a new heart , family friend says .  a 15-year-old in georgia initially told he could n't be on heart transplant list .  his family learned this week he 's being put on the transplant list .  original hospital letter to family said teen denied due to `` history of noncompliance .
 facebook 's mobile app dominated in 2012 <sec> facebook had the most popular mobile app for android and ios combined in 2012 .  google maps was in second place followed by five other google apps .  facebook had highest levels of engagement , with 23 % of app time spent in the ap .
 china kills 13,000 birds to control 'epidemic ' <sec> china kills 13,000 birds in northwest to control what it calls an epidemic of bird flu .  500 fowl that died in xinjiang uygur autonomous region tested positive for h5n1 .  in late january , china confirmed its sixth case of bird flu in a human .  the virus has killed more than 200 people since 200 .
 cameroon knocked out as denmark win puts dutch into second round <sec> netherlands become the first team to reach second round of the world cup in south africa .  denmark beat cameroon 2-1 to eliminate the africans and put the dutch into knockout stage .  netherlands earlier claimed second win in group e , beating japan 1-0 in in durban .  denmark and japan will battle for second place in group in thursday 's final matc .
 stolen 1965 volkswagen van recovered after 35 years <sec> van stolen in spokane found in los angeles shipping container .  customs checks vin , finds van was stolen from an auto shop in 1974 .  van now worth about $ 27,000 ; insurance company is owne .
 bill clinton : charity saving aids orphans <sec> cnn 's anna coren interviews former u.s. president bill clinton during his southeast asia trip .  clinton visits children at an aids orphanage in vietnam .  he learns some mh17 victims were due to attend an aids conference at which he 'll speak .  coren asks clinton about the gaza conflict , the rise of china and america 's isolationist polic .
 3 killed in suicide explosion in afghanistan <sec> three british nationals were wounded in the attack , an official says .  a suicide bomber in a car caused the blast , a governor 's spokesman says .  president karzai condemns the attac .
 michael jackson 's 'xscape ' : what 's the verdict ? <sec> michael jackson 's posthumous album `` xscape '' arrived tuesday .  fans have been anticipating the disc , which features eight never-before-heard songs .  critics have been generally pleased with the material .  the main drawback has been the subject matter and lack of coherenc .
 legendary punk rock producer kim fowley dead at 75 <sec> kim fowley is perhaps best know for his work with `` the runaways '' .  joan jett left the band and went onto success with her band `` the blackhearts .
 howie mandel : 'we do n't take care of our mental health ' <sec> howie mandel has ocd , adhd and depression .  mandel wants mental health resources available for children .  he says taking care of mental health should be as routine as for physical healt .
 t.i . tweets 'da sun back out ' as he steps out of prison <sec> new : vh-1 announces new series about t.i . .  's post-prison life .  rapper t.i . .  is free 10 months after starting his second prison term .  the hip hop artist must finish his sentence in a half-way house .  t.i. , whose real name is clifford harris , violated his parole on a gun conviction last yea .
