 at coachella , the killers rock , celebs sighted <sec> 46 acts perform on 5 stages at empire polo club near palm springs , california .  massive art installations of scrap metal and wood shelter people from heat .  the killers enjoy backstage compound with picket fence , tablecloths , festive lights .  killers frontman brandon flowers has crowd singing the along to new hit , `` human .
 somali islamic party joins more hard-line group <sec> militant party says it is joining with al shabaab .  the party , known locally as hiz bul islam , is being absorbed by harder-lined group .  the party had been on the losing side in struggles with al shabaa .
 divers stumble across israel 's biggest ever discovery of gold coins <sec> nearly 2,000 gold coins had sat at the bottom of the sea for around 1,000 years .  divers exploring the ancient harbor of caesarea came across the treasure .  most of the coins are from the fatimid caliphate that once ruled parts of the regio .
 nadal and federer reach madrid semis <sec> top two seeds roger federer and rafael nadal reach madrid masters semis .  federer defeats ernests gulbis in three sets while nadal sees off gael monfils .  federer 's win over gulbis avenged his defeat at the hands of the latvian in rom .
 dettori to go freelance in 2013 <sec> jockey frankie dettori leaves goldolphin stable after 18 years .  the italian could continue to race for the stable on a freelance basis .  godolphin owned by sheik mohammed bin rashid al maktoum .  dettori is perhaps most famous for winning seven races in a day in 199 .
 blizzard buries denver , barrels east to plains <sec> new : denver gets over 8 inches of snow , but worst appears to be over .  new : flight delays at denver 's airport averaged over 4 hours on sunday night .  parts of several plains states could be hit hard by heavy snow , high winds monday .  flash flood watches are in effect in parts of five southeastern state .
 ferguson shooting spurs sharing of 'the talk ' <sec> ferguson shooting prompts # igotthetalk trend .  minorities on social media share being told how to behave with police .  eighteen-year-old michael brown was killed by police while unarmed .  authorities say shooting came after a convenience-store robber .
 why i wo n't be quitting facebook <sec> omar gallaga : facebook is where i get important glimpses into 1,365 `` friends '' .  everything i post to twitter or google+ also ends up on facebook , gallaga says .  if something ever surpasses facebook , it may be a mobile app , gallaga say .
 mcilroy faces westwood in wgc semis as battle for no . 1 heats up <sec> world no.2 rory mcilroy to play third-ranked lee westwood in world match play semifinals .  the winner will depose luke donald at the top of the world rankings if they can also win the title .  the u.s. will have a shot at the title for the first time since tiger woods won it in 2008 .  u.s. ryder cup player hunter mahan will play compatriot mark wilson in the other semifinal in arizon .
 saving the sound of the middle east <sec> the guitar-like oud is used widely in middle eastern music .  only a handful of traditional oud makers still work in cairo .  performer and composer naseer shamma runs oud music schools in three countrie .
 uk leaders try to resolve political uncertainty <sec> no party won a clear majority in british election , resulting in hung parliament .  new : liberal democrat leader nick clegg speaks to protesters .  liberal democrats plan to meet with the conservative party sunday .  conservatives refuse to give a timeframe on any dea .
 first stage of afghan security handover begins <sec> bamiyan province is the first province to transfer security responsibilities .  there are some 150,000 coalition service members in afghanistan .  a full nato drawdown is expected by the end of 201 .
 broadway to dim in honor of composer marvin hamlisch ; dead at 68 <sec> new : broadway 's lights will dim on wednesday at 8 p.m. in tribute to hamlisch .  on broadway , he wrote music for the pulitzer prize-winning show `` a chorus line '' .  hamlisch died monday in his home in los angeles , his agent said .  `` music is truly an international language , '' hamlisch sai .
 drogba joins china 's foreign legion <sec> former chelsea forward didier drogba will join shanghai shenhua next season .  chinese tycoons are spending big on foreign coaches and players .  football is considered the number one spectator sport in china .  however support is waning due to corruption scandals , poor performanc .
 flu leads to texas teen 's death <sec> 17-year-old max schwolert died on december 29 .  max had to be helicoptered to regions hospital in st. paul , minnesota .  flu led to a staph bacterial infection that soon led to septic shoc .
 fda oks meat , milk from most cloned animals <sec> sheep meat , milk need more research , fda says .  heated debate has raged for years over use of cloned animals for food production .  products from cloned animals wo n't be labeled .  food products from cloned animals not expected on store shelves for year .
 missing boaters endured a 'survival test , ' says rescued boater <sec> three fishermen missing since august 22 were found saturday on capsized boat .  boater spotted fishermen about 180 miles from coast of port aransas , texas .  coast guard had called off search for men on frida .
 celebrity chinese blogger 's magazine folds <sec> the magzine folds after one issue .  han was listed in time magazine 's list of most influential people .  several things may have gone wrong , analysts say .  goldkorn : `` there was nothing explicitly anti-government .
 opinion : bosnia 's lesson for syrian slaughter <sec> amanpour : bosnia was where i learned objectivity does not mean drawing a false moral equivalence .  amanpour : no crisis is the same but in syria the military is fighting a heavily outgunned opposition .  amanpour : in bosnia the time came when the world could no longer watch as civilians were butchere .
 a billion at risk for hearing loss from loud music <sec> 50 % of those studied listen to unsafe sound levels on personal audio devices .  damaging levels of noise also come from spending time in loud bars or sporting events .  coldplay 's chris martin and rapper plan b wish they 'd protected their ear .
 lebron james choosing free agency , source says <sec> nba superstar lebron james to become free agent , source says .  he led miami heat to 4 nba finals , 2 titles .  social media buzzing with speculation about where he might go .  teams that might sign him : cleveland cavaliers , l.a. lakers , houston rocket .
 russian sub or no , there 's a mighty stir in sweden 's waters <sec> helicopters , battleships and minesweepers hunt for vessel .  emergency radio call in russian picked up by swedish military , report says .  russia denies any vessel in swedish waters .  expert : it 's easy to a submarine to hide in coastal water .
 obama in position to take virginia from gop <sec> poll of polls has sen. obama leading sen. mccain 49 percent to 45 percent .  rapid growth of suburbs around washington has made virginia more liberal .  conservatives angered by mccain 's support for bailout , mortgage buyout .
 u.s. seeks to return tyrannosaurus skeleton to mongolia <sec> u.s. : skeleton of a tyrannosaurus bataar was looted from gobi desert .  u.s. attorney 's office says skeleton brought here from great britain in 2010 .  the highly valued skeleton sold for more than $ 1 million at auction .  it 's in the custody of cadogan tate fine art in sunnyside , new york , court documents sa .
 lorenzo reveals 'problem of character ' with rival rossi <sec> jorge lorenzo says he and valentino rossi had `` a problem of character '' at yamaha .  world champion says rossi faces a difficult challenge at new team ducati .  spaniard is still coming to terms with his maiden motogp title last season .  he goes into this weekend 's spanish g.p . .  after placing second in 2011 's opening rac .
 secret service agents relieved in colombia amid prostitution allegations <sec> 11 secret service members are interviewed and put on leave , the agency says .  rep. king says prostitutes were brought to a room , and one woman did n't leave .  5 troops working with the secret service in colombia are also under investigation .  the incident occurred shortly before obama arrived for the summit of the america .
 why this man created a comic sans typewriter <sec> `` sincerity machine '' types letters in comic sans .  creator jesse england hopes to make people think about how they consume media .  england says he wants people to use media `` in a considered fashion , '' he sai .
 aspiring journalists create cnn newscast <sec> cnn welcomes budding journalists and news producers from under-represented backgrounds .  initiative designed to let 500 young people experience life in newsrooms around uk .  visitors researched their own topics before taking to the streets to file their own news report .
 living with a rare disease , making a difference <sec> drew leathers says he has faced `` immense trials '' living with neurofibromatosis .  his brother and friends have founded the cupid 's undie run team to raise funds .  the run this year raised $ 1.3 million for neurofibromatosis research , leathers say .
 hambycast : branstad 's mustachioed superstition exposed <sec> iowa gov . .  terry branstad is vying for a historic sixth term .  in this year 's race , branstad has weathered scandals and accusations of corruption .  branstad would n't say if he 'd endorse a presidential candidat .
 flight crew arrested in british drug bust <sec> 10 women and 5 men were detained on arrival from johannesburg .  london customs officials found marijuana and cocaine in baggage .  officials : the drugs are estimated to be worth $ 428,000 .  south african airways said it launched its own investigatio .
 flip camera inventor turns to high-tech grilled cheese <sec> jonathan kaplan , inventor of the flip video camera , launche new business the melt .  buy a grilled cheese on your smartphone , and you get a qr code to swipe in store .  kaplan tapped electrolux to create a brand-new grill with a built-in microwav .
 timing of genocide resolution questioned <sec> resolution labels 1915-1923 massacre of armenians in turkey `` genocide '' .  house democrats say resolution will help restore america 's moral authority .  administration says resolution would hurt relations with turkey , a key all .
 heart condition ends de la red 's career <sec> ruben de la red has officially announced his retirement from football .  the 25-year-old has not played since 2008 due to a heart condition .  the former spain international will now join real madrid 's coaching tea .
 uruguay 's lower house votes to legalize marijuana <sec> new : a measure to legalize marijuana passes in uruguay 's lower house .  the measure would legalize the production and distribution of marijuana .  critics say it would encourage drug addiction .  supporters say it would spoil the market for drug trafficker .
 arizona woman guilty in 'baby gabriel ' case <sec> tammi smith was accused of scheming to adopt `` baby gabriel '' .  she was found guilty thursday of conspiracy to interfere with custody and forgery .  the boy has never been found ; his mother faces kidnapping and child abuse charge .
 tsa lists myths , facts about passenger security measures <sec> tsa says that pat-downs are only for those who set off metal detectors .  they are also for those who opt out of an x-ray scan .  passengers have expressed displeasure with the pat-downs at airport .
 sinaloa cartel chief 'chapo ' guzman arrested <sec> official describes network of tunnels allegedly used by guzman .  joaquin `` el chapo '' guzman is longtime boss of powerful drug trafficking operations .  guzman has been included in forbes ' world 's most powerful people list .  dea veteran : `` it is a significant arrest provided he gets extradited immediately .
 we are all gulf victims now <sec> gulf is huge area that is crucial for migrating species , says carl safina .  because many breed in or travel through gulf , impact of oil spill will be spread out , he says .  safina : endangered species such as kemp 's ridley turtle breed only in gulf .  he says , `` a healthy environment is priceless beyond reckoning .
 my journey to help the poor and build a more equitable world <sec> muhammad yunus : i started grameen bank with the simple idea of helping the poor .  yunus : today , microfinance has affected the lives of about 1 billion people worldwide .  he says social business focuses more on solving social problems and less on profit .  yunus : we need to re-evaluate capitalism , empower the poor and build a better worl .
 egypt court jails 9 men for sexual assaults -- report <sec> an egyptian court jails nine men for sexually assaulting women in central cairo -- state media .  the sentences are the toughest seen since a new law on sexual harassment was passed .  a 2013 u.n. report found that almost all egyptian women had suffered sexual harassmen .
 secret service supervisor accused of making unwanted sexual advances <sec> secret service says supervisor 's security clearance has been suspended .  he is accused of trying to kiss a colleagu .
 dead 's lesh : 'we 've got some unfinished music ' <sec> the dead -- surviving members of the grateful dead -- will start a tour in april .  band did a special concert for barack obama last year .  phil lesh on group 's jam influence : `` if we did n't do it , someone else would have '' .  ireport.com : share photos from your `` dead head '' day .
 nigerian in custody after alleged airline terror act foiled <sec> new : nigerian in custody , `` talking a lot , '' u.s. official says , after incident .  white house is considering the incident an attempted terrorist attack .  passenger is immediately subdued ; fbi investigating .  flight originated in amsterdam , netherlands , ended in detroit , michiga .
 boko haram attacks nigerian village used by forces in search for girls <sec> new : china offers satellite and intelligence assistance in the search for girls .  boko haram militants attacked gamboru ngala , killing at least 150 people .  united states and britain are sending teams to help nigerian forces .  nigerian authorities offer a reward for information leading to the girls ' rescu .
 sochi 2014 : ferrari ... on ice <sec> italy will ride a ferrari-designed bobsled at the 2012 winter games .  italian olympic committee has been partnered with ferrari since 2006 .  a ferrari bobsled won gold for italy at the 2010 world youth game .
 assassination of lauded , 'polarizing ' intelligence official rocks lebanon <sec> brig . .  gen. wissam al-hassan was a top intelligence official in lebanon .  aligned with an anti-syrian , anti-hezbollah faction , he led many probes into assassinations .  fellow sunnis saw him as an icon , while he was despised by others .  a scholar linked to the opposition calls al-hassan a `` master '' who will be difficult to replac .
 tennis rivals nadal and djokovic aim to break world record <sec> rafael nadal and novak djokovic hope to break the record for the largest crowd .  they aim to draw 80,000 fans -- the previous record of 35,681 set in 2010 .  pitch at real madrid 's bernabeu stadium in spain to be transformed into tennis court .  world no . .  1 djokovic has recently dominated against real madrid fan nada .
 four u.s. soldiers charged with cruelty <sec> suicide probe uncovers alleged wrongdoing in iraq , u.s. military says .  four soldiers charged with cruelty and maltreatment of four subordinates .  spokesman says there 's no confirmed evidence alleged actions led to suicide .  allegations include verbal abuse , physical punishmen .
 sentencing in elizabeth smart kidnapping set for friday <sec> wanda barzee to be sentenced friday on federal kidnapping , state attempted kidnapping charges .  faces 1 to 15 years in prison for incident involving elizabeth smart 's cousin .  barzee pleaded guilty in 2002 elizabeth smart kidnapping .  prosecutors recommend state sentence to run concurrent with federa .
 senator reimburses feds over $ 30k in travel spending <sec> louisiana sen. landrieu blames `` mistakes '' on `` sloppy book keeping '' .  she had ordered audit to root out incorrectly-billed campaign travel .  `` i take full responsibility . .  they should have never happened , '' she says .  gop opponent slams landrieu for only disclosing travel records since 200 .
 man arrested in connection with colorado prison chief 's death <sec> thomas guolee , 31 , is taken into custody in colorado springs , a sheriff 's office says .  a source had said he was an associate of the white supremacist 211 crew gang .  evan ebel , who authorities suspect killed colorado 's prison chief , was in that gang .  guolee is being held on no bond for allegedly violating his parol .
 pair of 59s at golf tournament in honor of nelson mandela <sec> two players shoot rounds of 59 at european tour event .  jorge campillo and colin nel achieve feat at nelson mandela championship .  nel improves 18 shots on his first round effort at mount edgecombe .  scores wo n't count for record purposes due to preferred lies rul .
 10 fabulous free finds in paris <sec> free programs pair tourists with locals to explore the city .  take in views from the top of the left bank 's institut du monde arabe at no cost .  free concerts and museum admission give visitors a complimentary taste of cultur .
 amc fix for 'breaking bad ' addicts : 'better call saul ' <sec> `` better call saul '' is working title for `` breaking bad '' spinoff .  amc plans one-hour prequel focusing on the evolution of lawyer saul goodman .  criminal lawyer saul goodman uses extra-legal means to help his clien .
 children among casualties of israeli strike , medical sources say <sec> new : `` israel has no intention of bringing about a deterioration of the situation , '' netanyahu says .  new : `` the massacre ... is a war crime , '' says hamas .  four palestinian militants were killed tuesday evening .  israel says mortars and rockets have been fired from gaza into southern israe .
 'whale wars ' activist survives quake <sec> scott west documents and protests the killing of porpoises .  when quake hit otsuchi , west and crew were waiting for boats to return with catch .  west said he was able to leave devastation through the kindness of japanese people .  he 's invited many he met in japan to his family 's hom .
 cnn rejects as 'ridiculous ' syrian claims it collaborated with 'terrorists ' <sec> syrian media claim journalists helped blow up oil pipeline in homs .  cnn executive decries `` ridiculous '' allegations .  media also carry claim that u.s. outlets are working with al qaed .
 suspect in philip seymour hoffman investigation granted bail <sec> robert vineberg was among four people arrested after the death of philip seymour hoffman .  judge edward mclaughlin set bail at $ 200,000 bond or $ 40,000 cash .  the academy-award winning actor was found dead february 2 of an apparent overdos .
 vacationing florida officer dies in puerto rico shooting <sec> juan aviles had been a miami-dade officer since 2006 .  he and his sister were found shot to death in puerto rico .  an investigator says `` three little bags with white powder '' were found on aviles .  a miami police official says the officer was `` murdered .
 official : afghan militants fled dressed as women <sec> u.s. marines faced off against insurgents in southern town of khan neshin .  marines surround compound , held fire because of civilians .  6 u.s. soldiers killed by roadside bomb in northern afghanistan .  taliban claim responsibility for attack on u.s. military vehicl .
 7 hot new london hotels <sec> new hotels opened in advance of london 's olympics and jubilee events .  south kensington is home to the ampersand , which opened in august 2012 .  the bulgari hotel eschews british florals and empire-era chintz for a 1920s loo .
 uganda bombings overshadow african union summit <sec> african leaders offer their condolences for the uganda bombings .  guinea and djibouti have pledged to offer troops for somalia peacekeeping mission .  a three-day african union summit got underway sunday after days of conference .
 freedom of the media declines worldwide , report says <sec> annual survey says `` negative trends '' outweighed `` positive movements '' in 2008 .  report singles out former soviet union , middle east , north africa .  bright spots seen in parts of south asia , africa .  worst-rated countries : myanmar , cuba , eritrea , libya , north korea , turkmenista .
