 opinion : goodbye , mail carrier ; hello , cluster mailboxes <sec> bob greene : postal service may kill door-to-door service , switch to 'cluster boxes ' .  he says it 's an unpopular idea , but postal service must find ways to save money .  he says if a personalized service like mail delivery were proposed today , it would n't fly .  greene : cluster boxes almost inevitable ; postal service is in an unenviable positio .
 vincenzo nibali all but guaranteed tour de france title <sec> vincenzo nibali of italy closes in on a first tour de france cycling title .  nibali carries a nearly eight-minute lead into sunday 's final stage .  two frenchmen are set to finish on the podium in paris , pleasing home fans .  tony martin of germany wins the 20th stage , a time trial , by more than a minut .
 stabbing of former mob boss john 'junior ' gotti probed on long island <sec> 'junior ' gotti is the son of infamous cime boss john gotti , who died in prison in 2002 .  a hospital in syosset , new york , called police after junior gotti arrived with a stab wound .  gotti told police he 'd been stabbed in a parking lot , but he refused other question .
 embassies close in fear of more protests <sec> tunisia bans protests on friday , a week after 4 die amid demonstrations .  diplomatic facilites closed in indonesia and sudan .  teachers lead young children to carry out an anti-u.s. protest in karachi thursda .
 apparently this matters : vincent van gogh 's 3-d printed ear <sec> a german artist 3-d printed vincent van gogh 's legendary severed ear .  cells were used by the great-great-grandson of vincent 's brother theo .  the ear now sits in a nutrient solution in a museum in germany , and will be on display in new york in 201 .
 interracial dating exposes divide between teens and parents <sec> white seventh grade boy thinks his parents would not support him if he dated a black girl .  black seventh grade boy 's parents fear he dislikes his race because he dates white girls .  ac360° study finds the problem is not racial , it 's generationa .
 review : 'fast & furious 6 ' stays in high gear all the way <sec> the `` fast & furious '' franchise is back for round 6 .  this go around the action takes place mostly in london .  each of the extended cast get their moment to shin .
 from 'love kitten ' to child literacy <sec> yohannes gebregeorgis fled ethiopia for u.s. as political refugee in 1981 .  as librarian , he found there were no children 's books in ethiopia 's main language .  after writing one himself , he set up the nonprofit ethiopia reads and moved hom .
 'talent ' judge : show did not exploit susan boyle <sec> amanda holden : boyle is `` a grown woman who applied to come on a talent show '' .  holden believes negative press coverage stressed out the overnight sensation .  though boyle was exceedingly nervous before finale , holden says she `` nailed it '' .  dr. drew pinsky : contestants on high-pressure shows should get help with stres .
 argentina 's cristina fernandez to take month off for brain hematoma <sec> cristina fernandez de kirchner has a blood clot on the surface of her brain .  a month of rest is recommended .  spokesman : the president suffered cranial trauma in augus .
 u.s. pledges $ 73 million in aid to zimbabwe <sec> president obama praises zimbabwe pm tsvangirai , offers $ 73 million in aid .  tsvangirai in power-sharing agreement with zimbabwe president robert mugabe .  tsvangirai on mugabe relationship : `` we do n't have to fall in love to work together .
 doctors in afghanistan did n't die in vain <sec> three american doctors killed by afghan guard at kabul hospital .  ghitis : our first reaction is to ask if it 's worth keeping aid workers in afghanistan .  she says aid organizations face agonizing decisions about withdrawing staff .  ghitis : there 's no doubt that afghanistan is a better country than at start of centur .
 prince harry becomes a birthday millionaire <sec> harry was 12 when his mother , diana , princess of wales , was killed .  his mother left an estate worth £21 million ( $ 35 million ) .  harry will pocket interest from his portion -- around $ 500,000 a yea .
 pope francis delivers first angelus to catholics worldwide <sec> in his inaugural angelus , the pope focuses on forgiveness .  pope francis sends out his first message from the papal twitter account .  thousands of catholics pack st. peter 's square to hear his first angelus .  the pope walks out of vatican territory to greet chanting well-wisher .
 race for ebola vaccine raises ethical questions <sec> there is `` extraordinary '' rush to develop ebola vaccine , says scientist adrian hill .  ethical questions arise in regard to when widely distribute vaccine , says hill .  hill : there are risks in rushing and risks in delayin .
 death sentence over china kindergarten attack <sec> xu yuyuan , 47 , found guilty of intentional homicide over april attack .  xu attacked 29 kindergarten students and three teachers with a knife .  attack one in a spate of school attacks which have prompted outrag .
 worst celeb in-flight meltdowns <sec> insisting on a game of word with friends , alec baldwin was kicked off flight for refusing to turn off mobile device .  director kevin smith was booted off southwest airlines due to a `` safety concern '' regarding his weight .  french actor gerard depardieu was escorted off plane for urinating on plane floo .
 mexico 's 'queen of the pacific ' deported from u.s . <sec> sandra avila beltran had pleaded guilty in a drug case in the united states .  the judge sentenced her to time served ; she is now back in mexican custody .  she faces charges of money laundering in mexic .
 cnn student news - november 12 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 catholic bishop convicted of shielding priest <sec> bishop is highest-ranking catholic official sentenced during sex abuse scandal .  robert finn failed to immediately report a priest involved in child pornography .  the priest , shawn ratigan , pleaded guilty in august .  trial by judge protected the children from having their names disclose .
 'the shining ' by the numbers <sec> 1977 -- that 's the year stephen king 's novel `` the shining '' is released .  $ 19 million -- that 's the estimated budget for the movie version .  42 -- that 's the number of times the character of danny says `` redrum '' in famous scen .
 police : u.s. teens were hit men for mexican cartel <sec> u.s. teens are accused of acting as mexican cartel hit men in laredo , texas .  one allegedly told police : `` i loved ... killing that first person '' .  police detective : `` one thing you wonder all the time is what made them be this way ? '' .  prosecutors say both teens were given military-style training in mexic .
 cnn student news - august 20 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  - you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 jackals , lizards and birds ground flights <sec> jackals , monitor lizards and birds descend on runway at new delhi airport .  animal invasion delays flights as wildlife group comes to the rescue .  animals take to runway to dry off and warm up after monsoon rai .
 suspect to plead not guilty in shooting of soldier at party , attorney says <sec> ruben jurado , 19 , `` will deny any and all allegations , '' his attorney says .  jurado is accused of shooting army spc . .  christopher sullivan at a party .  sullivan , wounded in afghanistan , was being welcomed home after recuperation .  jurado and sullivan 's brother were arguing about football , mother say .
 olazabal steps down as europe 's ryder cup captain <sec> jose maria olazabal will not continue as europe 's ryder cup captain .  the spaniard led europe to a 14½ - 13½ victory over the u.s. in illinois .  paul mcginley , one of olazabal 's vice captains , is the early favorite for the role in 2014 .  olazabal received a congratulatory phone call from the king of spai .
 husband gets life without parole in 'letter from the grave ' case <sec> mark jensen sentenced for poisoning wife with antifreeze .  victim 's posthumous letter led jurors to verdict .  defense portrayed victim as depressed wife who committed suicid .
 champion djokovic faces federer in wimbledon semis <sec> novak djokovic to play roger federer in the wimbledon semifinals .  djokovic beats florian mayer of germany 6-4 6-1 6-4 .  federer brushes aside mikhail youzhny for just five games .  andy murray to play jo-wilfried tsonga in other semifina .
 former japan star matsuda dies aged 34 <sec> former japan defender naoki matsuda has died at the age of 34 .  the right-back suffered a suspected heart attack on tuesday .  matsuda represented his country on 40 occasions , and played at the 2002 world cu .
 between choice and circumstance : six stories from the economic trenches <sec> cnn ireporters are following people they know throughout 2010 to get a measure of how things are going in the economy .  at the six-month mark , they relate stories of perseverance , reinvention , doubt , success .  follow their stories for the rest of the yea .
 u.s. opts not to say whether egypt ouster a coup - cnnpolitics.com <sec> egypt is bracing for mass rival rallies on friday .  a coup determination would force the administration to cut military aid to vital mideast ally .  egyptian president mohamed morsy was ousted july 3 by the military after mass protests .  obama administration has delayed delivery of fighter jets to egyp .
 the beatles , bob and mick : 50 years since culture 's youth revolution <sec> 1963 was the most important year for art and culture , argues author robin morgan .  amid political turmoil was the birth of a 'global demographic power shift ' .  likes of beatles , rolling stones , andy warhol and vidal sassoon signaled first rise of yout .
 suspected u.s. drone strike kills 16 in pakistan <sec> the attack targeted a militant 's compound , officials say .  the officials say the militant is affiliated with the haqqani network .  the u.s. carries out drone strikes in pakistan but generally does not commen .
 football grapples with anti-semitism storm <sec> anti-semitic abuse marred tottenham 's 3-1 win against west ham on sunday .  on monday , west ham banned one season ticket holder for life .  tottenham have a history of jewish support , many fans referring to themselves as `` yids '' .  critics want the term `` yid '' banned from the club , with legal action threatene .
 mohamed elbaradei , among candidates for egypt 's interim prime minister <sec> mohamed elbaradei was born in cairo 71 years ago , but has been viewed as an outsider .  he traveled as a diplomat and chief of international atomic energy agency .  he unsuccessfully ran last year for president in first elections since revolution .  he endured , however , as an opposition leade .
 'gone with the wind ' still raises fuss after 70 years <sec> `` gone with the wind '' premiered 70 years ago today .  what was in its day the longest , most expensive film ever remains biggest blockbuster of all time .  black cast members were forbidden from attending the premiere in segregated atlanta .  film , though criticized for being overblown , crossed race and gender line .
 al qaeda blamed for yemen attack <sec> yemen says al qaeda behind bombing that killed 4 tourists , according to local press .  four fatalities were south korean citizens ; nationalities of injured unknown .  suicide blast occurred sunday in city of shibam , a unesco world heritage sit .
 padraig harrington misses out on first u.s. open in 15 years <sec> padraig harrington fails to qualify for next month 's u.s. open .  the irishman shot rounds of 75 and 71 at walton heath .  it is the second major of 2014 harrington has failed to qualify fo .
 new batmobile is armed and ready <sec> zack snyder unveils the new batmobile on twitter .  it 's one of the more weaponized versions the movies have ever seen .  some fans are put off by the militarized loo .
 review : 'the heat ' <sec> sandra bullock and melissa mccarthy co-star in `` the heat '' .  directed by paul feig , it 's the first female buddy cop action comedy .  the duo work best when their characters are n't friends .  but when they become chummy , the comedy goes downhil .
 russian ships to visit venezuela ; naval exercises possible <sec> new : pentagon downplays development , says cooperation happens across globe .  move comes amid u.s.-russian tensions over ex-soviet republic of georgia .  russian official denies link to `` political situation and caucasian developments '' .  russia and venezuela may hold joint naval exercises , both countries sa .
 pentagon strikes deal with charity to pay military death benefits <sec> white house officials were warned about the benefit issue , an official says .  defense department makes a deal with fisher house foundation to pay benefits .  the government will reimburse the foundation when the government reopen .
 lindsay lohan fails alcohol test again , ordered to court <sec> new : lohan failed a june 13th alcohol test , a source says .  new : `` alcohol is not in my house , '' she told a magazine last week .  the actress is already serving a sentence for stealing a necklace .  she must appear before the same judge who sentenced her to jail last month .  lohan is on probation for two 2007 dui conviction .
 three killed in nepal blast <sec> bombing occurs near central secretariat in nepal 's capital .  previously unknown group claims responsibility , police say .  two people were killed on the spot , and another died at a hospita .
 low key protests in jordan pass off without incident <sec> protesters are demaning political reforms .  friday 's demonstration in amman was the smallest in week .
 israel trains for border clash with syria <sec> army wraps up a two-week military exercise along israel 's 81-mile long frontier with syria .  golan heights a flashpoint of violence as syrian government and rebel troops clash nearby .  idf : several hundred hezbollah fighters backing damascus are operating in the golan heights .  threat syrian war may ensnare israeli troops `` is something we are dealing with every day .
 peruvian miners call off protest after 3 die in clashes with police <sec> new : demonstrators call off protests and say they will meet with government officials .  wildcat miners say the new decrees will deny them the right to work .  three people were killed in clashes with police .  the government says the new laws are necessary to protect worker .
 who 's funding attack ads ? it 's a secret <sec> corporations , unions , special interest groups can fund campaign advertising anonymously .  sen. claire mccaskill , a democrat , says special interests seek to buy votes by funding attack ads .  republicans opposed bill to force disclosure of donors ' names and amounts , she writes .  the rule of thumb is , mccaskill says , if you ca n't find out who 's paying for the ad , do n't believe i .
 arizona jailbird escapes to meet his girlfriend for valentine 's day <sec> man in jail awaiting hearing was determined to spend valentine 's day with his girlfriend .  authorities say he crawled past razor wire and scaled two fences .  he was arrested at a bar about 10 miles from the jai .
 tsa launches review after online release of screening procedures <sec> tsa said posted document is `` outdated , '' `` unclassified '' and unimplemented .  congressional critics called for independent investigation .  tsa posted the manual and redacted sensitive parts .  redacted information was not properly protected , information was restore .
 cheapest places on earth : máncora , peru <sec> a beach hotel in máncora runs about $ 40 per night .  a night at samana chakra , a new yoga resort , is $ 70 .  travelers can dine on fried yucca , ceviche and ice-cold beer for about $ .
 maidan : protest heart , crime scene and political stage <sec> this weekend , ukrainians mark the end of 40 days mourning for those killed in maidan square .  at least 100 people died when anti-government protesters clashed with riot police .  michael bociurkiw says the protest movement will stay in maidan beyond elections in may .  but he says organizers have prevented any violence in case it factors into putin 's plan .
 japanese cuisine is cultural heritage <sec> unesco added traditional japanese cuisine , or `` washoku , '' into its intangible cultural heritage list .  ingredients play an important role in the traditional japanese cuisine , particularly how fresh they ar .
 sutter : 170 towns in alaska are rallying to 'choose respect ' over rape <sec> alaskans will rally this week in 170 communities to end sexual violence .  join them by uploading a photo of yourself and tagging it # chooserespect .  john sutter recently featured alaska as part of his change the list project .  alaska has the highest rate of reported rape in the country -- three times the u.s. averag .
 romney is not a liar <sec> william bennett : obama had his emperor 's clothes moment at first debate .  bennett : president 's supporters are wrong to call mitt romney a liar .  he asks why did n't obama effectively challenge romney when on stage ? .  bennett : obama campaign is reeling , they 're trying to make up for lost groun .
 subway riders to drop pants as part of global event <sec> new : the goal is to elicit laughs ; the group has no political agenda .  pranksters will converge at train stations donned in shirts , shoes and no pants .  no pants subway ride started in new york in 200 .
 texas wildfire 30 % contained with 'potential for growth ' <sec> new : fire north of san antonio `` more than 50 % contained '' .  in the past week , texas forest service responds to 176 fires .  forest service : most of `` forward progress '' of bastrop fire has been stopped .  nearly 1,400 homes have been destroyed in the bastrop fire , officials sa .
 lorenzo takes pole in malaysia with record-breaking lap <sec> spain 's jorge lorenzo on pole for sunday 's malaysian motogp after flying lap at sepang circuit .  nearest championship rival dani pedrosa will start race in second with andrea dovizioso third .  lorenzo currently 28 points ahead of his compatriot with three races remainin .
 woody allen fires back over decades-old molestation allegations <sec> new : dylan farrow stands by her accusations .  in 1992 , woody allen 's and mia farrow 's 12-year relationship ended .  allen , then 56 , was involved with soon-yi previn , farrow 's 19-year-old adopted daughter .  farrow accused allen of molesting dylan , then 7 , whom the couple had adopte .
 canadian company resubmits application for keystone pipeline permit <sec> new : environmentalists and the oil lobby differ on the need for further review of the project .  the pipeline has become a political football in a u.s. election year .  republicans accuse the obama administration of stalling the project .  federal and state officials say it will take months to decide on the new permit reques .
 wallenda walks fine line high , high above river gorge <sec> nik wallenda walked across a wire 1,500 feet above a river in arizona .  he said the wind was worse than he expected .  without safety rigging , he made the quarter-mile journey with just a balancing pole .  when asked how he planned to celebrate , he mentioned eating a nice stea .
 human rights activist convicted of tax evasion in belarus <sec> belarusian human rights activist ales bialiatski is sentenced to more than 4 years in prison .  the lithuanian foreign minister condemns his conviction .  bialiatski is convicted of large-scale tax evasion .  human rights watch urges the appellate court to overturn the convictio .
 at schoolhouse , afghans vote for change <sec> afghans queue patiently to cast ballots in historic election .  despite threats of taliban violence , voters are defiant .  queuing at a girl 's school , afghans say they are voting for change .  300,000 observers deployed to ensure vote is fair and fre .
 a.j . pero , twisted sister drummer , dead at 55 <sec> a.j . .  pero , the longtime twisted sister drummer , dies at 55 .  pero played on `` we 're not gon na take it '' .  members of the band are `` profoundly saddened .
