 jetblue pokes fun at itself over runaway flight attendant <sec> jetblue posts blog item about its flight attendant .  support has been `` so encouraging and so special , '' steven slater says .  jetblue will give vouchers to passengers on the flight .  slater was arrested monday after using the plane 's emergency chute to leav .
 did a second isis militant kill james foley ? <sec> one forensics expert says there are definitely two militants in video .  the one who spoke with a british accent may not have been the executioner .  speaker has a holster suitable for a right-handed person , but apparent killer used his left .  a blogger thinks he has used satellite photos to figure out where foley was kille .
 parts unknown : jamaica <sec> season four of `` anthony bourdain parts unknown '' concludes in jamaica .  tony looks at the country 's transition to a service economy .  the show concerns itself , among other things , with who `` owns '' paradis .
 gingrich : why ca n't va be customer-friendly and digitally competent ? <sec> american legion has called for va secretary to quit after recent scandals .  newt gingrich says va is a hopelessly outdated , incompetent bureaucracy .  why ca n't the va be as customer-friendly as many modern organizations ? .  gingrich : it should be competent , digital and personal in serving our veteran .
 opinion : lupita , a cinderella for everybody <sec> lupita nyong'o won best supporting actress oscar in a fairy-tale rise in hollywood .  michaela angela davis : she is a `` pop of color '' in neutral landscape of awards season .  davis : she gave a brilliant performance as the slave patsey ; now she 's the it girl .  her deep , rich skin tone and beauty inspire women and girls of color , davis say .
 castro sacks transport and sugar ministers <sec> transportation minister fired for `` errors in the performance of duties '' .  sugar minister luis manuel avila gonzalez requested release , admitted shortcomings .  country 's airlines and airports chief was replaced in marc .
 edward snowden asks to extend russia asylum <sec> edward snowden leaks info on u.s. spy programs ; he 's charged in the u.s . .  last summer , russia granted him temporary asylum ; the term expires july 31 .  his lawyer says snowden made a formal request to extend his asylum in russi .
 marines sent to italy as unrest grows in north africa <sec> just under 200 marines head to base in southern italy .  the move is a contingency due to deteriorating security situation in north africa .  it is not related to the kidnapping of schoolgirls by boko haram in nigeri .
 brazil claims 'victory ' in world cup <sec> germany ? .  who 's germany ? .  brazilian government calls world cup a big success for the country 's travel and tourism industries .  one million tourists from abroad visited brazil during the event .  economist doubts long-term positive economic impact of the world cu .
 u.s. military children arrested in japan <sec> suspects range in age from 15 to 18 years of age .  they are accused of stringing a rope between poles across a road .  a restaurant employee , 23 , received a severe head injury .  incident occurred in august , follows other crimes connected to u.s. military personne .
 medical team says mladic ok for extradition <sec> new : mladic requests russian books in his cell -- and strawberries .  a medical team that examines mladic finds no immediate problems .  mladic is `` a ruin of a man , '' his attorney says .  mladic was wanted on charges of genocide , extermination and murde .
 obama praises china 's move to allow its currency to float <sec> china 's central bank announced saturday it will allow currency to float .  announcement welcomed ahead of g-20 summit next week .  china previously criticized for weak exchange rate , creating trade imbalances .  several nations including u.s , brazil , india had asked china to allow floa .
 hurricane sandy threatens to disrupt travel along east coast <sec> airlines are letting ticketed travelers change their plans at no fee .  new york officials say they 'll decide sunday about suspending subway service .  amtrak cancels several trains that originate or end in east coast station .
 videos show children demanding freedom , urging syrian leader 's ouster <sec> new : videos show children in two cities apparently protesting against syria 's government .  president bashar al-assad will give a speech monday , state-run media reports .  the head of the red cross is visiting damascus for talks with officials , the group said .  more than 1,100 people have died in the unrest , amnesty international report .
 swedish police : small amount of drugs taken from bieber 's bus <sec> new : source close to bieber calls drug seizure a non-story ; his publicist has no comment .  police in stockholm search justin bieber 's tour bus at arena .  a small amount of narcotics is seized , police say ; no one is arrested or charged .  police : an officer earlier smelled marijuana near the bus while bieber and others were on i .
 azarenka out of dubai open <sec> victoria azarenka has withdrawn from the dubai open with injury .  the qatar open winner has been suffering with a heel problem .  serena williams the overwhelming favorite to win $ 2 million tournamen .
 airbus to help develop first supersonic business jet <sec> nevada-based aerion and airbus announce collaboration on as2 supersonic business jet .  deal `` kicks the ( supersonic ) program into high gear , '' says aerion ceo .  as2 will trim three hours off flight time from paris to washington .  a handful of companies are racing to develop private supersonic jet .
 inmates fire up sales of jail-produced hot sauce <sec> florida minimum-security jail raises peppers , uses them in hot sauce .  three inmate-produced sauces available : `` original , '' `` smoke '' and `` no escape '' .  proceeds from sale of sauces goes back into jail 's horticulture program .  jail program also teaches job skills to soon-to-be-released inmate .
 'fast & furious ' shatters box office records <sec> `` fast & furious '' is best april opening ever , and best opening ever for universal .  also the best fast & furious franchise opening ever , previously $ 50.5 million .  box office was up a monstrous 68 percent from the same frame a year ago .  check out the box office top 10 char .
 mom : 'i fear the worst , that my daughter is gone ' <sec> woman disappeared after argument with husband .  husband tried to kill himself after disappearance , denies involvement .  cadaver dogs detected liza murphy 's scent near george washington bridge .  know something ? .  call 201-262-280 .
 u.n. releases 'heartbreaking ' human rights report on congo <sec> new : rwanda criticizes the report .  the report covers 1993 to 2003 .  report : there was `` indescribable violence '' for childre .
 clarke : keep your politics away from our guns <sec> the cnn guns project explores the role of guns in the united states .  clarke says many gun restrictions are n't directly associated with gun violence .  we should n't view criminals as victims who need to be treated leniently , he says .  we also need to stop conditioning society that guns are evil , clarke say .
 bill filed to prohibit congressional insider trading <sec> bill would prohibit members of congress , their staffs , from trading on inside information .  members of congress should live by the same rules everyone else does , sponsor says .  massachusetts senator files the bill after `` 60 minutes '' questioned congressional trades .  house minority leader nancy pelosi criticized the repor .
 scores dead after bomb blasts in quetta <sec> new : police say the death toll from quetta bomb explosions jumped to 93 .  police say they believe a security checkpoint was the first target .  children are among the dead , officials sa .
 marine 's facebook posts on obama go too far <sec> a marine is facing dismissal for his anti-obama posts on facebook .  sgt . .  gary stein said he would n't follow orders from obama or salute him .  dean obeidallah : military requires obedience , ca n't be subjected to partisanship .  he says three gop congressmen are out of bounds for backing the marin .
 olympic memories : black power <sec> u.s. sprinters carlos and smith stand up for civil rights in 1968 in mexico city .  they were suspended from their national team and stripped of their medals .  mohammed ali described it : `` the single most courageous act of this century .
 novak djokovic revels in wimbledon win over roger federer <sec> novak djokovic hails wimbledon final win over roger federer as best of his career .  serb is taken to the wire before sealing second wimbledon title .  djokovic had lost five of the previous six grand slam finals he had competed in .  serb says he and head coach boris becker have proved the doubters wron .
 fighting fans ca n't stop milan going top <sec> ac milan beat 10-man genoa 2-0 to go one point clear in serie a table .  match was delayed by tear gas fired by police trying to stop fans fighting .  zlatan ibrahimovic opened scoring with penalty after kakha kaladze was sent off .  bayer leverkusen move up to sixth place in germany with 2-0 win over hoffenhei .
 wozniak : facts in steve jobs movie look 'atrocious ' <sec> wozniak : story in steve jobs movie looks `` awful , '' `` atrocious '' .  apple co-founder says `` jobs '' may be fun , but is far from accurate .  he 's higher on aaron sorkin 's rival steve jobs biopic , on which he 's consulting .  wozniak says too many tech patents are stifling innovatio .
 phil mickelson out on his own after opening 63 in boston <sec> phil mickelson takes early lead at deutche bank with eight under 63 .  cards eight birdies and an eagle on the tpc boston .  tiger woods opens with three under 68 in same group as mickelson .  brian davis of england matches mickelson from afternoon starter .
 australian student christopher lane laid to rest after u.s. shooting <sec> lane was killed by a single shot to the back , according to autopsy .  the 22-year-old was buried in his hometown of melbourne on wednesday .  lane was studying in oklahoma on a baseball scholarship when he was allegedly shot at random .  one of the 3 teens arrested allegedly told police they had shot lane out of boredo .
 more than 1 billion going hungry , u.n. says <sec> world food programme : one in six of world 's population is now going hungry .  nearly all the world 's undernourished live in developing countries .  number of hungry spiked as the global economic crisis took hold , report says .  calls for greater investment in agriculture to tackle long and short-term hunge .
 playstation exec : it was a cyberattack <sec> sony exec says playstation 's network disrupted on purpose .  both playstation and xbox live networks hobbled into the weekend .  'lizard squad ' claims responsibility for cyberattack .  hacker group has a history of going after son .
 bush 's war on terror is over <sec> terrorism has been in the news with boston bombing and killing of uk soldier in the street .  peter bergen says despite recent acts , the enemy behind 9/11 has been defeated .  he says president obama signaled he wants bush 's endless war on terror to end .  bergen : key part of obama speech was idea that america 's perpetual war footing should en .
 carlotta weakens to tropical depression over mexican mountains <sec> new : carlotta weakens to a tropical depression .  two girls are killed and their mother critically injured after their house collapses .  a tropical storm warning is in effect for parts of mexico 's southern pacific coas .
 rapper lil wayne suffers seizure <sec> new : fellow rapper drake and other friends set up vigil outside his room .  `` i 'm good everybody , '' lil wayne writes on twitter .  lil wayne suffers a seizure and `` is recovering , '' his record label 's publicist says .  lil wayne is a grammy-winning and multiplatinum selling artis .
 vote gives 'lost boys ' hope for country 's future <sec> about 70 southern sudan natives travel from atlanta to nashville to vote in referendum .  historic vote this week will determine whether sudan will split in two : north and south .  about 55,000 southern sudanese are voting in u.s. and seven other countrie .
 new jersey lt. gov . kim guadagno to deny claims of christie ultimatum <sec> new : new jersey lt. gov . .  kim guadagno says accusations by hoboken mayor are `` false '' .  guadagno says she did not deliver an ultimatum on behalf of gov . .  chris christie .  her remarks will be the first time a senior christie official has addressed the charges .  hoboken 's mayor says guadagno told her that sandy relief funds hinged on her backing real estate ventur .
 russian-u.s. space crew headed back to earth after delay <sec> a spacecraft has undocked after jumper cables helped fix a glitch .  the trio -- two russians and one american -- are scheduled to return to earth early saturday .  nasa says the delay happened after hooks and latches on the docking port did not releas .
 opinion : empowered women make nations strong <sec> melinda gates : in developing world most women do n't control home budgets , reproduction .  she says when they do , kids fare much better on health , education , prosperity . .  she says giving women power over reproduction , vaccination breaks cycle of mortality .  gates : proper training gives women edge in agriculture ; this converts to better life for famil .
 louisiana demands federal action on dredge plan <sec> state and parish officials want to close channels between gulf , coastal estuaries .  they say plans have been held up by army corps of engineers , agencies overseeing spill .  gov . .  jindal : state needs `` greater sense of urgency '' from those in charge of cleanu .
 from white or black , the n-word is not ok <sec> lz granderson says he was at a club of mainly white people singing along to hip hop music .  he was shocked when they all began shouting the n-word along with kanye west song .  `` what is it with white people and that word ? '' .  he asks , but then notes that kanye brought it up .  writer : word too freighted and hurtful to be tossed around by dr. laura or anyone els .
 south korea spending $ 1.5 billion for '5g ' network <sec> south korea says they 're spending $ 1.5 billion on a `` 5g '' network .  the term is mostly a slogan for now , but the tech will come .  the nation 's science ministry promises new network in 2020 .  cellular networks in the u.s. likely will linger behin .
 officials : u.s. airstrikes pound isis near iraqi dam <sec> obama sends letter to congress , stressing dam 's strategic importance .  isis wants to keep mosul dam working , cnn analyst says .  peshmerga spokesman : forces have retaken one side of the dam .  smoke rises from the horizon , and buildings are ablaze in the battle to retake i .
 2 u.s. marines killed in afghanistan <sec> two u.s. marines killed during a `` hostile incident '' in southern afghanistan .  4,000 marines , sailors working to clear taliban militants from helmand river valley .  british forces launched a similar offensive in the province in late june .  forces are trying to gain ground in the region ahead of national elections in augus .
 pakistani activist malala given sakharov prize for bravery against taliban <sec> the teen activist survived a taliban assassination attempt .  the prize has a cash award equivalent to about $ 67,000 .  malala turned her acceptance speech into a plea for help for children everywhere .  the eu parliament 's president also heaped praise on her father for encouraging he .
 house passes health care reform bill <sec> new : house passes health-care reform bill with mostly democratic support .  amendment passes banning most abortions under public option .  `` this is our moment to deliver , '' president obama says as house meet .
 prosecutors subpoena political groups linked to christie <sec> u.s. attorney 's office in new jersey issues subpoenas , lawyer says .  christie reelection campaign , republican state committee targeted .  subpoenas involve controversy over george washington bridge traffic scandal .  new : fbi interviews staffers of hoboken mayor over her allegations around sandy fund .
 officer in clinton motorcade killed in accident <sec> new : dallas police senior cpl . .  victor lozada-tirado dies in motorcycle accident .  officer was part of sen. hillary clinton 's motorcade in dallas .  clinton says she is `` greatly heartsick over this loss .
 obama challenges students to follow mandela legacy <sec> obama tells students , `` the world will be watching what decisions you make '' .  tutu urges obama to close guantanamo bay , find mideast peace .  access to electricity `` fundamental to opportunity , '' president says .  obama and family tour robben island , where mandela was hel .
 king pardons saudi rape victim <sec> new : sources say pardon unrelated to hajj nor subsequent eid al-adha .  new : justice minister says king felt pardon in best interests of saudi people .  report : king abdullah pardons rape victim sentenced to 200 lashes .  a saudi court had ruled the 19-year-old had an `` illegitimate relationship .
 cape town draped in color for 'slave ' carnival <sec> cape town hosted saturday its annual minstrel carnival celebrating the new year .  revelers donned colorful costumes as they danced to the beat of marching bands .  the street party celebrations are deeply rooted in the culture of the cape malay populatio .
 fema accused of twisting science in report on trailer danger <sec> fema denies allegations it suppressed report on trailers used by katrina victims .  cdc has done two studies for fema on formaldehyde in the trailers .  fema , cdc say studies were short-term , more comprehensive study in the work .
 uk airport tries to find century-old lost teddy 's family <sec> the bear was left in the departure lounge of bristol airport over a year ago .  with it was a photograph , dated 1918 , showing two small children with a bear .  efforts by airport staff to trace the owners of the bear have so far failed .  `` it is obvious the bear has been well loved for many years , '' airport spokeswoman say .
 stanley banishes pga tour ghosts with first win <sec> american golfer kyle stanley wins first professional title at the phoenix open .  stanley blew a seven-shot lead at the farmers insurance open one week ago .  stanley capitalizes on spencer levin 's capitulation after he blew a six-shot overnight lead .  the win gives stanley over $ 1m in prize money and puts him top of fedex cup standing .
 valencia end real madrid winning streak , barca miss chance to go top <sec> valencia defeat real madrid 2-1 at mestalla stadium .  result brings to an end los blanco 's 22 game winning streak .  barcelona miss chance to go top after losing at real socieda .
 brand beckham : persona more than play helped promote soccer in america <sec> as beckham retires , experts say his celebrity lifted game in u.s . .  his first two years in l.a. were abysmal , but he finished u.s. career with two mls cups .  since he joined l.a. galaxy , mls player salaries , attendance and expansion fees are up .  beckham is no `` savior of the mls , '' says si 's grant wahl , but he did a lot to increase exposur .
 42 arrested in italian anti-mafia raids <sec> police say a note hidden in a bike 's handlebar listed extorted businesses .  the crime network is based in casal di principe , a village near naples , police say .  arrests stemmed from investigation that began in 201 .
 little senegal in the big apple : harlem 's west african heart <sec> new york 's harlem is home to a vibrant senegalese community .  known as little senegal , the area is filled with west african restaurants and shops .  civil rights leaders of the 1960s , including malcolm x , were active in the are .
 ny carriage crashes , horse flees up broadway <sec> `` the horse got spooked and rolled the carriage , '' a detective says .  incident occurs late thursday afternoon in columbus circle .  `` the horse ran up broadway , '' says witness .  after the show , it 's back to the stable .
 paris attacks : 'told-you-so ' moment for far-right <sec> leaders of europe 's far-right have been quick to blame islam and immigration for the paris attacks .  europe 's muslim communities set to suffer , joerg forbrig says , as politicians question hitherto moderate opinions .  radicals will quickly produce the next phobia that they demand to be addressed , forbrig write .
 supreme court to rule on obamacare , same-sex marriage injunctions <sec> two requests for injuctions puts sotomayor in unusually pivotal role .  sotomayor blocked part of obamacare law that required contraceptive coverage .  utah is asking court to block judge 's ruling that struck down ban on same-sex marriag .
 how the turmoil in iran is playing out on social media web sites <sec> iran turmoil a hot topic on social media sites .  cnn 's iran desk analyzing dozens of video posts .  summary of latest trends on twitter , faceboo .
 how technology lifts pixar 's 'up ' <sec> pixar faced many new technological challenges on its film `` up , '' opening friday .  the movie is about an old man who flies away on a house lifted by balloons .  pixar used a programmed physical simulator to animate thousands of balloons .  studio 's goal is to make even the hardest animation problems look simple on scree .
