 neighborhood still bearing katrina 's wounds awaits isaac <sec> biloxi and bay st. louis stretch still shows signs of hurricane katrina .  those who stayed have rebuilt with storms in mind .  now they 're preparing for isaac and other inevitable storm .
 obama , netanyahu emphasize strength of u.s.-israel ties <sec> new : netanyahu hints at new steps soon on middle east peace process .  president obama , prime minister netanyahu call for direct talks between israel and palestinians .  obama , netanyahu highlight unity against iranian nuclear weapons .  obama says u.s.-israeli ties are unbreakabl .
 official : insurgents say al qaeda planning u.s. , europe attacks <sec> no specific threat is indicated against the united states .  an `` underwear '' bomber tried to bring down a u.s. plane last christma .
 from the grave , the cleric inspiring a new generation of terrorists <sec> though he 's dead , militant cleric anwar al-awlaki remains influential .  investigators suspect the tsarnaev brothers listened to his sermons online .  the brothers might have downloaded bomb-making instructions , officials sa .
 woman , 113 , fudged her age to get on facebook <sec> anna stoehr joined facebook days before her 114th birthday .  she got help from man who sold an iphone to her 85-year-old son .  stoehr had to say she was 99 to get on the popular social media sit .
 confusion reigned in first hours after johns hopkins shooting <sec> thursday 's shooting at a hospital in baltimore triggered conflicting reports .  by thursday evening , police determined that a murder-suicide had occurred .  a doctor was shot by the suspect earlier .  during the incident and immediately afterwards , confusion reigned at the scen .
 kim kardashian 's marriage milestone : 73 days with kanye <sec> kardashian 's last marriage , to kris humphries , ended after 72 days .  she and west married on may 24 .  kardashian recently reunited with old pal paris hilto .
 martese johnson : uproar after black uva student injured <sec> martese johnson : `` we are one community . .  we deserve to respect each other '' .  he was injured during an arrest , and a photo of his bloodied face was distributed .  virginia 's governor has ordered an investigation of the inciden .
 lisa brown : silenced for saying ( shock ! ) 'vagina ' <sec> michigan state rep. lisa brown said `` vagina '' in addressing strict anti-abortion proposals .  republicans decried use of the word ; banned her and a colleague from the house floor .  women rallied to defend brown , saying she was silenced for speaking out on health care .  republican men did n't get it , and if they do n't wise up , they will lose their seats , she say .
 cnn comedy : scott thompson and kevin mcdonald <sec> mcdonald and thompson were part of the kids in the hall sketch comedy group .  from 1989 to 1995 , the kids in the hall enjoyed tv success and pop culture fame .  despite being known for sketches , the current tour is stand-up comed .
 syria 's lost youth : one million child refugees flee brutal civil war <sec> unhcr says there are now one million syrian child refugees .  he describes the tragic fate of young syrian children forced to flee their homes .  un human rights watchdog says 7,000 children have lost their lives in the conflic .
 nurburgring keeps 2013 german grand prix as deal struck with ecclestone <sec> red bull team principal christian horner signs new multi-year deal .  horner has led red bull to three straight f1 constructors ' titles .  ferrari to unveil new f138 car at maranello friday .  nurburgring confirmed as venue for 2013 german grand pri .
 security tight , movement slow on inauguration day <sec> metro stations packed ; some wait hours to get home .  possible plot from somali group ; threat level remains same .  58 agencies are involved in the massive inaugural security effort .  because of crowding , parts of national mall were closed off at 9 a.m .
 shelterbox mobilizes quickly for japanese in need <sec> shelterbox , a disaster relief organization , responded quickly to the catastrophe in japan .  the group delivered emergency shelter and lifesaving supplies to thousands of survivors .  shelterbox was founded by 2008 cnn hero tom henderson .  tsunami aid and relief : how you can hel .
 egypt 's interim cabinet labels muslim brotherhood a terrorist group <sec> u.s. worries political process in egypt is being negatively affected .  cabinet declares muslim brotherhood a terror group , tells members to leave .  muslim brotherhood says military-backed government is the real terror group .  jihadist group issues claim of responsibility for tuesday bombings at police buildin .
 baby ill ? it might not be the flu <sec> rsv is caused by the same virus that 's the leading cause of the common cold .  most children recover without complications , but some have `` significant problems '' .  serious cases may require hospitalizatio .
 scholes in shock return as man utd beat holders man city in fa cup <sec> manchester united beat fa cup holders manchester city 3-2 in the third round .  united veteran paul scholes comes out of retirement to play in the second half .  city captain vincent kompany sent off after only 12 minutes , which the club will appeal .  wayne rooney scores twice in first half as united set up fourth-round clash with liverpoo .
 mother , 2 children drown in car after flooding in pennsylvania <sec> floodwater washes a family 's vehicle away in pittsburgh .  the car gets stuck next to a tree and is submerged .  one more person whose car is found remains unaccounted fo .
 scott hits record score as woods trails by three shots at british open <sec> australia 's adam scott equals course record with 64 at royal lytham .  tiger woods three shots off the lead , tied for fifth at british open .  world no . .  2 rory mcilroy hits fan with a tee-shot but also cards a 67 .  defending champion darren clarke endures miserable round of 7 .
 opinion : do you hate your internet provider ? <sec> comcast proposed to buy time warner cable for $ 45 billion .  frida ghitis : merging the two largest cable providers is bad for america .  she says americans pay more for lower quality internet service ; other nations are ahead .  ghitis : comcast will have little incentive to improve our vital internet infrastructur .
 long gas lines test patience of storm-struck residents <sec> new : the feds will bring in 12 million gallons of unleaded gas to hard-hit areas .  new : new jersey sets up a system linking license plate , to day gas is pumped .  some new york , new jersey residents waited over four hours to fill up cars , gas cans .  those with mobile devices used twitter for real-time information on gas line .
 gmail 's new inbox can auto-organize your messages <sec> google rolls out updated gmail inbox .  new tools let user prioritize messages based on the sender .  categories are priority , social , promotions , updates and forum .
 cnn student news - february 2 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 armored vehicles roll into rio de janeiro slum <sec> new : 2,600 police and soldiers occupy alemao favela complex , police say .  police say they are searching for gang leaders and illegal drugs .  `` we will not retreat in our decision to bring peace to rio , '' a police spokesman says .  the complex is located in the northern part of the cit .
 female photographer , 23 , gang-raped in mumbai <sec> police arrest a suspect in the alleged gang rape of a female photographer .  police say the photographer was attacked in a deserted area of mumbai .  she and a male colleague were approached by a group of men .  india has seen multiple high-profile sexual violence cases since a new delhi gang rap .
 why you love taylor swift ... even if you do n't want to <sec> taylor swift released a new song at midnight tuesday .  it 's already no . .  1 on itunes .  the pop star has become an easy target .  but even non-fans have to admit to loving these five thing .
 jurors see tsarnaev 's writings on boat <sec> a police officer testifies about the writings dzhokhar tsarnaev scrawled on a boat .  the boat was tsarnaev 's final hideout before his arres .
 country singer george jones hospitalized <sec> jones is expected to be released from a hospital friday , according to his website .  he has been cutting records since the mid-1950s .  his last known serious health issues were in 1999 , after a car acciden .
 government hiring thousands of census workers across the nation <sec> census bureaus are hiring hundreds of workers in each state .  strip club in rhode island needs more dancers , other workers .  california man advising people on using twitter to get job leads .  the navy needs rocket scientists and other types of workers at one of its center .
 commentary : minority execs ready to step up and lead <sec> john rice : president obama is stressing need for national service .  he says there 's a huge need for leaders in the nonprofit world .  rice : it 's crucial to train leaders from minority communities .  he says these leaders can help change communities in desperate nee .
 bahrain 's high appeals court upholds convictions of 13 pro-democracy activists <sec> bahrain 's highest appeals court took just minutes to rule , an attorney says .  the 13 pro-democracy activists received sentences between five years and life .  the 13 were convicted for their role in protests that began in february 201 .
 obama trip to india has full agenda , high expectations - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama hopes to capitalize on his relationship with indian prime minister narendra modi .  india and the united states have shared sometimes frosty relations .  the united states wants to ease india away from its use of russian-produced military weapon .
 how william , kate and harry made royals cool <sec> sarah ivens is a british journalist living in america .  young royals have injected excitement into the royal family , ivens argues .  duke and duchess of cambridge and harry are triumvirate of british charm , she say .
 flight diverted over boiling water incident <sec> a flight is turned back to bangkok after a woman throws hot water on a flight attendant .  witnesses say the woman 's boyfriend grew irate , threatened to blow up the plane .  many chinese internet users felt the airline should have pressed criminal charge .
 belinda bencic ready to embrace greatness <sec> belinda bencic is the youngest women 's player in the world 's top 100 .  the 17-year-old swiss has exploded onto the wta tour in 2014 .  at this month 's family circle cup , she stunned two top-10 seeds .  world no . .  2 li na -- and many others -- have dubbed her `` the new hingis .
 an american soccer star playing for palestine <sec> palestine 's soccer team plays afghanistan in a world cup qualifying match .  omar jarun , one of palestine 's defenders , is an american-arab who was brought up in georgia .  he is visiting his ancestral homeland for the first time .  palestine 's national team is playing in the world cup qualifiers for the first tim .
 rio de janeiro to host 2016 olympics <sec> international olympic committee names rio de janeiro as host of 2016 games .  the final vote was between rio and madrid , spain .  chicago and tokyo were eliminated from contention in earlier voting .  a city must receive a majority of votes in order to wi .
 beckham : the man who broke football 's gay taboo ? <sec> beckham 'opened the door ' for it to be cool to be gay .  credited with changing the world of style for football players .  beckham insisted he would wear 'that dress ' agai .
 about 200 arrested in violence against christians in pakistan <sec> 7 killed , 20 hurt saturday when muslim protesters set fire to houses in christian area .  they were protesting alleged desecration of quran at a christian wedding .  federal official says investigation determined there was no desecration of quran .  about 50 houses were burned down , more than 100 looted in violenc .
 new colombian president sworn in , vows peace 'by reason or by force ' <sec> new : venezuelan president hugo chavez wants to meet with new colombian president .  new : foreign ministers of colombia and venezuela to meet sunday .  juan manuel santos took office saturday afternoon .  santos won more votes than any presidential candidate in colombian histor .
 judge sets bail for jewish scribe , 3 others in kidnapping-divorce case <sec> jay goldstein has bail set at $ 1 million ; 3 others get $ 500,000 bail each .  he 's one of 10 accused in a scheme to kidnap orthodox jewish husbands .  authorities say the husbands were being coerced into granting divorces to their wives .  fbi complaint says electric cattle prods and karate were employed as pressure tactic .
 my mom needs you : nalini 's story <sec> my mother 's leukemia returned after eight years in remission .  she desperately needs a bone marrow transplant as soon as possible .  south asian bone marrow donors are hard to find .  barriers to donating can be psychological or cultura .
 throwback lodging : stay in another era <sec> in sweden , stay in primitive huts like forest workers used hundreds of years ago .  rent an abe lincoln-style log cabin in grant county , kentucky .  stay in a refurbished sharecropper shack in mississippi blues countr .
 venezuelans detain captain of u.s. ship , to interview crew next week <sec> new : captain returned to vessel to move ship from docks , source says .  u.s. official says incident is about paperwork for rifles they had aboard for protection .  the crew 's scheduled depositions are pushed back to monday , a crew member says .  a manager of the ship 's customs brokerage firm identifies the captain as jeffrey raide .
 mexico calls for u.s. to investigate police shootings <sec> in the past month , three mexican nationals have been killed in u.s. police shootings .  mexico 's foreign ministry says the shootings `` can not be looked at in isolation '' .  statement warns of possible `` break in trust between the hispanic community and police .
 pentagon to release secret codename of anti-isis operation <sec> the pentagon has selected a codename for the anti-isis military effort .  the codename has not yet been released , but will be in the near futur .
 fighting in benghazi leaves 36 dead , libyan officials say <sec> new : a flight ban over benghazi is announced .  the city appears calm a day after a spasm of violence .  at least 139 people wounded , health ministry says .  libya has been struggling to deal with violence since moammar gadhafi 's ouste .
 a friend 's voice endures forever <sec> bob greene : often it 's the voice of a friend that you miss the most .  he recently heard an audiotape that brought back memories of a lifelong friend who died .  greene : `` like friendship itself , the voices never die .
 delta one of top airlines to get an 'f ' in report <sec> flyersrights.org graded airlines for tarmac strandings , menu , customer service .  delta air lines had the most tarmac delays lasting longer than three hours .  delta , jetblue , continental , and us air got overall grades of 'f ' .  southwest airlines got an overall 'a .
 monitors : taliban cut off fingers of afghan voters <sec> taliban slice off fingers of two people in kandahar province , vote monitors say .  taliban had vowed to disrupt thursday 's landmark election .  hamid karzai 's team and rival abdullah abdullah claim to be on track for win .  election officials say results will be rolled out starting august 2 .
 dreams come true for coach with transverse myelitis <sec> karl turk , who was told he may never walk again , is coaching in the state playoffs .  indiana pacer visited turk and inspired him to embrace his disability .  turk applied for 10 head coaching positions , only to have one intervie .
 china slams 'inappropriate ' u.s. remarks on island dispute with japan <sec> the japanese prime minister says he is `` extremely concerned '' by china 's move .  china released a map and coordinates that identify its `` air defense identification zone '' .  the zone includes islands at the center of a dispute between beijing and tokyo .  the u.s. has said the chinese announcement creates `` risks of an incident .
 world leaders pay tribute to polish leader <sec> world figures offer condolences after lech kaczynski 's death in plane crash .  polish president , senior polish official died in crash early saturday .  u.s. president barack obama says loss of polish president `` devastating '' .  british prime minister gordon brown `` shocked and saddened .
 young blogger loses battle with cancer <sec> miles levin , whose blog was read by thousands , died sunday at 18 .  had battled alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma since 2005 .  his witty , optimistic writing captured his enjoyment of life in the face of deat .
 europe regain solheim cup after last-day heroics in ireland <sec> europe win back solheim cup with 15-13 win over united states at killeen castle in ireland .  match tips europe 's way in last three singles matches with suzann pettersen leading way .  swede beats michelle wie on final hole after trailing with three holes remaining .  cristie kerr of united states has to concede match against karen stupples through injur .
 'mlb2k13 ' , david price and the quest for the perfect game <sec> `` mlb2k13 '' perfect game challenge offers prizes for more winners this year .  cover athlete , tampa pitcher david price , says he 'll throw in a bonus if player uses him .  price : being on game 's cover is a `` thrilling feeling '' .  `` mlb2k13 '' is available now ; the perfect game challenge starts april .
 obama selects panetta for defense secretary , petraeus for cia <sec> new : petraeus to resign from military once confirmed , sources say .  it took a meeting with obama to convince panetta to take the job , a source says .  petraeus will be nominated as cia chief .  it is the most extensive reshaping of obama 's national security team to dat .
 after storm , organizers scramble for nyc marathon <sec> race officials rescheduling pre-race events , working to accommodate participants .  up to 20,000 international runners could be affected by flight cancellations or delays .  the 26.2-mile course winds across new york 's five boroughs .  runners unable to reach manhattan in time for the race will be entered in next year 's maratho .
 gop takes aim at aarp : will it backfire ? <sec> house subcommittee opens hearing looking into aarp 's tax-exempt status .  republicans say aarp `` no longer operates like a seniors advocacy organization '' .  democrats say the hearing is `` political payback '' for aarp 's support of health care refor .
 boko haram talks ? do n't bet on it ( opinion ) <sec> despite ceasefire claims , boko haram attacks continue , says darren kew .  nigerian president 's priority is next year 's election , kew says .  kew : nigerian journalists skeptical over boko haram `` talks .
 'victoria beckham look-a-like ' clue in madeleine disappearance <sec> investigators would not release specific details of new clues .  madeleine mccann vanished from holiday villa in portugal in may 2007 .  madeleine 's parents have garnered international support in hunt for their chil .
 afghan troops taking on perilous fight against insurgency <sec> coalition forces engaged in transition of power to afghan national army ( ana ) .  but spate of so-called `` green on blue '' attacks on coalition troops has hastened the process .  lt. jan mohammad risks his life serving in the ana for $ 300 per month .  he says the coalition withdrawal means nothing to him ; he still has to do his dut .
 historians : bush presidency 'battered , ' 'incompetent , ' 'unlucky ' <sec> presidential historians weigh in on how history will perceive president bush .  zelizer : `` there is not a lot of good will among historians '' for bush .  bush is often compared to harry truman , whose reputation improved over history .  kellerman : bush will be remembered for his `` incompetence .
 q & a ; : xinjiang and tensions in china 's far west <sec> violent attack in urumqi open market brings spotlight on xinjiang .  china 's xinjiang autonomous region has a long history of friction .  recent spate of attacks and bombings in china has been blamed on separatist .
