 teresa giudice : shocked by prison sentence <sec> teresa and joe giudice spoke about their recent sentencing with bravo 's andy cohen .  teresa giudice said she was shocked by the court 's decision .  she did share the support she 's received from daughter gi .
 contractor involved in iraq shooting got job in kuwait <sec> former blackwater employee allegedly killed iraqi guard .  andrew moonen rehired by another private contractor less than two months later .  house votes 389-30 to bring private military contractors overseas under u.s. law .  white house says measure would have `` intolerable consequences .
 swine flu goes to college <sec> five days into new year , u. of kansas at lawrence has 47 cases of swine flu .  no one has died or been hospitalized because of the illness .  last week , the cdc released tips for school administrators to follow .  universities and colleges across the country are bracing for swine flu spik .
 sheriff : former nfl star aaron hernandez in jailhouse fight <sec> authorities investigate jailhouse fight between aaron hernandez , another inmate .  neither man was seriously injured in the altercation .  former nfl star is being held on a first-degree murder charge in death of odin lloy .
 downsizing to 100 square feet of bliss <sec> californians have begun building 100-square-foot homes for minimalists .  couple says you do n't need to keep up with the joneses to be happy .  one designer 's home is so tiny , there 's no space for his wife .  `` i like the idea of showing people how little a person could need .
 joni ernst wins iowa senate race <sec> republican joni ernst defeated democrat bruce braley in iowa 's senate race .  the win gives republicans another win in a state president obama carried in 2012 .  ernst takes the seat being vacated by retiring democratic sen. tom harki .
 dozens convicted of plotting to overthrow uae government <sec> sixty-nine people are sentenced to prison , eight of them in absentia .  they allegedly set up an organization aimed at overthrowing the government .  human rights groups say it is a crackdown on freedoms after the arab sprin .
 opinion : stop judging monica lewinsky <sec> mel robbins : monica lewinsky writes in upcoming vanity fair about affair with bill clinton .  she says aftermath of affair left lewinsky humiliated , almost suicidal . .  she was brave to go on .  she says media exploited news of consensual affair ; cashed in . .  story put drudge on map .  robbins : real story here is lewinsky taking back narrative , helping others bullied on interne .
 australian open : title favorite serena williams shocked by ana ivanovic <sec> serena williams out of the australian open after fourth round defeat .  serbian ana ivanovic beats american world no.1 4-6 6-3 6-3 .  williams blames her loss on a `` tremendous amount of errors '' .  in the men 's draw , novak djokovic sets up quarterfinal against old foe stanislas wawrink .
 south korea battling digital threat from northern rival <sec> south korean investigators say they have proof that north korea is launching cyberattacks .  reports say the north is investing heavily in digital warfare .  december attack on banks in south korea caused about $ 820 million worth of damage , a report say .
 'breaking bad ' : fans suffer from post-finale depression <sec> `` breaking bad '' ended after five seasons on sunday .  fans are mourning the loss of an acclaimed show .  a few critics were disgruntled with the clean ending .  everyone agrees that the series was exemplar .
 hugh grant : i tried to reason with paparazzi <sec> the actor says he tried to shame press photographers but they ignored him .  former motor racing boss max mosley says you have to risk a million pounds to get justice .  lawmakers are looking into press ethics in the wake of the news of the world scandal .  police and an independent inquiry are also looking into press activit .
 house rule change on travel reporting sparks controversy <sec> new : ethics committee responds , it is `` committed to effective and efficient public disclosure '' .  travel reporting no longer required in financial disclosure report .  it still is required in more extensive form in the gift and travel repor .
 michael brown 's parents testify at u.n . <sec> the browns ' statement to the u.n. committee against torture calls for the officer 's arrest .  `` we 've been received very well , '' brown 's mother says of the trip to geneva .  `` i 'm surprised we have n't even lost our mind , '' brown 's father says .  `` we need answers and we need action , '' brown 's mother say .
 skateboarder repels cougar attack <sec> a cougar jumped a man walking with a skateboard in banff , alberta .  `` he hit the animal with the skateboard and stunned him , '' park official says .  cougar attacks on people are rare since the cats are `` very wary of people , '' official says .  skateboards used to defend against cougars is even rarer , he say .
 $ 1.2m in $ 100 bills stolen from swiss airline in new york <sec> new : fbi says it would take a forklift to get the cash out of the container it 's shipped in .  money arrived at jfk airport from switzerland in a cargo container on saturday .  it 's not clear when it was stolen , fbi says .  official says the money was headed for the federal reserv .
 dubai gets trippy with festival of lights <sec> this week dubai hosted its inaugural festival of lights .  many of dubai 's most famous structures have been turned into art installations .  french city of lyon has a similar event and helped dubai create their .
 fema gives away $ 85 million of supplies for katrina victims <sec> bureau of prisons , postal service and other agencies get free katrina goods .  fema spokesman : giveaway is `` not news '' ; agency unaware people still need goods .  head of new orleans nonprofit says , `` these are the very things that we are seeking .
 police : hundreds of 'occupy wall street ' protesters arrested <sec> about 700 protesters were arrested , then released .  the group says it is protesting the economy , among other things .  police say protesters blocked lanes to brooklyn bridge .  protesters bang drums and chant , `` the world is watching .
 obama to nominate ex-army general to head tsa , sources say <sec> nomination of robert a. harding to be announced monday , sources say .  harding `` has the experience ... to make a real difference , '' administration official says .  harding , who served 33 years in army , would be the tsa 's first african-american administrator .  he once was defense department 's senior human intelligence office .
 up to 17 babies given overdoses of blood thinner <sec> one baby dies in texas hospital 's neonatal intensive care unit .  hospital says medication mix-up apparently occurred in hospital pharmacy .  up to 17 babies receive too-concentrated form of blood thinner heparin .  last year , dennis quaid 's twins given overdose of heparin at los angeles hospita .
 seizure-alert dogs give new freedom to epilepsy sufferers <sec> three million americans live with epilepsy , which causes recurring seizures .  canine camp in georgia has trained 1,000 dogs since 1991 to help the disabled .  cost of training , maintaining dog is $ 20,000 ; dogs are free to qualified patient .
 wall art masquerades as class war <sec> art and law breaking is part of the same recipe for brazilian street artists .  pixadores or taggers scale sao paulo 's tallest buildings to get their message across .  pixadore cripta djan says the art must have 'transgression ' -- often a broken law .  they see art as one of three ways to make their name -- soccer or drugs are the other .
 warren promises ( 4 times ) she 's not running for president - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sen. elizabeth warren was interviewed monday morning by npr .  she repeatedly said she was not running for president .  warren has emerged as powerful figure in the senate as a voice for the lef .
 judge allows soldier 's defense of citing his twin as potential suspect <sec> aaron lucas is charged with trying to lure 11 girls and sexually assaulting three of them .  he is also a suspect in sex crimes in alabama and texas .  but lucas ' defense attorneys say the dna could belong to his brother , an identical twin .  a colorado judge allows lucas to cite his twin brother as a potential suspec .
 israeli military calls off raid after soldier posts details <sec> soldier posted details about pending raid on facebook , israeli military says .  commander canceled operation , fearing enemies might have learned about it .  soldier sentenced to 10 days imprisonment , removed from his battalio .
 attorneys : sandusky voice mails released , shower abuse victim to sue <sec> new : sandusky attorney said defense expected `` people coming out of the woodwork '' .  2 voice mails allegedly are among `` numerous voice mails '' unearthed in investigation .  the firm would not elaborate how many voice mails were uncovered .  both messages end with the words `` love you '' to the victi .
 is china 's lust for olympic gold fading ? <sec> olympic badminton flap raises questions about seeking favorable draws .  eight players disqualified for trying to throw their matches in doubles event .  is deliberately trying to lose a match smart tactics or disguised cheating ? .  there are signs chinese people are questioning the `` gold-at-all-costs '' mentalit .
 'slumdog ' cast wins , 'button ' gets zip at sag awards <sec> `` slumdog millionaire '' gets outstanding performance by cast in motion picture .  meryl streep gets sag award for best leading actress in a movie .  sean penn named best leading male actor in a movie .  alec baldwin , `` 30 rock '' ensemble cast win television award .
 romney foreign policy attack was disgraceful <sec> john avlon : romney , slipping in polls , wrongly slammed obama over egypt , libya attacks .  he says despite facts to contrary , romney said obama was sympathetic to attackers .  avlon : the move , apparently for political points , was widely condemned even among gop .  avlon says politics must yield in crisis , as past politicians have know .
 william mcraven : the man who hunted bin laden ( opinion ) <sec> peter bergen : adm. william mcraven stepped down as head of u.s. special operations command .  he says mcraven not only led the bin laden raid planning but wrote the book on special ops .  mcraven identified six key elements needed for success in special operations .  bergen : troops under his command have deployed to 92 nation .
 tennis stars raise funds for haiti victims <sec> roger federer organizes a charity event to raise funds for victims of the haiti earthquake .  federer and other top tennis stars will take part in doubles exhibition in australia on sunday .  the players will give up final day of preparation before the australian open starts .  other players have donated part of their prize money to raise funds for relief operatio .
 new judge named in trayvon martin case <sec> seminole county circuit judge kenneth lester steps down .  judge debra nelson is assigned to take his place .  an appeals court had granted george zimmerman 's request for a new judge .  zimmerman 's lawyers say lester disparaged their clien .
 yemen holds presidential election with one candidate <sec> violence reported in several areas .  human rights watch urges sole candidate on ballot to make changes immediately .  european observers said early turnout was healthier than expected .  longtime leader ali abdullah saleh stepped down after 33 year .
 former president carter to visit cuba <sec> jimmy and rosalynn carter are departing monday at invitation of the cuban government .  during the trip to the island , they will meet with president raul castro .  discussions will include new economic policies and ways to improve u.s.-cuba relation .
 sheikh to chic : can gulf become fashion capital ? <sec> dubai wants to become a global fashion capital by 2020 .  events like fashion forward aim to promote the best designers in the uae .  luxury fashion and design sectors are worth more than $ 14 billion in the gulf region , research state .
 rose farm helps adults with autism bloom <sec> autism group : 88 % of u.s. adults with autism are unemployed .  rose farm pairs with ability beyond disability to help autistic adults .  doctor : working satisfies a desire for `` sameness '' .  `` everybody 's different , '' says one worker . .  `` nothing defines a person except themselves .
 after messages , man confesses to decades-old murder <sec> north carolina man drove to arizona this summer to confess in 17-year-old case , police say .  matthew gibson got messages he thought were related to the death , police say .  but police did n't know anything about him .  `` he could have gotten away with this , '' detective say .
 at & t ; asks drivers to take no-texting pledge <sec> `` it can wait '' aims to end the practice of texting and driving .  on september 19 , at & t is hosting no text on board -- pledge day .  43 % of teens admit to texting while behind the wheel .  gripping ads feature victims injured or killed while textin .
 obama : congress on verge of passing health care reform legislation <sec> former head of dnc rips deletions , says senate bill should be abandoned .  `` any fair reading '' of bill shows it meets white house criteria , obama says .  top liberal senators indicate medicare buy-in likely will be dropped .  sen. joe lieberman had said he would n't back medicare buy-i .
 bundesliga leaders borussia dortmund held by schalke <sec> borussia dortmund held to a goalless draw by schalke in german bundesliga .  lucas barrios and mario gotze both squander chances for dortmund .  dortmund extend lead at the top to 12 points over bayer leverkuse .
 henry retires from international soccer <sec> thierry henry announces his retirement from international soccer .  henry retires as france 's leading goalscorer with 51 .  the 32-year-old says he made his decision before the world cup .  henry says his move to the new york red bulls was a `` no brainer .
 police confirm identity of baby 's remains found in new york river <sec> police confirm baby is the same infant missing from utica , new york .  levon wameling was 10 months old when father reported him taken from home .  medical examiners have n't determined the cause of death .  father took two weeks to report baby missin .
 hillary clinton 's three ways to handle scandal <sec> zelizer : the former secretary of state has decades of experience in managing controversy .  he says clinton and her husband know how to turn controversy into a tool to energize democrat .
 new zealand hold italy ; paraguay outclass slovakia <sec> italy held to 1-1 draw by new zealand in nelspruit .  smeltz puts kiwis ahead after seven minutes before italy equalize through a penalty .  paraguay ease to comfortable 2-0 win against a poor slovakia .  enrique vera and cristian riveros score goals in each half to sink slovaki .
 no terror link so far in ups crash in dubai , official says <sec> the u.s. had been looking carefully at the ups crash for terror links .  two pilots were killed in the incident .  there 's no indication of an explosion onboard the plan .
 whiteout , blackout as frigid northeast digs out of snowstorm <sec> new : northwest getting much-needed rain .  utility workers head to pennsylvania to help restore power .  another system is forecast to bring snow to the region this weekend .  but it 's not expected to produce as many problems in the northeas .
 2 iranian dissidents say they were raped in captivity <sec> two expatriate iranians allege rapes in graphic detail .  male , female iranian dissidents give separate interviews to cnn .  both are in turkey , claiming they fled after threats from security services .  they were arrested after disputed june 12 presidential electio .
 with a 'sip and a puff ' quadriplegic sailor makes history <sec> hilary lister has become the first disabled woman to sail around britain .  she navigated with a special technology using only her mouth and a straw .  hilary suffers from a rare degenerative disease that has made her paraplegic .  she wants to help other disabled sailors through her charity hilary 's dream trus .
 iran , u.s. mark iranian new year with blistering words <sec> ayatollah ali khamenei warns iran will strike back if attacked .  he says western nations want to control iran 's oil .  in a video message , obama says 'an electronic curtain ' is descending in iran .  he says iranians are denied access to informatio .
 catherine zeta-jones to star in broadway musical <sec> catherine zeta-jones , angela lansbury co-starring in revival of `` a little night music '' .  broadway show will be zeta-jones ' first on the main stem ; lansbury a veteran .  stephen sondheim show is famous as source of `` send in the clowns .
 bulgaria 's 'pebble beach ' to host top european golf event <sec> bulgaria will host a full european tour event for the first time in may 2013 .  the world match play tournament will begin a new rotation of venues .  its sponsor volvo is seeking to take it to areas of business interest .  european tour circuit moves to china this week for a newly-sanctioned even .
 france : rioting in amiens leaves police hurt , buildings damaged <sec> new : interior minister says more police will be deployed tuesday night to ensure calm .  17 police officers were injured in clashes with young people , manuel valls says .  the interior minister says law and order must be restored after `` unacceptable '' violence .  the trouble broke out late monday amid tension with police in the northern city of amien .
 federer closes in on career victory 1,000 <sec> roger federer is one match shy of his 1,000th career victory .  swiss outclasses grigor dimitrov in brisbane international semifinal .  federer faces milos raonic in sunday 's final .  maria sharapova wins women 's title in brisban .
 top-secret court renews nsa snooping at critical point <sec> the national security program collects electronic data in bulk .  the special court has periodically renewed nsa authority over several years .  but this decision is the first time since conflicting court rulings were issued .  one said the data collection appeared unlawful , other said it was o .
 f1 : red bull 's daniel ricciardo is daring to dream <sec> daniel ricciardo is enjoying a successful first season with red bull .  the australian has registered two race wins , in canada and hungary .  ricciardo is outshining his four-time world champion teammate sebastian vettel .  he has out-qualified vettel at six of the 11 races so far this seaso .
 norway prosecutors want mental institution for breivik <sec> prosecutors say they want breivik taken to a psychiatric institution .  if not , they will ask for 21 years in prison .  breivik is on trial for attacks that killed 77 peopl .
 rock and roll hall of fame adds six backing groups to the class of 2012 <sec> the honored groups include the blue caps ( gene vincent ) , the comets ( bill haley ) etc .  the backing group failed to get into the hall of fame at the same time as their frontman .  the six groups will be inducted april 14 at the rock and roll hall of fame annual ceremon .
 so far , no rescued girls from chibok , official says <sec> military has not confirmed if any rescued girls came from 2014 chibok mass abduction .  nigerian troops raided boko haram camps in northeastern nigeria , military say .
 christians consider their future after more attacks in iraq <sec> the attacks targeted 14 homes across baghdad thursday .  the strikes appeared to be coordinated .  attacks like these have generated fear among iraqi christian .
 u.s. troops , uss ronald reagan arrive in japan <sec> aid begins arriving in japan in the form of food and equipment .  warships are on their way to bring humanitarian aid and assistance .  two search-and-rescue teams are to arrive sunday morning .  a u.s. disaster response team is already in japa .
 officials : federal charges unlikely in ferguson case <sec> sources : federal prosecutors do n't think there 's enough proof for civil rights charges .  a grand jury decided against state charges for ex-ferguson police officer darren wilson .  it all stems from michael brown 's fatal shooting , which stirred up large , emotional protest .
 israel : rockets from syria hit golan heights <sec> hezbollah involvement suspected in rocket attack , israeli military source says .  no injuries immediately reported after rocket fire into israeli-occupied golan heights .  weapons fire from syria into area has happened in past year with civil war ragin .
 by the numbers : why ohio matters <sec> 69.97 % -- percentage of registered voters in ohio who voted in the 2008 election .  64 % -- percentage of ohio workers who are `` blue collar '' .  18 -- number of electoral college seats up for grabs from ohio this election .  8 -- number of buckeye state residents who have been elected presiden .
