 former massey energy ceo indicted in wake of 2010 mine explosion <sec> don blankenship faces four federal charges , including conspiracy and making false statements .  he oversaw the west virginia mine that exploded in 2010 , killing 29 workers .  blankenship 's attorney says he will fight the charges , and be acquitted .  the upper big branch explosion was one of the worst u.s. mine disasters in decade .
 official : 'dangerous ' russian jet fly-by 'straight out of a movie ' <sec> officials : a russian fighter jet flew within 100 feet of a u.s. military plane .  the fly-by `` put the lives of the u.s. crew in jeopardy , '' one official said .  military leaders from both countries discussed the inciden .
 7 crazy side effects from the shutdown <sec> new : some websites down , others up ; antarctic research program iced .  rangers are ticketing people who try to sneak into the grand canyon .  crabbers ca n't fish without federal permits .  homeowners on federal land have been kicked ou .
 h7n9 bird flu resurges in china ahead of lunar new year <sec> h7n9 bird flu cases spike in china ahead of lunar new year .  in january alone , 19 deaths and 96 humans have been infected , xinhua says .  expert urges tougher bio-security measures in china 's live poultry markets .  h7n9 has pneumonia-like symptoms , family of patients tell cn .
 christie will speak , not shoot , at annual pheasant hunt <sec> new jersey gov . .  chris christie will attend rep. steve king 's pheasant hunt . .  he will give a speech at the fundraiser , but he wo n't be a part of the hunt . .  others who have gone on the hunt include rick perry , ted cruz and rick santorum .
 scores cope with heartbreak after bushfires rip through tasmania <sec> new : there are no confirmed deaths , but authorities are still looking , police say .  new : australia 's prime minister visits tasmania , offers help .  conditions should be windy and hot monday but are expected to cool afterward .  `` at least i 'm still alive . .  i realize i 'm very lucky to be alive , '' an evacuee say .
 federer refuses to blame back injury <sec> rafael nadal defated roger federer 6-4 6-2 in quarterfinal at indian wells .  nadal will play tomas berdych in the semifinals .  federer could lose world no.2 spot to andy murray .  maria sharapova and caroline wozniacki into women 's semifinal .
 why arguments for killing of giraffe marius do n't stand up to scrutiny <sec> copenhagen zoo 's defense of killing a giraffe does not stand up to scrutiny , writes liz tyson .  a blind eye has been turned to the inbreeding of other species , she says .  tyson : killing animals considered a surplus by zoos is common .  as long as there are zoos , there will be unwanted animals , she write .
 human rights workers go missing in qatar <sec> two human rights workers have gone missing in qatar .  krishna upadhyaya and ghimire gundev work for gnrd .  british government confirms it is investigating matter .  qatar to host fifa world cup for first time in 202 .
 the symbols of hong kong 's 'umbrella revolution ' <sec> the umbrella has emerged as the defining symbol of hong kong 's democracy protests .  it became a symbol of passive resistance after they were used to shield against tear gas .  a distinct visual language has emerged , including numbered codewords , black t-shirts .  the protesters are highly organized and cooperative , sharing food , water , electricity supplie .
 growing up is even harder when mom is in prison <sec> donnie belcher 's mother was incarcerated when she was 4 .  number of incarcerated mothers exploded 131 percent from 1991 to 2007 .  `` i wanted to be everything my mother was n't , '' belcher says .  more prisons are creating programs that preserve mother-child relationship .
 french court rules mayors can not block same-sex marriage <sec> france 's top court says mayors can not block gay marriages based on their personal beliefs .  a group of seven mayors had filed an appeal with the constitutional council last month .  the law was approved this year by france 's parliament and signed off by the president .  a growing number of countries around the world now allow same-sex marriag .
 sub joining hunt for lost hero amundsen 's plane <sec> unmanned submarine to be used in search for roald amundsen 's plane .  amundsen 's plane crashed in 1928 while he was on a rescue mission to north pole .  amundsen first to reach south pole ; credited with being first to both poles .  search due to begin later this yea .
 hundreds of new frog species found in madagascar <sec> nearly 200 new species of amphibians found on biodiversity hotspot of madagascar .  study found many outside of the island 's conservation areas .  political instability in the country makes conservation efforts extra difficul .
 prosecutors : soldier lied about purple hearts , military combat <sec> william john roy is charged with defrauding the va and the department of defense .  an indictment accuses him of lying to obtain $ 57,000 in benefits .  prosecutors say roy said he fought in vietnam , receiving two purple hearts and a bronze star .  investigation reveals he had been in germany in a noncombat role , prosecutors sa .
 naturally 7 sings a distinctive tune <sec> naturally 7 is a seven-man band that sounds like musical instruments .  video of group on youtube received 3 million page views .  touring with michael bublé helped band make new fan .
 uprooted by syria 's war : 'is there a worse way to live than this ? ' <sec> a new report says more than 2.5 million syrians have been uprooted .  many are `` urban refugees , '' scattered through towns seeking shelter .  aid agencies are calling for more help , especially for women and childre .
 photographer leibovitz could lose portfolio due to debt <sec> photographer annie leibovitz faces tuesday deadline to pay back $ 24 million loan .  leibovitz put up art , real estate as collateral in consolidating massive debt .  art capital group sues leibovitz , alleging she has n't repaid money .  photos of demi moore , miley cyrus among leibovitz 's most controversial work .
 'defiance ' offers vision of strength amid horror <sec> `` defiance '' is about three brothers who helped rescue jews during wwii .  star liev schreiber : courage `` was in these guys ' dna '' .  movie has wide release frida .
 talking dolls challenge racial stereotypes <sec> a new range of dolls has has been created to help african children connect with their roots .  rooti dolls are programmed to speak several african languages .  `` queens of africa '' project produces comics and books to help african children appreciate their cultur .
 review : '22 jump street ' is a repeat <sec> channing tatum and jonah hill revive their roles .  the film is very similar to `` 21 jump street '' .  the similarities is a running joke in the movi .
 113-year-old time capsule found in boston <sec> time capsule hidden since 1901 in boston is discovered .  it holds photographs , campaign buttons and news clippings .  the copper box is found in a statue atop the state hous .
 family : china to execute british drug smuggler <sec> china will execute british man convicted of smuggling heroin within hours , his family says .  akmal shaikh supporters maintain he is mentally ill and officials did not take that into account when trying him .  british government has asked china not to execute shaikh but china says it has followed la .
 commentary : 3 billion poor people need world 's help <sec> jeffrey sachs : when g-20 meets , it must do more than just financial regulation .  he says the world 's 3 billion poor are suffering from global economic crisis .  sachs : world needs food security plan for poor nations with aid from u.s. , others .  he says health and clean energy should be key priorities for the g-2 .
 commentary : why 'tropic thunder ' should n't be seen <sec> shriver : members of our group shocked and disgusted by `` tropic thunder '' .  use of the word `` retard '' and depiction of disabled go too far , shriver says .  mockery of those least able to defend themselves is n't funny , he says .  shriver : take a stand by banning the r-word and not seeing the fil .
 'brilliant ' move devastates al qaeda affiliate , but not fatally , analysts say <sec> analyst : the intelligence success on bomb plot shows `` the ability to get on the inside '' .  it 's `` primarily a saudi success story , '' another expert says .  operation did not lead to the terrorist group 's chief bomb maker , one analyst says .  the leak that a mole was involved could damage intelligence efforts , experts sa .
 smallest known north american dinosaur found <sec> hesperonychus elizabethae , a 4.4-pound carnivore , lived 75 million years ago .  remains discovered in '82 ; scientist began studying them in 2007 .  canadian researchers say it ran through swamps and forests in albert .
 biopic breathes new life into coco chanel story <sec> biopic charts early years of designer who founded iconic couturier , chanel .  french actress audrey tautou plays gabrielle `` coco '' chanel .  writer/director anne fontaine would not have made the film without tautou as chanel .  fontaine on chanel : `` she 's the beginning of the modern woman .
 protesters clash with police over bedouin displacement <sec> dozens are injured , including a 12-year-old boy .  the clash is over a knesset plan to displace bedouins from the negev .  some arab members of the knesset joined the demonstratio .
 by the numbers : immigration and naturalization <sec> there were 11.5 million undocumented immigrants in the united states in 2011 .  14 % of u.s. resident non-immigrant population that lived in california in 2011 .  it takes about five months on average to process an application for naturalizatio .
 kansas rallies past ohio state , will face kentucky in ncaa title game <sec> kansas narrowly defeats ohio state , 64-62 , to advance to the ncaa finals .  they will face kentucky , which beat louisville 69-61 earlier in the night .  the wildcats defeated the jayhawks 75-65 earlier this seaso .
 sheriff , expert defend killings of freed animals in ohio <sec> `` we just could n't take the chance , '' sheriff says .  missing monkey may have been eaten , expert says .  `` yeah , there 's a lion on mount perry road '' .  the owner killed himself after freeing the animal .
 las vegas 'magic ' comes to 'the nutcracker ' <sec> carolina ballet introduces levitating ballerinas , disappearing dancers into show .  the company hired las vegas headliner rick thomas to coordinate illusions .  ballet companies are constantly looking for ways to draw bigger crowds .  toronto mayor rob ford appeared in national ballet canada 's nutcracke .
 photos : jimmy stewart comes home from war <sec> jimmy stewart put his career on hold to join the army air corps .  the actor was well into his 30s and had already been rejected for being too skinny .  he was one of few americans ever to rise from private to colonel in four year .
 costa rica files case against nicaragua in international court <sec> costa rica 's foreign ministry says the situation `` threatens imminent and irreparable harm '' .  the suit asks the court to stop `` the construction of a canal on costa rican soil '' .  foreign ministers from the region will discuss the situation december .
 accused white house intruder 's mental health questioned <sec> omar gonzalez is accused of jumping the white house fence in september .  an initial evaluation finds him not competent to stand trial .  his attorney argues gonzalez is fine , but agrees to more thorough exa .
 suicide bombing at turkey police station kills 1 <sec> new : the blast was caused by a suicide bomber , police say .  new : the attacker throws a hand grenade before exploding his suicide bomb .  ambulances rush to the scene , the anatolia news agency report .
 commentary : when high school football turns deadly <sec> thirty-nine football players have died from heat stroke since 1995 .  15-year-old max gilpin collapsed during football practice and died three days later .  mike galanos : the goal is n't to restrict coaches but to keep kids saf .
 lindsay lohan reports for morgue cleanup duty <sec> lindsay lohan arrives early for community service , a day after showing up late .  the actress will perform janitorial work at the los angeles morgue twice a week .  her community service stems from a necklace theft conviction .  lohan has a probation violation hearing on november .
 estate challenges michael jackson belt tribute <sec> estate spokesman says belt deal was not approved .  estate has n't decided if it will stop belt sale .  company marketing mj belts says his mom got approval .  `` artist 's proof '' belt autographed by jackson 's children , parent .
 best days for seasonal shopping <sec> `` early black friday '' can offer shoppers great sales as early as halloween .  black friday is a traditional in-store shopping day , but try online , too .  wait till the last minute to buy really big-ticket item .
 how to exploit isis 's biggest fear ( opinion ) <sec> oubai shahbandar and michael pregent : to beat isis , u.s. must work with groups it fears .  effectiveness of air campaign hinges on exploiting local vulnerabilities , writers say .  u.s. should accelerate transfer of excess military equipment to anti-isis forces , they argu .
 3 plead guilty in plot to destroy bridge near cleveland <sec> three of five people arrested on april 30 plead guilty .  they plotted to blow up a bridge over cuyahoga valley national park near cleveland .  another suspect pleaded guilty earlier , and the other is undergoing examination .
 norway 's breivik wanted to kill pm , other ministers <sec> new : lawyer : testimony about the killings of dozens of teenagers `` will be toughest day '' .  anders behring breivik says he also wanted to decapitate an ex-prime minister .  he considers bombing that killed eight a failure because the targeted building did not fall .  he admits killing 77 people in a gun-and-bomb rampage , calling it `` necessary .
 greece swears in new government <sec> new : greece swears in its new cabinet , bringing an end to months of political uncertainty .  national bank chairman vasilis rapanos takes the key finance minister post .  the new government intends to push for a renegotiation of some terms of the bailout deal .  the greek crisis threatens european economic stabilit .
 nbc orders ellie kemper comedy from tina fey <sec> nbc has ordered a comedy from tina fey and robert carlock .  the two `` 30 rock '' cohorts will both write and produce the sitcom .  `` the office 's '' ellie kemper is set to star .  the comedy is scheduled to bow next fal .
 crossfit trainer has cerebral palsy <sec> stephanie hammerman began getting in shape after a friend 's death .  she completed a hand-cycling marathon in december 2011 .  in the past year , she 's become a crossfit traine .
 beer-delivery drone grounded by faa <sec> wisconsin beer company lakemaid was testing beer delivery by drone for local ice fishermen .  the faa has told the company to ground any drones .  it 's currently illegal to fly the unmanned aerial vehicles for commercial purpose .
 commentary : do n't sanitize helms ' racist past <sec> roland s. martin : tributes hail jesse helms as a conservative champion .  martin : helms once purposely whistled `` dixie '' in elevator with black senator .  give helms credit where it 's due but do n't cover up his racism , columnist say .
 thailand : the mechanics of a state of emergency <sec> thailand has a long history of civil unrest , with dozens of governments since 1946 .  the state of emergency invokes the same powers that were used in the bloody crackdown of 2010 .  the 60-day clampdown gives the government wide-ranging powers to maintain public order .  large investors such as toyota have said continuing unrest could damage the thai econom .
 horrifying final moments of massachusetts teacher 's life <sec> court documents provide detailed timeline of case that shocked new england town .  affidavit chronicles killing of popular teacher and the arrest of one of her students .  prosecutors have said they will seek to try philip chism , 14 , as an adult .  colleen ritzer , 24 , was found , brutally slain , on october 2 .
 new video surfaces of teen stowaway jumping out of plane in hawaii <sec> new : the teenager could face a criminal trespass charge , a misdemeanor .  he survived a nearly five-hour flight from california to hawaii .  the teen endured subzero temperatures at oxygen-depleted heights .  he told investigators that he was trying to get to somalia to see his mothe .
 more civilian casualties reported in northeastern afghanistan <sec> nato force is investigating reports of civilian casualties .  armed insurgents were targeted in kapisa province .  allegations of such casualties also surfaced in another province sunda .
 former detroit mayor released from jail <sec> kwame kilpatrick spent 100 days in jail as part of a plea agreement .  kilpatrick pleaded guilty in september to two counts of obstruction of justice .  the former detroit mayor had tried to cover up extramarital affair .  he was expected to leave michigan immediately for a job intervie .
 enya celebrates 'winter ' <sec> enya 's new album is `` and winter came '' .  irish singing star keeps a low profile , works on albums for years .  enya 's voice may be overdubbed hundreds of times for each albu .
 6 reasons to head to greece in winter <sec> falling temperatures bring out a different side of greece .  there are lively ski resorts and sleepy villages , as well as year-round coastal attractions to visit .  thessaloniki , greece 's northern hub , has hip bars and restaurants that make it ideal for city break .
 fifa finds shortcomings in world cup bids ahead of vote <sec> fifa report highlights potential problems in world cup bids lodged by nine countries .  qatar 's 2022 application appears most unlikely due to country 's small size and infrastructure .  russia , australia and u.s. may have problems due to geographical `` vastness '' .  fifa worried that several countries ' governments did not give required guarantee .
 west coast prepares for more strong winds , heavy rain <sec> new : business owners in northern california prepping with sandbags .  san francisco and oakland schools to close thursday .  an `` atmospheric river '' is pumping moisture into drought-stricken west coast .  ars can be 250-400 miles wide and branch off from bands tropical moistur .
 7 great reasons to check out melbourne <sec> melbourne is defined by a melting pot of immigrants .  check out the national museum and galleries dedicated to emerging artists .  coffee fans can enjoy a tour of the italian-australian coffee scen .
 clarence thomas marks 20 years on the bench <sec> justice 's former law clerks are arranging a reunion of his `` kids '' .  he is enjoying a professional renaissance of sorts on the right-leaning court .  he is known for not asking questions from the bench and for going his own way .  `` thomas has emerged as an intellectual leader , '' says cnn senior legal analyst toobi .
 penn state leaders disregarded victims , 'empowered ' sandusky , review finds <sec> paterno son says more information will come out later .  trustee kenneth frazier says the school 's board of trustees is `` deeply ashamed '' .  scott paterno says he wishes his father had been more aggressive in following up .  sandusky was given emeritus status , which provided greater access to school facilitie .
 diabetes during pregnancy may raise adhd risk <sec> findings do n't prove that gestational diabetes directly causes adhd .  mothers should be aware that gestational diabetes can affect a fetus , author says .  growing up in poverty likely aggravates any underlying nervous-system deficit .
 records : colorado parolee disabled ankle monitor days before killings <sec> new : it took five days for parole officials to realize evan ebel fled , records show .  apology not enough for ebel release , victim 's relatives tell cnn affiliate kusa .  ebel is suspected of killing colorado prisons chief tom clements .  he was let go four years early ; court did n't fully explain sentence to priso .
 commentary : minnesota recount 's comedy of errors <sec> alex castellanos : minnesota 's recount violated equal protection clause .  he says al franken benefited from differing standards in different localities .  castellanos : some votes were not counted , others may have been counted twice .  he says trial that started monday could invalidate franken 's lea .
