 tamils protest outside uk parliament <sec> several hundred tamil protesters demonstrate outside uk parliament .  protesters urge uk lawmakers to `` act to end the genocide in sri lanka '' .  tamil tiger separatists have fought since 1983 for an independent homeland .  sri lankan military said sunday it had captured last rebel stronghol .
 official : firefighters to protect yosemite 'no matter what it takes ' <sec> evacuating residents say they 're worried about their homes .  official : `` we 're going to do everything in our power to protect '' yosemite .  the rim fire has burned nearly 134,000 acres in california .  the fire threatens to grow amid extremely dry conditions and hot weathe .
 children dying in chicago a 'national catastrophe ' <sec> essence speaks to political activist in chicago about children 's deaths .  36 chicago-area students killed in current academic school year .  75 percent of children killed within 8 miles of president obama 's former house .  children see how america takes care of the world but not them , activist say .
 valerie jarrett : target of sexist attack ( opinion ) <sec> in wake of democratic election losses , some call for firing of obama adviser valerie jarrett .  donna brazile : everyone gets attacked in d.c. , but jarrett is target of sexist criticism .  she says jarrett is being given the disrespectful treatment that hillary clinton , others have seen .  brazile : it 's ok to criticize but do n't demean people based on their gende .
 bp 'shakedown ' claim is a sad joke <sec> rep. joe barton apologized to bp officials for `` shakedown '' by white house .  roland martin says barton 's claim was outrageous .  he says the white house properly got bp to set up fund for oil victims .  he says taxpayers should be relieved government wo n't have to foot bil .
 soldier 's adopted dog finally leaves iraq for u.s . <sec> u.s. soldier adopted dog in iraq ; military prohibits such adoption .  military took dog during soldier 's first attempt to send it home , group says .  dog helped soldier cope with her deployment , group says .  animal could be in minnesota by wednesda .
 murdoch to launch new sun on sunday paper amid crisis <sec> if claims of bribery are proven , murdoch 's news corp. could run afoul of u.s. law .  murdoch tells sun staff he is proud of them , but illegal activities `` can not be tolerated '' .  a sunday edition of the sun newspaper will launch `` very soon , '' murdoch says .  murdoch 's visit to the sun 's london offices follows the arrest of five journalist .
 microsoft launches xbox live app for iphone , ipad <sec> my xbox live lets users edit their 3-d avatars , chat with xbox live friends .  ios users who download the app get a screen similar to windows phone-style interface .  my xbox live is available free for download on the iphone and ipad in the app stor .
 investigators trying to shed light on why superdome went dark <sec> `` these are fixable problems , '' says management exec .  `` it 's not a human error , it 's an equipment error , '' he adds .  video from inside a control room shows the incident unfolding .  `` we do n't have a lot of details to share , '' an entergy spokesman say .
 nearly 2,000 people warned of possible beryllium exposure <sec> los alamos lab visitors , employees may have been exposure to beryllium .  spokesman : risk to visitors `` extremely low '' due to short exposure time .  beryllium is purified for use in nuclear weapons ; also used in bike frames , golf clubs .  inhalation of powdered beryllium can impair lung functio .
 russian train wreck 'an act of terror ' <sec> investigators probing derailment of train in russia say they have found `` elements of an explosive device '' .  at least 26 people killed and 100 hurt in derailment between moscow and st. petersburg .  no immediate word on who or what group might have been behind the actio .
 report : terror attacks up in pakistan , afghanistan <sec> attacks in pakistan have more than quadrupled between 2006 and 2008 , report says .  report : al qaeda , extremist supporters moving across afghan border into pakistan .  report notes an overall decline in attacks worldwide and fewer attacks in iraq .  iran `` remained the most active state sponsor of terrorism , '' report say .
 countries agree cluster bomb ban <sec> 111 countries formally agreeing treaty banning cluster bombs .  u.s. not attending and not expected to agree to banning cluster bombs .  controversial weapons often do n't explode but stay dangerous for civilian .
 fort hood soldier : i 'started doing what i was trained to do ' <sec> pvt . .  joseph foster was doing paperwork when he heard a shout , then gunfire .  shooter `` stood up and yelled 'allahu akbar ' in arabic and he opened fire , '' he says .  he says he was too consumed by adrenaline to think about being shot in the hip .  foster , who has a wife and two young children , said he still plans to deploy to afghanista .
 fighting traffic tickets -- some strategies <sec> sometimes you can reduce a charge by pleading guilty -- with an explanation .  it 's possible in some states to take the dmv-authorized `` driving school '' online .  avoid the moving violation conviction -- even if it means paying a larger fine .  if trying to bargain , be careful of the very real risk of antagonizing the cour .
 vaclav havel , czech dissident , playwright , politician dead at 75 <sec> new : obama : `` like millions around the world , i was inspired by his words and leadership '' .  the anti-communist dissident got into politics partly through his love of rock and roll .  he had a puckish sense of humor and a deeply serious mind .  he became president of czechoslovakia after the velvet revolutio .
 natalia vodianova : supermodel supernova <sec> russian supermodel natalia vodianova grew up in a poor neighborhood .  her charity , the `` naked heart foundation , '' builds playgrounds in russia .  she is married to english aristocrat justin portman and has three children .  vodianova now fronts campaigns for calvin klein and david yurman jewelr .
 ed gillespie concedes virginia senate race <sec> republican ed gillespie conceded virginia 's unexpectedly close senate race .  gillespie said he considered asking for a recount but that he decided against it .  democratic sen. mark warner retains his sea .
 nba bans clippers owner donald sterling for life <sec> warriors coach : players talked of boycott prior to sterling decision .  nba bans clippers owner donald sterling for life , fines him $ 2.5 million for racist remarks .  sterling admitted making reviled comments first heard on tmz , the nba commissioner says .  adam silver urges owners to vote to `` force '' sterling to sell his tea .
 playground pot trade lands fourth-graders in hot water <sec> school says boy sold classmates a bag of marijuana for $ 11 , and one could n't pay .  the fourth-grader who could n't pay returned the next day with a pot candy bar to trade .  marijuana became legal in colorado in january , so no state law broken , school says .  letter urges parents to keep pot under lock and key like they would alcohol , firearm .
 schumacher apologizes to barrichello by text <sec> michael schumacher says sorry by text to fellow f1 veteran rubens barrichello .  schumacher criticized after appearing to force brazilian into a wall in hungary .  barrichello is celebrating his 300th grand prix appearance in belgiu .
 people power a sign of times in china 's internet age <sec> government officials in southwestern city of shifang abandoned plans to build a chemical plant .  the decision followed concerted pressure from thousands of angry local residents .  analysts say internet allowed tales of police abuse to filter out , generating widespread anger .  but other observers warn china will crack down on protests when they ca .
 kuznetsova crashes out in california ; clijsters wins opener <sec> top seed svetlana kuznetsova exits bnp paribas open in indian wells .  russian loses her opening match 6-4 4-6 6-1 to unseeded spaniard carla suarez-navarro .  two-time champion kim clijsters cruises into third round , beating barbora zahlavova strycova .  third seed victoria azarenka also wins in second round on saturda .
 dems tap kansas governor for state of the union response <sec> kathleen sebelius to deliver the dems response to state of the union .  time magazine short-listed her as one of the nation 's five best governors .  sebelius governs state with twice as many registered republicans as democrat .
 feds took too much of dishwasher 's cash , judge says <sec> pedro zapeta was stopped in 2005 trying to take $ 59,000 home to guatemala .  zapeta had paid taxes on the money , did n't know he had to declare it , attorney says .  he was fined $ 49,000 and left u.s. under threat of deportation .  new ruling says judge applied wrong standard and zapeta should get some bac .
 king : same-sex marriage debate heats up in new york <sec> n.y . .  assembly passed bill allowing same-sex marriages ; willl state senate pass it ? .  christine quinn , openly gay politician , optimistic ; says opponents fear the unknown .  national organization for marriage lobbying hard against it , head thinks it wo n't pass .  proponents hope president obama will change mind , support issu .
 brazilian inmates reduce sentences by hitting the bike , books <sec> new alternatives to reduce prison sentences in brazil have emerged .  in one city , inmates can pedal bikes that produce clean energy .  at federal level , prisoners can read books to shorten jail time .  programs address prison overcrowding and help inmate .
 dea searches pharmacy as part of jackson investigation <sec> beverly hills pharmacy is next door to dr. arnold klein 's office .  dea search in connection with michael jackson investigation .  klein was jackson 's dermatologis .
 3 americans among 21 killed in kabul attack by taliban <sec> two canadians who worked for a consulting/auditing firm are among dead .  kabul restaurant was popular lebanese eatery known as secure .  obama administration calls on taliban to put down their arms and talk peace .  taliban attack targeted a kabul restaurant near ngo offices , an afghan official say .
 i 'm a proud 'satc ' miranda type <sec> columnist identifies with miranda character in `` sex and the city 2 '' .  miranda often imperfect or badly dressed , and sometimes said dumb stuff on dates .  she also focuses on career and dates beta males and wears practical shoe .
 cate edwards : my mom 's brave struggle with breast cancer <sec> october is breast cancer awareness month ; nearly 300,000 women will be diagnosed .  cate edwards : 20 to 30 % of all breast cancer cases will become metastatic .  she says her mother , who died from breast cancer , lived bravely while fighting cancer .  edwards : i ask all of you to join me in an effort to support those living with breast cance .
 three men killed , two wounded in new jersey shooting on christmas <sec> early morning shootings appear to stem from altercation between bouncer and gunman .  two of the dead are the new jersey bar owner 's son and a club employee .  identity of the third person killed not released ; police say he was apparently an unintended target .  reward offered for information leading to suspect 's arrest and convictio .
 inter thrash rivals ac in milan derby <sec> inter thrash rivals ac milan 4-0 in derby after gennaro gattuso is sent off .  goals from motta , milito , maicon and stankovic seal humiliating defeat .  cameroon striker samuel eto'o has goal disallowed to cap good performance .  elsewhere , bari draw 0-0 with bologna despite finishing with ten me .
 pepsico drops lil wayne over emmett till reference <sec> lil wayne 's lyrics include what pepsico calls an `` offensive reference '' to emmett till .  till , a 14-year-old black youth from chicago , was murdered in mississippi in 1955 .  a publicist for the rapper 's label says the artist and the company parted ways amicabl .
 sony plans 'ghostbusters ' cinematic universe <sec> sony pictures is planning a `` cinematic universe '' similar to the marvel films for its `` ghostbusters '' franchise .  channing tatum will star in one of the films , described as `` male-oriented '' .  `` ghostbusters '' reboot is already planned with female cas .
 skydiver aims for supersonic jump from the edge of space <sec> felix baumgartner will have only a space suit , helmet and parachute for 120,000-foot jump .  record of 102,800 feet was set in 1960 and is held by current mission 's consultant and mentor .  baumgartner also hopes to be first person to break the sound barrier without a vehicle 's aid .  besides speed , risks include low temperatures , thin atmosphere , possible loss of consciousnes .
 macau busts $ 645 million world cup betting ring <sec> police bust international betting rings operating from macau hotel .  more than us $ 600 million in illegal bets placed on world cup games .  arrests are part of campaign to crack down on illicit bookmakers in asia during world cu .
 cnn poll : u.s. allies wary of bombing syria <sec> the french are more likely to back missile strikes than germans or british .  even in france , only one in three supports strikes on syria .  half of british people support military intervention if the u.n. approved it or found chemical weapons use .  the agency comres polled 500 people online in each of the three countrie .
 ruling party returned to power in singapore <sec> new : the ruling party won 81 of 87 parliamentary seats .  new : the opposition took six seats .  the people 's action party has ruled singapore for more than five decades .  the opposition mounted its strongest challenge to dat .
 johns hopkins sends acceptances to rejected students <sec> students rejected by johns hopkins get acceptance by mistake .  hopkins official : emails the result of `` human error '' .  some parents still upset by turnabou .
 feinstein wants reversal of policy on no-fly list <sec> sen. feinstein : failed december 25 airline attack shows u.s. must adapt .  feinstein : current standard for no-fly list too restrictive .  counterterrorism official : standard did n't make it more difficult to get name on lis .
 djokovic edges murray at atp finals as new era begins <sec> world no . .  1 novak djokovic beats third-ranked andy murray at atp world tour finals .  serbian wins his second successive match to move closer to a semifinal place .  murray needs to win his third and final match on friday to go through in london .  the tournament will stay in uk capital for the next three years after extending dea .
 daytime emmys 2014 : who won <sec> `` the ellen degeneres show '' won its eighth award .  kathy griffin hosted this year 's ceremony .  dr. oz and katie couric tied for best talk show hos .
 blog : model found nude , stuffed in suitcase <sec> jasmine fiore , 28 , was found choked to death and stuffed in a suitcase .  her husband , reality star ryan alexander jenkins now a murder suspect in the case .  jenkins reported fiore missing last saturday nigh .
 this may be the coldest week of the winter for northern united states <sec> new : wind chill falls to -51 f in rugby , north dakota .  freezing an egg at -20 f may be fun , but the bitter cold can be dangerous , too .  one person is killed in ohio accident that involved 86 vehicles .  wind chill advisories and warnings are posted in parts of 15 state .
 chelsea lifts english league cup <sec> chelsea wins english league cup at wembley .  jose mourinho 's team beats tottenham hotspur 2-0 at wembley .  john terry and kyle walker own goal for chelsea .  man city loses 2-1 at liverpool to miss chance to close on chelsea at top of ep .
 13-year-old boy suffers horrific assault in china <sec> a 13-year-old boy is under intensive care in beijing after two adults assaulted him .  they released compressed air into his body using a mechanical pump at car repair shop .  the boy suffered from dozens of puncture wounds in his intestines and multiple organ failure .  he has a serious infection that is causing necrosis on his nose and chee .
 radio djs pretend to be queen , make prank call to catherine 's hospital <sec> new : australian djs say they were surprised their call with `` terrible accents '' was put through .  the radio station apologizes , says the call was `` done with light-hearted intentions '' .  the hospital says it `` deeply regrets '' the prank call getting through to the ward .  a nurse at king edward vii hospital gives djs details of catherine 's conditio .
 judge orders chinese muslims freed from gitmo <sec> group of 17 chinese muslims must be released into united states , judge rules .  federal government says it will appeal ruling , seek emergency stay of the order .  detainees are ethnic uighurs , from mostly muslim region in china .  prisoners have been cleared for release , but no country will take the .
 twin brother among uk gunman 's victims <sec> new : police identify four more victims of cumbria shootings .  police name name twin brother of alleged killer as one of the victims .  police tracing map taken by suspect derrick bird .  cordons lifted at most crime scene .
 justin bieber leaves hospital after feeling 'woozy ' at london concert <sec> new : bieber will perform friday night as scheduled .  he paused a london concert to get backstage treatment , representative says .  he finished the show and checked into a hospital as a precautio .
 israelis worry not about al-assad , but about the 'persian bazaar ' <sec> in israel , the shekel 's strong , the economy 's growing , and israeli jews feel surprisingly secure .  but israel 's leaders are apprehensive about diplomatic efforts from iran 's new president .  they also worry that the u.s. and europe will relax sanctions that have devastated iran .  israel 's government wants the threat of military action against syria to stay on the front burne .
 pakistani taliban vow to attack weddings and funerals of their enemies <sec> the taliban says they will target enemies ' weddings , funerals .  thursday 's explosion killed 40 people and injured 67 other .
 mumbai building collapse kills 16 <sec> officials had warned people to leave building due to structural concerns .  at least 26 people injured as dilapidated building collapses .  chief minister of maharashtra state pays his respects to victim .
 reid pushes online poker legislation but finds the deck stacked <sec> sen. harry reid of nevada pushes legalizing online poker in some circumstances .  a measure would legalize online poker basically only in nevada and new jersey .  reid has encountered strenuous opposition from republicans .  one opponent , sen. jon kyl of arizona , says the measure is dea .
 hospital , homes evacuated due to flood threats in illinois , elsewhere <sec> new : `` about half '' of london mills , illinois , or 200 people , is evacuated , a police chief says .  flood warnings are in effect for parts of seven states as rivers and creeks rise .  more than 600 flights are canceled in chicago , which had its rainiest ever april day .  a northern illinois hospital , 2 mobile home parks in illinois evacuated , an official say .
 political columnist david broder dead at 81 <sec> new : obama praises broder as an `` incisive '' commentator and a gracious individual .  david broder has died at the age of 81 .  broder , a washington post columnist , won the pulitzer prize for his 1973 coverage of watergate .  broder covered every national political convention since 195 .
 upstart unthink wants to become the new anti-facebook <sec> new `` unthink '' social networking site lets users own their content .  florida-based startup wants to be everything facebook and google+ are not .  video promoting the site calls facebook and google `` greedy giants '' .  the question is whether users will leave for a site with fewer fellow user .
 nuclear power can save america from an 'energy cliff ' <sec> coming `` energy cliff '' could be worse than recession , says westinghouse 's danny roderick .  u.s. estimates coal plants that produce 20 % of the nation 's energy supply will close by 2018 .  meanwhile electricity use will grow by nearly 30 % by 2040 , author says .  nuclear power is the best solution , without taking away our clean air , says roderic .
 seal commander 's death in afghanistan an apparent suicide , military says <sec> a senior navy seal commander apparently committed suicide in afghanistan .  leader was found by other military personnel when he failed to show up at appointed time .  the death of job w. price is still under investigation , defense department say .
 professor at historically black college questions 'black national anthem ' <sec> `` lift every voice and sing '' was written by james weldon johnson in 1900 .  the spiritual hymn is recognized as the `` black national anthem '' .  hbcu professor timothy askew claims a national anthem for one race is racially divisive and separatis .
 black iraqis make obama a model to follow <sec> iraqis of african descent are marginalized by society , called `` slave '' .  obama 's victory makes black iraqis feel closer to u.s. , one says .  slate of black candidates will stand for election for first time in modern ira .
 first-ever oil paintings found in afghanistan <sec> afghan cave murals show asia oil painting pre-dates european .  art found in caves in bamiyan , central afghanistan .  hardline taliban regime blew up giant buddha statues in bamiya .
 harper lee oks e-book version of 'to kill a mockingbird ' <sec> lee announced her decision on her 88th birthday .  the novel has sold more than 30 million copie .
