 internet dominates hotel guest complaints <sec> problems with hotel internet are top concerns .  customers who interact with hotel staff report high satisfaction .  guests who research their stays ahead of time also enjoy their hotels mor .
 syrian forces hammer aleppo as the opposition urges action <sec> new : the head of the syrian national council warns the regime is planning a massacre .  new : he calls on allies to act outside of the u.n. security council .  new : at least 160 people are killed across syria on saturday , says an opposition group .  kofi annan expresses concern for an `` imminent battle '' in syria 's largest cit .
 fifa has 'ugly ' culture , claims ex-english fa chief triesman <sec> former english football association chairman labels culture of fifa as `` ugly '' .  david triesman was the first independent chairman of the fa .  says fifa needs to have change in personnel to repair image .  triesman spent time in qatar during his days working for british foreign offic .
 da 's office sends chris brown case back to police <sec> new : l.a. da 's office wants more investigation of chris brown case .  police : brown turned himself in after woman accused him of attacking her .  police have n't named woman ; sources say it was girlfriend rihann .
 hollywood 's african-american film renaissance <sec> in 2013 , half a dozen movies portraying the african-american experience have been released .  the trend may signify a renaissance of african-american film .  but some actors look forward to the day when the trend is not an anomal .
 clinton urges japan and china to return to talks over disputed islands <sec> clinton : peaceful relations are `` in all of our interest '' .  uninhabited islands have stirred up tension between china and japan .  clinton says islands `` are part of our mutual treaty obligations .
 could egypt fall apart ? <sec> egypt 's raging conflict `` may lead to the collapse of the state , '' defense minister says .  the remark is a warning that things are getting out of control , analysts say .  but experts largely agree that the remark is `` a bit over the top '' .  egypt 's government needs to build `` confidence '' among its people , clinton say .
 john mcafee says he faked heart attack to avoid deportation to belize <sec> new : belize authorities want to talk to mcafee , a spokesman says .  he 's been on the run since his belize neighbor was found dead november 11 .  mcafee has said belize authorities are corrupt and have been trying to get him .  after being on the run and in immigration detention , he arrived in miami on wednesda .
 barge runs aground on mississippi river ; historic drought continues <sec> the mississippi river was closed at two locations after a barge ran aground .  the greenville closure affects a 10-mile stretch of the lower mississippi .  the army corps of engineers carried out dredging operations near la crosse , wisconsi .
 parents of missing missouri baby say they are cooperating <sec> new : parents say they are cooperating with police , relative says .  lisa irwin 's mother says the girl is `` everything '' .  lisa was last seen asleep in her crib at 10:30 p.m. monday .  police say her parents are not suspects in her disappearanc .
 cold meds sending fewer babies to er <sec> in 2007 , drug manufacturers voluntarily pulled infant cough-and-cold medicines from stores .  many of the children under 2 who came to the er had ingested the meds on their own .  medicine manufacturers have taken steps to standardize their dosing device .
 justices are well-off , well-traveled <sec> reports show david souter may be the wealthiest member of supreme court .  samuel alito , the busiest traveler , made 33 expense-paid trips in 2007 .  chief justice john roberts recorded 63 investments and trust .
 why rand paul stands out <sec> julian zelizer : rand paul , due to announce for presidency , has attracted a lot of attention .  he says the kentucky senator can appeal to younger republicans with a libertarian brand of conservatis .
 father of homeless man beaten to death sues police in california <sec> new : police in fullerton , california , decline to comment ; they have n't reviewed lawsuit .  new : father of a homeless man beaten to death says he 's considering running for mayor .  new : mother , divorced from father , reached a $ 1 million settlement with the city .  security cam footage shows police beating kelly thomas , 37 , who was schizophreni .
 cyclone death toll near 200 in india , bangladesh <sec> powerful cyclone in india , bangladesh kills nearly 200 people , officials say .  cyclone aila has left thousands of people homeless in both countries .  aila packed winds up to 50 miles per hour ( 80 kilometers .
 first papal visit for charles since divorce <sec> uk 's prince charles meets pope for first time since divorce from princess diana .  heir to uk throne was accompanied by 2nd wife , camilla , duchess of cornwall .  charles 's first visit to vatican since he attended funeral of pope john paul i .
 50-plus-vehicle pileup clogs new hampshire interstate <sec> new : i-93 reopens five hours after crash involving cars , buses , 18-wheelers .  bus taking boy scouts on ski trip was near front of pileup , witness says .  no fatalities or major injuries reported ; at least 10 taken to hospitals , police say .  police say there was 10 inches of snow on the ground where wreck occurre .
 opinion : food stamp cuts a cruel proposal <sec> donna brazile : americans are generous and help people who are down on their luck .  brazile : lawmakers will take food from poor americans by cutting food stamps .  half of american live in or near poverty , she says , and food stamps help stave off hunger .  lawmakers should cut their own lavish expense accounts for steak and wine , she say .
 'inception ' : the stuff that dreams are made of <sec> `` inception '' is a spectacular fantasy thriller based on director christopher nolan 's screenplay .  leonardo dicaprio digs around in people 's subconscious while they dream .  `` inception '' is the summer 's best bet to bust the block .
 nuptials trump sleep for u.s. royal watchers <sec> americans wake before dawn to watch the ceremony .  `` it 's an opportunity to watch a modern fairy tale , '' an atlanta resident says .  churches , bars and hotels host viewing parties .  festivities are going on nationwide as businesses capitalize on the weddin .
 djokovic has third indian wells title in his sights , as murray and <sec> novak djokovic booked his place in the quarter finals at indian wells .  andy murray and stanislas wawrinka lose against lower seeded opponents .  federer joins djokovic with easy win over germany 's tommy haas .  first women 's semi final set to feature agnieszka radwanska and simona hale .
 thousands attend tucson gun show one week after shootings <sec> gun show held in tucson , arizona , one week after massacre .  organizer said killings had nothing to do with gun ownership .  attendance expected to be higher than most year .
 blizzard makes travel 'dangerous ' or 'impossible ' in parts of west , midwest <sec> new : authorities reopened i-40 westbound in the texas panhandle .  blizzard warnings that had threatened northeast new mexico have expired .  new mexico , colorado , kansas , oklahoma and texas are affected .  normal operations have resumed at texas ' rick husband amarillo international airpor .
 tv channel to broadcast assisted suicide <sec> assisted suicide of 59-year-old briton craig ewert sceduled to be shown on tv .  ewert , a motor neurone disease sufferer , went to swiss assisted suicide clinic .  assisted suicide is illegal in britain and carries 14-year prison term .  no one in the uk has been prosecuted under the 1961 suicide ac .
 tea party could make or break romney <sec> julian zelizer : romney faces a big challenge in trying to win enthusiastic tea party support .  gop presidential candidates have had different approaches to right wing factions .  some have chosen to court the right wing , other have chosen to remain hands off , he says .  zelizer : romney needs to find way to gain tea party support but not alienate the cente .
 do n't criminalize 'k2 , ' regulate it <sec> grant smith : `` k2 , '' sometimes called synthetic marijuana , should be regulated for safety .  but , he says , lawmakers must not duplicate costly , futile war against marijuana .  criminalizing the treated herbal mix k2 will turn trade over to drug dealers , smith writes .  smith : regulating k2 generates revenue , saves millions on prosecution of user .
 charity gets win for now over obamacare on contraception <sec> charity run by nuns sought exemption from health law contraception mandates .  supreme court preserves exemption while issue is handled by lower courts .  the decision will have a broader impact on enforcement of requirements .  new : lawyers for charity praise supreme court decision ; planned parenthood says it 's a narrow orde .
 new jersey student drops lawsuit against parents <sec> new : `` the case is over . .  it 's time to move on , '' parents ' attorney says .  rachel canning , 18 , had sued her mother and father for financial support , college tuition .  she had returned home last wednesday .  she had alleged she was forced to leavehome ; parents said she left on her ow .
 hong kong protesters passionate but 'gullible ' <sec> protests `` a very dangerous , obviously illegal movement , '' says chen zuo'er .  chen helped negotiate with the british side over the 1997 handover of power to china .  occupy central has attacked pillars of economic prosperity and social stability , he says .  chen : `` one country , two systems '' is a fundamental national polic .
 teen says he 's sorry about florida boy 's burning <sec> jeremy jarvis , 13 , who saw teen set on fire , apologizes , says he 's praying for recovery .  authorities say police have been able to interview victim for first time since incident .  victim , michael brewer , 15 , is in guarded condition at university of miami hospital burn center .  jeremy jarvis not charged ; extent of his involvement under investigation , attorney say .
 jared loughner to be forced to take anti-psychotic medication <sec> he has crying fits and has asked to die , prosecutors said .  the suspect has been diagnosed as schizophrenic , prosecutors said .  loughner 's attorneys say forcing him to take strong drugs violates his rights .  he is accused of shooting u.s. rep. gabrielle giffords and several other .
 bad weather halts south korean search for sailors <sec> high winds caused by stormy weather delay search for missing south korean sailors .  46 sailors missing after explosion sank a naval ship friday in the yellow sea .  58 seamen were rescued soon after blast ; no bodies or survivors found since then .  military officials say an explosion tore a hole in the rear of the ship ; cause of the blast not know .
 can benfica finally lift the curse of bela guttman ? <sec> benfica draw 0-0 at juventus to seal a place in the europa league final .  portuguese side get another chance to break the curse of bela guttman .  former manager cursed the club after being refused a pay rise in 1962 .  benfica will play sevilla after they defeated fellow spanish side valenci .
 analysis : clinton speech hit obama 's marks <sec> ex-president 's 48-minute speech , much of it ad-libbed , was classic clinton .  clinton promoted the value of bipartisanship in getting things done in the real world .  he was able to re-frame romney without alienating swing voter .
 an unseen , personal battle at the state of the union <sec> veteran matt cooke , a survivor of the fort hood massacre , attends state of the union .  he suffers from post traumatic stress disorder and wonders if congress cares .  fort hood hero just wants to get through the day .  cooke wants fort hood to be identified as an act of terroris .
 police : imf head questioned in connection with alleged sexual assault <sec> new : strauss-kahn did well in polls of possible french presidential candidates .  no charges have been filed in the alleged incident .  police say strauss-kahn was naked when he tried to forced himself on a n.y. hotel employee .  the hotel employee escaped , and police took strauss-kahn off a paris-bound fligh .
 u.s. aid worker released from haiti jail <sec> paul waggoner had been held for 18 days in port-au-prince .  he was jailed on suspicion of kidnapping a 15-month-old boy .  waggoner says boy 's parents were trying to extort him .  he says he wants to do more aid work in hait .
 why yemen has come undone <sec> goldstone : u.s. policy of drone-bombing al qaeda terrorists ignores need to build social stability .  he says country now in chaos , virtually ungoverned and vulnerable to jihadist element .
 wto rules china must open markets <sec> china violates free-trade rules by impeding direct access to markets , wto says .  china rejects charges .  `` this decision promises to level the playing field , '' u.s. trade representative say .
 'synthetic tree ' claims to catch carbon in the air <sec> `` synthetic tree '' would capture carbon dioxide in the air to reduce emissions .  trapped carbon would be compressed to liquid co2 ready for sequestration .  technology is being developed by scientists at columbia university in the u.s . .  broecker : `` i think this is something that the world 's going to have to have .
 study : acetaminophen reduces not only pain but pleasure <sec> subjects taking acetaminophen reacted less strongly to both pleasant and unpleasant photos .  each week , 52 million americans use the pain reliever .  unknown whether other pain products produce the same effec .
 ronaldo hat-trick keeps faint real madrid hopes alive <sec> cristiano ronaldo scores a hat-trick as real madrid thrash getafe 4-0 .  it takes ronaldo 's tally to seven in two games after his four goals against sevilla .  the result keeps madrid 's faint hopes of winning the spanish title alive .  barcelona will be crowned champions if they defeat levante on wednesday .  milan 's hopes of winning italian double are over after losing to palermo in cup semifina .
 reports : shelling kills at least 30 in somalia <sec> 30 people killed after shelling in somali capital mogadishu according to reports .  journalists report shell fire coming from african union mission in somalia stronghold .  military force amisom has denied any involvement in the inciden .
 cnn fact check : what really happened in china tire case ? <sec> the chinese `` were flooding us '' with cheap tires , obama says .  `` gov . .  romney criticized me for being too tough in that tire case '' .  romney said obama 's action was `` decidedly bad for the nation .
 boy scouts leadership affirms policy of excluding 'open or avowed ' gays <sec> the policy affects `` open or avowed homosexuals '' .  the decision was reached after a nearly two-year evaluation .  `` this is the best policy for the organization , '' a bsa executive committee says .  the national gay and lesbian task force calls the decision `` disappointing .
 air fare : the world 's best airport restaurants <sec> a new wave of restaurants is bringing upscale cuisine to airports .  many of the chefs involved are michelin-starred .  some in the public sections of terminals even draw non-traveling locals .  skytrax recently named hong kong airport 's restaurants the world 's bes .
 body of missing girl found in suitcase <sec> israeli police divers on find suitcase with human remains inside .  body believed to be that of missing 4-year-old girl .  disappearance of rose pizam likened to that of madeleine mccan .
 bahrain police move to block access to mosque <sec> prominent shia cleric qassim delivered sermon .  police reportedly seal off access to mosque .  teen boy struck by vehicle during unrest and kille .
 working mother report : are millennial moms more traditional ? <sec> millennials , more than any other generation , believe one parent should stay home , report says .  the report found millennials also believe a mom who works sets a positive example for the child .  millennials think parents should be able to step in and out of their careers , editor says .  millennials are happier than gen xers and baby boomers , according to the repor .
 admiral 's e-mail on photos on osama bin laden corpse : 'destroy them ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> then-vice adm. william mcraven sent an e-mail dated may 13 , 2011 .  concerns were high about the possible leak of photos of osama bin laden 's corpse .  his orders : `` if you still have them destroy them immediately or get them to the [ redacted . ] '' .  the conservative activist group judicial watch obtained the e-mail .
 election a stark choice on america 's future <sec> david gergen , michael zuckerman : gop convention jump-starts general election .  they say it 's a `` choice '' election , presenting radically different visions about government 's role .  writers : election breaks tradition , not pivoting to center for general , but staying with base .  writers : vote may force voters reckoning with stark question : big government or small .
 'dancing with the stars ' winners are ... <sec> the winning pair were announced tuesday night .  they displayed chemistry throughout the season .  chmerkovskiy joked about having babie .
 6 die as cyclone hudhud uproots trees in india <sec> more than 200,000 people have been evacuated .  the cyclone comes in on top of high tide , which could mean a higher storm surge .  hudhud has the strength of a category 3 hurrican .
 palin 's fox news deal a political sign ? <sec> sarah palin will appear as a contributor on fox news , source tells cnn .  source : former alaska governor will not anchor her own program .  palin joins ranks of many other politicians who have become analysts , co-contributor .
 iranian diplomacy underscores obama 's search for second-term legacy <sec> obama administration seeking iran deal as part of wider mideast strategy , says andrew hammon .  deal would reportedly see iran 's nuclear capacity capped for six months , opened up to inspection .  since re-election , obama has achieved little policy success amid political gridlock - hammond .  foreign policy allows obama potential for long-term success , he add .
 russian presidential term extended to 6 years <sec> many believe change is designed to bring former president vladimir putin back .  putin stepped down as president in may after two terms and is now pm .  dmitri medvedev proposed in november that head of state 's term be lengthene .
 landmark sudan census seeks to determine power balance <sec> census-takers fan out across sudan this week in a landmark headcount .  count will be used to determine how power is shared in the war-torn country .  north-south tensions continue to simmer , threatening the return of civil wa .
 north korea 's troubling nuclear progress <sec> report says north korea may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads .  victor cha : washington has tended to downplay north korean threat .
 a plan to reconstruct my country <sec> haitian pierre fouche says he studied earthquake engineering in anticipation of such a disaster .  he says haiti 's buildings are terribly designed to resist quake damage .  haiti needs comprehensive urban-planning approach in reconstruction , he says .  fouche : to rebuild , need multi-hazard engineering , strict codes , education and mone .
 tabby named puddy cat and owner defrauded of $ 450k , prosecutors say <sec> two massachusetts women charged with stealing $ 450,000 from elderly neighbor .  the bulk of the money was to go to a tabby named puddy cat .  suspects plead not guilty to 63-count indictment .  they allegedly used stolen money for mini cooper , ipad , exercise equipment and mor .
 suicide bomber targets qatari delegation in somalia , 8 dead <sec> new : eight people were killed in the suicide bombing , officials say .  the somali interior minister was not with the delegation , his office says .  the islamist militia al-shabaab claims responsibility for the attack .  the radical group has staged several other recent attacks in the natio .
 anti-gay backlash a stage on the way to social justice <sec> jane velez-mitchell says recent anti-gay violence and remarks point up surge in homophobia .  but , she says , the `` social cancer '' of such views is revealed in subtle ways , too .  gay issues are in the news ; people are forced to face their biases . .  it can get ugly , she says .  writer : backlash a stage toward social justice ; we should ensure we 're not complicit in hat .
 report : pentagon lost almost 200,000 weapons in iraq <sec> pentagon : not aware of reports of insurgents with u.s.-issued weapons .  u.s. lost track of 110,000 ak-47 rifles , 80,000 pistols for iraqi security forces .  training command blames lack of staff for weapons problem .  defense department agrees to revise oversight procedure .
 keira knightley tv spot targets domestic violence <sec> two-minute ad shown in u.k. depicts actress being beaten by boyfriend .  charity 's spot will be on television and in movie theaters .  women 's aid says two women in u.k. killed by current or ex-partner each wee .
