 boston bombing trial : deliberations to continue <sec> court has adjourned for the day after more than seven hours of deliberations .  jurors sent out two questions that are set to be addressed wednesday .  if dzhokhar tsarnaev is found guilty of at least one capital count , trial will go to penalty phas .
 hollande slams former minister over hidden bank account <sec> francois hollande says he is `` stupefied and angry '' about jerome cahuzac 's confession .  cahuzac admitted having an undeclared swiss bank account after months of denials .  the former budget minister is being investigated for suspected tax evasion .  `` cahuzac did not benefit from any protection , '' hollande state .
 hard life of cairo 's 80,000 taxi drivers <sec> life has got harder for taxi drivers since the revolution , says khaled alkhamissi .  author has been unable to concentrate on writing since january .  my grim futuristic novel could come true , says author ahmed khaled towfi .
 leaving business behind to peddle to success <sec> dani foffa was a business analyst before starting a bike company .  his foffa bikes design and manufacture urban bicycles .  they have been named as one of the ten best commuter bikes by the independent , a uk newspape .
 how many ways can romney say no to 2016 ? <sec> mitt romney said after losing 2012 presidential race that he was done .  recent poll shows that he would top 2016 gop candidates , at least in new hampshire .  romney has consistently said no -- in different ways -- to questions about another ru .
 philippine floods cause more chaos in waterlogged manila <sec> `` it was raining nonstop , '' a resident of one badly hit province says .  floods drive more than 280,000 people from their homes .  eight people have been killed and four others are missing .  60 % of metro manila was reported to be under water tuesda .
 golden globes ratings biggest in six years : fey , poehler beat gervais <sec> the golden globe awards scored biggest ratings in six years .  sunday 's awards delivered 19.7 million viewers and a 6.4 rating among adults 18-49 .  that 's up 28 % in the demo from 201 .
 hospital official : james gandolfini probably died of a heart attack <sec> friend michael kobold says family found gandolfini in his room , raised the alarm .  head of a rome hospital 's emergency department : death likely from `` a natural cause '' .  gandolfini was dead when he arrived by ambulance at a rome hospital , official says .  medical examiners must conduct an autopsy within 24 hours after the body 's arrival in the morgu .
 tensions rise in israel between ultra-orthodox jews and mainstream israelis <sec> tensions increasing between israel 's ultra-orthodox community and israeli mainstream .  the haredim make up roughly 10 % of israel and are fastest growing segment of population .  the haredim constitute a powerful voting block in israel 's coalition governmen .
 papa john 's apologizes for receipt 's racial slur <sec> minhee cho 's receipt goes viral online after she posts it on twitter .  `` just fyi my name is n't 'lady chinky eyes , ' '' cho tweets .  `` this act goes against our company values , '' papa john 's says .  cho wants the controversy `` to blow over , '' her employer say .
 va looking into possible contamination at medical facilities <sec> agency seeing whether veteran 's aids infection , endoscopy equipment linked .  16 other vets at 2 va facilities also test positive for hepatitis .  more than 10,000 vets possibly exposed to hiv , hepatitis while having procedures .  equipment used in procedures at 3 va facilities had n't been properly cleane .
 high court rules for broadcasters on tv 'indecency ' <sec> the supreme court blocks fcc policies against `` fleeting '' expletives and nudity .  the commission failed to give networks fair notice of punishment , the ruling says .  a federal appeals court had concluded the policies were vague and inconsistently applie .
 ruler of the world crowned king of epsom derby <sec> ruler of the world ends dawn approach 's hopes of english triple crown .  rated at 7/1 odds , he wins by one and a half lengths from libertarian .  2,000 guineas victor dawn approach , son of the 2008 victor , fades to second last .  epsom derby is england 's most prestigious race and second leg of triple crow .
 toyota reaches settlement with families after fatal crash <sec> new : attorney : toyota does not admit liability .  four family members were killed in a lexus crash last year .  911 call : `` there 's no brakes '' .  investigation : an accelerator pedal probably became stuck on a floor ma .
 ba and unite union accept deal <sec> unite says it will not be calling for any industrial action following the talks .  agreement to be put to a ballot of 7,000 workers , with recommendation to accep .
 angela ahrendts : the burberry ceo who reinvented a heritage brand for the digital age <sec> who is angela ahrendts , new apple vice president of retail and online ? .  mother-of-three snubbed the oscars to spend time with family .  grew up one of six siblings in indiana and dreamed of working in fashion .  helped turn around burberry , fashion know-how may be used in new apple iwatc .
 real-life solutions to ugly workout side effects <sec> goggles ' suction can accentuate eye puffiness and dark circles .  most sports bras barely control breasts ' figure-8 movement during a workout .  purchase coolmax or drifit undergarments to avoid wedgie .
 rand paul : irs scandal needs more than a scapegoat <sec> rand paul : forcing out acting irs commissioner is n't a sufficient remedy to scandal .  by political targeting , irs endangered the heart of u.s. democracy , he says .  paul : it 's not about gop vs. dems but unrestrained government vs. individual right .
 obama stops in indonesia , could leave early due to volcanic ash <sec> new : obama could leave indonesia early due to mount merapi eruptions .  the u.s. president arrives in indonesia after three days in india .  he is scheduled to meet with indonesian president susilo bambang yudhoyono .  his asia tour will include the g-20 summit in south korea and the apec summit in japa .
 first restored corvette damaged by museum sinkhole <sec> gm unveils first restored corvette from national corvette museum sinkhole disaster .  a 2009 blue devil zr1 was shown publicly monday in las vegas .  it 's the first of three corvettes slated to be restored ; five other corvettes were too damaged .  a $ 3.2 million project to fix the giant sinkhole at the museum begins monda .
 study : man had gut fermentation syndrome , making him drunk <sec> texas man was inexplicably drunk without ingesting alcohol , case study says .  his wife started giving him breathalyzer tests ; he would register as high as 0.40 .  observation by doctors showed that a yeast overgrowth in his gut fermented food , made alcohol .  the condition is called gut fermentation syndrome and is fairly rare , authors sa .
 righteous rocker paved way for new genre of music <sec> larry norman was christian rock musician before genre existed .  his first solo album , `` upon this rock , '' came out in late 1969 .  norman 's fans include u2 , guns n ' roses and bob dylan .  more than 300 versions of norman 's songs have been recorded by other artist .
 lori berenson returns to peru <sec> lori berenson had permission to be in the united states until january 11 .  she returned to peru thursday .  her family says they enjoyed her visit .  berenson is on parole until the completion of her sentence in 201 .
 why we needed an imams ' declaration for peace <sec> dr. david liepert : al qaeda has come to dominate u.s. , canadian view of islam .  liepert says 50 islamic scholars in canada are taking back the religion from radical muslims .  violence and rivalries have no place in faith -- any faith , liepert says .  he says declaration repudiates anyone who seeks to use islam for any purpose but peac .
 scientists dig up giant virus more than 30,000 years old in siberia <sec> researchers find a giant virus that survived in the siberian permafrost .  they name it pithovirus sibericum and says its harmless to people .  but scientists warn the thawing of permafrost could bring threats to humans .  the return of viruses like smallpox is no longer `` science fiction , '' a french institution say .
 lunar mission tests china 's space program <sec> new : china launched an experimental spacecraft on friday .  new : the spacecraft will orbit the moon before returning to earth .  mission tests technology that will be used in a more ambitious space mission .  china 's space program hopes eventually to send a man to the moo .
 opinion : why we conservatives are still getting it wrong with bundy <sec> conservative writer crystal wright is outraged by her party 's embrace of racist rancher bundy .  her followers on twitter have tried to make excuses for bundy 's comments .  some conservatives initially applauded bundy 's stand against the federal government .  wright : `` the real insult is bundy never should have been embraced in the first place .
 food bank benefits from phelps ' bong troubles <sec> kellogg 's donated two tons of cereal to the san francisco food bank .  company dumped the cereal boxes with michael phelps ' face after bong incident .  food bank director : helpful donation is `` making good from bad '' .  more than 3,000 boxes of cereal went to help those who were hungr .
 oldest medal of honor recipient , 100 , downplays 'hero ' talk <sec> in pearl harbor attack , john finn was wounded in head and limbs but fought on .  finn 's medal citation states he continued to `` return the enemy 's fire vigorously '' .  congressional medal of honor society convention is in chicago this wee .
 police violence reaching new levels in morocco with sunday beatings <sec> protesters say police on motorcycles struck out with truncheons .  government spokesman says demonstrators were provocative .  eu calls for restraint from government .  protesters want more freedom , jobs , better condition .
 up to 3 ebola-infected travelers might fly each month <sec> scientists use model to predict number of ebola-infected travelers leaving west africa .  up to three people with the deadly virus might travel internationally each month .  majority of people flying out of affected countries are going to low- or middle-income nation .
 saleh returns to yemen as al-awlaki was killed <sec> president ali abdullah saleh recently returned to yemen in a surprise move .  he says all his enemies are connected to al qaeda .  saleh has the reputation of being a wily politicia .
 blue sky thinking delivers historic yellow for wiggins <sec> bradley wiggins claims historic victory for britain in tour de france .  team sky teammate chris froome finishes second .  government backing for cycling in britain plays key role .  team sky had promised tour de france winner in five year .
 arab citizens of israel face big moment in election <sec> ayman odeh is a new face in politics : he is an israeli citizen and a charismatic lawyer of palestinian descent .  under odeh 's leadership , israel 's tiny , splintered arab parties have teamed up .  they are poised to take as many as 15 seats in the knesse .
 iran : satellite launch is 'source of pride ' <sec> iran 's president hails launch of first satellite into orbit as `` source of pride '' .  united states confirms iran launched low-earth orbit satellite monday night .  launch coincides with 30th anniversary of victory of islamic revolution .  in august , iran said it tested rocket capable of launching satellite into orbi .
 'apocalypse ' scribe reveals top oscar war films <sec> oscar-nominated writer john milius rates war films , including `` the hurt locker '' .  milius , who wrote `` apocalypse now '' calls oscars hollywood 's `` senior prom '' .  `` avatar 's '' private army idea sort of sounds like blackwater , he says .  `` inglourious basterds '' director quentin tarantino has `` loosened up the whole stodgy industry .
 opinion : the lesson we did n't learn from newtown <sec> david frum : the good news , a year after newton , is growing state spending on mentally ill .  yet such worthy efforts wo n't stop some troubled people from gun violence , he says .  frum : superabundance of guns in the u.s. puts weapons in easy reac .
 tony robinson 'felt a misfit most of his life ' <sec> tony robinson 's uncle says the teen often felt like a misfit .  the 19-year-old was killed by a police officer in madison , wisconsin , last week .  he pleaded guilty to armed robbery but was turning his life around , his family say .
 autopsy : no more clues on how lottery winner was poisoned <sec> coroner : no cyanide found in post-exhumation autopsy , likely because death was too long ago .  but the coroner says cyanide poisoning still is the cause of death .  urooj khan , 46 , died day after illinois lottery gave him $ 425k for winning scratch-off game .  toxicology tests found cyanide in his blood after a tip from a relativ .
 u.s. considers venezuela 's incoming defense chief a drug 'kingpin ' <sec> gen. henry rangel silva will replace carlos mata figueroa , avn news agency said .  the united states added rangel to its drug `` kingpin '' list in 2008 .  the action froze rangel 's assets in the u.s. and forbade citizens to do business with him .  president hugo chavez reportedly describes rangel as a `` good soldier .
 norway investigates reports of u.s. spying <sec> the nordic country asks the u.s. embassy to explain the alleged surveillance .  not satisfied with his answers , they launch an investigation .  the probe follows a tv report claiming the u.s. is spying illegally .  the u.s. state department says its embassies are target .
 hands-on with the new apple watch <sec> apple 's new smartwatches were on display at the company 's press event on tuesday .  the watch faces come in two sizes to accommodate smaller wrists .  battery life , resolution and other specs are still unknow .
 opinion : colbert is taking a big risk <sec> david bianculli : colbert slated to replace letterman ; great for cbs , risky for colbert .  he says colbert brings new late-night essentials : social media savvy , buzz .  but colbert could lose edge when he drops persona ; will fans follow him , he asks ? .  bianculli 's bet is that colbert , a smart interviewer , will likely do well as himsel .
 fda approves morning-after pill without prescription for girls 15 and older <sec> new : fda : morning-after pill can be sold over-the-counter to women 15 and older .  new decision is not related to litigation surrounding brooklyn judge 's order .  previously , the morning-after pill required a prescription for women 17 and olde .
 time running out for african-american collection <sec> nathaniel montague spent 50 years collecting rare , books , photographs , paintings .  he overextended himself with loans to pay for archiving and housing , had to file bankruptcy .  creditor granted six months to find a buyer , no one has stepped up .  if no buyer is found by mid-july , the 8,000-piece collection could be sold piecemea .
 new mexico governor takes aim at immigrant driver 's licenses <sec> martinez : `` i believe the most effective solution is to simply repeal this dangerous law '' .  some hope the governor , who has tried to repeal the law before , will compromise this time .  new mexico , washington grant unrestricted driver 's licenses to undocumented immigrants .  driver 's licenses are at the heart of a new battle in the nationwide immigration debat .
 american injured in shooting in saudi arabia <sec> two u.s. citizens fired on near a royal palace in hofuf , saudi arabia , u.s. embassy says .  `` security forces are investigating , '' embassy say .
 isis video claims to show beheading of alan henning <sec> nsc confirms peter kassig , american shown on video , is being held by isis .  isis claims to have beheaded another westerner .  video appears to show the killing of alan henning , a british aid worke .
 massachusetts teen on trial , accused of texting before fatal crash <sec> the trial of aaron deveau , now 18 , began this week in haverhill , massachusetts .  authorities say he was texting before a fatal crash , then erased some of the texts .  the defense argues authorities had an agenda in trying to link texting with the crash .  the teen had told police after the incident , `` i was tired , i was distracted .
 second autopsy awaits boston bombing suspect <sec> new : dzhokhar tsarnaev 's laptop was turned over the night of an fbi raid , attorney says .  tamerlan tsarnaev 's death certificate says he was doa , `` dead on arrival '' .  source : investigators find explosives residue in three places at one suspect 's home .  source : brothers considered a suicide attack on july fourth , the suspect told investigator .
 isis launches attack on kirkuk <sec> u.s. military says chemical weapons expert killed in airstrike near mosul last week .  officials : iraqi forces fend off isis fighters in ramadi .  militants have taken over an area southwest of the city of kirku .
 news international to pay girl 's family in hacking case <sec> new : milly dowler 's family hopes `` some good '' comes out of settlement .  new : rupert murdoch says news of the world 's behavior was `` abhorrent '' .  rupert murdoch agrees to donate to charities chosen by girl 's family .  a phone-hacking scandal rocked britai .
 world cup : late goal gives portugal 2-2 draw with u.s . <sec> u.s. was seconds from winning before portugal 's silvestre varela scored off ronaldo cross .  u.s. led 2-1 on jermaine jones and clint dempsey goals .  portugal scored an early goal to take a 1-0 lead .  cristiano ronaldo plays despite a knee injury , does n't scor .
 movie , tv extra work : the fallback career ? <sec> the recession pushed some people into extra work , producer says .  many extras in `` parental guidance '' are between jobs , or looking to make extra cash .  movie extras in georgia typically make between $ 58 and $ 101.50 for an 8- to 12-hour da .
 online inauguration videos set records <sec> more people than ever go online to watch live video of inauguration .  nearly 27 million people watched streaming video on cnn.com live .  many news sites crashed during online coverage .  social networks partnered with news sites to increase traffic onlin .
 tennis channel wo n't air dubai tournament <sec> united arab emirates denies visa to israeli tennis player shahar peer .  tennis channel : sport should be 'driving force for inclusion ... on and off the courts ' .  wall street journal europe drops sponsorship of barclays dubai tennis tourney .  peer thanks channel : 'i was very moved and excited to hear about your decision .
 odd jobs run india 's economy <sec> about 95 percent of the indian workers work in the unorganized sector .  they work without a storefront , union representation or corporate structure .  often roadside services such as unlicensed denistry are practice .
 opinion : is shipwreck really columbus ' santa maria ? <sec> explorer says he found wreck of santa maria , flagship of columbus ' fleet , off haiti .  laurence bergreen believes discovery is highly unlikely , given erosion , shifts , tides .  bergreen : the wooden parts of the ship probably have not survived 500 years .  bergreen : given potential historic significance , this wreck needs careful examinatio .
 surfers rejoice , residents stock up as hawaii preps for rare cyclones <sec> big island under hurricane warning , hurricane iselle expected thursday night .  hurricanes and other tropical cyclones rarely make landfall in hawaii .  julio has potential to brush islands later as a tropical storm .  schools in hawaii and maui counties will be closed thursda .
 hard times and broken families haunt cuban exiles <sec> many americans see cuba as a playground of cigars , rum , beautiful beaches and baseball .  but the cuban revolution broke up families , and there 's a big gap between nation 's rich and poor .  some fear that any foreign investment in cuba wo n't benefit ordinary cubans .  many exiles feel that normalizing relations is another victory for a corrupt and evil dictatorshi .
 trump gives high marks to obama 's comedic timing <sec> donald trump calls annual white house press event an `` entertaining evening '' .  he was the focus of many of the jokes from obama and headliner seth meyers .  `` i expected that i was going to be zinged , '' trump say .
 ex-millionaire loses bid for new trial in fla. slayings <sec> judge in florida rules against new murder trial .  after 27 years in prison , lawyers claimed new evidence could free ex-millionaire .  kris maharaj 's lawyers say he was framed for a drug-money hit ordered by pablo escobar .  prosecutors say maharaj shot and killed a father and son in a miami hote .
 review : 'white house down ' is 'satisfyingly stupid ' <sec> `` white house down '' stars jamie foxx as potus and channing tatum as a police officer .  when mercenaries take over the white house , tatum dives in to protect the president .  roland emmerich 's `` white house down '' blows up sets and plausibility .  but when you 're having this much fun , why quibble .
 u.s. breaks from japan , expands evacuation zone near stricken reactors <sec> u.s. government urges american citizens to move 50 miles away .  japan calls for evacuations within 12 miles .  u.s. officials say the difference reflects how each country analyzes information .  it 's the first time since the disaster that the two differed on advising their citizen .
