 europe 's new threat : slow decay <sec> of 27 eu nations , 12 are more competitive in 2013 than 2012 , while 12 are are less competitive with three unchanged .  next month , croatia , one to emerge from yugoslavia in the 1990s , will become the 28 member of the e .
 marines targeting taliban in afghan push <sec> marine source describes fighting as `` our most significant encounter '' .  marines trying to rout taliban from stronghold in afghanistan 's helmand province .  marines and afghan forces in control of key town of khan neshin , source says .  marine killed in the u.s.-led offensive in southern afghanista .
 nato drone helicopter goes down in libya <sec> new : 5 rebels killed along frontline in dafniya , hospital officials say .  human rights watch reports landmines in the nafusa mountains .  the drone that went down was a u.s. fire scout , nato spokesman says .  u.s. senators introduce a resolution for limited u.s. involvemen .
 colorado mother kristin hopkins rescued after 5 days in wrecked car <sec> kristin hopkins , a single mother of four , was reported missing on april 29 .  she was found may 4 in her car on a steep hillside , about 50 yards from the highway .  she is in critical but stable condition , a family spokesman says .  hopkins tried to use an umbrella with notes on it to signal she needed hel .
 west must not intervene militarily in syria <sec> ed husain says pundits , others wrongly calling for military intervention in syria .  he says , first answer : what will that look like , specifically ? .  who will take control after assad ? .  he says military options would do much more harm than good ; u.s. must continue to resist .  husain : why do n't rebels ally with democracy like israel ? .  can assad find face-saving out .
 cnn student news - december 6 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 pakistani minister personally offers reward for anti-islam filmmaker 's death <sec> new : pakistan 's prime minister condemns the bounty , his spokesman says .  pakistan 's railway minister is personally offering a $ 100,000 reward for filmmaker 's death .  his party is concerned about the comments , saying `` we believe in nonviolence '' .  the filmmaker has already gone into hiding amid worldwide protest .
 sinai chaos threatens israel-egypt stability <sec> egypt 's sinai peninsula is becoming more lawless , sen. mark udall says .  instability there jeopardizes the 34-year-old peace between egypt and israel , he says .  udall : human trafficking in the sinai has become a human rights nightmare .  bolstering the sinai 's long-term economic prospects could begin to help , udall say .
 attorney general : getting pardoned mississippi murderers difficult <sec> mississippi 's attorney general slams outgoing gov . .  haley barbour .  joseph ozment pleaded guilty to the 1992 murder of rick montgomery .  he was released from prison after a pardon from barbour .  the pardons have stirred outrage from victim 's families and law enforcemen .
 china : christians scramble to save churches , crosses <sec> chinese christians keep watch to protect cross on wenzhou church .  authorities have demolished churches and removed more than 300 crosses .  they say the demolitions are part of a broader campaign to target illegal structures .  chinese church leaders say it 's the worst anti-christian crackdown in decade .
 uncovering the multi-million dollar fake degree industry <sec> degree mills sell bogus qualifications online , often without requiring any study .  an expert says at least 100,000 fake degrees are sold in the u.s. each year .  degree mills can be highly sophisticated and hard for authorities to shut dow .
 portugal smash seven goals past north korea in world cup rout <sec> portugal take a big step to escaping the world cup 's so-called `` group of death '' .  tiago nets a double as europeans thrash north korea 7-0 in rematch of 1966 clash .  cristiano ronaldo scores his first goal of the tournament as portugal go second in group g .  ivory coast need to defeat koreans by a similar margin and hope portugal lose to brazi .
 yemeni vp admits security situation is deteriorating <sec> new : `` there 's not a military answer anywhere , '' says adm. mullen .  yemen 's vice president says president ali abdullah saleh will return .  vp abdu rabu mansoor hadi says two types of u.s. drones targeting al qaeda .  saleh 's injuries are so severe that it 's unclear when he will return , hadi say .
 the greatest nation on earth ? <sec> `` u.s.a. the special '' is a staple of political rhetoric .  authors find citizens are proud but not evangelistic about the country .  view is similar to citizens of other countries but it 's magnified by u.s. powe .
 u.s. military : senior al qaeda chief killed in iraq <sec> abu qaswarah killed during an operation in mosul on october 5 .  he was second-in-command to al qaeda in iraq leader abu ayyub al-masri .  coalition forces tracked him down inside a building in the northern iraqi city .  u.s. military described abu qaswarah as a `` charismatic '' leade .
 trainer 's date with destiny at 'world 's most significant horse race ' <sec> andrew balding hoping to emulate his father ian by training an epsom derby winner .  the racehorse trainer is hoping that stud by the name of bonfire will win famous uk race .  ian balding enjoyed success in the 1971 derby with his horse mill reef .  queen will attend derby on june 2 as part of her diamond jubilee celebration .
 blur return to reclaim 'britpop ' crown <sec> iconic 'britpop ' band blur play comeback gig in london after six-year hiatus .  guitarist graham coxon returns to band after he was axed .  gig is most anticipated comeback of year along with the specials ' reunio .
 prosecutors call for strauss-kahn pimping charges to be dropped <sec> dominique strauss-kahn was investigated over sex parties at the hotel carlton in lille .  strauss-khan , a 64-year-old economist , has denied wrongdoing .  he stepped down as imf chief in 2011 after sex charges were filed in new york .  new york prosecutors dropped that case because of questions over his accuser 's credibilit .
 victoria 's secret exec : miranda kerr always an angel to me <sec> reports said that victoria 's secret is n't renewing miranda kerr 's contract .  the rumors suggested that kerr has `` a difficult reputation '' .  in a statement , victoria 's secret says it has no plans to stop working with he .
 solve immigration without a quick path to citizenship <sec> ruben navarrette : immigration reform on obama agenda , but deportations are his main record .  obama also allowed deferred action for young people ; eased re-entry rules .  politics over path to citizenship will stall reform again ; why not take it out of the mix , he says .  navarrette : undocumented immigrants , who help economy , deserve path to legal statu .
 moose , elk and eelpout ? oh , my ! <sec> practice the art of dogsledding in the maine woods .  mushers will compete in montana to qualify for the alaska iditarod .  drink to the ugliest fish in the world in minnesota .  track the soaring bald eagle in oklahoma , connecticut or illinoi .
 colombian rebels blamed for second deadly blast in a week <sec> car bombing at police station in cali , colombia , kills two people , wounds at least 14 .  farc rebels also blamed for last week 's bombing at video rental store in bogota .  suspect in cali attack dies in shootout with police after blast , mayor says .  cali explosion comes hours after farc releases four hostage .
 children best raised in their own environment , charity says <sec> save the children spokesman : children should be raised by extended family .  celebrities , groups best help children by supporting their communities , he says .  madonna is trying to adopt a girl from malaw .
 cdc lab problems have ripple effect on other outbreaks <sec> improprieties lead director to instruct labs to stop transferring out biological materials .  highest-security labs can no longer send out material .  the ban means other labs can no longer get the cdc 's hel .
 official : haiti cholera deaths rise above 330 as hurricane approaches <sec> the death toll from a cholera outbreak is 337 .  another 200 cases are suspected .  tomas is expected to near haiti on thursda .
 forgotten faces : japan 's comfort women <sec> nikon cancels a photo exhibition by ahn sehong on japan 's comfort women in tokyo .  photographer says he believes it demonstrates discrimination against the women .  `` comfort women '' is the term given to korean women used as sex slaves by japanese soldiers .  now in their 80s and 90s , the women are living their final years in poverty in rural chin .
 violence rocks pakistan city ; 9 killed <sec> many people were hurt .  the airport was cordoned off .  peshawar is near the pakistani tribal regio .
 north korea says it wo n't warn south korea before an attack <sec> north korea says it would not give notice before attacking south korea .  john kerry says north korea needs to show its serious about denuclearization .  he says the north 's actions can affect the situation in iran and other countries .  kerry spoke at the end of a three-day trip focused on the korean situatio .
 review : jennifer aniston 's 'life of crime ' <sec> `` life of crime '' is one of the poorer elmore leonard adaptations .  it stars jennifer aniston , yasiin bey and john hawkes .  the movie suffers from a lifeless script and directio .
 details , but no answers , in oregon mall shooting <sec> new : `` average talent , average grades , '' says school spokesman .  officials identify the shooter as jacob tyler roberts , 22 .  a mall employee heard the suspect announce he was the gunman .  `` i ca n't believe he did this , '' a friend of the shooter say .
 lawyers to seek new venue for ohio teen rape trial <sec> lawyer for one suspect is concerned about safety for his client .  a spokesman for state prosecutors had no direct comment sunday .  both steubenville , ohio , teens deny the allegations against them , their lawyers sa .
 reports : 13 nuns freed by kidnappers in syria <sec> new : the nuns are mobbed by crowds as they arrive in a syrian-lebanon border town .  nuns and workers kidnapped last year reportedly freed , pro-syrian regime media say .  lebanese official to state news : nuns freed in exchange for syrian prisoners ' release .  christians make up 10 % of syria 's population ; many back al-assad , fear islamist militant .
 mother begs for help to find abducted daughter in wales <sec> `` there must be someone out there who knows where she is , '' says april 's mother .  coral jones sobs as she pleads for information leading to the missing five-year-old .  april jones was abducted from the street near her home in a small mid-wales town .  police appeal for details on the movements of 46-year-old mark bridge .
 plant turns down $ 800 million for zeppelin reunion <sec> robert plant reportedly turned down $ 800 million deal for zeppelin reunion .  his publicist calls the report `` rubbish '' .  according to the uk daily mirror , band would do concerts in three cities .  plant is currently touring for his own solo albu .
 john lewis facts <sec> john lewis partnership began as a shop on london 's oxford street in 1864 .  all 67,100 employees are partners in the organization and own share .
 atwal makes golf history with maiden pga tour victory <sec> arjun atwal becomes first indian-born player to win on the pga tour .  atwal claimed the wyndham championship by one stroke from david toms .  indian lost his tour card last month after slipping down the money list .  the 37-year-old is the first qualifier to win on the tour for 24 year .
 bahamas by mail boat : can this unique tradition survive ? <sec> traveling the bahamas by mail boat is cheap . .  tickets for individual voyages cost $ 50 to $ 65 .  on humid nights you can sleep on deck , cooled by sea breezes beneath galaxies of stars .  the boats are a lifeline for some among bahamanian islands that are too small to receive air freigh .
 how to have a successful mammogram <sec> more than 35 million mammograms performed annually in the u.s . .  be screened at the same place every year ; makes comparing images easier .  minimize discomfort by going early in your monthly cycl .
 world reaction : 'my heart is in newtown ' <sec> people from haiti to pakistan express sorrow over killings in newtown , connecticut .  some say they were shocked over apparent targeting of kids .  issue of gun control proves as divisive globally as in the u.s .
 detroit man walks 21 miles for his daily commute <sec> detroit man thanks supporters .  james robertson has done much of his long journey to work on foot since his car broke down .  a newspaper article about his daunting commute spurs online fundraisers to buy new car .  `` we could use more men like james robertson in this world , '' one donor write .
 there 's a little pork in that bill : 5 most surprising provisions <sec> act includes billions for a project in the home state of one of the bill 's negotiators .  congress also put in money for flood-damaged areas , future wildfire fighting .  a rich widow who was married to senator who died in office to get $ 174,000 .  congress wo n't get cost of living bump to their check .
 justices hear case of anti-gay protests at military funerals <sec> new : justices question both sides on rights in free speech/privacy case .  members of westboro baptist church held anti-gay protest at soldier 's funeral .  dead soldier 's father , church claim rights were violated .  the church believes the soldier 's death was god 's punishment for homosexualit .
 whiz kid marc marquez seals second motogp crown in japan <sec> marc marquez defends his motogp crown with second place in japan .  the 21-year-old spaniard is the youngest rider to win back-to-back world titles .  marquez is the first honda driver to win title at home circuit of motegi .  `` i am always smiling and always happy , but also i feel pressure , '' says the spaniar .
 house republicans vote for business tax cut <sec> boehner says measure meant to help small businesses .  critics say the measure may not get the desired effect .  senate must weigh i .
 chikungunya virus spreads to cuba , u.s . <sec> chikungunya virus has spread to cuba , health officials say .  a case was also just confirmed in the u.s. state of georgia .  100,000 chikungunya cases have been documented in the caribbean this yea .
 georgia hot car death : more search warrants released <sec> justin ross harris is charged with murder in the death of his 22-month-old son .  police : harris was sexting with several women the day his child died in a hot car .  harris has pleaded not guilty and remains in jail after a judge denied bail .  `` oh , my god , what have i done ? '' .  harris yelled , according to a witnes .
 when did moderate become a political dirty word ? <sec> bob greene : politicians have been tossing around the word `` moderate '' like it 's an insult .  he says gop rivals deride mitt romney as a `` mushy '' massachusetts moderate .  but word connotes balance , care , evenhandedness , greene says .  he says americans are pretty centrist and the word will survive 2012 beatin .
 inmate who escaped prison in helicopter caught ; another surrounded <sec> authorities are negotiating with escaped inmate dany provencal .  benjamin hudon-barbeau , another inmate , is arrested , along with two other people .  the inmates escaped from a quebec prison in a helicopter .  the pilot of the helicopter was taken to a hospital ; he is not considered a suspec .
 somalia to siberia : unlikely story of the african nation 's bandy team <sec> somali national bandy team set up in small swedish town made up of refugees .  swedish local launched it to help integration with the 3,000 new inhabitants from africa .  bandy is akin to ice hockey but played on an ice rink the size of a football pitch .  players set to take on top teams at world championships just six months after starting skatin .
 cdc : h1n1 cases decrease as vaccine availability increases <sec> 43 states have widespread flu activity compared with 48 at beginning of month .  prevalence still higher than the peak activity in recent years , cdc says .  so far , states have been able to order 54.1 million doses , 11 million more than a week ago .  cdc cautions against traveling if you 're sick ; suggests getting vaccine , sneezing into sleev .
 america 's most attractive people <sec> can where you live affect the way you look ? .  t+l readers think so .  las vegas used to be ranked top city when it came to attractiveness .  charming accents may make the people of certain cities more attractiv .
 westerners in syria fight top concerns at forum - cnnpolitics.com <sec> annual aspen security conference brings together top national security figures .  discussion tends to trend toward current events .  tsa administrator says improvised explosives more of a concern than shoot-downs .  there might be a less-publicized reason that 2009 underwear bomb did n't detonat .
 costa concordia accident witnesses testify at captain 's trial <sec> prosecution witnesses describe chaos aboard the costa concordia after it hit rocks .  crew member ciro onorato says he was disappointed by captain 's handling of crisis .  ship 's head waiter says the captain invited him to the bridge to see giglio island close-up .  capt . .  francesco schettino is accused of manslaughter ; he says his actions saved live .
 ryder cup : mcilroy 's joy - selfies rule ok <sec> ryder cup organizers encourage selfies and sharing via social media at event .  reports had said there would be a ban on uploading photographs via social media .  rory mcilroy among many players who attract big following on twitter and facebook .  ultrafast wifi also on offer but restrictions in place to avoid disruption to player .
 melting glaciers force italy , swiss to redraw border <sec> melting glaciers in alps forcing italy and switzerland to redraw their borders .  italian military geographic institute blames climate change for melting .  switzerland cooperating with italians on potential change .
 do n't count 'doomsday asteroid ' out yet <sec> greg bear : asteroid apophis flew by this month and was much larger than expected .  named after an evil egyptian serpent god , apophis swings by every seven years .  bear : we can never be 100 % sure how close it will come or if events might change its course .  if apophis hit earth , he says , the blast would be the equivalent of over a billion tons of tn .
 winter storm to blanket plains , midwest <sec> new : tornado rips through longview , texas , downing power lines .  cnn 's chad myers says parts of minneapolis could see `` an almost record-breaking snow event '' .  heavy snow , `` gusty northwest winds '' to hit parts of south dakota .  chicago , illinois , and denver , colorado , also scramble because of weather threa .
 supreme court : old habits die hard <sec> there were signs the court could speak with a unanimous voice in key cases .  but then came monday 's ruling on obamacare and contraception .  there were 10 cases overall where decisions came down 5- .
 icy asteroid may shed light on where earth 's water came from <sec> report : scientists find first evidence of water on asteroid .  organic compounds were also found on 24 themis .  asteroids were once thought not to contain water because they were too close to su .
 euro 2016 : england and spain off to winning starts <sec> england edges past switzerland in european championship qualifier .  spain thrashes macedonia in opening game .  ukraine beaten at home by slovaki .
 poll : america not ready for 'jersey guy ' president <sec> a new poll shows hillary clinton would defeat chris christie in new jersey .  a majority of new jersey voters do n't think christie would be a good presiden .
 axa boss : a greek exit will not fix europe <sec> eurozone 's economic troubles are too complex to be solved by a greek exit , says axa ceo .  henri de castries says the insurer is keen to diversify its investments .  there are flaws in the construction of the euro , he says .  de castries : bank-run in italy and spain is the worst-case scenari .
 will the senate change cory booker ? <sec> newark mayor cory booker won the dem . .  primary for the senate seat from n.j . .  many polls have him well ahead of his republican challenger for the oct. 16 special election .  his national popularity has led some to worry if he is `` famous for being famous .
 two die in hurricane-whipped surf <sec> girl who died after being swept into atlantic ocean off maine identified .  bill , a category 1 hurricane sunday , downgraded to unnamed storm monday .  two other people rescued after being swept into ocean .  man died saturday in surf off florid .
