 hurricane humberto ruins shot at a 2013 record <sec> 2013 was almost a record-setter for latest first hurricane formation .  humberto formed in the far eastern atlantic early wednesday .  forecasters predict an above-average year for atlantic storms .  hurricane season ends on november 3 .
 opinion : obama 's big debt limit deception <sec> newt gingrich says obama wrongly claims debt limit has n't been subject to negotiations .  he says president is wrong in saying obamacare is n't relevant to the budget .  gingrich says there 's long history of presidents negotiating with congress on debt limit .  gingrich : if obama can negotiate with putin and al-assad , he should negotiate with congres .
 opinion : why clinton 's comments matter <sec> jeff cook-mccormac says that hillary clinton 's comments about wealth have a deeper impact on america .  this , he says , might make for good politics , but is ultimately bad for the country .  clinton also has come under fire for $ 225,000 in speaking fees for a nevada speec .
 can a new office suite keep microsoft on top ? <sec> microsoft announces its windows 8-friendly products , office 13 and office 365 .  office reigns as microsoft 's most lucrative product with 90 % market share of pcs .  expanding office to tablets may be necessary for growt .
 degarmo : harder for 'everyday joe ' on 'idol ' <sec> degarmo : it 's harder for the `` everyday joe '' to get on `` american idol '' .  it 's more about what you 're doing on the 'idol ' stage , she says .  kris allen and adam lambert compete in the season final .
 the simple thing your mall can do to protect you <sec> mall security focuses on protecting merchandise .  retired cop dan murphy came up with a plan that focuses on shoppers .  mall of america does lockdown drills , similar to what schools practice .  drills are n't a `` silver bullet , '' but they could minimize potential harm , murphy say .
 samoa rugby star suspended indefinitely <sec> eliota fuimaono-sapolu receives an indefinite suspension from rugby .  the center failed to turn up to a discplinary hearing following comments made on twitter .  italy 's leonardo ghiraldini banned for 15 weeks for gouging eyes of ireland 's cian heal .
 strong reaction to obama quote : 'isil is not islamic ' <sec> president barack obama argued that isil does not represent islam .  in his remarks , he said : `` isil is not islamic '' .  but critics pointed out that isil stands for 'islamic state of iraq and the levant .
 ned vizzini , author of 'it 's kind of a funny story , ' commits suicide <sec> `` the manner of death was suicide , '' the new york city medical examiner 's office says .  he won accolades for his books ' portrayal of teenage depression .  `` it 's kind of a funny story '' was adapted into a movie starring emma roberts .  amid his success , vizzini continued to battle depressio .
 curt schilling 's bloody sock sells for $ 92,613 <sec> schilling wore the sock during game 2 of the 2004 world series .  he pitched for the boston red sox on an injured ankle .  the red sox swept the cardinals in four straight game .
 frontline pioneer : olafur grimsson <sec> olafur grimsson is principal voices ' frontline pioneer for the economics of energy .  grimsson has been president of the republic of iceland since 1996 .  he has called repeatedly for international cooperation on climate chang .
 ignore racism ? fat chance , rush <sec> roland martin responded to racist reaction to joel ward 's game-winning nhl goal .  on his radio show , limbaugh veered off one martin tweet to a soliloquy about liberals and race .  martin : limbaugh did n't even bother to note what the issue was before ranting .  racism is in america 's dna , martin says , and condoleeza rice , for one , agree .
 dalai lama ready to give up political power <sec> new : eleven people are arrested in nepal for displaying `` free tibet '' banners .  china calls the dalai lama a `` religious crook '' .  he says he will `` continue to provide political leadership , '' but not as an elected leader .  the dalai lama fled china in 1959 after a failed uprising against chinese rul .
 seattle post-intelligencer prints final edition in online transition <sec> the p-i abandons print format in transformation to online-only news outlet .  news comes two months after hearst corp. said it would sell the paper or close it .  staff of 20 to 25 will remain at seattlepi.com ; more than 140 others lose jobs .  one seattleite does n't read papers : `` i get to work and pull up my google news .
 china 's anti-corruption campaign catches another 'tiger ' <sec> su rong , former vice chairman of china 's top political advisory body , removed from his post .  party : su under investigation for the `` serious violation of laws and party disciplines '' .  xinhua : su and his wife profited through bribes and illegal land deals when he ran jiangxi province .  this is the latest chapter in president xi jinping 's crusade against corruption in chin .
 first u.s. military aid reaches quake-stricken haiti <sec> first team team will assess what haiti needs to cope with the immediate aftermath .  one task is to set up temporary air traffic control systems .  aircraft carrier , ships with medical facilities heading toward hait .
 friends , photos are early favorites on facebook graph search <sec> facebook graph search making site 's search more robust .  manager says friends and photos are most common searches so far .  activity log can be used to control what 's searchable about a user .  graph search is rolling out slowly to the site 's user .
 stephen hawking serves as role model for als patients <sec> stephen hawking is a rare case of someone who has survived decades with als .  als affects 350,000 people worldwide and as many as 30,000 people in the u.s . .  symptoms vary from person to person ; some lose their speech but others do not .  clinical trials are in progress for a variety of treatment .
 kevin bacon on 'six degrees ' game : 'i was horrified ' <sec> actor thought 'six degrees of kevin bacon ' game was making fun of him .  bacon : `` i was horrified . .  i thought it was a giant joke at my expense ' .  game asks players to link other celebs to bacon by movies they have in common .  founded by three college buddies , game is now 20 years ol .
 fire guts ugandan tomb site , police shoot 3 dead <sec> tombs of the buganda kings in uganda destroyed by fire tuesday night .  ugandan security forces shoot three buganda tribe members in clash at site .  site had major cultural , spiritual significance for buganda tribe , uganda 's largest .  it was not clear who set fire to the tombs , which were built in 188 .
 taking the kids -- to cooking school <sec> seasons of my heart cooking school is run by chef susana trilling .  there is a culinary arts center for kids and teens aboard the holland america line .  the essex resort & spa in vermont offers summer culinary camps for kid .
 supreme court rules against coca-cola in juice dispute <sec> pom wonderful has accused a coke brand of deceptive labeling .  at issue was whether a labeling law clashed with private efforts to sue under a separate law .  the laws `` complement each other '' in regulating misleading food and drink labels , court say .
 injury ends youzhny 's london hopes <sec> three positions remain in eight-man field for atp world tour finals in london .  mikhail youzhny , who was 10th in standings , can not qualify after his injury exit in paris .  fernando verdasco keeps his hopes alive with victory in second round .  top seeds roger federer , novak djokovic and andy murray have opening bye .
 obama photo a social-media sensation <sec> photo of president embracing first lady has been retweeted more than 675,000 times .  president obama 's campaign posted the image late tuesday after he won re-election .  the image also has received more than 3.3 million likes on faceboo .
 vitamin cafes : japan 's latest health injection <sec> intravenous vitamin boosts are the latest health fad in japan .  vitamin injections target specific health aliments and beauty concerns .  nutritionists warn of vitamin overdose from high quantities of supplements .  vitamin injections are popular among celebrities and businessmen for fatigu .
 gender-test runner semenya to keep gold medal , says south africa <sec> south african olympic runner caster semenya will keep her gold medal , the country 's sports ministry announced thursday .  ministry added in a statement that the results of a gender test would not be made public .  the world governing body for athletics , the iaaf , have refused to comment on the announcemen .
 'gta iv ' could keep 'iron man ' audience at home <sec> `` gta iv '' released tuesday , expected to gross $ 400 million in first week .  `` iron man '' opens this weekend , expected to take in $ 50 to $ 60 million .  analysts say game release could hurt weekend ticket sales .  game reviewer calls `` gta iv '' game `` perfection .
 sharapova stuns no . 1 wozniacki in rome semis <sec> maria sharapova will play samantha stosur in sunday 's final in rome .  three-time grand slam champion beats world no . .  1 caroline wozniacki in semis .  stosur reaches her first final since 2010 french open , beating china 's li na .  australian has not beaten sharapova in seven meetings , but this is first on cla .
 gov . mike pence heads to israel , meets with netanyahu <sec> israel prime minister benjamin netanyahu met with indiana gov . .  mike pence on monday .  pence is touring the region on an economic development mission .  taking a trip to israel is a common early destination for presidential hopeful .
 hong kong tycoons among five charged with corruption <sec> thomas and raymond kwok among five people charged with a total of eight offenses .  the billionaire brothers own sun hung kai properties , asia 's biggest property developer .  the investigation in hong kong focused on land purchases in the cit .
 bioengineer aspires to colonize the sea <sec> dennis chamberland aspires to make undersea human habitation a reality .  joined nasa as a bioengineer in the mid '80s .  explorer became one of the country 's leading proponents of undersea habitatio .
 u.n. report : too young to give birth <sec> one in five girls gives birth before turning 18 , says u.n. agency report .  factors : child marriages , poverty , community pressures .  young pregnancies pose serious health risks for girls .  executive director of unfpa says girls ' human rights violate .
 ferguson -- change is coming <sec> sherrilyn ifill : a city with a pattern of racial discrimination elected two new black candidates to its city council tuesday .  she says ferguson faces other changes , too , that should spur rethinking in working class suburbs across americ .
 an islamic state in egypt can still mean democracy <sec> timothy stanley : many worry that egypt 's muslim brotherhood leader will bring theocracy .  but stanley says historic and modern evidence shows islamic societies can be democratic .  he says mali , bangladesh and morocco seek balance between islam and openness .  stanley : brotherhood ( and military ) in egypt respecting democratic process so fa .
 leading uk newspapers to charge for web content <sec> both newspapers will launch new web sites in early may , offering free trial to users .  rupert murdoch : free access business model favored by most content providers `` flawed '' .  financial times only other major uk newspaper currently charging for online content .  news international hinted plan could be extended to cover company 's other uk title .
 eurozone shakes recession but recovery is fragile <sec> after 18 months in recession , the eurozone finally posted some much needed growth .  things are looking up but it depends where you are in europe , and there 's little room for complacency .  the challenge for europe 's leaders will be to seize upon the green shoots .  now , the bloc 's business leaders need confidence , but that is an intangible currenc .
 new york mall death : carbon monoxide is an odorless , tasteless killer <sec> carbon monoxide blamed in death of long island restaurant manager .  it 's also blamed for sicknesses at a maine hotel .  the gas has no odor , color or tast .
 djokovic eyes french open glory after 'greatest ' win <sec> novak djokovic is focused on success at the french open and olympic games in 2012 .  the world no . .  1 beat rafael nadal in the longest grand slam final in tennis history .  the marathon five-set australian open clash lasted five hours and 53 minutes .  djokovic has now defeated 10-time major winner nadal in the last three grand slam final .
 mermaids do n't exist ... or do they ? <sec> the noaa announces that mermaids do not exist .  a `` mockumenary '' by animal planet spurred questions as to the existence of mermaids .  viewers took to social media to discuss the film .  mermaids do exist at weeki wachee springs , says park spokesma .
 a teaching moment about politics and komen <sec> samantha king says tumult over komen funding not a surprise : foundations are political .  she says komen has long been rightward leaning , focused on treatment , not causes .  she asks : group takes funds from chemical companies ; does that discourage focus on toxins ? .  king : komen should use loyalty shown in supporters ' dismay over funding to redirect prioritie .
 argentine president fires central bank head <sec> new : redrado may not go easily .  redrado has said only congress , not president , could remove him .  dispute appears to stem from government plan to use $ 6.5 billion to pay down debt .  redrado 's current term otherwise ends in septembe .
 obama makes war policy an election strength <sec> foreign policy wins fortify the president against vietnam-era criticism of democrats .  analyst : president obama is tougher than jimmy carter was .  domestic woes may trump foreign policy successes , howeve .
 gay groups and `` homocon '' welcomed to gop convention despite platform <sec> republican party 's platform is against same-sex marriage .  log cabin republicans invited to take part in convention for first time .  some gop groups that support lgbt community emphasize other issue .
 opinion : spanking hurts children in the long run , too <sec> michael mackenzie : spanking gets results but can harm development .  he says kids who are spanked are at greater risk for behavior , speech problems .  mackenzie : how parents discipline kids is tied to cultural , religious , family traditions .  he says researchers and health practitioners must teach parents alternatives to spankin .
 the doors : morrison did n't need to be 'pardoned ' for anything <sec> morrison was accused of shouting obscenities at a crowd and exposing himself .  he was pardoned in early december .  florida gov . .  charlie christ helped to get the pardon for morriso .
 serbia and albania punished after drone brawl <sec> serbia and albania both punished by uefa following brawl in euro 2016 qualifier .  serbia awarded walkover but deducted three points .  both teams fined $ 126,410 by uefa .  serbia to play next two european qualifiers behind closed door .
 radio stations confused over ruling to ban 'money for nothing ' <sec> canadian federal watchdog urging council to reconsider ban of dire straits song .  1985 hit `` money for nothing '' banned from airwaves for including anti-gay slur .  crtc received more then 250 complaints about the cbsc 's decisio .
 timeline : banking crisis <sec> banking crisis has transformed the world 's financial landscape .  many established names bankrupted or bailed out as a consequence of bad debts .  after inital upswing , world stock markets fall once more .  eu leaders at summit call for overhaul of international financial syste .
 oklahoma inmate escapes from prison <sec> mark dwayne smith , 28 , was last seen early monday .  he was serving time for assaulting a police office .
 red hot chili peppers play coachella through sandstorm <sec> a sandstorm whipped through the last day of coachella .  red hot chili peppers closed out the festival , playing their hits and `` beast of burden '' by the rolling stones .  the smiths guitarist johnny marr says there 's no reunion with morrissey in the work .
 girl 's courage , taliban 's cowardice <sec> the world 's worst cowards are the members of the pakistani taliban , says frida ghitis .  they are terrified of malala yousufzai , the 14-year-old girl they shot , ghitis says .  they want to subjugate the local population , particularly women , she says .  ghitis : they have reawakened pakistanis to the threat posed by extremist .
 low-cost , quality health care possible <sec> jason hwang touts integrated health systems , which handle finances and care .  hwang : they have incentive to keep patients healthy and avoid costly illnesses .  he writes that the best health care is n't a matter of private vs. public , but how it 's organized .  hwang says va has a tightly integrated , high-quality health care syste .
 chelsea cap hiddink reign with fa cup triumph <sec> louis saha 's goal for everton the quickest in fa cup final history at 25 seconds .  didier drogba equalizes midway through first half for guus hiddink 's chelsea .  frank lampard scores winner in 72nd minute with left-foot drive from outside area .  dutch coach hiddink in charge of chelsea for last time after taking over in februar .
 your smartphone is hackers ' next big target <sec> mobile devices are the next battleground for data and privacy , parmy olson writes .  pumping phones with information makes them increasingly attractive target for hackers .  if people value their privacy , they 'll invest in services that encrypt their dat .
 workers stranded as north korea closes border <sec> 573 people staying at kaesong industrial complex , north of demilitarized zone .  80 south koreans not cleared to cross the border into south korea monday .  follows vow to retaliate from n. korea if its satellite launch is intercepted .  s. korea , u.s. have started their annual joint military drill .
 beirut bombs kill 23 ; blasts linked to syrian civil war <sec> beirut bombs target iranian embassy , killing 23 and wounding nearly 150 .  sunni jihadists claim responsibility , demand that iran-backed hezbollah quit syria .  the bombing is the latest violence in lebanon linked to the syrian conflict .  much of the middle east is `` a single political and military battleground '' now , analyst say .
 court convicts ukraine 's former prime minister <sec> putin , eu , amnesty international question the move .  yulia tymoshenko calls the charges against her political .  authorities deploy hundreds of police officers around the court to keep order .  the russian foreign ministry says natural gas agreements with ukraine were lega .
 bags , strollers , unregistered runners not welcome at boston marathon <sec> the list of banned items is part of revamped security following last year 's deadly bombings .  the boston marathon will be held on april 21 .  organizers are preparing for 36,000 entrants this year .
 police : human teeth found on n.y. beach during search over deaths <sec> new : two teeth that appear to be human are discovered by investigators .  new : the teeth are found near where a human skull was uncovered in nassau county .  new : nassau county official says this is a step toward bringing `` this killer to justice .
 thai capital escapes worst of flooding <sec> there were fears further heavy rain combined with high tides would overwhelm bangkok .  307 people have been killed during months of monsoon rains across thailand .  authorities in the capital confident the capital has been spared as flood defenses hold .  thais across country donating food , water and clothing to help the worst-hit area .
 who 's killing iranian nuclear scientists ? <sec> u.s. secretary of state clinton categorically denies any involvement in iran .  an israeli military spokesman says he does n't `` shed a tear '' over the reported death .  analyst : israeli involvement with support from some in iran is the most likely scenario .  other possibilities : iranian opposition , or involvement of arab intelligence , analysts sa .
 is american democracy dead ? <sec> a new study shows that the wealthy have far more influence than the average american .  julian zelizer says study raises disturbing questions about power of campaign money .  if wealthy shape policy , the inequality divide in america will only get worse , he says .  zelizer : it may take a constitutional amendment , and state action , to reform syste .
 opinion : five ways to tell if mideast peace talks are serious <sec> israeli-palestinian talks are set to begin this week .  aaron miller says there are signs to look for to see if the talks are going anywhere .  he says watching if the parties keep talks confidential is key ; so is the u.s. role .  miller : negotiators need to set out key principles , talk about border .
 southeast faces 'our biggest enemy ' : ice <sec> amtrak suspends some rail service in the northeast , south and mid-atlantic .  more than 2,400 flights have been canceled ahead of the storm .  five dead in weather-related incidents in texas , mississippi , authorities say .  utility executive warns power outages could last day .
