 prince harry and team reach south pole <sec> new : prince harry and a team made up of servicemen and women reach the south pole .  organizers called off competitive aspect of the charity event .  the team trekked more than 200 mile .
 bale keeps tottenham hopes alive as wigan escape act gathers pace <sec> gareth bale scores tottenham 's late winner against southampton .  bale has won a host of awards for his epl performances this season .  north london rivals arsenal up to third after 1-0 win over qpr .  wigan revive hopes of avoiding relegation with victory at wb .
 oman sails into history in first transatlantic yacht race <sec> the `` musandam-oman sail '' yacht is the first arab yacht to complete a transatlantic race .  in 2009 moshin al busaidi became the first arab to sail non-stop around the world .  the `` musandam-oman sail '' crew completed the race in just over five days .  the `` omani sail '' project aims to train thousands of omani youths in sailin .
 crowley to leave cnn after 27 years <sec> longtime cnn political correspondent candy crowley is leaving the network .  jeff zucker announces departure in an email to staff .  crowley moderated 2012 presidential debat .
 european commission fines computer chipmaker intel $ 1.45b <sec> european commission launched anti-trust investigation nearly two years ago .  commission determining that intel abused its dominant position in the cpu market .  commissioner : fine is the largest ever imposed by european commission .  new : intel : ceo says it takes strong exception to the ruling , will appea .
 ice cube premieres 'straight outta compton ' trailer <sec> ice cube debuted the trailer at a concert .  his son will star as the young ice cube .  a casting call stirred controvers .
 size matters : why tablets are shrinking , growing <sec> with tablets , there is now no `` one-size-fits-all '' answer .  ipads remain on top , but smaller , sometimes simpler competitors , have made in-roads .  rumors say apple may counter with ipad 'mini , '' while kindle fire might get bigge .
 review : 'zero dark thirty ' is utterly gripping <sec> the film follows how a cia analyst worked for a decade tracking down osama bin laden .  director kathryn bigelow has been accused of endorsing torture .  jessica chastain delivers one of the must-see performances of the year , our critic say .
 messi scores again but real on top <sec> lionel messi scores for the sixth game in a row as barca defeat atletico 3-0 .  real madrid stay top of the primera liga table after defeating recreativo 2-0 .  sevilla 's crisis continues as they lose their four league match in successio .
 qatari firm buys u.s. embassy building in london <sec> qatari firm buys landmark u.s. embassy building in grosvenor square .  state department moving quarters to new building to be finished by 2017 .  post 9/11 protections have drawn criticism from embassy 's neighbor .
 luxury cruise ship outruns pirates <sec> nautica was in area patrolled by international anti-piracy task force .  two small skiffs appeared and tried to intercept it , spokesman said .  one of the boats closed to within 300 yards and fired eight rifle shots .  report : deal reached sunday over hijacked ukrainian arms shi .
 playstation users waiting to assail <sec> playing playstation games offline is n't a gamer 's idea of a good time .  the breach makes gamers look positively at xbox live 's system .  gamers suggest sony give them a `` grand gesture '' of good fait .
 suspect in philadelphia school gym shooting turns himself in <sec> the alleged shooter , who is 17 , is arraigned as an adult , police say .  he is charged with aggravated assault , reckless endangerment , other charges .  a gunman opened fire in a philadelphia high school gym friday .  one male , one female student were shot in the arm , according to polic .
 nfl international series : why american football loves london <sec> the nfl international series is back in london this weekend .  for the first time , wembley stadium will hold three games over six weeks .  oakland raiders kick things off against miami dolphins sunday .  detroit lions then face atlanta falcons and jacksonville jaguars play dallas cowboy .
 honduran military leaders face arrests <sec> new : announcement of arrest warrants coincide with u.s. official 's visit .  zelaya remains holed up inside the brazilian embassy in tegucigalpa , honduras .  micheletti 's government insists zelaya 's removal was constitutional transfer of powe .
 government : nigerian troops kill over 90 boko haram members at 2 sites <sec> the military kills more than 70 boko haram members in an operation in borno state .  they also fend off an attack on a military checkpoint in yobe state 's capital .  21 suspected boko haram members die in fighting there .  boko haram seeks to impose a strict version of sharia law across northeastern nigeri .
 why the middle east is a mess <sec> frida ghitis : obama trying to pivot to asia , but middle east chaos stays center stage .  why ? .  she says region long at the center of historical currents and conflicting ideologies .  there 's a battle for the future in egypt , iran , syria , israel and with the palestinians , she says .  ghitis : fight is dictators vs. democracy ; pluralists vs. islamists ; women do n't fare wel .
 philippines arrest chinese 'poachers ' after reef collision <sec> china has urged the philippines to `` guarantee the safety '' of fishermen accused of poaching .  12 chinese nationals were arrested on april 8 after their ship ran aground on a reef .  the coral reef was the same marine park where a u.s. navy minesweeper ran aground .  tubbahata reef is a unesco world heritage site with restricted acces .
 ohio school shooting suspect pleads not guilty ; bail at $ 1 million <sec> new : attorneys say they might enter plea of not guilty by reason of insanity .  t.j. lane , 17 , is accused of fatally shooting three high school classmates in february .  he was indicted on charges of aggravated murder , felonious assault .  a judge ruled in may that he can be tried as an adul .
 marta - the 'female pele ' seeking a fair deal for women 's soccer <sec> marta is considered to be one of the greatest female football players in history .  the brazilian has won the world player of the year award on five occasions .  the 27-year-old began playing soccer as a child against the local boys in her area .  she is hoping that brazil will launch a national league for women 's team .
 fans help kamui kobayashi fund caterham formula one drive in 2014 <sec> kamui kobayashi returns to formula one with the caterham team in 2014 .  the popular japanese racer raised funds from fans to help pay for his drive .  `` every single one of you will race with me in 2014 , '' he tells fans .  sweden 's marcus eriksson will make his f1 debut with caterham in 201 .
 nfl replacement refs could be good for full-timers <sec> terence moore : nfl 's exhibition season was filled with gaffes , bloopers .  replacement officials were hired because of nfl 's ongoing lockout of regular officials .  one ref said `` arizona '' instead of `` atlanta '' multiple times during an atlanta falcons game .  after 1979 baseball strike , hired replacements were shunned by returning umpires , called `` scabs .
 aspiring sports reporter killed in colorado shooting , brother says <sec> new : jessica ghawi 's brother said victims deserve the attention .  mother says her daughter had a `` huge heart '' .  aspiring sports reporter was among those gunned down at a movie theater .  she was at a toronto mall last month just before a deadly shooting ther .
 germany expels four members of syrian embassy , cites syrian arrest of germans <sec> germany is expelling four members of syrian embassy .  syrian ambassador called to german foreign ministry and notified .  government `` made clear position to not accept actions against syrian opposition member '' .  expulsion follows arrest of two men accused of spying for syri .
 chris christie on possible ebola lawsuit : 'whatever ' <sec> chris christie brushed off questions about a potential lawsuit over his handling of ebola .  the legal challenge could come from a nurse who was quarantined over the weekend .  she argued her isolation was a violation of her rights .  but christie said she had access to the internet and takeout foo .
 fugitive wanted in killing is 1st woman on fbi terror list <sec> chesimard was convicted of killing a new jersey state trooper in 1973 .  she escaped from prison in 1979 , and fled to cuba in 1984 , police say .  now known as assata shakur , she says she fled persecutio .
 indianapolis 500 track hosts `` largest u.s. gathering of race cars . '' <sec> indianapolis 500 track hosts vintage car race for the first time .  it 's billed as the `` largest gathering of race cars in the u.s . '' .  the past 20 years have seen many changes at the indianapolis motor speedway .  indy league plans `` aero kits '' to make car designs more interestin .
 king : community safety net helps keep hope alive <sec> relief nursery in eugene , oregon , is a family-support organization .  in first three months of '09 , it helped as many families as it did in all of '08 .  cnn 's `` state of the union with john king '' airs sunday at 9 a.m. e .
 fbi makes arrest after johansson , aguilera e-mails hacked <sec> christopher chaney makes first court appearance ; he 's released on $ 10,000 bond .  among more than 50 victims are scarlett johansson and christina aguilera .  authorities accuse chaney of hacking into personal e-mail accounts and other devices .  he is charged with 26 counts involving computer hacking , identity theft and wiretappin .
 blackberry users hit by eight-hour outage <sec> blackberry did n't give reason for outage , which ended around 2:45 a.m . .  et .  at one point , 100 % of north american customers were affected .  a similar outage hit blackberry system last week .  research in motion says it has about 32 million global blackberry subscriber .
 opposition repels onslaught as libyan government declares victories <sec> new : the un 's chief talks sunday with libya 's foreign minister , urging end to violence .  a doctor says at least 42 were killed in misrata ; the un says aid has been blocked .  libyan state tv says troops are under orders not to enter cities controlled by `` gangs '' .  police search cars to make sure no anti-gadhafi forces come out in tripoli , a witness say .
 creative craftsman sticks to his giant mailbox gun <sec> new jersey man builds a smith & wesson model 11 times larger than the real thing .  he 's using it as a mailbox and hopes to drum up interest in his cabinet-making business .  roger buchko to critics of his creativity : i 'm `` not a gun-toting nitwit or anything like that .
 sentencing delayed for somali pirate in maersk alabama hijacking <sec> new : no reason given for postponement .  prosecutors say muse was the ringleader .  muse apologized for his actions and blamed the incident on the somali government .  he could receive a maximum sentence of almost 34 year .
 journalist arrested in world cup fan intruder case <sec> british journalist arrested over world cup fan intrusion .  simon wright is senior reporter for the sunday mirror .  wright had first interview with fan after incident .  fan broke into england dressing room after july 18 matc .
 snow brings cities across south to standstill <sec> new : caution advised overnight because lower temperatures may freeze roads .  `` this is amazing , '' cnn ireporter says of snowfall in dallas-fort worth area .  flights canceled in atlanta ; dallas-fort worth gets 12.5 '' of snow , a 24-hour record .  are you snowed in ? .  send us your ireports to tell how you 're staying warm and digging ou .
 abbey road studios declared national landmark <sec> abbey road studios given grade ii listed building status for `` outstanding cultural interest '' .  the studios ' owner , music label emi says it 's holding talks to revitalize them .  speculation was rife that the studios made famous by beatles would be sold .  much of britain 's best known music of 20 century has been recorded ther .
 all change for roger federer as he uses bigger racket in 2014 <sec> roger federer trials new racket in doubles win in brisbane .  federer using a 98-inch racket head against 90-inch previously .  top seed also has new coach in stefan edberg .  andy murray wins first competitive match since surgery 6-0 6- .
 lame duck label does n't fit obama ( opinion ) <sec> aaron david miller : president obama is not the appeaser in chief his detractors claim .  miller : president doubled down in afghanistan in 2009 , had osama bin laden killed .  obama is a committed internationalist , miller says .  president can feel the pull of wanting to leave a positive legacy , he say .
 fire near white house leads to hotel , wedding evacuations <sec> two hotels were evacuated in downtown washington .  the fire started roughly two blocks from the white house .  an underground transformer apparently caught fire .  hundreds of wedding guests were relocate .
 india in multiple satellite launch claim <sec> the payload ranged from a remote-sensing satellite to a student-built mini-spacecraft . .  monday 's launch came two months after rocket failure .  india also has launched satellite into lunar orbit .  aims to launch another lunar probe in 201 .
 mandy moore on how to dress for your body <sec> mandy moore offers style tips : avoid unflattering trends .  do n't worry about your shape with flowy , loose dresses .  find a great tailo .
 richard dysart , 'l.a . law ' star , dies at 86 <sec> richard dysart best known for leland mckenzie in `` l.a. law '' .  dysart had many tv and film roles , including spots in `` being there '' and `` the thing '' .  actor won drama desk award for performance in theatrical `` that championship season .
 oregon school shooting : 'this is becoming the norm ' <sec> the shooter had an ar-15 type rifle , a handgun , loaded magazines , and a large knife .  authorities have found no motive and no link between the gunman and his victim .  they identify the shooter as 15-year-old jared padgett .  `` the country has to do some soul-searching , '' obama say .
 russian swapped for spies is in england , brother says <sec> scientist does n't know exactly where he is , his brother tells cnn .  he was one of four russians exchanged for 10 who admitted they were russian agents .  the swap at a vienna airport was reminiscent of scenes from the cold war .  sutyagin was forced to confess , his mother say .
 philadelphia priest to be released after appeals court reversal <sec> new : district attorney says an appeal is likely .  william lynn , 62 , was the first catholic priest convicted of covering up sex abuse crimes .  appeals court finds lower court misapplied laws on child endangerment .  detractor called decision a `` very technical reading of the law , '' website report .
 manhunt under way after child found dead in new jersey <sec> arthur e. morgan iii is wanted for questioning in the death of a two-year-old girl .  the child 's body was discovered partially submerged in a creek inside a county park .  official : the child was last seen with her father but was never returned to her hom .
 report : alzheimer 's cases to nearly double every 20 years <sec> number of people with alzheimer 's estimated to nearly double every 20 years .  report : by 2010 , around 35.6 million people globally will be living with dementia .  studies show mental stimulation and exercise can help delay onset of dementi .
 abducted briton , italian killed as rescue attempt launched <sec> suspects have been arrested .  the men were abducted in northwestern nigeria last may .  nigeria and britain launched a rescue effort to free the hostages .  the men were believed to be in `` imminent '' danger , british pm say .
 rosicky signs new contract with arsenal <sec> arsenal midfielder tomas rosicky has signed a new contract at the emirates stadium .  the czech international is the 15th player to sign a new deal with the club since may 2009 .  the deal rewards the 29-year-old for his performances this season after two injury-blighted campaign .
 journalist killed in taliban region <sec> journalist for pakistan 's geo tv killed in taliban-area of the country .  geo says mosa khankhel was shot and his attackers tried to behead him .  khankhel was traveling with taliban lead negotiator when he went missing .  incident happened in swat where pakistan-taliban agreed to allow sharia la .
 court condemns irish ban on abortion <sec> the european court of human rights rules the ban violated a woman 's human rights .  she was forced to travel abroad for an abortion in 2005 .  the court did not recommend a change in irish la .
 opinion : it 's time to televise executions <sec> richard gabriel : recent failed execution makes the case against death penalty .  the last public execution in the united states was in 1936 , witnessed by 20,000 people .  gabriel says he believes there is no humane way to kill another person .  we should be willing , he says , to live with the byproducts of our retributio .
 barack obama : a new presidency ? ( opinion ) <sec> julian zelizer : since midterms , president obama has moved to fulfill some long-held goals .  he struck a climate deal with china and ordered changes in immigration rules .  zelizer : are we seeing a new obama ? .  will he act on income inequality and jobs .
 commentary : do n't use sats to rank college quality <sec> david hawkins : admission tests are wrongly used to rank college quality .  hawkins says baylor university 's incentives for test scores are a mistake .  grades are much more important than test scores in admissions decisions , he says .  hawkins : u.s. news should drop sat and act scores in ranking .
 opening statements made in galleon group insider trading case <sec> galleon group founder raj rajaratnam goes on trial on insider trading charges .  prosecutor : defendant `` exploited a corrupt network of people '' for his own gain .  defense : rajaratnam `` only traded on expert information '' .  jury of seven women , five men will hear the case , expected to last 10 week .
 california charity help hospitalized veterans pays $ 2.5 million fine <sec> california attorney general says charity `` improperly diverted '' donated funds .  charity 's executives used funds for country club memberships , condos , she says .  cnn investigation in 2012 found donations to veterans were kits for paper airplane .
 kerry in japan amid heightened korean tensions <sec> new : kerry says japan , u.s. ready to work with north korea to resolve tensions .  kerry 's visit to japan is the last stop in his asia tour .  north korea tells tokyo to `` stop recklessly working for staging a comeback on korea '' .  kerry : china and the u.s. call on pyongyang to refrain from provocative step .
 uk police review london marathon security plans <sec> new : `` we want to reassure runners , spectators , volunteers '' about safety , says event ceo .  organizers of the london marathon say it will take place as planned sunday .  london mayor says `` robust security measures '' are in place for the event .  tens of thousands of people take part in the race each year , cheered on by many mor .
 cnn student news transcript : november 1 , 2010 <sec> investigate an apparent terror plot involving explosives , planes and printers .  test your knowledge about what 's up for grabs in the u.s. midterm elections .  power up with a unique idea to capture the kinetic energy of soccer fans .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 apple iphone 4s goes on pre-sale <sec> iphone 4s went on pre-sale at 12 a.m. friday .  the phone is faster and has a better camera than the previous version .  it will be available in stores on october 14 .  phone is available to sprint customers for the first tim .
 dick cheney and others face charges in nigeria <sec> the investigation relates to possible bribes paid to secure a gas contract in the 1990s .  the bribes allegedly amounted to $ 180 million between 1994 and 2004 .  dick cheney 's lawyer has said that former vice president had nothing to do with i .
 bear acted defensively in attacking hikers , yellowstone officials say <sec> new : park officials have no plans to kill the bear , saying it was `` not predatory '' .  brian matayoshi , 57 , was killed while hiking with his wife .  the couple surprised the grizzly and her cubs , yellowstone park officials say .  the incident is the first bear-caused human fatality in yellowstone since 198 .
 'battle bears ' creator finds inspiration in family journey <sec> `` battle bears '' creator says family 's journey from vietnam was his inspiration .  ben vu created the quirky mobile game that has been downloaded 24 million times .  he hopes to expand franchise with soundtracks , animated serie .
 nuclear cleanup : electricity essential for the best-case scenario <sec> experts : restoring electric power is essential to stabilizing fukushima daiichi .  work is ongoing to establish a new power supply system , says tepco .  it 's unknown whether the plant will need to be sealed off , as chernobyl wa .
