 how to cover a big storm on a little screen <sec> for sandy 's anniversary , cnn tried an instagram-only project .  users shared 800,000 instagram images of the storm as it hit .  photographers visited families in hard-hit areas , captured intimate portrait .
 too many mothers still dying <sec> babatunde osotimehin : maternal deaths worldwide have dropped by half over past 20 years .  but every day 800 women still die in pregnancy or childbirth from complications , he says .  osotimehin : thirty-six of the 40 countries with the highest rates are in sub-saharan africa .  expanding access to modern contraception in developing world is key , says osotimehi .
 court ruling on marine dad is shameful <sec> father of a dead marine was ordered to pay court costs to protesters who picketed funeral .  john ellsworth , whose son also died in the marines , says ruling was unconscionable .  he says soldiers and families make great sacrifices to protect the nation .  ellsworth urges the u.s. supreme court to restore justice and dignity to the famil .
 obama : snowden can 'make his case ' in court ; no olympics boycott <sec> new : obama says there are enough votes to pass immigration reform .  the president is rejecting calls to boycott the olympics in russia .  obama says he will decide on a federal reserve chairman in the fall .  he outlines steps to improve public confidence in intelligence gatherin .
 johannesburg 's journey from crime hotspot to hipster hangout <sec> downtown johannesburg is getting a makeover .  maboneng precinct is an urban regeneration project in central business district .  once neglected ponte city tower houses new apartment .
 li na : taking chinese tennis to the top <sec> li na is china 's first top 10 tennis player , often portrayed as a rebel .  highest ranking of 10 came after reaching semifinal of australian open .  quit tennis at end of 2002 , but returned in 2004 and has risen up rankings sinc .
 researchers may have found cleopatra 's final resting place <sec> archeologists to search three sites that may contain tombs of cleopatra , mark antony .  bust of cleopatra , 22 coins bearing her image have been found so far .  antony , cleopatra committed suicide in 31 b.c . .  after battle of actiu .
 2 marines die as helicopter crashes in california <sec> 2 die on a training mission at the marine corps air ground combat center , marines say .  their helicopter crashed late friday afternoon at the center near joshua tree national par .
 snow and ice snag travel at europe 's airports <sec> brussels airport says all but one runway shut because of heavy snowfall .  airports in london are operating , with some delays and cancellations possible .  charles de gaulle airport cancels a third of afternoon and evening flights .  about a foot of snow falls on the roof , forcing a partial evacuatio .
 democrats propose limits on online ammo sales <sec> legislation would prevent online , mail order ammunition purchases .  measure introduced in aftermath of colorado movie theater shooting .  many democrats leery of tackling gun control issue because of the nr .
 can nintendo 's 'brain training ' really boost your little gray cells ? <sec> nintendo 's `` brain training '' has sold over 10 million copies worldwide .  the gaming giant is breaking into new markets with its ds-lite console .  did `` brain training '' make our reporter smarter ? .  well , it got her hooked.. .
 introverts run the world -- quietly <sec> susan cain : many of the world 's great advances have been made by introverts .  she says society puts pressure on children and adults to work in groups .  `` groupthink '' can get in the way of imagination and creativity , she says .  cain : give introverts the freedom to be themselve .
 jonbenet ramsey : 12 years later and still a mystery <sec> false suspicions , unsecured crime scene plague investigation from start .  ramsey family spends years under `` cloud of suspicion '' .  new touch dna test cleared all family members earlier this year .  anyone with information is asked to call 303-441-163 .
 'deeply flawed ' lance armstrong admits using performance enhancing drugs <sec> new : `` this was a guy who used to be my friend , he decimated me , '' accuser says .  new : armstrong regrets fighting the usada , when the agency claimed he had doped .  after years of denials , he admits using performance-enhancing drugs and blood doping .  `` i will spend the rest of my life ... trying to earn back trust and apologize , '' armstrong say .
 five filipino soldiers killed in firefight <sec> new : abu sayyaf members drew military response , military spokesman says .  filipino soldiers fight rogue faction of a muslim separatist group .  fighting began after negotiations hit an impasse , military in philippines says .  militants were trying to occupy part of a province , military say .
 report : iraq civilian deaths soar thanks to isis <sec> iraq body count says the number of civilian deaths roughly doubled from 2013 to 2014 .  the project has monitored and compiled reports of civilian deaths since the 2003 invasion .  the isis offensive and military response to it contributed to the 2014 spike in civilian death .
 iranian dissenters reportedly arrested <sec> as many as 500 people may have been arrested in isfahan , according to an opposition news agency .  some videos have shown bloodied and possibly dead protesters , but the government says their forces have fired no weapon .
 cnn student news - december 12 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 piracy fears over missing vietnamese ship <sec> fears pirates have boarded a tanker carrying 5,200 tonnes of oil .  ship went missing on october 2 within an hour of departing singapore .  18 crew were on board the ship which was headed for vietna .
 beijing tries to clean up its act <sec> china 's smog-ridden capital issued an unprecedented set of new anti-pollution measures .  authorities scramble to respond to rising public pressure over the city 's deteriorating air quality .  beijing published a draft of the new rules on its website on saturday and asked for public feedback .  earlier this month , an episode of extraordinarily bad pollution in beijing sparked public outcr .
 lawyers : kosovar admits shooting u.s. servicemen in germany <sec> arid uka `` deeply regrets '' and fully confesses his crime , his lawyers say .  he is accused of shooting dead two u.s. servicemen and injuring two others .  he acted after seeing an internet clip apparently showing u.s. soldiers raping a muslim woman .  the footage was in reality a scene from an anti-war film , the court hear .
 judge tosses armstrong suit against anti-doping agency <sec> `` when judge sparks speaks , i listen , '' armstrong lawyer says .  court filings `` are not press releases , '' a judge scolds armstrong .  the seven-time tour de france winner faces doping charges .  armstrong says the u.s. anti-doping agency is out to justify its existence by pursuing hi .
 boko haram massacre : 7 questions worth asking <sec> boko haram massacred as many as 2,000 people in baga , nigeria on january 3 .  donnelly : taking baga helps group consolidate control in northeast nigeria .  donnelly : group 's tactics are unclear ; boko haram kills because it ca .
 sochi 2014 : russia 's ice hockey dream ends <sec> russia 's men fail in their quest for ice hockey gold .  norway 's ole einar bjoerndalen becomes most decorated olympian in history .  ted ligety wins giant slalom gold .  usa to meet canada in men 's ice hockey semifina .
 debrecen , hungary : heavy metal and huge sausages <sec> debrecen served as hungary 's capital after a short-lived revolution in 1849 and for a second time at the end of world war ii .  the city is known as the home of hungary 's most popular heavy metal band and one of its oldest universities .  it also hosts a variety of festivals , including events dedicated to flowers , water slides and stuffed foo .
 mitch winehouse recalls daughter amy 's last night <sec> mitch winehouse was visiting relatives in new york city when he heard amy had died .  he says his daughter had been drug free for three years .  winehouse on family : `` we really could n't have done any more to support her and love her .
 arizona citizenship bill targets children <sec> arizona bill would deny citizenship to u.s.-born children of illegal immigrants .  ruben navarrette jr. says bill is shameful attempt to punish children for their parents ' deeds .  he says constitution explicitly grants citizenship to people born in the u.s . .  he says many republicans would n't back this kind of a bill in the pas .
 opinion : gop fight with obamacare is closing hospitals <sec> gop states blocked expansion of medicaid , and public hospitals are closing .  sally kohn : medicaid expansion was meant to provide funding for these hospitals .  kohn : republicans put ideology over health care ; refused to delay cuts to hospitals .  kohn : states trying to spite obama will find they are only hurting their own peopl .
 arresting photo series captures spirit of khartoum <sec> sudanese qusai akoud is the founder of `` humans of khartoum '' photo series .  the project captures the spirit and life of people living in the sudanese capital .  click through the gallery to see some of the people featured in the serie .
 charlie sheen makes it official -- he files for divorce <sec> charlie sheen cites `` irreconcilable differences '' with brooke mueller .  sheen and mueller separated last christmas , the petition says .  mueller called police to arrest sheen on domestic violence last christma .
 palin never in iraq , campaign now says <sec> new details emerge on gov . .  sarah palin 's foreign travels .  campaign now says she did n't visit troops in iraq , only the border .  questions surround the crowd size of a mccain-palin event in virginia .  john mccain gets grilled on `` the view '' while defending pali .
 opinion : guns killing women : congress must act <sec> gabrielle giffords , katie ray-jones : congress must address domestic violence and guns .  in domestic abuse situations , women five times more likely to die if abuser has access to gun .  senate on wednesday set to hold its first-ever hearing on domestic violence homicide .
 woman 'pregnant ' with monkey convicted of smuggling <sec> gypsy lawson , 28 , faked pregnancy to hide sedated monkey under her blouse .  lawson , mother convicted of conspiracy , smuggling for taking monkey from thailand .  prosecutors say they found notes between women planning the smuggling .  smuggling conviction carries maximum 20-year sentenc .
 7th-grader 's death sparks parents ' superbug concerns <sec> new : brooklyn student 's death from drug-resistant staph infection confirmed .  new : school officials unable to confirm where student contracted infection .  no reason to think other students or teachers are at risk , department says .  25 to 30 percent of the population carry the staph bacteria , according to cd .
 official : drone attack kills al-awlaki 's son in yemen <sec> the son had been hiding in the mountains for more than eight months , the official says .  the awlaki family did not want to comment .  the strikes also kill the head media officer of aqa .
 obama , gop debate success of stimulus at one-year mark <sec> obama says stimulus plan rescued economy from `` worst of this crisis '' .  program , one year old , has run `` smoothly , cleanly , transparently '' , obama says .  republicans charge the program expanded deficit without creating jobs .  stimulus laid foundation for long-term growth , vp joe biden say .
 new issue of magazine offers jihadists terror tips <sec> new : yemen expert says issue 's timing , 10 years after cole bombing , is no coincidence .  new : magazine 's ideas , ideology aimed at lone jihadist , christopher boucek says .  pickup trucks , pressure cookers envisioned as weapons .  targeting government employees is seen as paramoun .
 do you have a great love story -- like this ? <sec> late on rainy , lonely nights , some people are tempted to google an old love .  one story about a soldier and teen had a happy facebook ending .  inspired writer searches for and meets up with her old love .  but finds he 's older , more mature , version of the awful of the guy who broke her hear .
 would the mafia target pope francis over vatican reforms ? <sec> italian anti-mob prosecutor says pope faces threat from the mafia .  john dickie says francis represents serious threat to established criminal interests .  mafias originated in 1860 but pope did n't explicitly denounce the mafia until 1993 .  dickie says killing the pope would be a `` catastrophic own goal '' for the mafia .
 melissa mccarthy : motherhood helped me accept my looks <sec> melissa mccarthy as two daughters with actor-husband ben falcone .  mccarthy says that being a mother actually helps her feel less insecure about her looks .  mccarthy will be hosting this weekend 's `` saturday night live .
 comic artist joe kubert dead at 85 <sec> kubert helped create the dc comics character sgt . .  rock .  he started a school for comic artists in 1976 .  kubert died sunday of multiple myelom .
 could euroskeptics spoil angela merkel 's election party ? <sec> germans go to the polls sunday ; chancellor angela merkel up for re-election .  anti-euro alternative for germany ( afd ) party is campaigning for the first time .  sudha david-wilp : fledgling party could throw wrench in gears of merkel 's plans .  if it wins seats in parliament , afd could splinter the conservative alliance , says david-wil .
 military identifies 7 killed in nevada marine training exercise blast <sec> those killed hail from seven states .  one has been in the marines since 2008 , another joined a few months ago .  8 were injured in the explosion , one of them `` very seriously , '' the marines said .  authorities still do n't know why the mortar system `` failed to function as designed .
 teen boys try to escape tn detention center -- again <sec> 24 teen boys escaped from their dorms at a detention center near nashville .  they were unable to get out of the perimeter fence .  earlier this week , 32 boys escaped the premises .  most have turned themselves in or have been caugh .
 'it 's all death , but at least here it is slightly more gentle ' <sec> the lebanese town of arsal lies just across the border from war-torn syria .  since the syrian conflict broke out , the flow of refugees has roughly tripled arsal 's population .  a million syrian refugees are now registered with the u.n. 's refugee agency in lebanon .  the u.n. says it has just $ 242m of the $ 1.89b it needs for the crisis in lebanon alon .
 authorities review actions during lax shooting <sec> ap is reporting that a tsa officer killed during a shooting at lax lay bleeding for 33 minutes .  authorities investigating the shooting did not respond directly to the report .  officials release joint statement saying various statements have been made , some untru .
 co-pilots for airlines will need more training <sec> new faa rule will require more cockpit time and other training for first officers .  faa is mandating that co-pilots complete 1,500 hours total time as a pilot .  previously , only 250 hours of flight time were required .  new rules prompted by 2009 colgan crash ; training an issue in asiana accident as wel .
 the mozart of madras : composer a. r. rahman <sec> composer a. r. rahman has sold over 200 million albums worldwide .  the 'mozart of madras ' works in both the indian film industry and hollywood .  rahman 's work includes the music for 'the lord of the rings ' stage productio .
 u.s. zoos bid farewell to giant pandas <sec> atlanta 's mei lan , 3 , and washington 's tai shan , 4 , leave thursday .  animals will be entered into breeding program for endangered species .  pandas will have to learn commands in chinese languag .
 cell phone stories writing new chapter in print publishing <sec> hugely popular cell phone novels have created new market for publishers in japan .  written on cell phone , often by 20-somethings with themes taboo in society .  publishing boom has led to sector maturing , but sales still in millions of copies .  cell phone novels finding popularity in u.s. with advancing mobile technolog .
 9 believed dead , 4 injured in firefighter helicopter crash <sec> helicopter carrying 11 firefighters , two crewmen crashes in california , officials say .  nine people missing and presumed dead .  firefighters had been assigned to battle wildfires .  forest service spokeswoman : injured four -- including pilot -- hospitalize .
 'last flight to abuja ' : nollywood thriller campaigns for safer skies <sec> obi emelonye is the director of nollywood 's latest hit , `` last flight to abuja '' .  he uses the film to campaign for better civil aviation safety over african airspace .  the high-octane thriller is currently playing across west africa and in london .  `` we have a film that has pushed the boundaries with nollywood , '' he say .
 fisherman 's battle to revive tsunami-devastated industry <sec> urato islands off coast of miyagi prefecture a microcosm of troubles affecting fishing communities .  tsunami devastated islands destroying 90 % of fishing boats .  yoshimasa koizumi moved to island one day before tsunami struck .  his 'children of the sea ' project aims to revive fishing and community of urato island .
 'two gentlemen of chicago ' mixes shakespeare and chicago 's music <sec> `` two gentlemen of chicago '' is an adaptation of shakespeare 's `` two gentlemen of verona '' .  song and dance in the production is set to the music of the band chicag .
 4 killed as yemeni police , demonstrators clash at u.s. embassy <sec> four killed in protests , yemen security officials say .  white house : all u.s. embassy personnel are safe and accounted for .  24 security force members were injured in the clashes , yemen 's defense ministry says .  the angry protests are fueled by an online film that insults the prophet mohamme .
 pakistani forces capture village in taliban stronghold <sec> new : official says troops take village of kotkai .  about 28,000 pakistani soldiers move into epicenter of taliban activity .  up to 10,000 militants operating in south waziristan , officials estimate .  tens of thousands of civilians fleeing region , u.n. refugee agency say .
 opinion : supreme court must protect our privacy from the government <sec> marc rotenberg : electonic privacy group wants supreme court to step in on privacy .  he says secret court order makes verizon give call record info to national security agency .  he says : patriot act powers can only be used in certain circumstances .  rotenberg : supreme court has ultimate authority to say what law allows -- and it is not thi .
 lax ground stop lifted ; departures resume <sec> the federal aviation administration lifts its ground stop .  departure delays are reported in los angeles , las vegas and salt lake city .  lax is the sixth busiest airport in the world , third busiest in the united state .
 opinion : when the top cop is a woman <sec> peggy drexler : female law-enforcement officials prominent in navy yard shootings .  she says d.c. police chief , u.s. park police chief and fbi 's field office director are all women .  she says it 's remarkable - -and good -- that little is made of this , given male-dominated field .  drexler : more women are top-ranked cops today as `` brass ceiling '' steadily crackin .
 death roll rises in indonesia landslide <sec> at least 39 dead , 69 missing after friday landslide on indonesia 's java island .  at least 105 houses in sampang village were buried , state news agency reports .  video shows water still rushing along landslide path saturda .
 terrorized , starving and homeless : myanmar 's rohingya still forgotten <sec> rohingya are a stateless muslim minority living in myanmar 's rakhine state .  thousands have been forced to flee the region amid persecution from buddhist majority .  they are driven to refugee camps where conditions are extremely poor .  u.s. president barack obama raised the issue during his recent visit to myanma .
 long-separated korean families have reunion <sec> families have reunion meeting at resort in north korea , near border .  the south koreans must return home in a few days .  millions of koreans were separated following korean war cease-fire in 1953 .  about 10,000 people applied to participate ; fewer than 200 families approve .
 skype to start charging monthly fee for 3g calling <sec> on sunday , skype 2.0 was launched for the iphone 3g .  after august 2010 , skype will start charging a monthly fee for the 3g calling .  the fee is in addition to what you 're paying your mobile operator for data transfe .
 wisconsin athletic official resigns over allegations of inappropriate conduct <sec> john chadima resigned after the allegations surfaced .  chadima was the senior associate athletic director at the university of wisconsin .  after the sexual advance , chadima threatened to have the student fired , the report says .  `` i make no excuses and accept full responsibility , '' chadima said in a written statemen .
