 youth fatally shot by border agent had smuggling ties , official says <sec> new : the mexican teen killed in border patrol incident had been detained before , agency says .  cell phone video sheds light on shooting death of mexican teen by u.s. border patrol agent .  video does n't show agent surrounded by rock-throwing people as he shoots .  the mexican government calls use of gun against rock throwers `` disproportionate .
 mike tyson to present evander holyfield at hall of fame <sec> mike tyson will present evander holyfield at induction into nevada boxing hall of fame .  in a memorable 1997 boxing match , tyson bit off a piece of holyfield 's ear .  apparently bygones are bygones ; they appeared in a recent tv commercial together .  others being inducted include george foreman , sonny liston , joe louis , jack dempse .
 summer box office numbers down from last year <sec> summer is usually a time of blockbuster successes , but summer 2014 has seen a shift .  box office figures are down nearly 20 % from 2013 .  `` transformers '' is first movie to have repeat no . .  1 weekends since `` captain america '' in april .  only three movies have broken $ 200 million , compared with seven last yea .
 opinion : colorado 's troubles with pot <sec> sales of recreational marijuana began in washington state this week .  kevin sabet : colorado 's experience with pot legalization can hardly be called a success .  he says marijuana companies will profit from sales while kids will be harmed .  sabet : marijuana users have higher risks of schizophrenia and other psychotic illnesse .
 going purple for glaad 's # spiritday <sec> glaad declares october 16 # spiritday and asks everyone to wear purple .  eighty percent of lgbt youth are bullied , glaad says .  tweet your # spiritday photo to @ cn .
 no way to stop us , pirate leader says <sec> piracy a life or death choice , somali pirate says .  as foreign trawlers took catch , somali fishermen turned to piracy , leader says .  pirates gain more than $ 150 million in ransom in past year , official says .  governments unable to stop pirates , leader say .
 he rode the 'orphan train ' across the country <sec> stanley cornell is one of a few `` orphan train '' riders who are still living .  children without parents in eastern u.s. were transported west for adoption .  cornell and brother adopted by texas farm family ; he later adopted 2 boys himself .  the orphan trains aimed to provide better lives for homeless kid .
 police release photos of suspect in kidnapping of cal ripken 's mother <sec> police offer a $ 2,000 reward for tips leading to the arrest of the suspect .  a gunman forced violet ripken into a car at her home tuesday .  she was found unharmed about 24 hours later , they say .  police are still looking for motive , saying there were no ransom demand .
 italy 's senate approves austerity plans <sec> italy 's senate approves the economic reforms by 156 votes in favor , 12 against .  the lower house is expected to discuss the measures and vote on them saturday .  once the measures are adopted , berlusconi is expected to step down .  mario monti is touted as a possible successo .
 quake rattles western indonesia <sec> new : indonesian authorities lift tsunami warning .  witnesses report only minor shaking on land .  the magnitude 7.3 quake was centered more than 250 miles off sumatr .
 crowley : jpmorgan shakes up wall street and capitol hill <sec> jpmorgan chase lost $ 2 billion in hedge fund trading .  ceo jamie dimon has been leading opponent of today 's tighter regulations .  his fight to loosen regulations has been damaged , candy crowley observe .
 5 key issues for next israeli prime minister <sec> benjamin netanyahu trying to hold leadership post against isaac herzog .  iran , relations with palestinians among key issues .  but there also are domestic economic concern .
 no . 1 djokovic survives big berdych scare at atp finals <sec> novak djokovic beats tomas berdych in a third-set tie-break in group a opener .  serbian saves a match point to triumph at the season-ending championships .  fifth seed david ferrer upsets home hope andy murray in monday 's first game .  world no . .  3 murray struggling with groin injury and may quit the tournamen .
 american teen mistakenly deported to colombia returns to texas <sec> jakadrien turner , 15 , returned to texas on a flight friday evening .  she was the last person off the plane and was met by police .  u.s. authorities mistook the girl , who lacked identification , for a colombian nationa .
 texas court stays wednesday execution as lawyers seek dna tests <sec> henry `` hank '' skinner was scheduled for execution wednesday in texas .  a state appeals court granted a stay of execution .  skinner 's lawyers say dna testing could prove his innocence .  he was convicted of killing his girlfriend and her two adult sons in 199 .
 harsh afghan outposts raise serious challenges for u.s . <sec> 8 u.s. soldiers , two afghan soldiers killed in attack in nuristan province .  source : fighting so fierce that u.s. forces `` had to collapse in on themselves '' .  analyst says lessons have n't been learned in operating in rural afghanista .
 bachmann touts the 10 commandments in final speech <sec> rep. michele bachmann , r-minnesota , touted moses , the `` in god we trust '' motto and the ten commandments in a speech tuesday .  the speech was the four-term house member 's final one , coming as she prepares to leave office in january .  bachmann 's exit will end a congressional inquiry into alleged campaign finance violations during her 2012 presidential bi .
 police searching for missing ohio teen <sec> abbi obermiller last seen june 6 .  text messages indicate she was planning to run away with her boyfriend , police say .  boyfriend denies knowledge of her whereabouts .  he has been charged with obstruction of justice for failure to cooperate in investigatio .
 new 'urban car ' claims to slash co2 emissions by two thirds <sec> riversimple launches car prototype with lowest level of carbon emissions .  car is powered by a hydrogen fuel cell and four electric motors over the wheels .  company 's looking for $ 33 million dollars to build ten cars for trials .  designer spowers used expertise he gained in motor racing to build prototyp .
 'june fourth ' in the body of liu xiaobo <sec> jailed activist liu xiaobo was a participant of the 1989 pro-democracy movement .  every year , liu writes an elegy for the martyrs of the tiananmen square massacre .  `` june fourth in my body '' was dedicated to the year 2009 , the same year liu was given an 11-year sentence .  friend and fellow activist teng biao recites an extract from the moving poe .
 he brings joy of music to deaf people <sec> sean forbes , 26 , started a nonprofit called deaf performing artists network .  d-pan creates american sign language-enhanced music videos .  forbes : 'a lot of the people ... in the videos never experienced music before ' .  inspiration came during road trip when he was performing for friends in ca .
 aladar gerevich <sec> olympic record : 7 gold medals , 1 silver medal , 1 bronze medal .  gerevich joined the team as an 18-year-old in los angeles in 1932 .  he remains the only competitor to win the same olympic event six time .
 south korean man sentenced to life of hard labor in north korea <sec> south korean man sentenced to life in hard labor in north korea .  south korean ministry criticizes sentencing and calls for kim 's release .  kim jong uk is accused of trying to set up underground churches in north kore .
 crying for justice , clinging to hope : the parents of mexico 's missing 43 <sec> isrrael galindo is believed to be the only u.s.-based parent of any of the 43 missing students .  he hopes his 19-year-old son and the 42 other students are still alive .  `` i want him to know that i love him , '' he weeps , `` i want him alive '' .  other parents and many in mexico are in an uproar over an apparent atrocit .
 five easy road trips <sec> each destination is less than three hours outside the nearest big city .  columbia county , new york is home to picture-perfect hamlets and a citified food scene .  visit the only remaining frank lloyd wright hotel in mason city , iow .
 many senate democrats wary of plan to arm syrian rebels <sec> house votes to approve arming and training syrian rebels .  democratic-led senate votes on the measure thursday .  many democrats are skeptical and believe the effort could lead to a slippery slope .  measure will be tucked inside a government spending bil .
 5 detained in probe of deadly qatar mall fire <sec> the mall 's owner and the owner of the nursery are among those detained .  19 people died in the monday blaze at the villaggio shopping mall in doha .  13 of the dead were children in the mall 's nurser .
 kanye west a 'named suspect ' in beverly hills battery probe <sec> west was identified as a suspect `` by the victim and several witnesses , '' police say .  beverly hills police give few details of the alleged battery .  west already charged with battery and attempted theft in an airport incident last yea .
 medvedev : former oil magnate must admit guilt <sec> there will be no favoritism for mikhail khodorkovsky , russian leader says .  former head of yukos oil company serving nine years for fraud , tax evasion .  president says talks of a pardon are prematur .
 farrow : we must end the obscenity of hunger <sec> 170 million children worldwide suffer stunting due to malnutrition .  condition permanently damages young children , impedes ability to learn , grow .  international help is urgently needed to reduce levels of poverty .  stunting rates dropped in haiti due to aid from the 2010 earthquak .
 key faa facilities face retirement wave , attrition woes <sec> the situation tracks back to the 1981 air traffic controller strike .  then-president reagan fired more than 11,000 striking controllers .  the faa hired thousands of predominantly young controllers as replacements .  those controllers have become eligible for retiremen .
 sting and paul simon to tour north america together in 2014 <sec> paul simon and sting announce a tour of north america .  it will kick off in early 2014 .  tickets go on sale soo .
 unpakt is 'yelp for moving companies ' <sec> unpakt lets users get instant quotes from moving companies .  the site allows users to lock in a price , not get an estimate .  unpakt added two new tools on monda .
 co-workers recreate classic art <sec> co-workers chris limbrick and francesco fragomeni recreate classic artwork for fun .  the office project has grown into a website , tumblr and instagram account .  the pair are art lovers and their employer , squarespace , encourages the creative projec .
 i do ... cost a lot : weddings by the numbers <sec> market research says there are more than 2 million weddings in the united states every year .  the average wedding cost is $ 28,427 , according to a survey by theknot.com .  manhattan is the most expensive spot for a wedding -- an average of $ 76,68 .
 o.j . simpson loses appeal in las vegas armed robbery trial <sec> nevada supreme court finds simpson 's arguments `` without merit '' .  a codefendant wins a new trial .  simpson will continue a 33-year prison sentence with a chance for parole after nine years .  justices found simpson was `` furious '' when committing 2007 robbery over sports memorabili .
 karl weakens in mexico ; bermuda mobilizes for igor <sec> new : karl is downgraded to a tropical storm .  storm system brewing off cape verde islands .  bermuda taking igor seriously ; warning issue .
 cnn student news transcript : summer show - july 27 , 2011 <sec> use this week 's cnn student news webcast to understand the u.s. debt ceiling .  explore the limits of government spending if the debt limit is n't raised .  understand how some government programs could lose some of their fundin .
 are you fitter than a fifth-grader ? probably <sec> kids today are less fit than their parents were at the same age , research shows .  that could put them at risk for chronic diseases as adults .  the cdc recommends kids get an hour of exercise involving the entire bod .
 frances bean to lana del rey : early death is n't 'cool ' <sec> cobain 's daughter responded to del rey via twitter .  cobain said stars who died young `` wasted that life '' .  she later added that she has no animosity towards del re .
 katy perry : biggest digital artist ever beats rihanna <sec> her fans have bought 72 million digital singles online .  she has 18 gold , 16 platinum and 56 multiplatinum digital singles awards .  recording industry association of america began awarding gold and platinum digital singles in '0 .
 why a slowdown in china is still good for business <sec> all of china 's economic indicators point to a slowdown in 2015 as wages rise and inflation takes holds .  the slowdown presents a good opportunity for emerging markets to take some of china 's market share .  chinese companies are already seeking out lower labor costs in countries across the asia region .  experts say the prospects for countries such as bangladesh , cambodia , pakistan have never been bette .
 site of fatal niu shootings to be demolished <sec> cole hall , site of shootings , to be replaced by high-tech `` memorial hall '' .  steven kazmierczak opened fire in geology lecture hall february 14 .  kazmierczak shot 21 people , killing five of them , then killed himself , police say .  shooter 's girlfriend says he stopped taking antidepressant a few weeks earlie .
 commentary : kennedy opened door for obama <sec> thomas maier : kennedy 's heritage was of an immigrant family that broke barriers .  maier says the kennedy brothers pushed wider opening of u.s. borders in 1960s .  he says resulting demographic change helped usher in president obama 's election .  maier : like jfk , obama 's background is much different than other president .
 fans cemetery : from the cradle to the grave service provided by schalke <sec> fc schalke 04 to open stadium shaped cemetery for club 's fans from next month .  schalke founded in the year 1904 and the cemetery will contain that number of graves .  schalke now provides a birthing room , baptisms , marriages and now a final resting place .  boca juniors of argentina opened a similar ceremony five years ag .
 rita : an israeli star singing iranian songs <sec> rita is one of israel 's best-known singers ; sang national anthem at israel 's jubilee celebrations .  she moved from tehran to tel aviv aged eight and rose to stardom singing in hebrew .  goes back to her iranian roots and sings classic persian ballads in farsi on latest albu .
 dozens wounded as myanmar police break up copper mine protests <sec> new : `` we are very concerned about the protests , '' the chinese firm involved in the mine says .  aung san suu kyi visits the area and says she hopes for a peaceful solution .  hundreds of protesters have been demonstrating against the mine project .  police use tear gas and water cannons to clear protest camps , witnesses sa .
 airbus sends first a350 xwb into the sky <sec> the first a350 xwb test flight comes to a successful end in toulouse , france .  `` i knew it was going to be impressive , but i was blown away , '' says airbus coo .  the a350 is designed to go head-to-head with rival boeing 's 787 dreamliner and 777s .  there 's still no confirmation of an a350 xwb appearance at paris air sho .
 water dogs should come with warnings <sec> breeders fear too many people will try to get dog like the obamas ' bo .  breeder : portuguese water dogs are `` active athletes , '' not couch potatoes .  they are more likely to rip up couch than to lounge on it .  dogs bond quickly with family and want to be with them all the tim .
 breastfeeding : why are we so squeamish about it ? <sec> kelly wallace ca n't understand why society is so squeamish about nursing in 2014 .  mom helped stage a `` nurse-in '' after she was escorted to bathroom while nursing .  another mom says breastfeeding `` uneasiness '' has to do with views on sexualit .
 texas oil pipeline fire causes evacuation of milford near dallas <sec> 700 residents of milford , texas , had to evacuate after an oil pipeline exploded .  chevron oil company requested the evacuation as long as the oil is still burning .  the company is concerned about possible dangers to air quality in milford .  residents are expected to return home on saturda .
 airport screeners scrutinizing remote-controlled toys <sec> tsa : remote-controlled toys could be used to trigger explosive devices .  travelers encouraged to place them in checked luggage .  additional screening not prompted by any specific intelligence , agency say .
 family of nelson mandela : his health is in god 's hands now <sec> ex-wife winnie mandela says former husband 's struggles are `` extremely painful '' to watch .  she visited him sunday at the hospital where he has been receiving treatment since june 8 .  his daughter says his health is now `` between him and his maker .
 did jamie oliver really shape up town ? <sec> celebrity chef jamie oliver takes on obesity in huntington , west virginia .  jamie oliver 's `` food revolution '' set to debut on abc on sunday .  spokeswoman says residents are exercising and eating better , but not because of olive .
 ex-star quarterback found dead after going missing during fishing trip <sec> new : cullen finnerty 's body has been found , his alma mater tweets .  he went fishing sunday in northern michigan , had n't been seen since .  a website named the grand valley state star division ii 's best player in the 2000s .  finnerty was with the nfl 's baltimore ravens for a year , though he never got in a gam .
 the blood and sweat behind labor day <sec> ken davis : today , labor under fire . .  but war for workers ' rights was long , deadly struggle .  there was child labor , 12-hour days , 6-day weeks , low wages , no sick days , holidays .  soldiers , militias , private armies used deadly force to break 19th-century strikes .  labor day born in 1894 , he says , but reform did n't come till fdr 's fair labor law .
 rafael nadal battles back for indian wells triumph <sec> rafael nadal wins indian wells master by beating juan martin del potro .  the win at the california event is nadal 's third tournament win of 2013 .  the spaniard was out for seven months between july and february .  nadal has won 17 matches and lost one in 2013 , his best ever start to a seaso .
 why is bahrain f1 race under fire ? <sec> democracy campaigners in bahrain want sunday 's f1 race in the gulf state to be canceled .  protesters see race as publicity stunt by country 's rulers to make nation seem more unified .  shiite opposition groups in the sunni-ruled kingdom want equality and human rights reforms .  motorsport 's governing body say race should go ahead ; drivers brush off safety concern .
 castles , courtly love in germany 's rhine valley <sec> author travels along germany 's romantic and castle roads for honeymoon .  schönburg castle hotel housed wealthy noble in the middle ages .  rothenburg ob der tauber has remained virtually untouched since the 17th century .  the town of weimar is a portal to the enlightenmen .
 benefit of office face time a myth <sec> shelley correll , catherine albiston : work in office more productive , right ? .  wrong .  they say studies show those who can control where they work are more productive .  they say men who worked in and out of office more likely to make partner than women .  writers : yahoo 's edict on telecommuting a blunt instrument based on face time fallac .
 q & a : the return of the russian superpower ? <sec> booming oil and gas prices have fueled russia 's recent prosperity .  heavy impact of financial crisis has weighed heavily on superpower aspirations .  no signs of vladimir putin taking a backseat role in russia 's futur .
 'feel ' objects in thin air : the future of touch technology <sec> researchers are working on allowing you to 'feel ' objects in mid-air .  disney research uses bursts of air , bristol students experimenting with ultrasound .  new touchscreens also offer tactile feedback .  inventions point to a future where you can feel technology in new way .
 waris dirie : supermodel survivor <sec> somalian supermodel and human rights activist .  campaigns against female genital mutilation ; suffered circumcision age just five .  fled from somali to uk as a teenager ; spotted by fashion photographer .  set up waris dirie foundation in 2002 ; received numerous award for her wor .
 'how i met your mother ' team previews final season <sec> `` how i met your mother '' cast previews details of final season .  new episodes will focus on ted 's relationship with mother from show 's title .  the whole season will take place over a single weeken .
