 obama announces education help for unemployed <sec> new : president obama says `` education is the single best bet we can make '' .  his aim is to allow the unemployed to go back to school and not lose benefits .  department of education will start sending colleges legal guidanc .
 microsoft launches outlook facebook integration <sec> outlook social connector syncs social networking feeds with your outlook contacts .  new facebook status updates will pop up in realtime within outlook .  outlook will only pull data from e-mails connected to facebook account .
 yale settles sexual harassment complaint <sec> government says yale `` largely under-reported '' allegations of sexual harassment .  16 students filed a formal complaint that helped spawn the federal investigation .  yale has initiated policy changes as a result of the complaint and investigatio .
 an 'old school ' way to share the love <sec> hannah brencher spent a year writing love letters to strangers .  her kind words turned into more love letters , which has sent notes to 50 countries .  write a letter and share the love at moreloveletters.co .
 chicago greenlights citations for marijuana instead of arrests <sec> chicago approves a measure that allows citations for those carrying small amounts .  offenders would face a fine that ranges from $ 250 to $ 500 .  rhode island gov . .  lincoln chafee signed a similar measure into law earlier this month .  new york gov . .  andrew cuomo asked legislators to reduce penalties for possessio .
 ride operator arrested after 5 hurt at north carolina state fair <sec> more arrests are possible , sheriff says .  timothy dwayne tutterrow is charged with assault with a deadly weapon .  he was operating the vortex ride at the n.c. state fair .  three of those injured remain hospitalize .
 wounded taxi driver 'watched friend shot in face ' <sec> taxi driver ducked for cover as a colleague was shot dead at point blank range .  don reed , a former soldier , was shot in the back by gunman derrick bird .  bird was involved in a dispute with other taxi drivers , cab firm owner says .  bird eventually found dead in lake district village following police manhun .
 funeral for 9 kentucky car wreck victims draws 3,000 <sec> 9 family members , friend were in van driving to wedding in iowa .  tractor-trailer crossed median and hit van ; its driver also died .  two boys , age 3 and 5 , survive .
 google 's new car : no driver , and no steering wheel <sec> google has unveiled its own version of a driverless car with no steering wheel and pedals .  the vehicle can go at maximum speed of 25 mph and can carry two people , the company says .  google says it would build around 100 prototypes and start testing them this summe .
 little progress , many holes in kids ' mental health system <sec> experts from across the country gather to discuss mental health needs of children .  one in five u.s. children has a diagnosable mental disorder .  75 to 80 percent of affected children do not get the needed mental health services .  hope is high that new administration will tackle issue in health care refor .
 bundesliga ceo : youth investment the key to all-bundesliga final <sec> bayern munich and borussia dortmund battle for champions league title .  first time two bundesliga clubs have contested the final .  ceo of bundesliga says their youth policy has paid off .  each team in top two tiers must have an academ .
 cnn 's pivit : gop 's odds of taking senate hit 95 % <sec> after rosy polls , cnn 's pivit puts republicans ' chances of winning a senate majority at 95 % .  pivit gives the gop strong odds of picking off democratic seats in iowa , colorado and arkansas .  democrats could hold seats in north carolina and new hampshire , the analysis suggest .
 taking on isis : that which we call a 'war ' ... <sec> john kerry will not use the term war to describe washington 's impending military action .  others in the obama administration are describing it as war , in a certain way .  state department spokeswoman : `` it will not involve american combat troops fighting on foreign soil .
 authorities : maria to be placed with foster family in bulgaria <sec> new : social workers will try to help parents improve living conditions so children can return .  maria will be cared for by a foster family in bulgaria , authorities there say .  her birth parents were found to be a roma couple in bulgaria .  the couple 's other underage children will now be cared for by authoritie .
 remains found in florida canal may solve 1999 disappearance <sec> nelta jacques and her two daughters disappeared in june 1999 .  they were traveling from fort lauderdale to tampa , florida , on a rainy night .  relatives were notified a minivan found in a canal wednesday was registered to jacques .  relatives said they were providing dna samples to check against remains found in the va .
 gobble up these 6 turkey day destinations <sec> step back in time and explore a mayflower replica in plymouth , massachusetts .  a manhattan hotel will help guests ship their black friday purchases home .  ski the utah slopes for thanksgiving and follow it up with a romantic dinner .  new york city deli katz 's will host thanksgiving dinner with deli side .
 britney spears makes 'x factor ' debut in austin <sec> britney spears , demi lovato , l.a. reid , simon cowell listened to 31 singers .  the first of two days of tapings took place in austin , texas .  demi lovato drew laughs and cheers from the crow .
 milito to miss argentina 's crunch qualifiers <sec> argentina striker diego milito ruled out of the final two world cup qualifiers .  thigh injury means milito misses matches against peru and uruguay .  coach diego maradona names boca juniors forward martin palermo in squad .  argentina battling to qualify for next year 's finals in south afric .
 'cheated ' irish call for world cup replay <sec> new : republic of ireland officials lodge official complaint with world ruling body fifa .  new : fai also writes to french counterparts asking for world cup play-off to be replayed .  cameras showed france 's thierry henry guiding ball with his hand twice , before william gallas scored .  ex-france player david ginola said henry was only doing his job for his country and should not be blame .
 catholic sexual abuse case is spain 's biggest of its kind , has pope 's attention <sec> judge files preliminary charges of sexual abuse against three priests , one religious teacher .  magistrate orders suspected ringleader to post $ 12,500 bond , court statement says .  pope francis is weighing in : `` the truth is the truth , and we must not hide it '' .  an attorney representing all four defendants tells cnn that they deny the charge .
 daughtry tops albums chart , outsells michael jackson <sec> daughtry 's `` leave this town '' tops chart with 269,000 copies sold .  in past weeks , michael jackson 's `` number ones '' has been biggest-selling album .  daughtry 's first album sold 304,000 when it was released in 2006 .  other top albums this week are from dead weather , joe and twist .
 ebook lending : libraries go digital <sec> paperless books are winding up in public library catalogs .  source : publishers should n't be concerned that ebook lending will impact sales of ebooks .  as with physical books , there can be a wait in downloading from a library 's websit .
 instagram brings its feeds to desktop users <sec> photo-sharing service instagram now lets you see your feed on any computer .  users still can not upload photos from a desktop or browse by hashtags .  the mobile-first company has been rolling out desktop features slowly over the past yea .
 ntsb : helicopter that crashed into nyc river was too heavy <sec> the helicopter crash in october 2011 killed two of five people aboard .  a third person died later from injuries , the ntsb says .  the ntsb says the chopper was over its weight limit .  the pilot says the crash was due to an unanticipated `` loss of tail rotor effectiveness .
 american held in aruba disappearance wo n't go free <sec> new : giordano 's request for release from aruban custody denied .  he is a suspect in robyn gardner 's disappearance .  authorities say giordano is the beneficiary of gardner 's $ 1.5 million insurance policy .  giordano 's next hearing is scheduled for the end of octobe .
 olympic badminton players disqualified for trying to lose <sec> new : the head coach of the chinese badminton team apologizes .  players from south korea , china and indonesia are expelled for not trying to win .  british sports fans call the incident `` shocking '' and not in the olympic spirit .  the eight players would have had tactical reasons for wanting to los .
 world leaders condemn terror attack at kenya mall , pledge support <sec> new : `` attacks of terror can not be allowed to go unpunished , '' canada 's prime minister says .  the united states pledged support to kenya in its hunt for the perpetrators .  two french citizens are among the victims , according to the elysee palace .  uk prime minister david cameron has been briefed by kenya 's presiden .
 defense department to release abuse photos , aclu says <sec> photos showing abuse of prisoners in iraq , afghanistan to be released , aclu says .  aclu filed lawsuit in 2004 against bush administration for access to photos .  defense department says it will not appeal court ruling , will release pictures .  aclu : pictures , taken at facilities other than abu ghraib , to be released by may 2 .
 ex-hospital worker indicted in hepatitis c infections <sec> investigators say david kwiatkowski stole drugs , treated patients with used syringes .  kwiatkowski carried the hepatitis c virus and infected more than 30 people , feds say .  he 's been charged with product tampering and fraudulently obtaining drug .
 5 suspected jihadi cell members arrested in france <sec> five men aged from 26 to 44 are arrested in a police raid in lunel , southern france .  france 's interior minister says the arrests deal a `` new blow '' to terroris .
 report : while arab world explodes , iran cracks down with impunity <sec> a new amnesty international report documents what is described as repression in iran .  the human rights advocacy group urges the international community to take action .  `` we are ordered to crush you , '' one interrogator told a detainee , according to the report .  things may get worse with elections around the corner , amnesty say .
 mr. president , show the gop who 's boss <sec> gop senators are criticizing susan rice for her comments about benghazi attack .  roland martin says the focus on rice is unwarranted given her limited role on issue .  he says president obama should defy critics , pick rice to be secretary of state .  martin : president should show that he ca n't be bullied by republican .
 inside gadhimai , the world 's biggest ritual slaughter <sec> thousands of water buffalo and goats will be slaughtered in nepal 's gadhimai festival .  held every five years , the festival is dedicated to a hindu goddess of power .  animal rights activists have campaigned to change attitudes and reduce the killin .
 uk loses latest attempt to deport abu qatada <sec> british government loses its latest bid to deport abu qatada , also known as omar othman .  home secretary theresa may has until april 17 to appeal the ruling .  the radical cleric is accused of funding terrorist groups and inspiring one of the 9/11 hijackers .  abu qatada denies the allegations against him and has long fought his deportation to jorda .
 sam raimi talks 'oz the great and powerful ' <sec> director sam raimi said he was hesitant to take on `` oz the great and powerful '' .  raimi : `` the original is my favorite film of all time . .  i did n't want it sullied '' .  `` oz '' tells the story of the man who would be wizard , played by james franc .
 pulitzer winner to publish new story , one tweet at a time <sec> the new yorker was to begin posting a short story tweet by tweet on twitter thursday night .  jennifer egan 's `` black box '' will be serialized each night for 10 nights .  a pulitzer winner , egan has embraced nontraditional storytelling .  other authors have tried fiction on twitter and in other digital form .
 solemn , stupefied , families in kathmandu after earthquake <sec> tremors subside finally in kathmandu , but after-effects of saturday 's staggering tragedy will be felt for years .  arwa damon and gul tuysuz take tour of devastated city as locals struggle to cope .  workers dig painstakingly , slowly removing piles of stone and debri .
 court to nrc : make decision on nuclear waste storage at yucca mountain <sec> in a 2-1 decision , judges order nrc to approve or reject the permit for the storage project .  there 's opposition to putting a long-term nuclear storage facility at yucca mountain .  in 2009 , the energy department announced plans to terminate the project .  the court says the nrc is defying the law by not making a decisio .
 saltillo falling under narco-violence , mexicans say <sec> firefights have been recorded in saltillo , mexico .  two cartels have united to fight a third in the area , an intelligence firm says .  more than 100 disappearances have been reported in recent year .
 on tv , a new jesus comes into view <sec> if you turned on the television this past sunday , a new vision of jesus came into view . .  darker , in mood and skin tone . .  earthy rather than ethereal . .  according to the apostle paul , almost every depiction of jesus so far has gotten at least one detail wrong .
 indonesia blocks youtube to protest islam film <sec> indonesia temporarily bans youtube to block video many say is anti-islamic .  govt . .  asks youtube to remove `` fitna , '' by dutch lawmaker geert wilders .  film , which juxtaposes terrorism and verses from the quran , has sparked protests .  last week students broke into dutch consulate compound in jakarta to demonstrat .
 poll : did obama 's reaction to gates arrest hurt him ? <sec> cnn/opinion research corp. poll released on tuesday .  poll takes a look at opinion of obama 's comments on the gates arrest .  54 percent polled say cambridge police did n't act `` stupidly '' as obama said .  just over half of those polled feel that gates acted stupidly in the inciden .
 witnesses : dozens wounded at yemen protests <sec> 11 protesters have gunshot wounds , witnesses said .  witnesses : more than 45 protesters injured when security forces sprayed tear gas .  the yemeni government has denied targeting peaceful protester .
 detained bahraini activist said to show signs of abuse <sec> abulhadi al-khawaja shows possible signs of torture , human rights watch says .  his wife and daughter said they saw him in court sunday and that he told them of abuse .  two other detainees entered court with limps , human rights watch say .
 team loses 400 pounds for winter games <sec> the team usa floor hockey team needed more endurance , agility for winter games .  team members exercised five to six days a week and gave up soda , sugary snacks .  team 's captain lost more than 50 pounds before traveling to south kore .
 company recalls ground beef over e. coli fears <sec> it recalls 34,373 pounds of organic ground beef .  products were shipped to six states .  a company sampling confirms a positive result for e. coli .
 guerrilla leader killed in colombia , president says <sec> army retracts claim that another leader was also killed .  guerrillas suffer second major setback in the past few days .  the guerrilla leader was widely known as mono jojoy .  he was the no . .  2 leader in the farc guerrilla grou .
 college kids make robotic arms for children without real ones <sec> around the world , volunteers with 3-d printers are making limbs for children . .  meet some orlando engineering students changing the world .
 cameroon athletes go missing at london olympics , team chief says <sec> seven athletes from cameroon have gone missing , their team chief says .  the athletes include five boxers , a woman footballer and a male swimmer , he says .  the athletes have the right to remain in the united kingdom until early november .  it is not yet clear whether they intend to try to seek asylum in the united kingdo .
 kvitova stuns sharapova to claim wimbledon crown <sec> petra kvitova beats maria sharapova 6-3 6-4 to win wimbledon women 's singles title .  21-year-old czech kvitova was winning her maiden grand slam title .  first player from czech republic to win wimbledon singles title since jana novotna in 199 .
 surprise hit 'paranormal activity ' scares money out of moviegoers <sec> new horror film has found success with fans spreading the word .  `` paranormal activity '' is using nontraditional marketing campaign .  the movie broke box office records over the weekend for a limited release .  paramount executive : `` the film is selling itself .
 the myth of america 's decline <sec> the rapid growth of china and india does not mean the u.s. has fallen behind , rob asghar says .  both face major environmental and infrastructural challenges within the next decade , he says .  many east and south asia societies are facing resistance to progress , asghar says .  asghar : u.s. may sabotage its tilt toward innovative growth if political dysfunction continue .
 special places to find gratitude <sec> the folk tales grace lin heard in hong kong inspired her to write about gratitude and peace .  montana 's rugged wilderness has taught laura munson about `` rugged wilderness that is me '' .  anne lamott creates a `` cruise ship '' in her living room when she needs to find serenit .
 opinion : america , quit whining about gas <sec> in the uk , a gallon of gas can easily come to around $ 10 , says writer , compared to around $ 4 in the u.s . .  foxall : high price of fuel impacts the type of cars that europeans drive .  europeans now discuss their motors in terms of miles per gallon , says writer , rather than miles per hour .  writer : america needs petrol prices to double if people are to permanently park up their 15mpg pick-up truck .
 second suspect questioned again in savile probe <sec> the second suspect , named by british media as comedian freddie starr , is quizzed again .  the suspect is in his 60s and from warwickshire , british police say .  starr denied any allegations against him in media interviews last month .  a tv documentary has detailed allegations of sex abuse against tv host jimmy savil .
 inside the world 's greatest gathering of music hackers <sec> brooklyn 's annual bent festival is a gathering of music hackers .  hackers use broken electronic gadgets to make music by `` circuit bending '' .  at night , both amateur and expert musicians make music with their homemade gea .
 following the trail after charlie hebdo terror attack <sec> report : police have identified a suspected accomplice to coulibaly .  hayat boumeddiene is considered a key to unraveling the plot .  scope of the story is spreading , from bulgaria to north afric .
 soldier held on suspicion of spying 'just a simple country boy , ' friend says <sec> new : william colton millay 's friends were shocked by the news of his arrest .  the army specialist is suspected of espionage .  the case had no connection to wikileaks nor was any data transferred , the army says .  a friend describes millay as `` loyal to his country .
 family affair for kaymer with father 's day victory <sec> u.s. open winner pays tribute to dad , horst , after father 's day victory at pinehurst .  german won players ' championship a month earlier on mother 's day .  his mother , rina , died of complications following skin cancer back in 2008 .  heart transplant survivor erik compton finishes second at the u.s. ope .
 north korea at risk of famine , says u.n . <sec> world food program warns of looming food crisis in north korea .  agency says prices have doubled as state rations are dwindling .  food shortages believed to have been caused by flooding last yea .
 japan 's prime minister under fire for fashion choices <sec> newspaper poll : 67 percent disapprove of japan 's pm hatoyama .  pm wears a multi-colored checked shirt that fashion designer pans .  pm 's wife got attention over comments she met tom cruise in previous life .  analyst warns attention to clothes rather than policy is bad sign for p .
 did the 'airbender ' adaptation ever have a chance ? <sec> `` the last airbender '' movie is adaptation of animated tv series .  some fans of show boycotted movie because three lead actors are caucasian .  movie is being panned by many critic .
 ecclestone leads tributes to late lotus legend warr <sec> former lotus boss peter warr died of a heart attack on monday aged 72 .  bernie ecclestone has led tributes to warr , who became team manager at lotus in 1969 .  he had previously been a driver for lotus , winning the japanese grand prix in 1963 .  warr attended the bahrain gp in march , which saw lotus return to f1 after six year .
 complete list of academy award nominees and winners <sec> the coen brothers ' `` no country for old men '' wins best picture .  the brothers also take wins in both best director and best screenplay categories .  daniel day-lewis wins best actor for `` there will be blood '' .  marion cotillard 's performance as edith piaf earns best actress wi .
