 firth fashions a green path for hollywood <sec> livia firth 's green carpet challenge puts ethical fashion in the spotlight .  wife of oscar-winning actor colin , firth founded the project in 2009 .  firth has encouraged hollywood 's biggest stars to wear recycled clothes on the red carpe .
 why it 's time for drug regulation <sec> new report by global commission on drug policy calls for drug policy rethink .  group calls for permitting the `` legal regulation of psychoactive substances '' .  what 's needed are appropriately regulated legal drug markets , says richard branson .  u.s. example of prohibition shows why current drug policies wo n't wor .
 space shuttle endeavour lands in california , nears retirement home <sec> new : former shuttle commander mark kelly , gabby giffords watch flyover .  orbiter endeavour , atop 747 , lands at edwards air force base .  nasa plans some low-altitude flyovers so people can get a good look friday .  the retired shuttle is headed towards a museum in los angele .
 24 migrants die after boat sinks in turkey <sec> seven survivors and 24 bodies pulled from water , anadolu news agency reports .  12 children were among 43 people on board the boat .  nine were carrying afghan passports , turkey 's transport minister tells the agenc .
 nasa data shows nationwide air improvement <sec> `` we still have a long way to go , '' says american lung association official .  nasa data show substantial decreases in nitrogen dioxide .  nasa scientists attributes reductions to more-efficient cars , smokestack emissions cuts .  nitrogen dioxide is separate from greenhouse gases , which were n't measured in this repor .
 recent grad : 'leaning in ' helped me land a job <sec> sheryl sandberg recently published a new book , `` lean in : for graduates '' .  julia carpenter read the original `` lean in '' shortly before graduating college .  she 's part of a lean in circle , and used the ideas to push for a job .  still , not all of sandberg 's original advice resonates with her generation , she sai .
 'disgusted ' alex rodriguez leaves suspension hearing <sec> attorney for alex rodriguez says selig is being a coward .  alex rodriguez claims commissioner is out to destroy his career .  yankees player is appealing his 211-game suspension .  mlb accuses rodriguez of taking performance-enhancing drug .
 supreme court could weigh in on nsa case , justice says <sec> justices ruth bader ginsburg and antonin scalia speak before the national press club .  when asked about the snowden case , ginsburg says justices `` are not at liberty to preview '' .  if nsa leaker edward snowden is charged with federal crimes , the court could hear his cas .
 secret beaches of north america <sec> the best beaches in north america to soak in rays and feel the sand between your toes .  cow yard landing in massachusetts is a rare spot on cape cod where you can ditch the crowds .  only long island locals know about orient beach , where you can catch gorgeous sunset .
 taliban 'narco-terrorist ' begs for mercy , gets life sentence <sec> khan mohammed convicted of plotting rocket attack , selling heroin .  mohammed the first convicted under law increasing penalties for `` narco-terrorists '' .  citing his family , mohammed cries and pleads with judge to have mercy .  judge says mohammed had `` undiluted hatred for the united states .
 photos : intricate , delicate , stunning snowflakes up close <sec> temperatures are plummeting across the deep south .  chicago is expected to see temperatures dip down to -5 degrees .  ireporters share their views of winter with creative snowflake photo .
 would italy ask for knox to be extradited ? <sec> `` i think we have a hint from italy that they may not seek her extradition , '' law prof says .  the state department declines to say whether italy has sought extradition .  knox and her former boyfriend were found guilty thursday of murdering meredith kercher .  knox , a student at the university of washington , did not attend the tria .
 sample of gandhi 's blood goes up for auction <sec> a microscope slide with a trace of gandhi 's blood is up for auction in england .  other lots include a shawl made from thread spun by gandhi and a pair of his sandals .  documents including a two-page will signed by gandhi are for sal .
 austria 's michael haneke takes home second palme d'or <sec> new : the winning film is `` amour '' .  new : it 's the second palme d'or for michael haneke .  22 films were in competition for the top prize .  the cannes festival began may 1 .
 q & a ; : what happens once the royal baby is born ? <sec> duke and duchess of cambridge are eagerly awaiting the birth of their first baby .  royal protocols and traditions govern how the new royal arrival is announced .  queen elizabeth ii , british pm , and baby 's grandparents among first to hear news .  public will be told of baby 's birth via note on an easel outside buckingham palac .
 hearing loss an 'invisible , ' and widely uninsured , problem <sec> 75 % to 80 % of adults with hearing loss do n't get hearing aids .  hearing aids cost from $ 1,000 to $ 6,000 per ear .  most private insurance companies and medicare do n't pay for them .  almost everyone has some hearing loss over tim .
 bond . jane bond : women spy recruits urged in uk <sec> more women are needed to change the culture of britain 's intelligence agencies , report says .  mumsnet , an online parenting forum , could be used to reach a new pool of talent , it suggest .
 where in the world ... ? <sec> do you know where this photo was taken ? .  cnn will post a new photo each monday morning and reveal the answer later that day .  the photo might be related to a recent story -- or it could just be something unusual we foun .
 first woman wins nobel prize for economics <sec> u.s. professors elinor ostrom and oliver williamson win nobel prize for economics .  ostrom becomes the first woman to win the prize in its 40-year history .  nobel panel : winners ' work focuses on how community institutions can stop conflic .
 3 dead , 2 missing after navy helicopter crash off san diego <sec> new : rescuers still searching for two people missing from tuesday night crash .  coast guard using helicopters and boats to search ocean for crew .  copter was doing training off coast of mexico , near san diego , when it crashe .
 supreme court holds u.s. rights legacy in the balance <sec> vince warren : at its best , u.s. has been key in championing universal human rights .  warren : a longstanding law lets foreign victims of human rights abuse find justice in u.s. courts .  supreme court to rule in international human rights case whether law will stand , he says .  warren : if court upholds the law , the world will see u.s. still supports human rights for al .
 neighbors say suspect in patz killing lived a quiet life with his family <sec> new : pedro hernandez is charged with murder in the case of etan patz .  police say that hernandez confessed to the crime .  he lived in a suburban new jersey neighborhood and led a quiet life , his neighbors say .  `` they were pretty good people , but you never know , '' a neighbor say .
 cnn student news - january 23 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call . .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 black churches and the role of empowerment <sec> deforest soaries : churches helped blacks ' political , cultural , spiritual progress .  slaves found , in the bible , a means to cope with dire circumstances , he writes .  more than place of a worship , soaries says . .  people fulfilled potential there .  he says black churches instrumental in helping people survive and succee .
 tsa investigating firecrackers in southwest flight <sec> the southwest airlines flight was leaving las vegas for kansas city , missouri .  after an inspection that included re-screening luggage , it was declared saf .
 painkillers blamed in death of oklahoma linebacker <sec> medical examiner 's report shows player had five different painkillers in his system .  austin box , 22 , was found unconscious may 19 and later declared dead .  parents say they regret box could n't `` share his pain '' with loved ones .  he was slated to begin next season as the starting middle linebacke .
 in australia , a major cocaine bust <sec> australia law enforcement officials seize 300 kilograms of cocaine from yacht .  four spanish nationals were arrested in connection with the cocaine seizure .  police also seized an additional $ 3 million in cash in searches related to the drug bus .
 hemingway family mental illness explored in new film <sec> mariel hemingway explores her family 's troubled history in `` running from crazy '' .  the documentary premiered at the sundance film festival .  hemingway is the granddaughter of author ernest hemingway .  in the last four years she feels she 's overcome depressio .
 where are america 's future tennis champions ? <sec> u.s. suffering from a lack of depth below stars such williams sisters and andy roddick .  roddick believes talent is being diluted because youngsters can choose so many sports .  famous talent scout nick bollettieri says players have to have the hunger to succeed .  patrick mcenroe has been charged by u.s. tennis to find more world class star .
 stan lee 's universe <sec> stan lee is ceo of pow ! .  entertainment . .  spider-man , iron man , thor , x-men , the hulk , the fantastic four are some of the characters he has helped create .  the female fan audience has grown over the past years , creating a market for more super-heroines . .  lee is exploring new markets . .  besides from creating a chinese hero , he is also working on the launch of a digital comic book hero for india .
 u.s. launches 'major operation ' in afghanistan <sec> one marine killed , others wounded ; taliban says 33 soldiers killed .  4,000 american troops , hundreds of afghans involved in operation khanjar .  it focuses on helmand river valley , hotbed of taliban violence .  operation 's size and scope are `` very significant , '' official say .
 'the giver ' : jeff bridges ' 18-year dream comes true <sec> with young adult movies being popular , the spotlight now belongs to `` the giver '' .  the 1993 novel was a controversial best-seller in its day .  jeff bridges , who was among its fans , saw it through to production across 18 year .
 police : motel standoff ends for man wanted in grandparents ' deaths <sec> new : the suspect has apparently self-inflicted cuts , a police chief says .  new : no other injuries are reported as authorities go into his room , he adds .  michael boysen 's grandparents picked him up from prison ; they were later found dead .  he later checked into a motel on the oregon coast , where a clerk noticed hi .
 iran 's rouhani , uk 's cameron have 'constructive ' talk <sec> new : iran president tweets on `` 1 hour of constructive & pragmatic dialogue '' .  new : he criticizes u.s.-led strikes in syria , yet opens door to `` a new atmosphere '' with u.s . .  new : cameron : despite `` severe disagreements , '' iranians could help defeat isis .  new : prime minister : if they can help , `` we should welcome their engagement .
 breaching whale crash-lands on sailboat <sec> southern right whale lands on sailing boat in `` freak accident '' .  south african couple both unhurt but vessel 's mast , rigging smashed .  whales have poor eyesight and did n't hear boat sailing without engine .  whale appeared unhurt , other than a `` scratch and a bump .
 america 's oldest city shines <sec> the town of st. augustine , florida , dates back to 1565 .  there 's a wealth of spanish architecture , a lighthouse and lovely atlantic beaches .  henry flagler added some gilded age opulence to the cit .
 israel starts installing barrier on its egyptian border <sec> construction begins on a barrier along israel 's southern border .  it will be part fence and part surveillance technology .  the barrier , announced in january , will take several years to complet .
 gsa finds more than $ 250,000 spent on one-day event <sec> general services administration under fire for previous spending revelations .  review says gsa spent thousands on 2010 awards ceremony .  source : bill includes $ 20,000 on drumsticks for interactive drumming experience .  agency 's new management says such spending is now banne .
 review : '42 ' is a rousing tribute <sec> `` 42 '' is a sports drama about how jackie robinson broke the color line .  critic says the writer-director lets it `` unfold in a plainspoken and deliberate fashion '' .  the film stars chadwick boseman and harrison for .
 was bo xilai 's trial in china truly transparent ? <sec> bo xilai trial proceedings posted on live courthouse micro-blog , attracting more than 590,000 followers .  china hailed micro-blog as `` historic transparency '' but flow of information was selective .  analysts : `` selective transparency '' was one-off gesture for high-profile show trial .  unintended effect is raised public expectations of a fair trial in china , analysts sa .
 castaway begins journey home from marshall islands , stops in hawaii <sec> a flight carrying jose salvador alvarenga arrives in hawaii .  new details from the day castaway appeared lend weight to his story .  a live bird was found tethered to his battered boat in the marshall islands .  he communicated his story to his rescuers using charades and drawing picture .
 u.s. asks canada to investigate air collision with faa , ntsb ties <sec> canada will investigate midair collision of two small planes .  one plane was owned by an faa employee and the other by an ntsb employee .  the pilot and passenger of the plane owned by ntsb employee were killed .  the pilot of the other plane is injure .
 bhopal victims urge uk government to drop dow as 2012 sponsor <sec> indian group protest to uk government over sponsorship deal for london 2012 games .  group angry dow chemical company signed 10-year olympic contract in 2010 .  protestors claim dow is involved in avoiding liability in bhopal tragedy of 1984 .  ioc says it sympathizes with demonstrators ' position but defends dow dea .
 hunger needs to be solved in my lifetime <sec> the government estimates 17 million u.s. children face hunger .  community food pantries need more donations to meet winter needs .  food relief programs are distributing more food this year than last year .  most americans do n't think the hunger problem will be solved in 20 year .
 liberia has shortage of body bags , supplies to fight ebola outbreak <sec> ebola has killed at least 4,493 people , mostly in guinea , liberia and sierra leone , who says .  liberia is short of supplies needed to fight the virus .  items lacking include protective suits , gloves and goggles .  the grim inventory highlights how ill-equipped the nation is to fight ebol .
 woman questioned over haitian orphans <sec> police suspected key document -- permission signed by haiti 's pm -- was fake .  women , u.s. officials deny it is fake ; cnn 's attempts to haitian pm unsuccessful .  case follows arrests of 10 u.s. missionaries .  missionaries charged with trying to take children out of haiti without legal authorizatio .
 are animals in cages a necessary evil ? <sec> there are more sumatran tigers in captivity than live in the wild .  keeping animals in sanctuaries can serve an important purpose , says jenni watts .  they help people learn about animals and inspire fundraising efforts .  without action all endangered species will have to live behind bar .
 cnn student news transcript - april 5 , 2013 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 suspected espn video voyeur granted bail <sec> bail granted for man accused of secretly taping espn reporter erin andrews .  authorities say andrews was filmed through peephole in hotel rooms .  videos were later posted on internet , according to fbi .  michael david barrett faces interstate stalking charg .
 beyonce : gender equality is a myth <sec> beyonce addresses gender inequality in an essay on maria shriver 's website .  the singer points out the gap in average income between men and women .  the topic is something she also touches on frequently in her music .  beyonce : we need to stop buying into the myth about gender equalit .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> russian railways has announced multi-billon dollar projects in the middle east .  mme meets up with vladimir yakunin , the russian railways president .  some 50,000 russians live in the emirates and mme explores this growing communit .
 2 croatians acquitted of balkan war crimes <sec> the case stems from the fighting in croatia 's krajina region .  ante gotovina commanded a military district ; mladen markac headed a police unit .  serbia 's president calls the action `` a political decision and not a legal ruling .
 wonder horse frankel extends winning run to 13 with juddmonte victory <sec> frankel extends his winning run to 13 with victory at york .  frankel wins juddmonte international in fine style .  wonder horse racing over 10 furlongs for the first time .  final race of career set for royal ascot in octobe .
 prosecutor rips at oscar pistorius ' version of events in murder trial <sec> `` i blame myself for taking reeva 's life , '' pistorius tells court .  athlete 's cross-examination resumes for fourth day .  the prosecution is trying to prove pistorius killed his girlfriend intentionally .  the double amputee insists that he mistook reeva steenkamp for an intrude .
 rebels overrun gadhafi regime 's symbolic heart <sec> the bab al-aziziya compound includes gadhafi 's home and government offices .  also inside are a building hit in a 1986 u.s. airstrike and gadhafi 's bedouin tent .  rebel fighters overran the site on tuesday after six months of fightin .
 wenger signs new deal with arsenal <sec> arsene wenger signs a new three-year deal with arsenal .  frenchman has been in charge of english premier league club since 1996 .  wenger is arsenal 's most successful manager of all time .  arsenal began their season with a 1-1 draw against liverpoo .
 indian space rocket explodes soon after launch <sec> an unmanned rocket carrying communications equipment exploded , media reports .  the rocket 's launch had been delayed due to an engine leak , according to cnn 's sister network .  there was no immediately indication as to what caused the launch 's failur .
 eye on russia : your views of a diverse , rapidly changing country <sec> eye on russia is part of a cnn series looking at contemporary russia .  cnn.com asked readers to share their photos , views of russi .
 kim kardashian , there 's another way ( opinion ) <sec> kim kardashian , who posed nude for paper magazine , received many mean comments .  sonia myles : it 's important not to judge others ; we have all made unwise decisions .  let 's encourage women to use their minds instead of their bodies in seeking success .  myles : two role models for women are sara blakely and elizabeth holme .
 connie neilsen proves she 's no hollywood eye candy <sec> connie nielsen made her name playing lucilla in ridley scott 's `` gladiator '' .  she has appeared in movies dealing with the wars in afghanistan and iraq .  nielsen speaks seven languages and is passionate about art and literatur .
 official : body found in charred remains of minneapolis building <sec> firefighters discover body while removing debris from an apartment fire , officials say .  the body has been turned over to hennepin county medical examiner 's office .  at least 14 people are injured in the fire that began wednesda .
 long island couple finds python ... in the couch cushions <sec> long island couple discovers snake in new apartment .  3-foot ball python beneath the couch cushions .  spca says it belonged to previous tenan .
 no . 1 azarenka suffers first loss of 2012 ; venus ' return ends <sec> victoria azarenka suffers her first loss of 2012 to marion bartoli at the miami masters .  world no . .  1 azarenka had started the year with a 26-match winning streak .  polish fifth seed agnieszka radwanska into the last four after beating venus williams .  two-time miami champion kim clijsters to be sidelined for a month with hip injur .
 trial gives sneak peek into apple 's inner workings <sec> apple-samsung patent trial brings out some secrets .  an e-mail reveals apple may be working on a 7-inch tablet .  the companies are suing each other over product design and patents .  development of the original iphone was co-named the `` purple project .
