 diprivan not approved for sleep disorders <sec> diprivan renders the patient unconscious for as long as doctors deem necessary .  fda has not approved it for treating sleep disorders .  the drug has the effect of making the patient feel well-rested upon waking up .  people with food or drug allergies should alert their doctor before taking i .
 cheney : no link between saddam hussein , 9/11 <sec> ex-vp backs bush administration invasion of iraq , says hussein supported terror .  he says it 's essential to understand `` policies that worked '' in protecting united states .  cheney says guantanamo bay detention center is needed amid war on terrorism .  he reiterates his call to declassify documents detailing interrogations of detainee .
 bayern continue domestic domination ; arsenal held <sec> bayern munich thrash wolfsburg 6-1 in the german cup semifinal .  jupp heynckes impressive side have already won the bundesliga title .  arsenal and everton draw 0-0 at the emirates in the english premier league .  gunners gain point in chase for champions league football next seaso .
 saudi diplomat in yemen freed by al qaeda <sec> saudi ministry says diplomat arrived in riyadh safely and is undergoing medical checkups .  gunmen kidnapped the diplomat , abdullah al khalidi , in aden , yemen , in 201 .
 nielsen adds web viewers to its tv ratings <sec> nielsen , which measures tv ratings , will begin tracking online-viewing habits .  a new software development kit will be released to clients in november .  while most people still watch tv on televisions , a growing number stream shows onlin .
 why the gop congress is a disgrace <sec> ben lujan : americans voted in a gop congress on promise of effective governance that prioritized middle class .  he says that was an illusion . .  on dhs funding , other issues , gop has prioritized catering to its extreme wing and special interest .
 can 3-d movies , television make you sick ? <sec> in 3-d movies , glasses help the brain fuse two images , creating the illusion of depth .  symptoms of nausea , headache and fatigue may result when eyes move unnaturally .  people with certain eye conditions can not see in 3- .
 giant six-legged robot crab to walk the ocean floor <sec> crabster cr200 is an underwater exploration vehicle .  it is being developed by korean institute of ocean science and technology .  it is set for its first expedition in may 201 .
 ailing mubarak wheeled into courtroom cage for trial <sec> new : arab media call it the trial of the century .  hosni mubarak is the first leader to face trial since the arab uprisings started this year .  other defendants , including his former interior minister , are also on trial .  mubarak faces charges of corruption and ordering the killing of protester .
 ba strike : advice for passengers <sec> british airlines confirms `` a number of cancellations '' for march 27-30 flights .  ba says passengers can cancel and claim a refund or rebook flights .  ba chief : contingency plan will hopefully allow 75 percent of customers to fly .  passengers stranded overseas will have their hotel accommodation covered by b .
 'bachelor in paradise ' premieres : how was it ? <sec> `` bachelor in paradise '' premiered monday .  past `` bachelor '' / '' bachelorette '' contestants to try to find love again .  the first episode received modest rating .
 virginia mystery : who was morgan harrington ? <sec> morgan harrington , a 20-year-old virginia tech student , disappeared in october 2009 .  her remains were found on a farm the following year .  authorities have linked her death to the disappearance of hannah graha .
 5 things to know about acetaminophen <sec> acetaminophen is a non-opioid analgesic and is used to treat mild or moderate pain .  it 's the active in ingredient in tylenol and many other over-the-counter medications .  the fda has set the recommended daily maximum for adults at 4,000 milligrams .  parents should carefully read drug labels to ensure they are giving the correct dose to kid .
 former royal , riverdance star among plane 's missing <sec> member of brazil 's former royal family among 216 passengers on missing plane .  one-time performer with riverdance troupe , british schoolboy also aboard .  air france flight disappeared over atlantic after taking off from brazil .  majority of the presumed dead came from brazil , france and german .
 paper : 20,000 killed in sri lanka conflict <sec> uk paper claims death toll in final months of sri lanka conflict more than 20,000 .  more than 1,000 civilians killed daily in april-may , times claims .  death toll estimates based on confidential u.n. documents , u.n. sources .  sri lankan government declared victory over tamil separatists may 1 .
 tablet reading is becoming the norm <sec> more than half of cell phone owners get some of their media on mobile devices .  comscore finds 47 % of all u.s. cell phone owners currently use apps .  14 % of u.s. cell phone subscribers also own a tablet , highest in any countr .
 code red ! app would warn you about angry messages <sec> a new app would warn users whether incoming messages are positive or negative .  `` stress @ work '' is an android app by a student at england 's university of portsmouth .  it uses color codes and works on facebook , twitter and for text messages .  it 's not yet available on the market but will be presented at a conference in septembe .
 obama plans executive order to close guantanamo bay <sec> new : obama to issue 3 orders thursday that break from bush administration .  new : order 2 will ban torture by requiring use of army field manual for interrogations .  new : 3rd order will mandate review of detention policies and procedures .  military judge grants obama 's request to stay cases for 120 day .
 haqqani network boosts infiltration , says official <sec> official : haqqani network has increased infiltration into afghanistan from pakistan .  haqqani fighters are blamed for killing more than 1,000 coalition and afghan forces .  allied commander wants to keep emphasis on the sout .
 democrat : controversial atf program shows need for tougher gun laws <sec> a democratic report says illegal weapons reach mexico too easily .  crackdown on `` straw '' purchases , illegal gun sales needed .  the atf operation allowed illegal weapons purchases .  some weapons ended up in the hands of mexican cartel .
 muggle moms await first adult j.k. rowling book <sec> `` the casual vacancy '' is `` harry potter '' author j.k. rowling 's first adult novel .  parents are considering whether they 'll allow their kids to read the racier book .  one parent and writer recommends reading the book alongside kids to guide them .  `` the casual vacancy '' is topping sales lists by pre-order before its thursday releas .
 five stories you missed during egypt uprising <sec> arizona firefighters continue to battle a blaze that killed 19 of their colleagues .  pakistan suffered numerous fatalities from militant attacks and a u.s. drone strike .  an earthquake in indonesia killed at least 30 people and damaged thousands of buildings .  north and south korea agreed to talks on reopening the kaesong industrial comple .
 suspect in yale killing appears in court , enters no plea <sec> new : yale employee raymond clark defers plea , attorney says .  new : deferring plea is common practice in similar cases , lawyer says .  clark and victim annie le were co-workers at university laboratory .  le 's body was found in wall of lab building on day she was to be marrie .
 air force jet crashes in california ; pilot killed <sec> new : test pilot david cooley , 49 , of palmdale , california , dies in crash .  f-22a fighter jet crashes 35 miles northeast of edwards afb around 10:30 a.m . .  the one-seater jet was on a test mission when it crashed .  at $ 150 million apiece , the f-22a is the most expensive air force fighte .
 al-jaafari wins controversial iraqi cleric 's support <sec> unofficial vote called by radical shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr .  he wanted his followers to designate a prime minister of their choosing .  ibrahim al-jaafari won 24 percent of the votes in last week 's balloting .  the results play no official role in deciding who governs ira .
 football team in ukraine war zone changes homes <sec> shakhtar donetsk will now play its home games in the western city of lviv .  ukraine 's top football club and the champions league regular moves its base to kiev .  the announcement comes after six players refused to return to shakhtar .  shakhtar won the ukrainian super cup on tuesday and starts league play sunda .
 john daly : 'wild thing ' lets rip round pebble beach <sec> american golfer john daly one off the lead after an opening round of 65 at pebble beach .  daly is known as `` wild thing '' and famous for his colorful attire on the course .  the 48-year-old has had well documented battles with alcohol and gambling .  daly has two major titles to his name - the british open and pga championshi .
 french police kill suspect , arrest 10 in counterterrorism operation <sec> new : slain suspect `` converted to radical islam , '' like others targeted , a prosecutor says .  new : 10 people nationwide are detained and accused of having terrorist ties , he adds .  new : authorities seize ammunition and a list of possible targets , a prosecutor says .  france 's president hails law enforcement officers for their actions in the cas .
 sony seeks to change the subject with launch of playstation vita <sec> device will have 5-inch touch screen , cameras , touch pads and a pair of mounted joysticks .  launch marks sony 's biggest advance in the handheld gaming space since sony psp in 2006 .  sony 's u.s. president called recent outage of playstation network `` elephant in the room .
 bin laden 's final days -- big plans , deep fears <sec> peter bergen : osama bin laden 's final writings show al qaeda felt under siege .  he says the al qaeda leader was still determined to strike at the u.s . .  bergen says bin laden urged assassination attempts against u.s. officials .  he says bin laden 's writings showed his final days were filled with paranoi .
 russia suspends new arms shipments to syria <sec> new : heavy gunfire erupts at syria-lebanon border , official lebanese news agency says .  no new weapons will be delivered `` until the situation stabilizes , '' says russian official .  russia has been the long-time principal supplier of arms to syria .  kofi annan says he will take `` an approach '' agreed to by al-assad to the oppositio .
 'pregnant man ' expecting a second child <sec> `` pregnant man '' who gave birth to a daughter is expecting a second child .  thomas beatie is a married man who used to be a woman .  he had a mastectomy but kept his female reproductive organ .
 passenger 's implant claim triggers flight diversion <sec> new : the woman was `` in the back of the plane being a weirdo , '' a passenger tells cnn .  new : passengers say the flight crew apologized for a false story about the diversion .  the woman claimed to have a device implanted in her , but never claimed to have a bomb .  she will likely undergo psychological tests , a federal source told cn .
 defense rests in 'american sniper ' trial <sec> eddie ray routh is on trial in the shooting deaths of chris kyle and chad littlefield .  kyle , a former navy seal , claimed to be the deadliest sniper in u.s. histor .
 nsa has 'cracked much online encryption ' <sec> this is the most important leak to date from edward snowden , an analyst says .  reports : nsa and gchq have cracked much of the encryption protecting online data .  the agencies have secret partnerships with technology companies , the reports say .  the encryption safeguards data including e-mails , banking systems and medical record .
 palin hits campaign trail for anti-abortion group <sec> sarah palin speaks at fundraiser for group supporting conservative women candidates .  palin attacks anti-abortion democrats for backing president obama 's health care plan .  palin 's appearance was part of a campaign swing that will take her to carolina .
 invasion of the flying robots <sec> vijay kumar demonstrated fleets of flying robots that could revolutionize industries .  kumar spoke at the ted2012 conference , `` full spectrum , '' in california .  talks highlighted the contrast between technological progress and social issues .  technology has improved health , lifespan , productivity , yet it poses challenges , speakers sai .
 baby 'messiah ' needs a new name , tennessee judge rules <sec> baby messiah 's parents could not agree on his last name , so they ended up in court .  the judge objected to his first name , saying it is `` a title that is held only by jesus christ '' .  the stunned mother has appealed the tennessee judge 's rulin .
 uk police release images of suspect in russian businessman 's shooting <sec> police reveal images of suspect in shooting of russian businessman .  german gorbuntsov was gunned down outside his home in east london on march 20 .  victim remains in hospital ; police say he is in a stable condition , out of coma .  motive for attack unclear , detectives say they are keeping `` an open mind .
 yemen : militants attack military , police installations , kill 26 <sec> security officials say they think the attacks are in retaliation for u.s. drone strikes .  car bombs and artillery are reported used in attacks .  the dead include 18 soldiers and eight police officer .
 opinion : is jeb bush right about campaign 'crack addicts ' ? <sec> john avlon : jeb bush called journalists `` crack addicts '' for obsessing about 2016 election .  midterms 18 months away , he says , this is time for governing , not campaigning .  avlon : media addicted to excitement of a horse race , but is so-so at covering governing .  avlon : drama enough in current events ; media should educate as it entertain .
 where in the world ... ? <sec> do you know where this photo was taken ? .  cnn will post a new photo each monday morning and reveal the answer later that day .  the photo might be related to a recent story -- or it could just be something unusual we foun .
 network wo n't show france killings video , it says <sec> new : al jazeera will not show or distribute the video it received , it says .  nicolas sarkozy asks tv stations to show respect for the victims .  al jazeera got 25 minutes of footage along with an unsigned note , it says .  mohammed merah visited israel and the west bank , the israeli government say .
 argentine soccer legend maradona reportedly fine after auto accident <sec> diego maradona was taken to a hospital , report says .  he is not thought to have sustained serious injurie .
 three carolina fire victims were high school buddies <sec> three fire victims were graduates of j.l . .  mann high school in greenville .  `` heartbroken '' house owner 's daughter among six survivors hospitalized .  one survivor jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escap .
 2 u.s. soldiers killed in philippines bomb blast <sec> christopher d. shaw , 37 , and jack m. martin iii , 26 , killed on island of jolo .  both awarded bronze star , purple heart , meritorious service medal posthumously .  tuesday 's bombing was second fatal attack on americans working with filipinos .  one filipino soldier was also killed , and two more were wounde .
 she gave him a kidney , he gave her his heart <sec> cnn invited readers to share their stories of true love .  ashley mcintyre volunteered to give her kidney to danny robinson , a man she had never met .  go to cnn.com/soulmatestories to see more and add your ow .
 south african teens get virtual mentoring from all over the world <sec> amy stokes ' nonprofit connects south african children with caring adults via computer .  stokes started the program after witnessing how hiv/aids left many children without parents .  nearly 300 teens have taken part in the program .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2011 cnn heroe .
 suspect in prisons chief 's death was freed four years early <sec> a court apologizes for the mistake , says a review of practices is under way .  evan ebel is suspected of killing colorado prisons chief tom clements .  while serving an eight-year sentence , ebel assaulted a prison guar .
 defiant armstrong posts pic of tour champion jerseys <sec> lance armstrong posts picture of his seven yellow jerseys from tour de france victories .  he has been stripped of the 1999-2005 titles after refusing to answer drug charges .  american was accused of systematic doping but has never admitted any wrongdoing .  the twitter picture has provoked a mixture of criticism and support for the 41-year-ol .
 british blue blood top 'hottest royal ' list <sec> prince william tops list of 'hottest royal ' list compiled by forbes magazine .  british young royals came in top four spot of the list .  forbes : list based on combinations of looks , money , popularity on the we .
 opinion : virtual assistants are the future <sec> microsoft added the voice of cortana to its windows phone 8.1 .  brant ward : the age of the virtual assistant is here to stay .  today 's artificial intelligence systems are just scratching the surface , he says .  ward : future virtual assistants will offer more capabilities and persona .
 futurist : we 'll someday accept computers as human <sec> ray kurzweil , the acclaimed inventor and futurist , believes that humans and technology are merging .  kurzweil on portentous sci-fi fears about computers : `` i do n't see it as them vs. us '' .  he spoke to a crowd of more than 3,000 at the south by southwest interactive conferenc .
 janelle monae : fugitive android , time-traveling songstress <sec> janelle monae popping up on commercial , on tour , on tv .  singer has alter ego : cindi mayweather , futuristic android on the run .  observers praise talent : `` i believe she 's going to be a household name , '' says d .
 hernandez winner lifts manchester united seven points clear in epl <sec> manchester united beat newcastle 4-3 in a boxing day thriller .  javier hernandez scores in the last minute for united .  they increase lead to seven points over manchester city who lost at sunderland .  chelsea take closer order with 1-0 win at norwic .
 unions , democrats seek momentum from 'occupy wall street ' movement <sec> union leaders and others hold a capitol hill rally against budget cuts .  liberal political activists are trying to capitalize on the `` occupy wall street '' movement .  one congressional democrat insists they are not trying to create a liberal tea part .
 nasa 's strike on moon worked , mission official says <sec> new : rocket impact generated enough data to study , nasa says .  nasa crashes rocket and a satellite into the moon 's surface .  mission 's goal is to scan for water in dust kicked up by crash .  the probe will relay data back to earth about water vapor in moon dus .
 a lifeline for families hit by heart disease <sec> michelle javian 's father spent years in and out of a new york city hospital after a heart attack .  she met families from out of town who sacrificed to get their loved ones world-class care .  javian co-founded harboring hearts to aid costs of transport , lodging , food and childcare .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2014 cnn heroe .
 fda : 'female viagra ' results 'not compelling ' <sec> flibanserin anticipated as 'female viagra ' .  fda review says results `` not compelling '' .  fda committee votes friday on flibanserin .  some estimates say nearly 40 percent of american women have low sexual desir .
 ave kludze : ghana 's rocket man <sec> american-ghanaian engineer is one of nasa 's top strategists .  grew up in accra before studying in u.s. ; joined nasa in 1995 .  has remotely piloted space craft ; believes other africans can follow in his footstep .
 israel retaliates after rocket launches from gaza <sec> two rockets are fired from gaza into israel , hamas security sources say .  one strikes an abandoned building , the israel defense forces reports .  israeli warplanes target a `` terror activity site '' in response .  there are no related injuries , local medical sources sa .
 massive tar mat dug up off louisiana coast , 3 years after gulf spill <sec> the slab of weathered crude and sand was more than 160 feet long .  most of its 40,000-plus pounds was sand and water , a coast guard official says .  louisiana is the last state where deepwater horizon cleanup continue .
 will isis try australian-style plot in u.s. ? ( opinion ) <sec> authorities uncover suspected isis plot to behead someone in australia to shock the public .  frida ghitis : isis works diligently to taunt the u.s. and its allies .  she says isis wants to turn the conflict into war between islam and the west .  ghitis : the u.s. and west must be strategic and smart in dealing with the brutal isi .
 victorious vettel makes history <sec> sebastian vettel makes history by becoming youngest ever triple f1 champion .  vettel claims sixth place finish to deny fernando alonso .  fernando alonso finishes second and loses out by three points .  mclaren 's jenson button wins grand prix at interlago .
