 7 fortune 500 ceos reveal their secrets to success <sec> this week on leading women , we talk to deanna mulligan , ceo of insurance giant guardian life insurance company of america .  at the helm of a fortune 500 company , she tells cnn about her successes .  take a look at words of wisdom from other female ceos including ursula burns and marissa maye .
 calderon says juarez violence is down , residents remain unconvinced <sec> calderon says violence is down 60 % , comparing statistics from october and april .  a criminologist says that comparison paints an inaccurate picture .  he notes that juarez residents also face kidnapping , extortion and assaults .  residents say they are skeptical of calderon 's assessmen .
 substitutes seal victory for revitalized france <sec> france beat romania 2-0 in their euro 2012 qualifier at stade de france .  substitutes loic remy and yoann gourcuff score late goals to seal win .  france go top of group d after starting campaign with loss to belarus .  croatia go to the top of group f after a 2-1 victory in israe .
 turkey 's challenge : find compromise before violence expands <sec> new : cbc reports two of its journalists have been released .  `` such issues can be settled through dialogue , '' turkey 's president says .  ruling party official floats referendum on park 's future .  pro-erdogan rallies are scheduled in four countries , a news agency report .
 jay z 's 'made in america ' festival coming to la , and philadelphia <sec> jay z 's two-day festival will is headed to los angeles .  it will occur simultaneously in philadelphia .  rumors swirled he would announce a tour with beyonc .
 isis states its justification for enslavement of women <sec> in an online magazine , the terror group says it is legitimate under islamic law .  the muslim world at large repudiates that interpretation as a perversion of isla .
 london 's wembley stadium to host euro 2020 final <sec> the host cities for the euro 2020 tournament announced in geneva .  london 's wembley stadium will host the final and semifinals .  13 cities across the continent will stage matches .  the tournament is being played across europe to celebrate its 60th anniversar .
 opinion : how to save your life in a plane crash <sec> william mcgee : seeing survival as a `` miracle '' lulls fliers into ignoring safety procedures .  mcgee : stay alert during takeoff , landing and severe turbulence .  mcgee : listening , staying buckled , knowing where exits are can save your life .  he says do n't even think about retrieving luggage while evacuatin .
 'i 'm innocent , ' says second man charged in holly bobo 's disappearance <sec> suspect jason wayne autry is already in prison for an unrelated assault conviction .  `` your honor , i want to say one thing -- i 'm innocent of these charges , '' he says .  autry is a longtime friend of suspect zachary adams , who was indicted last mont .
 is this what a model should look like ? <sec> traditional stereotype of model is tall , skinny and aesthetically attractive .  south african refilwe modiselle is making waves as the continent 's first albino model .  scouted at 13 , the 28-year-old wants to change perceptions of beauty and albinis .
 tiger wishes ex-wife 'the best in everything ' after divorce <sec> woods : `` i 've made a lot of errors in my life '' .  the divorce follows november accident , infidelity revelations .  woods says proceedings were `` a lot more difficult than i was letting on .
 peterson takes khan 's belts on controversial split decision <sec> lamont peterson becomes the new world light-welterweight champion in washington .  local favorite peterson defeats british champion amir khan on a split points decision .  it proves a controversial decision , after khan was deducted two points for pushin .
 cyclone death toll hits 1,700 <sec> more than 1,700 people dead , toll expected to rise , official says .  15,000 people are injured following thursday 's tropical cyclone sidr .  u.n. world food programme has food for 400,000 people for three days .  power outages , massive traffic jams and poor phone service in dhak .
 'interstellar ' sound issues are deliberate , says nolan <sec> some viewers have been complaining about `` interstellar 's '' sound .  sometimes murky mix was deliberate , says director christopher nolan .  the idea was to emphasize experience on screen , he sai .
 chicago/atlanta airport rivalry heats up <sec> chicago declares o'hare international airport `` world 's busiest airport '' .  faa stats show o'hare tops atlanta hartsfield-jackson as no . .  1 in takeoffs and landings .  does that make o'hare the `` world 's busiest airport ? '' .  depends on whom you ask .  atlanta hartsfield-jackson handles more yearly passengers than any other airport , worldwid .
 opinion : extreme austerity breeds extreme politics <sec> for many greeks , police action is associated with the suppression of civil liberties , says roman gerodimos .  extreme austerity does offers the perfect cover for the further breeding of extremism , he says .  tv feeds from inside and outside parliament 'bore a chilling resemblance to the last days of germany 's weimar republic in the 1930s ' .  gerodimos : the political system in greece is changing and the repercussions may well be felt across europe and the worl .
 best-dressed celebrities at the emmy awards <sec> instyle picks the best dressed from the red carpet at the primetime emmys .  nominee debra messing chose a ruby-hued column gown by michael kors .  surprising addition to best dressed was reality-tv star kim kardashia .
 reporter first on pope story , thanks to her latin skills <sec> italian news agency reporter giovanna chirri broke the pope resignation story .  her knowledge of latin gave her the edge to get the scoop .  the news had her `` knees feeling weak .
 mary willingham to get $ 335k in settlement from unc <sec> mary willingham accused unc of holding fake classes that helped athletes stay in school .  the university denied the charge for years , but independent investigation confirmed i .
 even by juarez standards , a deadly 72 hours <sec> new : rash of killings is also reported in acapulco .  ciudad juarez is one of the deadliest cities in mexico .  authorities say 53 people were killed between thursday and saturday .  this includes four police officers from three different agencie .
 in gaza , waiting for economics of peace <sec> gaza , a palestinian territory , is controlled by hamas .  the west bank , another palestinian territory , is controlled by the fatah movement .  ramallah in the west bank is hardly boomtown , but it is a galaxy apart from gaza .  president obama paid tribute thursday to the west bank 's stronger econom .
 tepco president apologizes again after nuclear crisis upgraded <sec> new : tokyo electric 's president says he is creating a plan for short-term payments for victims .  japan 's prime minister vows to end the crisis `` at all costs '' .  the level 7 designation puts fukushima daiichi on par with chernobyl .  the effort has been complicated by recent aftershock .
 meth ring used comic books to launder cash , authorities say <sec> colorado authorities say ring distributed pounds of meth each week .  drug was believed to have been manufactured in mexico .  collectible comic books were used to launder money , officials say .  authorities seize comic books with value of half a million dollar .
 utah 's national parks will reopen despite ongoing government shutdown <sec> officials will open eight locations by saturday .  utah 's governor announced the deal on thursday .  `` utah 's national parks are the backbone of many rural economies , '' governor gary herbert say .
 a glimpse of life on the reservation <sec> german photographer felix von der osten spent time at an indian reservation in montana .  he set out to show the `` beauty and richness of the culture '' and arouse curiosity in viewer .
 australian open : roger federer excels to defeat andy murray <sec> roger federer beats andy murray to reach the semifinals of the australian open .  the sixth seed appears in the last four for the 11th year in a row .  17-time grand slam winner federer advances to a meeting with top seed rafael nadal .  world no . .  1 nadal defeats grigor dimitrov in his quarterfina .
 watchdog criticizes 'puerile ' ryanair on fees <sec> uk business regulator says ryanair playing a `` funny game '' over booking fees .  office of fair trading head john fingleton says airline is `` almost taunting '' customers .  ryanair says it is being unfairly singled out for `` inaccurate '' criticis .
 prison fire kills 81 in chile <sec> new : overcrowded conditions at prison were `` inhuman , '' president says .  new : san miguel prison was housing nearly double its capacity .  new : fourteen prisoners are critically injured ; a firefighter and three policemen are also hurt .  new : senator says security at the prison was lackin .
 uk tabloid prints naked prince harry pictures <sec> new : st. james ' palace : `` we have made our views on prince harry 's privacy known '' .  the sun is the first mainstream uk newspaper to publish the photographs .  it says there is `` a clear public interest '' argument for their publication .  prince harry was in a hotel suite in las vegas when the naked snaps were take .
 dhs employee put on leave after wearing 'offensive ' costume <sec> homeland security secretary michael chertoff directs employee to take leave .  man in prison outfit , dreadlocks and darkened skin make-up came to party .  party host was julie myers , head of immigration and customs enforcement .  she and other judges at first gave man praise for costume 's `` originality .
 wii u , 'halo 4 ' boost anticipation for e3 <sec> the annual electronic entertainment expo kicks off monday in los angeles .  nintendo will demonstrate its forthcoming wii u gaming system .  on the software front for the xbox 360 , `` halo 4 '' will be showcased in a four-hour even .
 eu green light for ba-iberian merger <sec> european commission competition officials clear british airways , iberian merger .  airlines ' tie-up with american airlines also gets green light .  airlines to offer transatlantic slot pairs to competitors as concessions .  ba ceo walsh hails eu approval as an `` important , vital step forward .
 kidnapped american missionary freed in nigeria <sec> american missionary phyllis sortor was kidnapped by masked gunmen in central nigeria on february 23 .  sortor , who was affiliated with the free methodist church , has been released , an official said frida .
 'skinny jeans ' class aims to aid your zip <sec> skinny jeans workout tones core muscles so gym-goers can zip their skinny jeans .  balance , posture also addressed , as are flexibility and strength to hold back straight .  expert : like any exercise program , it 's important to start slowly , not get injure .
 hollywood 's highest paid women : who tops the list ? <sec> angelina jolie tops annual forbes list despite a three-year hiatus from the big screen .  franchise roles prove to be the biggest box office successes .  compared with other entertainment industries , hollywood pay is significantly les .
 italian scientists resign over l'aquila quake verdicts <sec> italian scientists quit government posts over l'aquila convictions .  seismologists say the decision sets a dangerous precedent .  the 2009 earthquake killed more than 300 people in l'aquila .  prosecutors argued scientists gave residents `` incomplete and contradictory '' informatio .
 the death of horse-trading on the hill - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the art of compromise is being lost on capitol hill .  the extreme wings of both parties are emboldened .  many legislators are unfamiliar with traditional negotiation .
 let women into augusta golf club <sec> martha burk : augusta national golf club , site of the masters , does n't admit women .  but this year the ceo of ibm , a major sponsor whose ceos are given membership , is a woman .  she says this puts ibm in a bind : should it ditch sponsorship if ceo not admitted ? .  she says yes .  burk : it 's ibm 's directors ' responsibility to insist their ceo be treated like `` one of the boys .
 pakistan prime minister in india for cricket diplomacy <sec> several times in the past cricket has been used to ease tensions between the two nations .  the relationship between the two nation was frayed by the 2008 terror attack in mumbai .  more than 160 people were killed in the siege of mumbai which is blamed on pakistani militant .
 more voices needed in climate debate <sec> climate negotiations end in doha , qatar without a major agreement .  the talks achieved the basic goal of extending the kyoto protocol .  wri 's jennifer morgan says progress on climate change is still too slow .  morgan : world needs t o 'get on a path to a strong , fair and ambitious climate agreement .
 police : 2 kids found dead in manhattan apartment , next to stabbed nanny <sec> new : the father is a cnbc executive , officials familiar with the investigation say . .  the nanny was next to the kids with what appeared to be self-inflicted stab wounds , police say .  she 's in critical but stable condition , the city 's police commissioner says .  the slain children were 1 and 6 years ol .
 museum gives close-up view of henry viii 's mary rose warship <sec> the mary rose , flagship of henry viii , was raised from the seabed in 1982 .  visitors will now be able to see the ship and thousands of objects found with her .  the warship sank in 1545 while leading an attack on a french invasion fleet .  the 500-year-old wreck is still undergoing conservation wor .
 celebrating easter at the world 's top hotels for chocoholics <sec> more than 200 pounds of chocolate are consumed at café fleuri 's buffet chocolate bar each saturday .  chocolate is featured in every dinner course and breakfast for three way house hotel 's chocolate indulgence package .  the hotel hershey of hersheypark hosts an annual easter egg hunt said to be `` legendary .
 rights groups criticize british queen 's guest list for jubilee monarchs ' lunch <sec> new : the kings of bahrain and swaziland are among the royals to attend the jubilee lunch .  new : queen elizabeth ii greets each monarch on their arrival at windsor castle .  campaigners say monarchs from countries with poor human rights records should not be invited .  foreign office says uk 's relationship with bahrain means it can push for more reform .
 arms dealer allegedly conspires to sell military parts to iran <sec> a man dubbed `` the field marshal '' allegedly tried to get f-5 engine parts for iran .  f-5 built by northrop ; used by u.s. military for training ; used overseas for combat .  immigration and customs enforcement launched investigation .  arrest part efforts to stop improper export of sensitive military equipmen .
 day of violence leaves at least 47 dead in pakistan <sec> new : the death toll from a bombing in a shiite suburb of quetta rises to 30 .  a sunni extremist group reportedly claims responsibility .  an attack on a paramilitary convoy in the northwest of the country kills 17 people .  the violence highlights the challenges faced by pakistan 's new governmen .
 al qaeda video calls on muslims to support militants <sec> al qaeda 's second-in-command calls pakistanis to back islamic militants in video .  the pakistani military is fighting taliban militants in the country 's north .  video , in which ayman al-zawahiri speaks , appeared on radical islamist web site .
 brazil cruise into quarterfinal meeting with the netherlands <sec> brazil beat chile 3-0 in johannesburg to reach world cup quarterfinals .  juan , luis fabiano and robinho all score for the five-time winners at ellis park .  brazil will meet the netherlands in port elizabeth , south africa , on friday , july 2 .  escalettes resigns as president of french football federation after poor world cup campaig .
 pakistan 's female fighter pilots break down barriers <sec> ambreen gul is one of seven women trained to fly f-7 supersonic fighter jet .  to become a pakistani fighter pilot takes three years of training .  some female pilots wear hijabs , others go without the muslim headdres .
 review : 'the artist ' is stunningly beautiful <sec> `` the artist '' is a film everyone should see because it 's joyous .  the story is relatively simple and takes plot elements from `` singing in the rain '' .  the film is peppered with sight gags in the best of classic hollywood traditio .
 after texas boy 's death , russian official continues call for ban on adoptions <sec> russian child advocate speaks at news conference .  astakhov 's statement echoes others who have blasted the u.s. recently .  the advocate also asked for the boy 's brother to be returne .
 africa marks 10th anniversary of u.s. embassy bombings <sec> kenya , tanzania mark 10th anniversary of al qaeda bombing u.s. embassies .  more than 200 people killed in attacks in nairobi and dar es salaam .  many victims say that the u.s. government still owes them compensation .  last weekend kenyan police said key suspect in bombings evaded arres .
 actress lynn redgrave dies at 67 <sec> actress had fought breast cancer for seven years .  she was nominated for academy award in 1966 and 1998 .  `` she lived , loved and worked harder than ever before , '' family say .
 when candidates said 'no ' to debates <sec> bob greene : after nixon vs. kennedy in 1960 , there were no presidential debates until 1976 .  he says nixon 's sweaty showing in '60 helped put candidates off tv debates .  in subsequent campaigns , neither lbj nor nixon debated their rivals .  greene : now debates are nearly mandatory , much as candidates might like to avoid the .
 murder trial of anti-abortion activist now up to jury <sec> scott roeder accused of killing dr. george tiller at church in may 2009 .  tiller ran a women 's clinic where he performed abortions in wichita , kansas .  roeder testified he thought of various ways to kill tiller .  defense attorney told jurors roeder believed he had to act .
 man says he was kidnapped to give up shaq sex tape <sec> seven alleged gang members are charged with kidnapping and robbing robert ross .  ross testified the kidnappers demanded a shaquille o'neal sex tape he had .  prosecutors say they ca n't confirm the sex tape actually exist .
 man united 's fletcher to take break from soccer due to illness <sec> manchester united midfielder darren fletcher takes an extended break from football .  fletcher is suffering from ulcerative colitis , a chronic inflammatory bowel condition .  medical advice prompted fletcher to spend a prolonged period away from gam .
 hand camp gives kids a chance to play -- away from stares <sec> many of the campers are patients of the camp 's co-founder , dr. paul dell .  parent sessions are held to give advice to families , especially about teasing .  the camp is free and will hopefully stay free , co-founder ruthie dell say .
 aaron hernandez case : who 's who ? <sec> aaron hernandez expected to go on trial in 2015 .  he has pleaded not guilty to three first-degree murder charges .  some of his closest associates are also facing charge .
 somali civilians flee fighting , crowd squalid camps <sec> fighting in somalia uproots 34,000 civilians in a week , report says .  civilians have choice : face bloody battles or be forced into squalid camps .  more than 100 have died in most recent fighting .  violence stems from an interpretation of sharia , or islamic la .
 dershowitz files court challenge to sex allegation <sec> new : alan dershowitz indicates he will give deposition for defamation suit against him .  he asks a federal court to `` strike '' sex-related allegations against him .  a court filing says dershowitz had sex with minors via jeffrey epstein ; he denies i .
 jason priestley : i regret leaving '90210 ' <sec> jason priestley told cnn he let aaron spelling down when he left `` beverly hills , 90210 '' .  he also regrets his departure because `` there were no more walshes in the walsh house '' .  he directed the candle-lit episode where donna loses her virginity .  his new book also talks rooming with brad pitt , a near-fatal car crash and fatherhoo .
 obama sets executive pay limits <sec> new : pay for executives at companies that take bailout money capped at $ 500,000 .  new : obama pledges further rules on compensation .  compensation over $ 500,000 will have to be in stocks with sales limit .  the plan will affect companies getting `` exceptional assistance , '' like citigrou .
 gop senators spike windfall profits tax on big oil <sec> measure fails to get 60 votes needed to proceed .  bill would have added 25 percent supplemental tax on windfall profits .  democrats say legislation shows they are willing to take on big oil .  minority leader calls the bill `` a gimmick '' and `` political charade .
