 a runner 's heart : 12 seconds and the blast that changed everything <sec> for many runners , the bombings in boston have left a unique wound .  the peace of the road was shattered in 12 seconds of horror .  `` the point of terrorism is to terrify ... to make us run ... away . .
 3 indicted on two separate hate crimes cases <sec> two men accused of attacking a man at the stonewall inn in manhattan on october 3 .  in a separate case , a man has been indicted in an attack eight days later at another gay bar .  such attacks `` threaten entire communities in new york city , '' manhattan da say .
 morning anchor conquers anxiety , reaches new 'heights ' <sec> hln 's robin meade 's new book describes how she overcame anxiety attacks .  her book is called `` morning sunshine ! .  how to radiate confidence and feel it too '' .  meade talked to cnn 's virginia cha about self-confidence , skydiving with president .  watch `` morning express '' weekdays on hln from 6-10 a.m. e .
 obama , south korean leader tout trade deal in michigan <sec> new : obama and lee visit a general motors assembly plant outside of detroit .  new : obama proclaims the 2009 auto industry bailout a success .  their visit comes on the heels of a new trade agreement .  the two leaders also have a common concern : north kore .
 8 dead , 14 hurt in tennessee interstate wreck <sec> eight fatalities are reported ; 14 are injured .  bus carried senior adult church members .  bus was heading from gatlinburg , tennessee , to north carolina .  it apparently crossed median and struck a semi and a ca .
 opinion : syria conflict is tragic , but u.s. ca n't fix it <sec> aaron miller : even if geneva talks fail , u.s. should n't intervene in syria conflict .  syria is a tragedy but obama has followed the right course , miller says .  he says president has rightly concluded that u.s. ca n't resolve the conflict .  miller : preventing a war over iran 's nuclear program is a higher priority for u.s .
 federer beats djokovic to win back swiss indoors title <sec> roger federer wins swiss indoors title with 6-4 3-6 6-1 win over novak djokovic .  federer lost to djokovic in last year 's final in basle .  david ferrer claims valencia open title by beating fellow spaniard marcel granoller .
 mlb commissioner selig retiring in january 2015 <sec> bud selig was owner of the milwaukee brewers when he became interim commissioner .  he took on the job full time six years later .  he presided during many changes to the game and during the steroid er .
 aides : byrd to lie in repose in senate chamber <sec> byrd to lie in repose in senate chamber thursday .  new : byrd will also lie in repose in west virginia capitol .  longest-serving member of congress died monday at 92 .  west virginia governor orders flags flown at half-staf .
 suicide attacks kill at least 16 , wound dozens in iraq <sec> new : three of the dead were shiite pilgrims headed to the holy city of karbala .  a suicide bomber drove an explosives-packed vehicle into a security agency headquarters .  another detonated near a convoy carrying a provincial official and escorting pilgrims .  the attacks came a day after 65 people were killed in salaheddin provinc .
 husband : pregnant , brain-dead wife would n't want to be on life support <sec> new : tarrant county judge will hear the case , but no date has been set for hearing .  marlise munoz was 14 weeks ' pregnant when stricken ; hospital has said it must follow state law .  analyst : courts can `` provide clarity '' on a `` vague '' state statute .  family : munoz is brain-dead with no life to sustain ; calls treatment `` cruel and obscene mutilation .
 104 retired military brass against 'do n't ask-do n't tell ' <sec> 104 retired general and admirals want the government to repeal the policy .  `` do n't ask-do n't tell '' made law in 1993 .  policy is result of opposition to lifting complete ban on gay service members .  palm center at the university of california , announced statement monda .
 'doctor who ' turns 50 and fans ' lives will never be the same <sec> tv series 'doctor who ' has been thrilling audiences since november 23 , 1963 .  fans , or 'whovians ' enjoy discussing every aspect of the show and dressing up like their favorite of the 11 doctors .  'doctor who ' has led to some finding friendships , building relationships and even incorporating it into educatio .
 chaos prevails as protesters , police clash in iranian capital <sec> new : wounded protesters seek treatment at embassies , rights group says .  new : iran 's system `` going to the slaughterhouse , '' moussavi 's facebook page says .  hospitals say 19 killed ; unconfirmed reports put toll as high as 150 .  police use water cannon and batons on crowds of demonstrator .
 dear new york , what 's up with the niceness ? <sec> no slayings , stabbings , shootings or knifings reported in new york city on monday .  nypd officer gives boots to homeless man , becomes internet sensation .  ireporters tell us about the giving spirit surrounding sandy recovery .  what do you think ? .  share your thoughts in the comments below or post a video on cnn irepor .
 member of white supremacist group pleads guilty in florida <sec> christopher brooks pleaded guilty to one count of possession of a firearm .  he will serve three years in prison .  brooks was one of 14 people charged in the case of american fron .
 27 hurt in ukraine blasts ; terror probe starts <sec> new : the incident raises concerns in advance of the european soccer championships .  four blasts are reported in dnepropetrovsk in eastern ukraine .  ukraine opens a terror case into the blast .
 boy pulled from disney resort pool dies <sec> the 13-year-old was found in about 4 feet of water .  lifeguards were not on duty at the time .  the pop century resort is in lake buena vista , near orland .
 kenji goto : from japanese journalist to isis captive <sec> kenji goto 's mother says she does n't want her tears to spawn a `` chain of hatred '' .  journalist crossed into isis-controlled syria to cover what 's happening there .  isis captured him , and a purported video from the group threatened his lif .
 dartmouth cancels classes after student protest , online threats <sec> dartmouth holds discussions , 'teach-ins ' after protesting students are threatened online .  protesters chanted about campus problems at show for prospective students .  law enforcement is not seeking protesters , posters , college spokesman say .
 'that 's how a lot of these shootings happen ... over nothing ' <sec> former chicago high school teacher says guns were abundant in his school .  all students in one class claimed to have access to handguns , he says .  gangs and illegal guns held communities hostage , writer says .  `` if we want to stop violence , we need to make real changes , '' one man say .
 fda issues warning against magic power coffee <sec> fda says consumers should n't use magic power coffee .  the instant coffee is marketed as a sexual enhancer .  agency says it contains chemical that lead to dangerously low blood pressure .  company 's website includes disclaimer to check with doctor before using produc .
 vicks nasal spray recalled over bacteria <sec> vicks spray recalled after small amount of product found to contain bacteria .  bacteria poses little risk to healthy people , proctor and gamble says .  no reports of illness from the bacteria , it say .
 scotland independence plan shows 'position of strength ' -- salmond <sec> scots are due to vote in a referendum for independence on september 18 , 2014 .  it could see scotland leave the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland .  the scottish government released a `` blueprint '' for an independent scotland tuesday .  the paper says scotland would stay within the eu and retain the pound sterling an .
 new york investigation : firefighters find bible in the ashes of harlem <sec> fire commissioner : investigators expect to reach the piping and gas meters sunday .  firefighters pull a bible from the ashes of the blast site , where eight were killed wednesday .  pastor of destroyed church is overcome when presented with intact bibl .
 internet , phone services back online for much of syria <sec> new : at least 165 people killed across syria on saturday , says an opposition group .  state-run tv blames internet outage on a malfunction in the main grid .  rebels say they control a swath north of damascus international airport .  syrian state tv denies success claims by rebel .
 cnn.com debuts 'tech check ' podcast <sec> cnn 's tech check podcast debuts .  weekly podcast offers roundtable discussion of the top technology stories .  podcast is posted fridays on cnn.com/tech and available free on itune .
 global pirate attacks on the increase <sec> somali pirates accounted for 54 percent of all attacks this year .  most of them took place off east coast of somalia and in gulf of aden .  somali pirates are still holding four ships for ransom .  other trouble spots were waters off nigeria , malaysia and banglades .
 mars rover : is all this really necessary ? <sec> mars robot curiosity `` just another box with wheels , '' says commenter .  expert : manned mars missions and martian robots both important .  nasa will partner with private industry for manned missions , says consultant .  obama , nasa predict manned mars landing as soon as 18 year .
 somali refugee conditions 'appalling ' <sec> somali refugees living in unsanitary conditions at home and in neighboring countries .  clashes between government forces and islamic militant group has killed hundreds .  somalia also suffering from worst drought in ten years , according to oxfam .  the bokolmayo camp in ethiopia is home to about 10,000 refugee .
 croatian voters back bid to join european union <sec> a majority of croatians vote in support of the nation 's entry into the european union .  croatian leaders signed an accession treaty in december to join the eu .  croatia would become the alliance 's 28th member stat .
 9 tips for buying a foreclosed home <sec> consumers looking to get a bargain on a foreclosed home need to be careful .  buyers should inspect the house and the neighborhood before buying .  budget carefully for unexpected repairs .  hud homes are carefully priced and include property condition repor .
 inouye : man of courage , humanity , dignity <sec> michael zuckerman , david gergen : sen. dan inouye was a hero from another generation .  they say senator was a man of courage , service , who had a lesson in humanity on battlefield .  they say he stood up against the war in iraq , had personal understanding of human toll .  writers : he treated colleagues with dignity , was able to forge consensus in subcommittee .
 israel buries victims of mumbai terror attacks <sec> thousands attend funerals in israel of two people killed in mumbai attacks .  three former israeli prime ministers attend tuesday 's funeral .  rabbi and wife killed ; family 's nanny helped couple 's 2-year-old son to escap .
 florida couple claims steroids sold to pro athletes , sheriff says <sec> couple arrested in central florida on anabolic steroid possession charges .  claim they sold steroids to professional athletes in district of columbia , sheriff says .  richard thomas says he sold steroids to pro baseball , hockey players , sheriff say .
 mourinho 's chelsea mark his epl return with comfortable win <sec> chelsea give jose mourinho winning return to english premier league .  oscar and lampard goals in the second half as hull beaten 2-0 .  mourinho returning to chelsea after managing inter milan and real madrid .  roberto soldado scores on epl defeat as spurs beat crystal palace 1- .
 75 additional bodies recovered from air france crash after 2 years <sec> the remains have not been identified , a french relative says .  the recovery more than doubles the number of bodies found since the 2009 crash .  air france 447 plunged into the ocean , killing 228 peopl .
 alexander graham bell goes digital <sec> bell was working on improving the phonograph .  his early recordings are at the smithsonian 's national museum of american history .  `` to be or not to be , that is the question '' a voice on one recording is heard sayin .
 sen. tom coburn to retire <sec> coburn will step down at the end of the current congressional session .  the oklahoma republican has been battling cancer .  he says he looks forward to finishing this year stron .
 traveling in style <sec> cnn goes to hollywood to get to grips with traveling in style .  top hollywood stylist shares tips on how to co-ordinate a wardrobe on the road .  two business travelers road test some stylish luggage on a trip to malt .
 fritzl jailed for life in dungeon incest case <sec> josef fritzl jailed for life after he was convicted of all charges including murder .  austrian kept daughter in cellar for decades , fathered her 7 children .  eight-member jury returned unanimous verdict on all six counts .  fritzl will serve sentence at detention facility for mentally abnormal offender .
 royal pardon for saudi journalist sentenced to lashes <sec> saudi king overturns journalist 's sentence of 60 lashes , two-year travel ban .  female journalist worked on controversial tv show on sexual taboos .  saudi man was sentenced to five years in jail , 1,000 lashes for his role in show .  human rights watch.calls on king abdullah to overturn that sentence to .
 report : ahmadinejad says he wants public talks with obama <sec> iran will pursue `` new round of diplomatic activity , '' iranian president reportedly says .  ahmadinejad criticizes foreign powers for `` meddling '' in iran 's affairs .  obama administration has sought dialogue with iran while increasing criticis .
 why 'lone wolf ' threat looms <sec> australia is not immune to the upheavals in the middle east , writes cnn 's tim lister .  asio : around 100 australians support jihadist groups .  the jihadist pipeline from australia to the region has become more sophisticated .  australia has also contributed military support to the anti-isis coalitio .
 police praise pregnant woman in craigslist attack <sec> officers responding to 911 call found michelle wilkins covered in blood .  wilkins was stabbed and had fetus torn out after she answered a craigslist a .
 murdered soldier 's parents : repeal 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' <sec> pat and wally kutteles have worked 10 years to repeal `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' .  their son , pfc . .  barry winchell , was beaten to death with a bat as he slept .  he went through constant , vicious harassment after rumors he was gay , they write .  they believe dadt prevented him from reporting harassment to superior .
 iranian cleric 's funeral draws protesters <sec> thousands chant anti-government chants at cleric 's funeral .  senior iranian dissident cleric grand ayatollah hussein ali montazeri died sunday .  montazeri was one of several prominent clerics who publicly criticized the presidential elections last june .  montazeri was once heir apparent to late ayatollah ruhollah khomeini , architect of iran 's 1979 islamic revolutio .
 boyzone 's stephen gately dies in spain <sec> stephen gately , a member of the irish band boyzone , died in majorca .  the singer was on the spanish island with his partner , andrew .  gately , 33 , joined the boy band in 199 .
 alice in chains rock madison square garden <sec> alice in chains performed at madison square garden on friday .  the band kicked off its set by nailing the first three tracks from their album `` dirt '' .  `` black gives way to blue '' had three number one tracks on the mainstream rock char .
 u.n. rights chief urges 'immediate ' international steps to protect syrians <sec> new : activist group says at least 12 dead on friday .  the death total in syria includes at least 187 children , the united nations says .  activist reports clashes between military defectors and security .  obama administration officials testify before a house pane .
 fourth missing miner found dead , wales police say <sec> rescuers locate the body of the fourth and final man missing in a wales coal mine .  the mine flooded on thursday .  all four bodies have been recovered ; three other miners escape .
 man falls to death during game at chicago 's soldier field <sec> new : coroner rules the death an `` accident '' .  new : incident follows death last week of a 2-year-old boy who fell during a lakers game .  the man fell during a game between the chicago bears and the philadelphia eagle .
 mcconnell wins primary in kentucky ; he 'll face grimes - cnnpolitics.com <sec> cnn projects mike simpson has won the gop primary in idaho 's 2nd congressional district .  cnn projects merkley and wehby will win senate primaries in oregon .  cnn projects perdue and kingston will face a runoff in georgia 's gop senate primary .  six states were holding primaries tuesda .
 cassano agrees transfer to ac milan <sec> ac milan poised to sign antonio cassano after reaching a deal with sampdoria .  the italian forward has not played since falling out with genovese club in october .  cassano 's arrival could hasten the departure of milan 's brazilian forward ronaldinh .
 from the brink of suicide to saving lives <sec> scott silverman was on the verge of jumping from a 44th-floor window 23 years ago .  saved by a colleague and rehab , silverman has dedicated his life to helping others .  his second chance program has helped thousands find work and a new life .  his targets : people in shelters , the homeless , inmates leaving priso .
 secret ufo files released by uk government <sec> british ministry of defense releases files on ufo sightings dating back to 1970s .  the documents include witness accounts and the government 's response .  ministry says ufology is `` claptrap '' and no evidence at all of alien space craft .  it held onto records to determine if enemy aircraft had infiltrated uk airspac .
 'star trek ' phaser rifle auctioned off for $ 231,000 <sec> phaser rifle used by william shatner in a `` star trek '' pilot sells at an auction for $ 231,000 .  julien 's auctions had estimated the rifle would go for between $ 50,000 and $ 70,000 .  other items auctioned off include items tied to `` the wizard of oz '' and marilyn monro .
 probing the ocean 's undiscovered depths <sec> oceans make life on earth possible providing oxygen and regulating our climate .  much of our oceans remain unexplored but new technology is advancing knowledge .  machines like woods hole oceanographic institution 's `` alvin '' explore deep ocean .  woods hole 's center for marine robotics pioneering new underwater vessel .
 court to issue verdict in charles taylor trial next month <sec> taylor is the first african ruler to appear before an international war crimes tribunal .  he has pleaded not guilty to crimes against humanity and war crimes .  prosecutors allege he fueled a bloody civil war in liberia and neighboring sierra leone .  his trial included testimony from dozens , including supermodel naomi campbel .
 revolutionary blogger freed in egypt <sec> new : alaa abd el-fattah tells cnn that military rulers must face trials .  a judge freed him pending further investigation .  el-fattah is banned from traveling .  he had a son while incarcerate .
 storm , hail , reported tornadoes pummel parts of south <sec> new : storms damage homes in mississippi .  tornado touchdowns reported near shreveport , louisiana .  storms reported in arkansas , oklahoma , tennessee , louisiana .  tornado warning in rome , new yor .
 why the middle east 's borders will never be the same again <sec> anderson : conflicts in the middle east are disintegrating region 's post-world war i borders .  british , french imperialists `` built volcano in middle east and then sat atop it '' .  world may be worried about `` balkanization '' of iraq , `` but that 's already happened to libya '' .  anderson : we 're running out of places that european imperialists screwed u .
 italian navy rescues 730 migrants in overcrowded boats off sicily <sec> rescued migrants , who set sail from north africa , are being taken to a sicilian port .  boats were losing buoyancy and did n't have life jackets , navy says .  the navy says 124 women and 29 children are among those rescued .  italy is a major gateway into europe for migrants from north afric .
 world could finally end inequality -- if it wants to <sec> world 's developing nations to meet at 50th g77 summit in bolivia this weekend .  meeting is aimed at promoting a more equitable world order .  andrew hammond says global income inequality appears to be going into reverse .  but he warns `` not everyone in the south has shared fully in rising tide of prosperity .
