 opinion : goodbye , good luck to ukraine ? <sec> frida ghitis : what will president obama do about the ukraine crisis ? .  ghitis : he has four options , like stop making empty threats toward russia .  she says u.s. should impose real sanctions or else it looks like paper tiger .  ghitis : u.s. military intervention is slim ; obama could turn his back on ukrain .
 police : gunman enters post office in colombes , france <sec> public radio : gunman surrenders , hostages released uninjured .  man enters a post office in colombes , which is just outside paris .  police : the gunman may be mentally unstabl .
 ntsb recommends full ban on use of cell phones while driving <sec> ntsb has been trying to limit the use of portable electronic devices in vehicles .  the recommendation for a total ban includes hands-free devices .  study : at any given daylight moment , 13.5 million drivers are on hand-held phones .  some 3,092 roadway fatalities last year involved distracted driver .
 father of murder victim ozgecan aslan : 'a country woke up ' <sec> ozgecan aslan allegedly fought off a sexual assault before being killed .  her death triggered widespread protests , including one on international women 's da .
 vaclav havel , a hero for today <sec> john avlon celebrates the life of vaclav havel , who died sunday .  avlon : havel 's life story takes on renewed relevance in year of arab spring .  he says the former czech president spoke for democracy and against utopian revolution .  avlon : the writer-statesman 's life provides enduring inspiratio .
 how the wind farms of the future could be underwater <sec> energy companies in the uk see potential from underwater turbines that produce electricity .  the energy is consistent and predictable ; companies can model output 100 years in the future .  meygen has placed four turbines in the north of scotland to tap the tidal power of pentland firth .  the energy source has the potential to produce 1.2gw , the equivalent of two nuclear power plant .
 law firm : jackson had slight pulse when doctor found him <sec> dr. conrad murray found jackson not breathing but with a slight pulse .  murray believed to be last person to see michael jackson alive .  jackson 's father concerned about his son 's last moments .  police conduct `` extensive interview '' with murra .
 7 peacekeepers killed in ivory coast <sec> more may be in danger , u.n. secretary-general says .  the peacekeepers were on patrol near the border with liberia .  `` we never had such an attack , '' a mission spokeswoman says .  u.n. peacekeepers have been in ivory coast since 200 .
 5 things we learned from the new miley cyrus interview <sec> miley cyrus recently sat down for a chat with the new york times .  she said she thinks other stars do n't want to be associated with her .  she would like to collaborate with the next provocateu .
 japan regrets beijing flag snatching <sec> japan labels incident `` very regrettable '' .  envoy unhurt but japanese flag on the vehicle was snatched .  relations between two countries tense in recent weeks .  tension stems from territorial dispute over island chai .
 fugitive wanted in u.s. diplomat 's killing arrested in mali <sec> fugitive wanted in the slaying of u.s. diplomat is arrested by french forces in mali .  alhassane ould mohamed was indicted on murder charges in new york in september .  mohamed is wanted for the killing of william bultemeier in 200 .
 apparent security threat diverts united express flight <sec> new : police did not find anything suspicious during their security check at phoenix airport .  47 passengers were removed from united express flight 557 .
 commentary : let 's aim for mars <sec> buzz aldrin : our mission to the moon was shared by the world as an adventure .  he says he became depressed after the mission was over .  aldrin says he took on a new mission : to open space to the average person .  he says a mission to colonize mars would restore adventure of space trave .
 queen rania most inspirational leader of 2008 <sec> queen rania voted `` the spirit of ... '' most inspirational leader of 2008 .  online readers acknowledge her work with education , women 's rights and islam .  queen rania personally encourages open dialogue through her youtube channe .
 south korea teenagers bullied to death <sec> a south korean family is reeling from their son 's suicide after he was bullied .  the 13-year-old was beaten , tied with electrical wire and burned with lighters .  school bullying in south korea is causing alarm at the highest levels of government .  about one teenager a day commits suicide in south kore .
 hurricanes churn in atlantic and pacific <sec> new : hurricane gonzalo slams bermuda with powerful winds , heavy rain , and high surf .  new : national hurricane center says gonzalo wind gusts top 115 mph .  new : hurricane ana in the pacific strengthens into category 1 stor .
 study finds new orleans richer after katrina <sec> report examines new orleans five years after katrina .  wages up , poverty down , but many poor did n't return .  mayor says a `` knowledge-based '' economy is the city 's future .  metro population is 90 percent of pre-storm figure ; city at 78 percen .
 farmers sue dea for right to grow industrial hemp <sec> fast-growing hemp used for food , paper , textiles and car parts .  hemp and marijuana have tetrahydrocannabinol , but the level in hemp is lower .  north dakota is one of seven states that have ok 'd production or research .  the dea will not approve permits for two farmers in that stat .
 obama orders hospital visitation rights for gays , lesbians <sec> rule sought to allow gays , lesbians to visit hospitalized partners .  many hospitals have relatives-only policies ; rule would allow patients to decide .  gay and lesbian americans are `` uniquely affected '' by those policies , obama say .
 commentary : do n't cut our ( public ) health care <sec> jennifer klein : town hall protesters opposed changes to health care system .  she says some argued against government role in health care .  she says history shows government helped secure benefits for workers .  klein : government role crucial to providing workers with health securit .
 punk band member critical of putin denied parole <sec> a russian court denied parole for maria alyokhina , a jailed member of pussy riot .  alyokhina and her defense team plan to appeal the berezniki city court 's decision .  she said she was on hunger strike because she was not allowed to appear in perso .
 former indonesian president wahid dies <sec> wahid was a popular religious leader .  he contested the 1999 presidential race .  he was known for injecting humor into his religious sermons and political speeche .
 bomber kills 33 at iraq peace conference <sec> 33 killed in suicide bombing at reconciliation conference in baghdad .  tuesday 's attack came as tribal leaders were attending conference .  bombing came 3 days after iraqi pm urged nation 's sheikhs to join governmen .
 official : suspect says iraq , afghanistan drove boston bombings <sec> new : dozens remain hospitalized after last week 's attack .  afghanistan and iraq motivated the boston suspects , official says .  8-year-old victim martin richard laid to rest after private service .  residents , business owners get back into bomb blast site before publi .
 jesse jackson jr. 's life shaped by history - cnnpolitics.com <sec> jesse jackson jr. 's famous father took him along in his civil rights campaigns .  at 30 , jackson became the 91st african-american elected to congress .  the house ethics committee is investigating his dealings with disgraced gov . .  blagojevich .  jackson took a medical leave of absence from congress in jun .
 sworn in again , obama lingers for last look <sec> michelle obama wears a floor-length , custom , red gown designed by jason wu .  she and the president dance to jennifer hudson singing `` let 's stay together '' .  `` today is the day for all of us in this country to come together , '' says a gop leader .  a civil rights veteran struggles `` to keep from crying '' as obama takes oath on mlk bibl .
 court : no immunity from suit for ex-transit officer in grant killing <sec> the 9th circuit court of appeals upheld a lower court ruling .  that ruling found johannes mehserle is not entitled to immunity from a lawsuit .  oscar grant , 22 , was shot and killed by mehserle on new year 's day 2009 .  grant 's father is suing mehserle over the killin .
 d'angelo woos crowd at essence fest <sec> r & b singer d'angelo returned to the stage at essence fest after a 12-year hiatus .  it was his first official u.s. gig , though he mad appearances at bonnaroo and the bet awards .  the singer is heading out on tour with mary j. blig .
 property scramble in indonesia 's mega-city <sec> property prices rising rapidly in indonesian capital of jakarta .  38 million people live in city and surrounding area and space is scarce .  developers say jakarta is smart investment as it is cheaper than other major asian citie .
 will greek crisis leave banks stronger ? <sec> greece 's banks are being snubbed by european peers as country 's recession deepens .  but a leading voice in the sector says the country 's austerity measures are working .  piraeus bank boss alex manos says greece 's banks will emerge from the crisis stronge .
 solar road opens in the netherlands <sec> the world 's first road to convert sunlight into energy opens in the netherlands .  it 's a small patch of a bike path made of modules that include solar cells .  the developer will use it as a test route for three years .  energy created by the road can power traffic and street lights or households , officials sa .
 not all latinos are illegals <sec> ruben navarrette : do n't lump together latino u.s. citizens with latino illegal immigrants .  navarrette : not all latinos in the united states arrived here five minutes ago .  he says many readers mistakenly thought he demanded respect for illegal immigrants .  navarrette : some latinos have been `` american '' longer than the descendents of european .
 feeding the plastiki : more gourmet treats than ship 's biscuits <sec> provisions onboard plastiki come from sustainable and organic sources .  boat 's ready-meals not out of place in a top restaurant .  nutrition and cooking guide for crew provided by california-based gourmands .  crew faced lower water rations at end of first leg of voyag .
 study : private airport towers as safe , cheaper than government towers <sec> contract towers have lower costs , same safety levels as faa-staffed towers , study finds .  controllers at contract towers must meet faa safety , medical standards .  contract towers began after reagan 's 1981 firing of striking controller .
 deal reached for custody of michael jackson 's children <sec> debbie rowe , katherine jackson make custody agreement .  rowe , michael jackson 's ex-wife and mother of two kids , will have visitation rights .  katherine jackson is the children 's guardian .  hearing is set for monday in los angeles county superior cour .
 top 25 travel web sites <sec> flycheapo is a great way to learn about low-fare carriers in europe .  farecast uses historic pricing data to help you decide when to book flights .  viamichelin provides information on 4.4 million miles of road across europ .
 the 'evil zombie doll ' we adore <sec> writer 's daughter was thrilled when she received a special doll for christmas .  after she outgrew the toy , the family tried several times to give doll away .  illness , accidents and arrests happen when doll leaves the house .  father : we 're `` never , ever going to abandon '' the `` evil zombie doll '' we ador .
 this week in ireport : welcome to the new cnn ireport <sec> welcome to cnn ireport .  new to ireport ? .  check out our ireport 101 .  have a story to tell ? .  pick up a project on our assignment des .
 hgh in forefront to remain young <sec> doctor says more 30-somethings want steroids and hgh .  hgh first used to help children with growth problems .  critics say there are health danger .
 opinion : 'duck dynasty ' star 's free speech rights were n't violated <sec> `` duck dynasty '' star suspended due to controversial remarks in gq interview .  lz granderson says it 's a mistake to say the tv network is violating first amendment .  first amendment stops government from limiting free speech , he notes .  granderson : constitution does n't prevent society from responding to hateful speec .
 norovirus : the most common stomach bug <sec> norovirus is the most common cause of acute gastroenteritis in the u.s . .  there were 9 outbreaks of gastrointestinal illnesses on cruise ships last year .  norovirus causes stomach pain , nausea and diarrhea .  there is no medicine or vaccine to treat norovirus , but most people recover full .
 new dinosaur is a primitive bird <sec> new dinosaur species has been discovered in china .  the critter was only 51 centimeters -- about 20 inches -- long .  the newly discovered species is called aurornis xu .
 nfl 's personal conduct policy fail ( opinion ) <sec> nfl has released new player conduct guidelines .  mel robbins : new guidelines are ambiguous on punishment .  nfl missed chance to show leadership on domestic violence , robbins say .
 climate change : 7 questions on 2 degrees ( opinion ) <sec> experts have raised red flags about the warming of planet by 2 degrees celsius .  john sutter : this one little number is significant as a way to focus world 's attention on proble .
 'this is not supposed to happen in canada ' ( opinion ) <sec> andrew cohen was swept into chaotic aftermath of ottawa soldier shot , was in lockdown .  this is n't supposed to happen in canada , known for peace , low crime , immigration , he says .  he says canada lost ignorance , complacency ; and why not ? .  it 's ally to u.s. , player in the world .  cohen : naïve to think that country on way to war would not face violence one da .
 can we trust egypt 's new president ? <sec> frida ghitis : can muslim brotherhood 's mohamed morsi be trusted as egypt 's president ? .  she says brotherhood has broken promises , modulating message for political gain .  she says public comments are worrisome on women 's rights , israeli relations , enacting sharia .  ghitis : morsi , brotherhood must show they 'll hew to revolution 's goals , not just grab powe .
 umpires , pitchers by the book <sec> `` as they see 'em '' is in-depth look at baseball umpires .  `` the complete game , '' by mets broadcaster ron darling , gets inside pitcher 's head .  two positions have similarities : necessary command , some disrespec .
 opinion : the rich and famous are not immune to domestic abuse <sec> celebrity chef nigella lawson was photographed with her husband 's hands at her throat .  there 's a common perception that women with money and means are n't abused .  the u.n. calls domestic violence a `` pervasive human rights violation '' .  michele weldon calls charles saatchi 's dismissal of the incident `` flippant .
 clashes break out at campaign rally for turkish prime minister erdogan <sec> violence erupted as the prime minister was scheduled to address a rally .  turkish voters will go to the polls in parliamentary elections on june 12 .  prime minister recep tayyip erdogan 's party has been in power since 200 .
 bill hader returns to host 'snl ' next month <sec> hader will host on october 11 .  indie-soul singer hozier will perform .  hader appeared on eight seasons of the serie .
 'jurassic park ' author , 'er ' creator crichton dies <sec> michael crichton wrote several best-sellers , including `` jurassic park '' .  crichton , a physician , also helped create hit tv show `` er '' .  crichton died after `` courageous and private battle against cancer , '' release say .
 traffic prevented special police unit response to navy yard shooting <sec> there were suggestions the u.s. capitol police special response unit was diverted .  but internal police report said that was inaccurate .  snarl of emergency vehicles , commuter traffic actually prevented the unit from the reaching scene .  gunman killed 12 people on september 16 at historic navy yar .
 green business blog : the airline aiming to be carbon neutral <sec> jet republic has teamed up with climatecare to become carbon neutral .  airline chose fleet of learjet 60 xr partly because of its fuel efficiency .  aviation industry is responsible for 3.5 percent of global carbon emissions .  breeze : airline industry unfairly criticized for failing to address climate chang .
 report : isis kills 270 in attack on syrian gas field <sec> isis reportedly kills national guard members , security guards and gas field employees .  isis orders christians in mosul to accept islam , pay extra taxes or face death .  isis leader says christians have until noon saturday to accept offer or leave .  human rights watch says isis is already kidnapping and killing minoritie .
 storms leaves piles of snow behind in northeast <sec> new : ireporter says big snowfall came earlier than usual .  maine city receives more than 16 inches of snow .  hundreds of flights have been canceled .  fedex : the weather could delay shipment .
 ukraine talks in minsk yield no deal <sec> saturday 's talks in minsk went for two hours but yielded no signatures , diplomat says .  ukrainian military says fighting continues near debaltsev .
 a bernie sanders announcement 'within days ' ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> what to expect if bernie sanders takes the presidential plunge .  biden 's and kasich 's `` wait and see '' 2016 strategies .  gop recruiting senate candidates for 2016 in nevada and colorad .
 mom of 9/11 victim : id brings 'closure ' <sec> dna identifies remains of 9/11 victim more than 13 years later .  matthew yarnell , 26 , is the 1,640 victim id 'd from the world trade center .  2,753 died in the attack on the building .
 u.s. probably did n't take out terror targets in syria <sec> khorasan group has been thought a target of u.s. airstrikes .  after first strikes in syria , reports said top khorasan members had been hit .  official now says `` its 99.5 % certain '' they are aliv .
 heat waves on the rise in big cities <sec> brian stone : number of heat-wave days in u.s. cities has doubled since 1950s .  stone says greenhouse effect , loss of trees and grass in cityscape are to blame .  frequency of heat waves in cities a significant public health threat , he writes .  he urges planting greenery , making city surfaces reflective , better transit system .
 military chiefs oppose removing commanders from sexual assault probes <sec> `` it sounds like you all are very bullish on the status quo , '' senator tells commanders .  senator : some commanders ca n't differentiate between `` slap on the ass and rape '' .  gen. dempsey : `` inadequate protections '' to keep predators out of armed services .  legislation would allow prosecutors , not commanders , to decide if claims have meri .
 sweet ! 'arrested development ' treats fans <sec> fans in new york got a sweet way to celebrate new season of `` arrested development '' .  new cast member terry crews says viewers helped bring the show back .  he believes a movie is the next ste .
 six philadelphia cops arrested on corruption charges <sec> six officers arrested were members of the philadelphia pd 's narcotics field unit .  federal prosecutors accuse the officers of robbing , extorting and kidnapping drug dealers .  the arrests were based on information from a former officer who was also charge .
 4 in 10 ferguson voters cast ballots - cnnpolitics.com <sec> 10,222 of ferguson 's 24,334 registered voters cast ballots in election , official says .  county election director calls it `` big number '' ; mayor notes county percentage higher .  it 's largest nonpresidential turnout in 4 years , but 2010 midterms drew far more voters .  officials : lack of paper ballots , illegal requests for id , rain , police intimidation reporte .
