 flash flood watch issued for vermont , northern new york <sec> flash flood watch goes into effect sunday evening .  it covers counties ravaged by tropical storm irene .  emergency officials prepare contingencie .
 spotify play button brings music to blogs , websites <sec> spotify 's new play button makes it easy to embed songs on your site , blog .  the free tool will be incorporated by tumblr , the blogging platform .  music-streaming service spotify has more than 15 million songs in its databas .
 mcconnell allies - cnnpolitics.com <sec> allies of senate majority leader mitch mcconnell are launching a super pac focused on senate races .  their aim is to keep the senate in gop hands as republicans face a tough map for 2016 .  the group will coordinate with american crossroads , another gop super pa .
 tsa to investigate racial profiling claims <sec> tsa behavior analysis officers have accused some colleagues of inappropriate screening .  officers say some agency employees target travelers based on race or ethnicity .  the agency says it will investigate the claims .  tsa says profiling is discriminatory and ineffective in detecting threat .
 flower power : williams f1 go green <sec> williams the subject of a topiary display at the chelsea flower show .  `` the williams story '' features a life-size topiary formula one car and pit crew .  the display has been awarded the annual horticultural event 's prestigious gold medal .  williams have thanked other f1 teams for their help following garage fire in spai .
 sudan join ivory coast in africa cup of nations quarterfinals <sec> sudan progress to quarterfinals after beating burkina faso 2-1 in final group b match .  angola are out after losing 2-0 to ivory coast in malabo .  sudan 's first win in competition in over four decades sets up tie with zambia .  ivory coast meet co-hosts equatorial guinea in quarterfinal .
 silence falls as austin awaits armstrong 's 'last word ' <sec> mellow johnny 's is a cycling store co-owned by disgraced former cyclist lance armstrong .  the store is in armstrong hometown of austin , texas .  armstrong was stripped of his seven tour de france titles and banned for life from cycling .  some cycling fans in austin still stand by armstrong despite doping allegation .
 discover the real malmo <sec> walking is the cheapest and easiest way to explore malmo .  have a steam followed by an icy dip in the sea for a truly local experience .  enjoy a two-nation vacation by taking a trip to nearby copenhagen .  feasting on crayfish is a traditional way to mark the end of summe .
 messi 'the best ever ' says barcelona chief <sec> barcelona president joan laporta says lionel messi is best player world has ever seen .  messi has scored 10 goals in past four games , including two hat-tricks .  the 22-year-old is third on the spanish club 's all-time scoring list with 199 goals .  coach pep guardiola says he has run out of superlatives to praise the argentine forwar .
 commentary : stop flow of u.s. guns to mexico drug war <sec> townsend , helmke : u.s. guns are helping fuel the mexican drug war .  they say u.s. should close loophole letting guns be sold without background check .  they say congress should drop limits on federal release of gun data .  townsend , helmke : u.s. should strengthen powers of federal firearms agenc .
 russia to launch 520-day mock mission to mars <sec> mars500 team to be locked up in a windowless capsule for about a year and a half .  six men to be in cramped , claustrophobic conditions in a special facility in moscow .  they 'll talk to mission control via internet , do tasks similar to space station astronauts .  organizers hope project will shed light on psychological , physical effects of mars missio .
 lawyer : brain-dead teen jahi mcmath stabilizing after hospital move <sec> jahi had successful procedures after leaving an oakland hospital , lawyer says .  `` she is doing very well and getting the treatment she should have gotten , '' he adds .  doctors believe `` her health is improving , '' adds the mcmath family 's lawyer .  doctors and a judge declared her brain dead ; her family disagree .
 ambassador rice leads u.s. group to south sudan independence ceremony <sec> south sudan is set to gain independence on saturday .  u.s . .  ambassador to the united nations susan rice is leading a u.s. delegation for the ceremony .  the north and south fought a decades-long civil war .  new satellite images show a sudanese military presence in south kordof .
 review : 'wii fit ' gives kinder , gentler workout <sec> entire 'wii fit ' setup does n't take up much space , and the board is no eyesore .  wii fit calculates your body mass index ( bmi ) , a metric many doctors use .  program organized into 48 activities divided among four general areas .  people over 6 feet tall or with broad shoulders may find some activities difficul .
 students return to new mexico school two days after shooting <sec> students return to new mexico school for the first time since shooting .  12-year-old faces three charges of aggravated battery , court documents .  shooter 's father bought the gun used in the shooting .  his parents say a judge ordered that their son receive mental health treatmen .
 polanski will fight extradition , lawyers say <sec> polanski was arrested en route to zurich film festival , which was honoring him .  the oscar winner pleaded guilty to having sex with a 13-year-old girl in 1977 .  he has lived in france for decades to avoid arrest if he enters the u.s . .  polanski won oscar for best director for `` the pianist '' but did not attend ceremon .
 israel pilot , son of space shuttle columbia crewman , dies in crash <sec> lt. assaf ramon fatally crashes during routine flight , israel defense forces say .  idf : personnel branch brass `` informed [ mother rona ramon ] of the tragic event '' .  assaf ramon 's father died february 1 , 2003 , aboard the space shuttle columbi .
 art modell , former baltimore ravens owner , dead at 87 <sec> art modell was an nfl owner for 43 years .  his teams won two championships .  he died thursday at johns hopkins hospital at 87 .  modell helped `` reinvigorate baltimoreans ' sense of pride , '' maryland governor say .
 police fight a rash of vacant home burglaries <sec> vacant homes across the country are being burglarized at a high rate .  many homes have been left empty by homeowners who can not rent them .  atlanta police department has special team to fight the special kind of burglary .  materials like copper are being stripped from the buildings and sold by thieve .
 gop homes in on controversial sotomayor speeches <sec> new : senate wraps up sotomayor 's confirmation hearings .  chief plaintiff in ricci case testifies during final day of confirmation hearings .  republicans fail to get nominee to reveal more about her personal views .  gop sen. lindsey graham says sonia sotomayor 's judicial record `` mainstream .
 hillary clinton super pac detente , jon huntsman run ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> an end to the feuding in the hillary clinton super pac world .  huntsman being courted for a 2016 gop run -- in utah .  north carolina tries to muscle its way into the 2016 early state rank .
 brazilian air force says debris was not from air france crash <sec> wreckage , debris found earlier is not from missing plane , air force says .  conflicting reports over why air france jet crashed with 228 aboard .  oil slick appears to rule out midair fire or explosion , brazil minister says .  but two spanish pilots say they saw `` intense flash '' in area where jet crashe .
 the petraeus scandal : what we know <sec> david petraeus testifies the benghazi attack was terrorism , a lawmaker says .  petraeus tells lawmakers his resignation was not linked to that deadly attack .  jill kelley visited the white house three times this fall , an official says .  fbi is investigating conduct of agent who brought kelley e-mails to agency 's attentio .
 how 'made in portugal ' is striding across global stage <sec> despite economic gloom , one portuguese industry is expanding its export market .  shoemaking , one of country 's most traditional industries , is mapping out a new future .  some are discovering new ways to gain traction , such as adopting anglo-saxon names .  it 's a strategy proving its value , with exports in the industry growing 6 % a yea .
 cosby 's denver show draws protests <sec> cosby , 77 , was greeted with cheers and a standing ovation .  he never once mentioned the accusations of sexual assaul .
 american crowned miss universe for first time in 15 years <sec> olivia culpo of rhode island wins the miss universe pageant .  no american has won the beauty pageant since 1997 .  `` this night was a dream come true , '' culpo tweet .
 australian open : serena , venus williams on course for showdown <sec> serena and venus williams both won at the australian open monday .  it 's the first time they 're into the last eight together at a major since 2010 .  they 'll meet in the semifinals if they win their quarterfinal .
 hawks ' sefolosha says police caused his leg injury <sec> thabo sefolosha says he `` experienced a significant injury and ... the injury was caused by the police '' .  he and teammate pero antic were arrested near the scene of a stabbing early april 8 .  they were not involved in the stabbing police said , but they were arrested for obstruction , other charge .
 poll finds americans split on government 's role <sec> a george washington university battleground poll found americans split on the role of government .  bipartisan pollsters found democrats did n't make a convincing argument for government .  whoever wins on the economy will win the white house in 2016 , democratic pollster celinda lake sai .
 why we loved - and hated - 'forrest gump ' <sec> `` forrest gump '' was released in the united states on july 6 , 1994 .  twenty years later the movie remains a cultural touchstone , and surprisingly polarizing .  while audiences embraced the film , some critics hated i .
 india to launch mars orbiter in 2013 <sec> indian mars probe will be `` a huge step , '' indian pm singh says .  the probe has a `` small launch window '' in november 2013 .  india has been launching satellites since 1975 .  it plans to launch a manned space mission in 201 .
 grupo mexicana halts airline operations due to financial problems <sec> company owns mexicana airlines , mexicanaclick and mexicanalink .  airlines suspend operations due to financial problems .  grupo mexicana changed owners a week ago .  company hopes to begin flying again soo .
 singaporeans will vote for tan , but which one ? <sec> new : singapore 's presidential election is august 27 .  the presidential election is the most contested in singapore 's history .  the president can veto key government positions and tap the government 's financial reserves .  the highly paid president makes millions each yea .
 halle berry and michael kors want to end hunger <sec> actress halle berry joins designer michael kors and the world food programme .  pregnant actress says that being a mother inspired her to act on behalf of hungry children .  world food programme provides food to millions of people across every continent .  each michael kors 100 series watch provides 100 meals for hungry kid .
 why the chinese are flocking to u.s. colleges <sec> william bennett : many chinese yearn to send their children to u.s. universities .  bennett : chinese students better prepared in science , math ; parental expectations higher .  in china , u.s. colleges represent freedom , individualism , self-improvement , he says .  he warns that u.s. must approach education as focused as the chines .
 new airports 2015 <sec> china said to be increasing its operational airports to 230 in 2015 .  tokyo and munich to open new terminal facilities , amsterdam and rio will get upgrades .  beijing , mexico city and singapore press ahead with impressive new projects .  more delays for berlin 's long overdue new brandenburg airport , originally slated for 201 .
 medical journal : study linking autism , vaccines is 'elaborate fraud ' <sec> the journalist who wrote the articles says wakefield should face criminal charges .  wakefield says his work has been `` grossly distorted '' .  british journal bmj accuses wakefield of faking data for his 1998 paper .  the study was retracted and wakefield lost his license in 201 .
 u.s. soldier captured by taliban : 'i 'm afraid ' <sec> soldier from idaho says he 's frightened he wo n't be able to see family again .  u.s. military : pfc . .  bowe r. bergdahl , 23 , was captured june 30 from paktika province .  taliban commander : taliban will kill him if foreign troops keep targeting civilians .  he was taken by members of the taliban , the military say .
 south african commission probing miners ' deaths starts proceedings <sec> new : the commission members plan to visit the settlement where the miners lived .  the commission will look into the conduct of lonmin , mine unions and police .  protests at the mine in the northwest killed 44 people , including two police officers .  of those , 34 miners were killed in a clash with polic .
 opinion : you ca n't game a presidential legacy <sec> julian zelizer : one ca n't predict sitting president 's legacy . .  much depends on what comes after .  whether next president lets previous president 's signature program stand affects legacy .  he says obama kept some bush counterterror initiatives . .  nixon kept lbjs great society .  zelizer : archives can affect understanding of legacy , as can future world event .
 brazil calls off search for air france crash victims <sec> brazilian military : unlikely that any more bodies would be found .  search teams have found 51 of the 228 people who died .  plane wreckage believed to be on atlantic seabed , around 4,500 meters deep .  investigators still trying to find flight data recorders for crucial informatio .
 robin williams and the dark side of comedy <sec> while widely-regarded as one of the funniest men alive , williams was battling depression .  many comics are commonly known to have a darker side .  `` we lose at least one great comic to suicide or ods every year , '' tweeted comedian michael ian blac .
 abbottabad -- the military town where bin laden hid in plain sight <sec> abbottabad is home to pakistan 's equivalent of west point .  it is on a key road , and is something of a way station for terrorist groups .  other wanted terrorist leaders have been found in the cit .
 how foreign fighters are swelling isis ranks <sec> pentagon spokesman : higher isis estimate does n't change military approach .  isis can `` muster between 20,000 and 31,500 fighters '' across iraq , syria , the cia says .  the white house says retired gen. john allen will lead international effort against isis .  iraqi prime minister : french president says france will strike isis targets in ira .
 bedtime story : go the bleep to sleep <sec> adam mansbach turned his frustration with an unsleepy toddler into a funny book .  written like a children 's book , the verses have an adult twist to them .  title is `` go the f**k to sleep , '' and the book is soaring on amazon before publication .  it 's described as a book for inconsolable , tired parents of toddlers who wo n't slee .
 nj attorney general : nypd surveillance of muslims was legal <sec> muslim-owned business , mosques and student groups were monitored .  muslim leaders had called for an investigation after report became public .  neward mayor corey booker said probe `` clearly crosses a line '' .  booker said his police were not involved in nypd joint operatio .
 past 12 months warmest ever recorded in united states <sec> new : floods in north carolina strand up to 30 cars on highway , a meteorologist says .  the first half of 2012 has also set temperature records , noaa says .  the analysis does n't include more record-breaking heat from july .  temperatures tuesday in arizona and california may go as high as 12 .
 judge orders ex-nfler darren sharper held without bail <sec> a judge removes bail and orders darren sharper to remain in jail .  the order comes the same week that an arizona indictment is announced against sharper .  sharper had been held in jail on $ 1 million bail .  the ex-nfl star 's next court date is march 2 .
 artiphon instrument 1 : guitar , keyboard , drums and bass , in one place <sec> artiphon instrument 1 can be played as a guitar , harp , violin , drum machine or keyboard .  the instrument draws on the computational power of an iphone , housed beneath its fretboard .  `` i wanted to make something that people at all skill levels could play , '' says creato .
 feds : minnesota man charged after explosives , firearms found <sec> the fbi says it believes a terror attack was disrupted .  but several law enforcement officials played down the possible threat .  one source says the suspect has anti-government views .  that source calls the case a domestic terrorism investigatio .
 anjelica huston on jack nicholson , ryan o'neal , memoir <sec> `` watch me '' is anjelica huston 's second memoir .  the academy award winner dated jack nicholson for 17 years .  huston claims ryan o'neal assaulted her when they dated .  the actress makes her broadway debut in `` love letters '' in januar .
 slide shows , 'pencasts ' becoming more fun <sec> technology injects new life into a dull medium : presentations .  smartpens bring audio and written notes together .  growth in online applications makes slide shows and lectures more interesting .  success of ted lectures means educational content can be popula .
 'gay at home dad ' frank lowe 's life lessons <sec> frank lowe is the `` gay at home dad '' on twitter , and his feed is a hoot .  lowe has amassed 81,000 followers with his acerbic posts on culture and fatherhood .  he uses humor to normalize the concept of gay parentin .
 cnn student news transcript : march 6 , 2009 <sec> hear how wasteful spending has presented problems for u.s. presidents .  learn about some of the health benefits that come with owning a pet .  celebrate women 's history month with some famous firsts from the 1980 .
 on the web , world cup victories more popular than obama 's victory <sec> the web peaked at more than 12 million users per minute at the start of the world cup .  world cup numbers are so high that twitter is struggling to keep its ship afloat .  the 2010 world cup has surpassed obama 's election in web traffi .
 opinion : a tale of two black hairstyles <sec> michaela davis : two very different children found their hair in the spotlight this past week .  davis : while dante de blasio 's afro won hearts , tiana parker 's dreadlocks got criticized .  she says the `` otherness '' of black hair is a reminder that there is still bias to overcome .  davis : let 's hope one day black hairstyles wo n't trigger powerful emotions or suspicion .
 bay area celebrates 75th birthday of iconic golden gate bridge <sec> san francisco 's golden gate bridge opened in may 1937 .  sunday 's celebration marks the iconic span 's 75-year anniversary .  events include concerts , a watercraft parade and nighttime firework .
 cartoon avatars are back in vogue <sec> the amc show `` mad men '' has revived its popular `` mad men yourself '' campaign .  the wall street journal created an iconic `` hedcut '' of character don draper .  many facebook profiles have been taken over by caricatures .  one artist is enabling the portrait trend by using iphone 4 video chats to create user avatar .
 benham brothers lose hgtv show after 'anti-gay ' remarks <sec> new : the brothers tell cnn they believe hgtv was bullied into its decision .  new : `` we love all people . .  i love homosexuals , '' says david benham .  he was quoted as making remarks against homosexuality .  pair said : `` if our faith costs us a television show then so be it .
 opinion : tsa , change the airport security mindset <sec> kip hawley : airport transportation security officers are misunderstood .  he says infractions are related to being unmotivated and enforcing senseless rules .  hawley : officers need to be trained , empowered and allowed to think for themselves .  he says allow banned items , except obvious ones ; stop shoe inspections , intrusive pat-down .
 angry rants bring end to alec baldwin msnbc show <sec> msnbc and baldwin 's rep confirm `` up late '' is off the air .  actor apologized after an angry outburst against a photographer last week .  `` this is a mutual parting and we wish alec all the best , '' msnbc say .
 donald digs deep to match manassero at wentworth showpiece <sec> englishman luke donald retains joint lead at bmw pga championship at wentworth .  donald battles back after falling six shots behind matteo manassero .  italian teenager also cards 72 as duo take two-shot lead into sunday 's final round .  world no . .  1 lee westwood tied for third following a second successive 6 .
 ex-florida prison boss : drunken orgies tainted system <sec> former head of florida 's prisons says orgies were common before he arrived .  james mcdonough also says the system was run like the mafia .  `` they were like frat boys out of control , '' mcdonough tells cnn .  his predecessor is currently in prison after pleading guilty to bribery charge .
 monsanto court victory could have big impact on biotech <sec> supreme court rules for agribusiness in patent dispute .  monsanto had sued indiana farmer in dispute over genetic seeds .  court found reproduction of patented products requires compensation .  ruling could impact a variety of biotech field .
