 new jersey teen sues parents to pay for college education <sec> a new jersey teen sues her parents to pay her college costs .  she says her parents kicked her out ; they say she left on her own .  reaction online was swift , with many pointing to a sense of entitlement by the teen .  one tweet summed it up this way : # nowinner .
 5th suspect in chicago shooting arrested <sec> david logan , 22 , was arrested on wednesday , police say .  he was charged in connection with a shooting that injured 13 .  he faces charges of unlawful use of a weapon and obstructing justic .
 allegri appointed ac milan coach <sec> ac milan confirm massimiliano allegri as their new coach .  allegri replaces brazilian coach leonardo .  the 42-year-old recently terminated his contract with cagliar .
 spain 'al qaeda cell ' may have planned strike to coincide with olympics <sec> analyst : an alleged plot in the gibraltar area was likely timed to coincide with the olympics .  it may have been a `` feasible alternative '' to planning a terrorist act in london , he says .  experts say the men are among the most skilled suspects in recent years .  paragliding equipment and explosives were found in one suspect 's hom .
 bin hammam sole blatter rival in fifa presidential elections <sec> sepp blatter and mohammed bin hammam are the only candidates in fifa 's presidential vote .  the qatari has been head of the asian football confederation since 2002 .  incumbent blatter , 75 , has been president of world football 's governing body since 1998 .  he has not been opposed since the 2002 elections , when he beat issa hayato .
 mugabe labels u.s. diplomat a 'prostitute ' <sec> zimbabwe president robert mugabe likens u.s. diplomat to prostitute .  mugabe warns u.s. and britain to keep out of zimbabwe .  morgan tsvangirai attends funeral and accuses mugabe supporters of murde .
 lucy liu : heroic kids not giving up <sec> actress lucy liu is a unicef ambassador who has met children around the world .  liu : it 's `` heartbreaking '' to see kids who want an education but ca n't have one .  despite their disadvantages , she says , children are always `` warm and inviting .
 u.s. : al qaeda video shows armed boys in training <sec> u.s. admiral says tape made from al qaeda recruitment tapes .  armed kids enact detaining bicyclist , searching car , clearing building .  soldiers seized video during december raid targeting al qaeda in iraq leader .  three separate roadside bombings in south-central iraq kill seven , wound nin .
 pakistan pm confirms mumbai arrests <sec> new : top u.s. military officer encouraged by terror arrests .  pakistan arrests militant leaders blamed by india for mumbai terror attacks .  zarar shah , top commander of lashkar-e-tayyiba , among those held .  blamed militant groups were formed to oppose indian rule in divided kashmi .
 supreme court to hear case about indecent speech on tv <sec> on tuesday , the justices will weigh in on `` fleeting expletives '' on broadcast tv .  the government aims to clamp down on indecent language on the public airwaves .  but broadcast networks say government inconsistently regulates indecent speech .  case concerns dirty words from celebrities such as bono , cher , nicole richi .
 months after devastating blaze , fire kills 7 in bangladesh factory <sec> 7 women die after a fire breaks out inside a garment factory in dhaka , police say .  the building did not have a fire alarm and its exit door was locked , a witness says .  in november , 112 people died after a fire at another factory in banglades .
 obama warns syria not to cross 'red line ' <sec> a japanese journalist is killed , the government says tuesday .  at least 150 people were killed across syria on monday , opposition activists say .  obama calls the movement or use of chemical or biological weapons a `` red line '' .  violence flares in daraa , where peaceful anti-regime protests started in march 201 .
 families move to chile 's desert to be closer to trapped miners <sec> `` camp hope '' is a makeshift tent community set up by the families of the 33 trapped miners .  family members are living there despite the harsh conditions of chile 's atacama desert .  the tent village is part refugee camp , part vigil to the miners .  the men may not be freed until decembe .
 sales of cuban cigars on the rise <sec> hundreds of people from across the world visit cuba every year for its annual cigar festival .  cuban cigars are renowned for their quality , craftsmanship .  sales of the cigars were up 9 % last year , according to their distributor .  knockoffs are common , so cigar makers are implementing new security measure .
 group urges unplugging to take back sabbath <sec> reboot aims to reinvent traditions of judaism for today 's secular jews .  group says cell phones , computers should be put away for weekly day of rest .  sabbath manifesto founder says he felt technology was taking over too much of his lif .
 24 die in collision in pakistan <sec> 12 people also were injured when a passenger van collided with a truck .  accident took place on a main street near the city of bahawalpur in punjab province .  the dead include seven women and one child from the same famil .
 'barefoot bandit ' sentenced to six-and-a-half years in prison <sec> the federal sentence will run concurrently with a state sentence of seven years .  colton harris-moore also pleaded guilty to 33 state charges last year .  he eluded capture for 2 years in stolen planes and cars , often while barefoo .
 schumer calls proposed knife rules a distraction for tsa <sec> senator from new york says `` now is not the time for reduced vigilance '' .  tsa will allow some pocketknives , sports equipment as of april 25 .  they were banned after september 11 , 2001 , attacks .  some airline officials also have called for reversa .
 source : houston seen drinking considerably two mornings last week <sec> houston ordered considerable quantities of alcohol in days before death , source says .  death certificate says houston will be buried in westfield , new jersey .  the coroner 's office has issued subpoenas for houston 's medical records , prescriptions .  it does not appear houston was `` doctor shopping , '' assistant chief coroner say .
 on thanksgiving , 5 moments we 're thankful for <sec> the thanksgiving holiday is a time to give thanks .  in that spirit , these are 5 moments from 2014 we 're grateful fo .
 kuwait slams parliament protests as 'unprecedented ' step to 'anarchy ' <sec> new : u.s. asks that peaceful protests be respected .  `` the popular opposition will escalate , '' an opposition figure tells cnn .  the protests focus on complaints of corruption , rather than the economy .  protesters forced their way into parliament wednesday nigh .
 'afghan village ' in british countryside is training ground for elite troops <sec> vbs embeds with esteemed , aggressive british army unit .  troops described as `` hardest men in the world , '' `` most brutal '' soldiers in army .  training facility in english countryside modeled after afghan villag .
 casey anthony files for bankruptcy as she vows to 'keep fighting ' legal issues <sec> anthony lists about $ 1,000 in personal property and almost $ 800,000 in liabilities .  the filing came the same day two of her four convictions for lying were thrown out .  anthony was acquitted in the death of her 2-year-old daughter caylee .  attorney : anthony feels bad that she ca n't pay legal fees ; another attorney questions her motiv .
 south carolina blaze rages in myrtle beach area <sec> wildfire has consumed 15,500 acres in horry county , south carolina .  area is home to popular tourist spots , including myrtle beach .  south carolina gov . .  mark sanford declares state of emergency in county .  no injuries are reported , but fire damages dozens of home .
 make saudi women visible -- boost the economy <sec> the number of saudi women seeking employment has risen faster than the number of jobs .  the engagement of women in the policy debate is critical , jamjoom writes .  she argues that economic measures need to be accompanied by civic change .
 new 7 wonders of the world named <sec> new : .  star-studded event in lisbon , portugal , unveils the new wonders .  voting in the final hours so intense the web site crashed at times .  pyramids of giza given honorary status as a `` wonders '' membe .
 slide shows , 'pencasts ' becoming more fun <sec> technology injects new life into a dull medium : presentations .  smartpens bring audio and written notes together .  growth in online applications makes slide shows and lectures more interesting .  success of ted lectures means educational content can be popula .
 facebook unveils privacy changes <sec> pop-up on thursday asks facebook users to change their privacy settings .  some users dislike how much information is made public to non-friends unless they make changes .  more popular is the new ability to decide on every post who gets to see it .  blog calls the changes `` facebook 's answer to twitter .
 commentary : john madden 's sweet ride <sec> bob greene : john madden 's retiring as a broadcaster but keeping his bus .  he says football expert had the ultimate perk for traveling the country .  greene : highway becomes your best friend as you discover america block by bloc .
 newsquiz : week of may 11 <sec> you 've heard many different places mentioned this week on cnn student news .  show you know your news by identifying the location described in each clue .  write your answers in the space provide .
 senate goes forward on lgbt discrimination bill <sec> the senate votes to begin debate on enda .  president barack obama wrote a rare op-ed voicing his support .  the bill would outlaw workplace discrimination for lgbt workers .  house speaker john boehner said he will not support end .
 italian high court upholds berlusconi 's sentence in tax fraud case <sec> berlusconi 's conviction is upheld , but the impact on his political career is unclear .  italy high court : a lower court should reconsider barring him from public office .  the former prime minister was convicted of tax evasion last octobe .
 angry crowd turns on journalists reporting embassy attack in egypt <sec> one egyptian journalist is accused of being an israeli spy .  a producer working for cnn helps her to safety .  other journalists report similar experience .
 u.s. says business jet forced down in iran <sec> new : iran now says aircraft was forced down a week ago .  there were no americans on board the aircraft , u.s. says .  iranians say they forced down plane after it violated iranian airspace .  iran had claimed aircraft was a u.s. `` falcon fighter .
 'csi 's ' petersen : 'i wo n't miss grissom ' <sec> `` csi 's '' william petersen has last episode thursday .  show 's star leaves at the top of the heap -- but he was ready to go .  `` csi '' adding new character played by laurence fishburn .
 who will take home this year 's nobel peace prize ? <sec> gene sharp , an american academic , is among those tipped to win the nobel peace prize .  egypt 's `` mama maggie , '' a coptic christian nun who helps cairo 's poorest , could also win .  the five-member nobel committee will choose from 231 nominees .  last year 's prize was shared by ellen johnson sirleaf , leymah gbowee and tawakkul karma .
 apple , consumers must urge worker justice <sec> last week , chinese workers at foxconn threatened mass suicide in a labor dispute .  john cary : consumers must help workers who make products under tough conditions .  consumers need to pressure apple to improve its supply-side standards , he says .  he says this is ceo tim cook 's moment to fix the labor injustices associated with apple product .
 israel , hezbollah : major international crisis averted ? <sec> israel and hezbollah have stepped up fighting in recent days .  neither side wants a full-scale war , analysts believe .  iran , oil , isis and more all play into the scenari .
 this time , all politics was local <sec> this year 's elections more about local concerns than national ones , says nate silver .  special election in new york in a district that is n't particularly conservative , silver says .  new jersey voters rejected gov . .  jon corzine for local reasons , silver says .  silver : in virginia , democrats had candidate who did n't appeal statewid .
 this month on inside the middle east <sec> this month , ime investigates the limits of personal expression in saudi arabia . .  the show visits the janadiryah festival that celebrates saudi heritage .  it then focuses on saudi women who are fighting for their rights more than ever .  last , we meet comedians and comtemporary artists in the conservative kingdo .
 french rail chief blames train derailment on faulty switch part <sec> new : death toll stands definitively at six , government official says .  french rail company chief says a part disconnected from the switching mechanism .  22 others were injured in the derailment south of paris .  french president francois hollande visited the scene of the derailmen .
 journalist jailed after iran elections freed , media report <sec> maziar bahari was accused of making false accusations against iranian government .  the newsweek journalist stood trial in august in iran 's revolutionary court .  `` humanitarian considerations '' thought to play role in release , newsweek says .  thousands arrested , more than 100 stood trial after disputed presidential electio .
 former israeli security chief slams handling of iran <sec> new : ehud barak describes yuval diskin 's comments as 'irresponsible ' .  diskin is the former head of the shin bet , the country 's internal security service .  he accuses netanyahu and barak of mischaracterizing the possible effectiveness of attacking iran .  netanyahu says sanctions are not having a meaningful effect on tehran 's nuclear progra .
 gina rodriguez , the latina meryl streep ? <sec> gina rodriguez says her show , `` jane the virgin , '' gives an authentic picture of a latino family .  she is smart and brave to challenge hollywood 's prejudices and blind spots , says ruben navarrett .
 berlusconi : italy 's most colorful , controversial public figure <sec> three-time former pm berlusconi standing for fourth term .  berlusconi appealing four-year prison sentence for tax evasion .  he has been dogged by scandal since he entered politics two decades ag .
 ryanair considers charging passengers to pee <sec> passengers on board ryanair flights may need to take plenty of spare change .  airline boss says he 's considering installing coin-operated toilets on fleet .  which ? .  holiday says it may encourage passengers to spend less on drink .
 emotional witness describes horror outside sweat lodge <sec> beverley bunn roomed with one of the three victims at the 2009 retreat .  self-help author and retreat leader james ray is charged with manslaughter .  defense calls the incident `` a tragic accident .
 inside the criminal world of ghana 's e-mail scam gangs <sec> motherboard.tv goes to ghana to learn about sakawa , a criminal world of e-mail scammers .  ghana has sophisticated tech infrastructure and calls itself the `` internet capital of west africa '' .  government is scrambling to prevent sakawa from hurting the country 's business reputatio .
 what 's the link between ptsd , tbi and violence ? <sec> a lawyer for sgt . .  robert bales says the soldier may have been suffering from tbi , ptsd .  sometimes our understanding of psychiatry is unsatisfying , dr. charles raison says .  raison : the backstory to someone 's life is just as important as the current situatio .
 commentary : michael jackson 's enemy was time <sec> gene seymour : we want to relive the promise of jackson 's eternal youth .  he says the final years of his life were bizarre and sad .  seymour : jackson pooled heavy metal , disco and funk audiences .  jackson 's `` thriller '' lp will never be surpassed , he say .
 military report details misconduct on colombia trip <sec> u.s. southern command report details what service members did on colombia trip .  report finds 12 service members brought prostitutes to their rooms during april trip .  too much free time , legal prostitution contributed to misconduct , report find .
 authorities kill grizzly bear that mauled man at yellowstone <sec> authorities shoot bear they say killed man .  bear attack occurred near yellowstone national park .  researchers had tranquilized bear and placed radio collar on it .  man 's wife worked on grizzly bear research tea .
 messi closes on pele 's goal mark as barcelona move clear <sec> lionel messi scores twice as barcelona move three points clear in la liga .  he has now scored 73 goals in 2012 as he bids to beat gerd muller 's record .  third-placed malaga lose ground on leaders after being held to a draw .  ac milan bounce back from european defeat with much-needed serie a wi .
 ryan knight of 'real world : new orleans ' dies <sec> ryan knight , part of `` real world : new orleans , '' dies in hometown of kenosha , wisconsin .  knight was 28 .  police said cause of death to be determine .
 clinton wins back women , narrowly takes new hampshire <sec> sen. barack obama has electrified younger voters .  sen. hillary clinton has maintained favor with voters older than 40 .  cnn has projected sen. john edwards will finish in third plac .
 blagojevich takes his case to tv circuit <sec> new : governor says taking `` snippets of conversations out of full context is unfair '' .  blagojevich says he channeled mlk , gandhi , mandela during arrest .  governor says he considered oprah winfrey to fill barack obama 's senate seat .  blagojevich says resigning would be `` worst thing i could do .
 barclays makes public apology after rate-rigging scandal <sec> barclays says it is `` truly sorry for what has happened and that you have been let down '' .  it pledges to work for its clients and customers and earn right to keep their business .  the bank has been rocked by a rate-rigging scandal that has forced out top executives .  barclays was fined $ 450 million last month by british and u.s. regulator .
 japanese coast guard rescues solo adventurer <sec> new : sarah outen 's boat was damaged when it rolled during a tropical storm , her team says .  another solo british rower is also awaiting rescue .  outen has already cycled , kayaked and rowed more than 11,000 mile .
 donald sterling lashes out at nba , wife in court <sec> donald sterling calls the nba a `` terrible institution '' .  he claims that he runs five corporation and `` knows everything '' .  his wife , shelly , says she cried after seeing donald sterling 's cnn interview .  donald calls her a `` pig '' as she leaves the stan .
 prosecutors : man lunged with sword before he was shot <sec> family 's attorney : autopsy shows he was shot six times from behind .  `` serious questions as to why officers were questioning him , '' attorney says .  authorities say darren hunt lunged at police with a sword .  mother : he may have taken the sword to try to get a job at panda expres .
 string of church arsons has east texas residents on edge <sec> two fires that broke out monday had not been ruled arson as of wednesday .  eight of the 11 fires at churches in east texas have been ruled arson .  churches are `` on heightened alert , '' says mayor of athens , texas .  some congregants are keeping guard ; some rural churches are pooling resource .
 after years of violence , 'life is back ' in juarez <sec> cartel violence helped make juarez the murder capital of the world five years ago .  but the murder rate in the city has declined rapidly since 2010 .  now city leaders are working to bring visitors and foreign investment back to juare .
 britain to send 500 more troops to afghanistan <sec> british contingent in afghanistan will be increased to 9,500 , uk 's brown says .  brown says troops must prevent afghanistan becoming al qaeda safe haven .  uk has largest contingent of troops in afghanistan after united state .
 fred armisen to guest on rebel wilson 's 'super fun night ' <sec> armisen will appear on an upcoming episode .  he is set to play the head of hr at a law firm .  he is not the first `` snl '' alum to guest on the sho .
