 americans exposed to ebola patient return from africa for monitoring <sec> after developing symptoms , a worker is moved to nebraska 's biocontainment unit .  condition of ebola patient at nih hospital is changed from serious to critical .  eight aid workers have already returned , and two more are back monda .
 monk who helped protests escapes <sec> a key organizer of monk protest marches in myanmar escapes to thailand . .  tells cnn how he had a narrow escape after seeing monks being beaten .  he believes the military regime in myanmar will eventually be overthrow .
 female suicide bombers kill 78 at nigerian market , medical officials say <sec> blast in maiduguri leaves 56 people injured .  one suicide bomber detonates her explosives at the market .  a second one set off hers when rescuers arrive at the scen .
 u.s. appeals court oks decision blocking arizona immigration law <sec> new : an immigrant activist says , `` this decisions says ... gov . .  brewer is wrong '' .  brewer says the ruling harms `` the safety and well-being of arizonans '' .  u.s. appeals court judges on monday affirm an earlier ruling on arizona 's sb 1070 .  that ruling had blocked key provisions of the law , just before they became la .
 high court : law banning 'support ' of terror groups constitutional <sec> new : applies only to activities coordinated or controlled by foreign terrorist groups .  6-3 ruling upholds provisions of the 2001 patriot act .  providing support in any form `` furthers terrorism , '' chief justice writes .  dissenting justice says first amendment should sometimes prevai .
 wozniacki reclaims top spot from clijsters in dubai <sec> denmark 's caroline wozniacki is set to replace kim clijsters as world no . .  1 .  wozniacki reclaims top spot after reaching the last four of tournament in dubai .  clijsters has been there for only a week after reaching final of paris event .  top seed robin soderling reaches semifinals of the men 's marseille ope .
 'game of thrones ' season 4 finale : what to expect <sec> `` game of thrones '' showrunners say season 4 's finale is the best .  it 'll be 66 minutes long .  it will also break from the usual `` game of thrones '' narrative patter .
 porn airs during super bowl <sec> tucson , arizona , viewers see 10 seconds of porn during super bowl .  snippet apparently seen by viewers with cable .  comcast cable and local stations looking into the interruptio .
 'new york neon ' captures fading art <sec> new book offers a visual tour of new york 's historic neon signs .  many of the old signs are disappearing as businesses close .  the remaining signs evoke another era and stand for independent busines .
 woods and gm end 9-year endorsement deal <sec> tiger woods and gm are ending their nine-year endorsement association .  general motors searching for `` budget efficiencies '' during difficult economy .  woods wants more personal time with wife elin expecting a second chil .
 as party chief in yemen , saleh threatens new political order <sec> ali abdullah saleh still heads the ruling gpc party .  the new pm condemned the old regime 's attacks against young people .  there have been tensions between saleh and the new presiden .
 twerkgate : miley 's 'grandmother ' vicki lawrence weighs in <sec> actress vicki lawrence weighs in on miley cyrus ' twerking .  lawrence played cyrus ' grandmother on `` hannah montana '' .  lawrence spoke highly of her co-star but questions the vma stun .
 typhoon kompasu kills 3 in south korea <sec> debris kills two people and a third is electrocuted .  torrential rain and winds hit n. korea , where crops were threatened .  n. korea has already struggled to feed its peopl .
 murder charge dropped against teen in chicago beating <sec> eugene bailey , 17 , freed of charge in derrion albert 's beating death .  bailey says he was albert 's friend , approached police with offer of help .  police say albert was bystander who was caught in middle of gang fight .  beating was videotaped and police thought bailey was in vide .
 gawky is gorgeous at fashion week <sec> molly bair is a model to watch during new york fashion week .  she was only discovered in july 2014 , and already has an impressive portfolio .  bair says her look has been called `` alien '' but it works for he .
 dozens killed in wave of attacks across iraq <sec> new : the united nations and u.s. embassy in baghdad condemn the attacks .  more than 200 people are injured .  official : more coordinated attacks have been seen since u.s. troops withdrew .  iraq hosts an arab summit on march 2 .
 at & t puts broadband users on monthly allowance <sec> at & t broadband users soon to face cap on amount of internet data they can download .  traditional dsl users will be capped at 150 gb per month .  subscribers to the fiber-backed uverse system have a 250-gb limi .
 rules for life after 35 <sec> after age 35 , columnist leigh newman believes leggings are not pants .  says newman : moms like scented candles , bathwater temperature is non negotiable .  do n't be afraid to put love or your ideas out in the worl .
 the buffett rule and the meaning of fairness <sec> marsha sampson johnson : it 's only fair that the wealthiest pay higher tax rates .  she says some have redefined `` fairness '' as `` when i win '' .  johnson : we have been taught that fairness is not one-sided ; it 's about others , as well .  she says the spirit of innovation and achievement is snuffed out when things are not fai .
 hearing ends with no decision on nfl lockout dispute <sec> new : federal hearing on lifting the nfl lockout wraps up .  new : judge says she will make a decision in a couple of weeks .  the lockout would affect the start of the next seaso .
 faa proposes to hit boeing with $ 2.7 million penalty <sec> proposed penalty involves alleged shortcomings in quality control .  faa found issues with certain parts used in production of the 777 jet .  boeing has corrected the problem , but the faa says it took two years .  new : boeing says its fix was comprehensive ; promises a formal response within 30 day .
 villa to miss spain 's euro defense <sec> david villa is ruled out of spain 's euro 2012 campaign with a fractured leg .  barcelona striker has been sidelined since december 's club world cup .  the 30-year-old is spain 's all-time leading scorer , with 51 international goals .  fernando llorente or fernando torres could lead spain 's attack in his plac .
 obama defends education spending plans <sec> obama warns that education cuts will undermine america 's economic future .  the president praises a boston-area school for successfully implementing reforms .  obama has proposed a double-digit increase for education spending in fiscal year 201 .
 natalie cole kidney came from deceased fan <sec> natalie cole 's new kidney came from deceased fan ; fan 's family asked for cole .  natalie cole underwent kidney transplant surgery tuesday .  singer received supportive e-mails when on cnn 's `` larry king live '' in marc .
 remembering odin lloyd , the man aaron hernandez is accused of killing <sec> it 's been one year since odin lloyd was killed .  aaron hernandez , charged with murder , pleaded not guilty .  lloyd is remembered as a loving , caring guy who loved football .  `` at the end of the day , if we get justice , do we really come out a winner ? '' .  friend of lloyd 's ask .
 group flags nations where journalists ' killings are unsolved <sec> committee to protect journalists has placed 12 countries on its impunity index .  index is a list of countries where journalists have been killed and their killers have not been found .  iraq leads field for the third consecutive year , where all 88 journalist killings remain unsolved .  somalia ranked second , while brazil and colombia each showed improvement .
 security forces storm syrian city of aleppo , activist group says <sec> new : the city of al-rastan was being bombarded , group says .  aleppo had been relatively calm during the syrian uprising .  syria 's foreign minister blames `` foreign incitement '' for anti-government protests .  state media reports discovery of weapons , ammunition and bomb materials in homs and dara .
 mike 'the situation ' sorrentino arrested after tanning salon fight <sec> splash news video shows bruised , but smiling mike sorrentino leaving jail .  sorrentino blames fight on differences on how tanning salon he co-owns is run .  `` i had to go in there and clean house , in more ways than one , '' he tells photographer .  `` the situation '' was the only person charged , police sa .
 our galaxy is rich in earth-sized planets <sec> dimitar sasselov : earth-sized planets are plentiful in the galaxy .  he says planets of such size are suited for the chemical processes that can produce life .  sasselov says biologists are finding clues to origin of life in laboratories .  he says earth life is notably old , representing nearly a third of age of univers .
 obama and romney health plans : both borrowed from richard nixon <sec> romney promises to repeal obama health care plan , yet critics find links between two .  stuart altman says both plans had their basis in richard nixon 's health care plan .  all three plans built on private , employer sponsored health insurance .  romney , obama plans do n't significantly restrain costs , he say .
 the joke is on west ham as chelsea stays top of epl <sec> chelsea beats west ham 2-0 in english premier league .  goals from john terry and diego costa .  champions manchester city keep pace at top with 3-1 win at wba .  new : crystal palace sacks boss neil warnock after 3-1 defeat to southampto .
 ringling bros. circus to resume performances after accident <sec> nine performers were injured sunday when what 's known as the human chandelier fell .  three remain in serious condition , says a spokesman .  ringling bros. and barnum & bailey circus will perform thursday in connecticu .
 stroke 'selfie ' helps save canadian woman 's life <sec> toronto-area woman documents stroke with a selfie video .  video helped her receive treatment after she was initially misdiagnosed .  doctor 's advice : `` do n't waste time on a video , just call 911 .
 ukraine pm extends a hand to protesters <sec> new : `` talk is cheap , '' says protest organizer .  opposition leaders call on the president to sack the cabinet by executive order .  ukrainian opposition fails to topple the government in a no-confidence vote .  `` if we find a fist , i say frankly , we have enough forces , '' pm azarov say .
 israel 's hotspot for migrating birds , a modern day wonder <sec> located between three continents -- europe , asia and africa , israel is at a bottleneck on the migratory birds ' flight path .  the hula valley , in the galilee , is an important resting and refueling place for migrating birds on their annual journey .  the area has become a popular spot for amateur bird watchers and ornithologist .
 fancy an ejection seat ? meet the men turning old planes into art <sec> men at motoart search boneyards for old plane parts to recycle into furniture .  they use b-25 rudders for desks , 747 jet engine cowlings for beds .  motoart prides itself on preserving aviation history with functional ar .
 aid groups say lead poisoning has killed 400 children in nigeria <sec> doctors without borders says the death toll may be even higher .  the contamination comes from villagers ' attempts to extract gold from ore .  the clean-up involves removing contaminated soil and replacing it with clean soi .
 what to do in new orleans between meals <sec> ireporters share their favorite new orleans activities .  learn how to make jambalaya at the new orleans school of cooking .  dive into history at the national world war ii museum .  escape the city with a bayou stroll in the barataria preserv .
 lsu students killed in home invasion , police say <sec> pregnant woman reportedly found husband , other man dead in apartment .  slain students were international ph.d. candidates .  apartment is on edge of university campus .  in text-message alert , campus officials urge students to be carefu .
 coach zico is leaving fenerbahce <sec> coach zico is leaving turkish club fenerbahce .  he has been unable to reach agreement over a new contract .  media reports suggest that spain coach luis aragones will replace hi .
 isis fight : congress to vote on arming syrian rebels <sec> the house could vote this week on the arming and training of syrian rebels .  vetted elements of syrian opposition forces could receive equipment to fight isis .  approval would be tied to a must-pass spending bill that expires in december .  congress is about to break for the midterm election campaignin .
 minister : chavez , gadhafi discuss mediation team for libya <sec> the venezuelan leader proposes sending a goodwill commission to mediate in libya .  `` let 's not get carried away by the drums of war , '' chavez says .  gadhafi and chavez have a close relationship .  chavez claims `` a campaign of lies is being woven '' about liby .
 a new morning in libya after gadhafi 's death <sec> at one mosque in tripoli , imam gives thanks for dictator 's downfall .  but one man said moammar gadhafi died in an 'un-islamic way ' .  some libyans still celebrating with smaller festivities . .  not everyone welcomed gadhafi 's deat .
 borussia dortmund beat guardiola 's bayern to claim german super cup <sec> former barcelona coach sees his new team lose german super cup to borussia dortmund .  two goals for marco reus help beat reigning german and european champions .  bundesliga gets underway on friday august 9 with bayern taking on monchengladbac .
 ferguson : black americans treated differently ( opinion ) <sec> kimberly norwood , a black woman and lawyer , lives in a suburb 12 miles from ferguson .  she has been ignored or seen as shoplifting risk in stores , as has her young daughter .  she notified police when her sons were walking to school so they would n't harass them .  norwood hopes ferguson will start conversation on black americans ' daily experience .
 opinion : five big questions on 2014 elections <sec> as 2014 elections loom , there are questions beyond which party controls congress .  julian zelizer asks whether mainstream gop can overcome tea party direction .  he says which argument is stronger : against obamacare , or for minimum wage hike ? .  zelizer : what impact will the politics of immigration reform have on the result .
 huge baghdad rally marks 6-year anniversary of hussein 's fall <sec> protesters shout anti-u.s. slogans , chant religious songs .  thousands of supporters of muqtada al-sadr rally in historic square .  al-sadr aide calls on iraqi government to release all sadrist detainee .
 'honor ' victim : husband issued death sentence after i asked for divorce <sec> one woman , `` zara , '' describes aftermath of her decision to ask her husband for divorce .  zara says her husband gathered up to 70 family members to home in mideast .  there zara says her mother-in-law insulted her , husband issued death sentence .  cnn unable to speak to her husband for fear it may trigger a violent reactio .
 missing couple in wyoming wrote goodbye letters , prepared to die <sec> the wathkes were touring national parks when they got stuck in wyoming .  they rationed bread and water to survive , turned heater on periodically .  rancher troy barnett had an idea where they might b .
 nato jets scrambled more than 400 times this year for russian intercepts <sec> that 's a 50 % increase in russian air activity over last year , secretary general says .  russian planes are not following air traffic control norms , jens stoltenberg says .  `` this pattern is risky and unjustified , '' he says .  stoltenberg , who 's on a trip to the baltics , says nato is n't idle as russian activity increase .
 chelsea maintain storming start to epl season as man city keep pace <sec> chelsea beat norwich 4-1 at stamford bridge .  win leaves chelsea four points clear at top of epl .  john terry and ashley cole both play .  manchester city beat sunderland 3-0 to go secon .
 how tony gilroy came back to 'bourne ' <sec> writer/director tony gilroy did n't expect to return to the 'bourne ' franchise .  what lured him back was the character of aaron cross .  star jeremy renner was like `` a ship sitting on the horizon waiting to come in and unload '' .  gilroy : there 's a much bigger [ `` bourne '' ] world the audience needs to se .
 russian pm begins china visit , $ 1 trillion gas deal on agenda <sec> russian prime minister vladimir putin arrives in beijing on two-day visit .  talks expected to include negotiations on natural gas deal worth $ 1 trillion .  experts say economic cooperation will dominate the meeting agenda .  marks putin 's first state visit since announcing his intention to contest russian presidenc .
 low-fat ? low-carbs ? answering best diet question <sec> researchers test four diets for weight-loss effectiveness .  dieting theories emphasize carbohydrates , proteins or fats .  no huge differences seen between diets , key is calorie reduction .  share your weight-loss success story with irepor .
 the future of afghanistan : 4 questions facing obama and karzai <sec> new : the two presidents agree to accelerate the military transition .  the white house has floated the idea of leaving no troops in afghanistan after 2014 .  questions include who will follow karzai and how much it will cost .  polls show a low level of interest in the war among american .
 feds relaunch border drones following crash <sec> customs officials grounded fleet after january 28 mishap .  aircraft was ditched in the pacific after its onboard generator failed , officials found .  procedures were `` properly carried out by the flight crew , '' spokesman say .
 furry pals can be partners in fitness <sec> california woman uses cat instead of barbells for exercises .  the problem of pudgy pets has spawned fitness programs for man and beast .  celebrity trainer gives advice on how humans and their animals can get into shap .
 how to relax at work <sec> even though rest is how your body rebuilds , there 's virtually no time to do it at work .  taking breaks is often the only way to prevent the error that being tired and unrested can cause .  take a one-to-three-minute unnap nap to relax yourself .  relax by concentrating on a particularly tense muscl .
 veteran to soldiers : 'it 's ok to be scared ' <sec> walt peters welcomes soldiers home , wishes `` godspeed '' to those deploying .  the vietnam veteran has greeted an estimated 20,000 soldiers since 2004 .  he says he lost sight as a result of chemical diabetes from agent orange exposur .
 'i used to see my dad in my dreams : ' syria 's orphans recall horrors of war <sec> thousands of children have lost one or both parents during syria 's brutal civil war .  the beytin orphanage in southwest turkey was established in september by the maram foundation .  `` we 're trying to raise our children away from all of the ideologies happening inside syria , '' beyti 's co-founder say .
 why do women still lag in journalism ? <sec> susan antilla : women used to be routinely harassed and passed over in newsrooms .  she says more women have gotten better posts , but men still dominate the business .  she says men have 60 % of jobs at papers , write 80 % of op-eds and get far more bylines .  antilla : women are up to 76 % of recent news grads ; what 's wrong with this picture .
 new cassette tape could hold 47 million songs <sec> sony has made a cassette tape that can store more than 1,100 ipod classics .  a single cartridge can hold 185 terabytes of data .  it may be sold , but likely not for personal medi .
 cnn student news transcript - august 19 , 2011 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of stories covered on cnn student new .
 samantha shannon 's 'bone season ' faces great expectations <sec> samantha shannon and j.k. rowling 's similar book deals created a comparison .  21-year-old author has crafted an entirely different world in `` the bone season '' .  shannon feels most confident in her skill with world-buildin .
