 who is justin ross harris ? <sec> little has emerged about father of 22-month-old boy who died in car .  but people who say they knew him praise him as a good man .  he 's charged with murder in the june 18 death of cooper harri .
 saudi cleric warns driving could damage women 's ovaries <sec> saudi cleric claims that driving affects `` a woman 's ovaries and that it pushes the pelvis upward '' .  religious leader was responding to a campaign encouraging women to defy the driving ban .  women 's rights activists , social media take soundly reject cleric 's comments .  a petition calls for women in the kingdom to drive on october 2 .
 italian news agency says naples killer has been identified <sec> surveillance video shows man shooting another man outside a store in naples , italy .  police released the video in hopes it would lead someone to come forward .  release of the video provided clues , police say ; source says killer is a man from naples .  third man in video was thought to be accomplice , but he tells newspaper he was n't involve .
 irs policies help fuel tax refund fraud , officials say <sec> thieves are stealing identities to get fast online refunds .  in tampa , criminals have netted $ 450 million in fraudulent tax return money , police say .  the irs says it has trained 40,000 employees on identity theft to deal with the proble .
 sources : benghazi suspect detained in libya <sec> libya let the fbi interview faraj al-shibli face to face , a libyan source says .  he was detained in the last two days after returning from pakistan , a source says .  authorities do n't know his involvement in the attack that left 4 americans dead .  libya 's government issued an interpol `` red notice '' seeking al-shibli 's arrest in 200 .
 congressmen leave washington ahead of looming spending cuts <sec> new : `` just to sit here by myself serves no purpose , '' says gop congressman leaving d.c . .  obama and hill leaders are set to meet friday , but hopes for progress are low .  senate rejects competing democratic and republican alternatives to the current cuts .  republicans , democrats blame each other for $ 85 billion in widely disliked spending cut .
 libyan rebels say captured cell phone videos show rape , torture <sec> cnn sees a video showing a woman being abused by two men .  cnn can not confirm when or where the video was shot .  rebels and experts claim pro-gadhafi forces are raping and torturing .  the stigma of the brutality has reportedly led a rebel commander to erase evidenc .
 doctors : haiti medical situation shameful <sec> doctors gathered sophisticated team and equipment for haiti on private plane .  they found nobody in charge , chaos , hospitals had nothing , not even elementary equipment .  plane sent with equipment ; supplies hijacked ; resupply plane not allowed in .  they say the `` lack of support for our operation by the united states is shocking .
 staying up all night to save sea turtles <sec> oscar aranda has been patrolling puerto vallarta 's beaches for the past 10 years .  he 's determined to save sea turtles from poachers , who are after the turtles ' eggs and meat .  in 2004 , aranda started the nonprofit group vallarta rescue to help his cause .  the sea turtles that nest on mexican beaches are in danger of extinctio .
 that mysterious southwest streak ? probably a fireball <sec> the object was probably the size of a basketball or baseball .  the sighting quickly becomes a hot topic on a number of social media website .  `` the 911 call center received a flood of calls , '' an arizona officer say .
 pilot identified in virginia f-15 crash <sec> lt. col. morris fontenot jr. was a member of the massachusetts air national guard .  his body was found in a remote area of virginia after his jet crashed wednesday .  he had been deployed numerous times to the middle east , received several honor .
 anti-gay church , grieving father square off over free speech , privacy <sec> westboro baptist church brings anti-gay message to soldiers ' funerals .  father of a marine who died a hero in iraq sued ; the case is now before u.s. supreme court .  the church defends its `` highly disliked '' speech as `` needing protection '' .  one other lawsuit against the church could reach the high court next yea .
 ohio rep. tubbs jones dies after aneurysm <sec> new : bush , clintons issue statements lauding tubbs jones .  rep. stephanie tubbs jones died a day after falling ill , officials say .  she was the first female black u.s. representative from ohio .  tubbs jones was to have been democratic superdelegate in denve .
 cougar kills keeper at oregon sanctuary <sec> keeper dies at oregon wild cat sanctuary .  the sanctuary says she was alone inside an enclosure .  wildcat haven sanctuary is home to rescued captive-born cat .
 dermatologist does n't think he 's jackson kids ' dad <sec> dr. arnold klein says singer seemed in good shape .  is klein father of two oldest jackson children ? .  `` not to the best of my knowledge '' .  klein will appear on `` larry king live '' on wednesday nigh .
 why gas prices vary from state to state <sec> price of a gallon of gasoline at record high national average of $ 4.086 on june 30 .  alaska has the highest gas prices in the nation , missouri has lowest .  fuel prices rising because of high demand for petroleum products worldwide .  gas taxes and ability to access fuel determine state price of gasolin .
 facebook , phones now part of election decisions <sec> facebook , twitter playing a bigger role in this year 's midterm elections .  more voters also are getting information from their phones .  a pew survey shows middle-aged voters have the biggest increase .  facebook will remind users that it 's election day on tuesda .
 explainer : why is there unrest in greece ? <sec> greece has endured unrest with youths battling police on the streets .  government has endured a rocky year as it tries to introduce economic reform .  opposition parties , unions , argue planned changes will harm workers .  greece has had a period of democracy since military junta overthrown in 1970 .
 fighting rages in ukraine ; 2 children among 13 dead <sec> 13 people , including two children , were killed in fighting , officials say .  violence on sunday prevented teams from going to mh17 crash site .  ukraine claims russia sending more troops to towns near borde .
 são paulo radio station teaches old media new tricks <sec> radarcultura is a daily 3-hour radio program and community web site .  its father foundation boasts the biggest archive of brazilian music in brazil .  web site invites members to create playlists , vote on , suggest music for air .  radarcultura also covers live culture and technology event .
 u.s. calls for mali coup leaders to step down <sec> new : a state department spokesman urges presidential elections .  the economic community of west african states has given the junta a deadline .  give back power within 72 hours or face sanctions , ecowas says .  a military junta ousted mali 's president last wee .
 would-be assassin john hinckley gets longer visits at mother 's home <sec> hinckley attempted to kill president ronald reagan in 1981 .  he and others were shot outside hotel in washington .  hinckley is confined to a washington psychiatric hospital .  he is allowed limited visits to his mother 's home in virgini .
 charges against jena 6 defendant reduced <sec> charges against bryant purvis reduced to second degree aggravated battery .  purvis had faced attempted murder , conspiracy charges .  charges reduced against at least five of six blacks charged in beating .  case of `` jena 6 '' drew national spotlight during september protes .
 pride group : chick-fil-a does n't fund most divisive groups <sec> campus pride says it received philanthropic foundation 's tax forms .  winshape foundation quit funding some controversial groups in 2011 , official says .  chick-fil-a president sparked debate last year with comments on same-sex marriage .  campus pride 's leader says he 's developed relationship with chick-fil-a chie .
 u.s. economy heading straight for the cliff <sec> experts warn of a drastic hit to u.s. economy if politicians do n't avert `` fiscal cliff '' .  u.s. faces scary combination of the mounting debt , tax cut expirations , spending cuts .  amitai etzioni : we ca n't afford to wait for after the election to deal with these issues .  he says markets , credit agencies often anticipate events , rather than wait for them to happe .
 'cheap china ' era ends as factory workers wise up <sec> one u.s. middle man in china says `` the jobs have left '' .  chinese workers are demanding better pay , conditions .  u.s. election campaigns are playing to blue-collar fears .  jobs wo n't return to the u.s. , schwall says , asking `` where will they land .
 q & a ; : gaza strikes could be beginning of ground attack <sec> israel says its attack was in response to hamas rocket attacks .  it is the most serious offensive in gaza since 2009 .  israel says contingency plans for a ground attack are in plac .
 aap : health benefits of circumcision outweigh the risks <sec> american academy of pediatrics says circumcision should be covered by insurance .  many parents choose the procedure for religious , hygiene or cosmetic reasons .  aap 's previous policy took a more neutral stance on circumcisio .
 'chuck 's ' sarah lancaster welcomes a son <sec> sarah lancaster and her hudband welcomed their son in june .  oliver michael jacobs was born in los angeles .  the `` chuck '' star wed matthew jacobs earlier this year in southern californi .
 mother of isis hostage begs for mercy <sec> mother of hostage sends message to isis : `` please release him '' .  japan has said it would try to talk to isis through third parties about the two hostages .  isis ' deadline for japan to pay $ 200 million ransom is believed to expire frida .
 justices to review greenhouse gas regulation <sec> coalition of states , utilities is challenging the government 's authority to limit air pollution .  at issue is whether the epa can tighten emission standards for all greenhouse gas sources .  the government says the tighter rules are an attempt to stem the effects of global warming .  business groups say regulations are hurting the economy and stifling innovatio .
 madagascar calms after rioting , deaths <sec> new : at least 48 people die in the violence in madagascar , official says .  after two days of violence and looting , relative calms settles over country .  further violence looms as anti-government protesters gather .  united states is calling for calm and pushing for dialogue between side .
 review : 'lego pirates of the caribbean ' <sec> game has great humor and animation , appeal for all ages , and massive replayability .  each `` pirates '' movie is broken down into five gaming levels .  one drawback to the game is the two player co-op pla .
 spring breakers skip cancun for volunteer work <sec> `` alternative '' spring breaks are becoming more popular among college students .  the programs center on community service .  trips may address hunger and homelessness , disaster relief and global warming .  the average domestic trip costs around $ 250 or $ 30 .
 a libertarian ashore in the worker 's paradise <sec> tampa engineer joshua hakken is now a fugitive .  the ron paul fan and his family await expulsion from communist cuba .  hakken and his wife are accused of abducting their sons after losing custody .  some on a web forum he frequented cheered his escap .
 korea 's most outrageous sauna : spa land <sec> spa land centum city offers refined , upscale spa experience .  even spa-jaded koreans are awestruck by this state-of-the-art spa .  water in spa land 's baths comes from hot springs 100 meters underground .  walls of pyramid room are set at a 52-degree angle to `` collect energies from the universe .
 opinion roundup : why we 're still debating guns <sec> this week , cnn tv and cnn.com take an in-depth look at the issue of guns in america .  cnn opinion rounded up a selection of provocative op-eds from both sides of the debate .  john donohue : it 's the gun manufacturers who oppose universal background checks .  rand paul : i am compelled to stand up for the second amendment to bear arm .
 soldier accused of afghan sport killings faces second day of hearing <sec> pfc . .  andrew holmes is one of five soldiers accused of killing afghans for sport .  soldiers are also accused of mutilating corpses and keeping grisly souvenirs .  a special agent testifies finding fingers wrapped in cloth at an air base .  holmes ' attorney has said his client did not kill any civilia .
 'mommy porn ' novel has retro message <sec> april alliston and susan greenfield say `` mommy porn '' novel a big hit .  they ask : is `` fifty shades of grey '' about women 's sexual freedom or their debasement ? .  they say plot device is centuries old : older man dominates younger woman .  writers : times have changed , but political rhetoric , social norms still not good for wome .
 young muslims turn to technology to connect , challenge traditions <sec> the number of young muslims using the web is rising , experts say .  they 're using it to express themselves and connect with others .  these tools also are providing a way to organize socially and politicall .
 south africa recalls ambassador to rwanda <sec> new : amnesty international is urging rwanda to hold a fair and free election .  diplomatic fallout began after president paul kagame 's rival was shot in johannesburg .  rwandan authorities have questioned south africa 's ambassador about the incident .  south africa : the envoy 's recall does not mean an end to diplomatic tie .
 vatican : cardinals still to arrive in rome <sec> some cardinals will only arrive in rome on monday or tuesday , vatican says .  they are gathering for a series of meetings held before the secret election for a new pope .  the cardinals must set a date for the conclave .  benedict xvi resigned thursday , the first pope to do so in decade .
 18,000 held in bangladesh 'political crackdown ' <sec> bangladesh police have detained or arrested 18,000 people in 11 days .  human rights groups decry the actions as politically motivated .  round-ups began after parties refused to cooperate with military governmen .
 ted kennedy recalled as n. ireland peace broker <sec> sen. edward kennedy praised as influential in northern ireland peace process .  former uk prime minister tony blair says kennedy `` committed '' to peace .  irish prime minister brian cowen : kennedy `` a great friend of ireland .
 science fiction writer harlan ellison to be inducted into hall of fame <sec> ellison , 77 , has been writing for 55 years .  writer was influential in `` new wave '' that was character-driven .  he is a best-seller who is unknown by many readers , experts say .  ellison has several new projects about to be release .
 envoy : 2013 could bring 100,000 deaths in syria <sec> new : at least 143 people were killed sunday , a syrian opposition group says .  syria says its military killed terrorists who were attacking orchards .  saturday may have been the deadliest day of the conflict .  there could be 100,000 deaths in syria next year , envoy say .
 in eastern ukraine , polls close amid allegations of double-voting <sec> polls close ; results are expected later .  pro-russian separatist denies allegations of voter election fraud .  cnn crew sees some voting twice at one polling station .  kiev and west have condemned vote as illegitimat .
 many cities celebrating july fourth without a bang <sec> the nation hosts about 14,000 fireworks shows each independence day .  many shows have been canceled or downsized because of frail city budgets .  joliet , illinois , residents chipped in money to put on show , station reports .  mississippi town gets mixed reaction to tripling its fireworks budget , station report .
 las vegas ' best new attractions <sec> the barrymore is the best place for an evening of modernized rat pack glamour .  the mob museums opens valentine 's day 2012 in a former courthouse where organized crime hearings were held .  starting next year , wayne newton will be opening the doors of his mansion to the publi .
 american truffles : sniffing out a dream <sec> american truffle production is in its infancy .  tom the truffle dog from tennessee has led the pack in truffle hunting .  the tennessee truffle yield spiked years ago and has been inconsistent sinc .
 tsa rolling out new screening procedures for children <sec> tsa responds to criticism of pat downs for children with new procedures .  children will be allowed several passes through machines .  options will include swabbing hands for explosive residue .  official says it will take time to train all agents to implement procedure .
 9 things everyone should know about the drug molly <sec> molly is a drug that used to be the powder or crystal form of mdma , or ecstasy .  now , molly is more often made up of a toxic mix of lab-created chemicals .  almost all the chemicals in molly and other synthetic drugs come from laboratories in china .  the dea says using molly is like playing russian roulett .
 army honors dead , searches for motive in fort hood shootings <sec> new : fort hood holds candlelight vigil for victims of shooting .  residents of killeen , texas , complex say suspect gave them qurans .  watch a cnn special investigation on the shootings , saturday at 8 p.m . .  et on cnn t .
 bolshoi ballet rejects allegations against dancer in acid attack <sec> the bolshoi ballet cast and crew issue an open letter standing by the plot 's alleged mastermind .  the letter suggests illegal methods in obtaining pavel dmitrichenko 's confession .  police say their investigators are acting honestly .  the ballet wants an independent commission to investigat .
 weight loss success : hypnosis helped her lose 140 lbs <sec> julie evans lost 140 pounds after having gastric bypass surgery hypnosis .  after hypnosis , evans says she believed her stomach was smaller , so she ate less .  evans has maintained her goal weight for more than 3 year .
 what kim 's 'mystery woman ' says about north korea <sec> mystery woman seen with north korean leader sparks speculation .  south korean media speculates she could be his sister , girlfriend or wife .  north korean expert said private lives of leaders shrouded in secrecy .  woman 's presence was sign kim was trying to soften his image , lankov sai .
 ricky gervais is far from unpleasant <sec> ricky gervais plays misanthropic dentist in `` ghost town , '' now out on dvd .  role was `` me , '' he says , `` something i could have written '' .  gervais rose to fame with uk `` office , '' `` extras .
 mohamed morsy gets trial date as egypt turmoil continues <sec> mohamed morsy and 14 other muslim brotherhood members will stand trial next month .  morsy faces charges related to his alleged involvement in violence , state media reports .  he has been kept in detention since the military removed him from office in july .  the u.s. may announce it is cutting some military aid to egypt , u.s. officials sa .
 the woman next to the clippers ' owner : what 's known about v. stiviano <sec> v. stiviano is being sued by the wife of clippers owner donald sterling .  stiviano 's attorney says she did n't release the tape that had racist comments .  sterling 's wife filed a suit against her , claiming she received lavish gift .
 body scanning 'woefully inadequate ' abroad , experts say <sec> body-scanning technology to detect threats not widely used abroad .  `` we ca n't have gaping holes that terrorists can exploit , '' security expert said .  homeland security department taking layered , risk-based approac .
 woman tells lawmakers about son 's bullying , suicide <sec> house education and labor committee holds hearing on school bullying .  11-year-old carl joseph walker-hoover hanged himself april 6 .  boy had been subject to `` relentless '' bullying , mother says .  one expert calls bullying a national crisi .
 man , girl found dead in vehicle belonging to amber alert suspect <sec> new : a sheriff 's spokesman says `` when you end up with cases like this , it 's tough '' .  authorities are not yet identifying the bodies in the vehicle .  the vehicle belongs to mourad `` moni '' samaan .  samaan has been suspected of abducting his 2-year-old daughte .
 french yacht smashes another world record <sec> l'hydroptere is the new fastest yacht over 500 meters and one nautical mile .  the boat is based in marseille and is skippered by frenchman alain thebault .  the crew are now poised to pass the 100 kilometers per hour mark ( 54 knots .
 france confirms death of senior al qaeda militant in mali <sec> france confirms the death of senior islamist militant abdelhamid abou zeid .  abou zeid was a commander of al qaeda in the islamic maghreb .  french and african forces have been fighting islamist militants in mali since january .  abou zeid was killed in the ifoghas mountains , where the hunt for militants continue .
