 trial : graphic photos , how-to-kidnap searches found on computer used by cop <sec> nypd officer gilberto valle is charged with conspiracy to kidnap .  prosecutors say he was `` deadly serious '' about online plans to kill and cannibalize women .  the defense argues it was a `` pure fiction '' fantasy .  valle 's lawyers say it 's possible he will take the stan .
 butter battles margarine from beginning <sec> butter was big business , and margarine , a cheaper substitute , terrified dairy farmers .  lawmakers put a tax on margarine , banned dyeing it yellow .  from 1886 until 1948 , canadian law banned any and all margarine .  wisconsin did n't allow dyed margarine until 196 .
 newsquiz : week of february 21 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  you 've heard many different places mentioned this week on cnn student news .  show you know your news by identifying the location described in each clue .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 congress should hold off on iran sanctions ( opinion ) <sec> congress has been discussing whether to impose more sanctions on iran .  richard nephew : movement of such legislation still risks sparking escalatory cycl .
 quake , tsunami near american samoa kills at least 22 <sec> new : white house declares major disaster ; orders federal aid .  u.s. sending plane with aid , officials to help american samoa .  magnitude-8.0 quake strikes near samoan islands early tuesday .  quake struck at depth of 7.4 miles , triggered three 5-foot tsunami .
 family of tsarnaev associate killed by fbi plans to sue <sec> ibragim todashev was killed during a 2013 fbi interrogation .  his family has filed a notice that it plans to the sue the fbi for $ 30 million .  todashev was an associate of boston marathon bombing suspect tamerlan tsarnae .
 cheney , halliburton may settle nigerian charges <sec> energy firm , former vice president charged with bribery .  they may agree to plea deal requiring payment of $ 250 million , nigerian official says .  case involves allegations of bribes to nigerian officials for natural gas project .  halliburton pleaded guilty to bribery charges in u.s. last yea .
 an uphill battle to combat latino childhood obesity <sec> a disproportionately high number of latino-american families struggle with obesity .  programs designed specifically for latino children have had mixed results .  economic factors play a major role for many latinos in their weight struggles .  exercise , and whether or not children feel safe to play , is another facto .
 cnn student news - february 6 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call . .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 dear cicadas : before you buzz off , some things you missed <sec> 17-year cicada variety known as brood ii has been invading several states .  these cicadas were last seen in 1996 , when things were different .  here 's some things missed after 17 years in hiding .  what would you add to this letter ? .  share your thoughts in the comment .
 milan waste chance to close gap on inter <sec> milan waste a golden opportunity to close the gap on leaders inter at the top of serie a .  cristiano lucarelli pokes home an equalizer as livorno draw 1-1 at the san siro .  milan are eight points behind leaders inter , whose match against parma was postpone .
 do n't deny peaceful protests in west bank <sec> bill fletcher says it is common to mistakenly bemoan lack of peaceful palestinians .  he says israel portrays nonviolent protests in west bank as extremist .  amnesty international has denounced crackdowns on nonviolent protest , he says .  fletcher : israel denies nonviolent activists so it can claim it has no partner for peac .
 paulinho 's first tour victory brings comfort for radioshack team <sec> portugal 's sergio paulinho wins stage ten of the tour de france .  paulinho hands lance armstrong 's radioshack team their first tour victory .  the top ten riders in the general classification standings were unchanged after stage te .
 review : 'titans ' reigns as enjoyably cheesy film <sec> sam worthington plays the role of perseus in `` clash of the titans . '' .  the story of perseus , the bastard son of zeus who takes on the mighty kraken .  there 's no excuse for the film 's abominable retro-fitted 3 .
 u.s. nuclear weapons : military nuke officers beset by recent scandals <sec> 34 nuclear air force officers are accused of cheating or not reporting cheating .  last year , a general who oversaw nuclear weapons was relieved of his duties .  air force report : the general was intoxicated and acting inappropriately on an official trip to russia .  another nuclear officer lost his job after allegations he used counterfeit gambling chips at a casin .
 can abortion be de-stigmatized ? ( opinion ) <sec> carol costello : new strategy over abortion rights recalls maude dustup in 1972 .  after that tv avoided abortion ; now activists working to remove stigma .  she says emily letts showed video of her abortion ; writers , pols discuss theirs .  costello : anti-abortion activists say they 're winning anyway , stigma of abortion remain .
 the case for captive animals <sec> john nightingale says death of whale trainer raises questions about displaying captive animals .  urbanization make zoos , aquariums vital to education , understanding , he says .  such institutions show why preserving environments is important , he says .  nightingale : seeing creatures up close makes people more inclined to conservatio .
 native americans still fighting ignorance at plimoth <sec> native americans at famed pilgrim site work to counter misconceptions .  some visitors make hurtful remarks about alcohol or genocide .  it 's a `` delicate procedure '' to dispel myths , native staffer say .
 genarlow wilson : plea deal would have left me without a home <sec> genarlow wilson : accepting plea deal would have left him without a home .  wilson , 21 , promises to be more conservative , alert and thankful in future .  he plans to study sociology in college -- `` i feel like i 've been living my major '' .  wilson served two years in prison after consensual oral sex with teen gir .
 domestic terror threat growing , senate committee warns <sec> committee focused on recruitment of somali-americans by group with al qaeda ties .  hearing highlighted case of the first suicide bombing by a naturalized u.s. citizen .  recruitment is a result of `` refugee experience '' and `` isolation , '' official say .
 tsa orders 're-tests ' of radiation levels on airport body scanners <sec> the tsa characterizes problems as `` record-keeping errors '' .  a senator says the tsa found problems with a quarter of reports reviewed .  a house subcommittee will hold a hearing on tsa oversight of the scanners next wee .
 recent controversies overshadow chris dodd 's career <sec> dodd faced deaths of sister and sen. kennedy , was treated for prostate cancer last year .  democrat is connecticut 's longest-serving senator .  he suffered blows to reputation in the past year , was facing tough re-election bid .  throughout his career , dodd has focused on children 's issue .
 cactus prick sparks mcilroy revival in texas <sec> rory mcilroy 's form improves after an encounter with a cactus at the texas open .  the former world no . .  1 cards five-under 67 to be two shots off the lead .  he is hoping to improve his form ahead of next week 's masters at augusta .  american billy horschel leads pga tour event after finishing with two birdie .
 la cops stalked by suspect -- and a brutal past <sec> suspect christopher dorner 's manifesto says he is waging war against `` corrupt '' lapd .  lawyers , analysts , others say the department has improved since earlier scandals .  rodney king beating , rampart evidence-planting scandals led to court oversight , reforms .  dorner trained to be an officer , but lapd alleged he filed a false report of excessive forc .
 acm awards 2014 : miranda lambert dominates , george strait reigns <sec> miranda lambert won female vocalist of the year for the fifth year in a row .  keith urban was also a big winner thanks to their duet , `` we were us '' .  george strait was awarded the night 's top trophy , entertainer of the yea .
 search for suspected cop killer yields pipe bombs <sec> discovery of two pipe bomb confirms eric matthew frein 's presence in wooded area , investigator says .  suspect may have been spotted within the past 24 hours .  he is being sought in the death of cpl . .  byron dickson in a september 12 ambus .
 for china 's dissidents , a long , hopeful struggle <sec> chen guangcheng 's mother lives with memories of guards in their home .  dissident hu jia says chinese authorities are playing cat-and-mouse games .  new breed of activists make mark in china , posing threat to the communist part .
 india : testing shows 2,000 percent rise in child hiv cases <sec> expanded testing across india shows 2,000 percent jump in child hiv cases .  increase in confirmed cases may be due to the expanded testing .  number up from 2,253 in 2006 to 52,973 , according to statistic .
 judge grants stay of execution for serial killer joseph paul franklin <sec> new : another judge grants a second stay on a separate defense appeal .  new : `` we 're hoping the stays stay in place , '' says defense attorney .  joseph paul franklin had been set to die shortly after midnight tuesday .  he faced execution for a 1977 killing outside a st. louis synagogu .
 this month on road to rio <sec> this month road to rio stops off in india to check out some green initiatives there .  the team first finds new modes of transportation helping to cut carbon in new delhi .  they also look into how indians use renewable energy as an alternative power source .  plus , the program explores some of the green landmarks in the countr .
 egypt vote puts legitimacy of military-backed government to the test <sec> new : polls close after two days of voting on a draft constitution .  security forces arrest 125 people on second day of vote , first day marred by violence .  the draft constitution would put more power in the hands of the military .  hundreds have died amid political turmoil in egypt over the past three year .
 uk demands release of israeli soldier gilad shalit <sec> shalit has been held captive since june 2006 .  he 's had no contact with the red cross .  his father is urging a prisoner swa .
 nasa scientist stofan : 'indications ' of alien life by 2025 <sec> nasa chief scientist ellen stofan believes we 're close to finding alien life .  indications within a decade ; definitive evidence within `` 20 to 30 years , '' she said .  finding water on other celestial bodies is key to determinatio .
 suicide bombing kills six in pakistan <sec> suicide bomber kills six people after early explosion attracts crowd .  attack happened in pakistan 's volatile north west frontier province .  four residents and two police officers were killed , and 20 others injured .  pakistan has been battling taliban and al qaeda militants in the provinc .
 poptech : 5 fascinating people you 've never heard of <sec> poptech is a yearly conference that focuses on tech and social change .  the speakers are n't household names , but they 're working to change the world .  among them : a 13-year-old solar power developer ; a man who sees with his ear .
 cnn student news transcript : november 2 , 2010 <sec> witness the final push leading up to today 's midterm elections .  find out how yemen is responding to a suspected terrorist plot .  discover why some job hunters are polishing up on proper etiquette .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 8 days , 5 stories of humans being amazing <sec> recent days have seen a spate of heroics .  teens on bicycles thwart kidnapping in pennsylvania .  river guide gets one chance to save unconscious man .  stuntmen at comic-con perform real-life rescu .
 bad weather strands trekkers near mount everest <sec> the u.s. embassy in katmandu says more than 1,500 trekkers are stranded .  aircraft have been unable to fly in or out of lukla .  supplies in the remote town are limited , the embassy say .
 sea dwellers without a state <sec> the badjao have lived off the shore of northeast borneo for more than 200 years .  guillem valle took underwater portraits of them as part of his project on stateless peopl .
 egypt : detained al jazeera journalists and others face criminal trial <sec> prosecutors say three detained al jazeera journalists are among 20 people to face trial .  peter greste , mohamed fadel fahmy and baher mohamed have been in jail for a month .  they are accused of holding illegal meetings with the banned muslim brotherhood .  16 of the defendants are egyptian ; charges they face include belonging to terror grou .
 delta tweet was big giraffe gaffe <sec> airline 's tweet indicated that it thought giraffes are native to ghana ; they are not .  delta deleted the tweet , but twitter users have fun at airline 's expens .
 review : google maps puts apple maps to shame <sec> review : new google maps for iphone puts apple 's maps to shame .  new offering is superb , but not perfect .  accuracy , navigation and public transit all better on google 's tool .  apple dumped google maps on its newest operating system , ios .
 baltimore 's riots and 'the purge ' <sec> some of baltimore 's unrest may have been inspired by the `` purge '' movies .  movies are about a dystopian america where all crime is temporarily lega .
 rare apple 1 computer sold for $ 671,000 <sec> only 200 apple 1s were made , and only six are believed to be in working order .  rare apple 1 computer sells for $ 671,000 at auction .  the working apple 1 was auctioned in germany to an asian buye .
 woman attacked by bison : 'i thought i was going to die ' <sec> attack happened at yellowstone national park in wyoming .  utah resident was trying to get a closer look at the animal .  `` he got me and flung me up in the air , '' she say .
 why we need women journalists on the front lines <sec> ap photographer was killed and reporter shot last week in afghanistan .  frida ghitis says the two women provided compelling angles on key world stories .  she says women belong on front lines , have an ability to highlight human concerns .  ghitis : we are still seeing the world mostly through the eyes of male journalist .
 emmy nominations 2014 : what we learned <sec> the 2014 emmy nominations were announced thursday .  the 66th ceremony will be held on august 25 .  `` late night 's '' seth meyers will hos .
 british airways buys french all-business carrier <sec> british airways has bought french all-business carrier l'avion for £54 million .  the airline will be integrated into its e.u.-u.s. openskies subsidiary .  if approved , full integration is expected in early 200 .
 taliban fighters pounded by pakistani forces <sec> pakistani military pounds taliban fighters , killing 35 in swat valley offensive an estimated 40,000 people flee city of mingora as forces clash .  500,000 civilians expected to flee swat valley area as offensive continues .  pakistani president zardari meeting u.s. president obama wednesda .
 how to take a volunteer vacation <sec> ritz-carlton recently launched give back getaways at 62 properties .  volunteers can help orphaned children in kenya with micato safaris .  ask about environmental practices and contributions to local communitie .
 ahmadinejad 's hug and the future of chavez 's alliance <sec> eduardo j. gómez : ahmadinejad criticized back home for hugging chávez 's mother .  he says support in iran may be waning for alliance with venezuela .  chavez bankrolled anti-u.s. alliance , but new leaders may not want to , he says .  gómez : nations in latin america may see benefits of improved relations with u.s .
 father of oregon school shooter : 'we are at a loss ' <sec> jared padgett killed one student and injured a teacher .  he died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound .  `` we are horrified and distraught , '' writes his fathe .
 tiger woods , agent join excel sports management <sec> new : woods will follow his agent to excel sports management .  the former world no . .  1 has still not recovered from injuries to his left leg .  three-time winner woods also missed the 2008 british open after knee surger .
 pin-up girl ivanovic caught short in austrian culture shock <sec> ana ivanovic penalized a game after needing an emergency toilet break in austria .  serbian blames her pre-match snack of yyogurtafter leaving the court against rules .  seventh seed recovers to reach quarterfinals , where she will play julia gorges of germany .  israeli third seed shahar peer reaches the last eight at the hp japan women 's ope .
 french judge questions chirac over corruption <sec> authorities are investigating jacques chirac over alleged corruption charges .  officials believe the alleged charges stem from his time as mayor of paris .  chirac could face a five-year prison sentence and a $ 107,500 fine .  the former president denies the allegation .
 young double secures vital man united win at tottenham <sec> epl champions manchester united win 3-0 at tottenham hotspur .  two goals from ashley young seal valuable three points .  newcastle grab late equalizer in north-east derby against sunderland .  fulham beat struggling sunderland 5-0 at craven cottag .
 opinion : how u.s. can budget for future <sec> john thune , tim kaine : washinton 's fiscal thinking does n't account for long term .  they say congress , administration must analyze budget moves for future effect .  they say their new bill -- inform -- would require this and account for fiscal gaps .  writers : lawmakers must be honest about long-term challenges for futur .
 witness : tamerlan tsarnaev admitted to boston bombing <sec> testimony focuses on carjacking after the boston marathon bombings .  dun meng says one of carjackers admitted to being a bomber and to killing an mit office .
 the case of tripoli 's disappearing bronze nude <sec> a landmark statue has disappeared from a roundabout in libya 's capital , tripoli .  the bronze statue of a naked woman stroking a gazelle dated from the italian colonial era .  islamist militants had previously branded the statue immoral and threatened to remove it .  the cultural ministry said the `` vandalism '' was an attempt to obliterate libya 's histor .
 prosecutors : teen 's plan to attack school included napalm , guns , music <sec> plan called for firebombs , firearms and background music , affidavit says .  grant acord , 17 , did n't enter a plea during video appearance ; bond set at $ 2 million .  an attorney for the suspect 's mother says teen has rare form of ocd .  new : authorities say student tip led to arres .
 weather service urges motorists in chicago to stay off roads <sec> weather service : `` hundreds if not thousands of vehicles have gone off the roads '' .  state police rescue the occupants of 20 cars stranded in kankakee county .  snow drifts in the area are measured around 3 fee .
 state layoffs hit family 's two breadwinners <sec> government shutdown results in dual layoffs for st. paul , minnesota , family .  democrats , republicans at odds on how to pay for state budget gap .  both parents ' jobs were deemed `` nonessential '' by the state .  they fear they 'll have to dip into kids ' college savings to surviv .
 phone jailbreaking should stay legal , web freedom advocates say <sec> advocates want iphone 'jailbreaking ' to stay legal .  jailbreaking lets users change carriers or download apps not in the apple store .  groups also want a legal exemption added for ipads , video game console .
 obama 's bid to shoot down u.s. jet fighter <sec> u.s. president obama faces battle with congress over new f-22 raptor .  obama , defense secretary gates do n't want any more of the $ 350m fighter jets .  many in congress see f-22 as way of protecting defense industry jobs .  obama has threatened to veto legislation ordering more fighter jet .
