 turkey : 49 hostages seized by isis released <sec> hostages included the consul general of the turkish consulate in mosul .  his family and other citizens who were at the consulate were also abducted .  it 's unclear how they were freed , but erdogan thanked turkish intelligence official .
 'ghost train ' hunter killed by train in north carolina <sec> `` ghost train '' hunter killed by train near statesville , north carolina .  group was on bostian bridge , site of 1891 tragedy .  legends sprang up after 30 people killed in wrec .
 windows 95 turns 15 : has microsoft 's os peaked ? <sec> windows 95 added a number of core features such as the start menu and taskbar .  windows and microsoft office remain the engine driving the vast majority of the company 's profits .  the question is whether windows can outpace what we call the generic web experienc .
 opinion : america must end the genocide in syria <sec> jeff greene : with over 100,000 syrians killed , another genocide has come to pass .  greene : america has a moral obligation to help those who are being slaughtered .  he says we may not want role of the world 's policeman , but at times we have no choice .  greene : in this season of rosh hashanah , let 's lend a helping hand to people in syri .
 nypd officers killed ; new york ex-governor slams mayor <sec> new : ex-mayor rudy giuliani blasts comments from former gov . .  george pataki .  pataki blames mayor bill de blasio , ag eric holder for `` anti-cop rhetoric '' supporting protests .  officials , public outraged over the killings .  police officers turn their backs on the mayor at a news conferenc .
 finnish police identify massacre victims <sec> eight females , two males killed after gunman rampaged through college .  pm calls for tighter gun controls after shootings in southern finland .  gunman was issued with a temporary gun license last month .  govt . .  to probe the fact police interviewed gunman a day before the shooting .
 title leader alonso fit for monza after belgian grand prix horror crash <sec> fernando alonso says he will be fit to race at this weekend 's italian grand prix .  spaniard recovers from shoulder injury sustained in crash at spa .  lotus driver romain grosjean will be replaced by jerome d'ambrosio .  grosjean was banned for one race for part in accident in belgiu .
 u.s. diplomatic cables say castro rejected colostomy <sec> the decision risked castro 's life , the cables say .  the cables were published by wikileaks .  a colostomy is sometimes recommended to treat diverticuliti .
 why middle class has taken a big hit <sec> federal reserve released survey showing average family losing 38.8 % of net worth .  dean baker : few surprised that the average american is poorer than before .  he says alan greenspan could have tried to contain the housing bubble .  baker : americans should not tolerate a society in which wealth inequality widen .
 internet , wall street unimpressed by new iphones <sec> new iphones fail to impress wall street , some bloggers and analysts .  iphone 5s and 5c saw upgrades , but not overhauls .  but some say it 's not fair to expect major innovation from apple every year .  analyst : apple 'does not walk on others ' paths .
 al-sadr extends mehdi army cease-fire <sec> new : iraqi prime minister welcomes al-sadr stand down order .  influential shiite cleric gives stand-down order another six months .  15 bodies found in mass grave near baquba , iraqi official says .  unicef reports measles outbreak in anbar provinc .
 how russian , chinese gangs connect to a bank in andorra <sec> the u.s. treasury is casting a spotlight on the alleged misdeeds of senior managers at the banca privada d'andorra .  the andorran authorities took over the running of the bank after the treasury revelation .
 partizan wo n't appeal uefa cup ban <sec> serbian club partizan belgrade are thrown out of this year 's uefa cup .  rioting fans caused a hold-up during their tie at serbia 's zrinjski mostar .  partizan , who won 6-1 , are unlikely to appeal against uefa 's verdic .
 drake apologizes for rolling stone rant <sec> drake lashed out at rolling stone on twitter .  the rapper was upset that his cover had been replaced with philip seymour hoffman .  he was also upset over a quote he said was n't right .  he later apologized for his reactio .
 'easy rider ' actor dennis hopper dies <sec> american film icon dennis hopper dies of prostate cancer at california home .  funeral arrangements unclear , but he wanted to be buried in taos , new mexico , wife says .  he is best known for his roles in 1969 film `` easy rider , '' 1986 's `` hoosiers , '' recent tv spots .  his career as a performer and director spanned six decade .
 10 of the world 's most beautiful ice skating rinks <sec> ottawa 's rideau canal is a natural rink stretching 7.8 kilometers long .  skaters at moscow 's red square rink can enjoy the christmas lights decorating the kremlim .  winter in sydney sees bondi beach become an ice rink in june and jul .
 tea party protests are a good thing <sec> tea party supporters have protested against taxes , big government .  roland martin says their protests should be welcomed as expression of basic rights .  he says tea party supporters should note taxes on middle class are at historically low levels .  martin : those who disagree with tea party should demonstrate to air their view .
 bail denied for man accused in fatal florida movie theater shooting <sec> lawyer : curtis reeves will appeal bail ruling , looks forward to trial .  chad oulson 's wife says she 's `` very happy and relieved '' .  judge pat siracusa sides with prosecutors , who said reeves should n't be allowed bail .  reeves is charged with murder in the shooting of a man who allegedly texted in a theate .
 review : 'guardians of the galaxy ' <sec> marvel took a risk with `` guardians of the galaxy , '' but it pays off .  director james gunn helms with a light touch .  chris pratt is a natural as leading ma .
 italy shipwreck : scores dead after boat sinks off lampedusa island <sec> new : 154 people have been rescued after boat capsizes and burns , a doctor says .  pope francis calls for concerted action to prevent future tragedies like this .  lampedusa is a major destination for refugees seeking to enter the eu from afric .
 massive african lake could dry up , u.n. agency says <sec> lake chad could dry up in 20 years , u.n. 's food and agriculture organization says .  lake supports livelihoods of 30 million people .  in 2001 , lake was one-fifth of 1963 size .  climate change , population pressure fuel lake 's decline , agency say .
 study reveals the many faces of terrorism <sec> recent terror alert renews concern about al qaeda , authors say .  their study shows domestic terrorism often comes from non-islamist sources .  non-islamist terrorists have been more likely to seek unconventional weapons , they say .  authors : in u.s. , islamist terrorism no more deadly than other forms since 9/1 .
 crippled cruise ship returns ; passengers happy to be back <sec> carnival ceo going on board ship to apologize to passengers .  carnival cruise lines says it will take up to five hours for everyone to disembark .  one passenger says conditions not so bad , others disagree .  most say crew members have done great job after the ship was disabled by an engine fir .
 new conspiracy claim in princess diana death sparks talk <sec> ministry of defence says claim is for civilian police to deal with .  but police seem to be knocking down claim that commandos were involved in diana 's death .  allegation emerged amid collapse of soldier 's marriage .  london police stress they are not re-investigating , merely assessing credibilit .
 koreas on 'brink of war ' because of seoul , pyongyang says <sec> the south provoked shelling by holding a military drill , the north says .  south korea holds the exercises every year off the koreas ' shared coast .  the south finds two more bodies following tuesday 's shelling .  the u.s. and south korea plan a joint military drill starting sunda .
 downturn blamed as kawasaki quit motogp <sec> kawasaki quit motogp circuit blaming global economic downturn for decision .  kawasaki joined other japanese manufacturers in pulling out of motorsport .  john hopkins and marco melandri due to ride for kawasaki in the 2009 seaso .
 libyan leader threatens to bomb north korean oil tanker <sec> a north korean-flagged tanker enters a rebel-held oil port in eastern libya .  prime minister : it `` will be bombed '' if the ship 's captain does n't follow orders .  the captain allegedly said militia on board the vessel did n't let him leave the port .  libya has n't been able to profit from its immense oil resources due to instabilit .
 powerful winter storm pushes east <sec> new : low visibility causes ground delays at three new york-area airports .  new : possible tornadoes touch down in georgia , maryland .  new : high winds strike parts of the southeast , mid-atlantic .  storm is expected to affect the upper midwest , great lakes and northeas .
 thanksgiving power outages hit the northeast <sec> new hampshire hardest hit by outages : more than 133,000 still without power friday .  more than 100,000 in maine had now power for thanksgiving .  one mainer tweeted , `` my mom is chopping breadcrumbs with a flashlight .
 generation 'text ' : fb me <sec> larry rosen says in third quarter of 2009 , average teen had 3,146 text messages .  there are four generations now , he says ; oldest use phones , youngest anything but .  for young people , electronic communication is not about technology , it 's just life , he says .  rosen : next generation is highly social , successful and plugged in . .  it 's time to get used to i .
 morgan freeman inhales helium on fallon show <sec> morgan freeman goes high-pitched on fallon 's show .  host asked actor if he 'd inhale helium .  freeman gamely went along with ide .
 avicii cancels ultra festival performance to undergo surgery <sec> the swedish artist was hospitalized with severe abdominal pains .  he became an international star as a dj and producer in electronic danc .
 'calorie commando ' pleads not guilty in alleged murder plot <sec> former host of food network 's `` calorie commando '' pleads not guilty .  juan-carlos cruz is accused of trying to hire homeless men to kill his wife .  police say a homeless man came to them with information about cruz .  cruz remains behind bars pending a $ 2 million bond paymen .
 duke university : student admits hanging noose on campus <sec> student is no longer on duke university campus and will face disciplinary review .  school officials identified student during investigation and the person admitted to hanging the noose , duke says .  the noose , made of rope , was discovered on campus about 2 a.m .
 oscar nominations announced <sec> `` birdman , '' `` grand budapest hotel '' lead all oscar nominees with 9 nods apiece .  `` the imitation game '' follows with 8 ; `` boyhood '' gets .
 florida mers patient recovers <sec> a patient with mers in florida has been discharged .  three people in the u.s. have had confirmed mers infections .  mers was first found in the arabian peninsula in 201 .
 central arkansas growing weary of relentless tremors <sec> more than 500 earthquakes have been recorded in arkansas in the past few weeks .  geologists want to investigate salt water disposal wells related to natural gas drilling .  `` in the beginning ... it was neat . .  ... .  but now we 're wanting it to go away .
 haiti prepares for presidential elections amid cholera outbreak <sec> 19 candidates have campaigned on similar platforms ahead of sunday 's elections .  elections could face a runoff in january if no candidate gains more than 50 percent of the vote .  haiti 's cholera death toll stands at 1,603 , the ministry of public health and population said .  cholera epidemic affects nearly 70,000 peopl .
 tom hanks , sting among kennedy center honorees <sec> also in the group : al green , lily tomlin , patricia mcbride .  awards celebrate `` five extraordinary individuals , '' says kennedy center chair .  honors gala set for december 7 , to be broadcast on december 3 .
 former federal employee charged in cuba spy conspiracy case <sec> marta rita velazquez is charged with conspiracy to commit espionage .  an indictment alleges that the former legal officer for usaid helped recruit cuban spies .  she resigned and has lived outside the united states since 2002 , the justice department say .
 are cigarette companies right this time ? <sec> bob greene : cigarette companies fighting a government mandate ; they may be right .  they say requiring them to show graphic warnings on packs hurts free speech .  whatever you think about scourge of cigarettes , their argument is compelling , he says .  greene : cigarette companies have long pushed a dangerous product . .  do they have the right .
 facebook lets users give 'spare keys ' to friends <sec> facebook has begun testing new security features .  one allows users to specify people who can help with account emergencies .  users must collect three to five keys from friends in order to log i .
 nasa : rare , enormous gas storm detected on saturn <sec> the storm , first detected in 2010 , let out something of a cosmic burp .  if on earth , it would cover north america top to bottom and wrap the globe many times .  the storm also led to a drastic change in the ringed plane .
 should you launch your own consultant business ? <sec> journalist leaves tv to launch consulting business .  clients include beverly johnson , boris kodjoe , nicole ari parker , ron devoe , jennifer holliday .  her tips : love your work , save money , find mentors , set goals , take breaks .  expert : unemployment has increased number of less-than-qualified consultant .
 in 2012 , campaigns target voters through their phones <sec> campaigns are increasingly targeting voters in specific locations with text-message ads .  you 're likely to see more political ads texted to you , particularly if you live in a swing state .  a rick perry strategist texted ads to smartphone owners who had downloaded a bible ap .
 ex-executive accuses insurance giant of 'purging ' customers <sec> wendell potter says insurance companies only out to please wall street investors .  cigna would make it hard to renew policies for some expensive clients , he says .  former pr executive left the company after teenager died awaiting transplant .  cigna says it does not purge and encourages business to compare rate .
 hagel orders review of u.s. nuclear force - cnnpolitics.com <sec> incidents of misconduct prompt call for independent review .  officers cheated on test , a general was relieved of command over behavior .  u.s. officials say nuclear arsenal remains secure , despite problems with personne .
 obama : i do n't apologize for bergdahl swap <sec> new : official says ''right now there is no evidence '' to back up soldiers ' disloyalty claims .  new : president barack obama : `` we saw an opportunity and we seized it '' .  bergdahl is resting and showing signs of improvement in german .
 campaigning on foreign policy : world looks different from oval office <sec> candidates often struggle in office to live up to foreign policy promises .  romney has promised to help arm syrian rebels , talked tough on iran .  much of obama 's foreign policy agenda from 2008 campaign has n't been realized .  presidential history is littered with unmet promises from the trail , experts sa .
 as mubarak cuts communications , major demonstrations expected <sec> new : egypt tries to cut off travel , communications ahead of new rallies .  new : `` there is no aggressive behavior from the army , '' activist says .  mubarak 's vp promises reform , and the army says it wo n't shoot protesters .  u.s. needs to `` let go of mubarak , '' elbaradei say .
 extremism in post-gadhafi libya <sec> after gadhafi 's ouster , vice correspondent spots black flag of al-qaeda in benghazi .  correspondent snaps photos that draw fiery response fom those questioning his findings .  controversy results in a vice investigation into extremism in post-gadhafi liby .
 forget the wine , south africans thirsty for craft beers <sec> better known for its wines , the business of craft beer is taking off in south africa .  craft beer produced by independent breweries on smaller scale than the multinationals .  estimates suggest the country is home to some 50 microbrewerie .
 michigan teen with down syndrome gets waiver to play on high school team <sec> the teen 's father says officials have ruled he can play , despite age limits .  19-year-old eric dompierre has down syndrome and was held back in kindergarten .  his underdog quest to keep playing for his school garnered widespread attention .  father : `` we 're proud of the way eric advocated for himself and kids like eric .
 background of colorado shooting suspect full of contrasts <sec> james e. holmes has a limited internet profile .  in the summer of 2008 , holmes worked as a counselor at a summer camp in l.a . .  the profile on adult friend finder includes a picture of a man with fiery , red hair .  the profile has since been taken dow .
 44 evacuated after rig blows out in gulf of mexico <sec> no oil is leaking from the well , agency says .  the blowout occurred on a platform roughly 60 miles off grand isle , louisian .
 lindsay lohan misses `` ellen '' but on track for judge <sec> despite missing flight from hawaii , lohan will be in court wednesday , spokesman says .  actress cancels interview because of `` a travel-related issue , '' spokesman says .  a judge will decide wednesday if lohan is keeping up with probation requirements .  if she stays on track , lohan 's probation will be eased in march , judge say .
 alabama justices : no more same-sex marriage licenses <sec> a federal judge in mobile had cleared way for same-sex marriages .  alabama supreme court on tuesday said state law can not be overridden by federal ruling .  judges have five days to respond to order if they disagre .
 jackie chan responds to son 's drug bust : 'i 'm extremely furious ' <sec> jackie chan publicly addresses son 's drug bust for the first time .  `` i 'm extremely furious . .  his mother is heartbroken . '' .  police found more than 100 grams of marijuana at son 's beijing apartment .  the kung fu star was an anti-drugs ambassador in chin .
 new yorker editor defends controversial obama cover <sec> new : new yorker editor defends cover as satire .  democratic superdelegate calls for boycott of the new yorker .  magazine cover shows sen. barack obama in muslim attire , wife with machine gun .  obama spokesman says cartoon is `` tasteless and offensive .
 police say they 're close to solving triple homicide <sec> bodies of woman and her two children found in southern illinois home last week .  police : state 's attorney to decide whether to file charges against certain person .  threatening messages found on the walls inside the home , police say .  woman 's husband says he left home for gym before slayings , police sa .
 taliban claims deadly suicide attack in pakistan <sec> pakistan taliban claims responsibility for deadly suicide bombing .  attack in mingora on saturday kills 13 and injured dozens , police say .  saturday blast comes day after twin suicide bombing in lahore killed 44 peopl .
 trump : europe is terrific place for investment <sec> europe is a tapestry . .  dense , colorful and deserving of continued longevity and prosperity , writes trump .  trump says he has long been a believer in the `` look at the solution , not the problem '' theory .  the future of europe , as well as the united states , depends on a cohesive global econom .
 two koreas to discuss reunions for split families <sec> north and south korea to hold three days of talks on reunions for families .  families were torn apart by the korean war and divisions between the two countries .  talks to be the first on the subject in almost two years .  irc sending delegates to mediate the talks to be held in north kore .
 u.s. to keep restriction on small knives on planes for now <sec> new : sen schumer of new york says decision to delay rule is a `` commonsense '' move .  the rule change was due to take effect on thursday ; agency says it will weigh new input .  tsa has been under pressure from congress , flight crews and others to not make the change .  tsa temporarily delays rule change allowing small knives back on commercial flight .
