 fitness trends for the new year <sec> survey predicts the top 20 fitness trends for 2012 .  dance workout zumba debuts on the list , ranking ninth this year .  certified fitness professionals have taken the no . .  1 position for the past five years .  fitness programs for older adults moves to no . .  3 as baby boomers hit the gy .
 england coaches banned in ball scandal <sec> england have banned two coaches from their world cup clash with scotland .  dave aldred and fitness coach paul stridgeon not allowed into eden park .  the two illegally switched balls during a 67-3 win over romania on september 2 .
 cnn student news - november 18 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 french bomb-maker with khorasan radicalized over 'several years ' <sec> al qaeda bomb-maker is a french convert .  david drugeon apparently escaped from u.s. missiles .  reporter : drugeon radicalized over several year .
 she changed her career and now swings through air <sec> beverly sobelman became an aerial artist when she had a midlife career change .  sobelman was a 39 years old software developer for microsoft before switching .  she founded versatile arts , seattle 's first full-time aerial studio .
 deportivo keepers axed after fight <sec> deportivo coruna goalkeepers dudu aouate and gustavo munua are dropped .  the pair were involved in a fight after training on friday .  aouate needed six stitches in his face after the inciden .
 the polar explorer searching for green warriors <sec> explorer robert swan runs expeditions to antarctica to promote eco-awareness .  was the first man to walk to the north and south poles .  works with people from business and education to create new generation of leader .
 diamond heists are forever <sec> on tuesday , armed men pulled a heist and made off with about $ 50 million worth of diamonds .  scott andrew selby : you can never let down the guard when it comes to diamonds .  he says there are always clever people who will try to exploit any holes in the security .  selby : those tasked with securing highly valuable items should never grow complacen .
 federer survives scare to advance in dubai tennis championships <sec> roger federer comes from a set down to beat malek jaziri .  defending champion will face marcel granollers or albert montanes in second round .  world no . .  1 novak djokovic plays childhood friend viktor troicki on tuesda .
 three uk men held in uae to be released today <sec> three british men wo n't be charged or deported , their lawyer says .  they were arrested after plane spotting near fujairah airport and have been in jail since february 2 .
 death toll rises to 23 in blast at u.n. building in nigeria <sec> boko haram claims responsibility for the blast .  nigeria 's president says the bombing was `` barbaric , senseless and cowardly '' .  the capital has suffered a series of bombings in recent months .  ban : `` this was an assault on those who devote their lives to helping others .
 police accuse spain train crash driver of 'reckless homicide ' <sec> new : forensic experts must carry out dna tests on body parts to see who they belong to .  new : the judge has until sunday evening to decide whether to press formal charges .  interior minister says police have accused the train driver of `` reckless homicide '' .  at least 78 people died in the train crash near santiago de compostela in galici .
 vatican swaps old masters for modernity with venice biennale debut <sec> vatican is to exhibit works at the venice biennale for the first time .  holy see better known for its renaissance masterpieces than for modern art .  venice biennale is one of the world 's most prestigious contemporary art exhibitions .  cutting edge works are displayed in national `` pavilions '' across the city 's castello distric .
 exit polls : ex-guerrilla wins uruguay presidency <sec> new : jose `` pepe '' mujica asks supporters not to offend people who voted for other candidates .  mujica said to win by margin of 4 to 8 percentage points .  former president luis alberto lacalle concedes in a speech .  mujica belongs to the same broad front party as the current presiden .
 pakistan 's president visits india amid warming ties <sec> singh and zardari discuss bilateral issues in new delhi .  zardari is on a private trip to india .  his visit comes amid warming india-pakistan tie .
 jeb bush : public debate on run same as private <sec> sources close to jeb bush say that the former governor is not worried about a primary fight .  those same sources say bush is concerned about the toll a bid would put on him famil .
 police say they 're close to solving triple homicide <sec> bodies of woman and her two children found in southern illinois home last week .  police : state 's attorney to decide whether to file charges against certain person .  threatening messages found on the walls inside the home , police say .  woman 's husband says he left home for gym before slayings , police sa .
 commentary : what do you expect of black students ? <sec> leonard pitts jr. : unconscious expectations can blind us to the obvious .  he says many people expect black students to perform more poorly .  programs have demonstrated that investing in children 's education pays off .  pitts : we already know secret to improve performance , but do we have will to do it .
 how gidget broke the rules in '60s tv <sec> sally kohn : in '50s tv , there were june cleaver , harriet nelson , perfect housewives .  kohn : but '60s tv starred women you might even want to be , like adventurous gidget .  kohn : women in '60s shows like `` gidget , '' `` the avengers , '' `` julia '' broke the rules .  she says those characters paved way for the revolution to come in women 's role .
 mel gibson makes peace with his baby 's mother <sec> gibson and oksana grigorieva share a young daughter , lucia .  he must pay her $ 750,000 .  she can live in a home he bought until the child turns 18 .  both of them are barred from publicly attacking the othe .
 halloween horror for 'darth ' djokovic <sec> novak djokovic loses to sam querrey in his opening match at paris masters .  serbian star will still become new world no.1 despite defeat .  american querrey recovers after losing first eight games , firing 18 aces .  richard gasquet 's hopes of reaching london finals end with defea .
 marathon du medoc : france 's long-distance drinking race <sec> held annually in southeastern france , the marathon du medoc pits runners against 26.2 miles and many glasses of wine .  last year 3,300 runners from 53 different nations joined 5,200 competitors from across france .  organizers lay on extra water stations and medical provisions to help runners cope with the rigors of a boozy ru .
 charges expected in colorado balloon case <sec> new : criminal charges expected `` sometime in the near future , '' sheriff says .  new : sheriff says he wants to consult faa to see if federal charges apply .  father of boy thought to be in runaway balloon says he 'll answer questions .  richard heene sets box in front of home to receive reporters ' querie .
 immigration crisis is a political conundrum <sec> right-wing groups plan nationwide protests this weekend .  a new poll shows immigration is the top issue for americans .  congress debates responses in final weeks before its summer break .  democrats are divided on how to respon .
 brazil police arrest 4th person in tourist 's attack <sec> a 13-year-old boy is accused of helping steal the victims ' credit cards , police say .  the boy denies involvement in rape , brazilian media report .  the incident highlights security concerns in rio before coming high-profile event .
 elton john , d & g ; and the $ 500 t-shirt ( opinion ) <sec> elton john called for d & g boycott over ivf remarks .  lz granderson : who can afford their products anyway .
 supreme court tackles native american adoption dispute <sec> cherokee indian man won custody of his biological daughter .  south carolina couple 's appeal being heard by high court .  a federal law meant to protect indian family breakup is key to the case .  sides disagree over biological father 's right .
 5 things that could make blackberry 10 a hit <sec> maker of blackberry announces two new phones and a new mobile operating system .  the company will need to win over consumers , not just companies , to stay competitive .  features like multitasking and a central notification center will appeal to productivity fans .  blackberry 10 will need to win new fans to compete against apple and google 's androi .
 robin williams : full of talent , full of heart <sec> robin williams killed himself this week inside his northern california home .  raised in the midwest , his breakthrough role came as lovable alien , mork .  williams starred in comedic and dramatic films , including `` good will hunting '' .  he 's remembered for his kindness as well as his wor .
 officials : 45 people lynched in haiti amid cholera fears <sec> 40 of the victims were found in one area in southwest haiti .  the cholera outbreak hit haiti after the january earthquake .  about 220,000 people were killed in the earthquak .
 italian troops to fight mafia crime wave <sec> defense minister : majority of the troops would be sent to naples area .  this follows the murder of six people by local camorra clan last week .  second time since 1990s that army has been sent in to combat mafia crim .
 jury in philadelphia abortion doctor case <sec> the jury is in the fourth day of deliberations in the trial of kermit gosnell .  jurors ask for a description of the four babies he is accused of killing .  they also ask for a definition of rico charges and a list of medications taken from the clini .
 money men : soccer 's richest stars <sec> france football magazine declares lionel messi the world 's highest-earning player .  it says argentina striker earned $ 52 million in wages and sponsorships in 2011 .  second on the list is former england captain david beckham after taking home $ 50 million .  real madrid 's cristiano ronaldo is third on the list after collecting $ 46 millio .
 texas republicans favor 'reparative therapy ' platform for gays <sec> `` reparative therapy '' aims to turn gays straight .  `` nothing is mandatory , '' says one supporter of the state gop platform .  california and new jersey banned 'reparative therapy ' for minors in 2013 .  psychology group : no adequate research shows such treatment is safe or effectiv .
 myanmar elections not 'free and fair ' but still significant , suu kyi says <sec> worldwide attention is trained on by-elections in myanmar over the weekend .  opposition leader aung san suu kyi says the vote wo n't be 'free and fair ' .  but she says she does n't regret participating , as the campaign has raised awareness .  the international community has applauded recent steps toward greater openness in myanma .
 report supports police response time to newtown school shooting <sec> connecticut police chiefs ' group review newtown police response time to shooting .  report says officers `` responded to the scene rapidly , positioned themselves appropriately '' .  the review found that officers were unable to intervene before the shooter took his own lif .
 philippines ' taal volcano shows new life <sec> volcano in tourist area south of manila is showing activity .  there were 21 volcanic earthquakes from early sunday to early monda .
 cnn student news transcript - june 7 , 2013 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the end of year newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news this school yea .
 five reasons why lord 's resistance army remains on the loose <sec> lord 's resistance army has terrorized people in africa for two decades .  the group is led by the elusive joseph kony .  experts point to kony 's strategies and politics as some reasons why he is still at larg .
 qatar world cup 2022 : fifa reformer calls for vote rerun <sec> former fifa insider calls for a fresh vote on the 2022 world cup .  the tournament was awarded to qatar following a fifa ballot in december 2010 .  alexandra wrage says rerunning the vote is the only way to restore confidence in the world cup .  former new york attorney michael garcia is investigating allegations of corruption around the vot .
 neknominate : 'lethal ' drinking game sweeps social media <sec> neknominate game , thought to have originated in australia , now sweeping the world .  at least five men aged under 30 have died after drinking deadly cocktails . .  there appears to be no limit to the type of drinks that are consumed .  the role of social media giants like facebook is also coming under scrutin .
 john walsh : 5 things to know about the fugitive hunter <sec> john walsh started a career in victim advocacy after his son was abducted and killed .  more than 1,200 suspects were caught due to his show america 's most wanted .  walsh is now the host of cnn 's the hunt with john walsh .  he is also a co-founder of the national center for missing and exploited childre .
 videos capturing ferry 's final moments fuel fresh outrage over ship 's fate <sec> 193 people are confirmed dead and 109 are missing , the coast guard says .  coast guard on captain 's rescue : `` we could n't tell who was a passenger '' .  one of the teenage victims took cell phone video as the sewol ferry began to sink .  loudspeaker announcements can be heard telling passengers to stay pu .
 jordan spieth keeps up remarkable run to tie martin kaymer at players <sec> martin kaymer and jordan spieth tied after third round of players .  will be paired again on final day sunday .  john senden and sergio garcia nearest challengers .  franceso molinari moves up with joint best of day 6 .
 northwest passage mystery may be solved <sec> british sailor john franklin hoped to sail the northwest passage in the 1840s .  franklin and his crew perished in the canadian arctic .  the canadian government said one of the two missing ships has been foun .
 why whitney 's voice was so wonderful <sec> guthrie ramsey : whitney houston 's voice was glorious in its transcendent musicianship .  houston had a very wide range , from alto to the highest soprano , ramsey observes .  ramsey says her impeccable intonation instilled a `` trust '' in her listeners .  houston 's talent and charisma could n't outpace the toils of her life , ramsey say .
 report criticizes iraq 's executions ; official defends justice policy <sec> amnesty international says nation has one of world 's highest execution rates .  report says at least 1,000 on death row , executions are often carried out in secret .  iraqi justice minister says he favors abolishing death penalty , calls justice system fair .  justice minister says request by him to waive death penalty would have no effec .
 tibet exiles back dalai lama 's approach <sec> tibetan exile leaders back dalai lama 's current `` middle way approach '' .  the dalai lama , tibet 's spiritual leader , seeks genuine autonomy from beijing .  small minority want to demand tibet 's independence , spokesman say .
 senate hopeful kennedy meets with ny governor <sec> ny gov . .  david paterson , caroline kennedy talk , but details of meeting unknown .  kennedy wants to replace hillary clinton as new york senator .  president kennedy 's daughter has never held public offic .
 bodies of french journalists abducted in mali returned <sec> the journalists were abducted after interviewing a rebel .  french president francois hollande called the killings `` despicable '' .  the journalists worked for radio france internationa .
 sources : gm , chrysler to get more money ; gm ceo to resign <sec> departure of general motors ' ceo part of government 's bailout strategy , sources say .  gm official : white house signaled that `` new leadership '' was key to more aid .  officials : gm to get 60 days of financing ; chrysler could get $ 6 billion .  gm , chrysler were told to prove viability to treasury department by tuesda .
 matchmaking cleric tries to bring bliss to iranians <sec> iranian cleric , wife runs matchmaking service .  service offers option for social interaction between iranian singles .  cleric claims his service has married 2,000 couples without a divorc .
 flying foodies soar as in-flight food ratings rocket <sec> food-lovers have been posting snaps of their culinary choices in a new social media craze .  now the trend has reached the frequent flyers who are critiquing their in-flight meals .  airlinemeals.net has received 26,000 photos from travelers using over 600 flight operator .
 lindsay lohan on 'late night with jimmy fallon ' : how lohan got the 'snl ' gig <sec> lindsay lohan claimed that she 'd been pestering `` snl '' czar lorne michaels for a return .  `` i kept asking him , '' she told jimmy fallon . .  `` i was n't giving up '' .  the ever-excitable fallon was kind to the eternally beleaguered starle .
 defoe gets five as spurs score nine <sec> tottenham hotspur beat wigan athletic 9-1 to go back into the champions league places .  jermain defoe scored five goals , with peter crouch , aaron lennon , david bently and niko krancjar also scoring .  defoe and tottenham 's goal feats equal premier league records .  blackburn rovers and stoke secure wins over bolton and portsmout .
 google accounts for 6.4 percent of internet traffic <sec> google gained more than 1 percent of all internet traffic share since january .  only one global isp handles more traffic .  internet traffic is growing at a staggering 40 to 45 percent each yea .
 police hand out presents , not tickets <sec> tv stunt with police department hands out presents , not tickets .  police pulled over drivers and then asked them about christmas shopping .  santa 's helpers listened in and quickly delivered gifts .  they handed out about 30 presents worth $ 7,00 .
 top golfers back european tour money boost <sec> the climax of this year 's european tour will have a increased prize fund .  a total of $ 5 million to be shared between 15 players at the dp world tour championship .  that 's a increase on the $ 3.75 million that was shared between 10 players in 2013 .  this year 's dp world tour championship takes place in dubai in novembe .
 why romney bowed out - cnnpolitics.com <sec> romney made decision not to run last sunday .  he did n't inform many advisers until thursday nigh .
 missing michigan mother , 2nd woman found buried <sec> authorities find bodies of amy henslee , another woman .  police say that the mother of two left the home with only her coat and shoes .  man arrested in slaying is cousin of henslee 's husban .
 cal ripken : mom 's abduction may have been 'premeditated ' <sec> new : the elder ripken managed to stick a sweater out of the car window to attract attention .  she was abducted by a gunman last week .  violet ripken is safe and resting with relatives ; she has not yet returned home .  police in aberdeen say a man with a gun came to her home tuesda .
 inter milan owner erick thohir : why italian football needs to change -- or 'die ' <sec> erick thohir bought a controlling stake in inter milan a year ago .  indonesian attempting to revive one of serie a 's leading clubs .  inter the second team in italy 's top flight to have foreign owner .  he warns serie a will be `` dead '' if it has to face another corruption scanda .
 isis : can coalition cut off funding of world 's wealthiest terror group ? <sec> isis , which controls parts of iraq and syria , is pulling in $ 1 million a day , says the u.s. treasury .  12 coalition countries are meeting in kuwait to come up with a plan to choke off isis financing .  oil sales , extortion and social media are three main ways isis raises funds .  u.s. treasury says qatar and kuwait remain `` permissive jurisdictions for terrorist financing .
 new england recovers from huge winter storm <sec> worcester , massachusetts sets record with total for one snowstorm .  towns in new england and on long island under 30 inches of snow .  more snow -- much less this time -- appears to be in the near futur .
