 sewage spills into san francisco bay <sec> new : sewage was partially treated , office of emergency services says .  the 2.7 million-gallon spill occurred thursday night , sheriff 's department says .  pump and alarm failed at marin county waste treatment facility .  area being tested ; boaters advised to avoid richardson bay are .
 nelson mandela celebrates 90th birthday <sec> mandela : called on the rich to help the poor in birthday interview .  it was mandela 's first meeting with reporters since 2004 .  f.w . .  de klerk : mandela `` one of the greatest figures of the 20th century '' .  while in prison , mandela became most significant black leader in south afric .
 opinion : birthday launch masks north korea 's struggles within <sec> north korea says it plans to launch a rocket carrying a satellite this month .  other countries say the move is a cover for a ballistic missile test .  hill : u.s. must work closely with its regional partner to resolve the crisis .  the collapse of an earlier deal hints at internal struggles in n. korea , hill say .
 egyptian terror group pledges alliance to isis <sec> ansar beit al-maqdis , one of egypt 's most violent militant groups , has pledged allegiance to isis .  abm has killed hundreds of egyptian police officers and soldiers in recent years .  abm attacked an army camp in north sinai in october , killing at least 31 egyptian soldier .
 10 killed in south korea building collapse at college retreat <sec> new : south korean president park geun-hye expresses condolences to victims ' families .  more than 100 people are injured , two of them seriously .  busan university of foreign affairs students were at welcoming party off campus .  a resort building in the city of gyeongju collapsed , south korean news agency say .
 zuckerberg : whatsapp 'worth more than $ 19 billion ' <sec> facebook founder mark zuckerberg speaks at mobile world congress in barcelona .  during his speech , zuckerberg said whatsapp was 'worth more than $ 19 billion ' .  it is his first appearance at the show and come a week after facebook bought whatsapp .  analysts said it underlined facebook 's commitment to mobile tec .
 manchester united jump to second in epl with convincing win at newcastle <sec> manchester united score convincing 3-0 win at newcastle .  victory moves them to second in epl behind chelsea .  spurs secure fourth straight win to beat aston villa 2-0 .  juventus extend unbeaten run to lead serie .
 investigator : manning 's computer had downloaded secret documents <sec> new : investigator : manning 's computer had secret documents and videos .  new : they were the same documents and videos later on wikileaks .  an expert says only `` trust '' prevented soldiers from downloading classified info .  manning is accused of leaking classified documents to wikileaks , among other charge .
 timeline : a look at tamerlan tsarnaev 's past <sec> an aunt says tamerlan tsarnaev came to the united states in 2003 .  he was an avid boxer , and after winning a fight in 2004 told a newspaper , `` i like the usa '' .  an uncle says tsarnaev began to develop radical views in 2009 .  he traveled to russia for six months in 201 .
 gary player : staying in shape with 'world 's most traveled athlete ' <sec> golf great gary player calls himself `` world 's most traveled athlete ' .  he says he has notched up more than more than 15 million air miles in a stellar career .  player says exercise and diet are key to staying healthy on the road .  aged 76 , player still does 1,000 sit ups when he works ou .
 hiker hopes to complete historic amazon river trek on monday <sec> ed stafford set out to become the first person to walk all of the river 's roughly 4,000 miles .  he 's hoping to raise international awareness about deforestation .  stafford started his hike in april 2008 .  a forestry worker from peru has accompanied him for most of the tri .
 scavenging for food , syrian children witness war <sec> three boys dig an air raid shelter to guard against attack .  they are among 200 syrian families at bab al-salam camp in syria on turkish border .  turkey will not accept them .  children find weeds for food on doorstep to europ .
 what next after isis killing of jordanian pilot ? <sec> `` i think there 's likely to be a backlash '' against isis , analyst says .  jordan 's government has vowed an `` earthshaking retaliation '' for the pilot 's killing .  but experts say jordan is unlikely to take independent military action against isi .
 greek businesses flee to bulgaria <sec> greek investors moving across the border to bulgaria .  businesses and private investors looking to bulgaria because of lower taxes and wages .  tough austerity measures in greece have brought pressure on the interim governmen .
 arsenal skipper fabregas 'possible ' for barcelona but van persie out <sec> arsenal captain cesc fabregas could be fit to face barcelona in the champions league .  fabregas is currently sidelined with a hamstring injury .  robin van persie and theo walcott definitely out of arsenal 's trip to spain .  english club lead 2-1 from the first leg in london with the return leg on march .
 indian police probe sectarian clashes <sec> orissa state in east-central india has been racked by hindu-christian violence .  23 civilians have died in the state 's troubled kandhamal district this month .  latest attacks follow calls for state to take firm measures to control conflic .
 the rise of the 'gigayacht ' : why size matters to the super rich <sec> gigayachts are viewed by some as the ultimate status symbol .  `` there 's a 'mine 's bigger than yours ' syndrome , `` says yacht broker jonathan beckett .  roman abramovich 's eclipse is 163 meters long - the biggest yacht in the world .  people using gigayachts as a second home , says becket .
 happy 92nd birthday betty white ! <sec> betty white turns 92 on friday .  she has worked in hollywood since the 1940s .  birthday wishes poured in from twitte .
 man arrested after finland school shooting <sec> the suspect first shot a man in the hand in an office building , finnish police say .  he then entered a school , where he fired through a classroom door .  no one was injured in the classroom shooting , police say .  the man is being questioned in tampere , in southern finlan .
 amc 's 'walking dead ' prequel lands two-season order <sec> a pilot is in the works for a 'the walking dead ' spinoff .  a second season has already been ordered for companion serie .
 bill targets $ 1 billion for california drought relief <sec> gov . .  jerry brown : `` this unprecedented drought continues with no signs yet of letting up '' .  snowpack in the sierra nevada mountains is alarmingly low as summer loom .
 iraq to submit changes to u.s. security agreement <sec> official calls changes `` necessary , essential and appropriate '' to the draft agreement .  status-of-forces pact would set terms for u.s. troops in iraq after u.n. mandate ends .  u.s. has shown `` great reluctance '' to change pact but has n't ruled out renegotiations .  hundreds of students protest status-of-forces deal tuesday at university in baghda .
 yazidi survivor recalls horror of evading isis , death <sec> thousands of minority yazidis have fled from isis into remote iraqi mountains .  islamic militants told them to convert to islam , be imprisoned or die .  one yazidi recalls fleeing isis in the heat of summer , without food or drink .  `` i saw dogs feeding off dead bodies , '' he recall .
 mila kunis and ashton kutcher : a love story <sec> ashton kutcher and mila kunis are reportedly engaged .  the two first met in 1998 on `` that '70s show '' .  they say they have been friends for years .  when they began dating in 2012 , they initially said they were just friend .
 beckham plays through pain as galaxy lose <sec> david beckham picked up a groin strain in the mls western conference final on sunday .  los angeles galaxy lost the match 3-0 to fc dallas at the home depot center stadium .  fc dallas will play colorado rapids in the mls championship game on november 2 .
 glenn greenwald 's partner , david miranda , 'afraid ' during questioning <sec> david miranda was detained for hours at heathrow without interpreter , lawyer , he says .  miranda says he was never asked about anything related to terrorism .  his partner , journalist glenn greenwald , calls it a ploy to intimidate journalists .  the british government defends the questioning as lega .
 9/11 victim 's brother to alleged mastermind : 'i came a long way to see you , eye to eye ' <sec> a 9/11 victim 's brother says the arraignment `` brought up all the old memories '' of the attacks .  the chief prosecutor says the military trial process is just and impartial .  an attorney says the defendants `` have endured years of inhumane treatment and torture '' .  khalid sheikh mohammed and others drag out arraignment for 13 hour .
 hawaii man arrested on terrorism-related charge <sec> authorities allege abdel shehadeh lied about a planned trip to pakistan .  the fbi says he intended to join the taliban there , but originally claimed otherwise .  he is a u.s. citizen who was born and raised in new yor .
 blackout brings giants-cowboys game to brief halt <sec> both power feeders to the new meadowlands stadium failed .  the incident lasted about 12 minutes , fox tv announcers sa .
 mississippi storms hurt 24 , damage 108 homes <sec> new : mississippi governor declares emergency in 12 counties .  church is flattened as twisters hit mississippi .  one twister touched down outside jackson , the other in lauderdale county .  two people airlifted to hospital ; no fatalities reporte .
 tampa bay pitcher hit in head by line drive , taken to hospital <sec> new : cobb had mild concussion , tests came back normal , team says .  tampa bay rays pitcher alex cobb is hit on the right ear during a game .  the ball careens off his head , while he falls to the ground .  he 's taken to bayfront medical center in st. petersbur .
 fugitive and whistleblower edward snowden to speak at sxsw <sec> new : edward snowden to discuss `` online tools that protect user privacy , '' festival says .  snowden will appear monday via teleconference from russia .  the u.s. has charged snowden with espionage and theft of government property .  wikileaks ' julian assange , journalist glenn greenwald also slated to spea .
 swine flu : a guide for parents <sec> what parents should tell children about swine flu , also known as the h1n1 virus .  explain to kids that germs can make us sick , so it 's important to wash hands .  project an image of calm to make them feel safe . .  tailor explanation to age .  take common flu-season precaution .
 latino , hispanic labels do n't matter ; issues do <sec> ruben navarrette : new survey reveals attitudes on latino , hispanic designations .  he says most with latin american roots prefer to identify with their countries of origin .  but he says when they 're harassed as a bloc , they unify ; for example , on immigration .  navarrette : latinos should put aside petty labels , concentrate on big issues that affect the .
 facebook booting '20,000 ' underage users per day <sec> nearly half of all 12-year-olds in u.s. are using social network sites .  facebook has no mechanisms to detect whether a teen is telling the truth or not .  underage users have become a growing concern for the networ .
 here 's why fbi wants access to your iphone <sec> fbi director james comey is worried that encryption technology by apple and google could help criminals .  tech companies have been searching for ways to ensure users ' privacy against government surveillanc .
 atlanta airport reopens after lightning strike <sec> lightning strikes a control tower at hartsfield airport as people evacuated .  power outage follows lightning after severe storms roll through atlanta area .  outage affects runway lights ; arriving planes diverted or told to circl .
 indian diplomat arrested , strip-searched : did she have immunity ? <sec> u.s. authorities accuse indian diplomat devyani khobragade of visa fraud .  her consular immunity does not cover this kind of crime , the u.s. says .  her attorney argues that she has diplomatic immunity .  there 's `` a lot of subjectivity '' on such matters , cnn legal analyst say .
 tiger : no excuses for my poor performance at quail hollow <sec> tiger woods admits personal problems are affecting his golf , but refuses to blame media .  world 's top golfer misses cut at a u.s. pga tour event for first time since 2005 .  he shot seven-over-par 79 at quail hollow , the second-worst score of his career .  woods will line up again at the players championship at ponte vedra next wee .
 can you solve the mystery of nico rosberg 's missing helmet ? <sec> nico rosberg appeals for help to find a lost racing helmet .  the formula one drivers says the helmet was stolen on sunday .  rosberg posted photos of the alleged thief on his websit .
 black boss 's n-word rant to black worker costs him , nonprofit $ 280,000 <sec> a black employee sues , claiming her black boss used the n-word in a rant against her .  a jury awards brandi johnson a total of $ 280,000 in damages .  jury hears recording in which nonprofit founder rob carmona uses the n-word eight times .  `` i come from a different time ... what i 'm trying to do is help , '' carmona says during tria .
 with special olympics , shriver leaves legacy of hope <sec> eunice kennedy shriver started special olympics in her backyard in 1962 .  special olympics has grown into a global organization that helps 3 million athletes .  an estimated 200 million people live with intellectual disabilities worldwide .  says one athlete : `` because we have special needs does n't mean we ca n't do stuff .
 'happily divorced ' star fran drescher on marriage , show 's second season <sec> `` happily divorced '' starts its second season wednesday at 10:30 p.m . .  et on tv land .  fran drescher : we 're going to go deeper into fran being a single , middle-aged woman .  drescher : i do n't date while i 'm working on the show because it keeps me awfully bus .
 at & t bringing hotspot feature to android and maybe iphone too <sec> at & t is preparing to allow customers to use a feature called mobile hotspot .  hotspot allows users to share a phone 's wireless data connection among other devices .  at & t is late , compared to competitors , in adding this ability to its phone .
 uk 's prince philip 'making progress , ' palace says <sec> prince philip is continuing to make progress after two nights in hospital , palace officials say .  doctors have advised that he has no visitors friday to allow him to rest .  the 91-year-old has been hospitalized three times in the past eight month .
 no 'chest beating ' on iran , but obama to issue challenge , sources say <sec> obama says he will not engage in `` chest beating '' on iran .  president preparing to go to mideast in two weeks , including stop in israel .  obama remarks came in meeting with jewish american leaders at white house .  obama says he will not present his own arab-israeli peace plan on tri .
 love lands after 'miracle on hudson ' <sec> laura zych and ben bostic had never met before the `` miracle on hudson '' flight .  they began dating after meeting in person six months after the plane crash .  their motto : live in the moment , laugh , love .  all 155 people aboard us airways flight 1549 survived the january 15 , 2009 , cras .
 and the world 's most polluted city is ... <sec> beijing loses `` dirty crown '' as major city with worst air pollution .  at worst , pollutants in new delhi air are 60 times higher than safe .  would smog stop you traveling to a city .
 oregon man arrested after in-flight incident <sec> donald welty is suspected of attempted assault on a police officer .  welty is out on bai .
 westerners , asians from all walks of life among mumbai victims <sec> new : two canadians , yachting tycoon , sister of bollywood actor among dead .  rabbi gavriel holtzberg , wife rivka confirmed dead at chabad house in mumbai .  virginians alan scherr and daughter naomi scherr killed , family member says .  anti-terrorism squad chief killed in offensive , cnn sister network cnn-ibn say .
 sting , j.k. rowling could have been your teacher <sec> some people who became famous , tried their hand at teaching first .  president lyndon johnson taught public speaking , coached debate team .  art garfunkel was teaching math when `` bridge over troubled water '' became a hit .  authors stephen king and j.k. rowling and singer sting all taught englis .
 north korean mass games : why this year they 're different <sec> north koreans put on a magnificent arirang show to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the end of the korean war .  half of the show elements are new compared to last year 's show , says a mass games regular .  this year 's show highlights the friendship with china and russi .
 world gets ready for fed cup fever <sec> czech republic face serbia in the 2012 fed cup final in prague .  host nation is aiming to clinch its second consecutive title .  serbia won men 's davis cup in 2010 and women are desperate to emulate them .  lucie safarova will face ana ivanovic in the first rubber in front of a sell-out crow .
 mh370 : inside a black box lab <sec> black box data from flight 370 could be analyzed at a laboratory in australia .  even if the flight data recorder is damaged , information is retrievable .  about 2,000 parameters are decoded , like altitude , engine performance and cabin pressure .  the data is used to create a visual representation , helping the public understand an acciden .
 cnn exclusive : hollywood cameras roll through tunisian revolution <sec> hollywood a-list star antonio banderas was shooting a movie in tunisia .  the cast and crew of `` black gold '' kept working even as protests and clashes increased .  tunisia has been the locale for shots in major movies in recent decades .  films have included `` star wars , '' `` the english patient , '' and `` raiders of the lost ark .
 the world 's messiest festivals <sec> glastonbury , the world 's biggest music festival , is credited with inventing `` mud surfing '' .  la tomatina is probably the best known food-themed gathering .  this year , the event will be limited to 20,000 participants , with tickets on sale in advance .  at the annual world bodypainting festival in austria , artists paint models to resemble works of ar .
 from robert bork to instagram in 7 steps <sec> judge robert bork , who died this week , has unlikely connection to digital media .  after a reporter outed bork 's video-rental history , congress made doing so illegal .  that law shut down a facebook sharing feature and helped prompt long terms-of-service .  an instagram tos update spurred this week 's user revol .
 murray upbeat about u.s. open despite crashing in cincinnati <sec> world no . .  4 andy murray slumps to a 6-4 6-4 defeat to jeremy chardy .  roger federer eases past 49th-ranked australian bernard tomic .  juan martin del potro and mardy fish also reach quarterfinals .  the u.s. open is due to start on the august 2 .
 pushback on obama 's plan to stem gun violence <sec> new : nra president says `` second amendment is going to survive '' gun control efforts .  a new cnn/time/orc poll shows majority support for stricter gun controls .  the president signs 23 executive actions that do n't need congressional approval .  president obama calls for background checks on all gun sale .
 no more niceness : obama , romney try to rain on each other 's parade <sec> candidates in the past laid low while other party was having its convention .  both obama and romney will campaign during other party 's big week .  obama campaign has several high-profile events while gop gathers in tampa .  romney and ryan have events planned next week during democratic conventio .
 romney , clinton duel in op-eds <sec> mitt romney and hillary clinton offer differing viewpoints on foreign policy .  both have previously run for president , and clinton is thinking about running in 2016 .  political observers expect foreign policy to be a leading topic in upcoming election .
 china climate deal : is it the best we can get ? <sec> u.s.-china accord on curbing carbon emissions is a huge step , says adam sobel .  he says critics who say it does n't go far enough are in danger of missing key points .  a more far-reaching agreement would n't have been possible at this point , he says .  sobel : the key thing is that there 's finally momentum toward solving the proble .
 which country has most economic freedom ? <sec> conservative think tank heritage foundation ranks hong kong the freest economy in the world .  singapore , australia , new zealand and switzerland round out top five ; the u.s. is ranked 10th .  north korea , cuba and zimbabwe ranked the lowest of 177 countries in the 2013 index .  countries ranked on rule of law , regulatory efficiency , limited government and open market .
 govt : china could take down u.s. power grid - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the head of u.s. cyber command said china has the ability to attack the u.s. power grid .  adm. michael rogers also cited other actors and nation-states that could attack utilities , but he did not name the .
