 comedy festival-goers show love of lucy <sec> fans come from overseas , around u.s. for new york event .  joan rivers , paula poundstone headline this year .  executive director of lucy ball desi arnaz center for comedy hopes to expan .
 hundreds missing in african coast boat accident <sec> about 800 refugees were heading from libya to lampedusa , italy .  the boat was overcrowded .  between 200 and 270 people are missin .
 iran finance minister : 'rest assured ' record oil prices over nuclear sanctions <sec> iran 's finance minister tells cnn that oil prices could rise as high as $ 160 a barrel .  `` rest assured there will be a considerable increase , '' the minister says .  the chief of the u.n. 's nuclear watchdog agency is heading to iran for talks .  g8 leaders urge iran to cooperate with inspector .
 travel apps that really help <sec> hotel tonight connects travelers with last-minute rooms at discounted rates .  the taxi magic app dispatches cabs directly to you .  frequent fliers should have airline apps for their preferred carrier .
 timeline : 11 dead in one afternoon , two towns reeling <sec> alabama authorities release rough timeline of deadly shooting rampage on tuesday .  firefighters find body of michael mclendon 's mother in burning house at 3:30 p.m . .  at 4:17 p.m. , mclendon kills himself after exchange of gunfire with police .  mclendon 's relatives , wife and daughter of sheriff 's deputy among the dea .
 superjumbo on the streets of tiny french village <sec> every fortnight huge a380 parts driven through the streets of levignac .  a380 parts made at different sites around europe .  most parts are transported by ships , barge and trucks .  locals , tourists and planespotters watch the parade of a380 part .
 23 traits of good leaders <sec> traits five leadership professionals consider to make a good leader .  confidence is key , says a workplace coach . .  `` if you do n't believe in yourself , no one will . '' .  leaders are fearless , says author mike sprouse . .  `` true leaders are not afraid to take risks or make mistakes . .
 'i like it ' campaign on facebook goes viral <sec> october is breast cancer awareness month .  women are actually referring to where they like to place their purses .  part of the reason this meme has gone viral is due to its heavy sexual connotation .
 ebola drug : 9 questions answered <sec> ebola drug zmapp can be produced using tobacco plant proteins .  ebola drug given to americans developed by a company based in san diego .  it 's unclear whether the drug will be administered to other ebola patient .
 hiv discovery 'will change your life forever ' <sec> francoise barre-sinoussi co-discovered hiv , the virus that causes aids .  barre-sinoussi shared the nobel prize for her work in 2008 .  a male colleague once told her that women in science `` never do anything .
 saving children from cambodia 's trash heap <sec> children are large source of labor at cambodian capital 's largest trash dump .  phymean noun quit her job to give them an education -- and a way out .  today she provides 240 children a free education , food and health service .
 chelsea flower show turns 100 <sec> sue biggs became head of royal horticultural society in 2010 .  she has tried to change the image from `` gardening club for posh people '' to promote the society 's charity work .  chelsea flower show celebrates its 100th anniversary this yea .
 shanghai disney resort breaks ground in china <sec> disney breaks ground on shanghai disney resort .  shanghai disney will open in about five years .  it will be the first disney resort in mainland chin .
 putin defends election results <sec> vladimir putin says critics are trying to undermine upcoming presidential elections .  the prime minister speaks at his traditional year-end question-and-answer program .  putin says recent protests in russia show that people are free to express their view .
 coroner , director tony scott 's family dispute cancer report <sec> film director tony scott left two notes before his apparent suicide , a coroner official says .  it will be weeks before autopsy results are made public , an official says .  `` unfathomable to think that he is now gone , '' denzel washington says .  scott is best known for the films `` top gun '' and `` beverly hills cop ii .
 reid 's wife undergoes neck surgery after wreck <sec> landra reid , 69 , was involved in a car accident on thursday .  since surgery , she is able `` to get out of bed ... and she 's able to swallow some , '' doctor says .  she can move arms and legs ; expected to go through physical therapy before release .  she broke her neck , a vertebra and her nose in the accident , the doctor sai .
 family seeks $ 8 million in airport death <sec> police took carol gotbaum into custody after she missed a flight , flew into a rage .  accused of disorderly conduct , she was put in an airport holding cell , where she died .  claim says police used excessive , unreasonable force , disregarded own procedures .  city says police officers acted properly and responsibly in restraining gotbau .
 questions for jonbenet 's brother -- again ? <sec> police say they want to talk again with jonbenet ramsey 's older brother , burke .  burke ramsey has nothing to tell them , says family lawyer lin wood .  jonbenet ramsey was killed in her family 's home on christmas night 1996 .  police have cleared family members , but no one has been arrested in the cas .
 quirky gifts for past presidents <sec> the president of argentina gave george w. bush 300 pounds of lamb meat .  jfk received a carved peach pit in his likeness .  a bowling alley was installed in the white house as a birthday gift to truma .
 from grandma to grandson , folks are still cheering for tiger woods <sec> tiger woods is contending for his fifth masters title .  he scored his first official pga tour victory in two and a half years two weeks ago .  fans are hoping to witness a woods comeback in august .
 totti sets serie a scoring record as roma run riot <sec> francesco totti scores 210th and 211th goals for roma to set serie a scoring record .  juventus beat atalanta 2-0 to maintain grip on top spot .  espanyol beat granada 3-0 ; atletico madrid thump real sociedad 4- .
 who should play johnny carson , ed mcmahon in new biopic ? <sec> deadline is reporting that a biopic about carson is currently in the works .  mclaughlin will adapt the biography `` carson the magnificent : an intimate portrait '' .  there is no studio or director yet attached to the projec .
 kenya terror timeline : four deadly days of siege <sec> kenya 's president indicates terrorists ' siege of nairobi mall has ended .  the gunfire , carnage , hostage-taking lasts four days .  a nice day with a kids ' cooking contest becomes nightmarish as gunmen storm upscale mall .  the complex now evokes war imagery , with three collapsed floors trapping bodie .
 accused sudanese war criminal shows up at hague for hearing <sec> bahr idriss abu garda faces charges in deaths of peacekeepers in 2007 .  12 killed when a soldiers stormed north darfur african union peacekeeping base .  abu garda scheduled to appear at the pretrial hearing at 3 p.m. monday .  three other suspects , including sudanese president omar al-bashir , are at larg .
 venezuela : chavez says he 's willing to take gitmo inmates <sec> hugo chavez would be willing to accept guantanamo inmates , venezuela says .  venezuelan president quoted as having no problem `` receiving a human being '' .  no plans are known for sending inmates to venezuela when detention center closes .  on middle east trip , chavez criticizes israel , meets with iranian presiden .
 new michael jackson album coming in may : 'xscape ' <sec> fans can preorder on itunes tuesday or get `` xscape '' in stores may 13 .  jackson 's songs have been `` contemporized '' for the new album , epic says .  timbaland is the lead producer .  jackson died at age 50 on june 25 , 2009 , while preparing for his `` this is it '' comeback tour .
 life not sweet for philippines ' sugar cane child workers <sec> child labor is common practice is philippine region of mindanao .  children as young as seven can work each day in sugar fields .  philippines government plans to reduce child labor by 75 % by 2015 .  some suggest cultural ties to families working together make it harder to eradicat .
 1 dead in scotland ; storms disrupt travel , threaten flooding in europe <sec> thousands lose power at homes in scotland , northern ireland ; some power restored .  england expecting its most serious coastal tidal surge in more than 60 years .  truck driver killed in collision as winds of up to 90 mph batter scotland .  weather warning issued for germany 's north sea coast ; flights canceled in netherland .
 a sober-minded guide to internet 'doomsday ' <sec> fbi turns off computer servers that prop up people infected with a piece of malware .  the dnschanger malware affects how computers look up internet addresses .  fbi : a `` click-jacking '' scam leads to the issue .  relatively few computers remain infected with the progra .
 kenny dalglish sacked by liverpool <sec> kenny dalglish has been sacked as manager of premier league club liverpool .  the scot leaves after an 18-month second spell in charge of the club .  liverpool won the league cup this year but finished 8th in premier league .  dalglish is a club legend having won titles as both a player and a manage .
 author jailed for insulting thai king <sec> australian author jailed for insulting thai king in a book .  harry nicolaides jailed for three years ; cut from six for his guilty plea .  he was arrested last year , three years after the book was first published .  defense lawyers deciding whether to appeal or ask for a royal pardo .
 mickey rooney 's widow contests late actor 's will <sec> jan rooney 's will challenge is `` totally without merit , '' actor 's lawyer says .  a lawyer for jan rooney says she 's filing objections over mickey rooney 's will .  a hearing to start the process of probating the will is set for monday .  the will left rooney 's estate to a stepson and nothing to his wife or other childre .
 cnn student news transcript : january 31 , 2011 <sec> explore a political crisis in egypt and the major players who are involved .  examine concerns about social security on the anniversary of its first payment .  find out why the writing may be on the wall for learning cursive in school .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 lee myung-bak : the 'bulldozer ' with a common touch <sec> south korea 's new president lee myung-bak plans for a pragmatic presidency .  his rags-to-riches story reflects recent history of south korea .  named one of time magazine 's green heroes in 200 .
 malaysian police round up suspected terrorist ; unrelated to mh 370 <sec> police are holding 11 people on suspicion of terrorist affiliations .  they plan to make more arrests as a preemptive measure .  some of the arrests were made in a state bordering thailand .  southern thailand is plagued by separatist violence from ethnic malay muslim militant .
 cancer now no . 1 killer of u.s. hispanics <sec> hispanics are the fastest-growing demographic group in the united states .  there are important differences among hispanic subpopulations .  more screening , less alcohol use and lower obesity rates would help reduce cancer death .
 businessman plans inaugural party for the people <sec> earl stafford paid $ 1 million so needy could see inauguration .  packages for some inaugural events going for hundreds of dollars .  stafford said his effort was rooted in his faith , good fortune .  package offered by jw marriott billed as `` build-your-own-ball .
 with mandela speech , obama shows he can still stir the spirit <sec> donna brazile : in his remarks at mandela 's memorial , obama was `` in a league of his own '' .  `` the power of words can still stir the spirit , '' brazile says .  brazile notes not all of the president 's speeches are memorabl .
 mentally disabled man beaten ; hate crime charges filed <sec> teenagers in new castle county , delaware , have been charged with felony hate crimes .  charges relate to online videos of the beating of a mentally disabled man .  videos went viral with the hashtags # thebullyproject and # jusiceforcora .
 revived auto industry gives obama advantage in michigan <sec> michigan autoworker credits obama for his job at chrysler plant .  autoworker support is big advantage for obama in state romney hoped to put in play .  local gop chairwoman says romney is the perfect candidate for the times .  she concedes , though , the president 's favorable image is an obstacle for romne .
 explosion flattens boston house <sec> boston police say on twitter they suspect a gas explosion .  it was not clear whether anyone was injured .  the blast occurred in the hyde park neighborhoo .
 tort reform could save $ 54 billion , congressional budget office says <sec> report sees savings from limits on medical malpractice suits in next 10 years .  it says caps on jury awards would cut liability insurance premiums by about 10 % .  but reforms unlikely to pass , since white house opposes capping jury award .
 20 dead in somalia bomb blasts <sec> a pair of blasts struck at a restaurant in the somali capital .  police say at least 20 people were killed .  the restaurant is popular with journalists and civil servant .
 j.r. martinez : free homes give hope <sec> operation finally home builds custom homes for wounded u.s. veterans .  actor and iraq war veteran j.r. martinez is closely involved with the nonprofit .  martinez : i know the mental , physical struggles these veterans are dealing wit .
 defiant youssif scales new heights <sec> disfigured iraqi boy meets other young burn victims at sports camp .  youssif 's face now looks worse , but doctors say it 's all part of healing process .  family enjoying first thanksgiving , grateful to american helpers .  cnn readers and viewers sent donations to bring youssif to u.s. for treatmen .
 white house knew glenn greenwald 's partner would be detained <sec> the white house knew the move was coming , spokesman says .  david miranda , 28 , was reportedly held for nearly nine hours .  glenn greenwald broke the story about secret surveillance programs in the united states .  greenwald says he 'll focus efforts on the english spy syste .
 west bank mosque attack blamed on radical israeli settlers <sec> the mosque entrance was set alight , palestinian official says .  the vandals spray-painted the words `` revenge by blood '' on the mosque , he said .  the israel defense forces says it was a so-called `` price tag '' attack .  it was an apparent response to clashes last week between jewish settlers and palestinian .
 car bomb hits near u.s. base in afghanistan <sec> the blast occurs after a minibus stops at the gate for a security check .  the taliban claim responsibility for the blast .  camp chapman has been targeted in the pas .
 what my son taught me about oscar pistorius <sec> cynthia falardeau 's son , 10 , lost part of his right arm as a newborn .  falardeau saw runner oscar pistorius as a role model for her son .  her son cautioned her , `` mom , he 's just a man '' .  have a personal essay to share with the world ? .  submit at cnn irepor .
 'how could his heart just stop ? ' <sec> robbie levine died at age 9 after running the bases at a little league practice .  his parents set up a foundation in his memory to raise defibrillator awareness .  automatic defibrillators can help make the difference between life and death .  she has helped put 100-plus defibrillators on playing fields around the u.s .
 cnn student news - december 19 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 after latest investment , is pinterest worth $ 3.8 billion ? <sec> social media site pinterest secures extra investment worth $ 225 million .  it plans to expand on mobile and to new audiences outside the u.s . .  investors believe pinterest users often buy products they see on the sit .
 tv meteorologist accused of filing false sexual assault report <sec> heidi jones is a weekend on-air meteorologist for wabc-tv .  she has been suspended pending an internal investigation , the station says .  police say jones recanted her story during questionin .
 three cities in running for 2018 winter olympics <sec> three cities will battle it out to host the 2018 winter olympics , the ioc reveal .  annecy , munich and pyeongchang are the trio in contention to stage the event .  munich bidding to become first city to stage both summer and winter game .
 wikileaks founder says he 's been targeted by smear campaign <sec> wikileaks founder wo n't say who he thinks is behind allegations .  swedish authorities alleged rape in warrant , then revoked it .  authorities said assange 's name was leaked to the media .  wikileaks is at the center of controversy after posting u.s. document .
 it 's official : south sudan a new country <sec> new : south sudan becomes world 's newest country .  khartoum recognizes the sovereignty of the south , within the 1956 borders .  those borders put the contested region of abyei in the north .  a new u.n. peacekeeping mission will step i .
 gunman sought in pittsburgh-area mall shooting <sec> three people shot at monroeville mall near pittsburgh .  witness hears five shots near macy 's .  suspect or suspects remain at larg .
 new fashions inspired by new delhi <sec> new zealand fashion designer trelise cooper flew to new delhi seeking new styles .  cooper was drawn to the city 's tradition of flamboyantly colored clothes .  she says that the journey helped her create a line of clothing fused with opulence and romanc .
 palop blunder sees sevilla crash out to cska moscow <sec> cska moscow beat sevilla 2-1 to go through 3-2 on aggregate in champions league .  a blunder from sevilla goalkeeper andres palop hands cska vital goal .  it is the first time cska have reached quarterfinals of europe 's top club competitio .
 nikkei closes down 10.55 percent <sec> the close marks the third steepest percentage fall in the nikkei 's history .  at one point , the nikkei plunged more than 1,390 points , or more than 14 percent .  kan : risk of further releases of radioactive material from fukushima plant `` very high '' .  tokyo market opened shortly after `` explosive impact '' reported at nuclear reacto .
 alaska senator on charges : 'i am innocent ' <sec> new : sen. stevens says he intends to prove his innocence .  stevens received gifts from an alaska energy company , indictment alleges .  he is charged with making false statements on financial disclosure forms .  federal investigators looked into improvements made to his alaska hom .
 red cross granted access to syrian detention facility <sec> new : arab league secretary general will travel to damascus .  red cross president concludes meeting with syrian president bashar al-assad .  the icrc will be given access to government-held detainees , group 's head says .  the organization is also trying to ensure the sick and wounded have access to medical car .
 will monte paschi banking scandal throw open italy 's election race ? <sec> the scandal centers on losses of 730 million euros ( $ 975 million ) from financial products .  mcdonnell said local party officials were `` all up to their necks in monte dei paschi '' .  mussari was chairman of monte dei paschi from 2006 before stepping down last yea .
 syria 's brutal war within a war gains momentum <sec> amid civil war , al qaeda affiliates are fighting more moderate rebels in north syria .  governments of turkey and iraq , and the kurds of northern iraq , have interests and allies there .  kurdish group has declared an autonomous region , drawing criticism from other rebels .  area villages , border crossings change hands , and alliances shift , complicating peace effort .
