 the middle class is being 'hollowed out ' <sec> fareed zakaria : technology , globalization threatening middle-class jobs .  zakaria says companies have become so much more efficient due to computer technology .  world market has grown , with many willing to work for far less than those in the u.s. , he says .  zakaria : america 's middle class must become more highly educated and skilled to compet .
 tepco to begin removing nuclear fuel rods at fukushima <sec> plant operators will begin the delicate work of removing nuclear fuel from fukushima .  tepco will begin taking out 1,500 spent fuel units from reactor 4 for storage .  plant damaged by the earthquake and tsunami that struck japan in march 2011 .  cleanup beset by numerous problems , including the leak of 300 tons of radioactive wate .
 journalist 's letter from cairo cell <sec> al jazeera journalist peter greste releases letter from cairo jail .  greste and two others were sentenced last june on charges of `` disseminating false news '' .  the three have denied the charge .
 canine crimefighters to carry video camera <sec> the digital video camera is strapped on to the dog 's head .  staffordshire police handlers can watch the footage live via a monitor .  the dogs can send back high quality images from dangerous or difficult locations .  `` this camera will allow them to search vast areas a lot faster , '' says a police dog handle .
 2 dead in clashes between police , muslim brotherhood ralliers in egypt <sec> two people were killed and two police officers hurt in alexandria , interior ministry says .  police broke up rallies for the muslim brotherhood , recently called a terrorist organization .  protesters blocked roads , threw molotov cocktails , interior ministry say .
 ebola outbreak : ways to help <sec> officials say this is the deadliest ebola outbreak in history .  more help is needed to fight the disease in west africa .  aid organizations need funds to help fight ebol .
 madonna : police arrested hacker who stole , leaked songs <sec> israeli police arrest a hacker accused of stealing madonna 's songs .  `` i am profoundly grateful , '' the queen of pop says in a facebook post .  madonna 's lawyer tells haaretz the theft cost her millions of dollar .
 3 officers slain responding to call , pittsburgh police chief says <sec> new : suspect was wearing bulletproof vest , armed with ak-47 , police chief says .  new : third officer killed was on his way home after finishing shift .  officers were responding to domestic call in stanton heights area of pittsburgh .  two more officers were injured in the nearly four-hour standoff that ensue .
 an escape from the concrete jungle <sec> urban escapes nyc offers trips aimed at the young and thrifty .  day trips out of new york start at about $ 60 ; company also offers trips abroad .  urban escapes nyc founder , 25 , was a stock trader before starting company .  the company was able to break even within six months , founder say .
 sebelius : never worked with gruber 'personally ' <sec> sebelius said her successor is `` eager '' for her to help with the open enrollment push .  the former health and human service secretary called jonathan gruber 's comments `` totally offensive '' .  she said she did n't `` focus enough '' on the tech side of the obamacare rollout .  and while obamcare has been `` branded badly , '' she said americans like the policies that are part of the la .
 fbi searches maryland home of man suspected in missing woman case <sec> new : fbi agents search the maryland home of gary giordano , an fbi official says .  new : they entered the house in fbi-branded vests and carrying empty boxes .  aruba 's solicitor general says there 's no sign of missing woman , no evidence she is dead .  gary giordano is being held in connection with robyn gardner 's disappearanc .
 taking out a gop senator , without a dem . candidate <sec> dems pulled their candidate from the ballot to help orman unseat the sitting republican .  orman has n't said which party he would caucus with in the senate .  he 's told supporters he wants to be a mediator between the two parties .  many believe he 'd caucus with democrats , but he 'll face slim re-election chances if he doe .
 five things you need to know about pope john xxiii <sec> pope john xxiii is to be canonized , or made into a saint , in the vatican on sunday .  known as `` the good pope , '' he reigned from 1958 until his death in 1963 .  he was born in poverty and said he was happy to die poor ; he left relatives $ 20 in his will .  elected as an `` interim '' pope , he instead proved the most daring pontiff in decade .
 woman convicted of killing patients with bleach awaits fate <sec> a jury finds kimberly saenz guilty of capital murder .  she faces the death penalty or life in prison .  two witnesses say they saw her use a syringe to draw bleach from a cleaning pail .  the defense says she is being used as a scapegoa .
 11 of the world 's top city golf clubs <sec> minnesota 's highland national golf course has a snoopy-shaped 15th hole .  golfers can check out monkeys and an array of birds while playing at nairobi 's windsor golf hotel and country club .  summer games at canada 's meadow lake golf course can extend into the night thanks to the midnight su .
 how 'green ' is your love life ? <sec> author stefanie iris weiss wants you to make your love life green .  she says couples should go for a bike ride and leave their car at home .  she suggests older men eat oysters instead of taking viagr .
 panetta departs for asia defense strategy trip <sec> panetta plans to brief friends and allies on new defense strategy .  his first stop is singapore , where he plans to deliver a major policy speech .  he also plans to meet with military leaders from the regio .
 safari in europe : bear , bison , big game <sec> spotting polar bear in norway 's svalbard , you have to carry a rifle by law .  bison roam eastern europe 's last patch of primeval forest .  rare iberian lynx reward the wait in spai .
 u.s. open : serena williams claims 18th grand slam title <sec> serena williams wins the u.s. open for sixth time .  beat caroline wozniacki 6-3 6-3 .  title is williams ' 18th grand slam .  now just four titles behind steffi graf 's recor .
 u.s. fines pakistan airline for nearly five-hour ground delay <sec> transportation department fine is first against international airline for long ground delay .  pakistan international airlines flight diverted due to freak october storm in northeast .  crew concerned letting passengers off plane in bad weather was too risk .
 acquaintances 'shocked ' at film student 's arrest in stabbing of muslim <sec> new : authorities are studying journals found on stabbing subject at time of arrest .  suspect worked to build bridges , colleague says .  michael enright is charged with attempted murder and hate crimes .  the cab driver plans to speak publicly thursda .
 rosberg fastest in practice at sweltering sepang circuit <sec> nico rosberg fastest in friday 's practice sessions for malaysian grand prix .  temperatures reached a sweltering 50 degrees at the sepang circuit .  drivers will pay respects 239 people who went missing aboard flight 370 before sunday 's rac .
 gay iranian teen loses asylum appeal <sec> iranian teenager loses appeal to remain in the netherlands .  19-year-old had sought asylum in uk but is to be sent home .  mehdi kazemi says he will face persecution in his homelan .
 russia edge fed cup thriller against serbia <sec> four-time fed cup champions russia beat serbia 3-2 in thrilling tie in belgrade .  russia will play the united states in semifinals after they beat france 4-1 .  defending champions italy and the czech republic to contest the other semifina .
 apology reignites conversation about ousted guatemalan leader <sec> guatemalan president alvaro colom apologized to the family of jacobo arbenz .  arbenz was ousted in a coup in 1954 .  some wonder whether the u.s. , which backed the coup , will also apologiz .
 benghazi killings suspect pleads not guilty in u.s . <sec> ahmed abu khatallah was moved to a detention center in northern virginia .  abu khatallah and others are charged in a criminal complaint in federal court .  an fbi-led team has been interrogating abu khatallah aboard the uss new york .  he is suspected of being the ringleader of the september 2012 attacks in benghazi , liby .
 al-assad missed chance to reform syria <sec> former u.s. ambassador to syria : u.s. embassy closure a sign of deteriorating situation .  edward p. djerejian says bashar al-assad could have led a serious reform process in syria .  he says regime hunkered down and is violently repressing its own citizens .  djerejian : world community should work to end killing and promote political transitio .
 afghan quits election complaints commission <sec> commission says it is `` disappointed at the resignation of an important member '' .  commission head says barakzai `` was involved in our major decisions '' .  barakzai reported as saying commission is unduly influenced by foreigners .  top u.n. official in afghanistan admits on sunday vote was marred by frau .
 yemeni president to return this week , official says <sec> new : gunfire heard in taiz city , eyewitnesses say .  the u.s. state department is not aware of saleh 's plans , a spokeswoman says .  president ali abdullah saleh will return home from saudi arabia friday , a senior adviser says .  opposition leaders discount saleh 's return as false rumor .
 why we pick bad leaders , and how to spot the good ones <sec> business leaders often picked based on charm or academic credentials , says jeffrey cohn .  he says past results have little bearing on whether someone will succeed once promoted .  cohn lists seven qualities a potential leader must possess to be effectiv .
 greek prime minister reshuffles cabinet <sec> new : pm : `` we face the biggest threat that our country has known over the last decades '' .  the new finance minister urges national consensus .  the leaders of france and germany are discussing the greek crisis .  greece is struggling to find a way out of deep deb .
 republicans got what they wanted <sec> a deal will reopen government and avert a default on u.s. debt .  julian zelizer : some have argued the deal is a total democratic win .  he says the reality is gop can continue to make budget cutting dominant issue in washington .  zelizer : gop can use same tactics in 2014 to force obama to focus on their concern .
 400 ohio homes evacuated after train chemical leak <sec> flammable chemical leaks from train tanker at rail yard in willard , ohio .  more than 400 homes evacuated , city manager says .  spill contained wednesday morning ; officials hoped to get people back in homes soo .
 cnn 's best updates from moore , oklahoma tornado recovery <sec> cnn staff on the ground in moore , oklahoma , are posting social media updates .  photos show devastation , signs of hope .  red cross , gov . .  mary fallin among officials also posting social update .
 rory mcilroy : deadly snakes and why george is the best <sec> rory mcilroy is the world 's no . .  1 golfer and a three-time major winner .  the northern irishman won two of 2014 's four major titles .  the 25-year-old turned professional in 200 .
 manny in the money after las vegas win <sec> manny pacquiao set to make a fortune after beating ricky hatton in las vegas .  filipino boxer proves a massive draw among pay per view fans in u.s . .  showdown with floyd mayweather jr. looms as american comes out of retiremen .
 syria 's children deserve chance to be kids again <sec> unicef ambassador lucy liu visited syrian refugees in lebanon .  each day thousands of syrians flee into the country , half are children .  unicef needs $ 172 million to provide clean water , schools , health care and nutritio .
 man decapitates apparent stranger in canary islands supermarket <sec> a knife-wielding man attacked a woman on tenerife .  he cut off her head and ran away with it , officials say .  security guards chased and subdued him .  police identified him as bulgarian nationa .
 do n't cry over spilt milk -- it could become a skirt‎ <sec> every year , millions of tons of milk deemed unsafe for human consumption are discarded .  qmilch is a soft , sustainable and non-allergenic fabric made out of wasted milk .  qmilch costs around $ 30 per kilo to produce , compared to $ 3.8 per kilo for cotton yar .
 obama 's second state dinner has mexican flair <sec> more than 200 people to attend dinner in honor of mexican president .  enhanced security promised to keep out party crashers .  musicians beyonce , rodrigo y gabriela to perfor .
 32 killed in attacks as iraqi forces vote in parliamentary elections <sec> attacks targeting polling centers kill 32 people and wound 92 others , officials say .  shootings and explosions targeted security forces casting their ballots .  parliamentary elections this week are iraq 's first since the withdrawal of u.s. force .
 ceremony held to honor sailors who died on uss cole <sec> new : wreath laid at memorial during ceremony .  new : uss cole crew praised for efforts to save ship , crewmates .  flags , a plaque and 17 stars commemorate those who died .  the u.s. navy touts improved security measure .
 continental airlines cleared of criminal responsibility in concorde crash <sec> french appeals ruling upholds lower court decision in concorde case .  court upholds a civil judgment against u.s. carrier .  the air france concorde crash killed 113 people after a metal strip blew a tire .  investigators say the metal strip fell off of a continental jetline .
 serena williams crashes out of french open , venus defeated <sec> serena williams defeated in second round of the french open .  the defending champion beaten 6-2 6-2 by spain 's garbine muguruza .  venus williams eliminated after loss to anna schmiedlova .  novak djokovic and roger federer comfortably through to round thre .
 who is oklahoma beheading suspect alton nolen ? <sec> suspect was forthcoming , cooperative , police say .  charges will include first-degree murder , assault .  suspect felt oppressed at work , law enforcement source tells cnn .  no indications of link to terror , another source say .
 breaking down the climate report by region <sec> the national climate assessment includes regional reports .  themes include infrastructure risks from rising oceans , to changing energy needs .  forecasts are included for six u.s. region .
 ralph lauren 's niece fined in air-rage incident <sec> new : official : lauren pleaded guilty to being so intoxicated that others could feel endangered .  new : $ 2,700 fine is just under the bail amount , far below the alleged costs incurred .  the fine stems from a spain-to-new york city flight that was diverted to ireland .  state media : her lawyer says jennifer lauren is extremely sorry for the trouble she cause .
 volunteers in haiti take a breath , find time to cry <sec> doctor from utah looks for way home after 5 days of volunteering .  another volunteer frustrated by lack of cooperation from another country 's doctors .  both have been too busy seeing patients to cry over what they 've see .
 explainer : how relegation works <sec> promotion/relegation systems are used in football leagues around the globe .  the method transfers teams between divisions depending on performance .  the u.s. and australia are two major countries that do n't use relegatio .
 teen in jail for months over 'sarcastic ' facebook threat <sec> teen held since february on charges related to facebook comment .  justin carter , 19 , was arguing over an online video game .  father says a sarcastic joke was misinterpreted .  online petition to free carter has nearly 35,000 signature .
 at ted , miracles and fears <sec> ted conference featured edward snowden via telepresence robot .  an nsa deputy director appeared on video to counter snowden .  much of conference focused on the startling gains and ethical issues of technology .  ballroom dancer who lost leg in boston bombing danced agai .
 stolen 9/11 flag returned to owner in time for july 4 <sec> a stolen 9/11 flag was returned to a long island family .  the flag was a gift to the sister of a firefighter who lost his life on 9/11 .  the flag was taken before the fourth of july .  melissa ielpi-brenge turned to social media to spread the word about what happene .
 no leaks from grounded drill rig off alaska , coast guard says <sec> new : alaska official says the state is looking for signs of environmental damage .  the grounded drilling barge kulluk shows no sign of leaking fuel , the coast guard says .  a tug had to set the rig free during a severe storm monday .  the rig 's crew of 18 evacuated on saturda .
 ukraine leader to end sick leave , protesters remain on streets <sec> yanukovych is said to be feeling good after treatment .  yanukovych went on sick leave thursday with `` acute respiratory disease '' .  thousands of protesters remain out in kiev streets on sunday .  ukraine rattled by protests , then clashes , since novembe .
 pirates release hijacked greek vessel <sec> navios apollo hijacked in gulf of aden on december 28 .  the vessel was carrying 19 crew members .  crew members were freed sunday and are sailing to oma .
 storytellers share their tales for live audience <sec> carapace is an oral storytelling group that has people tell true stories before an audience .  rules : tell a personal story , keep it to five minutes , no notes , no political rants , no poetry .  the moth runs storytelling competitions in new york , los angeles , detroit and chicag .
 ten mystery diseases you 've never heard of <sec> a look at some of the rarest diseases in the world .  morgellons sufferers say strange fibers emerge from their bodies .  others like progeria sees the aging process accelerate much faster than usua .
 review : droid bionic a powerful shape-shifter with some baggage <sec> droid bionic is a massive smartphone that can also work as a laptop , work station .  the phone 's shape-shifting ability re-imagines what a smartphone is designed to do .  accessories are expensive and , sometimes , their integration with the phone is wonky .  the bionic is powerful , but its battery life leaves something to be desire .
 meet india 's red brigade : the teens fighting back against rape <sec> the red brigade is a group of young girls fighting against sexual abuse .  many sex crimes against women go unreported in india due to cultural stigma .  rape of a young girl on a public bus in delhi in december provoked outrage .  many feel women 's issues , including sexual abuse , are not taken seriousl .
 tennessee sludge spill runs over homes , water <sec> wall breach sends sludge downhill , causing damage to 15 homes .  spokesman says 400 acres are coated by more than 500 million gallons of sludge .  area affected is bigger than exxon valdez oil spill , spokesman says .  footage shows dead fish , but sludge ca n't be deemed toxic until tests are don .
 lawyer : woman facing stoning in iran has been whipped <sec> new : the times of london publishes a scathing editorial condemning iranian authorities .  an iranian woman sentenced to be killed was whipped for another offense , a lawyer says .  he says he heard it from a woman who was in prison with her .  french foreign minister vows to help sakineh mohammadi ashtian .
 mystery ash covers parts of pacific northwest <sec> emergency officials say it could be coming from russia or mexico .  the only way to be sure is to conduct scientific testing on the substanc .
 russia puts northern fleet on 'full alert ' <sec> russia 's land , sea and air drill will involve 38,000 troops , 41 ships and 110 aircraft .  kremlin calls drill routine , but diplomat says russia is `` very concerned '' by nato drills .  operation atlantic resolve billed as response to russian actions in ukraine , crime .
 u.s. dismisses latest missile provocation by north korea <sec> u.s. does not believe north korea intends to launch long-range missile soon .  sea of japan mariners warned to be clear due to `` military firing exercise '' .  japanese media reported north korea may fire a missile at hawaii on july 4 .  north korea recently threatened to `` wipe out '' the u.s. if provoke .
