 rossi takes phillip island honors after marquez error <sec> valentino rossi wins australian motogp at phillip island .  second win of season for legendary italian .  champion marc marquez goes off while leading .  rossi was securing his 82nd win at motorcycling 's highest leve .
 opinion : obama heckler got it right <sec> heckler wanted president obama to stop deportations with executive order .  ruben navarrette : obama said he could n't make law , yet he has used executive orders before .  navarrette : obama created the deferred action for childhood arrivals without congress ' ok .  navarrette says obama acts without congress only on issues important to hi .
 abducted california boy , 3 , found in mexico <sec> new : briant rodriguez found wandering streets in mexicali , police say .  new : boy 's tearful reunion with mother `` a beautiful thing , '' police official says .  boy had been missing since may 3 , when armed men burst into his family 's home .  suspects still on the loose as of saturday evening , according to authoritie .
 chavanel 'floating on cloud ' after reclaiming tour de france lead <sec> quick step rider sylvain chavanel returns to top of tour de france standings .  frenchman wins his second stage of this year 's race , the seventh leg to station des rousses .  he leads two-time runner-up cadel evans by one minute and 25 seconds .  previous leader fabian cancellara fell more than 13 minutes off chavanel 's pac .
 police : california school counselor taped students having sex <sec> counselor at california high school faces multiple charges .  he allegedly made videos of students having sex in his office .  the drug counselor also is facing child pornography charges .  gilbert olivares pleaded not guilty at arraignmen .
 first nato trucks move into afghanistan from pakistan after 7-month closure <sec> new : party leader imran khan criticizes decision to reopen routes .  because afghanistan is landlocked , supplies have to be trucked in from pakistan .  pakistan reopens routes after clinton apologizes for `` friendly fire '' incident that killed 24 .  transporters who resume supplies will face consequences , the taliban sa .
 murder victim 's sister issues plea as amanda knox appeal looms <sec> final arguments are set for monday in amanda knox 's appeal .  knox was convicted of killing roommate meredith kercher in 2007 .  new dna analysis may call her conviction into question .  kercher 's sister says she has been forgotten in the `` media frenzy .
 can faded stars stimulate indian football ? <sec> indian premier league soccer announces it will launch in late february .  the tournament has echoes of india 's successful ipl cricket competition .  former stars such as robert pires , fabio cannavaro and jay-jay okocha involved .  six franchises will play each other in a bid to boost soccer in indi .
 disney producer 'misspoke ' : sofia the first not latina <sec> disney 's sofia the first is not a latina character .  national hispanic media coalition met with disney to discuss the matter .  disney junior has new project under way with latina as the heroine of the show .  nhmc lauds disney 's commitment to diversit .
 attorney : haleigh cummings ' father filing for divorce <sec> haleigh cummings ' father plans to file for divorce from the girl 's stepmother .  haleigh went missing from father 's home in satsuma , florida , on february 9 .  misty cummings was ronald cummings ' girlfriend when haleigh went missing .  investigators said they think misty cummings has not told them everythin .
 oil baron 's wind farm project hits doldrums <sec> t. boone pickens shelves plans for building world 's largest wind farm .  pampa wind project in texas panhandle was to have powered 1.3 million homes .  pickens says transmission issues , capital markets make project unfeasible .  in 2008 , united states became world 's leading provider of wind powe .
 pregnant catherine , duchess of cambridge , names cruise ship <sec> duchess of cambridge names a new princess cruises ship , the royal princess .  she smashes a bottle of champagne against the ship 's hull for good luck .  catherine and prince william are expecting their first child next month .  the baby will be heir to the british throne regardless of its gende .
 islamic community center developer seeks federal funding <sec> developer has asked lower manhattan development corp. for funds .  grant would fund a number of programs at controversial center .  agency charged with helping rebuild lower manhattan neighborhood after 9/11 attacks .  lmdc has $ 17 million in federal funds ; $ 175 million in request .
 immigration q & a ; : amnesty or path to citizenship ? <sec> push to get immigration reform through congress shows power of latino vote in last election .  reid says immigration reform bill would be labeled s-1 , the senate 's first bill in the new congress .  senators announced their bill ahead of obama to try to convey a bipartisan tone to their effort .  outlook in the house is iffy -- some conservatives do n't agree with path to citizenshi .
 alex trebek injured chasing a burglar out of his hotel room <sec> the game show host appeared at a nat geo event on crutches .  trebek says he ruptured his achilles tendon chasing the burglar .  trebek says he is `` fine '' and surgery will be friday .  a woman was arrested and charged with burglary , receiving stolen propert .
 alarm in hong kong at chinese white paper affirming beijing control <sec> a chinese white paper affirming its control over hong kong 's affairs is proving controversial .  it asserts the ultimate power rests with beijing , and national considerations are paramount .  it comes amid debate on electoral reforms ahead of hong kong 's 2017 vote .  campaigners are seeking universal suffrage ; others want only `` pro-china '' candidate .
 zoo atlanta 's baby pandas get cute <sec> twin pandas were born at the zoo atlanta on july 15 .  cnn 's alina machado and john murgatroyd watched cub `` a '' get a vet check .  check out the instagram photos and footage they sho .
 girl 's remark to michelle obama causes stir in peru , too <sec> daisy cuevas makes news when she tells michelle obama her mom does n't have papers .  daisy 's older sister , yuly , shares in the limelight at her school in peru .  the girls ' mother left peru eight years ago in search of a better life in the u.s . .  girls ' grandparents in peru fear daughter 's deportation , but they 're proud of dais .
 anchor worried she 'might throw up ' on camera <sec> cnn.com live anchor 's curiosity beats butterflies at first u.s. `` zorb '' site .  pigeon forge , tennessee , also offers indoor skydiving , dollywood , go-karts .  `` zorbonauts '' enter plastic zorb ball and bounce 1,000 feet downhill at 30 mph .  indoor skydiving over jet engine `` more difficult than it looks .
 cnn reporter , briefly in syria , hears 'horror ' stories <sec> new : `` they set our fields on fire , destroyed our homes , '' one woman says .  trees provided the only shelter at a makeshift campsite in northwest syria .  4 european countries say the u.n. security council should act ; russia and china disagree .  rights groups and the government give conflicting accounts of violenc .
 1,200 nasa workers to be laid off <sec> the nasa budget approved by congress will extend the shuttle program until next june .  as the shuttle program ends , more than 9,000 nasa workers will lose their job .
 thai lawmakers vote to impeach former pm yingluck <sec> yingluck shinawatra says she will `` fight to prove my innocence to the very end '' .  she is being investigated for her role in a failed rice subsidy scheme .  ex-pm is the sister of thaksin shinawatra , who was overthrown as prime minister in a 2006 military cou .
 leaders work to stop illegal wildlife trade risking elephants , rhinos <sec> prince charles and prince william speak out against illegal wildlife trade .  the royal father and son are taking part in an international summit in london .  william : `` we have to be the generation that stopped the illegal wildlife trade '' .  poachers are killing growing numbers of elephants and rhinos for the trad .
 'the hunger games ' ignites the ala 's list of most challenged books <sec> american library association releases its annual list of most frequently challenged books .  `` the hunger games '' books occupy the number three position .  ala counted 327 reported attempts to restrict or remove books from schools and librarie .
 latest updates on travel to bangkok amid protests , violence <sec> bangkok and parts of nearby prefectures remain under state of emergency following protests , violence .  tourists to bangkok should remain on high alert .  bangkok 's two airports remain open .  no foreign tourists have been injured in any clashe .
 charge dismissed against woman who videotaped police encounter <sec> charge dropped against emily good , who was arrested for videotaping a police encounter .  good is a community activist who was concerned about racial profiling .  city officials support the decision to drop the charge and announce an internal revie .
 review : 'sleeping beauty ' is an elusive adult fairytale <sec> emily browning plays lucy , a college student who takes on a series of menial jobs .  lucy has the willpower to dissociate mind from body -- to mentally switch off .  `` sleeping beauty '' does n't go far enough down either route to reach any firm conclusion .
 commentary : why it 's good to have former senators in charge <sec> bill frist says it 's time for a new beginning in america .  frist says we 're fortunate obama , biden were in the senate .  senate relies on cooperation between majority and minority , frist says .  frist : mccain can play a key role in continuing to reach across the aisl .
 arthur ashe : u.s. sport 's greatest black icon ? <sec> arthur ashe won three grand slam titles .  first african american to achieve feat of winning a slam .  died aged 49 in 1993 of aids related illness from an infected blood transfusion .  stadium court at flushing meadows named in his hono .
 protesters in ireland rally for abortion rights <sec> strict laws are under fire after the death of a woman who was refused an abortion .  `` never again , never again , '' protesters chant in the irish capital .  the irish government has said it will investigate halappanavar 's deat .
 chinese hackers infiltrated u.s. companies , attorney general says <sec> state department says washington , beijing need to talk more about the issue .  indictment alleges five people 's liberation army officers hacked computers .  united steel workers union , westinghouse , alcoa among victims , eric holder says .  china foreign ministry spokesman calls charges `` extremely absurd .
 egyptian army , demonstrators stand off in tahrir square <sec> new : apparent military effort to reopen tahrir square is rebuffed .  new : when mubarak leaves , they will leave , the protesters say .  the tahrir square protesters form a human chain to block tanks from entering .  scuffles broke out when soldiers knocked down some barricades , a witness say .
 murder-suicide claims indiana doctor , nurse on wedding night , police say <sec> kelly ecker , a nurse , and dr. george scott samson marry over weekend .  guests notice tension as the newlyweds do n't talk to each other at reception .  after last guest leaves a party , police get a 911 call from wife about her husband .  the couple is dead in what police say is a murder-suicid .
 mike fleiss says no 'bachelor pad ' this summer <sec> abc confirmed that `` bachelor pad '' will not return this year .  `` pad '' has been a solid little player for abc in the summer months .  `` pad '' launched in august of 2010 as an elimination-style game sho .
 two protesters arrested outside dick cheney 's home <sec> protesters from two anti-war groups were on what the groups called a `` torturers tour '' .  police said two were arrested when they refused to leave dick cheney 's propert .
 copenhagen : where to shop <sec> strøget , a collection of pedestrianized streets , is the city 's shopping hub .  illums bolighus has four floors of modern scandinavian design .  bruuns bazaar sells clothing from the popular and stylish bruuns label .  det blå pakhus is an indoor flea market and has some great bargain .
 park ji-sung - a national icon <sec> park scored the winning goal against portugal in the 2002 world cup .  played for psv eindhoven before joining manchester united .  the midfielder plans to build a park ji-sung football center in his hometow .
 edward snowden : my father and his legal team do not speak for me <sec> edward snowden emailed a statement to the huffington post .  in it , he says his father 's legal team does `` not possess special knowledge regarding my situation '' .  `` none of them have been or are involved in my current situation , '' the statement says .  snowden 's statement followed a news report about a rif .
 20/20 vision : can black caviar do it ? <sec> superstar mare black caviar will make history if she wins at morphetville .  the australian horse is bidding for her 20th win from 20 races .  if successful , she will beat american thoroughbred zenyatta .  sports-mad australian crowd will be backing homegrown champio .
 chris mcdaniel : a mississippi son 's challenge <sec> the mississippi senate runoff is june 24 .  chris mcdaniel is challenging sen. thad cochran in a tense showdown .  mcdaniel is a lawyer , former radio host and grandson of country music star jeff daniels .  mcdaniels is no stranger to taking on veteran politico .
 malta foreign minister : country ' can not offer ' migrants opportunities <sec> malta receives a subsidy from the european refugee fund to deal with the influx of asylum seekers . .  between january and september of last year , 31,000 migrants are believed to have entered the european union illegally . .  european nations such as germany and sweden have already opened there doors to refugees fleeing war in the home nation .
 'agitators ' in ferguson come from around u.s . <sec> new : highway patrol chief : 50 to 60 arrests , including `` some outsiders '' .  those arrested include residents of chicago , new york , and elsewhere .  `` they 're fools . .  they are a disgrace , '' a state senator says .  `` we do n't need these antagonizers out here , '' a protester say .
 tutu : family feud is almost 'like spitting in ' mandela 's face <sec> new : mandela getting kidney dialysis , source says .  tutu intervened after a bitter dispute among relatives of the anti-apartheid icon .  the bitter squabble is over the burial of mandela 's three children .  they were exhumed and reburied this week in mandela 's boyhood home of qun .
 the bob gates memoir : five notable quotes <sec> bob gates ' memoir includes quitting fantasies , fears for troops .  bush and obama `` had much more in common than i expected , '' ex-pentagon chief writes .  gates served as defense secretary from 2006 to 2011 .  in the end , `` i was just exhausted from the daily fights , '' he write .
 newspapers use social media to say 'smart is the new sexy ' <sec> newspaper association of america has a new ad campaign to raise newspaper awareness .  naa ceo says the campaign is using social media platforms to spark a `` national dialogue '' .  campaign is aims to generate tweets , facebook posts and videos from consumers .  three ads will run for six weeks in more than 1,000 member newspapers , digitally and in prin .
 dolly parton : 'i know i 'm a bit over-exaggerated ' <sec> u.s. singer-songwriter tells cnn about her dedication to her image .  dolly parton worked her way from a small country town to the world stage .  has released more than 40 albums , won numerous awards and accolades .  parton : `` i know i 'm a bit over-exaggerated ; i wear too much makeup .
 model cameron russell : i get what i do n't deserve <sec> model cameron russell 's ted talk has been viewed more than a million times .  she says , as winner of `` genetic lottery , '' she has been able to have a modeling career .  her looks fit a narrow definition of beauty , she says .  russell : i work hard but my modeling career gives my views undeserved attentio .
 cnn student news transcript : december 13 , 2010 <sec> a winter storm hammers the midwest with more snow than some spots could handle .  there may not be room for two leaders in cote d'ivoire following recent elections .  the original rules of basketball are apparently worth more than $ 4 million .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 sources : u.s. pulling last special forces out of yemen <sec> yemen 's deposed president lashes out at houthi rebels in a speech .  sources : u.s. special operations forces are being evacuated from al anad airbase .  the u.s. military had worked with yemen 's government to go after terrorists ther .
 justin bieber in accident involving pedestrian <sec> pedestrian injured in incident with justin bieber .  bieber 's car was surrounded by paparazzi , pinned photog .  lapd says no sign of hit-and-run .  bieber has been involved in several incidents involving his car .
 911 call from triple homicide released ; police seek suspect in case <sec> only one person survived a shooting near atlanta on september 15 .  police say the suspect , robert bell , could be traveling to chicago or tennessee .  the suspect is considered armed and dangerou .
 maryland governor signs death penalty repeal <sec> there are five men currently on maryland 's death row .  the governor signs a bill repealing the death penalty in maryland .  the state instead will seek sentences of life without possibility of parol .
 panel urges fda to take another look at mercury dental fillings <sec> advisory panel recommends re-evaluation of mercury in dental fillings .  the fda ruled in 2009 that the mercury is not harmful .  updated data should be examined , the panel say .
 bob barker touts bill to protect traveling circus animals <sec> bob barker urges passage of the traveling exotic animal protection act .  in a capitol hill news conference , he tells of violence used to train animals .  animal protection advocate tells of confined lives of large show animals .  actress jorga fox : `` our kids look to us to do what is right .
 seoul 's incheon airport voted best <sec> incheon boasts a golf course , spa , private sleeping rooms , casino , indoor gardens .  survey asks 8.6 million passengers at 190 airports to rate facilities .  incheon barely edges out hong kong 's and singapore 's airports .  dubai voted tops for duty-free shops ; helsinki-vantaa voted least likely to lose bag .
 napoli go top with win at 10-man inter <sec> inter milan beaten 3-0 at home by napoli as joel obi is sent off in first half .  visitors top italian league table ahead of juventus-ac milan clash on sunday .  coach claudio ranieri suffers his first defeat in charge of inter .  malaga went top in spain with a last-gasp 3-2 victory at home to getaf .
 ukraine : 6 soldiers killed in ambush <sec> new : six soldiers killed near kramatorsk .  luhansk `` people 's governor '' is injured in an attack on his vehicle , his press office says .  the names of 13 people newly sanctioned by the european union are released .  canada announces sanctions on six russian and six ukrainian citizen .
 grape expectations : making wine taste good at 35,000 feet <sec> airlines might be cutting costs but not when it comes to their annual wine budget .  wines must be carefully chosen for consumption at altitude as human palette changes .  doug frost , united airlines master sommelier , tells cnn how he makes his pick .
 change your name after marriage -- why ? <sec> women 's names are important to their identities , writer argues .  in iran , muslim women by law keep their own name after marriage .  so do women in belgium , france , italy , the netherlands , chile , malaysia .  buy a cd from mariah cannon or mariah carey ; barbra brolin or barbra streisan .
 'one party , two coalitions ' -- china 's factional politics <sec> chinese communist party not monolithic , united entity .  analysts say party broadly divided between informal `` elitist '' and `` populist '' coalitions .  upper echelons of chinese leadership about evenly split between the elitists and populists .  party adopts collaborative approach of collective leadership rather than zero-sum game mentalit .
 building hurricane pushes waves toward mexican coast <sec> hurricane dora strengthens into category 2 storm .  it has maximum sustained winds of 90 miles per hour .  a tropical storm warning is in effect for southwestern mexic .
 susan sarandon 's 'guard dogs ' vacation , burglars hit <sec> burlgars took sarandon 's laptop , camera and jewelry , police say .  `` guess that 's what happens when the guard dogs go on vacation , '' she tweet .
 dutch teens charged in linesman 's death <sec> three dutch teenagers charged with manslaughter following death of a soccer official .  assistant referee richard nieuwenhuizen was beaten up by three teen players .  he had been officiating during an amateur game involving his club buitenboys .  the trio were arrested at their amsterdam home on sunday , according to report .
 u.s. : intelligence points to small-scale use of sarin in syria <sec> democrat and republican lawmakers call for action , but differ on what next steps should be .  intel assessment on sarin use is not final evidence , a state department spokesman says .  u.s. defense secretary says syrian regime may have used sarin .  `` limited but persuasive '' evidence of chemical weapons use , british foreign office say .
