 alec baldwin ticks off greyhound <sec> alec baldwin : flying has become `` a greyhound bus experience '' .  greyhound president and ceo dave leach says he 's disheartened by the comments .  leach to actor : `` i ask you to give us a try and see ... that we 're really a great way to travel .
 fritzl jailed for life in dungeon incest case <sec> josef fritzl jailed for life after he was convicted of all charges including murder .  austrian kept daughter in cellar for decades , fathered her 7 children .  eight-member jury returned unanimous verdict on all six counts .  fritzl will serve sentence at detention facility for mentally abnormal offender .
 can liverpool end two decades of hurt ? <sec> liverpool plays manchester united in the english premier league on sunday .  liverpool is bidding to win the english championship for the first time since 1990 .  man utd is the most successful club in english history , with 20 championships .  but united has struggled under new manager david moye .
 anc handily wins south african elections <sec> new : electoral commission reports just over 73 % turnout .  anc garners 62.2 % of the vote ; the closest contender gets 22. % .  still , the anc 's overall percentage is less than it got in 2009 .  the party of nelson mandela has been dogged by scandal .
 appeal filed for sudan woman sentenced to death for her christianity <sec> meriam yehya ibrahim considers herself christian , but a court says she 's muslim .  a khartoum court convicted her of apostasy , or the renunciation of faith .  the court also found her guilty of adultery for being married to a christia .
 'star wars ' in 3-d : 'the fool , or the fool who follows him ? ' <sec> lucasfilm ltd. announced they would return the `` star wars '' movies to theaters , this time in 3-d .  some `` star wars '' fans are not happy with updates to the franchise .  could `` star wars '' fans be partially to blame for lucas ' tweaking .
 'eric the eel ' dreams of olympic return <sec> cnn talks to eric moussambani , better known as `` eric the eel '' .  equatorial guinea athlete became a worldwide celebrity for the worst swim ever .  he finished 100 meters freestyle heat at sydney 2000 in double the world record time .  now 34 , moussambani is hoping to return to the olympics at rio in 201 .
 u.s . ambassador crocker to step down from afghan post <sec> state department says ryan crocker is leaving due to health reasons .  crocker will stay on until july .  crocker became the u.s. ambassador to afghanistan last july .  the u.s. ambassador to pakistan also will step down this summe .
 american doctor who survived ebola returns to liberia <sec> american dr. rick sacra was medevaced back to the u.s. sick with ebola .  he got sick while treating patients in liberia .  he is heading back to continue his work in a medical facility ther .
 pulling children out of nepal 's prisons <sec> in nepal , many children have little choice but to live in prison with their incarcerated parents .  fortunately , more and more are finding special homes like the one run by pushpa basnet .  basnet also operates a day care in kathmandu for children under 6 years old .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroe .
 commentary : holocaust love story an insult to the survivors <sec> deborah lipstadt : people raised questions about holocaust love story .  she says backers of the story rejected the doubts .  lipstadt says such tales give ammunition to holocaust deniers .  she also says the fake story insults the memory of the survivor .
 who was ponzi -- what the heck was his scheme ? <sec> charles ponzi was a real person who swindled investors in a postal scam .  ponzi pocketed millions and enjoyed life but a publisher was suspicious .  wall street journal 's clarence barron printed front page story slamming ponzi .  ponzi served time , was deported and died in 1949 -- buried in a pauper 's grav .
 animal welfare activists : horse racing industry needs reform <sec> an estimated 15 thoroughbreds die on american racetracks every week .  those that survive may be auctioned to slaughterhouses or euthanized .  animal welfare activists are pushing for federal regulation of the horse racing industr .
 judge questions prosecution evidence in conrad murray trial <sec> new : appeals court denies the defense petition for a delay in the trial 's start .  conrad murray 's attorneys argue michael jackson may have drank drug that killed him .  prosecutors say a study shows self-ingestion could not have killed jackson .  jury selection begins thursday in murray 's involuntary manslaughter tria .
 brazil survive u.s. scare to win confed cup <sec> brazil come from two goals down to beat u.s. 3-2 in confederations cup final .  clint dempsey and landon donovan put americans ahead in first half-hour .  luis fabiano pulls one back 41 seconds after half-time and then levels score .  captain lucio heads home the winner in the 84th minute as brazil retain titl .
 egypt 's interim leader : i 'll give proposed protest law closer look <sec> the proposed law would restrict groups ' abilities to conduct protests in egypt .  adly mansour , egypt 's interim president , will review the measure , state media report .  human rights groups and political parties have decried the cabinet-approved measure .  nour party : `` the ( proposed ) protest law is dangerous and sensitive .
 north dakota paper reviews ban on same-sex wedding announcements <sec> fargo forum rejects same-sex couple 's wedding announcement .  image of e-mail shared on twitter , facebook , ireport , prompts change.org petition .  fargo forum editor and publisher meet with couple , promise to review decision .  couple says ensuing support outweighs initial disappointmen .
 for schoolchildren , where 's the water ? <sec> parents assume water at their kids ' schools is a given , but access is a problem .  congress passed the healthy , hunger-free kids act of 2010 in december .  educators say the federal government should help pay for water if it 's mandate .
 at & t collects iphone user complaints about poor service <sec> 'mark the spot ' app lets iphone users submit complaints about poor coverage .  at & t says app part of company 's commitment to listening to customers .  gps technology used in app for iphone 3g or 3gs to pinpoint area of proble .
 obama raps bowl championship series : 'we need a playoff ' <sec> florida beat oklahoma , 24-14 , in thursday night 's bcs championship game .  ncaa 's bowl championship series has been accused of unfairness .  bcs relies on polls and rankings instead of actual competition .  college football playoff act of 2008 asks for `` fair and equitable playoff system .
 surprise ! mom packed you a nice gun <sec> new york police say a queens mom put guns in her son 's school backpack .  she says she forgot to take them out before school .  the discovery of the guns caused a lockdown .  now the mom is facing charges and two of her sons are in protective custod .
 top apple exec : instagram has 'jumped the shark ' <sec> five million users signed up in the first five days of instagram launching on android .  apple 's marketing chief phil schiller did n't like the app going to android , deleted his account .  schiller : i really liked that the app was a small community of early adopter .
 al qaeda claims it killed american in yemen <sec> the victim 's employer says the american was not a missionary .  al qaeda in the arabian peninsula accused the vicim of spreading christianity .  a provincial security head identifies the victim as joel shrum .  the yemeni government says it killed 14 islamic militant .
 did the u.s. overreact to 9/11 ? <sec> 9/11 led u.s. to strike back at al qaeda and take smart measures , says fareed zakaria .  he says in the years after attacks , u.s. has overestimated threat from al qaeda .  he says group is on the run and widely discredited in the muslim world .  zakaria : u.s. needs to scale its security policies and bureaucracy to the actual threa .
 museum discovers 'new ' van gogh painting <sec> `` still life with meadow flowers and roses '' dismissed as work of unknown artist .  large format , subject , and signature all pointed to painting being by someone other than van gogh .  new high-tech x-ray imaging revealed underpainting of wrestlers , details of pigments used .  experts say they are now confident that the piece is definitely by `` sunflowers '' artist van gog .
 attorney : alex rodriguez had 'consulting relationship ' with biogenesis <sec> new york yankees star alex rodriguez is appealing a 211-game suspension .  he is accused of taking performance-enhancing drugs .  attorney says rodriguez was one of many athletes who consulted for biogenesi .
 transit hotels : get to sleep during your stopover <sec> transit hotels are short-stay locales in security checks in airports and close to terminals .  rates at transit hotels vary but are often cheaper than regular hotels .  one of the most popular transit hotels is at singapore 's changi , one of the world 's busiest airport .
 mexican doctors protest border city violence <sec> doctors say they are increasingly the victims of violence .  one says they want to deny treatment to criminals .  a group demands that more federal agents investigate unsolved crimes .  the protest occurs in ciudad juarez , across the border from el paso , texa .
 supreme court secretly recorded on camera <sec> advocacy group on campaign finance reform recorded video during an oral argument .  the recording was made as a spectator began talking loudly about campaign finance .  there was no explanation about how a camera was smuggled into the courtroom .  the video was posted on youtub .
 police : former guantanamo detainee among uk terror arrests <sec> police : moazzam begg is among four arrested on suspicion of syria-related offenses .  police : he 's suspected of attending a terrorist training camp , aiding overseas terrorism .  begg spent nearly three years at bagram airbase and the guantanamo bay prison camp .  he was released in 2005 and sent back to britai .
 can anxiety kill your ability to love ? <sec> anxiety disorders cost the united states more than $ 42 billion a year .  daniel smith : no number can ever reflect the truly tragic burden of anxiety .  he says what anxiety costs sufferers the most is the ability to love .  smith : having lost , regained love , he knows it 's critical to mitigate conditio .
 stolen cannes jewels worth close to $ 136m , official says <sec> a police official said earlier that the jewels were worth about $ 53 million .  the heist is the third major gem or jewelry robbery in the cannes area this year .  sunday 's heist happened at a jewelry exhibition at the carlton hote .
 tibetan who burned herself to death had head injury , china says <sec> china says a tibetan who set herself on fire had lost `` her courage for life '' .  tibetan rights groups say tibetans are self-immolating to protest chinese rule .  three tibetans reportedly burned themselves to death between saturday and monday .  this month marks the anniversary of tibetan protests in 2008 that ended in bloodshe .
 egypt 's top court rules parliament invalid <sec> the upper house , or shura council , holds legislative powers .  it will be dissolved after a new lower house is elected , state-run ahram reports .  the court dissolved the lower house of parliament last yea .
 cnn student news - january 29 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 51st state ? california politician pushes secession plan <sec> a republican supervisor in riverside county is fed up with california 's financial woes .  he has drawn plans for 13 counties to form the 51st state .  the would-be state 's name : south california .  a summit of the local state leaders will consider the ide .
 pakistani taliban claims responsibility for suicide attack at funeral <sec> new : a grenade is found at the site of the blast , police say .  new : the taliban says it will continue to attack those who support the united states .  the incident occurs at a funeral in northwest pakistan .  police say the woman was the wife of a member of a pro-government militia grou .
 pat summerall , legendary nfl announcer , dies at 82 <sec> hospital spokesman : pat summerall dies of cardiac arrest at age 82 .  fans , friends mourn the football player turned legendary play-by-play announcer .  dallas cowboys owner jerry jones says summerall was `` royalty in the broadcast booth '' .  john madden : `` pat summerall is the voice of football and always will be .
 saudi arabia 's king abdullah dies <sec> the funeral for king abdullah will be held friday .  analysts are predicting a smooth political transition .  the next king will be prince salman bin abdulaziz , state tv report .
 candidates head for runoff in guatemalan presidential election <sec> retired gen. otto perez molina gets the most votes , but must face a runoff .  businessman manuel baldizon is poised for a second-place finish .  the organization of american states criticizes slow vote-counting .  dealing with widespread violence has figured heavily in the campaig .
 troops strike in afghan mountains <sec> hundreds of u.s. and afghan soldiers embark on major operation in tora bora .  they are using air , ground strikes to target al qaeda , taliban .  osama bin laden was once thought to be hiding in remote mountain region .  u.s. army : no substantiated reports of civilian casualtie .
 iran sentences 11 demonstrators to death <sec> eleven rioters sentenced to death for post-election riots , according to iranian press .  two of the sentences have been carried out ; the rest are under appeal , isna said .  anti-government demonstrations began after the disputed june 12 presidential vote .  witnesses said hundreds of protesters were arrested on the ashura holy day on december 2 .
 five things that could topple facebook 's empire <sec> facebook is nearing 500 million users , but is it invincible ? .  a poll says people are as happy with facebook as they are with their cable company .  there are rumors that google is hatching its own social network system .  location-centric services are gaining users at the rate that facebook used t .
 vettel back on pole again as he edges hamilton in hungary <sec> sebastian vettel takes pole for hungarian grand prix in budapest .  vettel edges out lewis hamilton ( mclaren ) in final qualifying .  hamilton 's mclaren teamate jenson button third fastest .  red bull 's vettel has been on pole for eight of 11 starts this seaso .
 'horse yoga ' tames more than animals <sec> doma india is a school in argentina that practices ancient horse taming methods .  a video of a wrangler at the school performing atop a horse went viral on the internet .  spectacular poses have been passed down through generations of local tribe .
 former cosmo editor gurley brown dead at 90 <sec> helen gurley brown died monday after a brief hospitalization .  she was cosmo 's editor in chief for more than 30 years .  she helped develop the women 's magazine into one of the world 's most popular .  in later years , she was editor in chief of cosmo 's international edition .
 body of abducted colombian governor found <sec> governor 's body is found by colombian troops in an area close to his home .  luis francisco cuellar carvajal was governor of the department or state of caqueta .  authorities suspect farc leftist colombian rebels responsible for the kidnapping .  it was fifth time governor had been kidnapped ; one of his bodyguards was kille .
 the power struggle tearing apart bolshoi <sec> an attack on bolshoi theater 's artistic director has put the institution in the spotlight .  phil black says the theater 's general director and a dancer are fighting for control .  dancer nikolai tsiskaridze has had two warnings for speaking to media without permission .  a court has overturned one , but tsiskaridze says he is fighting for the bolshoi 's futur .
 most blacks say mlk 's vision fulfilled , poll finds <sec> 69 percent of blacks polled say martin luther king jr 's vision realized .  slim majority of whites say king 's vision not fulfilled .  king gave his `` i have a dream '' speech in 196 .
 missed cannes this year ? social media is here to help <sec> cnn went behind the scenes at cannes film festival .  and we basically went mad on instagram . .  this is the result .
 rain clobbers east ; expect travel delays <sec> half a million homes remained without power across northeast , mid-atlantic region .  winds reached hurricane-force levels in some places .  winds dying down , but flooding remains a threat .  midwest , north dakota dealing with their own flooding problem .
 guantanamo bay : what happens when detainees finally get out ? <sec> about 17 % of gitmo detainees return to terrorist activities , report says .  as of last month , the guantanamo bay detention facility had 154 detainees .  not everyone at guantanamo bay has been found guilty of terroris .
 luxury goods stay on trend <sec> luxury brand name goods are bucking the trend of falling retail sales .  retail sales fell by 2.5 % in the eurozone during 2011 .  burberry , louis vuitton and prada have all reported double digit sales growth in recent month .
 azarenka and sharapova both in doubt for start of u.s. open <sec> victoria azarenka is struggling for full fitness after heavy schedule this season .  australian open champion will also miss next week 's cincinnati masters .  belarus star is hoping to make it past fourth round at flushing meadows for first time .  second-ranked maria sharapova withdraws from second consecutive event due to illnes .
 new tank burns at venezuela refinery ; death toll rises <sec> death toll rises to 48 , two days after an initial explosion there , governor says .  scores more people were injured .  the blast damaged refinery infrastructure and ripped through nearby homes .  on sunday , president hugo chavez arrived at the refinery to survey the damag .
 ukraine 's government resigns as parliament scraps anti-protest laws <sec> senior european official urges restraint , dialogue between parties in ukraine .  president viktor yanukovych accepts resignation of prime minister and cabinet .  parliament debates legislation that might give amnesty to arrested protesters .  lawmakers vote by an overwhelming majority to repeal sweeping anti-protest law .
 putin : you better not come after a nuclear-armed russia <sec> putin : russia does n't want big conflicts , but it will be ready if they happen .  russia is a `` powerful nuclear nation , '' he says .  uk source : up to 5,000 russian troops are in ukraine , 20,000 more on border .  nato chief says russia is trying to `` destabilize ukraine as a sovereign nation .
 in haiti , palin urges u.s. to do more to help <sec> palin holds a brief press conference outside port-au-prince .  she declines to take questions from reporters .  palin is traveling with samaritan 's purse evangelical aid organization .  the visit comes as haiti is fighting a massive cholera outbrea .
 world reacts to iranian election result <sec> u.s. vice president joe biden : questions need to be asked about vote .  uk : we admire passion of the election , iran needs to address fears about fairness .  eu presidency : hopes outcome sees opportunity for dialogue on nuclear issue .  turkish media : president , prime minister have offered congratulation .
 tennis : nadal injured , murray into semis <sec> rafael nadal quits the australian open injured to see andy murray progress to semis .  american andy roddick is beaten by marin cilic of croatia after four-hour battle .  murray to face cilic in the semis while roger federer takes on nikolay davydenk .
 u.s. firm , subsidiaries admit role in sending military software to china <sec> military technology was illegally sold to china by an american multinational firm .  it helped china develop and produce its first advanced attack helicopter , u.s. officials say .  united technologies corporation agrees to pay more than $ 75 million as part of a settlement .  pratt & whitney canada pleads guilty on thursday to violating the arms export control ac .
 raja casablanca deny ronaldinho at fifa club world cup <sec> moroccan champions raja casablanca deafeat brazil 's atletico mineiro 3-1 .  raja will now face bayern munich in fifa club world cup final on saturday .  brazil world cup winner ronaldinho denied despite scoring in the semifinal .  bayern munich gunning for a fifth trophy of 2013 in the final in morocc .
 police : in florida girl 's slaying , generous offer led to deadly crime <sec> donald james smith has pleaded not guilty to kidnapping and murder charges .  smith had promised to buy the girl 's family clothes and hamburgers , a sheriff 's official says .  cherish lilly perrywinkle 's mother reported that she was missing from a walmar .
 nigeria : arrested women recruited for boko haram <sec> women were recruiting for militant group , government says .  this effort involved finding women for marriage .  boko haram blamed for recurring violence in nigeri .
