 extra time double sees celtic snatch cup <sec> celtic defeat rivals rangers 2-0 to win scottish league cup final at hampden .  extra-time goals by darren o'dea and aiden mcgeady secure cup for celtic .  the result will give celtic a boost as they battle with rangers for scottish titl .
 2 california men get prison time for severe beating of giants fan <sec> dodgers say they are pleased that `` culpable parties '' take responsibility .  victim 's family describe in court the catastrophic brain damage to bryan stow .  marvin norwood gets four-year sentence but will get credit for time served .  louie sanchez gets eight-year prison sentenc .
 cnn iowa insiders survey : two out of three think romney will win <sec> cnn surveyed 64 iowa gop political insiders days before the historic caucuses .  two-thirds say that mitt romney will win on tuesday .  insiders also feel ron paul will finish in second plac .
 crisis looms at manchester united as they fall further off epl pace <sec> manchester united beaten 1-0 by newcastle at old trafford .  yohan cabaye goal on the hour mark seals victory .  successive league home defeats for reigning champions .  liverpool up to second as chelsea and man city slip u .
 tenant evicted even though she pays rent on time <sec> mortgage meltdown affects renter lisa brown after landlord is foreclosed upon .  brown evicted because landlord defaulted on mortgage , house fell into foreclosure . .  brown wanted a better life for her three daughters ; now she must find a new home .  new york state senator working on law to warn renters of foreclosure earl .
 some ignore law to prevent pools from being child deathtraps <sec> new federal law requires drain covers that prevent children from being sucked in .  some states say they do n't have authority to enforce law , allow pools to stay open .  many operators say pool covers are on back order , waiting to receive them .  law named after virginia graeme baker , 7 , who died after hot tub inciden .
 what 's the power of a good luck charm ? <sec> texas rangers face st. louis cardinals in world series game 6 , postponed to thursday evening .  there is psychological value to an item worn consistently , one sports psychologist says .  some well-known superstitous athletes include michael jordan , wade boggs and turk wendell .  manufacturer 's claims of special technology in metal-infused jewelry are unprove .
 deputies injured in shooting will recover , agency says <sec> three u.s. marshals were hit by a shotgun blast as they served an arrest warrant .  derek hotsinpiller died from his injuries .  one of the injured deputies is expected to leave the hospital thursday .  the other was treated and released wednesda .
 messi magic secures 'el clasico ' victory for barcelona <sec> barcelona beat real madrid 2-0 in the bernabeu to go three points clear in spain .  lionel messi with his 40th of the season scores the opener for barca .  pedro rodriguez adds the second after the break to clinch victory for champions .  inter milan held 2-2 by fiorentina in serie a to lead roma by two point .
 polls show : obama and democrats get lowest marks <sec> democrats hit a 30-year low in favorability ratings .  a pair of survey released wednesday show sagging ratings for democrats and the president . .  the numbers come in the last three weeks of an election where gop has tried to link dem . .  candidates to obama .  president obama is facing an all-time low 40 % approval mar .
 my last day with elizabeth edwards <sec> josh fryday , a friend of elizabeth edwards , said goodbye a few months ago .  elizabeth visited japan to show her children where she spent much of her childhood .  she said she feared most what would happen to her children without a mother .  she believed it is n't how many years we have , but how many good year .
 police warn sochi hotels of terror suspect as olympics near - cnnpolitics.com <sec> police fliers warn that a terror suspect could be in sochi .  official : ships and aircraft will be ready to evacuate americans if necessary .  video on jihadist website threatens winter olympics next month .  russian president vladimir putin says olympics will be saf .
 is west coast ready for next big quake ? <sec> 25 years ago , a 6.7-magnitude earthquake hit san francisco .  since then , west coast communities have assessed their earthquake readiness .  a huge fault line runs through oregon .  oregon , like much of the world , is not prepared for a megaquak .
 opinion : why islamophobia is so dangerous <sec> islamophobia is often perpetuated by fear , sense that muslims are taking over our jobs , says imran awan .  awan : media must provide more responsible , objective and proportionate way of reporting .  misleading stories create atmosphere that has demonized muslims , fueling anti-muslim narrative , he says .  media negativity is framed within construct that muslims are dangerous people , awan argue .
 brazilian goalie , mistress and wife charged in ex-lover 's slaying <sec> brazilian goalie among nine people charged .  police : eliza samudio , 25 , was last seen in june .  lawyer says the goalie will not answer questions about his alleged involvement .  his cousin detailed her murder , authorities sa .
 manchester city end newcastle 's unbeaten run <sec> manchester city stay five points clear after saturday 's 12th round of epl matches .  city end third-placed newcastle 's unbeaten start with a 3-1 home victory .  second-placed manchester united stay in touch with a 1-0 win at swansea .  robin van persie 's double against norwich puts arsenal in sixth plac .
 leaked internal rant highlights google plus struggles <sec> google plus , struggling to catch on as a facebook competitor , is having a rough week .  analytics firm says usage of the network has dropped 60 % since it became public .  a google engineer accidentally shared a post calling google+ `` a study in short-term thinking '' .  company 's top brass has also taken hits for not publicly engaging on their sit .
 terrorism : first line of defense -- mom and dad ( opinion ) <sec> 3 colorado girls are intercepted on their way to the middle east , allegedly to join isis .  their families alerted authorities , who were able to find them in frankfurt airport .  peter bergen : families often spot signs of radicalization and alert officials .  more terrorism plots disrupted by families than by controversial nsa surveillanc .
 psg survives scare as juventus cruises into quarterfinals <sec> paris saint-germain through to quarterfinals of european champions league .  psg holds valencia 1-1 to progress 3-2 on aggregate .  juventus defeats celtic 2-0 to complete 5-0 overall victor .
 steubenville rape trial focuses on text messages , cell phone pictures <sec> new : computer forensics expert testifies about text messages .  trent mays , 17 , and ma'lik richmond,16 , are charged with rape .  they are accused of sexually assaulting a girl at end-of-summer parties .  testimony will run through 8 p.m. to meet the judge 's deadlin .
 falklands lawmakers : 'we have no desire to be governed by argentina ' <sec> lawmakers : `` the more argentina presses ... the harder will be our resolve '' .  `` we have no desire to be governed by argentina , '' falklands lawmakers say .  argentina says a referendum earlier this month was invalid .  british prime minister david cameron praised the vot .
 italian journalists freed in libya <sec> new : the journalists were saved `` by two libyans to whom we owe everything , '' one says .  new : they saw their driver killed , another says .  one of the journalists called his newspaper and reported that the four were beate .
 peru posts photos of american couple ; family confirms they are safe <sec> new : mother : `` i am so happy today that my son is well '' .  in online posts , garrett hand and jamie neal assure friends they are safe .  family members had reported the california couple missing .  peruvian officials say the couple was unaware their family was looking for the .
 pelosi 'praying ' bush does n't veto children 's health insurance bill <sec> house speaker pelosi `` praying '' that president has change of heart on bill .  measure expanding kids ' health insurance program passed senate .  bush objects to measure expanding coverage beyond just poor children .  white house says expansion would cover children from middle-class familie .
 camelot eyes horse racing immortality <sec> camelot is aiming to become only the 16th horse to win irish and epsom derbies .  the colt won the english 2,000 guineas at epsom earlier this month .  if camelot wins on saturday , the next target will be september 's st . .  ledger stakes .  no horse has won the `` triple crown '' since nijinsky in 197 .
 'innocence ' survives 11 hours under bomb rubble in syria <sec> a girl and her mother hide in a basement during days of bombardment .  daraya , syria , is home to government ministries and an important military airport .  rebels and bashar al-assad 's forces are fighting a bitter battle for control of the town .  a bomb hits the girl 's building , then everything goes blac .
 international criminal court looking into korean incidents <sec> a preliminary investigation will determine whether a probe will be opened .  the international court is looking into the sinking of a south korean ship in march .  the court also is probing the shelling on yeonpyeong island last mont .
 was rand paul 's red meat joke a bit too raw ? <sec> sen. rand paul joked the u.s. should trade five democrats , not taliban members , in next prisoner swap .  the partisan joke comes as paul is actively trying to court democratic voters .  experts say the potential presidential candidate is just trying to figure out what he can get away with .  analysts say the joke was n't that funny , but they doubt it will have a long-term impac .
 nba great barkley begins 3-day sentence in tent city <sec> charles barkley begins serving 3-day jail sentence in maricopa county , arizona .  the jailer is the sheriff whose autobiography barkley endorsed 12 years ago .  barkley speaks out against drunken driving during topically diverse news conference .  `` he 's taking his medicine , '' sheriff joe arpaio says of his famous inmat .
 tokyo 's olympic dream is one man 's eviction déjà vu <sec> kohei jinno , 80 , stands to be evicted and lose his tokyo shop -- again .  his family home was razed before tokyo 's 1964 olympics .  japanese capital recently won the right to host 2020 games .  jinno says he has no energy to fight in court or to open another sho .
 dozens of christian homes set on fire by muslim mob , pakistani authorities say <sec> dozens of christian homes are set afire by muslims .  the mob is outraged over alleged anti-muslim remarks .  sawan masih has been arrested and charged with blasphem .
 class-action lawsuit filed against carnival corp. in triumph cruise <sec> new : `` sewage and/or human waste sloshed around the vessel , '' suit says .  class-action lawsuit alleges carnival should have known `` mechanical and/or engine issues '' .  conditions created `` a severe risk of injury , illness and/or disease , '' suit allege .
 ipad mini : a comparison with other small tablets <sec> apple 's ipad mini joins the 7-inch tablet market .  amazon 's kindle fire hd , google 's nexus 7 are among current leaders .  apple 's display screen is bigger than the others , but $ 329 price tag is bigger , to .
 kim jong un to north korean weather forecasters : get it right <sec> kim jong un slams forecasters over `` incorrect '' weather predictions , says state media .  improvements needed to protect people and the economy , kim reportedly says .  photos show north korean leader apparently lecturing weather services staff .  n. korea suffers severe food shortages , exacerbated by extreme weather and mismanagemen .
 drama on the high-seas after first week of 'world 's toughest race ' <sec> vendee globe around the world yacht race sets sail from les sables d'olonne , france .  20 sailors in 18m yachts single-handedly race around world in 90 days .  one of the toughest sporting competitions , just half have ever finished .  five days in to race and already four sailors have pulled ou .
 2 children in house without adults die in fire <sec> new : neighbor : `` they were bringing out the kids and ... they were gone '' .  a 3-year-old and 4-year-old die due to the fire ; a 10-year-old is in critical condition .  two children who got outside are `` doing pretty good , '' according to fire spokesman .  `` charges are forthcoming '' in relation to the blaze , the georgia fire spokesman say .
 job fair draws most seniors in event 's history <sec> job fair aimed at people 50 and older draws big crowd .  pittsburgh area business executives meeting with high school students .  wal-mart adding 3,000 jobs in north carolina .  air force recruiter in florida has seen increase in interes .
 off-duty nypd officer allegedly seen breaking suv window arrested <sec> new : motorcyclist says he turned on helmet camera after seeing bottle thrown from suv .  clint caldwell , a 32-year-old civilian , faces gang assault and other charges .  he and wojciech braszczok should be arraigned wednesday , da 's office says .  braszczok , an off-duty detective , is seen in a video breaking the suv 's rear windo .
 new wave of chick lit has romance -- but no sex <sec> nollybooks produces romance novels aimed at young south african women .  founder says her mission is to get young women to read .  there is no sex in the novels because of the high incidence of aids in south africa .  nollybooks are in the form of `` bookazines , '' with word puzzles and a glossar .
 deadly explosions rock central nigeria market <sec> 32 dead , 45 injured in bomb blasts in jos , nigerian emergency agency says .  guard : a man brought a cart into market , detonated device , then blew himself up later .  there 's no claim of responsibility , but boko haram has attacked in jos befor .
 lawsuit on alleged abu ghraib prisoner abuse can move ahead <sec> judge rejects immunity claims from defense contractor caci .  in lawsuit , four iraqi detainees accuse interrogators of physical , mental abuse .  interrogators also accused of destroying evidence , misleading officials .  contractors not facing criminal charges stemming from scanda .
 police : michigan boy 's basement case to go to da <sec> police turning over evidence to prosecutors next week in case of missing michigan boy .  information includes allegations the 12-year-old boy made to child welfare authorities .  charlie bothuell was found in basement of his father 's home .  document says father allegedly used a pvc pipe to discipline boy ; no charges have been file .
 kirk douglas , 92 , takes stock of his life <sec> kirk douglas , 92 , recently did one-man show , `` before i forget '' .  douglas is unflinching in looking at his career , his stroke , personal losses .  douglas proud of breaking blacklist by getting dalton trumbo credit for `` spartacus '' .  actor , born issur danielovitch , wishes he had been able to keep nam .
 honda adds 440,000 cars to recall over airbags <sec> 2001-02 accords , 2001 civics and 2002-03 acura tls included .  airbag inflators can produce over-pressurization , company says .  at least six injured , one killed by potential defect .  owners will receive recall notices in the mai .
 officials : pakistan on alert for possible attack <sec> new : helicopters heard above pakistan 's capital , islamabad .  officials intercepted intelligence pointing to a likely attack on a high-value target .  air force and navy commandos are guarding key military installation .
 16 killed in northern iraq 's mosul , police say <sec> iraqi army killed 10 al qaeda-linked militants in southern mosul , federal police official says .  roadside bombs killed three police officers elsewhere in the city , police say .  soldiers killed two gunmen who tried to attack an army checkpoint , according to police .  gunmen killed a civilian driver , police sa .
 traveling to hawaii on the cheap <sec> airfare to hawaii has plunged more than 30 percent in some markets .  hawaii reported a 12.4 percent decline in visitors in january .  `` you can play 'let 's make a deal ' with these folks , '' said pauline frommer .  state officials say hawaii 's tourism economy wo n't improve until 201 .
 ukraine crisis : small numbers , global impact <sec> world sees ukraine in turmoil , but reality is different , writes cnn 's tim lister .  lister : only one town in eastern ukraine -- slovyansk , is truly held by pro-russian protesters .  but most people go about their lives almost oblivious to the upheaval , he writes .  there seem to be more weapons in circulation , compared to two weeks ago , he say .
 source : seychelles video shows 2 americans on the town before deaths <sec> the two americans were found dead onboard the maersk alabama on february 18 .  traces of narcotics and hypodermic needles were found with the bodies , authorities said .  source : surveillance video shows the two enjoying a night out after the ship docked .  two women on the video reportedly identified a location where heroin was bough .
 flood dangers subside in georgia <sec> new : heavy rain moves west , expected to hit parts of mississippi and louisiana .  georgia death toll rises to 8 ; most caught in cars in floodwaters , governor says .  those killed monday in georgia flooding include 2-year-old swept from father 's arms .  governor declares state of emergency in 17 hardest-hit countie .
 2 police officers hurt in shooting outside italian pm 's office <sec> new : u.s. sends congratulations to new prime minister .  gunman hoped to kill himself but ran out of ammunition , official says .  two police officers suffered non-life-threatening wounds .  enrico letta was being sworn in as prime minister at nearby president 's palac .
 biography : majora carter <sec> carter , who grew up in the bronx , set up sustainable south bronx in 2001 .  she wrote a $ 1.25m federal transportation planning grant for the south bronx .  the 11-mile-long stretch is the first south bronx waterfront park in 60 years .  carter wants to see the south bronx become a thriving community agai .
 officer matt kenny : one career , two fatal shootings <sec> officer matt kenny has involved in two fatal shootings during his career .  he earned a commendation after the first in 2007 .  his second is under investigatio .
 creflo dollar 's prosperity gospel finds followers and critics <sec> creflo dollar preaches the `` prosperity gospel '' .  the theology teaches that god rewards the faithful with wealth and gifts .  critics say it focuses on material prosperity rather than a relationship with go .
 brazil calls off search for air france crash victims <sec> brazilian military : unlikely that any more bodies would be found .  search teams have found 51 of the 228 people who died .  plane wreckage believed to be on atlantic seabed , around 4,500 meters deep .  investigators still trying to find flight data recorders for crucial informatio .
 dawn of the super-ports ? mammoth ships force ports to adapt <sec> london gateway is a new deep water container port on the thames estuary near london .  the giant facility will be able to cater for the world 's largest ships .  many existing ports are being forced to adapt their facilities to cope with the ever increasing size of container ship .
 massachusetts governor : tornadoes caused 'extraordinary ' destruction <sec> report : a mother was killed protecting her daughter .  the red cross says hundreds of people are in shelters .  4 people were killed throughout the state and about 200 were injured , officials say .  kerry : `` i have never seen this kind of damage and devastation in massachusetts .
 u.s. helping afghan farmers give up opium for wheat <sec> usaid offering seeds , other help to encourage afghan farmers to grow wheat .  agency trying to wean afghan farmers from poppy production .  poppy plants used to produce opium and heroin .  opium , heroin has been a major source of revenue for the taliba .
 venezuela : what 's the crisis about ? <sec> murder , terror charges against opposition leader lopez dropped ; new charges brought .  nationwide student protests started this month .  they attracted global attention when three people were killed .  protesters want better security , an end to goods shortages , protected freedom of speec .
 air crash bodies arrive at dna lab <sec> 16 bodies retrieved from crashed airliner arrive in mainland brazil .  bodies taken to police laboratory in brasilia for dna testing .  french nuclear submarine joins hunt for wreckage from air france flight 447 .  location , cause of crash off brazilian coast have not been determine .
 man sentenced after leaving water bottles for immigrants <sec> no more deaths member gets 300 hours of community service , year of probation .  he left bottles of water in arizona wildlife refuge for people crossing border .  prosecutors : `` good luck '' written on bottles indicated intent to aid illegal immigration .  fish and wildlife service said leaving bottles is detrimental to animal .
 huckabee : michael brown acted like a 'thug ' <sec> former arkansas gov . .  mike huckabee said michael brown could have avoided being shot .  huckabee also called the congressional black caucus ' protest `` incredibly irresponsible '' .  president barack obama , huckabee said , should n't have invited `` thugs and rioters '' to the white hous .
 why to postpone netanyahu invitation <sec> invitation to benjmain netanyahu to speak to congress has caused controversy .  jeremy ben-ami : israel is becoming partisan football in u.s .
 census 2010 can count on controversy <sec> as the 2010 census gets underway , the counting process will be especially difficult .  audrey singer says recession has led to people doubling up in living quarters .  she says latino leaders are split over how to deal with the census .  the census aims to count everyone , whether they 're legally entitled to be in u.s. , singer say .
