 how to address women -- married , divorced , single <sec> author ponders proper etiquette while addressing wedding invitations .  mother : couples are addressed as mr. and mrs. theirhusband'sfirstandlastname .  addressing a woman as mrs . .  her first and last name implies she 's divorce .
 capello to read riot act to england stars <sec> england coach fabio capello has warned his players to behave or miss the world cup .  capello has already stripped john terry of captaincy over alleged marital infidelities .  ashley cole 's pop star wife has separated from him due to his alleged affairs .  jose mourinho claims he turned down the chance to coach england in 200 .
 sect 's 'messiah ' arrested on sex charges <sec> wayne bent picked up at the former ranch where he and his followers live .  on web site , bent compares himself to jesus christ .  he has acknowledged having sex with followers .  officials say bent allegedly had inappropriate contact with children at the compoun .
 curse of the instant replay <sec> on dec. 7 , 1963 , a television sports director introduced the instant replay .  bob greene says that event changed sports broadcasting -- and more .  he says people expect that every moment of their lives can be replayed .  greene : something was lost when the `` here and gone '' nature of reality vanishe .
 opinion : north korea 's young kim there to stay <sec> jang sung-taek was the vice chairman of north korea 's top military body .  klingner : shows that leader kim jong un is firmly in control and confident .  widespread rumors that jang was defeated in a struggle with personal rivals , he says .  klingner : departure of his uncle will have little impact on north korea polic .
 karzai calls civilian casualties 'unacceptable ' <sec> `` we take all human loss of life very seriously , '' says a u.s. embassy spokesman .  civilians are killed in a western afghanistan strike , an afghan official says .  more than 1,900 americans and another 1,000-plus allied troops have been killed in the conflic .
 where animals go before extinction <sec> jenni watts produced expedition : sumatra , cnn 's new environment special .  the team traveled round indonesia charting some of the biggest issues affecting the country .  they visited an animal sanctuary and were amazed with what they foun .
 west indies bus attacked after win over bangladesh <sec> west indies cricket team bus attacked after defeat of bangladesh in world cup .  opener chris gayle writes about incident on social networking site twitter .  windies secure nine-wicket victory in group b as co-hosts were bowled out for 58 .  in friday 's group a match new zealand beat zimbabwe by 10 wicket .
 remains of missing u.n. worker found after 24 years <sec> alec collett had been visiting various unrwa operations in lebanon when he was kidnapped in march 1985 .  group called `` revolutionary organization of muslim socialists '' claimed responsibility for kidnapping .  in april 1986 , a beirut tv station received a videotape purportedly showing collett being hange .
 redfoo 's party rock ca n't lift azarenka 's injury gloom <sec> world no . .  3 victoria azarenka pulls out of miami tournament due to ankle injury .  she was also forced to withdraw at indian wells due to the problem .  azarenka 's popstar boyfriend redfoo has released a song dedicated to her .  he is a keen tennis player and has entered qualifying for the u.s. open this yea .
 mountain falls onto brazil resort ; 22 killed <sec> death toll in brazil flooding rises to 45 , state officials said friday .  a giant mudslide at a resort in angra dos reis killed 22 people and injured dozens .  rescuers found another 15 bodies floating on the nearby island of ilha grande .  tv broadcast shows rescue of toddler in jacarepagua , near rio de janeir .
 south african ballet dancer confounds racial stereotypes <sec> andile ndlovu is a ballet dancer from the township of soweto , south africa .  he says he has had to overcome racial stereotypes to become a ballet dancer .  ndlovu hopes he can become a role model for young dancers in afric .
 where presidents like to play <sec> u.s. presidents leave the white house to relax on vacations .  presidents lyndon johnson , ronald reagan , george w. bush visited their ranches .  taxpayers spent $ 625,000 sprucing up president nixon 's florida home .  pres . .  lincoln spent four months at the slightly cooler soldiers ' hom .
 cancer 'iron man ' puts hope in drug trials <sec> john cossman has been battling cancer for eight years .  he turned to clinical trials to stay alive after regular treatment options ran out .  he underwent his fourth clinical study this summer ; he 's one of 16 people in the study .  before fda approval , a drug goes through yearslong testin .
 satellite images show scope of russian wildfires <sec> satellite images on nasa website show wildfire hot spots across russia .  state media report that photographs show 368 fires burning on saturday .  russia 's foreign ministry says it is grateful to the u.s. for ai .
 drug test nearly delays andy murray 's royal date <sec> scotsman andy murray received an obe on thursday for his services to tennis .  murray ended britain 's grand slam men 's singles drought last year and won wimbledon in july .  he was given the obe medal not by the queen but by new dad prince william .  murray is recovering from back surgery and wo n't play again this seaso .
 icc reject fixing claims during england-pakistan one-day match <sec> international cricket council drop investigation into claims a one-day match was 'fixed ' .  icc say there is no `` compelling evidence '' england v pakistan game was tainted .  pakistan won the 50-over match at the oval in london on september 17 .  icc paves the way for a test world championship starting in 201 .
 why sophia loren gave jayne mansfield side-eye <sec> sophia loren : side-eye in photo showed shock , fear .  was worried that mansfield 's nipples were `` about to come onto my plate '' .  loren was new to hollywood ; mansfield was established star .  loren 's memoir was just release .
 deadliest ever outbreak of ebola virus : what to know <sec> there are more than 1,300 confirmed and suspected ebola cases , hundreds of deaths .  liberia closes all schools , sets day `` for the disinfection ... of all public facilities '' .  `` this epidemic is without precedent , '' a humanitarian official says .  ebola is a viral hemorrhagic fever , affecting multiple organs and accompanied by bleedin .
 vettel wins australian pole as red bull dominate qualifying <sec> sebastian vettel seeks to be fourth successive driver to win from pole in melbourne .  german wins pole position from red bull teammate mark webber at australian grand prix .  ferrari 's fernando alonso third ahead of world champion jenson button of mclaren .  nico rosberg in sixth again outperforms mercedes teammate michael schumache .
 hacker tied to anonymous charged with targeting genesimmons.com <sec> kevin george poe , 24 , of connecticut is accused of being an anonymous hacker .  he allegedly attacked kiss band member genesimmons.com in october 2010 .  poe allegedly overwhelmed the website 's server with electronic request .
 obama 's lame speeches on economy , iraq <sec> president obama made two speeches in first two days after vacation .  ed rollins says the president 's speech on economy had no new ideas .  rollins says speech on iraq left questions unanswered .  he says it does n't make sense to blame our economic problems on the iraq wa .
 opinion : surviving the pain of childhood bullying <sec> spoken word poet shane koyczan rediscovered his childhood journal .  in the darkness of his childhood , he retained a sense of humor .  his poem has been viewed more than 8 million times on youtube .  koyczan : `` if you ca n't see anything beautiful about yourself , get a better mirror .
 major earthquake strikes off the northern coast of japan <sec> new : the jma cancels all tsunami advisories .  kyodo says no immediate abnormalities were reported at nearby nuclear plants .  the earthquake struck sunday morning .  tremors are felt as far away as toky .
 electric car crashes could pose new risk for first responders , group says <sec> batteries of hybrid and electric cars could present safety risk in crashes , group says .  clear labels recommended about battery and power systems to protect first responders .  more than 435,000 electric , hybrid vehicles sold in the united states this year , figures sho .
 lindsay lohan 's 'rehab ' center is unlicensed , state says <sec> new : lohan checks into morningside recovery in newport beach , california .  new : california regulators revoked morningside 's rehab treatment licenses , official says .  a judge ordered 90 days `` lock down '' rehab for recent convictions .  lohan 's father wants her to move to a florida rehab facilit .
 sri lankan teen maid on death row <sec> girl convicted of killing baby in her care in saudi arabia when she was 17 .  nafeek says the child died accidentally , choking on milk .  girl 's family displaced by december 2004 tsunami , renewed civil war in sri lank .
 messi hits 90 as barca cruise <sec> lionel messi took his tally to 90 for the calendar year with two goals against atletico madrid .  messi 's double and further goals from adriano and sergio busquets gives barca 4-1 win .  real madrid held to a 2-2 draw by lowly espanyol .  real boss jose mourinho : `` the league is now impossible . .
 seven incredible women who rocked 2013 <sec> women have excelled in 2013 showcasing how far gender equality has come .  cnn takes a look back at some of the remarkable achievements of women this year .  who do you think deserves to be in this list ? .  let us know in the comments belo .
 winter 's last hurrah ? storm spreads misery from illinois to maine <sec> chicago could see up to 8 inches of snow . .  blizzards warnings are up for western new york . .  parts of new england could see snowfall reach 20 inches .  warming weather causes flooding out wes .
 q & a ; : china 's restive far west <sec> china 's xinjiang autonomous region has a long history of friction .  uyghurs speak a language related to turkish , have close ties to central asia .  migration of han chinese to the region has fueled tensions .  tensions have sporadically erupted into violenc .
 iphone 5 rumor round-up <sec> rumors spawned by glimpses of as-yet unfinished prototypes .  rumors include a slide-out keyboard and a more competitive camera .  bulk of this iphone 5-related gossip comes from a taiwanese blo .
 nato leader : 'gadhafi 's time is over ' <sec> rasmussen cites the 'wind of change ' in the arab world .  there 's no way to gauge the end of the mission , rasmussen says .  nato planes strike more targets in liby .
 opinion : five new year 's resolutions for president obama <sec> julian zelizer : president obama should adopt resolutions for 2014 .  he says the white house should work more closely in coordination with hill democrats .  obama should focus on setting agenda , details of policy and quality of staff work , he says .  zelizer : obama should aim to recapture enthusiasm he stirred in grass root .
 moscow tips from international correspondent <sec> more than 10 million people call moscow home .  moscow is regularly ranked among the world 's most expensive cities .  sparrow hills offers sweeping views of the river and the cityscape below .  a good moscow souvenir is a furry hat with ear flap .
 funeral held in philadelphia for boxing great joe frazier <sec> a funeral is held in philadelphia for famed boxer `` smokin ' joe '' frazier .  muhammad ali , bernard hopkins and jesse jackson are among those attending .  frazier died a week earlier , a month after being diagnosed with liver cancer .  he staged several epic bouts with ali and george forema .
 pakistan military denies pm resignation report <sec> source : prime minister meets with military leaders about temporarily stepping down .  protesters penetrate area housing the prime minister 's residence in islamabad .  pakistan military calls reports of prime minister nawaz sharif stepping down `` baseless '' .  at least three people have died and 450 have been hurt in protests , medical authorities sa .
 record profits set to boost queen elizabeth ii 's income <sec> new : spending last year includes $ 1 million for work on apartment for william , catherine .  the crown estate manages a huge property portfolio for queen elizabeth ii .  its profits for the past year are up by 5.2 % from the previous year .  the profits go into the public purse , and the queen gets a grant equal to 15 % of profit .
 thank bill clinton for americorps ( opinion ) <sec> paul begala : bill clinton was determined to include a call to service during his administration .  americorps started 20 years ago with bipartisan support to let young people serve , he says .  nearly a million have joined ; helped in 9/11 , katrina , with veterans , the old , poor , children .  begala : as obama swears in new volunteers , we should thank clinton for americorp .
 'raymond ' child star sawyer sweeten commits suicide <sec> sawyer sweeten played across from his twin brother and their sister as the children of ray and patricia barone .  report : sweeten was visiting family in texas and is believed to have shot himsel .
 inside the middle east explores beirut <sec> ime discovers why lebanon 's capital is such a popular choice among expatriates .  arwa damon talks to a female population in pursuit of better women 's rights .  hit lebanese rock band mashrou'laila talks to ime about their popular musi .
 obama , bill clinton join forces as romney-obama race heats up <sec> four years ago , bill clinton was the biggest and most vocal supporter of hillary clinton .  now , the former president will be a high-profile surrogate for president obama .  bill clinton recently appeared in a buzzworthy obama campaign web video .  clinton can help obama by reminding voters of better economic time .
 john shalikashvili , former chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , dies <sec> obama says soldier-statesman represented promise of america .  a funeral is expected to be held at arlington national cemetery .  shalikashvili dies of complications from a stroke at 75 .  he was chairman of the joint chiefs of staff under president clinto .
 honda expands airbag recall worldwide for some models <sec> honda has expanded an airbag recall worldwide to more than half a million vehicles .  the global airbag-related recall now covers 514,000 vehicles .  last month , honda announced a separate recall of 646,000 for power window problem .
 sharapova maintains year-end no . 1 hunt <sec> maria sharapova beat italy 's sara errani in straight sets to win opening match in white group .  defending champion petra kvitova makes 41 unforced errors as she is beaten by agnieszka radwanska for first time .  serena williams returns to action for first time since u.s. open win , beating germany 's angelique kerbe .
 the 'perfect shot ' : daredevil sailing photographer hangs out of helicopter <sec> veteran sports photographer ezra shaw reveals the secret to 'perfect shot ' .  flew in open-door helicopter 400 meters above sea during america 's cup .  remarkable images capture prestigious race from land , air , and sea .  high-tech underwater camera equipment show how far photography has com .
 fired employees sue japan airlines <sec> the suit comes on the anniversary of jal 's filing for bankruptcy protection .  the airline cut 16,000 jobs in restructuring .  it is now back in profit and hoping to return to the stock market in 2012 .  it unveils a new log .
 850-pound emerald at center of dispute <sec> l.a. sheriff takes custody of 180,000-carat gemstone pending resolution .  seller , buyer , broker arguing over ownership , sale agreement .  estimates of raw emerald 's value range from $ 19 million to $ 370 millio .
 why 'die hard ' is the perfect valentine 's day movie ( for guys ) <sec> writer argues that `` die hard '' is kind of romantic .  bruce willis ' character loves his wife and wants to rekindle their relationship .  mcclane proves his love for his wife by killing terrorist .
 plane crash recovery workers face treacherous task <sec> high winds are complicating efforts to recover remains and aircraft debris from the mountainous crash site .  captain of rescue operations tells cnn that very few bodies have been found whole .  recovery workers are being winched down in pairs , one to gather remains and the other to ensure safet .
 a passion for learning lifts kenyan youths out of poverty <sec> growing up , georgia natives lee and carole johnson never imagined they would visit africa .  the couple first traveled to kenya to volunteer with children at an orphanage .  the johnson 's founded k.e.y . .  to help the children transition to adulthood and out of poverty .  providing high-quality education and personal mentors is central to the program 's missio .
 three contractors freed in iraq <sec> new : rep. peter king got involved after the wife of one of the men appealed for help .  the three contractors were detained in central iraq on december 9 .  two of them are u.s. citizens and military veterans , the third is from fij .
 elementary school principal is fatally shot in northern california <sec> authorities receive a 911 call midmorning wednesday about a shooting .  it took place at schnell elementary in placerville , california .  fatally shot is principal sam lacara , 50 .  arrested in the shooting is janitor john luebbers , 44 , police sa .
 commentary : acts of kindness are the way to mark 9/11 <sec> jay winuk : 9/11 has been recognized as a national day of service .  he says it 's not a day to skip work or go shopping .  he says people choose to do acts of kindness , large or small .  winuk : there 's no political agenda , bush and obama have supported i .
 jimmy kimmel calls for national unfriend day <sec> november 17 declared national unfriend day on jimmy kimmel live show .  kimmel believes facebook is cheapening the meaning of friendship .  admittedly , facebook friending does seem to be out of contro .
 'illegal immigrant ' is the uncomfortable truth <sec> ruben navarrette : those who say `` illegal immigrant '' is a slur are wrong .  he says adult migrants who are n't legal immigrants broke the law to get to the u.s . .  navarrette : migrants are n't criminals and are wrongly blamed for many of america 's ills .  still , he says , it does n't help to gloss over fact that immigration laws were broke .
 thin is in , but fat might be better <sec> a highly debated study says overweight people may live longer .  it may not be true that thin is healthy and fat is not , one expert says .  americans overemphasize being thin , according to a professor .  body mass index is only one number people should keep an eye on , says a docto .
 sodomy trial of opposition leader postponed <sec> a junior prosecutor is accused of having an affair with the accuser .  the sodomy trial of anwar ibrahim has been postponed until august 9 .  sodomy can result in a 20-year sentence in malaysia even if consensua .
 british airways wins injunction to avert major holiday strike <sec> high court issues injunction stopping planned ba holiday strike .  airline issues a statement saying it is `` delighted for our customers '' .  travel experts say around one million passengers would be hit by strike .  twelve-day strike was due to start monday , disrupting holiday season trave .
 bodies , unusual wreckage photographed in bin laden compound <sec> new : analysts say wrecked chopper likely was a stealth aircraft .  reuters published graphic photos of the compound wednesday .  the pictures include the bodies of three men and helicopter wreckage .  other photos show the helicopter abandoned by the seal tea .
 sex and soccer : should teams abstain during the world cup ? <sec> teams at the forthcoming world cup are taking differing approaches to the issue of sex .  u.s. head coach jurgen klinsmann is relaxed on the matter , with players able to see their wives .  his mexican counterpart miguel herrera has called on his players to exercise restraint .  bosnia 's safet susic says : `` there will be no sex in brazil .
 ap blasts feds for phone records search <sec> there 'd better be a `` damned good explanation '' for subpoenas , boehner spokesman says .  federal review of ap phone records is unprecedented but looks legal , toobin says .  the ap calls the subpoenas a `` massive and unprecedented intrusion '' .  it says federal agents collected records from bureau and personal phone line .
 champions league : atletico beats chelsea to set up madrid derby final <sec> atletico madrid will play real madrid in champions league final .  atletico defeated chelsea 3-1 at stamford bridge .  two teams drew 0-0 in first leg last week .  adrian lopez , diego costa and arda turan on targe .
 his role reduced , obama makes final campaign push <sec> new : president obama heckled by immigration protesters in connecticut .  obama is scheduled to campaign sunday in connecticut and pennsylvania .  he 'll rally for two gubernatorial candidates , which is where he 's focused his fall campaigning .  his campaign stops have been limited this cycle amid low approval rating .
