 new version of android sweetened by kitkat <sec> new version of android mobile operating system will be named kitkat .  surprise announcement is consistent with google 's theme of sweet treats .  older android versions include eclair , froyo , gingerbread , jellybean .  deal with nestle reportedly was struck in 24 hour .
 valerie harper 's cancer : leptomeningeal carcinomatosis <sec> valerie harper 's lung cancer spread to the membrane system around her brain .  she was diagnosed in january with leptomeningeal carcinomatosis .  expert : treatment reportedly is working to slow the disease , but cancer will continue to sprea .
 darfuri women live 'nightmare , ' harvard-backed study says <sec> 88 darfuri women interviewed in chad described `` profound '' suffering and fear .  expert in refugee trauma says `` the atmosphere of intimidation was palpable '' .  200,000 people have died , 2 million have fled the region since fighting began in 200 .
 the towns taking control of their future <sec> 'transition towns ' help local people get together to work to toward an oil-free future .  harnessing creativity to prepare for oil peak and counter climate change .  part of wider plan to localize solutions and strengthen democracy .  current record oil prices help bring 'transition town ' ideas into mainstrea .
 campaign to nominate african midwife for nobel prize <sec> `` stand up for african mothers '' is a campaign aiming to highlight the plight of african mothers .  launched by amref , it wants to ensure that all pregnant women in africa have access to midwives .  the group has nominated ugandan midwife esther madudu for the 2015 nobel peace prize .  amref aims to train 15,000 midwives in africa by 201 .
 close inspections of space shuttle set to begin <sec> teams will install platforms that will allow closer inspection , nasa says .  the agency says no obvious problems have been found with the shuttle .  a launch dress rehearsal friday prevented close inspection in the launch pad area .  endeavour is scheduled to launch on its final mission april 1 .
 'amerasians ' in the philippines fight for recognition <sec> suzie lopez is one of an estimated 52,000 `` amerasians '' fathered by u.s. servicemen in philippines .  majority of their mothers worked as bar girls in the area 's thriving `` rest and recreation '' industry .  many have grown up in poverty experiencing much discrimination along the way .  national amerasian day gives amerasians the opportunity to put their issues in the spotligh .
 interview : roberto cavalli <sec> fashion designer roberto cavalli speaks about his hometown , florence .  the italian city is famous for its renaissance works of art .  cavalli cites florence as an inspiration for his colorful clothes .  he says he feels most free when flying his helicopter above the cit .
 bayern set new record as dortmund slip up against schalke <sec> bayern munich beat frankfurt 5-0 to extend 100 % start to the bundesliga season to eight games .  schalke beat borussia dortmund to consolidate third place in table ; dortmund now 12 points off lead .  frankfurt victory leaves them five points adrift of leaders bayer .
 suspect pleads guilty in slaying of 7-year-old <sec> new : ryan brunn is sentenced to life in prison without parole .  new : he describes how he enticed , molested and killed jorelys rivera .  new : brunn , 20 , says he cut her throat and beat her with a skate .  new : he offers an apology to her family in cour .
 who is really stealing your privacy ? <sec> amitai etzioni : online privacy advocates fear government , but businesses are the real threat .  etzioni : corporations track what you buy , read , visit , drink ; whom you call , e-mail , date .  some shadow you , keeping detailed dossiers on you , to sell the information , he writes .  government protected medical and bank records , he says , and can help online privac .
 report : nigeria guilty of abuses in pursuing boko haram militants <sec> new : nigeria 's military denies abuses , says rights group allegations are unfounded .  rights group : nigeria 's security forces are committing abuses as they combat militants .  amnesty international says the government must do more to protect the public .  boko haram militants have killed hundreds in attacks on civilian targets and polic .
 giants fight back and win series against the cards <sec> st. louis led the national league series 3-1 just a few days ago .  but san francisco wins 3 straight to advance to the world series .  they 'll face the detroit tigers , led by justin verlander and miguel cabrer .
 can gaza 's isolation ever be reversed ? <sec> blockade has brought gaza economy to its knees .  tunnels have been used to smuggle up to 200 tons of goods a day into gaza in recent years .  escalation of conflict in recent weeks could be sign of hamas desperation , says middle east strategist david butte .
 tiger woods takes a break from golf <sec> tiger woods to take an indefinite break from golf after latest injury problem .  woods withdrew from recent tournament at torrey pines during round two .  former world no . .  1 : `` my play , and scores , are not acceptable for tournament golf . '' .  woods says he 'll only play at honda classic if his game is `` tournament ready .
 sean combs reclaims 'puff daddy ' name <sec> artist sean combs is resuming use of his former stage name puff daddy .  the rapper/producer has performed as puffy , puff daddy , p. diddy and diddy .  the switch-up is expected to accompany a reported new albu .
 the mistakes candidates make in debates <sec> julian zelizer : top priority for candidates in debates is to avoid mistakes .  he says gaffes have the potential to change how voters view a candidate .  candidates are viewed not only for what they say but for their body language , he says .  zelizer : obama , romney will be under a microscope wednesday night when the debates begi .
 3 california students charged with racially bullying black roommate <sec> the three students have been suspended .  one man booked into county jail on thursday .  3 san jose state university students shared a four-bedroom suite with black roommate .  the three are accused of using racial epithets and posting confederate flag , hitler photo .
 inmate 's book exposes horrors of gitmo <sec> mohamedou slahi 's harrowing story is the first time a serving gitmo inmate has been published .  he describes beatings , sensory deprivation and starvation .  he was originally detained in 2002 , accused of recruiting 9/11 hijackers .  his lawyers say there is very little evidence against hi .
 what 's a planet ? debate over pluto rages on <sec> international astronomical union demoted pluto to a dwarf planet three years ago .  90 percent of the critical letters the iau received afterward came from north america .  in spring , illinois lawmakers restored `` full planetary status '' to pluto .  some scientists say the iau 's definition of a planet does n't make sens .
 rights group : more needs to be done for laborers ' rights in abu dhabi <sec> human rights watch says more needs to be done to improve working conditions .  the report found `` lapses in effectively punishing abusive contractors '' .  the report noted many workers still pay recruitment fees in order to obtain their job .
 fantasy escapes : 7 private island rentals <sec> about $ 200,000 among friends will buy you a weeklong mediterranean dream .  many of the island rental options offer more affordable rates if you share with strangers .  island rentals range from pristine beach havens in fiji to quiet fishing outposts in georgi .
 bolt survives high speed car accident <sec> sprinter usain bolt fortunate to escape from car crash in his native jamaica .  the world 's fastest man was taken to hospital after clambering from the wreck .  bolt won three gold medals with his sensational displays in beijing olympic .
 secrets of horror cellar revealed <sec> new : hospitalized incest daughter 's condition is grave but stable , police say .  fritzl imprisoned and raped daughter , also fathered her children , police say .  wife of josef fritzl was too scared to question him , her sister says .  fritzl 's wife focused on keeping family healthy , according to her siste .
 luis figo : the man who could be king of football <sec> luis figo exclusively reveals to cnn he wants to become fifa president .  figo says fifa 's handling of the garcia report in wc bidding convinced him to stand .  soccer 's governing body only published its own summary of lawyer 's findings .  figo says fifa is more of a political organization than a football on .
 wwii anything but history for poland <sec> poland helped win the war but lost the peace .  it was invaded by germany but put under soviet influence after the war .  70 years from the start of wwii , the war still defines polish identity and history .  polish military says its history helps its work in afghanista .
 torch lit for vancouver 2010 olympics <sec> olympic flame due to arrive in vancouver , british columbia , in february .  vancouver olympic torch lit in ceremony in greece 's ancient olympia .  torchbearers will begin carrying flame through canada next week on 106-day relay .  vancouver olympics official : `` it will be the longest domestic relay in olympic history .
 beckham and other sporting asthmatics <sec> david beckham was pictured taking his asthma inhaler during la galaxy 's mls cup loss to real salt lake .  asthma can cause wheezing , shortness of breath and coughing , making exercise difficult .  high-profile athletes like paul scholes , justine henin and dennis rodman are all asthmatic .
 heidfeld replaces de la rosa at sauber <sec> nick heidfeld joins sauber for the rest of the 2011 formula one season .  heidfeld replaces pedro de la rosa , who is 'surprised ' by the decision .  heidfeld began season as test driver for mercedes before joining pirell .
 hate crime triggers federal oversight of new york suburb 's police <sec> ecuadorean immigrant marcelo lucero was attacked and killed in 2008 .  his death triggered a federal investigation in suffolk county .  county leaders have voted unanimously for justice department oversight of police .  suffolk deputy chief : `` i 'd like to think we are heading in the right direction .
 opinion : this land was made for you and me ? <sec> cnn 's john sutter visits the woody guthrie center in tulsa , oklahoma .  he says the singer 's populist ethic is sorely needed in modern music .  sutter : president keeps talking about income inequality but it does n't sink i .
 moderate republicans back kagan on hot-button issues <sec> gop sens . .  scott brown and susan collins back kagan on key issues .  support increases supreme court nominee 's chances of being confirmed .  kagan has completed second day of meetings with senators on capitol hil .
 business of human smuggling uncovered by cnn <sec> cnn investigation uncovers the business inside a human smuggling ring .  10 % discount offered for every referral of another paying migrant , desperate to reach europ .
 how tennis 'conquered the world ' <sec> chris kermode is chairman of the association of tennis professionals .  his challenge is to continue bringing the game to new fans worldwide .  kermode believes tennis in asia is booming , both on and off the court .  he feels the players coming through mean the game has a great futur .
 sandra cisneros writes fable for grieving grown-ups <sec> chicana author sandra cisneros wrote a new book , `` have you seen marie ? '' .  her book `` the house on mango street '' was banned from tucson schools .  cisneros is planning to move to mexico for the first time .  `` i just need to be in an environment where all i hear is spanish , '' she sai .
 meet atlanta 's 'kimchi missionary ' <sec> kimchi is a korean dish of fermented vegetables , and served with most meals .  hannah chung is the owner of simply seoul , which sells kimchi on a commercial scale .  she started selling kimchi because she could n't find it like grandma used to mak .
 malaysia airlines launches kid-free economy zone <sec> malaysia airlines designates a child-friendly lower-level zone .  upper level in economy class on a380 route will be child-free .  last year , the airline banned infants from first class on its 747-400 route .
 hundreds of sheep strike cars after crash in australia <sec> hundreds of sheep die after the accident near melbourne .  one person is taken to the hospital .  `` i saw them coming down like a mountain , '' a witness say .
 messi hails barca teammates after champions league victory <sec> lionel messi hails the performance of his barcelona teammates at wembley .  argentine striker messi starred as barcelona beat manchester united 3-1 .  the victory earned barcelona their third champions league trophy in six season .
 southwest grounds 44 planes <sec> new : spokeswoman : 44 planes grounded to see if they need further inspections .  lawmaker calls april 3 hearing , says it 's `` one of the worst safety violations '' he 's seen .  faa says southwest jets made almost 60,000 flights without fuselage inspections .  whistle-blowers say faa knew of violations but did n't want to disrupt servic .
 10 of the world 's most amazing long-distance trails <sec> at 4,500 kilometers , nepal 's great himalayan trail is the longest and highest mountain trail in the world .  the grand italian trail takes considerable planning and roughly eight months to complete .  only 150 people attempt to thru-hike the continental divide trail each yea .
 fatal plane crash destroys house , shakes up illinois neighborhood <sec> two aboard single-engine plane died ; no one on the ground was hurt , faa says .  faa : wreckage site is near airstrip , but pilot was headed to airport about 6 miles away .  neighborhood residents can park private planes in hangars adjacent to their homes .  residents of house not at home at time of crash ; 3 dogs rescue .
 red chair interview : george clinton <sec> cnn sits down with george clinton for a red chair interview .  the p-funk mastermind says his music and fans have kept him going .  he pursues piracy issues and tirelessly fights to protect artists ' wor .
 why shareholder value is 'the dumbest idea in the world ' <sec> executives should be incentivized on different dimensions -- not just shareholder value , spicer says .  corporations with strict focus on maximizing shareholder value tend to employ managers with short-term commitment .  he argues that impacts on customers , suppliers , communities and employees all need to be discusse .
 report : ex-nfl star hernandez responds from jail to fan letter <sec> aaron hernandez is being held on a murder charge .  former nfl star responds to fan letter , according to report .  he says : world makes things from `` false accusations .
 save lives : end the hiv stigma <sec> we are finally piercing the stigma surrounding being gay in america , says ronald johnson .  as 1.2 million americans are living with hiv , it 's time to erase that stigma , too , he says .  only 19 % of americans living with hiv receive the sustained care they need , he says .  johnson : clearing up shame over hiv/aids will lead more people to get teste .
 kuznetsova draws russia level with czechs in fed cup final <sec> fed cup final is level at 1-1 after saturday 's opening singles rubbers .  world no . .  2 petra kvitova beats maria kirilenko in opening match in moscow .  russia draw level as svetlana kuznetsova defeats lucie safarova .  czech republic seeking first title in women 's teams event since 198 .
 at & t is just bad for the wrong people in the wrong places <sec> cities such as new york and san francisco can strain wireless networks .  they have a large concentration of iphone owners who love to complain in the press .  pc world : test shows at & t 's network almost always faster than competitors .  spokesman : at & t adding more bandwidth to support faster speed .
 chris brown fails drug test , faces probation hearing in november <sec> drug test was administered in virginia where brown was doing community service .  brown said he had a medical marijuana card for california .  brown is on probabation for assaulting singer rihanna in 2009 .  his former girlfriend tweeted her support monda .
 the fastest-growing job in america <sec> lz granderson : hustling no longer a dirty word : it means holding down a couple jobs .  lz : 20 % of us are underemployed , so holding down part-time , temp jobs a way of life .  job numbers up , but technology is going to continue to make jobs obsolete , he writes .  lz : the bright side is that layoffs and buyouts mean many are becoming entrepreneur .
 angola officials held hidden oil stakes <sec> three powerful officials in angola have held concealed interests in an oil venture .  could raise questions about compliance with us anti-corruption law .
 more people killed in syrian military operations , rights group says <sec> new : at least 26 people were killed monday , an opposition rights group says .  report : a syrian adviser says parliamentary elections could be held this year or early next .  the u.n. high commissioner for human rights puts the death toll at 2,600 .  a 12-year-old child is shot and killed by security forces , an opposition rights group say .
 buffalo hotels bristle at tom brady jab <sec> tom brady said buffalo hotels `` not the nicest places in the world '' .  `` i apologize for saying that , '' brady told local sports columnist .  hotels and tourism officials spoke out in defense of the city 's lodging option .
 venezuela 's vice president sworn in as interim president <sec> new : `` they want to stay in power , '' analyst says of maduro and his supporters .  `` i am his son , '' maduro says of chavez .  the opposition figure blasts high court for letting the swearing-in go forward .  will capriles run ? .  `` we 'll talk again , '' he respond .
 gas prices down for most of u.s. , but up in some sandy-stricken areas <sec> the average nationwide gasoline price is down 7 cents over 2 weeks , a survey says .  but prices are up in some areas hit by superstorm sandy , the lundberg survey reports .  long island had the highest average in the latest survey .  memphis had the lowes .
 woman accused of murder as a hate crime in nyc subway push death <sec> judge orders suspect to be held without bail , and undergo a psychiatric exam .  erika menendez is charged with second-degree murder as a hate crime .  the woman made `` statements implicating herself in the death of sunando sen , '' police said .  witnesses say a woman pushed the man onto the tracks as a train entered a statio .
 coney island celebrates as reigning hot dog eating champs win again <sec> joey chestnut wins 7th nathan 's hot dog eating contest in coney island .  his 69 hot dogs and buns consumed breaks the event 's previous record .  sonya thomas ekes out another win in the women 's competition .  the event was a celebration of coney island , which was hit hard by superstorm sand .
 cnn 's amanpour makes plea to fund and protect journalism <sec> cnn 's christiane amanpour gave a speech at the newsxchange event .  she highlighted the need to fund journalism and respect human rights , including press freedom .  she described u.s. president barack obama 's administrations as `` litigious against journalists '' .  amanpour also encouraged journalists not to portray every person in authority as corrup .
 uk nurse with ebola improving <sec> a uk nurse infected with ebola has improved and is no longer critically ill , hospital says .  pauline cafferkey , 39 , is the first person to have been diagnosed with ebola on uk soil .  she contracted the virus after working in sierra leone and became ill after returning to britai .
 cnn student news : summer news quiz - august 4 , 2011 <sec> have you been paying attention to the news this summer ? .  take this quiz to test your knowledge of some summer headlines .  the cnn student news daily program will return on august 15t .
 set afire , teen now struggles for survival <sec> police say teens doused michael brewer , 15 , with rubbing alcohol and set him ablaze .  attack came after brewer reported that one boy had stolen his father 's bicycle .  65 percent of brewer 's body is covered in second- , third-degree burns .  teen suspects appeared before judges monday in florid .
 can you dodge premium gas ? <sec> fuel octane requirements can be found on inside of car 's fuel door .  using a higher-than-required octane wo n't make car run better , experts say .  ford says it does all vehicle development on regular-grade fuel now .  check the gas requirements for new fuel-efficient car to maximize saving .
 rights group decries flogging sentence for female saudi driver <sec> saudi king announced greater political participation for women this week .  amnesty international says the reforms mean little in light of flogging sentence .  women are barred from getting behind the wheel in saudi arabia .  amnesty says a woman was sentenced to 10 lashe .
 de jong dropped from netherlands squad <sec> nigel de jong is dropped from the netherlands squad for two euro 2012 qualifying games .  man city midfielder involved in a tackle that broke hatem ben arfa 's leg on sunday .  newcastle united confirm ben arfa has fractured his leg in two place .
