 saudi tweeter gets cyber-pummeling over sex harassment mistranslation <sec> a conservative writer argued in a tweet that working women in saudi arabia would be harassed .  the western press mistranslated his tweet , abdallah al-dawood says .  some thought the conservative author was calling for men to harass women sexually .  netizens in saudi arabia went after hi .
 ukraine rebels bury the fallen -- story behind the lens <sec> photojournalist jonathan alpeyrie has been covering the siege of donetsk , ukraine .  donetsk is held by pro-russian rebels but the ukrainian army has gradually encircled it .  alpeyrie managed to follow a rebel convoy to a funeral for their fallen fighters .  he and his colleagues were arrested but later released after photographing the scen .
 florida boy injured by celebratory gunfire is improving <sec> diego duran 's condition is upgraded from critical to serious .  the bullet is still lodged in his head .  the 12-year-old boy was watching fireworks when he was hit .  `` it 's a miracle that he 's alive , '' says the boy 's mothe .
 remains of mother and child recovered from bridge collapse site <sec> new : body identified as that of nursing student from somalia .  victim 's daughter was only child killed in disaster .  photo shows where construction equipment sat on bridge .  location of equipment may help investigators compute stresse .
 u.s. knocks down report of iran , venezuela missile base <sec> a german newspaper reports that a secret missile pact was signed .  state department says the report is not credible .  venezuela also denies the allegations .  the author of the report says he stands by his source .
 iran importing gold to evade economic sanctions , turkish official says <sec> deputy prime minister describes what amounts to a gold-for-oil barter system .  government says iran has imported billions of dollars worth of gold from turkey since march .  in april , turkey exported $ 1.2 billion in gold to iran , a 438.2 % jump from the previous year .  economists say the gold-for-oil trade shows the u.s.-led sanctions are hurting ira .
 petraeus , the ph.d. warrior , faces big test <sec> gen. david petraeus , who has a ph.d. from princeton , wrote the book on counterinsurgency .  peter bergen says petraeus accomplished a huge turnaround in iraq .  the general took many steps to gain public support for u.s. efforts in iraq , bergen says .  he notes petraeus has said afghanistan will be harde .
 so you missed the inca trail ? a guide to alternate treks <sec> there 's a 500 person per day limit on the historic inca trail .  several more serene alternate treks can be booked mere days in advance .  for those seeking more of an adventure , choquequirao is the ideal tre .
 rescuers race flames to save pets , livestock <sec> animal services : `` we 're doing the best we can to keep ahead of the flames '' .  officers looking for animals left in evacuated areas .  many shelters taking in animals along with people .  humane society : not a repeat of katrin .
 lady gaga 's 'artpop ' earns the number one spot , eminem holds on <sec> gaga 's new album sold about 258,000 copies in its first week .  it 's a long way from the numbers she did with `` born this way '' .  `` artpop '' narrowly bested eminem 's `` the marshall mathers lp 2 .
 the real reasons why conservative groups are still going after hagel <sec> conservative groups fight sen. chuck hagel 's confirmation as defense secretary .  regardless , many believe he will be confirmed after thursday 's hearings .  experts say they may be trying to show they can fight the good figh .
 malawi gay man now dating a woman , group says <sec> one of two gay men recently pardoned is now seeing a woman , group says .  he was together with gay partner only briefly after release from prison .  the men were sentenced last month to 14 years in prison .  malawi 's president pardoned them after international outcr .
 ecclestone wants patrick to spearhead f1 's female driver revolution <sec> formula one supremo bernie ecclestone wants more women in the sport .  the last woman to race an f1 car was italian lella lombardi in 1976 . .  susie wolff is the only female driver in the sport heading into the 2013 season .  scotland 's wolff works as development driver for william .
 10 things to know before visiting new mexico <sec> christmas is served 365 days a year in new mexico .  the state has a longer wine-growing history than california .  new mexicans may openly carry a gun , no permit required , almost anywher .
 ex-pr exec justine sacco apologizes for aids in africa tweet <sec> top pr executive says she is very sorry and ashamed .  she no longer works for large media company iac .  corporate communications head was on 12-hour flight when tweet went viral .  iac says , `` there is no excuse for the hateful statements that have been made .
 3 sentenced to prison for attack on black man in south carolina <sec> 3 convicted for the 2007 attack at a store in south carolina .  victim had stopped at the store to use the restroom , according to court documents .  defendants admitted taking him outside and threatening him with a chainsaw .  one man stole his car , pulled gun on men he thought were helping the victi .
 car plows into commuters in jerusalem , killing baby <sec> baby killed in hit-and-run reportedly american citizen , state department says .  driver shot as he tried to flee and later dies , police and hospital officials say .  man rams car into commuters waiting at light rail stop in jerusalem .  seven others wounded in what 's being called an act of terro .
 'silent ' heart attacks more common than thought , study says <sec> silent heart attacks affect nearly 200,000 people in the united states annually .  researchers studied 185 people at risk of coronary artery disease .  treatment for `` silent '' heart attacks is similar to that for regular attacks .  more research is necessary to determine whether screening is usefu .
 tropical storm debby spawns fatal tornado in florida , drenches coast <sec> new : voluntary and mandatory evacuation orders are issued for the florida panhandle .  debby is stationary about 115 miles from shore , forecasters say .  1 woman is killed and a child is injured by apparent tornadoes in central florida , an official says .  up to 25 inches of rain are possible in some spots by the time the storm is don .
 sheen files suit against porn actress <sec> new : complaint says actress asked for money .  new : sheen did not have drugs , lawyer says .  adult film star 's attorney : civil suit is comin .
 fast food with a side of renaissance flair <sec> rebecca ruetten photographed fast food as social commentary about class divide .  she modeled her photographs after renaissance paintings .  her style was influenced by painter michelangelo merisi da caravaggi .
 opinion : bin laden 's life on the run <sec> peter bergen : abbottabad report gives intimate picture of bin laden 's life hiding in pakistan .  he says it 's sharp indictment of what report calls pakistan intelligence 's `` incompetence '' .  it recounts bin laden 's daily life , tactics to evade discovery , and the drama of the night of the raid .  bergen : it calls out cia ploys that used doctor to help find bin laden ; fault 's local governmen .
 body of missing ny mother found in turkey <sec> new : turkish police chief says tourist died from blow to her head .  body of new york woman found in istanbul .  she disappeared almost two weeks ago .  sarai sierra was a mother a tw .
 federer considering rio olympic bid <sec> world no . .  1 roger federer wants to compete at the 2016 olympics in rio .  federer was beaten to gold in the men 's singles at the games by andy murray .  the swiss has competed in four olympics but this was his first singles medal .  the 16-time grand slam won doubles gold with stanislas wawrinka in 200 .
 chilean death toll revised downward <sec> new : casualty count in maule includes people who are missing but not confirmed dead .  chile 's president-elect names six officials to head up recovery efforts .  president michelle bachelet visits hard-hit areas amid complaints over slow aid .  more than 120 aftershocks rock region after last week 's 8.8-magnitude quak .
 another chemical spilled from west virginia plant , company says <sec> the second chemical is n't believed to pose new health risks , the cdc says .  it escaped from the same tank that leaked on january 9 outside charleston .  a state official called the late disclosure `` completely unacceptable '' .  the january 9 leak prompted a do-not-use order for up to 300,000 peopl .
 n.y. elementary school aide accused of making child porn <sec> a brooklyn elementary school teacher 's aide is being held without bail .  taleek brooks is accused of making child pornography , possibly on school grounds .  he has been suspended without pay ; the fbi is investigatin .
 the football 'invaders from brazil ' <sec> a look at a team of naturalized players plying their trade in world football . .  the team is largely made of brazilians want a taste of international football , .  fifa is trying to stamp out the phenomenon .  what do you think ? .  let us know via the sound off box belo .
 defibrillator champion is saved by one himself <sec> heart association official suffered cardiac arrest in a texas airport .  his life was saved by an automated external defibrillator .  his group pressed to have the aeds place in the airport months earlie .
 southwest airlines ceo calls faa 's threat of fine unfair <sec> southwest airlines ceo says airline was surprised at faa charges .  faa charged thursday that southwest skipped mandatory inspections of 117 planes .  southwest ceo gary kelly says safety was never compromised .  faa has started process to fine a record $ 10.2 million over 47 fuselage inspection .
 four sent off as hungary reach u-20 semifinals <sec> hungary defeat italy 3-2 in a dramatic match to reach world cup u-20 semis .  four players are sent off , three for italy , as hungary clinch victory in extra time .  hungary will play ghana in the final after the africans defeat south korea 3- .
 turner prize won by irish film artist duncan campbell <sec> irish artist duncan campbell takes home the 2014 turner prize , worth £25,000 .  past recipients include damien hirst , tracey emin and chris ofili .  mixed reviews circle the media as critics and audiences debate campbell 's wor .
 mychal bell of 'jena 6 ' released on bail <sec> bell released from custody after juvenile court judge sets bail at $ 45,000 .  prosecutor wo n't appeal ruling in bell case .  bell and five other black teens are accused of beating white student justin barker .  beating followed white students hanging nooses from a tree on school ground .
 celebrating an american trailblazer <sec> emily anderson recreates alice ramsey 's 1909 coast-to-coast auto odyssey .  both women made the journey from nyc to san francisco in a 1909 maxwell da .  passing trucks kicked up debris and wind around the open car during 30-day trip .  anderson 's maxwell suffered many breakdowns and lots of people helped along the wa .
 rory mcilroy issues stress-related illness warning <sec> rory mcilroy says pressure in sports is leading to increase in stress-relates illnesses .  england cricketer jonathan trott left the ashes series this week citing a stress-related illness .  mcilroy says it shows the mental toll sport can take on athletes .  the northern irishman was speaking ahead of this week 's australian open in sydne .
 no takers for michael vick 's georgia mansion <sec> no one submitted minimum $ 3.2 million bid for michael vick 's mansion .  vick , former quarterback of the atlanta falcons , is in prison .  he was convicted last year in connection with dogfighting operation .  mansion in duluth , georgia , has eight bedrooms , 11 bathroom .
 rebels : sri lanka still bombing civilians <sec> tamil rebels say sri lankan forces ignoring orders to end military operations sri lanka : forces ordered to cease use of heavy-caliber guns , combat aircraft rebels say fighter bombers continued to bomb civilian targets after announcement .  developments come after sri lankan officials reject rebels ' cease-fire offe .
 'doctor who ' : the doctor 's new companion revealed <sec> jenna-louise coleman will play matt smith 's new companion on `` doctor who '' .  her appearance will follow the departure of karen gillan and arthur darvill later this year .  the 25-year-old coleman 's credits include the british soap `` emmerdale '' and `` captain america .
 fda warning : do n't buy swine flu drugs online <sec> fda issued the warning after it had purchased products over the internet .  the products received by fda were not approved for u.s. sale .  agency : meds purchased from unreliable sources put consumers at ris .
 senegal elections : a stable democracy at stake <sec> protests as senegal 's octogenarian incumbent president seeks third term .  abdoulaye wade , 85 , came to power in 2000 after multiple unsuccessful runs .  musician youssou n'dour is one of forces behind demonstrations .  past elections have included smooth transition of power , a rarity in afric .
 patrick dempsey : winning bid for coffee-shop chain 'just felt right ' <sec> new : `` it just felt right , '' says the `` grey 's anatomy '' star .  new : starbucks comments on its bid .  dempsey 's company will pay $ 9.15 million for tully 's coffee .  the struggling seattle-based chain filed for bankruptcy last yea .
 blake battles back in atlanta , sets up isner clash <sec> james blake is into the second round of the atlanta tennis championships .  the american will now face his compatriot john isner after defeating ernests gulbis .  sombev devvarman , tatsuma ito , michael russell and gilles muller also advance .
 '12 years , ' 'gravity ' tie for prize at producers guild awards <sec> darryl f. zanuck award is given for the `` finest production work '' of the year .  the honor is often a good indicator of which film will win best oscar .  the tie was the first in pga histor .
 ricki lake proud of former nanny turned cnn hero <sec> marie da silva , a top 10 cnn hero in 2008 , was once a nanny for actress ricki lake .  da silva funds a school for aids orphans in her native country of malawi .  lake has a personal connection to the disease ; her grandfather died of aids in the '80 .
 suspect in 1987 kidnapping surrenders to police , faces federal charges <sec> new : ann pettway will face federal kidnapping charges monday .  fbi says pettway turned herself in to fbi office .  source says pettway contacted an officer on facebook .  kidnapped baby , now 23 , was reunited with her biological family this mont .
 wozniacki reaches fourth round ; sharapova sets up safina clash <sec> caroline wozniacki reaches fourth round , beating maria jose martinez sanchez .  world no . .  1 will play alisa kleybanova for a place in indian wells quarterfinals .  maria sharapova sets up last-16 clash with fellow russian and former no . .  1 dinara safina .  nadia petrova , agnieszka radwanska and victoria azarenka also progres .
 u.s. , canadian citizens arrested in mexico <sec> robert hamlin wainwright , 66 , was wanted on weapons charges .  wainwright , a convicted child molester , also charged with polluting indiana waters .  arthur leland sayler accused of operating 36 child pornography web sites .  officials say they confiscated 29 dvds that could hold 4 million photograph .
 forget paris , fall in love with accra <sec> author chibundu onuzo visited accra , the capital of ghana , for the first time .  she was impressed by the hospitality of locals .  the city has something to offer all kinds of tourists , says onuzo .  `` i left accra determined to go on holiday in more african countries , '' she say .
 airbus a320 crashes into sea off france <sec> french official : airbus a320 air new zealand jet crashes off southern french coast .  rescue efforts launched , no immediate reports of survivors , floating debris found .  passenger jet was on a training flight when it crashed at about 4 p.m. gm .
 new york complaint details torture and death of 4-year-old boy <sec> four-year-old myls dobson was burned and beaten to death .  police commissioner says the child suffered `` horrific injuries sustained over a period of days '' .  caretaker is charged with assault and unlawful imprisonment .  the 27-year-old woman could face additional charge .
 'community ' returns on yahoo : what 's the verdict ? <sec> the fan favorite comedy `` community '' returns for a sixth season on yahoo .  the series is just as weirdly hilarious as ever , with surprises in store .  critics and fans loved the premier .
 english premier league remains export gold <sec> the english premier league 's international rights are currently up for tender .  despite current economic downturn the premier league is in high demand .  premier league matches are played into 600 million homes around the worl .
 pakistan 's president tells palin she 's 'gorgeous ' <sec> vp candidate sarah palin in new york meeting international leaders .  new pakistani president asif ali zardari called palin `` gorgeous '' .  zardari : `` now i know why the whole of america is crazy about you .
 analysts weigh obama 's global human rights policies <sec> good start in myanmar , china problematic , says human rights watch official .  he also criticizes the u.s. special envoy to sudan for `` dumb '' remarks .  ex-u.n. official says obama 's strategy has more chance of accomplishmen .
 immigrant children tread treacherous political landscape - cnnpolitics.com <sec> waves of immigrant children fleeing poverty , violence are at center of heated debate .  while the right and left lay blame , both sides are at fault for the flood of immigrant kids , experts say .  relaxing deportation policies , failing to pass immigration reform part of u.s. role in problem .  u.s. officials will have to work with home countries to ensure a resolutio .
 hong kong youth caught in wave of ketamine addiction <sec> police : ketamine is the top drug of choice among young people in hong kong .  drug use among those under 21 has jumped 57 percent in the last four years .  police stepping up crackdowns , say parks and public toilets hot spots for drug use .  hong kong has one drug rehab center for youth , located on a remote former pig far .
 netflix plans lemony snicket tv series <sec> netflix is adapting `` a series of unfortunate events '' into a tv series .  the show is based on books written by daniel handler , aka lemony snicket .  handler will be an executive producer of the tv serie .
 why you should care about cannes <sec> film critic agnes poirier : the cannes film festival is the olympics of cinema .  it was created as a reaction against italian dictator mussolini promoting fascist-italian films .  poirier : at cannes directors are free to throw tantrums and tell critics what they really think .  today success at cannes is the nobel prize directors and actors secretly covet , says poirie .
 for a mother 's day present , how about a little undying gratitude ? <sec> renfroe : mother 's day gifts are like geometry class -- you have to show your work to get credit .  `` as a holiday , it only really works the first five years you 're a mother '' .  `` motherhood is a piece of your heart walking around outside your body .
 medvedev : russia is open for business <sec> new : son of jailed russian tycoon khodorkovsky urges a focus on tackling corruption .  dmitry medvedev : russia wants to attract large-scale foreign investment .  tackling poor governance is the country 's priority , medvedev says .  russia ranks low in global corruption indices , which has held back investmen .
 jack trammell is the democrat who no longer has to face eric cantor <sec> jack trammell is the democratic challenger in virginia 's 7th district .  he is a college professor from randolph-macon college .  he has never run for office but has written 21 books .  the district is solidly republican but cantor 's defeat shook the distric .
 rape victim 's family : we want justice , not vigilante justice <sec> activist group anonymous tells police : `` better act fast '' to take action against teens .  mother says the justice system failed her daughter .  mounties defend their actions : `` it 's complex '' .  the case is reminiscent of an incident in steubenville , ohi .
 u.s. vendors look to cuban market <sec> new political climate prompts u.s. firms to come to cuban trade fair for first time .  u.s. companies want to break into market and go home with a contract .  cuba also reeling from global economic crisis .  cuba is slashing imports of u.s. food by one-thir .
 da : first-grader brings his grandmother 's heroin to school <sec> a 7-year-old boy was caught with 9 bags of heroin in his pants pocket at school .  da : the boy 's grandmother `` lost track '' of the heroin while she was babysitting .  the da faults school district for not doing enough to inform authorities , parents .  the pennsylvania school district says it contacted local polic .
