 where the travel deals are <sec> travel deals to popular destinations are a silver lining of the financial meltdown .  weak currencies make countries like iceland and south africa more affordable .  discounts are being rolled out to lure budget-conscious traveler .
 tunisia museum attackers 'wore suicide vests ' <sec> the bardo museum attackers wore suicide vests , tunisia 's president tells cnn .  police shot them before they could detonate the vests , beji caid essebsi says .  essebsi says 15 people have been arrested over the deadly attac .
 ex-flight attendant blames 'perfect storm of bad manners ' for outburst <sec> steven slater was `` angry '' when he blasted a passenger , exited via an evacuation slide .  the flight attendant became a pop culture icon after the incident .  slater has struck a deal to co-write a book , tentatively titled , `` cabin pressure '' .  he 's plead guilty to two counts of criminal mischief , and must get counseling , pay a fin .
 feds end roundup , release cattle after tense nevada showdown <sec> authorities end cattle roundup , return livestock for safety reasons .  troopers reopen northbound interstate 15 about 80 miles outside las vegas .  `` tensions are still near the boiling point , '' sen. heller says .  some supporters of rancher were armed , authorities sa .
 fbi to review honeymooner 's 2005 cruise ship death <sec> george smith went overboard the royal caribbean cruise ship in 2005 .  his family is convinced it was murder .  the fbi office in new york has agreed to look at the cas .
 fernando alonso airlifted to hospital after f1 crash <sec> fernando alonso crashes in final day of testing at circuit de catalunya .  two-time world champion airlifted to hospital near barcelona .  alonso underwent 'precautionary checks ' according to his mclaren team .  roman grosjean of lotus sets fastest time of week sunday afternoo .
 libyan government : a prosperous future lost to civil war <sec> `` the cost is colossal , '' says abdulhafid zlitni , libya 's planning and finance minister .  the suspension of oil and gas exports accounts for a huge chunk of that , he says .  mammoth construction projects , now abandoned , still dot the libyan landscap .
 vehicle designed 'from the ground up ' for people in wheelchairs <sec> the new vehicle is made for wheelchair-bound passengers .  the mv-1 is made `` from the ground up '' for people with disabilities .  the americans with disabilities act was passed in 199 .
 in china , bing 's turn to show some spine <sec> rebecca makinnon says that with google.cn out of china , bing could get more customers .  she says microsoft and other firms in china have yielded to extra-legal censorship there .  but microsoft set stricter rules recently for how it will comply with censorship , she says .  will bing comply only with requests that have a clear basis in chinese law ? .  she ask .
 dynamite blast on truck kills 23 in mexico <sec> truck was carrying more than 25 tons of dynamite .  at least 140 people injured in the blast , government spokesman says .  no foul play suspected , spokesman says ; cause under investigation .  mexican news agency reports higher death toll of 3 .
 international linear collider to find unifying theory of everything <sec> the international linear collider aims to `` discover an overarching theory of everything '' .  the vast new facility will increase understanding of the higgs boson , commonly known as the `` god particle '' .  research into the particle led to the awarding of this year 's nobel prize in physic .
 opinion : politics should n't force federal case vs. zimmerman <sec> andrew mccarthy : justice department should handle cases based strictly on facts and law .  mccarthy : attorney general eric holder should not have politicized the zimmerman case .  he says zimmerman case is not a federal case because civil rights was not an issue .  mccarthy : if justice had been served , zimmerman case would never have been a criminal cas .
 virginia tech fined $ 55,000 in 2007 shooting rampage <sec> virginia tech did not send timely warnings , the federal government says .  the university says it will appeal decision .  it claims it met rules that were current at the time ; the u.s. department of education disagree .
 world cup beer battle brewing between brazil and fifa <sec> fifa and brazil at loggerheads over the sale of alcohol at 2014 world cup .  legislation banning all alcohol in brazilian stadiums was passed in 2003 .  brazil agreed to sell beer in hosting arenas when they were awarded finals .  brewers budweiser are one of fifa 's main sponsors for the 2014 tournamen .
 how board game helped free pows <sec> monopoly board games helped allied troops in wwii .  red cross gave special games to troops in pow camps .  they contained maps , compasses , money .  the troops used the items to escape to safet .
 well-known literary translator detained in iran <sec> mohammad soleimani nia has been detained since january 10 for unknown reasons .  he translated `` funny in farsi , '' a best-selling book by an iranian-american author .  his family is worried about his health in harsh prison condition .
 fisherman answers the calling of the keys <sec> lobster fisherman 's family has been working the waters since the 1820s .  crew off the florida keys is on a quest for spiny tail lobster .  boat skipper laments the economic tailspin , falling price of lobster .  `` this is the most beautiful office that anyone could have .
 mother of shooting suspect : my son was no monster <sec> omar thornton killed eight people at a connecticut beer distributor this month .  his mother says he was being racially harassed and had reached his limit .  hartford distributors says it caught thornton stealing and selling alcoholic beverages .  thornton killed himself as police closed in on hi .
 what 's ted cruz 's deal ? <sec> ted cruz does n't follow senate rules , irritating traditionalists on both sides of the aisle .  unapologetic , cruz says he was elected to do a job that includes shrinking government .  cruz ups ante in battle to derail obamacare , but will he chart new course or stumble ? .  latest crusade that threatens shutdown frustrates many , including some in his own part .
 authorities : 2 latest suspects not involved in alleged nato plot <sec> authorities say the two latest suspects are accused in separate incidents .  bond was set at $ 750,000 for one and $ 500,000 for the second .  three other men are charged in an alleged terror plot during the nato summit .  authorities say president obama 's headquarters was among the target .
 'firefly ' reunion coming to comic-con 2012 <sec> science channel will host a panel at comic-con 2012 for cult favorite sci-fi show `` firefly . '' .  director joss whedon , writer tim minear and five of the actors are expected to attend . .  the panel will be held in honor of the show 's 10-year anniversary . .  the panel will be held friday , july 13 at 12:30 p.m .
 foul-mouthed bieber-hating mother takes over @ sweden <sec> new : `` we want her to continue being herself , '' sweden marketing director says .  sonja abrahamsson has used the country 's official twitter account to make an aids joke .  she also speculated about why some people hate jews , then decided it was a bad idea .  @ sweden gives a different citizen control of the account each week to drum up interes .
 podcast : do muslims really hate terrorism ? <sec> cnn radio podcast features cnn opinion contributors on top three stories .  podcast offers views of john avlon , margaret hoover and dean obeidallah .  panelists exchange views on the bush library , flight delays and attitudes toward muslim .
 taliban school attack : 145 killed in pakistan siege <sec> children `` are dying on the frontline in the war against terror , '' pakistan 's defense minister says .  the death toll has climbed to 145 people , included 132 children and the school 's principal .  attackers gunned down students taking an exam in an auditorium , military spokesman says .  attack was on a school mostly for soldiers ' children ; many of the dead between 12 and 1 .
 watch where you click : international cyber attacks on the rise <sec> internet attacks against u.s. citizens , companies are increasing , research shows .  senate committee hearing from obama administration on threats from overseas .  facebook , microsoft , banks , media companies all hit with cyber attacks .  the obama administration wants china to curb hackin .
 nepal government splits over general 's firing <sec> nepal 's government orders army chief of staff fired after recruitment issue .  military refused to stop recruiting soldiers while it has n't accepted ex-maoist rebels .  dismissal touches off street protests and a split in maoist-dominated ruling coalition .  gen. rookmangud katawal has refused to accept his dismissa .
 law enforcement brothers accused of international arms trafficking <sec> nypd officer and his brother , a border protection officer in los angeles , are arrested .  they sent rifles and pistols to another brother in the philippines , authorities say .  the weapons included military-style rifles , the u.s. attorney say .
 the 'grand budapest hotel ' and other great day trips from berlin <sec> gorlitz was the film set for `` the reader , '' `` grand budapest hotel '' and `` the book thief '' .  president harry truman , prime minister winston churchill and soviet leader joseph stalin negotiated the partition of post-war germany at cecilienhof .  nikolaikirche was the birthplace of the east german movement that instigated the collapse of the berlin wal .
 man convicted on child molestation charges in u.s. arrested in canada <sec> canadian officials say they were following up on a tip when they made the arrest .  steven dyer was convicted in arizona in absentia in 2002 .  he had been free on bail and failed to show up in court .  canadian authorities say they believe dyer had been living in vancouve .
 white house : syria crosses 'red line ' with use of chemical weapons - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the white house says it plans to share the findings with congress and u.s. allies .  sen. john mccain says the rebels need anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons .  between 100 to 150 people are believed to have died in sarin gas attacks , the white house says .  the united states plans to step up its military support of the rebels , the white house say .
 amnesty : killings by dominican police 'alarming ' <sec> new : amnesty international : police often say those killed were suspected criminals .  report : police were responsible for 260 of 2,472 homicides in the dominican republic last year .  amnesty international says police behavior contributes to rising violence .  a police spokesman says officers protect the public , and killings are isolated incident .
 computer shows survivalist cop-killing suspect planned for years , officials say <sec> eric matthew frein tried to call his parents earlier this month , source says .  frein , a self-styled survivalist , is believed hiding in the pennsylvania woods .  he is accused of killing one pennsylvania state police officer and shooting anothe .
 america 's economic crisis ignored on campaign trail <sec> candidates agree that the economy is the main issue in the election .  julian zelizer says they 're ignoring the deeper economic challenge america faces .  good jobs have gone offshore , inequality is growing and urban areas lag , he says .  zelizer : u.s. economic problems are decades in the making and need serious attentio .
 31 dead in siberia plane crash , government says <sec> new : experts from britain , france and canada will help investigate .  the twin-engine plane crashes soon after takeoff , carrying 43 people .  the cause of the crash was not immediately known .  the crash is russia 's worst air disaster since a crash in yaroslavl last yea .
 playing video games to raise millions for charity <sec> gamers can raise money by playing for more than 24 hours on november 2 .  extra life has raised more than $ 4 million since its start in 2008 .  the charity child 's play marks 10 years of gamers giving back . .  humble bundle gives gamers the choice to pay more to help charitie .
 american flight cut short because of pilot work hours <sec> weather delayed an american flight out of boston for more than two hours .  pilot work rules forced the flight to divert to chicag .
 anonymous targets westboro baptist over threats of newtown protest <sec> hacktivist group anonymous publishes personal info of westboro baptist church members .  church group announced it would picket site of school shooting in newtown , connecticut .  anonymous posts members ' private e-mail addresses , phone numbers and home addresse .
 obama signs defense bill 'with reservations ' <sec> obama has concerns about flexibility of counterterrorism efforts .  the white house lifted a veto threat after changes in detainee language .  the issue involved presidential authority over military or civilian custody .  the $ 662 billion measure includes tough sanctions against iran over its nuclear progra .
 great depression holds lessons for surviving tough economy <sec> economic downturn brings back memories of poverty during great depression .  ireporters recall family stories of stealing food and eating wild hogs or squirrels .  saving , self-reliance exhibited during that era useful now when borrowing is difficult .  ireport.com : what are the great depression 's lessons ? .  share photos , vide .
 chinese icebreaker turns back from antarctic rescue mission <sec> chinese ship ca n't break the ice , but remains nearby to aid rescue .  a french icebreaker ship that was en route had its mission suspended .  the trapped research vessel is carrying 74 tourists and scientists studying climate change .  an australian icebreaker also is en rout .
 fit nation : down but not out in 20 seconds <sec> julia and eugene smookler are fit nation 's first team couple .  eugene says he wants them both to get in better shape .  couple wants to be better role models for their daughter , mara , .
 middle east moral one-upmanship dangerous ( opinion ) <sec> tuesday 's horrific attack in jerusalem not unprecedented , says lisa goldman .  jerusalem tensions have been simmering since june , goldman says .  rush to engage in moral one-upmanship unhelpful , she say .
 manchester united sign former homeless footballer <sec> manchester united sign 20-year-old striker bebe from portugal club vitoria guimaraes .  bebe played his early football for an organization in portugal which helped the homeless .  he was reportedly recommended to united by their former assistant manager carlos quiero .
 clock ticking on iran talks and possible further u.s. sanctions - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama says `` now is not the time for new sanctions '' .  iran to limit its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief starting january 20 .  talks will continue on a broader deal to prevent iran from developing nuclear weapons .  a bipartisan proposal in congress calls for imposing new conditional sanctions on ira .
 oscar pistorius : the bullet in the chamber <sec> oscar pistorius will be the first double amputee to compete at olympic games .  south african has already been first to run at world athletics championships .  his carbon-fiber prosthetic blades were temporarily banned by the iaaf in 2008 .  the 24-year-old is a multiple gold medal winner at the paralympics since his 2004 debu .
 china confirms second bird flu death this year <sec> new : the woman became ill on january 5 and died on saturday .  new : two tests on the woman are positive for h5n1 avian influenza , officials say .  a 2-year-old girl in northern china is in critical condition with bird flu .  china reported its first human infection in 2005 ; 30 cases confirmed so fa .
 parents : missing 8th grader took his own life <sec> missing pennsylvania teen died from self-inflicted gunshot wound .  cayman naib , 13 , was found dead sunday after being missing for five day .
 obama visit : why u.s. now needs germany more than ever <sec> barack obama makes a state visit to germany this week .  he should persuade germany to take the lead in world affairs , writes sudha david-wilp .  german leadership is required for the euro crisis , transatlantic trade and multilateral securit .
 texts , victims emerge from rubble after haiti quake <sec> jacques bazin says two children died under a collapsed house after a friday aftershock .  bazin was under the rubble three days before he was saved ; he 's now helping others .  text messages to germany , new york speak to dearth of rescuers , resources in haiti .  regine madhere 's aunt , uncle at market , hoping rescuers will soon pull her from debri .
 can buildings make you happy ? <sec> alain de botton authored the architecture of happiness .  he believes emotions are shown in , and can be deduced from architecture .  architect robert adam disagrees with many of de botton 's idea .
 union seeks injunction against british airways <sec> union unite says it is taking british airways to court over working changes .  ba wants to impose is a reduction in the number of crew members on flights .  ba plans to impose the changes starting november 16 , according to unit .
 endreson family wins $ 20 million in new jersey lottery <sec> a group of 17 brothers and sisters hits the pick-6 lottery for a jackpot of $ 20.1 million .  playing the lotto as a group is a family tradition started by their mother .  four members of the family lost their homes in superstorm sandy .  `` it could n't have come at a better time , '' a family spokeswoman say .
 d-day fast facts <sec> during world war ii , allied troops invaded normandy on june 6 , 1944 .  it was known as d-da .
 the man who wants to control the weather with lasers <sec> swiss professor jean-pierre wolf is pioneering the use of lasers to affect the weather .  he suggests lasers could also be used to limit the impact of climate chang .
 rare jackson portrait finds harlem home <sec> oil painting said to be the only portrait for which michael jackson sat .  painting is displayed at harlem-based automotive showroom .  it shows jackson in renaissance-era clothes , holding a book .  partner : painting 's owner chose showroom because it 's near apollo theate .
 arizona fugitives linked to burned bodies in new mexico <sec> new : forensic evidence links arizona escapees to burned bodies found in new mexico .  new : one escaped inmate 's stepfather says he 'd shoot stepson .  two of three escapees are still at large .  authorities believe the pair have left arizona but are still in the u.s .
 opinion : al-shabaab backed by money from u.s . <sec> bergen : al-shabaab bolstered not only by u.s. recruits but also by u.s. financial backers .  he says the terrorist group has received illegal funding from sympathizers in the u.s . .  u.s. authorities have succeeded in prosecuting al-shabaab supporters , bergen say .
 tour de farce as first stage in corsica disrupted by errant team bus <sec> chaos on opening stage of tour de france in corsica .  team bus becomes trapped under the finishing gantry .  crash in the run to the finish claims mark cavendish , peter sagan and alberto contador .  marcel kittel of the argos shimano team wins the sprint to claim the yellow jerse .
 lupita nyong'o named glamour woman of the year <sec> lupita nyong'o is named one of glamour 's women of the year .  the actress won an oscar for `` 12 years a slave '' .  she 's still getting used to celebrity .  she wants to be a role model for wome .
 wildfire threatens los alamos national lab , prompts evacuations <sec> new : more than 10,000 people are affected by the evacuation order .  central structures at the facility are well protected , officials say .  authorities order a mandatory evacuation for the town of los alamos .  the los alamos national laboratory will remain closed on tuesda .
 vick fails drug test , under house arrest <sec> vick 's september 13 drug test shows marijuana use .  pretrial release conditions tightened ; must stay home from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m . .  virginia grand jury indicts vick and the three co-defendants on state charges .  vick already faces up to 18 months in prison after federal plea dea .
 florida state investigates jameis winston for alleged assault <sec> university opens a title ix investigation into the 2012 case .  an fsu student says winston sexually assaulted her .  winston won the heisman trophy last yea .
 stoning death a case of 'citizen justice , ' witnesses say <sec> apparently by a mob , man killed near champs de mars , the capital 's central plaza .  `` this is robbery . .  he went to rob the people , '' says a man at the scene .  gruesome photos from the scene show the man facing up , with his arms out to the sid .
 10 greatest movie puppets of all time <sec> summer blockbusters are heavy on cgi , but can they compete with pre-digital movies ? .  some of film 's most impressive creations have been realized using puppetry .  we take a look at some of the best puppets in cinema histor .
