 amazon 's 150 most romantic stories <sec> amazon.com unveiled its list of 150 love stories fit for any romantic occasion .  the list includes both fiction and nonfiction , adult and young adult romance .  cnn living curated the list to our 40 favorite picks , including `` cold mountain '' and `` bel canto '' .  did your favorite book about love make the list ? .  share your opinion in the comments sectio .
 job numbers soar , but obama gets no credit <sec> economy shatters expectations , pumps out 321,000 jobs in november .  but many americans do n't feel their lives are improving .  history will remember obama for exit from great recessio .
 world 's longest recycled bridge spans scottish river <sec> a bridge made entirely out of waste plastic has been built over the river tweed in scotland .  the structure is the world 's longest and sturdiest recycled bridge .  the company behind the venture hopes the prototype can meet future bridge building requirement .
 brazilian 'genius ' architect niemeyer dies <sec> he was one of brazil 's geniuses , the nation 's president says .  he was 104 .  the mayor of rio de janeiro called for three days of mournin .
 two months on , typhoon bopha 's victims still homeless <sec> philippines island mindanao was hit hard by typhoon bopha .  two months on , 6,000 people remain homeless , living in evacuation centers .  muted international response to disaster hinders rebuilding .  donors view philippines as 'less deserving ' of humanitarian assistanc .
 missing ohio girl found with mom , sex offender <sec> missing ohio girl found alive near san diego , california , authorities say .  tip led authorities to raid communal farm .  haylee donathan was with mother , boyfriend who 's a fugitive sex offender .  haylee , mother were last seen may 2 .
 what advice did steve jobs give to facebook 's mark zuckerberg ? <sec> pbs 's charlie rose interviews mark zuckerberg , coo sheryl sandberg .  zuckerberg calls google+ `` their own little version of facebook '' .  young innovator professes respect for apple because company is n't just about bottom lin .
 where are the benghazi suspects ? <sec> faraj al-shibli is the second benghazi suspect to surface in recent weeks .  his body was found in an eastern libya town .  last month , u.s. commandos captured ahmed abu khattalah , who is charged in the attack .  four americans died in the 2012 attack on the u.s. diplomatic compound in benghaz .
 6-year-old boy 'kidnapped ' for being nice to strangers <sec> sheriff 's office in lincoln county , missouri , says relatives said they did nothing wrong .  boy was tied up and threatened by man with gun , police say .  they say he was taken to a basement where his pants were removed , told he could become sex slav .
 kin of american missing in iran : u.s. should admit he worked for cia <sec> u.s. government has failed to do enough to free him , bob levinson 's family says .  family says documents strongly suggest iranian officials arrested him .  the family want u.s. to acknowledge levinson 's work with cia ; officials have not .  being up-front `` would be more of a positive step to getting him home , '' son say .
 china 's giant pandas survive earthquake <sec> report : chinese authorities confirm that captive giant pandas are safe .  concerns grow over road accessibility to the reserves .  scientist : alternative foods exist in the event of depleted bamboo stock .
 mark sanford has a woman problem <sec> disgraced former gov . .  mark sanford won a runoff for u.s. house seat in south carolina .  he 'll now face democrat elizabeth colbert busch , sister of `` the colbert report '' star .  national democrats started attacks against sanford shortly after tuesday 's win .  while gop acknowledges sanford 's liabilities , his district might be more forgiving than other .
 skip the lines on black friday ; go online for great deals <sec> there 's a shift in how black friday is being handled this season .  retailers rethink the day since they do n't make as much money .  deals will be available throughout the remainder of the holiday season .  monitor the best deals out there on any number of web site .
 germany erupts as world cup wait comes to an end <sec> germany wins world cup with a hard-fought extra-time goal .  fans in german capital and around the country celebrate late into the night .  german coach credits players , project started by his predecesso .
 review : charlize theron , patton oswalt impress in 'young adult ' <sec> charlize theron plays the sexy , unmoored , utterly reprehensible mavis gary in `` young adult '' .  mavis is a ghostwriter for a successful young adult book series .  she feels compelled to head back home when she receives an e-mail from an ex-boyfrien .
 cnn student news transcript : october 5 , 2010 <sec> hear why some say that world war i actually ended last sunday .  discover what scientists have learned about marine biodiversity .  weigh in on a plan to put ads on school notices .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 aung san suu kyi and the power of unity <sec> burma 's heroine and nobel peace prize laureate aung san suu kyi touring u.s . .  suu kyi is addressing ethnic divisions in burma , challenging world leaders to be responsible .  writers ' online campaign for suu kyi united people from all political sides , famous and not .  they say in divisive times , it 's worth noting power of unity in service of democratic ideal .
 spanish players vote for strike action <sec> spanish soccer players vote to strike for the first two weekends of upcoming league season .  real madrid 's iker casillas and barcelona 's carles puyol support action .  dispute centers on a fund to help protect players ' wages at struggling clubs .  the spanish league call the strike action 'incomprehensible .
 high gasoline prices prompt justice department to eye energy industry <sec> new : obama promises to ensure companies do n't take advantage of u.s. consumers .  there is no current evidence of illegal conduct , attorney general holder says .  `` we will be vigilant in monitoring the oil and gas markets , '' he says .  he notes there are `` lawful reasons '' for increases in gasoline price .
 massive search for woman linked to paris hostage-taker <sec> hayat boumeddiene , alleged accomplice of amedy coulibaly , entered turkey , source says .  police killed coulibaly in standoff , hostage-taking at paris market .  le monde says photos show boumeddiene in a niqab and holding a weapon in 201 .
 france sends police to quell guadeloupe violence <sec> french police reinforcements being posted to guadeloupe .  island wracked by a month of sometimes violent protests over living conditions .  protest leader denies encouraging violence .  guadeloupe is french overseas territor .
 cdc director resigns effective january 20 <sec> dr. julie gerberding will leave her post by noon on january 20 .  outgoing hhs secretary michael leavitt asked her for resignation .  chief operating officer william h. gimson iii will take over as interim directo .
 mourners in turkey protest killings of kurdish activists <sec> three kurdish political activists were killed execution-style in france , authorities say .  the bodies of the women were repatriated to turkey for burial .  among the dead was sakine cansiz , a co-founder of kurdish rebel group pk .
 attempt to shoot down spy satellite to cost up to $ 60 million <sec> navy to shoot down a potentially hazardous satellite with anti-missile missile .  pentagon official : the missile alone costs almost $ 10 million .  super-secret spy satellite malfunctioned just after launch , has full fuel tank .  fuel tank likely to survive re-entry and disperse harmful , potentially deadly fume .
 u.s. storms kill more than 40 <sec> new : noaa 's storm prediction center says it has received reports of at least 230 tornadoes .  bertie county , north carolina , manager reports 11 fatalities , weather service says 14 .  storm-related deaths are reported in six other states .  `` epic event '' for north carolina , cnn meteorologist jacqui jeras say .
 mediterranean diet lowers risk of heart attack , stroke <sec> eating a mediterranean diet high in extra-virgin olive oil has health benefits , a study suggests .  a mediterranean diet high in nuts can also boost heart health .  study participants showed fewer heart problems and lower deaths from heart diseas .
 pterodactyl fossil fills gaps in evolutionary tale <sec> researchers say rare fossil find provides evidence of one theory of evolution .  20 fossilized pterodactyls found in china in rock dating back 160 million years .  fossils show creatures had characteristics of two types of known pterodactyls .  scientists say fossils show groups of features changed relatively rapidl .
 after obama win , hope and relief in china <sec> china has been a key topic during the u.s. election campaign .  both candidates blamed china for many of america 's woes .  chinese media congratulated obama but hit out at u.s. criticism .  china-u.s. relations hugely important , with respected economies so entwine .
 lockerbie : the aftermath remembered <sec> cnn 's diana magnay travels to lockerbie , scotland 20 years on from the air tragedy .  retired police inspector george stobbs recalls the scene of devastation .  hundreds of policemen and other volunteers combed 845 square meters of land .  lockerbie local john gair said he was never entirely convinced of al megrahi 's guil .
 fda blocking import of 5 species of fish from china <sec> fda blocks import of shrimp , catfish , eel , basa and dace from china .  fish wo n't be allowed until importers prove they are safe .  the fish were treated with antibiotics and antifungal medication .  the antibiotics are not allowed in u.s. fis .
 review : florence and the machine 's 'ceremonials ' <sec> florence and the machine 's second album is as dark , robust and romantic as ever .  the music touches on celtic melodies , bluesy rock stomps , nods to goth and gospel .  the album concludes with the rock-gospel uplift of `` leave my body .
 right-wing extremist terrorism as deadly a threat as al qaeda ? <sec> fbi is investigating shootings at sikh temple as act of domestic terrorism .  authors : al qaeda gets more attention ; right-wing extremist terrorists pose a deadly threat .  since 9/11 , u.s. has had more incidents of right-wing extremist terrorism than jihadi ones .  authors : right-wing , left-wing extremists more likely to obtain chemical , biological , radiological weapon .
 do frequent flyer schemes make loyal passengers ? <sec> recent survey found 40 % of passengers never redeem loyalty miles .  many airlines do n't see frequent flyer programs as a business priority .  air france-klm seen as one of the best , partnering with delt .
 sinkholes : common , costly and sometimes deadly <sec> central florida is particularly known for sinkholes .  the state lies on limestone bedrock and often sees the phenomenon .  florida property owners filed 24,671 claims for sinkhole damage from 2006 to 2010 .  florida sinkhole claims cost insurers $ 1.4 billion in that period , state senate report say .
 how an iranian film unites us all <sec> john anderson says iranian film `` a separation '' successful because themes not foreign .  the film tells story of woman determined to leave tehran but is thwarted by rigid system .  he says the irrational paranoia that drives iranian regime has echoes in right-wing u.s. politcs .  anderson : at a time of saber-rattling between nations , the film shows common humanit .
 new rnc scandal , old gop arrogance <sec> julian zelizer : michael steele and rnc spending spree is alienating conservative wing .  zelizer : spending on booze , bondage club comes when gop hoping to win 2010 midterms .  he thinks scandals reveal same arrogance that brought down gop in 2005 and 2006 .  they must change or it appears they ca n't be trusted with power , zelizer say .
 birds force kings of leon from st. louis stage <sec> new : excrement did not hit the fans .  the band decided to take the stage despite bombardment on openers .  the show ended when excrement landed on the bassist 's cheek .  kings of leon were warned about pigeon infestatio .
 mexican kingpin extradited to united states <sec> benjamin arellano felix is wanted in the united states .  he was a leader of the tijuana carte .
 alleged members of white supremacist group charged in florida <sec> more than a dozen alleged members of american front face charges .  they are accused of participating in paramilitary training .  police documents say they were plotting disruptions in an effort to attract new members .  they were also preparing for a race war , the documents sa .
 100 years ago , death valley set a scorching record -- 134 degrees <sec> on july 10 , 1913 , death valley recorded the hottest known temperature -- 134 degrees .  it was thought for years that libya held the record , but experts decided that recording was flawed .  at least 140 people gathered wednesday in death valley to celebrate the record-setting da .
 irs in the spotlight : what 's a 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) ? <sec> the irs is under scrutiny for its treatment of applications for tax-exempt status .  a 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) must be non-profit and must promote social welfare .  501 ( c ) ( 4 ) s can engage in lobbying .  501 ( c ) ( 4 ) s may also engage in some political activit .
 why i 'm rooting for patriots after all <sec> john berman : until there is proof they cheated , the patriots deserve fans ' support .  the deflated balls do n't prove wrongdoing without more evidence , he say .
 in my census , boxes multiply into a blur <sec> chang-rae lee : if census form were a person , he would be the nosy seat mate on a plane .  lee will tick korean box but knows his korean-ness in america is like no one else 's .  lee : `` our shared [ korean ] heritage shows in our faces , '' but similarities are superficial .  lee says if he designed form , boxes would multiply , blur , become uncountabl .
 mutilated woman , slain brother become symbols of syria 's pain <sec> syrian girl zainab alhusni dreamed of owning her own tailor shop , a neighbor says .  instead , she has become in death a symbol of the cruelty gripping syria .  `` they were chosen to be at the front lines of the syrian revolution , '' neighbor say .
 carville : gop adults want 'children ' to behave themselves <sec> james carville says the `` adults '' in gop are unhappy with the four remaining candidates .  he says they fear that none of them are capable of defeating president obama .  carville : if santorum wins nomination , gop house , senate candidates will run for cover .  carville : the republicans ' only realistic choice is to unite behind mitt romne .
 mexican lawmaker : jobs , education key to fighting drug war <sec> sen. manlio fabio beltrones says mexico 's current war on drugs is a `` fight of firepower '' .  there could be as many casualties as there were in the vietnam war , he says .  beltrones is a former governor of sonora state , which borders arizon .
 apparently this matters : amputated leg lamp <sec> leo bonten broke his leg in a backyard accident in rotterdam .  his leg eventually had to be amputated due to infection .  bonten tried selling his leg on ebay after turning it into a lam .
 u.s. designates palestinian militant group as terror entity <sec> the group , based in the palestinian territories , is called the army of islam .  it is accused of deadly attacks and abductions of journalists .  palestinian sources have said it was involved in gilad shalit 's abductio .
 6,000 calories a day in the name of golf ? <sec> england 's joe miller gunning to be crowned golf 's world long driving champion .  miller , who was champion in 2010 , has a longest competition drive of 474 yards .  he eats an average 6,000 calories a day to maintain his ferocious hitting powe .
 missing british soldier found dead in afghanistan <sec> british soldier was found dead after going missing from a checkpoint .  isaf members found his body after an `` extensive search '' .  he was found in the nahr-e saraj district of helmand provinc .
 john defterios : uae stock market a work in progress <sec> arabtec and dubai 's stock exchange have been in the spotlight for the past month .  cnn 's john defterios looks at the controversy surrounding the construction firm .  arabtec 's ceo was forced to resign after accumulating 28 % of its stock .  but its chairman tells defterios arabtec is working to improve the transparenc .
 report : russian space rocket breaks apart after launch in kazakhstan <sec> the rocket had veered off path , causing an emergency system to cut off propulsion .  it was carrying a communications satellite into orbit and was about 100 miles high .  it burned up in the atmosphere , but some small fragments could fall to eart .
 ivory coast strolls into afcon final <sec> ivory coast cruises into the african cup of nations final after victory over dr congo .  goals from yaya toure , gervinho and wilfried kanon seals a 3-1 success in bata .  ivory coast will face either ghana or hosts equatorial guinea in sunday 's fina .
 labor board : facebook vent against supervisor not grounds for firing <sec> an emt in connecticut complained about her supervisor on her facebook page .  she was fired , with the company saying it was for her work , not her facebook writings .  the national labor relations board has issued a complaint against the compan .
 arizona police vow probe into bloody arrest of grandfather at walmart <sec> jerald newman , 54 , is out of jail after being arrested at an arizona walmart , his wife says .  a witness says a police officer upended the man , leaving him bloodied on the floor .  newman was later charged with resisting arrest and shoplifting .  a police official says an investigation will be conducted into the officer 's action .
 chicago man accuses feds of racial profiling <sec> puerto rican detained over the weekend on ice orders .  `` this was based on a clear case of racial profiling , '' his defender says .  ice : `` we immediately canceled the detainer '' .  lawyer : `` this is not what america is about .
 danny seo : the green guru <sec> danny seo has been called the 'new martha stewart '' for the green generation .  upbeat and practical advice has been taken by hollywood stars .  'think big ' is his advice as going green can also be a cheaper and better optio .
 rocket from gaza fired into israeli city <sec> it 's the first attack into ashkelon since cease-fire two weeks ago .  coastal city of ashkelon is about 12 miles north of gaza .  israeli defense forces say missile did n't cause any damage or injuries .  palestinians say more than 1,300 died after recent israeli attacks on hama .
 sri lanka see off new zealand to reach world cup final <sec> hosts sri lanka are through to their second successive cricket world cup final .  sri lanka defeat new zealand by five wickets in front of 38,000 fans in colombo .  muttiah muralitharan takes a wicket in his final match on sri lanka soil .  they will now face either pakistan or india in saturday 's final in mumba .
 venezuela : expelled u.s. diplomats have 48 hours to leave <sec> an opposition party says government troops raided its headquarters .  venezuela accuses three u.s. diplomats of infiltrating universities and expels them .  the state department calls venezuela 's conspiracy claims `` baseless and false '' .  the expulsion comes after the u.s. expressed concern over rising tension .
 adopted from china : finding identity through heritage <sec> thousands of girls are adopted out of china each year , ending up in homes around the world .  many of them find identity and purpose in returning to china to visit their roots .  adoptive parents often choose to travel back to china frequently with their adopted children .  many adoptive parents feel it a duty to teach their children about where they came fro .
 iraqi corruption showdown brewing <sec> new : rep. henry waxman demands documents on iraq contractor .  waxman accuses state department of covering up `` an epidemic of corruption '' .  state department says it will provide information if it is kept classified .  ex-iraqi official estimates the total lost to corruption at $ 18 billio .
 anthony trial : 'chloroform ' searched on computer <sec> items including `` head injury '' and `` inhalation '' were also searched , expert says .  no searches for zenaida fernandez-gonzalez were found before july 16 , 2008 .  casey anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter in 2008 .  if convicted , she could face the death penalt .
 reese witherspoon arrested ; husband booked on dui <sec> witherspoon cancels interviews to promote new film monday .  she enters a pre-trial intervention program to avoid prosecution .  the actress apologized for speaking gruffly to a police officer .  `` you 're going to be on national news , '' actress allegedly tells office .
