 hospital : death of indian minister 's wife 'unnatural and sudden ' <sec> initial postmortem for sunanda pushkar is completed , hospital says .  `` we have sent samples for toxicology analysis to rule out poisoning , '' official says .  her death came after reports surfaced of an alleged affair by her husban .
 'underwear bomber ' judge wo n't block genital photo or the word 'bomb ' <sec> new : `` he thought he 'd end up in heaven , '' the prosecutor says of abdulmutallab .  new : a witness testifies that another passenger yelled , `` hey man , your pants are on fire ! '' .  new : abdulmutallab joins attorneys for a sidebar with the judge .  new : abdulmutallab remained calm through the proceeding .
 harare woman : 'if you talk too much ... they hunt you down ' <sec> journalist says he 's seen `` people having their hands chopped off , fingers broken '' .  u.n. says scores killed , thousands beaten in `` campaign of violence '' .  harare woman : zanu-pf `` will mess you up big time '' if you 're pro-opposition .  loaf of bread about 550 million z-dollars , or up to 10 billion z-dollars on black marke .
 i still live with my parents and love it <sec> jillian knowles has a master 's degree , a good job , and she lives with her parents .  with $ 150,000 in student loan debt looming , she moved back home .  three in 10 millennials are part of the `` boomerang generation '' who moved back home .  are you a millennial who moved back home ? .  share your story with cnn irepor .
 timeline : osama bin laden operation <sec> information from detainees started the chain of events that led to the raid .  a trusted osama bin laden courier was a key to locating bin laden .  u.s. officials concluded in february the information on bin laden was `` sound .
 jenni rivera : singer , reality television star dies in plane crash <sec> new : singer jenni rivera was a `` real american success story , '' sen. marco rubio says .  the singer , 43 , who sold millions of records , died in a plane crash sunday .  crews are combing the wreckage site in northern mexico , searching for evidenc .
 family : detained american jeffrey fowle was a tourist in north korea <sec> two other americans have been detained in north korea .  jeffrey fowle is married with three children .  his family says he loves experiencing new cultures .  north korea forbids independent religious activitie .
 dry conditions , winds leave california open to big fires <sec> blaze-starters include cooking fire at drug trafficking camp , bird flying into power line .  calfire spokesman : `` it does n't take much with these dry conditions to start a fire '' .  thousand of firefighters battle blazes in steep terrain across the stat .
 deschamps to succeed gerets at marseille <sec> didier deschamps becomes new manager of marseille at end of the season .  french 1998 world cup winning captain succeeds eric gerets on 2-year deal .  gerets said last week he would not be renewing contract with league leader .
 china 's biggest 'military tiger ' xu caihou confesses to taking bribes <sec> xu was a former vice chairman of the central military commission .  statement : he took advantage of his position to promote others and take bribes .  xu is the most senior military leader to face corruption charges in recent memory .  was one of four senior members to be expelled from the ruling communist part .
 sharpshooter sought in singer 's slaying kills self <sec> sniper-trained husband shot himself as authorities closed in .  david munis was spotted by a ranch hand , who alerted authorities .  a high-powered rifle and a pistol were found near him .  note found in home of singer 's husband `` near-confessional in nature .
 seattle beyond the space needle <sec> big industries transformed seattle into a cutting-edge city and tourist destination .  the view from kerry park is better and cheaper than the space needle .  seattle 's infamous rain is really more of a constant drizzle .  pike place market offers amazingly fresh seafood and produc .
 michael jackson 's legal woes likely to live on <sec> michael jackson investigated and tried for molesting boys , never convicted .  he also had an array of civil disputes , most settled out of court .  child custody , estate could be next court battles .  2005 trial was a media circus , ended in acquitta .
 british army builds mock afghan village in english countryside <sec> british soldiers train in mock afghan village before deployment to afghanistan .  village features afghan asylum-seekers as vendors , elders , afghan forces .  taliban militants are played by nepalese ghurkha soldiers .  village trains soldiers to understand afghan customs , respect afghan cultur .
 what 's allowed by a 'presidential finding ' ? <sec> a `` presidential finding '' allows certain covert activities .  the law is primarily focused on the use of the cia .  findings can be both general and specifi .
 3-d smartphones ditch the glasses <sec> htc and lg are prepping smartphones that can display 3-d without needing glasses .  the two companies are also working on 3-d tablets , but those will require glasses .  nintendo executives say htc and lg will struggle to find 3-d conten .
 apps to download before your next trip <sec> ice keeps doctors ' numbers , medical conditions and insurance information .  istone comes with more than 300 phrases in 12 languages .  pressreader delivers 2,000 newspapers , more than 1,200 of them in english .  localeats culls food choices based on media reviews and diner recommendation .
 dropbox redesign brings photo viewer , better file management <sec> redesigned dropbox has new action bar that lets users sort files .  dropbox supports drag-and-drop , simple multiple file sections and keyboard shortcuts .  photo and video viewer lets you see this content on your entire scree .
 3 top khmer rouge leaders go on trial in cambodia <sec> the three defendants are all in their 80s .  a fourth defendant has been ruled unfit to stand trial for dementia .  they are charged with crimes against humanity .  during the four-year khmer rouge rule , about 1.7 million people die .
 tornado , severe weather cause damage , injuries in mississippi <sec> new : 17 people are injured in storms .  new : 30 percent of yazoo county is still without power .  emergency crews are dispatched to survey the damage .  six people are hospitalized after a storm in attala count .
 legal adviser for americans in haiti facing his own charges <sec> jorge torres puello acting as legal adviser to 10 americans charged with kidnapping .  he faces allegations of human trafficking in el salvador , human smuggling charges in u.s . .  an international arrest warrant was issued saturday for the legal adviser .  torres puello acknowledges he 's wanted by salvadoran authorities , denies the charge .
 beyonce and jay z release star-studded trailer to promote tour <sec> the four-minute `` trailer '' hit the web on saturday .  jay z and beyonce portray an outlaw couple .  there 's an elevator scene in the minimovi .
 high heat , high spirits at coachella <sec> coachella music festival wraps up sunday .  intriguing moments include vegetarian morrissey complaining about grilling .  both paul mccartney and the cure run past curfew ; cure is cut of .
 jeddah economic forum : the facts <sec> the annual jeddah economic forum ( jef ) attracts world business leaders .  the jef was founded to act as the think tank of the middle east .  it has since become a focus for discussing regional economic and social issues .  2008 speakers included : alan greenspan , george soros , muhammad youni .
 4 more cases of hantavirus confirmed among yosemite visitors <sec> six yosemite visitors have been infected ; two have died .  hantavirus pulmonary syndrome is a rare but sometimes fatal lung disease .  hantavirus is n't communicable between people ; symptoms include fever , aches and fatigue .  in the u.s , deer mice , cotton rats , rice rats and white-footed mice carry hantaviru .
 u.s. leaves working families in the lurch <sec> republicans and democrats say that family and hard work are critical .  josh freedman : america 's work-family policies are worse than many countries .  he says the u.s. lacks law on maternity leave , sick leave , vacation days .  freedman : our government need to to implement family-oriented policie .
 saudis move to dispel crown prince health rumours <sec> crown prince recovering after treatment in new york for an undisclosed illness .  crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz al-saud believed to be in his 80s .  has been convalescing at his residence in the moroccan city of agadir .  saudi officials have maintained publicly that sultan 's health has improve .
 24 beauty secrets from hollywood insiders <sec> hollywood beauty insiders give up their trade secrets .  use dryer sheets to tame hair flyaways , beauty expert says .  facialist : `` exfoliating is the most important thing you can do to make skin prettier '' .  silk instead of cotton will help keep the shape of your hair better at nigh .
 *nsync hints at reunion for 'saturday night live ' 40th anniversary special <sec> `` together again ... gee , it 's good to be together again , '' *nsync twitter account says , with hashtag # snl40 .  star-studded three-hour special on sunday will celebrate 40 years of `` saturday night live .
 bomb blast kills four in nigeria <sec> the attack took place in the northern nigerian city of kano .  it was not immediately clear who was behind it .  terrorism in nigeria has been in the spotlight since more than 200 girls were kidnappe .
 rodman , ex-nba players arrive in north korea for basketball game <sec> rodman and several other former nba stars departed beijing for north korea .  rodman tells cnn that the trip 's focus is sport , not politics ; he wo n't discuss kenneth bae .  they are due to play a friendly game against a north korean team on wednesday .  the game takes place on the birthday of north korean leader kim jong u .
 boko haram kidnaps at least 97 , kills 28 in raid <sec> new : boko haram abducted more than 200 girls from a boarding school in april .  the terror group is said to have raided villages in northeast nirgeria .  scores of homes were burned in the raid , according to source .
 gadhafi calls for un to investigate nato attack in surman <sec> new : `` stop this barbaric attack , '' gadhafi pleads .  a libyan opposition leader is in china for talks .  the united nations has described dire needs in war-torn libya .  some u.s. lawmakers want america to withdraw from the nato missio .
 history 's top 5 reasons to cross-dress <sec> cross-dressers have : spied , joined armies , won olympic medals , been royalty .  at least 400 u.s. civil war soldiers were women in drag .  spy disguised himself as woman to seduce attache in french foreign service .  hindu women in jodhpur , india , `` go wild , '' dressing as men once each yea .
 literary giant gabriel garcía márquez hospitalized <sec> gabriel garcía márquez has infections that are being treated by antibiotics .  the 87-year-old author of `` one hundred years of solitude '' also dehydrated .  he was awarded the nobel prize for literature in 1982 .  he was born in colombia , has lived for many years in mexic .
 manchester city extend lead at top of english premier league <sec> english leaders manchester city beat liverpool 3-0 at etihad stadium despite red card .  tuesday 's win puts roberto mancini 's side three points clear of manchester united .  third-placed tottenham keep pace with leaders after a 1-0 home win over wba .  sunderland revival under martin o'neill continues with 4-1 victory at lowly wiga .
 helping victims of nepal earthquakes and mudslides <sec> aid organizations are still working to help the people of nepal in the wake of two major earthquakes .  thousands were killed in a magnitude 7.8 earthquake in nepal on april 25 .  a second quake rocked the country less than three weeks late .
 bush official says gitmo detainee was tortured <sec> retired judge refuses to refer case to prosecutors because of torture assessment .  susan crawford describes techniques as `` overly aggressive and too persistent '' .  military prosecutors accuse mohammed al-qahtani of helping plan 9/11 attacks .  white house , defense department respond to washington post stor .
 the secret disguises of the stasi <sec> book shows stasi images including surveillance techniques , house searches and staged arrests .  stasi was east germany 's notorious secret service , that employed at least 80,000 full-time agents .  images document training that prospective agents underwent , including shadowing a subjec .
 cnn student news - march 27 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 court suspends spain 's most famous judge <sec> new : judge baltasar garzon `` rejects '' sentence , vows to appeal .  rights groups watching 2nd case against judge , involving his probe of franco-era abuses .  garzon had ordered wiretaps of suspects in a financial corruption case .  garzon argues that his wiretap orders were backed by state prosecutor .
 build-it-yourself playground helps kids imagine <sec> david rockwell designed academy awards sets , nobu restaurants and w hotels .  a father of two , the architect found traditional playgrounds uninspiring .  he created imagination playground , where kids use teamwork and creativity to play .  manhattan playground cost more than $ 7 million ; he 's seeking $ 5 million more to sustain i .
 who were the mystery men behind germany 's 'nazi-looted ' art haul ? <sec> more than 1,400 masterpieces , hidden away for over 70 years , found in germany .  collection includes works by picasso , matisse , chagall , as well as so-called 'degenerate art ' .  mystery surrounds the keeper of the paintings , 80-year-old cornelius gurlitt .  gurlitt 's father admitted working for the nazis as an art deale .
 white house pets : hippo , gator and 'satan ' <sec> barack obama promised puppy for girls ; past presidential pets have been strange .  what the heck ? .  first lady abigail adams had a dog named satan .  president harding 's dog gave `` interviews '' and had a seat at cabinet meetings .  original name of fdr 's dog : big boy ; president grant had fighting gamecock .
 arrest in 40-year-old murder case <sec> georgia man is charged with murder in 1974 death of massachusetts woman .  a dna match led to the arrest , officials say .  lonzo guthrie , 69 , is fighting extradition to massachusetts , authorities sa .
 sister act : top doubles pair vinci and errani to meet in dubai <sec> roberta vinci beats no . .  7 seed samantha stosur at dubai championships .  unseeded italian will now play doubles partner and 'sister ' sara errani .  petra kvitova knocks out no . .  3 seed agnieszka radwanska .  juan martin del porto into quarterfinals at open 13 in marseill .
 is recession behind spike in bank robberies ? <sec> bank robberies in new york have risen 54 percent compared with last year .  on monday alone , robbers targeted five banks , some striking in broad daylight .  nypd : not clear whether the bad economic times are fueling the spike .  expert doubts law-abiding citizens are turning to crime to make ends mee .
 super sagan wins stage as impey stays in yellow <sec> peter sagan wins seventh stage of tour de france .  slovakian star wins from john degenkolb and daniele bennati .  south african daryl impey retains yellow jersey .  race hits pyrenees saturda .
 university releases e-mails related to colorado theater shooting suspect <sec> university releases nearly 4,000 e-mails related to james holmes .  cnn affiliate reports doctor decided in june against ordering a three-day mental evaluation .  theater where shootings occurred will reopen in mid-januar .
 police clash with demonstrators in honduran capital <sec> new : `` zelaya remains the president of honduras , '' says president obama .  new : journalists briefly detained , mistreated by honduran soldiers .  new government declares indefinite curfew , shuts down media sources .  politicians call for new government to be isolated diplomatically , politicall .
 call for car-phone ban likely to meet busy signal in states <sec> ntsb has encouraged all states to prohibit drivers from using cell phones .  states will be reluctant to impose a total ban on cell phones behind the wheel , experts say .  experts : seat-belt laws met with resistance , and cell phones ' convenience is `` ingrained '' .  only in alaska has a blanket prohibition been considered , and it went nowher .
 5 things we learned from sebelius obamacare hearing <sec> sebelius would n't name names on who was responsible for website woes .  health and human services secretary says about $ 174 million has been spent on website .  sebelius maintains hhs does n't have enough 'reliable data ' to say how many have enrolled .  definition of website 'crash ' differs between sebelius , republican .
 three die as plane hits california neighborhood <sec> plane crashes into east palo alto , california , neighborhood , fire chief says .  three deaths on the plane ; no one injured on ground , chief says .  plane took off from palo alto airport in foggy conditions before crash , official says .  day care center in one house hit , but no children were there , he say .
 donald sterling : nba officials are 'bullies , ' 'hypocrites , ' 'monsters ' <sec> new : nba commissioner adam silver dismisses donald sterling 's accusation .  new : silver : nba is stepping back amid dispute between donald , shelly sterling .  la clippers co-owner donald sterling says he will no longer support the team 's sale .  donald sterling 's lawyer says no court will believe his client is mentally incapacitate .
 cnn student news - november 10 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 nj cop pleads not guilty to charges from fire at captain 's house <sec> police officer michael dotro is charged with arson , attempted murder .  the fire occurred at the home of a police captain .  both the officer and the captain are with the edison , new jersey , police department .  dotro 's lawyer says his client is `` in shock '' over charges against hi .
 in ghana , what you do defines you in life ... and death <sec> kudjoe affutu has been designing coffins since 2007 .  his creations reflect the professions of the deceased .  his strangest creations include a hen , pregnant lady and sewing machin .
 new york police department disbands unit that spied muslims <sec> nypd started the demographics unit after 9/11 and monitored muslim business , mosques .  the department disbanded the group , saying outreach could yield the same the information .  advocacy groups that filed suit welcomed the decision but remain vigilant about spyin .
 new york , san francisco increase security <sec> new : no additional security at national monuments in washington , park police say .  new york and san francisco officials say they 're beefing up police presence .  city officials emphasize there is no specific threat .  it 's a response to the concerns that shuttered some u.s. diplomatic site .
 work and autism : your questions answered <sec> experts weigh in on how people with autism can find the right career environment .  `` people with autism have unique talents , '' explains dave wellman .  check out the highlights of our q & a below , or read the whole transcript on faceboo .
 the technology bringing sinatra , tupac back to life <sec> inventor builds optical system that can bring performers of the past back to life on stage .  musion eyeliner is based on a victorian-era light projections system called pepper 's ghost .  new system uses an invisible polymer foil to offer a more substantial imag .
 out of the arab spring erupts 'black gold ' <sec> drama `` black gold '' unites stars of hollywood , bollywood and middle eastern film cinema .  the story follows two tribes fighting over a stretch of desert during the 1930s oil boom .  on location , the cast found themselves filming in tunisa at the start of the revolutio .
 delta reviewing video to determine how boy hopped flight to vegas <sec> new : cnn affiliate reports parents are cooperating with authorities .  boy remains in las vegas while authorities work out his status .  delta will watch security video to figure out how child got on board without a ticket .  boy flew thursday from minneapolis , was turned over to child protective service .
 is mexico 's drug war strategy working ? <sec> mexico has used its military to help capture cartel leaders .  violence continues in parts of the country .  voices of opposition to the strategy have been getting louder .  experts say some progress has been mad .
