 lakers ' ron artest set to change his name to metta world peace <sec> `` metta ... means loving , kindness and friendliness , '' his publicist says .  he is scheduled to be at a los angeles court friday morning .  he joins a group of sports stars who have changed their name .
 berlin : where to stay <sec> berlin is one of the cheapest european capitals to stay in .  the city has its fair share of top-of-the-range luxury hotels .  you can find cheaper options that still offer great modern design .  there are a number of themed 'novelty ' hotels that offer a unique sta .
 turbulence injures three flight attendants on flight to miami <sec> three flight attendants were injured in severe turbulence .  the flight from brazil to miami was carrying 167 passengers .  no passengers were injured , the airline sai .
 20 questions : what 's behind ukraine 's political crisis ? <sec> ukraine has been rattled by anti-government protests since november .  the trigger then was the president 's decision not to sign a trade pact with the eu .  ukraine is split : some want to align more with the west , others favor russia .  the opposition has also pushed to shift power away from the presiden .
 suspect arrested in tv anchor 's slaying <sec> new : little rock , arkansas , police chief says he has `` solid case '' against suspect .  curtis lavell vance , 28 , arrested late wednesday in death of tv news anchor .  katv-tv anchor anne pressly was 26 .  she was severely beaten in her home , died days later at hospita .
 sensory heaven in santa fe <sec> northern new mexican cuisine draws many visitors .  santa fe is home to hundreds of art galleries .  adobe architecture and a stunning setting define the cit .
 uncovering the secrets of greenland 's ice <sec> cnn correspondent joins scientists on mission to greenland to understand how the vast ice sheet is changing .  aerial radar missions and ice core drilling data helping build picture of past climate and helps predict future .  melt layers point to extremely warm summers here in the recent years , according to scientists .  `` we are doing an experiment with our planet and we have no idea what the outcome will be , '' says glaciologis .
 prosecutor : chism planned assault at youth facility <sec> suspect `` took several steps '' to evade observers before alleged attack , court documents say .  court documents : female counselor at the youth services facility was choked and beaten .  philip chism , 15 , is awaiting trial on charges he raped and killed a high school algebra teacher .  facility official was warned not to let chism be alone with female staffers , court documents sa .
 australia issues 'catastrophic ' fire warning <sec> warning system put in place to better alert residents after a devastating fire ravaged victoria in february .  during that fire , many residents stayed to defend their property as the fire claimed 170 lives and 2,000 homes .  an intense heat wave -- with temperatures climbing to 104 f ( 40 c ) -- is expected to hit south australia until weeken .
 8 things to know about l.a. 's koreatown <sec> l.a. 's koreatown is home to one of the city 's densest populations .  looking around , it feels like asia , but the area is also 100 % l.a . .  the neighborhood is home to asians , central americans , south americans and more .  koreans are the largest group , but the neighborhood is majority latin .
 court releases warren jeffs audio sex tapes <sec> the tapes were key pieces of evidence in the sexual assault trial of warren jeffs .  jeffs , a polygamist sect leader , was convicted of sexually assaulting a 12 and 15-year-old .  jeffs refers to having sexual relations with him as `` heavenly sessions '' .  'the lord has intended that my ladies , all of my ladies be trained , '' jeffs say .
 guatemalan army stole children for adoption , report says <sec> children stolen for adoption in the u.s. , sweden , italy and france , report says .  some parents were killed , others were unharmed when soldiers came calling .  investigators examined period between 1977 and 1989 , 'peak ' adoption period .  reports says many more could have been taken , investigation underwa .
 u.s. immigrant population flat , census numbers show <sec> bureau official : `` between '07 and '08 there really was n't '' much immigration change .  notable increase in naturalized citizens , census bureau 's elizabeth grieco says .  mexican-born population in u.s. dropped by about 300,000 between 2007 and 200 .
 myspace kicks out 90,000 sex offenders , connecticut ag says <sec> number of sex offenders found on the site `` appalling , '' connecticut ag says .  `` social networking sites remain ripe with sexual predators , '' blumenthal says .  state attorneys general had pressured myspace.com to beef up safety standard .
 tsa removes body scanners criticized as too revealing <sec> backscatter full-body scanners generated controversy .  critics said images were too revealing , others cited potential health concerns .  tsa says it has met june 1 deadline to remove machines from airports .  airport full-body screening will use different technolog .
 prince andrew denies sex abuse claims <sec> prince andrew addresses crowd at davos , backs palace statement .  court documents show attorneys sent a letter asking to interview him under oath .  buckingham palace has strenuously denied claim that he had sex with virginia robert .
 beware drunken e-mailing , facebooking <sec> delete any number that would make your plasma harden if dialed randomly .  gmail has a quick fix for an email gone awry : the undo button .  social sobriety test plugin requires users to pass a test before they can access social service .
 tunisia swears in new president <sec> the presidency is more of a ceremonial role .  marzouki is the founder of a center-left party .  the new president had lived in exile .  the arab spring started in tunisi .
 va clinic employee on leave after e-mail about appointments <sec> new : whistleblower tells cnn the e-mail outlined ways to manipulate the system .  va chief acts after e-mail discussed `` gaming '' appointments .  house committee chief criticizes va for handling of scandal .  cnn exclusively reported veterans dying while on wait list in phoenix , arizon .
 al qaeda tells china 's uyghurs to prepare for holy war <sec> uyghurs are muslims in western china 's xinjiang province .  abu yahia al-libi 's comments a reaction to recent violence in xinjiang 's capital .  tension between uyghurs and majority han chinese erupted into riots in july .  al-libi considered one of al qaeda 's top strategists and most vocal leader .
 jeb bush : is he romney 2.0 ? ( opinion ) <sec> crystal wright : jeb bush emerging as gop 's 2016 frontrunner .  previous bush playbooks wo n't work this time , she say .
 verizon users outpace iphone owners in data usage <sec> at & t iphone users consume 25 percent less data than verizon wireless customers .  iphone users were typically viewed as the heaviest data users in the mobile market .  verizon 's network has n't yet faced any major hiccups due to the onslaught of new traffi .
 49ers ' ray mcdonald faces domestic violence charge <sec> `` the truth will come out , '' ray mcdonald tells cnn affiliate ktvu .  the 49ers ' defensive lineman was arrested on domestic violence charges .  the team says it is taking the matter seriously .  nfl increased standard punishments for domestic violence on thursda .
 avoid the afternoon stress-eating binge <sec> experts : stick to more complex carbohydrates because they digest more slowly .  crunchy raw veggies like baby carrots , celery and radishes reduce stress , dietitians say .  foods high in omega-3 fatty acids help control surges in stress hormones , they sa .
 are dealer extras worth the money ? <sec> gm owners wo n't need lojack because cars come with onstar option .  smokers considering fabric protection should check for policy exclusions .  but generally , as long as you keep your car washed you do n't need sealant .  some warranties offer transferable policies that let you `` sell '' it with ca .
 spanish soldier arrested over 'jihad ' videos <sec> spanish soldier , russian girlfriend held for allegedly promoting islamic extremism .  suspects , 23 , were arrested in southern spanish city of granada .  videos posted on web allegedly aimed to inspire extremist attack .
 the eighth wonder of the world ? 'step into the void ' <sec> `` step into the void '' is a glass room built around a metal frame in mountains .  structure installed at aiguille du midi peak above chamonix in french alps .  it can withstand winds of more than 220 kph .  visitors can take a 20-minute ride to the top in a cable ca .
 will your internet data still be there in 100 years ? <sec> services such as evernote allow users to archive images , documents and other data .  evernote hopes to be around a century from now , even if social media sites are not .  ceo phil libin spoke about his company 's sharp growth at tech conference leweb londo .
 instagram celebrity grandma betty dies of lung cancer <sec> betty jo simpson , 80 , of jeffersonville , indiana , dies from lung cancer .  over the past eight months , she became an instagram celebrity known as grandma betty .  her great-grandson documented simpson 's last months to share her inspirational story .  grandma betty preached a message of lov .
 pussy riot members attacked in russian city while eating at mcdonald 's <sec> unidentified men throw trash and squirt paint in the women 's faces at a mcdonald 's .  they shout obscenities and tell the women to leave and go to america .  the dissident band members say they wanted to help local prisoners .  the two pussy riot members were released from prison in decembe .
 dead rodents , excrement in peanut processor lead to recall <sec> texas orders recall of products shipped from peanut corporation of america plant .  order applies to all products shipped since plant opened nearly four years ago .  order comes day after dead rodents , rodent excrement , bird feathers found in plant .  plant officials voluntarily stopped operations monday nigh .
 algae bloom kills record number of manatees <sec> 174 manatees have died since january .  `` florida red tide '' is concentrated along southwest florida .  it is a recurring phenomenon in the gulf of mexico .  12 manatees have been rescue .
 gop chair : reid should step down following race remark <sec> new : congressional black caucus rejects calls for reid to step down .  michael steele calls for reid to step down , accuses dems of `` double standard '' .  gop chair says senate majority leader 's language `` harkens back to the 1950s and '60s '' .  new book quotes reid discussing `` light-skinned '' obama 's lack of `` negro dialect .
 jewish children in australia say they were threatened <sec> youths yelled `` kill the jews , '' and threatened to cut throats of children , students say .  the school bus was carrying children aged 5 to 12 home from jewish schools .  terrified students on the bus called their parents , parents called police .  the youths fled before police arrived , but five arrests were made thursda .
 sweet controversy at michael jackson death trial <sec> jackson 's lawyer objects that aeg gave peppermint candy to jurors .  candy controversy might seem trivial , but stakes are high for aeg live .  aeg live 's president told reporters about dr. murray : `` we hired him '' .  jacksons accuse the promoter of negligently hiring the doctor convicted in jackson 's deat .
 selling divorce while planning a wedding <sec> while promoting her memoir on divorce , sascha rothchild gets marriage proposal .  no proposal , no wedding dress , but a comedian conducted first wedding .  second wedding is being planned seriously , vows to include `` love '' and `` forever .
 drogba helps ivory coast qualify <sec> striker didier drogba scored as ivory coast drew 1-1 with malawi in blantyre .  the result ensured ivory cost qualified for the 2010 world cup in south africa .  egypt kept alive their qualification hopes with a 1-0 win over zambia in konkola .  cameroon moved a step closer to qualification after their 3-0 win over tog .
 police : teen 's texts encouraged friend 's suicide <sec> conrad roy , 18 , was found dead of apparent carbon monoxide poisoning , police said .  police : a search of his phone found texts from a friend urging him to commit suicid .
 davis cup : murray ends u.s. hopes on day of epic battles <sec> leonardo mayer beats joao souza in longest davis cup singles match .  argentine wins in six hours 43 minutes -- third-longest in tennis history .  britain beats u.s. in first round , with andy murray defeating john isner .  france , australia , kazakhstan , belgium , serbia also reach quarterfinal .
 ntsb blames 2013 787 battery fire on oversight issues <sec> investigation ends into 2013 lithium-ion battery fire on boeing 787 dreamliner .  ntsb report blames short circuit and allegedly unsatisfactory faa/boeing oversight .  faa , boeing and battery maker are confident the problems have been fixed .  boeing and airbus considering using lithium-ion batteries on future airliner .
 survivalist senators saving democracy <sec> sen. jeff flake and sen. martin heinrich spent a week on a deserted island .  it was a survivalist adventure in the marshall islands .  the discovery channel filmed them for a special .  flake is a republican , and heinrich is a democra .
 fort hood , a home for thousands <sec> general says ongoing wars have put stress on troops and their families .  fort hood is largest u.s. military installation in the world by size .  on any given day , there can be at least 25,000 to 30,000 people .  it is also a transition point for troops returning to civilian lif .
 as clashes intensify in egypt , group says 'resist military ' <sec> new : 2 people are killed , 750 injured , the health ministry says .  clashes reportedly break out in suez and alexandria .  the cabinet holds an emergency meeting .  egyptian elections start november 2 .
 photographers , embrace instagram <sec> richard hernandez : smartphones have ushered in a golden age for photography .  he says that one can be creative in many ways , including the use of nostalgic filters .  hernandez : but some professionals see it as the end of skill and craft in photography .  he says photo apps wo n't magically turn people into richard avedo .
 nadal and murray progress at queen 's <sec> rafael nadal beats matthew ebden 6-4 6-4 to reach the third round at queen 's .  the spaniard admitted to feeling tired just three days after his french open victory .  andy murray drops a set beating belgium 's xavier malisse 6-3 5-7 6-3 .  juan martin del potro beats russian igor kunitsyn 6-4 6- .
 sandy-weary long islanders can wait to pay power bills , utility says <sec> new : utility says customers can delay paying power bills until the next meter-reading cycle .  long island power authority customers are getting typical monthly bills .  but many were without electricity for days or weeks after superstorm sandy .  the utility says it had to resort to basing bills on estimates because of the stor .
 weird weather : temperature extremes coast to coast <sec> storm damage reported in western kentucky .  freeze warnings in california and arizona .  the cold front is moving east .  effort to warm cold cats backfires in tucso .
 marathoner did n't breathe for a month <sec> victor carlos got the flu , then an acute bacterial infection , then an illness that attacked his lungs .  when he checked into the hospital , his blood oxygen level was at 57 % .  doctors started a procedure known as ecmo that gave carlos ' lungs time to heal .  carlos took his first breath four weeks later and is now training for a maratho .
 bathing suit tricks for the beach <sec> find a swimsuit that downplays what you do n't love and highlights what you do . .  small bust : underwires , boning and padding add shape and fullness to your chest .  a plunging halter top draws the eye up and away from any belly bulge .  leave boy shorts at the store - -they make the derrière and thighs look bigge .
 u.s. defense chief puts success before timing in mosul <sec> u.s. secretary of state john kerry says iraqi military is making gains against isis .  defense secretary ash carter says what matters in mosul is success , not a timetable .  video released by isis shows u.s.-made weaponry seized from iraqi military outpos .
 in iowa , dreamers confront clinton <sec> hillary clinton was confronted by dreamers in iowa about obama 's immigration delay .  they were n't happy with her response .  the dreamers promised to keep the pressure on democrats and republican .
 queenstown , new zealand : adventure , beauty , muttonbirds <sec> queenstown has an international resort vibe with natural beauty .  the remarkables mountains deserve their name .  gold mining heritage and lakes add to regional mix .  adventurous cuisine -- muttonbird , anyone ? .  -- and arthouse cinema are further find .
 quiz india 's mother of invention <sec> india 's richest woman kiran mazumdar-shaw is founder and ceo of biocon .  email her your questions on business and secrets of her success .  her answers will appear here on friday , november 2 .
 i went through hell to play 'soloist , ' says foxx <sec> jamie foxx plays mentally ill homeless man in `` the soloist '' .  foxx was frightened by experience : he had `` childhood fear of going crazy '' .  when he was 18 , someone slipped him `` something '' and foxx ended up in hospita .
 lower costs lure u.s. patients abroad for treatment <sec> study : more than 6 million from u.s. will travel abroad for treatment in the next year .  companies creating a niche in the service industry as medical travel planners .  hospitals market upscale accommodations , western-trained surgeon .
 promises , but still no help , for those caring for wounded vets <sec> a sniper 's bullet in iraq left staff sgt . .  matthew keil paralyzed .  his wife , tracy , works around the clock to care for him .  they are waiting for a law that will provide money and training for wounded vets ' caregivers .  until the law takes effect , tracy says `` it 's like i 'm working for the va for free .
 archbishop : mistakes made in priest sex abuse case <sec> archbishop apologizes for archdiocese 's handling of abusive priest , defends vatican .  lawrence murphy is accused of molesting as many as 200 boys .  vatican says it did not know about abuse until decades late .
 arrests highlight education busing issues <sec> activists arrested protesting new education policy in north carolina .  wake county school board recently voted to end busing .  busing had been used to promote diversity in north carolina schools .  the newly elected school board is in favor of community-based school .
 'honeymoon murder ' suspect extradited to south africa <sec> murder suspect shrien dewani extradited from uk to face trial in south africa .  dewani has resisted extradition for the past three years on the grounds of mental health .  he is accused of orchestrating his new wife 's death in cape town in november 2010 .  until he stands trial , dewani will likely be held in a notorious secure psychiatric facility in the cit .
 dr. sanjay gupta : 5 surprises from sebelius interview <sec> sebelius said they pressed on with rollout because they did n't want to delay access to health care .  fact that president obama was n't being kept informed on biggest domestic program was a surprise .  `` a-team '' being called in now amid rollout debacle instead of involved much earlier .  sebelius says individual mandate will not be delayed despite website issue .
 luca di montezemolo : 'alonso and raikkonen will be equal at ferrari ' <sec> ferrari chairman luca di montezemolo says there will be no no . .  1 driver at ferrari .  fernando alonso and kimi raikkonen will be ferrari 's driver partnership in 2014 .  di montezemolo awarded alonso a `` good eight out of 10 '' rating for the 2013 season .  this season comes to an end with the brazilian grand prix this weeken .
 superyachts show off their best sides in drone movies <sec> antigua-based filmmaker shoots video profiles of superyachts using drones .  custom-built drones costing between $ 3,500 and $ 35,000 are used for the job .  sailing organizations hope drones can help to make the sport tv-friendl .
 opinion : russian incursion may be opportunity for u.s. mariners <sec> rep. john garamendi argues that europe may look beyond russia for natural gas .  that , he says , creates an opening for increased exports of u.s. liquefied natural gas .  it also increases the need for u.s.-flagged transport ships , he writes .  but the u.s. shipbuilding industry has withered as japan and south korea have thrive .
 turkish cypriot leader denktas dies <sec> new : u.n. leader laments death .  turkish cypriot leader rauf denktas dies after a long illness .  he was a president of the self-declared republic , recognized only by turke .
