 walmart apologizes for 'fat girl ' costumes <sec> the site featured a halloween category , titled 'fat girl costumes ' .  after twitter users complained , the section was taken dow .
 justices divided over 'toxic love ' case involving states ' rights <sec> carol anne bond is challenging her conviction on a federal chemical weapon charge .  she used poisons to try to get back at a woman who had an affair with bond 's husband .  she received a measure of support from the supreme court during oral arguments tuesday .  the case touches on the conflict between federal and state powers in the 10th amendmen .
 rights groups : palestinian refugees starving to death in syrian camp <sec> the yarmouk palestinian refugee camp is just 6 miles from central damascus .  at least 44 people have died from a lack of food and medical supplies there , activists say .  civil war fighting has cut off aid to the camp since november .  palestinian refugee status makes travel very difficult for camp resident .
 obama has turned off voters ( opinion ) <sec> obama administration marked by radicalism , incompetence : newt gingrich .  polls suggest younger voters are likely to break republican , he says .  republicans will gain six to 10 senate seats in tuesday 's midterms , he say .
 cnn student news - february 17 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 salmonella outbreak linked to alfalfa sprouts <sec> cdc says 89 people have been sickened .  sandwich chain part of investigation .  jimmy john 's says sprouts tested negative .  still , illinois stores pull sprouts from men .
 opinion : time to repeal second amendment ? <sec> cnn opinion podcast features `` big three '' issues , three commentators .  dean obeidallah : get rid of the label `` gun control '' laws ; they are really `` human safety '' laws .  margaret hoover defended margaret thatcher from views that she favored the rich .  john avlon : it 's almost impossible to talk about race in america without being attacke .
 father of alleged libyan rape victim says she is in qatar <sec> eman al-obeidy accused libyan security forces of rape in march .  she crossed into tunisia on thursday , she tells cnn .  she is hoping for protection from a western government .  her father says she is now in qatar , declining to provide more detai .
 would you ski in north korea ? <sec> north korea is building what it calls a `` world-class '' ski resort .  kim jong un `` greatly pleased '' with construction progress .  resort will be open to foreign tourists , says north korea tour compan .
 dennis rodman is north korean leader 's 'friend for life ' <sec> rodman and kim jong un sit together at a basketball game .  `` many kind words were spoken and invitations offered , '' vice magazine says .  north korea 's supreme leader is a big basketball fan .  rodman 's trip to north korea is for a tv documentar .
 'she could have been me ' : action urged after delhi gang rape case <sec> ireporters and commenters expressed outrage at delhi gang rape case .  calls for changes not just in the law but in indian culture and attitudes towards rape .  some have organized vigils in their own nations to honor victi .
 play-doh will exchange phallic-shaped toy <sec> hasbro received complaints from parents about extruder .  the toy is part of a play-doh cake-making kit .  some have said it 's no big dea .
 police identify 8 people killed in georgia <sec> new : warrant claims caller took shotgun from house .  investigators release names of eight people found dead in mobile home .  ninth person hospitalized in critical condition , police say .  glynn county , georgia , police have been tight-lipped about cas .
 chinese driver gets more than 3 years in prison for running over 2-year-old <sec> the girl was run over by two vehicles in october and left in the street .  one of the drivers is convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to prison .  the case provoked outrage and soul-searching in china .  some microblog users say the sentence is too lenien .
 wild oats xi leads after rival wild thing prevented from starting sydney-hobart <sec> five-time line honors winner wild oats xi leads rolex sydney-hobart .  wild oats hoping to set race record for 628-mile bluewater classic .  long-time rival wild thing disqualified before start .  officials unhappy with modifications to the super-max .
 fancy hosting the olympics ? <sec> international olympic committee reveals new plans .  new incentives for countries hoping to bid for games .  non-discrimination on sexual orientation to be included in charter .  ioc to vote on new reforms on december 8 and .
 elizabeth smart abductor sentenced to life in prison <sec> new : smart says she is `` thrilled '' and pledges to dedicate her life to advocacy .  `` today is the ending of a very long chapter , '' she tells reporters .  prosecutors say the sentence is just .  a jury found brian david mitchell guilty in decembe .
 opinion : did we learn nothing from newtown ? <sec> richard davis : many thought massacre of 20 children , six adults would change gun debate .  he says we 're seeing a predictable pattern in which gun lobby blocks popular legislation .  supreme court decision on second amendment allows reasonable gun regulation , he says .  davis : congress must create system of universal background checks for gun purchaser .
 opinion : gun law packs dangers , police chief says <sec> georgia gov . .  nathan deal signed safe carry protection act .  warren summers says police ca n't ask suspicious person with gun to show permit .  convicted felons ca n't have firearms , he says , unless they claim self-defense .  summers : the law will cost taxpayers and make it hard for police to keep people saf .
 u.s. : china claim over disputed islands 'creates risk of incident ' <sec> china releases a map and coordinates that identify its `` air defense identification zone '' .  the zone includes disputed islands -- known as senkaku by japan and diaoyu by china .  china began air patrols over the zone on saturday .  defense secretary chuck hagel called the move is an attempt to destabilize the status quo in the regio .
 number of rare fungal meningitis cases leaps to 91 <sec> tennessee has most reported cases with 32 people , three of whom have died .  fungal meningitis is extremely rare , usually not mild .  pharmaceutical maker has recalled all of its products .  cdc has compiled list of facilities that received contaminated injection .
 georgia da asks to drop murder charges against sneiderman <sec> malice murder , felony murder and aggravated assault charges are dropped .  andrea sneiderman was accused of plotting to have her husband killed .  she still faces other charges , including perjury and lying to law enforcement .  jury selection in her trial is set for next wee .
 supreme court to hear frequent-flier complaint <sec> minnesota rabbi was a frequent flier on northwest airlines .  carrier said he logged too many complaints and dropped his loyalty account .  court to hear jurisdictional issue stemming from law that deregulated airline .
 dozens missing after ferry capsizes in bangladesh <sec> new : survivor says , `` six of my family members are still missing '' .  new : at least 250 people were on board when boat collided with another ferry , police say .  new : more than 60 people remain unaccounted for , an official says .  ferry accidents are common in banglades .
 why tech giants owe huge thanks to the uk <sec> technologies we take for granted such as twitter and facebook are still young .  they 've transformed the way we operate , but social platforms can end up as `` has-beens '' .  british minds are behind some of the most vital innovations in tech 's brave new world .  however , they are complex and we do n't celebrate our success like the americans d .
 mexican prosecutor : revenge was motive in 'heaven ' bar kidnapping <sec> new : one victim 's mother accuses authorities of staging arrests .  mexico city 's prosecutor says 12 kidnapped teens were killed .  the motive was revenge , mexico city 's prosecutor tells reporters .  the teens ' kidnapping in broad daylight has jolted mexico 's capita .
 performers , presenters named for rock and roll hall of fame induction <sec> the rock and roll hall of fame museum announces initial list of performers and presenters .  john mayer , gary clark jr. , christina aguilera and jennifer hudson are among them .  heart , randy newman , rush and albert king are among the 2013 inductees .  the induction ceremony will take place april 18 in los angele .
 epa : greenhouse gases a public health threat <sec> new : `` overwhelming '' scientific evidence shows greenhouse gas threat is real , epa says .  epa announcement results from supreme court ruling .  right after announcement , epa head to leave for copenhagen climate conference .  white house says announcement does n't mean immediate regulation .
 madrid train bomb plotter jailed for 20 years <sec> abdelilah hriz arrested in morocco last january on a spanish warrant .  dna tests indicated he had been at a madrid house where bombs were made .  hriz convicted in morocca in a case built on evidence from spanish police .  2004 madrid bombings killed 191 people and wounded more than 1,80 .
 militants at large since arab spring complicate anti-terrorism efforts <sec> untold numbers of islamist jihadists escaped prison during egypt 's revolution .  one of them , muhammad jamal abu ahmad , is suspected in the benghazi attack .  hosni mubarak 's fall impaired egypt 's ability to track at-large militants .  muslim brotherhood government has granted pardons to dozens more jihadist .
 death row inmate executed using pentobarbital in lethal injection <sec> new : john david duty pronounced dead at 6:18 p.m. ct .  pentobartibal is used to euthanize animals .  sodium thiopental , usually used for executions , is in short suppl .
 how to dissect a body on your iphone <sec> `` anatomy lab '' iphone app allows users to dissect a virtual cadaver .  researchers say app is aimed at medical and anatomy students .  the app has so far sold more than 3,000 copies , and is a hit with doctors to .
 2 w. virginia coal miners killed <sec> new : the root cause of the accident is not clear .  new : miners are identified as eric d. legg , 48 , and gary p. hensley , 46 .  the brody no . .  1 mine was cited for safety violations in the pas .
 north korea warns it will meet war with 'all-out war ' <sec> south korean anti-submarine exercise prompts angry response .  north `` will react to confrontation with confrontation , '' news agency says .  north korea calls south korean leaders a `` group of traitors '' .  response comes amid high tensions , after seoul blamed pyongyang for sinking warshi .
 thousands evacuated as wildfire threatens spanish coast <sec> thousands of people are evacuated in the marbella area of the costa del sol .  the forest fire broke out thursday to the north of the resort town .  a charred body has been found and two people have been injured , authorities sa .
 protesters attack u.s. diplomatic compounds in egypt , libya <sec> four u.s. personnel , including ambassador , are killed in libya , the u.s. says .  angry protesters attack u.s. diplomatic compounds in egypt and libya .  obama says the u.s. is working to protect its citizens worldwid .
 general disciplined over handling of sex assault claims <sec> army maj. gen. michael harrison is a former commander of u.s. forces in japan .  he was disciplined over his handling of sex assault allegations in his command .  the military has seen an increase in the number of sex assault reports within its ranks .  he has been retired from the army at a lower rank , the army sai .
 attorney general holder pledges to protect the right to vote - cnnpolitics.com <sec> attorney general eric holder addresses the annual conference of la raza .  the `` struggle to overcome injustice and eliminate disparities ( is ) far from over , '' he says .  holder is scheduled to deliver remarks at next week 's naacp annual conventio .
 5 florida men get prison for plotting terrorist attacks with al qaeda <sec> trial was the third for defendants , homeless men initially known as `` liberty city 7 '' .  seven suspects were arrested in june 2006 ; five were convicted in may .  suspected ringleader , narseal batiste , 35 , was sentenced to 13½ year .
 'no permission ' android apps can see and share your data <sec> `` no-permission '' android apps can access potentially sensitive data on your phone .  the bigger problem is n't malicious exploitation , but rather that app developers are `` sloppy '' .  do n't install apps that require too many permissions , and report any suspicious activit .
 jill kelley , caught in crossfire of petraeus scandal <sec> howard kurtz : jill kelley spoke out for the first time about the petraeus scandal .  kelley , cast as the `` other other woman , '' felt badly burned by the media , he says .  kurtz says there was no evidence that kelley had an affair with anyone .  kurtz : jill kelley , sucked into vortex of scandal , deserves to tell her stor .
 snowden 's global 'cat and mouse ' chase leaves media stuck in transit <sec> cnn 's john defterios and amir daftari have spent hours in the transit zone of moscow 's airport .  edward snowden is reportedly in the airport , according to russian president vladimir putin .  moscow 's view is that snowden has not cleared passport control , therefore not in russia .  it 's a global game of cat and mouse -- and cnn ends up in its own version of the gam .
 tehran professors decry handling of protesters <sec> nearly 90 tehran professors sign letter to supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei .  letter criticizes government 's violent handling of student protesters .  letter seeks apologies for beatings of university members and release of students , faculty .  anti-government demonstrations began following the disputed june 12 presidential vot .
 golfer : i thought i was going to die <sec> u.s. golfer charlie beljan taken to hospital after almost passing out on the course .  despite suffering elevated blood pressure , beljan was leading the tournament .  he is battling to keep his pga tour rights after a difficult first season .  arizona native plays in saturday 's third round against medical advice , retains lea .
 obama will name ron klain as ebola czar <sec> president obama will name ron klain as `` ebola czar '' .  the president had opposed the creation of such a position .  klain works for an investment group , but has worked for vice president joe bide .
 police : man confesses in new york city firebomb attacks <sec> new : the suspect is taken to a hospital in queens after demonstrating irrational behavior .  new : ray lazier lengend has confessed to the attacks , police say .  new : among other charges , he faces one count of arson as a hate crim .
 report condemns israel 's phosphorus shell use in gaza <sec> israel 's use of phosphorus shells over during gaza offensive `` indiscriminate '' .  human rights watch says shelling `` evidence of war crimes '' .  group says phosphorus shells cause an `` intense and persistent burn .
 cheating in sport : what are banned substances ? <sec> australian crime commission finds evidence of `` widespread use '' of doping in sports .  acc : clear parallels with the u.s. anti-doping agency investigation into lance armstrong .  identifies new generation of performance and image enhancing drugs ( pieds ) .  some substances perceived as undetectable , making them attractive in spor .
 afghan cricketers defy odds , and taliban , to realize world cup dream <sec> afghanistan triumphed over kenya to win the right to play at the 2015 world cup .  far cry from 1979 when afghan exiles played in camps in pakistan during soviet invasion .  cricket and sport was banned during taliban rule in afghanistan ( 1996-2001 .
 a boehner bypass ? house conservatives have their own midterm message <sec> rep. steve scalise of louisiana : `` we really have n't shown what we 're for '' .  he is behind a major jobs and economic proposal .  some influential conservatives question the midterm strategy of speaker john boehner .  rep. trey gowdy of south carolina says the election will turn on obamacar .
 alabama 's ingram wins heisman trophy <sec> mark ingram becomes the first university of alabama player to win heisman .  stanford 's toby gerhart is second in closest voting of award 's 75-year history .  florida 's tim tebow was seeking to become second player to win trophy twice .  ingram 's crimson tide will play texas for the national championship in januar .
 key moments in whitney houston 's life -- and last days <sec> pop superstar whitney houston 's funeral is held saturday .  houston set numerous records during her musical and film career .  singer died at age 48 after being found unconscious in a hotel room bathtu .
 q & a ; : trouble at olympus <sec> new : seven men arrested in connection with $ 1.7 billion olympus corp fraud .  ex-chairman tsuyoshi kikukawa and two other former executives detained .  company executives hid $ 1.7 billion in losses in bad investments from the 1990s .  ex-ceo michael woodford was fired in october when he questioned shady transaction .
 u.s. says it sent b-2 stealth bombers over south korea <sec> the planes flew to south korea and back in one mission , the u.s. says .  it says the flights show its ability `` to conduct precision strikes quickly '' .  u.s. and south korean defense chiefs spoke by phone wednesday evening .  a previous announcement about b-52 flights over south korea angered the nort .
 grand jury indicts 35 in georgia school cheating scandal <sec> former superintendent beverly hall 'was a full participant , ' the district attorney says .  hall is among 35 indicted on racketeering and conspiracy charges .  hall has denied any involvement in cheating .  indictment alleges cheating on standardized testing at atlanta public schools dates to 200 .
 stricker claims third-straight john deere classic win <sec> steve stricker finished on 22-under to win the john deere classic by one stroke .  stricker has now won the tournament for the last three years in a row .  rookie kyle stanley was second , with matt mcquillian and zach johnson tied for thir .
 alex rodriguez lashes out against mlb commissioner <sec> new : mlb official : he used performance-enhancing drugs longer `` than any other player '' .  `` i am deeply troubled by my team 's investigate findings , '' rodriguez says .  mlb 's chief operating officer has denied any improper conduct .  rodriguez is appealing a suspension for alleged use of performance-enhancing drug .
 23-man squads for euro 2008 finals <sec> group a : switzerland , czech republic , portugal , turkey .  group b : austria , croatia , germany , poland .  group c : netherlands , italy , romania , france .  group d : greece , sweden , spain , russi .
 contractor plane crashes near navy air base ; one dead <sec> a hunter hawker aircraft goes down near naval base ventura county in california .  it 's operated by airborne tactical advantage company , which flies in military exercises .  it 's not known whether pilot ejected or whether the chute was part of the debris fiel .
 dangerous weather may disrupt christmas travel <sec> a tornado is sighted friday night in mississippi .  rain , flooding , snow , ice and warm weather to usher in winter this weekend .  the biggest concerns : thunderstorms in the south and icing in the northeast .  the weather comes as about 94.5 million americans prepare to travel for christma .
 why congress wo n't stop hurting you <sec> congress is threatening the third potential government shutdown this year .  the political turmoil may be contributing to the country 's economic problems .  congressmen believe they may benefit from the repeated showdowns , analysts say .  congressmen feel less guilt when they act as part of a group , one analyst argue .
 opinion : is end near for redskins ? it 's about time <sec> simon moya-smith wonders if the latest trademark ruling could be the beginning of the end .  but a similar 1999 ruling was overturned on appeal .  without trademark protection , he says redskins t-shirts and schwag could be freely sold .  moya-smith : owners and some fans continue to fight for the privilege to use the racial slu .
 troops willing to die to stop iran unrest , general says <sec> iranian general : soldiers refuse to back down amid protests .  protests stem from june 's disputed presidential election .  tehran police chief recently announced creation of constable-like forc .
 suspended dolphin richie incognito says he 's 'weathering the storm ' <sec> suspended lineman richie incognito says this storm will pass .  teammate who alleged misconduct after leaving dolphins will be paid this week .  nfl is investigating whether there was hazing or bullying .  coach says he was never told about any possible misconduc .
