 iggy azalea responds to nicki minaj feud rumors <sec> iggy azalea has broken her silence on supposed feud with nicki minaj .  the rapper wants everyone to `` let it go '' .  minaj has also downplayed any tensio .
 more charges , victims possible in penn state sex abuse case <sec> new : penn state 's president postpones a major fund-raising dinner due to the scandal .  two university officials charged with failing to report suspected abuse released on bail .  sandusky , out on bail , maintains he is innocent .  the alleged assaults on eight boys occurred between 1994 and 200 .
 manchester united signs new asian sponsor <sec> manchester united signs ldeal with thai telecommunications group true corporation .  club says round 70 million people in thailand watched games last season .  new manager david moyes officially started work monday .  moyes has brought in his assistants from old club everto .
 radiohead 's thom yorke pulls music from spotify <sec> radiohead 's thom yorke disagrees with spotify 's musician compensation .  his producer and collaborator , nigel godrich , said their music has been pulled from the service .  spotify responded that they 're still in the early stages of a long-term projec .
 family copes as three brothers fight in afghanistan <sec> it 's unusual : three brothers serve in same georgia national guard company .  another three brothers from washington state also serve in afghan war .  two mothers open up about the stress of having three sons in harm 's way .  nevada army national guard unit has nine sets of brothers serving in afghanista .
 t-shirt tales : the athlete i used to be <sec> douglas mogle is training for the nautica malibu triathlon with cnn fit nation .  an old baseball t-shirt reminds mogle that he has an inner athlete waiting to appear .  what 's in your drawer ? .  share a favorite t-shirt on instagram using hashtag # tshirttale .
 superheroes rise in tough times <sec> superman , batman , others born during great depression , early world war ii years .  new exhibit shows `` golden age '' of superhero characters .  artist jerry robinson , who created the joker : `` we 're looking for heroes .
 carney : why obama does n't give more speeches <sec> former white house spokesman jay carney joins cnn as a political analyst .  cnn 's peter hamby interviews carney before president obama 's speech on isis .  carney gives a behind-the-scenes look at speech writing in the white house .  carney weighs in on the `` dumbest '' news cycl .
 roger federer recruits stefan edberg to revive his fortunes <sec> stefan edberg joins roger federer 's coaching team .  will start work at 2014 australian open .  follows trend of star players recruiting former legends .  novak djokovic to face david ferrer in abu dhabi fina .
 virginia woman charged in connection to isis recruitment <sec> heather coffman , of henrico county , is charged with lying to federal agents .  coffman caught the attention of the fbi through her facebook activity .  they say she posted positively about isis , later met with agents to recruit for isi .
 shinzo abe 2.0 : japan 's economic hope ? <sec> some investors believe second coming of shinzo abe will be good for japan equity markets .  collett : 'investors pricing in monetary easing ' after abe 's support for such measures .  abe expected to push back harder against china than his predecessors .  collett : abe may want to destabilize yen to remove its popularity as safe have .
 deaths increase in israel-hamas conflict <sec> new : israel defense forces warn if militants attack during truce , it will respond .  israel and hamas agree to 12-hour humanitarian cease-fire .  at least four people are dead as new protests , violence , break out in the west bank .  the israeli military confirms the death of a soldier that hamas claimed to have capture .
 ballet : why fall in love with the dance ? ( opinion ) <sec> isabella boylston is a principal dancer at the american ballet theatre in new york city .  cnn spoke with boylston about what it 's like to dance and why we should care about ballet .  some in the dance community ask what is the place of ballet in a fast-paced , high-tech society .  new york university is opening center for ballet and the arts to explore questions about balle .
 michael jackson 's mom wants doctor to get maximum time <sec> katherine jackson 's thoughts on dr. conrad murray are in a report prepared for the judge .  murray 's `` compassion and his soft heartedness '' led to his troubles , the doctor 's mother says .  murray could get anything from probation to four years in prison tuesda .
 queen lights up diamond studded portrait <sec> british luxury retailer asprey was founded in 1781by william asprey .  the company has nine stores worldwide , its flagship store is on new bond street in london .  in 1862 asprey recieved its first royal warrant from queen victori .
 forget 'game of thrones ' -- 'elder scrolls ' is the true fantasy hit <sec> `` elder scrolls , '' the fantasy gaming series , rivals books , movies in popularity .  one game sold nearly as many copies as all five novels `` game of thrones '' comes from .  fans have named children , planned a wedding based on the game .  `` elder scrolls '' celebrates its 20th anniversary this yea .
 the gop has a muslim problem <sec> dean obeidallah : leaders of many faiths to speak at rnc , except , glaringly , an imam .  some republicans spread hate against muslims and immigrants for political gain , he says .  obeidallah : this fear-mongering creates an environment that inspires violence .  he says rnc chairman reince priebus should ask a muslim-american imam to spea .
 gsa chief gone , but fallout continues in wake of lavish convention expense <sec> new : acting gsa head promises immediate action to maintain `` faith in our services '' .  gsa head martha johnson resigned monday over agency spending .  a government report cited gsa 's spending $ 822,000 on a training conference .  a house panel plans hearings ; its chairman says , `` this is just the tip of the iceberg .
 opening statements set for rutgers student accused in cyber-bullying case <sec> dharun ravi faces a 15-count indictment involving hate crime charges .  he has turned down a plea deal that would have allowed him to avoid jail time .  the offer would have required 600 hours of community service , among other things .  roommate tyler clementi killed himself after he was secretly filmed having a sexual encounter with a ma .
 florida a & m ; band fraternity charter revoked after hazing investigation <sec> famu 's delta iota chapter can apply to reactivate its charter in 2017 , kappa kappa psi says .  28 people present during a hazing in 2010 have been expelled from the fraternity .  student robert champion died after a separate hazing last year , police say .  thirteen people are charged in connection with champion 's deat .
 official : shooting at pentagon appears to be a 'random incident ' <sec> new : an official sees no apparent link between pentagon , marine museum shootings .  several shots were fired early tuesday into an unoccupied part of the pentagon .  a top pentagon security official is calling the shooting `` an isolated incident , so far '' .  two bullet fragments have been discovered , and the investigation is ongoin .
 syria : doctors hide patients as rebel clashes threaten aleppo hospital <sec> rebels from the free syrian army are clashing with al qaeda-linked fighters .  both are fighting to topple al-assad 's government ; now , they 're fighting each other .  `` doctors are working neutrally , treating both sides , '' source say .
 pharrell williams on motivation , his book and working with miley <sec> the musician and producer has written `` pharrell : places and spaces i 've been '' .  pharrell williams recently worked with miley cyrus -- `` it 's good stuff man '' .  he also scored the 2012 academy awards alongside hans zimme .
 6 great chinese new year parties <sec> some 500,000 will watch a parade in manhattan 's chinatown on february 1 .  singapore hosts one of the world 's most elaborate chinese new year festivities .  fireworks will light up the nighttime sky over cockle bay in sydne .
 allen starts live-stream tour of japanese shipwreck <sec> a live-stream tour of the ship is underway .  japan 's giant battleship musashi was sunk off the philippines in world war ii .  a team led by microsoft co-founder paul allen said last week it had found the wrec .
 dapper dinosaurs take over conde nast uk websites <sec> keyboard code unleashes parade of stylish dinosaurs on conde nast uk websites .  dinosaurs are konami codes , an 'old cheat-sequence ' often used as memes .  conde nast says dinosaurs are `` intended , '' not result of a computer hac .
 'the mortal instruments ' as a tv series ? <sec> `` the mortal instruments '' could soon be a tv series .  its production company has reportedly hired a showrunner .  the first adaptation performed poorly in 201 .
 world records revealed : from tallest teen to most smurfs <sec> 1,253 smurfs gather in ireland , find place in guinness world records 2010 book .  released thursday , the record book lists 4,000 eyebrow-raising tidbits .  `` i 'm another person , just like everybody else , '' tallest teenage boy says .  woman who grew fingernails for about 30 years loses them in car acciden .
 real madrid remain top of latest rich list <sec> spanish champions real madrid are top of the latest deloitte football rich list .  manchester united and barcelona are second and third in the annual rankings .  the fall in value of sterling has affected english clubs ' positions in annual lis .
 powerball winning numbers drawn for $ 400 million jackpot <sec> new : the lucky numbers are 7 , 10 , 35 , 32 and 22 and powerball 19 .  the jackpot is the fourth-largest lottery prize in u.s. history .  multi-state lottery association : odds of winning the grand prize are one in 175,223,510 .  weather service : odds of being struck by lightning over an 80-year lifetime are one in 10,00 .
 iran groups urge non-violent protests for anniversary <sec> council for coordinating the reforms front called for people to march `` with their green colors '' .  opposition leaders mir hossein moussavi and mehdi karrubi have called for non-violent protests .  iran trying and executing people accused of demonstrating against the june 12 presidential electio .
 bombings kill at least 31 in baghdad <sec> new : al qaeda splinter group claims responsibility , post on jihadist website says .  a car bomb and a suicide attack struck a political rally , police say .  iraq has been engulfed by violence , which has escalated over the past year .  parliamentary elections are set for next wee .
 jero : old tricks , new idol <sec> jero has made traditional japanese enka songs hip and found new audience .  he sang enka with his japanese grandmother when he was a young boy .  found success on talent show and first single made no.4 in chart .
 bolivian leader does n't regret expelling u.s. ambassador <sec> new : bolivia 's evo morales says ordering ambassador to leave was right move .  new : morales open to reviewing stances now that barack obama is president .  morales speaking on earth day : people ca n't put their interests above earth .  with climate change , `` rights of mother earth are not being respected , '' morales say .
 bus driver may have had medical problem before deadly crash <sec> charter bus overturned on minnesota freeway , killing two women .  driver hospitalized in serious condition ; officials looking into possibility of `` medical episode '' .  22 people were aboard bus en route to iowa casino ; only one unhur .
 texas high school stabbings : teen charged with murder <sec> new : 17-year-old boy charged with murder in stabbings that left one teen dead .  new : three injured students were treated at hospitals and released , sheriff 's office says .  the stabbings happened at spring high school near houston , police sa .
 help en route to tornado victims <sec> tornadoes touched down in several states this week causing widespread damage .  dozens were killed and hundreds of homes destroyed by the storms .  disaster relief organizations are mobilizing to help victims and begin cleanup .  towns in kansas , illinois and missouri are coordinating cleanup volunteer .
 gop holding u.s. economy hostage on debt <sec> david rothkopf : obama challenged congressional gop on debt ceiling .  rothkopf says boehner and house gop are bizarrely holding nation hostage .  he says they must know it will hurt them , but continue ; want budget cuts , but not to defense .  rothkopf : playing politics with debt ceiling must be permanently out of bound .
 abidal poised for barcelona return <sec> barcelona 's eric abidal is given the all clear to play again for barcelona .  french defender has been out for nearly a year after a liver transplant .  barca midfieler xavi says abidal 's return is `` the best news of the year .
 zhou xun : china 's queen of quirk <sec> zhou xun is one of the most famous actresses in china .  contemporary of zhang ziyi known for taking on quirky roles .  took a method approach to her role as a drunk spy in 2009 film , `` the message .
 packers and steelers to face off in super bowl xlv <sec> green bay packers and pittsburgh steelers reach super bowl xlv .  the packers see off old rivals chicago bears 21-14 in nfc championship game .  pittsburgh beat new york jets 24-19 to claim afc title .  dallas hosts nfl 's showpiece game on sunday february .
 can merger return 'star wars ' to its glory days ? <sec> on tuesday , the walt disney co. announced its $ 4 billion acquisition of lucasfilm .  reports state that george lucas will simply serve as a consultant and map out basic plotlines .  some fans say that taking control away from george lucas will save the franchis .
 indian pm says watchdog alone can not end graft <sec> prime minister says judicial system reform needed to curb corruption .  he says an ombudsman wo n't be enough .  hazare continues his hunger strik .
 state of the union : dreamer cristian avila among guests in viewing box <sec> sitting in the first lady 's box was dreamer cristian avila .  `` if it was n't for receiving my daca last summer i would n't be here , '' activist said .  avila caught the attention of obama administration during his 22-day immigration fast .  he 's optimistic about immigration reform despite fearing his parents being deporte .
 a day in the life of a navajo cowboy <sec> vbs.tv spends time with navajo cowboys who are part of a bronc and bull riding league .  vbs.tv says it 's an unusual portrait of americana in the 21st century .  navajo riders face difficult economic hurdles as they seek success in rodeo circuit .  navajo riders have managed to get some mainstream exposur .
 blast targets bus carrying soldiers in yemen <sec> explosives are planted on a bus carrying yemeni air force personnel .  the blast kills at least one person .  yemen is home to al qaeda in the arabian peninsul .
 nasa releases clearest videos yet of 1969 moonwalk <sec> new : nasa used company that specializes in restoring old hollywood films .  new : some images obtained from kinescopes found in nasa 's film vaults .  videos released just four days before the 40th anniversary of first moonwalk .  videos far superior to the initial dark , fuzzy images but far from cris .
 'gone with the wind ' actress alicia rhett dies at 98 <sec> alicia rhett played india wilkes in the 1939 classic `` gone with the wind '' .  after the film , she headed back to charleston and worked as an artist .  she died of natural causes at a retirement community , a spokesman say .
 one wheelchair -- one lesson of problems in health care reform <sec> woman : rented , $ 1,200 taxpayer-funded wheelchair can be bought for $ 440 .  cnn found chair that could be bought for a fourth of the price .  debbie brown believes her story , wheelchair underscore problem health care reform .  legislators , companies debate competitive bidding to fix proble .
 commentary : libertarian ideas to stimulate economy <sec> jeffrey miron : key rule of stimulus plan should be : first , do no harm .  he says plan should repeal the corporate income tax , raise retirement age .  miron says `` buy american '' rules should be avoided and free trade backed .  miron : government should n't make it easier for unions to organiz .
 husband of driver in fatal crash : 'i 've never seen her drunk ' <sec> diane schuler 's husband says she did n't abuse alcohol , drugs .  authorities : schuler was intoxicated when she caused fatal crash in new york .  wreck killed eight people , including schuler , her daughter and three nieces .  attorney : no one saw schuler with alcohol before she began driv .
 swedish security police : violence was 'an act of terrorism ' <sec> new : british police execute search warrant in connection with swedish investigation .  prime minister fredrik reinfeldt defends swedish society in the face of the attack .  one person died , and two people were injured in the explosions .  police say they received an e-mail threat before the explosion .
 behind the dark glasses : the world of karl lagerfeld <sec> german-born fashion designer is one of the most recognizable figures in fashion .  has been creative force behind chanel for over 25 years .  told cnn he thinks little of the past , successes or failures , focused on the present .  `` i am born for the battlefield . .  competition is healthy , '' he told cn .
 snowden a 'free man ' in moscow airport , russian president says <sec> new : snowden is safe and `` possibly simply relaxing , '' wikileaks spokesman says .  new : venezuela has n't gotten asylum request but would consider it , leader says .  vladimir putin says russia wo n't hand snowden over to u.s. authorities .  u.s. is asking for help in detaining former nsa contractor accused of spilling secret .
 warning over testicle-biting fish in denmark ? it 's all wet <sec> a danish professor said a south american fish was found in danish waters .  he said the fish may attack male private parts , but now he says it was a joke .  a fish expert says the fish are vegetarian and do n't swim in saltwater .  there is no record of them attacking humans , the expert say .
 a fate worse than death for scores of african women <sec> african women with obstetric fistula see themselves as the walking dead , doctor says .  fistula can be repaired with delicate surgery and follow-up care .  many african hospitals and doctors lack education and expertise .  thursday is the first-ever international day to end obstetric fistul .
 upset win puts a british man into the second round <sec> daniel evans pulls off a major upset on the opening day of tennis ' u.s. open .  evans , ranked 179th , beats no . .  11 seed kei nishikori in straight sets in new york .  venus williams , agnieszka radwanska and li na were first-round women 's winners .  james blake will retire after the u.s. open , putting an end to his 14-year pro caree .
 opinion : it 's europe and america 's internet . africans just live in it <sec> africa is on fire right now when it comes to be at the forefront of innovation in mobile .  africa has a huge potential for mobile app creators and companies that rely in the mobile space .  there are 695 million mobile subscriptions in africa and it is predicted to hit 735 million by the end of 201 .
 liz cheney forms group to take on obama 's foreign policy <sec> keep america safe says its goal is providing effective rebuttal to obama .  group 's founders say it has watched administration with `` concern and dismay '' .  new : democratic party calls cheney foreign policy a `` sullied legacy '' .  keeping focus on national security threats is one of group 's goal .
 here 's how espn 's britt mchenry could have responded <sec> espn reporter britt mchenry caught on video berating a towing company employee .  cnn 's kelly wallace used the story as a teachable moment for her daughters .  wallace : mchenry could learn from other celebrities who responded gracefully in stressful situation .
 can u.s. help gulf shield itself against iran ? <sec> patrick m. cronin : gulf arab countries are cooperating on a missile shield against iran .  cronin : u.s. is hoping to cover kuwait to saudi arabia , bahrain , qatar and united arab emirates .  cronin : pentagon says iran could test-flight an intercontinental missile as early as 2015 .  there are serious questions about how well gulf states can collaborate , cronin say .
 elephants escape circus in st. louis , missouri , damage cars <sec> eyewitnesses tell cnn affiliate loud noises spooked the elephants .  the female elephants wandered out of their enclosure and into parking lot .  they dinged two cars before getting rounded up .  the are doing fine and got saturday night off from the sho .
 to stem violence against women , men must step up <sec> don mcpherson : not enough men speak out against domestic violence against women .  he says violence toward women affects men , too . .  yet culture ignores , propagates it .  he says campaign `` one million men . .  one million promises , '' to draw attention to it .  mcpherson : men can help in many small ways . .  set example in treatment of wome .
 afghan official ties haqqani network to bombing <sec> new : isaf spokesmen say they have no indications haqqani network was involved .  interior ministry spokesman cites evidence about vehicles used , people involved .  u.s. officials have sounded alarms about the network and its ties to pakista .
