 opinion : parks take the hit for congress ' failure <sec> theresa pierno : the federal government shutdown has closed the national parks .  she says this means loss of millions to parks , businesses , nearby communities .  she says parks , already hurt by earlier cuts , now symbol for congressional dysfunction .  pierno : congress must restore services to funds to parks and reopen the .
 father charged after throwing crying son overboard on tour boat <sec> a man allegedly hits his 7-year-old son , then throws the boy overboard .  three passing boats rescue the boy from newport harbor .  the father is charged with felony child endangerment and resisting arres .
 'entire families trapped under the rubble , ' syrian opposition says <sec> at least 71 people were killed monday , an opposition group says .  civilians are trapped by rising violence in homs , a u.n. official says .  opposition officials call for world leaders to consider the use of force .  the opposition says children were used as human shields in tafa .
 why london 's mayoral elections matter so much to women <sec> expert : whoever wins control of london 's $ 23 bn budget could make a real difference to the city 's four million women .  goddard : women in london are more likely to live in poverty , experience a wider pay gap than women elsewhere in uk .  only eight of the 25 members of the current london assembly , which holds mayor to account , are wome .
 safari pioneer geoffrey kent 's incredible african odyssey <sec> luxury travel company abercrombie & kent turns 50 in 2013 .  co-founder geoffrey kent fended off lion attack with richard burton .  `` there will always be african safaris , '' says pioneering guid .
 ex-soviet leader gorbachev leaves hospital -- report <sec> new : former soviet president mikhail gorbachev says he 's left hospital , news agency says .  new : he says he is not feeling `` well '' yet but is pleased to be back at work .  after a disease recurrence , `` i 'm monitored , wires all over me , '' he told a radio station earlier .  gorbachev suffers from a severe form of diabetes , according to state medi .
 richest man in saudi arabia on murdoch , oil , and isis <sec> meet prince alwaleed bin talal al saud , richest man in middle east .  from next year , saudi stock exchange will open to foreign investors .  hrh says country must not rely so heavily on oil exports .  calls isis a `` diseases infecting the middle east .
 democrat heckler jeers udall <sec> democratic sen. mark udall has focused much of his campaign in colorado on reproductive rights .  a heckler shouted at a sunday rally : `` that 's not the only thing you stand for ! .  jesus christ ! '' .  it 's just the latest blow udall has suffered for his intense focus on the issu .
 10 people who learned social media can get you fired <sec> from bitter barista to `` carlycrunkbear , '' many have lost jobs over online posts .  remember gilbert gottfried 's unfortunate remarks about japan tsunami ? .  a california pizza kitchen server complained that his uniform was the `` lamest s -- t ever '' .  follow cnn living on facebook and twitte .
 hope for an end to world 's deadliest war <sec> congo war , funded by conflict minerals , is the deadliest since world war ii .  in congo , john prendergast heard of villagers slaughtered with machetes , families fleeing .  he says western consumer demand for a conflict-free minerals trade is encouraging .  he thinks signs are hopeful as congo , other african nations sign framework for peac .
 relative of mom shot by son at walmart speaks <sec> veronica rutledge , 29 , was fatally shot by her 2-year-old son .  her father-in-law remembers her as outgoing , fun-loving and kind .  gun was removed from special-designed purse for concealing firearm .
 where 's the originality in reality tv ? <sec> marketed as `` the future of fashion design shows , '' `` fashion star '' premiered tuesday .  if `` project runway '' and `` shark tank '' were one show , it would be called `` fashion star '' .  source : there are so many shows , it 's hard to come up with a completely new concep .
 himalaya future is warmer , not brighter <sec> recent deadly mountain incidents in himalayas have created concern about climate change .  avalanches are more frequent and of greater magnitude , says sherpa .  landslides and floods have made farming more difficult in recent year .
 15 best quirky things to do in the u.s. in 2015 <sec> go beyond the ordinary to explore the country 's quirkier side .  tour a cold war-era missile site in north dakota .  taste some of the country 's finest salt in west virgini .
 police : high-end drug and prostitution ring busted on super bowl week <sec> operators accused of selling `` party packs '' of cocaine and sex .  ring allegedly laundered money through front businesses .  wealthy customers in town for the super bowl were target .
 why did anti-immigration sentiment boil over in israel ? <sec> tension has flared in parts of israel between some immigrants from africa and residents of the neighborhood .  residents says that the infrastructure and public services can not cope with the new arrivals .  many israelis who sympathize with the african immigrants say they believe racism is a factor .  israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu says the immigration problem is being dealt wit .
 paul o'neill : banks must show u.s. the money <sec> u.s. should demand major financial institutions come clean , ex-treasury chief says .  `` there is no hope '' until u.s. stabilizes financial system , o'neill says .  o'neill : many people in the financial sector `` had no idea what was going on .
 unicef 'deeply concerned ' about marriage of 8-year-old <sec> unicef : marriage of a child is a violation of that child 's rights .  judge said girl could petition `` once she reaches puberty , '' relative tells cnn .  girl 's father arranged her marriage to a 47-year-old to settle debts , lawyer says .  girl 's mother says she will continue to seek daughter 's divorc .
 drought-stricken georgia says it will sue over water <sec> corp : lake lanier has about three months of water for metro atlanta .  georgia governor wants limit on water released from the lake .  atlanta mayor calls for conservation , says city is working to lessen water us .
 suze orman 's easy money to-do list <sec> suze orman : know your financial state , find savings , build financial security .  track your spending , cut it by 10 percent , check your credit rating .  shop for insurance deals , raise your deductible , find a credit union .  build 8 months of living expenses and fund a roth ir .
 five great spots for cross-country skiing <sec> tahoe cross country ski area allows dogs on some trails .  descendants of maria von trapp own a lodge in vermont .  a lodge in ontario offers skiers an escape into the wildernes .
 camps dismantled after french police standoff with migrants in calais <sec> new : camps appear dismantled , but about 50 to 60 migrants remain at one .  police are trying to shift migrants from makeshift camps near calais .  the migrants do n't want to leave , wo n't take steps to tackle a scabies outbreak , authorities say .  calais is a magnet for migrants seeking to reach britain or claim asylum in franc .
 pakistan reverses hike in fuel prices <sec> one party quit governing coalition over fuel price hikes and other issues .  mqm 's move cost the prime minister 's party its majority in the assembly .  another party withdrew in december .  prime minister wants to develop a strategy to combat price fluctuatio .
 germany 's merkel is right -- multiculturalism has failed <sec> german chancellor angela merkel said multiculturalism has n't worked .  david frum notes crime , other social problems resulted from immigration into germany .  he says europe may need tougher law enforcement , less generous welfare state .  frum : will europe soon be imitating the u.s. on immigration policies .
 pakistan summons u.s. envoy over airstrikes <sec> pakistan summons u.s. ambassador over missile attacks .  missile strike from a suspected u.s. drone killed 20 people .  suspected taliban militants kidnap 3 officials from in tribal regio .
 air force nurse charged in three patients ' deaths <sec> man is accused of giving terminally ill patients fatal overdoses .  he worked at a hospital at lackland air force base in texas .  he is also charged with conduct unbecoming an office .
 fort bragg soldier reported missing <sec> new : gi 's mother said she was told daughter got out of car .  the soldier got a ride home , according to a u.s. army official .  the female gi sent a text message saying `` got home safely , '' the official says .  missing woman 's sister pleads for her safe retur .
 mike leigh 's screenwriting secrets <sec> british filmmaker mike leigh shares his scripting style and secrets .  mike leigh has been in the movie business for over 35 years .  leigh 's work is known for gritty realism and focus on underprivileged societies .  he is also renowned for his unconventional approach to screenwritin .
 opinion : in school rampages , the weapon matters <sec> authors : injury , not death , came from school stabbings in pennsylvania .  they say research has long found for purposes of life and death , the weapon matters .  writers : deaths from gun attacks higher than those from knives , other weapons .  if public policy led to reduction in gun use in crimes , murder rate would go down , they sa .
 a good car repair shop -- how to find one <sec> start shopping for a repair facility before you need one .  ask if they are members of associations such as `` napa autocare '' or `` aaa '' .  another factor to consider is the equipment available .  do n't sell yourself short for a few bucks . .  quality repair is priceles .
 children could get death penalty as maldives brings back executions <sec> maldives reinstates the death penalty after 61 years .  some provisions of the new law mean minors could potentially be executed .  u.n and eu have expressed their opposition to the decisio .
 juarez shedding violent image , statistics show <sec> violence in juarez has dropped from its peak in 2010 .  juarez was known as the deadliest city in the world .  authorities do n't credit one single tactic for the reduction in violence .  there are still an average of two killings a day in juare .
 neil young 's digital service pono gets help from bruce , stars <sec> neil young is introducing pono , his high-resolution digital music service .  video to promote service features all-star lineup , including bruce springsteen .  young dislikes quality of cds , mp3s ; pono gets music out from `` underwater , '' he says .  kickstarter campaign already hit goal , will run through april 1 .
 india 's 'mr incredible ' tries to bring the country up to speed <sec> delhi-mumbai industrial corridor scheme will cost $ 90b .  leading project is amitabh kant , the man who lead india 's successful tourism campaign .  project seen as necessary as country 's middle class grows .  speed of reform and modernization needs to be faster believes kan .
 new york doctor with ebola 'committed and responsible ' <sec> dr. craig spencer showed first symptoms on thursday , an official says .  spencer , 33 , was working in guinea , helping treat ebola patients .  on facebook , spencer asked people to support organizations fighting ebola .  he was taken to the hospital after developing a fever , the official say .
 how tea party could drive gop to disaster <sec> david frum : non-tea party republicans hope romney will be the nominee and win election .  he says romney seems stuck in the polls and ca n't seem to win tea party voters ' support .  if romney is nominated and loses , tea party will push party further right .  frum : tea party stands for a series of ideas that do n't meet the reality tes .
 'i am the shooter , ' nidal hasan tells fort hood court-martial <sec> a `` state of panic '' erupted when the shooting began , survivor says .  hasan kept shooting outside the processing center , witness says .  `` the evidence will clearly show that i am the shooter , '' hasan admits .  hasan launched a `` jihad '' against his comrades , prosecutors sai .
 weekend shootouts in northeastern mexico kill at least 9 <sec> zeta , gulf cartels have been waging a bloody war in northeastern mexico .  eight killed early sunday in tamaulipas state , which borders texas , gulf of mexico .  state department warns u.s. citizens about travel to mexico .  ciudad juarez , across from el paso , remain 's mexico most violent cit .
 open letter to pope urges end to celibacy <sec> women post open letter to pope urging abolition of celibacy .  authors claim to have had intimate relations with clergy .  women call celibacy a man-made law that needs revisiting .  vatican has no commen .
 arkansas ban on same-sex marriage struck down by state judge <sec> `` our country has evolved as a beacon of liberty , '' judge writes .  `` it is time to let that beacon of freedom shine brighter on all our brothers and sisters '' .  seventeen states and the district of columbia already allow same-sex marriage .  just a decade ago , there were non .
 how could obama have 'underestimated ' isis ? <sec> top officials have long been warning about the threat posed by isis .  president obama said the u.s. `` underestimated '' the group 's rise in syria .  it was also hard to predict iraq 's defense capabilities , the white house say .
 at e3 2014 , the games are the thing <sec> the electronic entertainment expo kicks off monday in l.a . .  with all the new consoles released , games will take center stage .  sony hopes to press its advantage with new titles , virtual reality .  nintendo is going low-key , hoping to spur wii u sales with softwar .
 airline defends training of pilot involved in fatal crash <sec> continental connection flight 3407 crashed near buffalo in february ; 50 people died .  wall street journal report says pilot did n't have hands-on flight-simulator training .  colgan air says marvin renslow got faa-required classroom instruction .  colgan , operator of flight , also insists pilot fatigue was n't a factor in cras .
 google forbids users from reselling , loaning glass eyewear <sec> google is barring users of its $ 1,500 glass connected eyewear from reselling or loaning them out .  a limited number of developers received beta versions of the glass headsets this week .  one developer put his glass headset for sale on ebay , where bidding reached $ 90,000 .  google says it reserves the right to deactivate the connected devic .
 the gay footballer who chose freedom over 'constructed prison ' <sec> marcus urban was an east german footballer who retired to live as openly gay .  a talented midfielder urban represented east germany as a youth international .  nba player jason collins `` came out '' in an interview with sports illustrated last month .  former united states midfielder recently announced he was after retiring from socce .
 report : bae in north korea feels abandoned by u.s . <sec> new : family pleads with washington to negotiate kenneth bae 's release .  bae , arrested in november 2012 , remains in north korea .  pro-north korean paper : bae feels abandoned by u.s. government .  bae says he still suffers medical problems and is worried about going back to labor cam .
 mohapatra 's moment <sec> mohapatra has has dressed actresses and the first lady . .  mohapatra is a member of the council of fashion designers of america . .  he uses traditional dressmaking techniques .
 house panel recommends holder contempt citation <sec> house leaders say the full chamber could vote on contempt next week .  a house committee recommends a contempt citation against attorney general holder .  democrats call the contempt measure unfair and an election year witch hunt .  at issue are documents the panel seeks on the botched fast and furious gun-running stin .
 here comes the bride , all dressed in anything but white <sec> many brides are choosing to walk down the aisle in a nontraditional , colorful dress .  jessica biel wore a pink wedding dress when she married justin timberlake .  queen victoria started the white wedding gown tren .
 gunman kills 2 , wounds 5 in germany bar shooting <sec> the victims were holding a homeowners meeting held at a bar .  it happened in dossenheim , north of heidelberg in southern germany .  the gunman grew angry and opened fire with a pistol .  he then shot and killed himself , according to polic .
 aurora marks anniversary of movie massacre amid gun debate <sec> new : new york mayor bloomberg 's gun control group releases gun reform ad .  volunteers read names of gun violence victims for more than 10 hours .  a few gun rights advocates protest peacefully .  trial expected in 2014 for james holmes , who has pleaded not guilty to the killing .
 sheriff : man froze mother 's body for 3 years to collect her retirement checks <sec> when a sheriff 's deputy arrived to question jon whiteford , he killed himself .  his mother appears to have died of natural causes in spring of 2011 .  her remains were tied up in the yard of a ramshackle home .  authorities : when she died , he did n't want to lose that incom .
 adventures in ramen : japan 's soup scene <sec> started as a simple four -- shoyu , shio , tonkotsu and miso , ramen grows into dozens of local styles .  not all ramen in hokkaido is miso but there are also shoyu ramen from asahikawa and curry ramen from muroran .  every sunset , ramen carts are set up along the rivers in tenjin , kyushu , selling pork-bone ramen till the next mornin .
 nfl receiver stallworth charged with dui manslaughter <sec> nfl player is expected to surrender in court thursday ; bail expected to be $ 200,000 . .  donte stallworth 's blood-alcohol level was 0.126 percent ; state 's legal limit is 0.08 .  if convicted , stallworth could face up to 15 years in prison .
 purdue shooting suspect surrenders after allegedly killing student <sec> purdue president : `` violent crime ... shocks our conscience and incites our rage '' .  shooting happens inside an electrical engineering building at the indiana school .  suspect surrenders to a police officer outside right after the incident , chief says .  both the victim and suspect are students ; police calls the shooting `` intentiona .
 top military brass splits over 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' repeal <sec> sen. scott brown , r-massachusetts , says he supports a repeal .  mccain predicts that over 40 senators will oppose a bill repealing `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' .  different service leaders present different views on repeal .  the head of the marine corps appeared most resistant to repealing the polic .
 congressman says he did not post lewd photo on twitter <sec> new : twitter e-mails members of congress about account security .  weiner says he did not post a lewd photo and has hired a firm to investigate .  on tuesday he had a heated exchange with reporters .  a conservative blogger who broke the story wants an investigatio .
 why screening your genes is big business <sec> handful of firms from 23andme to decode offer dna tests to individuals .  but how much health-relevant information can be gleaned is hotly debated .  consumer genomics market in early stages , but has potential , analysts sa .
 josh groban on his new album , acting gigs <sec> josh groban talks about some of his musical influences .  his first concert in the third grade was a new kids on the block christmas show .  groban is slated to appear in an upcoming comedy , `` coffee town .
 official : powers transferred to vp after attack on president saleh <sec> new : president saleh has arrived in riyadh for medical treatment , a source says .  saleh 's injuries from friday 's attack on his palace are worse than first thought .  vice president abed rabbo mansour hadi has taken over , a yemeni official says .  all the key players in sanaa have agreed to an open-ended ceasefire , the source say .
 how to ensure no schoolchild dies of an allergy attack <sec> ruchi gupta : exposure to a peanut speck can kill an allergic schoolchild in minutes .  this time of year , holiday snacks brought in from home carry allergy risks , she says .  gupta : easy to save a life if schools have epinephrine on hand and can administer it .  school access to emergency epinephrine act crucial , she says , as allergies increas .
 really a `` new chapter '' in u.s.-china relations ? <sec> top diplomatic , economic officials from u.s. , china meet in washington , d.c . .  fifth annual u.s.-china strategic economic dialogue now underway .  cyber hacking , theft of intellectual property , tariff wars high on agenda .  analysts : u.s.-china mutually dependent , can not afford conflic .
 opinion : why amazon fire phone should scare retailers <sec> paul saffo : amazon is n't playing catch-up , it 's changing the game in mobile space .  saffo : fire phone shifts focus of mobile devices to satisfying our shopping urges .  he says features of fire phone will turn stores into de facto showrooms for amazon .  saffo : get ready , the next phase will be `` augmented reality '' shoppin .
 pakistan kills al qaeda leader on fbi most wanted list <sec> adnan g. el shukrijumah grew up in the united states .  he was once indicted by new york authorities as the mastermind of a terror plot .  he was killed in a raid in south waziristan on saturday .  rewards for justice program offered $ 5 million for information leading to captur .
