 lawsuit : race-based request sidelined michigan nurse <sec> tonya battle worked for the hospital for 25 years .  a father told her supervisor he did n't want black people caring for his baby , suit says .  he showed the supervisor a tattoo while speaking with her .  a note on the baby 's chart asked that no african-americans care for the child , suit allege .
 2013 : america on the cusp of social change <sec> frida ghitis : after years in which conservative views predominated , u.s. is changing .  ghitis : 2013 should see impact of support for progressive tax rates , same-sex marriage .  gun control is now considered an urgent issue once again , she says .  ghitis : opponents of progressive policies will stand against chang .
 how to find out if your mac has the flashback trojan <sec> there are two areas of your hard drive that need to be checked for nasty files .  to check if your mac is infected , you can download the scripts hosted by cloudapp .  if infected , you will need to go to the f-secure 's website and follow the instruction .
 homosexuality is 'sport 's last taboo ' <sec> graeme le saux says an `` undercurrent of prejudice '' exists in football .  ex-england star endured homophobic abuse amid false rumors he was gay .  le saux says football needs to do more to tackle prejudice , homophobi .
 the towers of kaiping : china 's unsung historic treasure <sec> the watchtowers in kaiping , china , were originally built for defense against bandit raids .  they received a unesco world heritage site listing in 2007 .  in the early 20th century , wealthy emigrants returned to kaiping and built more towers with western influence .
 magnitude 5.6 quake hits chile <sec> new : some communications problems are reported after the quake , cnn chile says .  the quake strikes 100 miles north of valparaiso .  there are no immediate reports of damage or injurie .
 pakistan allows top official to travel outside country <sec> defence minister mukhtar is free to leave pakistan after initally being denied .  mukhtar was wrongly put on an exit control list which prevented him from leaving the country .  confusion stems from a list that prevented officials facing corruption charges from leaving .
 world cup hosts brazil have work cut out to win sixth title <sec> brazil lose 2-1 to england at wembley stadium , london .  the match was the first of luis felipe scolari 's second spell as coach .  scolari called ronaldinho into the brazil squad for the first time in a year .  brazil captain david luiz is confident his country can with the 2014 world cu .
 five things to watch at the olympics on tuesday <sec> gymnastics has four finals , including the women 's floor competition .  any one of three kenyan men could take 1,500-meter final .  neymar seeks to add to growing fame , lead brazil to men 's football final .  chris hoy aims to become britain 's top gold medal winner of all tim .
 sandy hook 911 calls reopen wounds a year after shooting massacre <sec> nicole hockley lost her son dylan , 6 , in the newtown shooting .  she opposed the release of the 911 call recordings and fears hearing them by chance .  other victims ' loved ones support the release ; they want the public to know .  psychologists say the release can help or hurt family members and other .
 8 decadent hotel breakfasts <sec> enjoy flaky croissants with your fabulous buffet at the new hotel in athens .  at the mandarin oriental in boston , have some lobster as part of breakfast .  in montana , fresh huckleberries come with your luxury campsite ( you just need $ 1475 ) .  start off the day with oysters and champagne in south afric .
 through hazy memories , woodstock still captivates <sec> as woodstock celebrates 40 years , the music festival still looms large .  memories of the event are distorted by media coverage , movies , some say .  `` it took 10 years to realize you were part of history , '' said lenny eisenberg .  ireport.com : were you at woodstock ? .  share your memories , photo .
 former google+ employee : we f***ed up <sec> former google+ employee says the social tool has failed .  hashtag inventor chris messina left google over a year ago .  he says g+ could have been about identity , became `` facebook lite .
 an architect with his own classic car museum <sec> architect ian foster has amassed a huge classic car collection .  he owns 40 cars and 130 motorcycles .  foster has also opened a classic car museum in his native northern irelan .
 from fashion statement to social symbol <sec> texas state sen. wendy davis caught national attention for a filibuster to stop an abortion bill .  the pink sneakers davis wore for comfort also made headlines .  davis ' sneakers join a line of fashion symbols in social revolution .
 kiwi : 'hobbit ' better return our investment <sec> `` middle of middle earth '' greets arrivals with gollum , hobbit-themed flags , gandalf .  kiwi taxpayers are footing a portion of the cost for the films .  prime minister key says `` the hobbit '' costs far less than `` lord of the rings '' trilogy did for country .  director sir peter jackson says the films could have been shot in england , scotlan .
 'dementia village : ' 5 things i learned <sec> gupta : 'dementia village ' is one of the most humane things i 've seen .  keeping up appearances helps residents cope .  music and hand holding keep residents comforted , calm .  a safe environment is ke .
 hughton sacked as newcastle manager <sec> newcastle united sack manager chris hughton after 3-1 defeat at wba .  the 51-year-old hughton is first premier league dismissal of the season .  hughton loses his job despite leading the club to 11th in table following promotio .
 tsunami-battered countries restart , rebuild amid challenges <sec> tsunami claims 245,000 people on december 26 , 2004 .  rebuilding steady , though troubles with construction , land rights .  u.n. : $ 10 billion in damage : $ 13.5 billion in aid received .  on cnn international : `` tsunami 5 '' ( all times gmt ) : december 26 : 1430 , 2030 december 27 : 0930 december 28 : 1330 , 173 .
 obama overturns bush policy on stem cells <sec> new : former first lady nancy reagan thanks president obama for lifting funding ban .  obama : `` we have been given the capacity and will to pursue this research '' .  bush-era policy on embryonic stem cell research reversed .  advocates : move could boost medical progress ; critics object to embryo destructio .
 car bomb blasts buildings in benghazi <sec> a car bomb damaged buildings in benghazi .  the benghazi local council holds the government responsible for the violence .  there has been an uptick in attack .
 'crazy ants ' a threat in southern u.s . <sec> `` tawny crazy ants ' '' could change ecological balances .  crazy ants likely to overwhelm fire ants and `` whack '' them , researcher says .  species originated in south america .  crazy ants hitchhike with humans to sprea .
 museum : giant spruce goose aviation icon is safe <sec> museum housing howard hughes ' giant seaplane is part of an investigation .  museum says it 's financially viable and has no plans to close .  built in the 1940s , spruce goose still has the world 's widest wingspan .  lawyer negotiating final ownership payment : spruce goose will stay where it i .
 bride price app : 'inside joke ' or 'horrific sexism ' ? <sec> a new app calculates a woman 's worth based on personal and lifestyle questions .  `` bride price '' caused a stir on twitter with some calling it sexist , but 86 % of users are female .  the app has so far had more than two million hit .
 papers : stain in casey anthony 's trunk looks like child outline <sec> fbi intelligence analyst speculated on photo in september 2008 e-mail .  `` we do not report conclusions ... in cases like this , '' supervisor replied .  casey anthony is charged with murder in death of 3-year-old daughter .  police believe that caylee 's body was in mother 's car trun .
 democrats face 2016 clash over world dangers ( opinion ) <sec> julian zelizer : dems ca n't run against bush foreign policy in 2016 , must have own vision .  he says party divided on approach . .  one strain : liberal internationalists like clinton , biden .  they think u.s. must be globally active , work through u.n. , nato . .  another strain is anti-war .  zelizer : liberal hawks ' third approach . .  candidates must navigate these ideas toward a visio .
 ecuador extends state of emergency in capital <sec> authorities extend the decree indefinitely .  it mobilizes the military to be in charge of securing the country instead of the police .  the extension comes after president rafael correa was attacked by police on september 3 .
 'happy ' video dancers , but not director , freed in iran <sec> all six dancers were freed ; the director was not , a human rights group says .  iranians are accused of making an `` obscene '' video that `` offended the public morals '' .  iranian president hassan rouhani tweets : `` # happiness is our people 's right '' .  the hashtag # freehappyiranians has gone viral on twitte .
 iraq allows british , other foreign troops to stay <sec> new : suicide bomber kills 4 in mosul at protest against israel 's gaza airstrikes .  resolution approved by presidency council replaces u.n. mandate set to expire .  after u.s. 's 142,500 troops , britain has second-largest contingent : 4,100 .  authorities capture two al qaeda in iraq escapees , kill another from friday jailbrea .
 emergency declared in kazakhstan oil city after 10 die in clashes <sec> ten people were killed when police and striking oil workers clashed in zhanaozen .  the violence occurred as the country celebrated independence day .  the president says a 20-day state of emergency in the town could end earlie .
 airline investigates suspicous symbols marked on planes <sec> employees received an internal memo about markings on planes .  southwest is working with local , federal officials to find vandals .  sources tell local media , 'the markings appear to be arabic words .
 levelup app aims to keep coupon users coming back <sec> levelup is an app that offers deals and payments .  the app launches in new york and san francisco on wednesday .  users link a credit card to the app ; when they pay , they automatically get discounts .  the app also builds in an incentive for you to return to a busines .
 egypt 's government meets opposition as protests continue <sec> new : demonstrators try to prevent tanks from passing in tahrir square .  protesters in tahrir square form new opposition group .  some opposition leaders meet with the government ; others dig in .  anti-government protesters are still gathered in central cair .
 'haunted ' building lures beijing 's halloween horror seekers <sec> a century-old 'haunted ' building on busy beijing road is attracting halloween thrill seekers .  legend says building haunted by people who died mysteriously on the property .  current owner claims it 's not really haunted , police say no record of death .
 plane tragedy escalates the ukraine conflict - cnnpolitics.com <sec> vice president biden says the plane was apparently shot down .  no matter who did it , the tragedy has big repercussions .  what has been regional unrest now is an international conflict .  a u.s.-russia diplomatic showdown seems certain to worse .
 review : 'a very harold & kumar 3d christmas ' a treat for fans <sec> there are the gags that deliberately play up ethnic stereotypes .  the subtler joke being that harold and kumar 's own ethnicity is invisible .  the ex-best friends are reunited in a typically quixotic ques .
 opinion : cybercrime or espionage ? the rules just changed <sec> dave weinstein says the recent cyber-arrests and chinese indictments signal a new era .  federal law enforcement agencies and governments have redefined what crosses the line .  the blackshades raid spanned 19 countries and required robust global information sharin .
 doctors , aid workers get to work in japan <sec> new : mexican rescue squad arrives in sendai .  u.s. search and rescue teams are in hard-hit ofunato .  new zealand sends search and rescue team as it recovers from its own earthquake .  china sends team despite long-running tensions with japa .
 at least 19 killed as rebels , soldiers clash in colombia <sec> 15 soldiers are killed in one attack , four in another .  12 rebels are captured , says the president .  the violence comes amid peace talks between the government and the far .
 shanghai teens top international education ranking , oecd says <sec> shanghai ranks first in math , reading and science among 15- and 16-year-olds .  east asian economies performed better than other regions in all three subjects .  the united states ranks below average for the 65 countries assessed .  math scores have stalled or deteriorated in most countrie .
 pakistan survive scare from canada ; south africa hammer netherlands <sec> pakistan survive a scare from canada at the cricket world cup .  canada bowled out for just 138 chasing pakistan total of 184 .  shahid afridi takes five wickets to make it three wins from three for pakistan .  south africa thrash the netherlands winning by 231 runs to top group .
 landrieu says she has 60 votes to advance keystone <sec> at least 60 senators will vote to advance legislation authorizing the keystone xl pipeline , sen. mary landrieu says .  the louisiana democrat is trying to pass the bill in time to help in her dec. 6 run-off election against republican bill cassid .
 nepal king 's palace becomes museum <sec> nepal 's new government converts deposed king 's palace into museum .  national flag unfurled over building in symbolic end to monarchy .  himalayan kingdom was declared a republic last mont .
 microsoft tries to redefine the couch potato <sec> microsoft ceo steve ballmer said he wants to make tv more social .  kinect update lets its cameras read facial expressions and mouth movements .  kinect will put facial expressions on digital avatars .  some twitter users wrote they found that idea downright creep .
 'big ' still has heart and soul at 25 <sec> the movie `` big '' was released in 1988 and remains a classic .  robert deniro was originally cast in the tom hanks role .  `` big '' went on to receive oscar nominations for best actor and best original screenpla .
 hurricane barbara weakens to a tropical storm over mexico <sec> new : barbara dumps heavy rain over parts of southeastern mexico .  rapid weakening is forecast .  barbara crashed ashore in the southern state of chiapa .
 schedules show clinton plunged into health care quickly <sec> new : sen. hillary clinton scheduled health care meeting just days after inauguration .  new : conservative group says records show clinton was `` co-president '' .  archives releases clinton 's schedule when she was first lady .  more than 11,000 documents are being released covering nearly 2,900 day .
 death sentence in connecticut home invasion <sec> a judge sentences joshua komisarjevsky to death .  the 12-member jury voted for death by lethal injection on each of the six counts .  another man also has been sentenced to death in the case .  a jury convicted komisarjevsky in october on six felony charge .
 iaquinta and totti undergo knee surgery <sec> vincenzo iaquinta and francesco totti have operations on knee injuries .  29-year-old juventus striker iaquinta , 29 , undergoes surgery on left knee .  roma captain francesco totti has undergone surgery on his right kne .
 hallowed ground , arlington cemetery marks 150 years <sec> ceremony honors first soldier buried there in may 1864 .  property was owned by george washington 's family , robert e. lee .  more than 400,000 people are buried there , including john f. kenned .
 the cult of silvio berlusconi : why italians keep voting for 'il cavaliere ' <sec> scandal-plagued three time ex-premier silvio berlusconi finished second in italy 's election .  italians and non-italians have very different views of berlusconi , argues journalist bill emmott .  for all his faults , emmott says berlusconi did better than most at listening to his voter .
 ben affleck as batman might not be so bad <sec> casting of ben affleck as batman has sparked immense backlash .  some industry observers think it 's not such a bad move .  he 's made a career turnaround since he starred in 2003 's `` daredevil .
 colts linebacker josh mcnary denies rape allegation <sec> preliminary not guilty plea entered for the 26-year-old linebacker .  joshua mcnary wo n't play this weekend after the colts placed him on exempt list .  a woman told police she took a phone from the apartment of a man who raped he .
 when cooking can be deadly <sec> worldwide , nearly 2 million premature deaths each year are linked to indoor smoke .  the smoke comes when people use an open fire to cook or heat their homes , a common practice .  in tanzania , they 're producing `` clean cookstoves '' that emit far less smoke , fewer pollutant .
 banned books week : 10 most challenged books of 2012 <sec> `` the kite runner , '' `` beloved , '' `` looking for alaska '' among most frequently challenged .  american library association : at least 464 complaints to remove books filed in 2012 .  sexually explicit and offensive language most common reasons cited for challenge .
 study : texting while walking affects your balance <sec> study : texting while walking can pose a safety risk .  people who type on their phones while walking are less likely to keep their balance .  texters are also less likely to walk in a straight line .  study by australia 's university of queensland was published wednesda .
 'gangsta 's paradise ' rapper arrested on drug charges <sec> grammy winner held at los angeles international airport .  he is accused of possessing illegal drugs , paraphernalia .  his best-known hit is `` gangsta 's paradise .
 speculation rife over british royal engagement <sec> no response from clarence house , prince william 's official residence .  couple have been dating since 2003 , when both were students in scotland .  prince is currently training to be a search-and-rescue pilot with the royal air forc .
 dettori 's magnificent day <sec> frankie dettori made history in 1996 by riding seven winners in seven races .  feat made italian jockey famous , punters cleaned up , bookmakers lost out .  dettori bought final horse , fujiyama crest , now retired and dettori family pet .  final post has pride of place in frankie 's garden near home in newmarke .
 13 arrested in spanish forgery probe <sec> most of the arrests were in barcelona , according to spanish media .  police seize blank passports , national id cards , spanish media report .  police look for a printing machine in valencia , one report says .  new : police say ring also trafficked in uk , france , germany , belgium among other .
 pakistan blocks youtube , facebook over 'sacrilegious content ' <sec> pakistan blocks access to youtube , a day after imposing facebook ban .  `` everybody draw mohammed day '' urges users to submit drawings of mohammed .  devout muslims consider it offensive to depict mohammed .  telecommunications official says facebook blocked on government 's order .
 'fantasy ' website helps students learn about supreme court <sec> attorney getting students interested in important cases that affect everyone .  fantasyscotus.org is a teaching tool involving 200 classes around the country .  in the game , students analyze current high-profile cases , then predict the outcomes .  among cases students are predicting : video game ban , anti-gay church group at funeral .
 opinion : obama pays attention to latin america <sec> gop strategist ana navarro joined group of u.s. hispanic leaders to talk with president obama .  obama wanted to discuss issues ahead of his trip to mexico , latin america .  navarro : president to focus on economic opportunities , trade and commerce ties .  she says he should talk about economic benefits of a modernized immigration syste .
 telethon tries to raise 'hope for haiti ' <sec> `` hope for haiti '' one of the most widely distributed prime-time televised benefits in history .  actors staff the phones , musicians play the songs on telethon .  telethon broadcast on more than 25 networks including cnn , mtv and planet green .  cnn 's anderson cooper reports live from haiti during the even .
