 suu kyi to meet with u.n. chief after ending myanmar oath deadlock <sec> aung san suu kyi and her party object to wording of the swearing-in oath in parliament .  they had been delaying their debuts in the legislature .  suu kyi now says she will go to parliament and take the oath .  she is scheduled to meet with ban ki-moon on tuesda .
 how to safeguard your data as you travel <sec> wi-fi at airports , planes , hotels may be risky , but no more than at coffee shops .  study : loss of a single laptop costs a company $ 49,246 .  use encrypted disks to keep your information safe , experts sa .
 michelle obama arrives in china for official visit - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the u.s. first lady will meet with chinese first lady peng liyuan on friday .  the two women have several activities planned .  mrs. obama wo n't be talking politics during her week-long visit to three chinese cities .  her mother and her two daughters are also joining the tri .
 from figure of fun to major champion : jason dufner wins pga <sec> jason dufner celebrates his first ever major title with success at u.s. pga championship .  dufner says he might celebrate by doing a spot of 'dufnering ' pose with his trophy .  the 36-year-old was teased by fellow pros for falling asleep on a school visit in dallas .  dufner insists his first major victory wo n't change him one bit as a perso .
 administration launches campaign against counterfeit goods <sec> series of catchy ads and psas focus on victims of intellectual property crimes .  the majority of the `` knockoff '' products originate in china , officials say .  crimes affect jobs , innovation and consumer safety , attorney general say .
 panetta concerned about doctor who helped in bin laden raid <sec> defense chief leon panetta talks about the osama bin laden raid on `` 60 minutes '' .  he says the doctor who helped get evidence should be released .  the pakistanis accused shakeel afridi of treason .  panetta says the pakistanis must have known bin laden was hiding ou .
 ap stylebook adds 42 new guidelines for social media <sec> the ap has also defined a number of acronyms that are commonly used in texting .  according to the ap pos stands for `` parent over shoulder '' .  the full 2010 ap stylebook was released wednesda .
 california farm recalls lettuce over contamination concerns <sec> chopped and shredded romaine lettuce is recalled over contamination concerns , the fda says .  the recall involves the same bacteria that caused 13 deaths from tainted cantaloupes .  no illnesses have been reported from the lettuce , the fda say .
 can democrats and republicans work together after the election ? <sec> the two parties may have different takes on being bipartisan .  republicans say obama and democrats must ease their liberal agenda .  democrats question if republicans are open to any compromis .
 ronaldo in clear over high-speed car smash <sec> manchester police will not take action over cristiano ronaldo car crash .  ronaldo wrote off his ferrari as he drove to training on january 8 .  no other vehicles were involved and ronaldo escaped injur .
 van der sloot back in peruvian court to face murder charge <sec> joran van der sloot is charged with murdering a woman in a lima hotel room .  last week , his lawyer said van der sloot would plead guilty and make a `` sincere confession '' .  instead , he voiced doubt about the charge and was granted more time to `` reflect '' .  he is expected to make a decision wednesday , which will determine what happens nex .
 tsonga sends nadal tumbling out of finals <sec> jo-wilfried tsonga beats world no . .  2 rafael nadal in decisive group b clash .  frenchman claims semifinal place alongside group winner roger federer .  defending champion federer earlier defeated american no . .  8 mardy fish .  world no . .  1 novak djokovic will seek to earn a last-four place on frida .
 group : nearly 1,000 killed over 2 days in central african republic <sec> new : human rights watch report documents surge in violence around the northern town of bossangoa .  amnesty international says war crimes and crimes against humanity are being committed .  amnesty international calls for the deployment of a `` robust '' u.n. peacekeeping force .  the violence is fueling `` enormous anger , hostility and mistrust , '' says one exper .
 7,000-year-old mesolithic male , blue eyes , dark skin , likes hunting .. <sec> remains of two people from mesolithic period were found in spain in 2006 .  scientists analyze one of their genomes , found he had blue eyes and dark skin .  la brana 1 's closest modern descendants , in genetic terms , live in northern europe .  scientists plan to analyze second individual 's remains , which less well preserve .
 senate rejects law on carrying concealed weapons <sec> senate turns down proposal to make permits valid despite differing laws .  foes said it would force states to honor laws in more gun-permissive states .  first significant defeat for the gun lobb .
 cnn student news - january 14 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 new date set for trial in colorado theater shooting <sec> a judge rules that jury selection will begin on january 20 .  the movie theater shooting trial has been delayed several times .  james holmes is accused of killing 12 people in a shooting rampage in aurora , colorad .
 did you remember to set clock back ? <sec> at 2 a.m. sunday , clocks reset for most americans .  devised by benjamin franklin , daylight saving took hold in the u.s. last centur .
 2 mexican politicians sought ; drug cartel link alleged <sec> julio cesar godoy toscano , saul solis solis alleged to belong to cartel .  familia michoacana blamed for killing more than 30 federal police officers recently .  michoacan has become a flash point for mexico 's war against cartels .  gangs blamed in attacks on police installations in at least six michoacan citie .
 2 of 4 oklahoma jail shower escapees captured , sheriff says <sec> both men captured were `` very wet and dirty , '' sheriff says .  sheriff : inmates broke lock above shower to crawl space , then broke through wall .  it was the first escape from the 2-year-old caddo county jail .  three escapees convicted of meth charges ; fourth awaiting federal gun charge tria .
 britain 's brave , bold and risky experiment <sec> britain 's aggressive plan to cut its deficit is a bold but risky move , says fareed zakaria .  the coalition government has announced plans but they have n't gone into effect , he says .  zakaria : question is will it restore business confidence or cause recession .  he says gop should take note of how cameron is modernizing the conservative part .
 ajax player has heart attack during game <sec> ajax 's evander sno suffers a heart attack during a reserve match on monday .  sno has to be resuscitated three times following the incident .  he is now expected to stay in hospital for three week .
 perry 'squashed ' texas execution probe , ex-official says <sec> the former chairman of a state commission criticizes gov . .  rick perry .  bassett says the case is a window into rick perry 's leadership .  perry signed off on cameron todd willingham 's execution in 2004 .  arson experts say conviction was partly based on `` junk science .
 the wonder of michelle wie <sec> the 2009 solheim cup marked a turning point for wie .  michelle wie is currently 10th in the world golf rankings .  wie says the lpga will bounce back from a difficult yea .
 oldest human skeleton offers new clues to evolution <sec> researchers have unveiled a 4.4 million-year-old skeleton of a hominid female .  the fossil , nicknamed ardi , may be the oldest hominid skeleton ever found .  it replaces lucy , a much-publicized skeleton that dates back about 3 million years .  scientists : ardi suggests humans and chimps evolved from a common ancesto .
 elton john and david furnish are dads <sec> zachary jackson levon furnish-john was born on christmas day .  `` levon '' was a hit song for john in the early 1970s .  a surrogate had the bab .
 b-1 bomber burns after landing in qatar <sec> new : bomber burned after landing at al-udeid air base in qatar .  new : crew was able to evacuate aircraft safely , military says .  al-udeid air base has the military 's longest runway in the middle eas .
 bayern maintain perfect start with win over werder bremen <sec> bayern munich make it six wins from six games in bundesliga .  2-0 win away to werder bremen extends lead over frankfurt to five points .  borussia dortmund up to third after 5-0 rout of moenchengladbac .
 iran tests new surface-to-surface missile <sec> iran says it fired a sajil missile , which uses solid fuel and travels long distances .  missiles have range that can reach russia , greece and southern italy , iran says .  u.s. official : iran looking to increase sophistication of its missile program .  israel : `` it is now clear that the iranians are playing with fire .
 photobucket breach floods web with racy images <sec> some private photos on photobucket were improperly accessed and shared .  hackers using a practice known as `` fusking '' to gain access to images .  photobucket to start using scrambled urls to combat fusking .  `` social media sites just ca n't keep up '' with hackers , social media attorney say .
 police : nanny stabbed herself upon mother 's arrival <sec> new : nothing appeared amiss between the nanny and children , a resident says .  the mother returned home to find the crime scene in a bathroom .  the family vacationed with ortega in her native dominican republic .  the slain children were 2 and 6 years ol .
 manhunt under way for taliban who shot woman in public execution amid cheers <sec> afghan president hamid karzai orders arrests of those involved .  police are investigating the killing , the provincial governor says .  commander of nato troops offers assistance in the hunt for those involve .
 adrian peterson to be reinstated friday , nfl says <sec> adrian peterson had been suspended after pleading guilty to misdemeanor reckless assault .  nfl commissioner roger goodell requires him to keep going to counseling , other treatment .  minnesota vikings , 7-9 last season , say they look forward to him rejoining the tea .
 why is arizona threatened by mexican-american studies ? <sec> arizona judge rules for group trying to stop school district 's mexican-american studies .  ruben navarrette : latino-american population is growing ; it 's fair to teach its history .  arizona has approved a series of oppressive measures , he says , including immigration law .  these measures are championed by people afraid of changing demographics , he write .
 iran claims seizure of u.s. drone over persian gulf <sec> the u.s. navy has accounted for all its drones , a u.s. defense official says .  united states operates only in internationally recognized air space in the gulf , says source .  the drone was seized as it flew over the persian gulf , iranian state media says .  iran 's revolutionary guard says the drone was collecting dat .
 new york city seeks to ban big sodas from restaurants , food carts <sec> new : more than half of nyc adults are overweight , mayor bloomberg says .  new : `` this is something we think we have the legal authority to do , '' bloomberg says .  new yorkers are `` much smarter '' than health officials believe , coca-cola says .  industry spokesman : such drinks `` are a small and declining part of the american diet .
 and the winning numbers for largest powerball jackpot are ... <sec> new : saturday 's jackpot is a record $ 590.5 million .  powerball is played in 43 states and the district of columbia .  largest jackpot was $ 656 million in mega millions game in 201 .
 obama throws ceremonial first pitch at all-star game <sec> president obama throws opening pitch at all-stars game tuesday .  cincinnati mayor mark mallory got lots of attention for his embarrassing throw .  obama should `` turn the nervousness into positive adrenaline , '' scout advise .
 colleen mcedwards on balance awareness week <sec> colleen mcedwards finished a shift anchoring breaking news so dizzy she had to hold on to the wall to walk .  she was diagnosed with a vestibular disorder , something that affects about 70 million americans .  balance awareness week , from september 15-21 in the u.s. , hopes to raise awareness .  the awareness campaign is backed by the vestibular disorders associatio .
 'keep after 'em , ' widower tells hearing on arlington problems <sec> a house hearing focuses on problems at army-run arlington national cemetery .  congress was told last summer that cemetery may have more than 200 mismarked graves .  some lawmakers wonder if arlington 's control should go to department of veterans affairs .  a widower whose wife was buried in the wrong grave says va `` could n't do any worse .
 death toll climbs to 337 in china mudslides <sec> death toll increases to 337 .  premier wen jiabao urged rescuers to move quickly to find survivors .  about 1,100 people are missing .  heavy rains trigger landslides in the northwes .
 james dimaggio 's sister to piers morgan : hannah anderson was 'trouble ' <sec> lora dimaggio warned her brother about hannah anderson .  she doubts police account of what happened .  she says her brother was trying to protect hannah .  `` i do n't want to bash anyone , '' she say .
 lisa whelchel has west nile virus <sec> `` facts of life 's '' lisa whelchel has west nile virus .  the 49-year-old actress tweeted , `` dr. just called with blood test results ... i have west nile '' .  `` survivor : philippines '' wrapped its production in apri .
 mario matt ends slalom drought in val d'isere <sec> mario matt won his 14th world cup slalom when he beat the field in val d'isere .  he tied fellow austrian benny raich in slalom victories and won for the first time since 2011 .  americans ted ligety and bode miller did n't feature in the second run .  tessa worley won a giant slalom in st. moritz ahead of jessica lindell-vikarb .
 gop candidates tackle foreign policy , national security in latest debate <sec> cain and bachmann support waterboarding suspected terrorists .  candidates face questions over iran , `` arab spring '' .  perry seeks to regain his footing after an embarrassing mental lapse this wee .
 pregnant nurse : i was fired for refusing flu vaccine <sec> dreonna breton is a pregnant nurse who was working in lancaster , pennsylvania .  she says she was fired from her job when she rejected taking a flu vaccine .  it 's unconscionable for a health care worker not to be immunized , employer says .  breton , who says she 's had three miscarriages , fears vaccine could trigger anothe .
 japan plans to ease north korea sanctions after talks <sec> japan 's shinzo abe says he plans to `` reward an action with an action '' .  he plans to lift some sanctions after north korea agreed to investigate abductions .  north korean operatives kidnapped at least 17 japanese citizens in the '70s and '80s .  japan is expected to lift some of its unilateral sanctions but to keep multilateral one .
 strong earthquake hits iran near border with iraq <sec> new : 250 people are injured in two cities in western iran , state media report .  a local official tells state media that authorities expect to find heavy damage in rural areas .  water , electricity and phone lines have been cut off in abdanan .  the 6.2-magnitude quake struck at a depth of 10 kilometers , the usgs say .
 artists pay tribute to their favorite bob dylan songs <sec> `` like a rolling stone '' is a black eye of a pop song .  dylan achieved a perfect balance in `` rolling stone '' .  `` mr. tambourine man '' was the first time anyone put really good poetry on the radi .
 delta employees arrested , accused of drug smuggling <sec> ice says a suitcase stuffed with marijuana tipped off investigators .  authorities in detroit later intercepted 5 suitcases holding cocaine and marijuana .  two others who are not airline employees were also arrested .  delta says the employees have been suspended without pa .
 pot pies that get you baked , not burned <sec> new rules will make producers sell marijuana edibles in single-serving sizes in colorado .  they 're already making smaller servings at the sweet grass kitchen .  they 're also making pumpkin pot pi .
 business scams that failed miserably <sec> when a business scam fails , it tends to fail in rather grand fashion .  360 b.c . .  scam : sink ship and collect insurance on goods .  president grant foiled a gold speculation scam .  moving company founder goes to prison for bait-and-switch pricin .
 custer 's last flag : banner carried at little bighorn to be sold <sec> lakota , northern cheyenne warriors crushed custer 's 7th cavalry .  battle was part of campaign to secure gold in black hills .  flag was found beneath slain soldier and may be stained with blood .  bought by museum for $ 54 , likely to sell for million .
 mila kunis talks pregnancy , wants natural birth <sec> mila kunis has opened up about her pregnancy and engagement .  the actress talked about both on `` ellen '' .  she 's having a `` very stereotypical '' pregnanc .
 danish terror attacks all too familiar <sec> denmark has a long history of jihadist activism .  denmark has a large immigrant population from the muslim world .  as many as 70 danish nationals may have returned from syria to denmar .
 lockerbie : did someone else bomb pan am 103 ? <sec> convicted lockerbie abdelbeset ali mohmed al megrahi dies after cancer battle .  some of the victims ' families believe the libyan was not responsible for the bombing .  he was freed from prison in scotland in august , 2009 on compassionate grounds .  british pm david cameron says al megrahi should never have been release .
 26 dead in madagascar violence <sec> ban blames the `` tragedy '' on a `` lack of restraint on all sides '' .  26 dead , more than 80 wounded during an anti-government rally on saturday .  violence stems from a dispute over who is in charge of the government .  andry rajoelina , the mayor of antananarivo , declares himself madagascar 's leade .
 europe in ashes , africa an oasis : tv show puts immigration in reverse <sec> usoni is a futuristic tv production , made in kenya .  it is set in 2063 and tells the story of european refugees fleeing to africa .  by then , a string of catastrophes means africa is the only place where the sun is shining .  creator marc rigaudis wants usoni to be turned into a tv series , as well as a feature fil .
 king : lansing struggles with restructured gm <sec> general motors restructuring will eliminate jobs , two of its brands .  autoworker bristles at senators saying automakers should be allowed to go broke .  gm says it will eliminate 47,000 jobs worldwide in 2009 in restructuring .  saturn dealer says she 'll look for another brand of car to sell to stay in busines .
 snow , rain , flooding plague northeast united states <sec> up to 30 inches of snow fall on parts of the northeast .  heavy rain from the same storm causes flooding in connecticut .  more rain is forecast later in the wee .
 spain arrests 9 with suspected links to eta <sec> the government has said it will not ease up on eta despite ceasefire .  the nine are arrested in various northern regions .  they are alleged to be part of an outlawed group , eki .
 syria : how will year-old conflict play out ? <sec> protests across syria began on march 15 , 2011 after children 's arrest for graffiti .  opposition initially wanted reform ; now it wants regime out and democratic elections .  more than 8,000 people have been killed , including many women and children .  analysts say president al-assad is safe in short term but less so further ahea .
 saudi arabia issues warning to women drivers , protesters <sec> interior ministry says calls were n't meant as threats .  human rights groups call for an end to driving ban .  saudi interior ministry warns women not to drive , protesters not to demonstrate .  october 26th women 's driving campaign urges women to get behind whee .
 nasa 's new horizons wakes up for close-up with pluto <sec> new horizons awakens from its final hibernation .  the nasa space probe will visit pluto and its moons in july 2015 .  talk about a long journey -- new horizons has traveled nine years and 3 billion mile .
