 german president resigns over criticism of comments about military <sec> new : president 's resignation is first in country 's history .  new : koehler had been criticized for comments on military 's role .  he said comments were misinterpreted .  resignation was sudden and unexpecte .
 argentina 's president cristina fernandez to undergo surgery <sec> cristina fernandez de kirchner has a blood clot on the surface of her brain .  doctors say they decided to operate after she felt tingling in her left arm .  spokesman : the president suffered cranial trauma in augus .
 tunisian man dies after setting self on fire in unemployment protest <sec> the self-immolation of adel khodri , 27 , is similar to that of mohamed bouazizi .  bouazizi was credited for launching the arab spring protests with his fatal protest .  khodri 's death comes as the national constituent assembly votes on a new governmen .
 official : terrorists seek nuclear material , but lack ability to use it <sec> terrorists getting nuclear material bigger concern than threat of nuclear war .  al qaeda has been trying to get a nuclear weapon for 15 years , official says .  organized crime , criminal gangs also trying to get bomb-making material .
 massachusetts sen. ted kennedy dies after cancer battle <sec> new : president obama will deliver a eulogy at kennedy 's funeral saturday .  new : `` the extraordinary good that he did lives on , '' president obama says .  kennedy to be buried at arlington national cemetery , near his brothers .  kennedy played major role in civil and voting rights , health care refor .
 report : china relaxes birth restrictions in northwest after mudslide <sec> restrictions are eased so families that lost children can have more , xinhua says .  women are offered free operations to reverse birth-control procedures .  a mudslide last year in zhouqu county left more than 1,700 people dead or missing .  china enforces strict family planning controls to limit its population growt .
 man arraigned in 12-year-old missouri girl 's death <sec> adriaunna horton went missing last monday after climbing into a blue suv .  a state trooper arrested bobby bourne that night at a traffic stop .  he faces charges including kidnapping , rape , and murde .
 from teary-eyed teen to green jacket : scott 's masters triumph <sec> adam scott becomes first australian winner of the masters .  the new world no . .  3 beat argentina 's angel cabrera in a two-hole playoff .  scott watched on as greg norman collapsed to lose a six-stroke lead in 1996 .  scott threw away a four-shot lead over the final four holes of 2012 british ope .
 britain 's prince charles : 5 things to know <sec> prince charles and camilla , duchess of cornwall , are visiting the united states .  charles , an advocate of organic farming and traditional architecture , is heir to british thron .
 families of 9/11 victims push for final 28 - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the pages focus on the role of foreign governments in the plot .  `` they point a strong finger at saudi arabia , '' says bob graha .
 sources : saudi king revokes flogging of female driver <sec> amnesty international says a woman was sentenced to 10 lashes for driving .  women are barred from getting behind the wheel in saudi arabia .  the saudi king announced greater political participation for women this wee .
 no 'signs of trauma , ' but few other details on whitney houston 's death <sec> grammy host ll cool j lauds whitney houston 's `` beautiful spirit '' .  a coroner 's official says that whitney houston 's autopsy is complete .  she was found in a bathtub and cpr was n't successful , he says .  her daughter is taken to , and later released from , an l.a. hospita .
 chinese nobel prize winner 's wife detained <sec> new : liu xiaobo : `` this is for the martyrs of tiananmen square '' .  liu xia is not allowed to use her phone or leave her apartment , human rights group says .  she was able to tell her jailed husband he had won the nobel peace prize .  china blacked out cnn and the bbc as the prize was announce .
 black sea city aims to be 'las vegas of the caucasus ' <sec> batumi is georgian city on coast of the black sea .  investment in tourism and real estate is transforming the city .  casinos add an extra lure for potential tourists .  georgia 's president called it `` one of the darkest places in the world '' after end of uss .
 pakistani taliban leader arrested again , sources say <sec> adnan rashid had escaped from prison in 2012 .  he was there serving a sentence for planning an assassination attempt .  pakistani taliban says authorties are wrong ; rashid is still free .  rashid also notable for a letter he wrote to malala yousafzai after she was sho .
 nigeria 's president leads election vote <sec> incumbent goodluck jonathan is the front-runner .  his main challenger is former military ruler muhammadu buhari .  the voting was largely peaceful .  official results could be announced as early as monda .
 australia heads to court over whaling dispute with japan <sec> new : australian official says research possible without killing whales .  australia has filed suit with international court over japan 's whaling practices .  japan says decision to head to court `` regrettable '' .  international moratorium allows hunting whales for scientific reason .
 japan rejects apology on china boat row <sec> new : statement asserts japanese jurisdiction over disputed islands .  japan says china 's call for an apology is 'groundless ' .  detention of chinese captain sparked bitter row between china and japa .
 eye of the tiger on lindsey vonn at val d'isere olympic tune-up <sec> lindsey vonn continues her comeback in downhill race at val d'isere .  tiger woods says he is taking a break from golf to support his girlfriend 's comeback .  the golfer says of vonn : `` we see our sports through the same looking glass . '' .  vonn hopes to defend her olympic title at the 2014 winter game .
 man found in hot tub with arkansas weatherman asphyxiated <sec> dexter williams died of asphyxiation , medical examiner rules .  williams was found in a hot tub with local weatherman brett cummins .  police say there 's `` no indication ... there was a strangulation .
 tobacco firms sue fda on free speech grounds <sec> companies including philip morris and r.j. reynolds in suit alleging violation of free speech .  in march , the fda issued guidance about changes to tobacco product labels .  if significant changes are made to a product 's label , like color or a logo , the product requires new approva .
 serving up big business for men 's tennis <sec> atp world tour finals is the marquee event of men 's tennis .  season-ending tournament brings in 250,000 people over eight days .  event director says sponsorship has sold out , generating significant revenue .  atp happy for it to stay in london but decision to be made in 201 .
 china machado : the woman signed as a model at 81 <sec> 81-year-old grandmother signs to agency that also represents supermodels including gisele .  recent work includes shoots for new york magazine , vogue and harper 's bazaar .  once a muse of photographer richard avedon , machado had n't modeled for 20 year .
 caroline kennedy wants clinton 's senate seat , senator says <sec> new : sen. schumer says kennedy is `` clearly interested , '' one of 12 candidates .  kennedy 's interest in the seat could mean the continuation of a family legacy .  gov . .  david paterson can appoint replacement who will face special election in 2010 .  kennedy is the daughter of former president john f. kenned .
 yemeni opposition forms council to take power <sec> new : the council is expected to pick a president and executive committee soon .  the group will be called the national revolution council .  the president has been urged to step down in an orderly transitio .
 james gibson : the man who saved manchester united -- twice <sec> james gibson is the man credited with saving manchester united from financial ruin .  club was heading for extinction in 1931 before gibson emerged as a benefactor .  rebuilt old trafford after stadium was damaged during nazi raids in world war two .  appointed matt busby as manager , the man who brought glory to the club on the pitc .
 help for wildfire evacuees and first responders <sec> hot , dry conditions are fueling large wildfires in several western states .  thousands of people have been forced to evacuate their homes .  relief organizations are providing food , shelter and support for evacuees and pets .  you can help those affected by volunteering or making a material or monetary donatio .
 former israeli president starts 7-year prison sentence <sec> moshe katsav enters prison after being convicted last year of rape and other sexual offenses .  he continues to insist the evidence against him was flawed as he leaves his home .  he will be kept in a cell block for prisoners who are observant jews .  katsav , of the center-right likud party , was president of israel from 2000 to 200 .
 meet the mystery man behind `` drive '' <sec> author james sallis 's 2005 noir classic , `` drive , '' arrives on the big screen this week .  his latest , `` the killer is dying , '' involves three strangers who unwittingly cross paths in phoenix .  sallis has written more than two dozen volumes of fiction , poetry , essays , criticism & biograph .
 4 florida a & m ; band members arrested , accused of hazing <sec> new : the band director 's attorney again calls for reinstatement .  the arrests are not related to the november hazing death of robert champion .  they four students are charged with hazing those who wanted to join a clarinet group .  the college is looking into how best to address hazing problem .
 death cab for cutie kick off orchestral tour in denver <sec> death cab for cutie is collaborating with san francisco 's magik*magik orchestra .  the tour is a a 22-date jaunt .  the string octet is supporting the band for the entirety of the tou .
 spain 's catalonia bans bullfighting <sec> new : vote supporters celebrate outside parliament .  catalonia is the first spanish mainland region to ban bullfighting .  its parliament votes to outlaw it on animal cruelty grounds .  bullfighting is an ancient tradition in spai .
 arkansas recruiting center killing suspect : 'this was a jihadi attack ' <sec> attorney : man suspected in 2009 recruiting center shooting writes to judge , pleads guilty .  in letter , abdul hakim muhammad claims to have ties to al qaeda in yemen .  muhammad accused of killing soldier , wounding another on june 1 in little rock , arkansa .
 supreme court justice ginsburg hospitalized <sec> ruth bader ginsburg feels faint , light-headed and fatigued about 4:50 p.m . .  the 76-year-old supreme court justice had treatment for iron deficiency hour earlier .  she 's sent to washington hospital center as a precaution at about 7:45 p.m .
 boat of plastic to set sail with environmental message <sec> boat made primarily from recycled plastic bottles set to sail pacific ocean .  organizers of voyage aim to spotlight dumping of plastics , other pollutants .  solar panels , wind turbines , recumbent bicycles will power the vesse .
 the youth minister who mentored hillary clinton <sec> don jones landed in conservative park ridge , illinois , in the early 1960s with a purpose .  he wanted to open the eyes of its young people , and young hillary rodham responded .  she mentions martin luther king jr. as an inspiration , but jones impacted her for decades .  he died in 2009 , but she remembers his counsel as she contemplates another white house ru .
 fast-moving wildfire in southern california grows , driven by wind <sec> new : mandatory evacuations lifted for nearly 1,700 homes .  new : more than 700 firefighters and 55 engines are battling the blaze .  at least one building has been damaged , fire officials say .  national weather service had issued a fire warnin .
 will broadway 's 'spider-man ' break through its tangled web ? <sec> getting the production to opening night has cost an estimated $ 80 million .  musical collaborators are u2 bandmates bono and the edge .  they have added several new songs , while rewriting a few others .  the show must gross more than $ 1 million a week to meet cost .
 from military device to life-saving surgery tool <sec> perfect mirror is used to simplify and expand use of minimally invasive laser surgery .  some surgeons say new tool is easier to use than a scalpel and safer for patients .  senior neurosurgeon saw patient with brain tumor recover in three days .  company plans to market fiber optic tool beyond the u.s. to europe and asi .
 improvements seen four years after the indian ocean tsunami <sec> the devastation of the 2004 tsunami stretched across the indian ocean .  hundreds of thousands left homeless , and poor and isolated communities worse off .  humanitarian groups have helped rebuild schools , homes , and get people working .  groups say long-term improvement of water and sanitation is critica .
 mexico to texas : do n't execute edgar tamayo arias <sec> defense attorneys are expected to present oral arguments tuesday .  edgar tamayo arias is scheduled to be executed in texas on wednesday .  mexico 's government says the execution would violate international law .  tamayo was convicted in the 1994 killing of a houston police office .
 adam levine marries behati prinsloo in mexico <sec> adam levine and behati prinsloo reportedly wed saturday .  the couple is said to have tied the knot in mexico .  they began dating in 2012 and officially announced their engagement in jul .
 americana afloat : 8 ways to cruise the usa <sec> for a european feel with no passport required , consider a river cruise in the u.s . .  board a paddlewheel riverboat that travels between memphis , tennessee , and new orleans .  or explore the pacific northwest aboard the new american empres .
 opinion : behind the slide in obama 's poll numbers <sec> president obama 's numbers have taken a hit , according to a new poll .  gloria borger says the president must wonder how he got into this predicament .  obama decided to largely back bush 's surveillance policies , she says .  borger : obama should lead the debate over security rather than just listen to i .
 after nearly 200 years , mexico may make the name official <sec> in 1821 , the country was officially dubbed the `` united mexican states '' .  its leaders were inspired by the american independence movement .  outgoing mexican president felipe calderon has proposed making it just `` mexico .
 'the killing ' final season gets netflix release date <sec> the series will return august 1 .  there are only six episodes .  `` the killing '' has been canceled twic .
 fighting federer pulls off 'brutal ' escape at wimbledon <sec> world no . .  3 roger federer survives big scare against julien benneteau at wimbledon .  swiss star comes from two sets down against the frenchman to reach the fourth round .  six-time wimbledon winner will next play another veteran in belgium 's xavier malisse .  he is on course for a semifinal showdown with defending champion novak djokovi .
 can canned goods stop school shooters ? <sec> alabama students were asked to bring canned goods for school security .  cans or other heavy items could be used to fight school shooters .  it 's part of a larger school district plan to empower student .
 messi stars as barca reach semifinals <sec> barcelona beat milan 3-1 to secure a champions league semifinal spot .  lionel messi scores two penalties to set up a tie against chelsea or benfica .  the spot kicks help messi pass 50 goals in the top european competition .  bayern munich also ease into the semis with a 2-0 victory over marseill .
 salt lake beat l.a. galaxy to mls title <sec> galaxy strike first , with mike magee scoring in the 41st minute .  robbie findley nets real salt lake 's only goal as games ends 1-1 .  beckham scores in shootout but galaxy lose 5-4 .  beckham is due to return to ac milan in january on loa .
 lamkin : we must heal the heart of america ( opinion ) <sec> the people of ferguson are grieving , the rev . .  renita lamkin says .  missouri is heart of america , and america 's heart is broken , she says .  the answer to a broken heart is not found in calling for more force , lamkin say .
 world cup : colombia through to knockout stages <sec> colombia beat ivory coast 2-1 in group c match at brasilia 's estadio nacional .  james rodriguez puts los cafeteros ahead in 64th minute with a header from a corner .  juan quintero doubles lead six minutes later before gervinho halved deficit .  greece and japan play out 0-0 draw in nata .
 blind golfer looks to ryder cup future <sec> vietnam veteran bob andrews is keen to revive a ryder cup for blind golfers .  blind golfers usually have a sighted coach who advises them on shots .  there are relatively few differences between blind golf and conventional golf .  english blind golfer tony shearman would also welcome a return of the even .
 wall street protests swell in new york , boston <sec> new : `` people are stealing from the middle class , '' a protester says .  new : bloomberg says he does n't understand what the picketing is intended to achieve .  new : he says authorities will defend protesters ' right to demonstrate .  new : the new york securities sector could lose 10,000 jobs by 2012 year , report say .
 new species celebrated amid warnings of biodiversity loss <sec> top 10 new species list includes frogfish , golden orb spider , bug-eating slugs .  coincides with international day of biodiversity being marked in 11 countries .  united nations says not enough is being done to reduce rate of biodiversity loss .  unep report found animal populations have dropped 30 percent since 197 .
 china : li hao executed in sex slave dungeon case <sec> chinese man executed for keeping six women as sex slaves and killing two of them .  li hao convicted of murder , rape , illegal detention , prostitution and making pornography .  36-year old dug the dungeon in the basement of a residential compound .  li met with relatives before being execute .
 florida sheriff 's detectives ask court to bill casey anthony $ 293,123 <sec> new : a court hearing on whether to bill casey anthony is rescheduled to september 2 .  the sheriff 's office spent $ 293,123 investigating caylee anthony 's disappearance .  that figure counts only detective work ; the cost of other deputies ' work is n't included .  prosecutors want casey anthony to pay the cost and those of other law agencie .
 2022 world cup city rises in the desert <sec> lusail is an ambitious planned city rising along the persian gulf in qatar .  its infrastructure will be run by computers , making lusail a `` smart '' city .  a lusail stadium is expected to host the final game of the 2022 world cup .  but fifa is under pressure to move the event to another countr .
 walter scott shooting inspires protest art <sec> the walter scott shooting inspired a local artist to create artwork .  phillip hyman crafted the angel-winged artwork in the middle of the night .  protesters from the black lives matter movement have started using it as his symbo .
 hitchhiking robot is halfway across canada <sec> a talking robot is hitchhiking west from halifax , nova scotia , to victoria , british columbia .  called hitchbot , it uses artificial intelligence and speech software to communicate .  it relies on human drivers to ferry it from place to place .  as of friday the robot had reached toront .
 should we pay people to stop smoking ? <sec> jody sindelar says paying medicaid recipients to quit could save taxpayers money .  she says medicaid recipients smoke more than rest of population , can afford it less .  she says tobacco-related disease costs medicaie $ 22 billion a year ; incentives can help .  sindelar : challenge in structuring such a program ; some states are experimenting no .
 f1 : lewis hamilton snatches pole at singapore grand prix <sec> lewis hamilton claims pole position for sunday 's singapore grand prix .  mercedes driver will start first on grid for second successive race .  englishman heads off championship leader nico rosberg with final lap .  red bull 's daniel ricciardo and sebastian vettel will be on second ro .
 family : injured 'spider-man ' actor set for release from rehab facility <sec> his father says the family plans a belated christmas celebration .  christopher tierney can not wait to return to the broadway show , his father says .  he says his son is up and walkin .
 riot police confront protesters in tehran , witnesses say <sec> new : interior ministry will release box-by-box ballot details , press tv reports .  basij militia smack batons against shin guards as protesters pass through square .  helicopters hover as thousands play cat and mouse with police , witnesses say .  at least 8 reported arrested , but no reports of serious injurie .
