 texas warns of travel to mexican border town for the fourth <sec> new : mexico officials say they are not on heightened alert .  tourism to nuevo laredo has been on the decline because of violence .  the zetas drug cartel is planning to target u.s. citizens , officials say .  nuevo laredo , mexico is across the border from laredo , texa .
 two suspected suicides confirmed at cornell ; total now at six <sec> rash of cases has rocked the ivy league school in central new york state .  medical examiner : office has been in touch with families of latest suicide victims .  school has been praised by psychologists for its openness about the suicides .  cornell mental health chief says cause of the wave of suicides is unclea .
 tumor paint : changing the way surgeons fight cancer <sec> tumor paint illuminates cancer cells , helping distinguish them from healthy tissue .  human clinical trials will begin in cancer patients in australia this year .  dr. jim olson recently launched project violet to identify more drugs from natur .
 feds investigating drug raid on small-town mayor 's home <sec> new : police chief expresses regret for raid .  mayor 's two dogs were shot and killed during raid .  wife of berwyn heights , maryland , mayor sent package containing marijuana .  scheme designed to intercept packages sent to unsuspecting recipients , police sa .
 'castle ' and beckett : best chemistry on tv ? <sec> `` castle '' fans have hoped to see a romance between richard castle and kate beckett .  the lighthearted show has struck a chord in a dark tv landscape .  creators are working on the show 's 100th episod .
 chicago teachers vote to return to work <sec> union leader says mayor `` had an education agenda he wanted to ram down our throats '' .  union says teachers , support staff will return to work on wednesday .  a tentative contract agreement was reached sunday .  rank and file still need to vote on the new dea .
 only the facts : ebola experimental drugs <sec> there is no approved or scientifically proven treatment for ebola , and no vaccine .  `` vaccine '' and `` treatment '' are not interchangeable terms .  there are several experimental drugs in development .  several potential treatments have been tested in primate .
 china investigating protesters ' hassling of u.s. ambassador 's car <sec> the u.s. says it has expressed concern to the chinese authorities .  china says it is investigating what it describes as an `` isolated case '' .  about 50 protesters gathered around the car , some throwing objects .  the incident took place amid anti-japanese protests in chin .
 drug war death toll in mexico since 2006 exceeds 28,000 , official says <sec> the new tallies were revealed at a summit called by president felipe calderon .  at the same time , residents in reynosa reported gunfights and chaos .  authorities also have engaged drug gangs more than 950 times since 2006 .  mexican president calderon said the death toll stood at nearly 23,000 in apri .
 taliban attack outside kabul airport ends <sec> new : six taliban insurgents die in the attack .  new : the were no casualties among afghan special forces or civilains .  the insurgents use heavy and light weaponry .  the attack took place around 4:30 a.m. local tim .
 pirelli ceo : europe must change austerity policies <sec> pirelli employs 34,000 people worldwide and is expanding in emerging markets .  pirelli started life as a family-run business and flourished into the world 's fifth-largest tyre maker .  the company is based in the northern italian city of milan and invests heavily in r & .
 stunning blue hue as algae lights up hong kong <sec> image shows striking blue algae bloom near hong kong shoreline .  commonly known as `` sea sparkle , '' the algae is not in itself considered harmful .  however , algae bloom is a sign of a troubled ecosystem , marine experts sa .
 parts unknown in iran <sec> anthony bourdain explores an iran few americans have visited since the 1980s .  `` what we saw , what we came back with , is a deeply confusing story , '' he says .  there 's a stark difference in impressions of the people versus the governmen .
 cnn abu dhabi marks official opening with premiere of 'prism ' <sec> cnn opens abu dhabi production center and newsgathering hub today .  abu dhabi is the latest newsgathering expansion for the network .  the state-of-the-art production center will co-ordinate cnn 's middle east newsgathering .  center will be home to `` prism , '' cnn 's first ever daily live news show from the region .
 hong kong fights to find space for the dead <sec> hong kong running out of space for burials and even places to store cremated remains .  private columbaria - places where ashes are stored - have sprung up but many are illegal .  the government is seeking to control the unregulated , but highly lucrative , industry .  a chinese culture of ancestor veneration means few are willing to have the ashes of relatives scattere .
 cnn student news - november 4 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 analysis : what is a hung parliament ? <sec> a `` hung parliament '' is when no party has the minimum number of seats to enjoy a governing majority .  the uk last saw a hung parliament in 1974 , which saw two elections in the same year .  many european countries regularly produce minority or coalition governments .  there has been agitation in some financial circles about the possibility of a hung parliamen .
 apocalyptic 'knowing ' hits anxious chord <sec> `` knowing '' was weekend 's no . .  1 film .  apocalyptic thriller stars nicolas cage as professor who sees clues in numbers .  film taps into themes of religion , spirituality , end-times concerns , say maker .
 knee alert : the danger signs for the average golfer <sec> leading u.s. orthopedic surgeon warns golfers about knee problems .  dr.nicholas dinibule says the average golfer could do with losing weight to lessen pressure on knee .  arthritis after a torn meniscus a very common problem he says .  dinibule believes tiger woods has arthritis after his acl tear in his left kne .
 barcelona fc backs bid to send one million e-books to africa <sec> football giant fc barcelona is supporting a project to distribute 1 million e-books in africa .  the project will see e-readers given to children in ghana , kenya , uganda and rwanda .  it is believed the devices encourage literacy by providing students access to more titles .  younger students in an e-reader pilot project in ghana performed better in reading test .
 asiana flight 214 was traveling slower than recommended on landing <sec> new : `` too early to conclude pilot error , '' ntsb chief says .  the agency is also looking to see if the plane 's computer was handling landing .  saturday marked the pilot 's first time landing a boeing 777 at the san francisco airpor .
 islamic militants seize somali city <sec> group al-shabab is affiliated with al qaeda , according to the u.s . .  clashes between rebels and government killed 103 , wounded 420 , officials say .  al-shabab recently said it has been successful at recruiting more member .
 michigan man claims he was n.y. boy who vanished in 1955 <sec> unnamed michigan man says he was toddler who went missing in 1955 .  2-year-old steven damman vanished from in front of a long island , new york , bakery .  toddler 's father : `` you never give up hope , [ but ] things dim after all those years '' .  the fbi is conducting dna testing , says nassau county police detectiv .
 obsessions : when a tv show overstays its welcome <sec> `` seinfeld '' and `` friends '' coasted past 100 episodes , leaving fans wanting more .  `` gossip girl 's '' 100th episode aired on monday , attracting about 1.4 million viewers .  source : if budding stars lively and meester ca n't deliver ratings , there 's a proble .
 8 places every american should see <sec> budget travel names eight don't-miss american sights .  monticello , yellowstone national park and graceland make the list .  editors also considered the golden gate bridge , the grand canyon and mor .
 chelsea earn barcelona clash ; real madrid ease past cypriot minnows <sec> chelsea beat 10-man benfica 2-1 at stamford bridge .  chelsea go through 3-1 on aggregate to meet barcelona in last four .  benfica 's maxi pereira sent off just before halftime for second yellow card .  real madrid beat apoel nicosia 5-2 to go through 8-2 on aggregat .
 university of minnesota football coach has seizure , is stable <sec> gophers coach jerry kill suffers a seizure during a game .  he has a history of seizures , the team doctor says .  the doctor says dehydration and heat could have played a rol .
 adele and gotye top mid-year sales charts for albums , digital singles <sec> midway through 2012 , adele and gotye are reigning on the charts .  `` 21 '' is the first time the same record has been the top seller in the first halves of any two years .  gotye 's `` somebody that i used to know , '' has a digital sales figure of 5.50 million for the yea .
 boehner says obama health plan on the block after gop wins <sec> obama says voters have n't felt benefits of his policies .  democrat bennet is the projected winner in the colorado senate race .  mcconnell says obama should move `` in our direction '' .  democrats battered by poor economy , energized conservative .
 i am : black in america <sec> `` i am '' is built on the belief that the labels we use for others , do n't reveal who we are .  meet four african americans who challenge conventional notions of blackness .  cnn presents : black in america airs july 23 and 24 , at 9 p.m. e .
 pakistan foils suicide terror plot , minister says <sec> new : suicide bomber in northwestern pakistan kills at least three , authorities say .  new : suspect blew himself up after running out of bullets in gunfight , police say .  pakistani authorities say they stopped plot on government buildings .  three men plotted to carry out attacks , says interior minister rehman mali .
 a personal look at life in the congo <sec> photographer leonard pongo documented daily life in the democratic republic of the congo .  the african country has struggled over the years with civil war and election violenc .
 a brighter future : five ideas for solar energy <sec> perovskite is a new wonder material used to make cheap and efficient solar cells .  new , self-cooling solar cells could overcome the challenges of overheating .  regular windows could produce electricity by using a new , transparent solar cell technology .  old car batteries could be recycled into solar cell .
 taliban push robin hood image in pakistan <sec> amnesty international : taliban first targets unpopular landlords , bureaucrats .  taliban spokesman in swat valley calls pakistani government as `` un-islamic '' .  islamabad 's faisal mosque surrounded by posh villas of pakistan 's ruling elite .  imran khan : battle shaping up as one `` between the 'haves ' and the 'have-nots ' .
 china blames vietnam for rising tensions over disputed sea <sec> china and vietnam are at odds over the south china sea .  six countries claim the sea in whole or in part .  the united states says it is neutral but has offered to mediate .  china rejects foreign intervention , but vietnam has welcomed i .
 merkel urges greece to resolve political instability <sec> new : greece says merkel has raised the possibility of a referendum on the eurozone .  new : merkel 's government denies the statement .  greece is holding fresh elections next month after a first vote failed to produce a government .  ratings agency fitch has cut greece 's credit rating amid concerns about its futur .
 sterling pulls support of clippers sale ; to proceed with suit <sec> from the onset , i did not want to sell the los angeles clippers , '' sterling writes .  earlier , sterling had agreed to the sale of the clippers to ex-microsoft ceo steve ballmer .  nba commissioner : `` he 's unsold his club several times over the years '' .  sterling has filed a $ 1b suit against the nba because it banned him for life and forced him to sel .
 florida intent on denying people the right to vote <sec> florida is purging of its voting rolls in an effort to keep u.s. noncitizens from voting .  martin : gov . .  rick scott created another mess that could have been avoided .  according to scott , potentially 182,000 voters on the rolls are noncitizens .  justice department weighs in , asks why change comes 90 days before electio .
 baghdad bombers target soccer celebrations , killing at least 50 <sec> new : u.s. general says troops will be needed in northern iraq into 2009 .  death toll from car bombs rises to 50 as thousands celebrate soccer win .  u.s. soldier dies of `` non-battle related '' causes , military says .  u.s.-led coalition raids in three cities detain 20 suspected terrorists , u.s. say .
 whitney houston 's daughter hospitalized <sec> bobbi kristina brown has been placed in a medically induced coma , a source says .  daughter of singer whitney houston was found in a bathtub full of water , police say .  her mother died after being found in a tub at a california hotel in 201 .
 cnn student news - january 23 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 u.s. official : russia 's attack on georgia is 'disproportionate ' <sec> russia strikes signal a `` dangerous escalation in the crisis , '' official says .  official : russia is probably trying to kill georgia 's chances of joining nato .  u.s. has told georgia that it has no chance of winning a war with russia .  european allies have said russia has `` crossed a line of unacceptable behavior . .
 readers : children learn attitudes about race at home <sec> more than 4,500 cnn.com users comment on story on children and race .  new study shows black and white children are biased toward lighter skin .  one user says parents are the biggest influence .  some users suggest results should be questione .
 the best , worst movies of 2011 <sec> movies have been thoroughly infantilized over the years , tom charity says .  charity : like `` the artist , '' `` hugo '' resurrects a bygone era of cinema .  heavyweight filmmakers such as martin scorsese , steven spielberg embrace 3- .
 man accused in aruba disappearance sued over $ 1.5 million policy <sec> company says giordano does not have a right to collect on $ 1.5 million policy .  giordano was detained in the disappearance of the woman on whom he had a life insurance policy .  he was released after being detained for about four month .
 andrea sneiderman trial : did infidelity lead to murder ? <sec> andrea sneiderman is set to go on trial soon in her husband 's shooting death .  hemy neuman has been convicted of pulling the trigger ; she is accused of being in on it .  a psychiatrist says the e-mails between the two shed light on the subjec .
 massachusetts court says 'upskirt ' photos are legal <sec> massachusetts ' high court says `` upskirting '' photos are legal .  michael robertson was arrested after police used a female officer as a decoy .  suffolk county district attorney urges rewriting of state la .
 omega-3s linked to higher risk of cancer <sec> fish oils found in salmon , trout and tuna are associated with a lower risk of heart disease .  nutrients commonly found in fish may also increase oxidative damage to the dna in cells .  supplements contain between 30 % to 60 % of a serving of fish .  the american cancer society says supplements may provide only partial benefit .
 billy graham 's son visits north korea <sec> the rev . .  franklin graham makes third trip to north korea .  graham aims for better ties between north korea and u.s. , news agency says .  son of evangelist billy graham to meet with top officials , visit medical facilities .  franklin graham also set to travel to chin .
 st. pauli makes mark against homophobia <sec> german team st. pauli to fly rainbow flag in recognition of the gay community .  american robbie rogers was the first openly gay male athlete to play in a u.s. pro match .  rogers returned to soccer after retiring and announcing he was gay in februar .
 sub saves ahly in first leg of african final <sec> first leg of african champions league final ends in 1-1 draw in egypt .  titleholders esperance take the lead through defender waleed hichri .  substitute striker el-sayed hamdy equalizes late ahead of trip to tunisia .  match was played in alexandria not ahly 's cairo ground due to ongoing security fear .
 'it 's a police thing ' -- nearby cops move in , give newtown officers christmas off <sec> newtown police have worked nonstop since the sandy hook school shooting .  officers from neighboring towns have come in to help .  on christmas day , neighboring officers will patrol the entire community .  newtown police officers will have christmas day at home with their familie .
 family says pennsylvania boy kidnapped by father in egypt <sec> an embassy official in egypt says u.s. authorities are working with the boy 's mother .  `` the family is very stressed . .  we have no idea where nikko is , '' an aunt says .  the boy was in egypt to spend time with his egyptian father 's famil .
 barbara bush has heart surgery in houston <sec> barbara bush undergoes heart surgery in houston , texas , hospital .  spokeswoman for bush family says she 's awake , fine after 2 1/2 surgery .  surgery a precautionary step after doctors found hardening on one part of her aorta .  she 's expected to remain in the hospital for seven to 10 day .
 santorum 's decision came down to odds and his daughter <sec> santorum made his decision after evaluating the race with his family .  campaign hoped that texas would become a winner-take-all state .  santorum also wanted gingrich out of race , but he shows no sign of quitting .  financial issues also played a role in santorum 's decisio .
 blake mycoskie : sole ambition <sec> entrepreneur blake mycoskie is blending philanthropy with business .  he is the designer and self-titled `` chief shoe giver '' at toms shoes .  his company gives away a pair of shoes for every pair it sells .  toms expects to donate 200,000 pairs of shoes to children in need this yea .
 7 world markets to see before you buy <sec> these one-of-a-kind markets around the world offer unique buys and bargains .  2,500 vendors gather every month at the rose bowl flea market in l.a . .  the aalsmeer flower auction is the world 's largest with 20 million flowers .  the mercado de sonora has been called `` the walmart of the witch world .
 microsoft secures 'xbox 8 ' name <sec> microsoft secures web addresses for `` xbox 8 '' .  a chinese cybersquatter had grabbed that domain and others .  some wonder whether xbox 8 is the name of the next console .  with windows 8 on the way , the name could suggest a connectio .
 shoe-throwing monument removed from iraqi orphanage <sec> provincial governor says government facilities ca n't be used for politics .  huge sculpture of shoe thrown at former president bush was at orphanage .  orphans helped artist build the $ 5,000 sculptur .
 resilience rebuilds philippines after typhoon haiyan <sec> spirit of filipinos remains strong one year after typhoon made landfall november 8 , 2013 .  typhoon haiyan is one of strongest cyclones ever recorded .  more than 6,000 people were killed , whole villages swept away by wind , water .  storm surges flooded low-lying coastal regions , destroying homes and businesse .
 air passenger charged after bullet primer caps ignite <sec> man arrested after bag ignites on miami tarmac .  hundreds of bullet primer caps were packed together .  no one was injured on flight from bosto .
 opinion : fda oversight of e-cigarettes overdue <sec> harold wimmer : new york city was right to ban the use of e-cigarettes indoors .  wimmer : industry has free rein to promote e-cigarettes as `` safe '' without proof .  report shows that e-cigarettes are reaching our children with alarming success , he says .  wimmer : the fda should regulate e-cigarettes and find out what chemicals they contai .
 why the environment is a latino issue <sec> maria cardona says obama 's committment to environment resonates wtih latinos .  she says jobs and clean energy are linked for latinos , whose unemployment is high .  she says pollution important issue to latino mothers , who often live in poor communities .  cardona : ask yourself : which politicians are protecting the environment and public health .
 how u.s. can once again define the future <sec> patrick doherty : fiscal cliff , doha climate talks a reminder of challenges that u.s. faces .  he says there 's big opportunity too , if u.s. harnesses strengths to demographic shifts .  smart responses to ongoing economic recovery , climate and infrastructure stresses crucial .  doherty : if u.s. views these challenges coherently , it can once again lead in 21st centur .
