 secret stories of wwii spies revealed <sec> national archives releases personnel records from cia 's predecessor on thursday .  barbara podoski , 94 , one of many who worked for office of strategic services in wwii .  podoski received a bronze star for her interrogation work , but had to keep it secret .  records reveal chef julia child worked as spy for os .
 india win series after record run chase <sec> india defeat sri lanka by seven wickets to win the fourth one-day international in kolkata .  the hosts make 317-3 to complete the highest-ever one-day run chase at the famous eden gardens ground .  gautam gambhir scores 150 not out as india claims a 3-1 series win with one match to pla .
 lapd : officers who shot 2 women during dorner manhunt violated policy <sec> `` i have a very high standard for the application of deadly force , '' police chief charlie beck says .  discipline for the eight officers could range from retraining up to termination .  emma hernandez was shot in the back and margie carranza was injured by broken glass .  ex-officer christopher dorner declared war on police after being fired by the lap .
 reports : maddie taken by pedophile ring <sec> portuguese police case file reveal more leads in madeleine mccann disappearance .  email from british police suggests madeleine taken by pedophile ring .  ring followed three-year-old girl before snatching her , reports clai .
 iphone celebrates fifth birthday -- how has it changed ? <sec> the original iphone launched on at & t with a handful of apple-created apps .  apple 's second generation iphone debuted in the summer of 2008 .  the iphone 3gs was primarily an incremental improvement over the 3 .
 more and more americans want pot legal <sec> david nathan wrote op-ed from doctor 's point of view , urging pot be legal for adults .  nathan : positive response was overwhelming , attitudes to pot are changing fast .  nathan says pot might be bad for people with emotional problems and for children .  he says legal pot would bring in tax money , reduce cost and damage of jailing user .
 opinion : is bieber getting out of control ? <sec> justin bieber and his entourage smoked pot a charter plane , says police report .  robert mark : bieber has been getting in trouble lately , but this is getting out of line .  he says smoking marijuana on a flight could potentially have serious consequences .  mark : thank goodness the pilots landed safely , but bieber 's behavior was risk .
 5 ways the internet welcomed hillary clinton to twitter <sec> hillary clinton sent out her first twitter missive on monday .  clinton nodded to the `` texts from hillary '' meme in her inaugural tweet .  clinton teased 2016 presidential run speculators with `` tbd '' in her bio .  follow cnn living on facebook and twitte .
 l.a. mayor , four councilmen fined for ethics violations <sec> the five los angeles elected officials received tickets to hollywood 's hottest shows .  those shows included the oscars , the emmys , the grammys .  the show organizations were also fined by the city 's ethics commissio .
 arizona deputy shot by suspected drug trafficker , officials say <sec> pinal county deputy contacts authorities after being wounded in a remote area .  pinal county has been described as a key transit point for illegal immigrants .  deputies routinely patrol for illegal immigrants and drug smuggler .
 why do so many female veterans struggle to find work ? <sec> unemployment is higher among female veterans than male .  michelle obama : veterans struggling to find jobs `` should be appalling to all of us '' .  linkedin , coursera are offering programs to help veterans find job .
 scores of penn . homes evacuated over mystery gas <sec> new : residents allowed to return to homes where tests reveal low levels , fire chief says .  a volatile organic compound was coming from sump pumps , a fire department says .  about 150 homes have been evacuated in skippack townshi .
 the hidden truth behind early obamacare numbers <sec> early sign ups for the affordable care act have lagged because of technical problems .  but those first numbers may mask a different set of numbers .  many states are using medicaid enrollees in their count toward initial obamacare application .
 stevie wonder to headline landrieu fundraising event - cnnpolitics.com <sec> r & b singer stevie wonder will headline a landrieu fundraiser on dec. 1 .  wonder previously recorded a radio ad for the incumbent .  landrieu is in a tight runoff race slated for dec . .
 god 'led me directly ' to girl lost in swamp , florida rescuer says <sec> new : `` she 's doing remarkably well , '' says nadia bloom 's grateful mother , tanya .  james king said he set out on his own to look for nadia on tuesday .  it took him `` two hours of rough time '' trekking through swamp to find 11-year-old .  he was surprised by the good shape girl was in , said she was n't panicke .
 second new jersey escapee nabbed in mexico city <sec> otis blunt was captured wednesday in mexico city , officials said .  jose espinosa was caught not far from the new jersey jail tuesday .  last month , they escaped through a hole they dug in their cells ' cinder block wall .  a guard whom the inmates taunted in a note they left behind , committed suicid .
 baby boy among those treated after movie theater shootings <sec> new : couple who took two children to movie give emotional account of what happened .  dozens of people were treated in five denver-area hospitals after the shootings .  at least three service members also were hurt , the pentagon say .
 statue of liberty to reopen by july fourth <sec> the statue of liberty was closed because of superstorm sandy damage to the complex .  docks at liberty island sustained significant damage from the storm .  interior secretary says the iconic national monument is expected to reopen by july fourt .
 why rob thomas avoids the spotlight <sec> rob thomas of matchbox twenty has new album out , `` cradlesong '' .  thomas says matchbox twenty is still very much together .  singer : `` nothing more attractive than wealth and anonymity .
 china jails uyghur scholar ilham tohti for life <sec> chinese court has found a prominent uyghur scholar guilty of `` separatism '' .  he has been sentenced to life in prison .  lawyer told cnn he was prepared for guilty verdict and would appeal .  white house calls on china to release `` respected professor .
 police : university shooting suspect was charged after fight in 2002 <sec> police say alabama professor amy bishop accused of verbally abusing , striking patron .  two fought about booster seat ; bishop charged with assault and battery , disorderly conduct .  bishop was put on unsupervised probation for six months , district attorney say .
 uefa president michel platini puts faith in refs over technology <sec> michel platini reiterates his preference for extra officials over technology in football .  uefa president says the cost of installing goal-line technology is prohibitive .  glt was introduced in the english premier league at the start of the 2013-14 season .  platini defends uefa 's decision to expand the european championships to 24 team .
 putin and medvedev spar over libya <sec> prime minister raps u.n. resolution , refers to `` crusade '' .  presidents calls comments `` unacceptable '' .  both could run for president next yea .
 5 terror groups getting more brazen , more ruthless <sec> the united states has a list of 59 designated terror groups .  the five making headlines this month are based in africa and the middle eas .
 crunching his way to a six-pack <sec> an ireporter with flat abs sets his goals this year for a six-pack .  jason dinant is doing 500 sit-ups , cardio and weights .  fitness trainer says sit-ups are n't sufficient , recommends weight resistance .  share your journey to change with irepor .
 opinion : why are we so obsessed with malaysia flight 370 ? <sec> sally kohn : we 're obsessed with missing malaysia flight ; why not other tragedies ? .  kohn : stories about death in huge numbers , mystery and innocent victims fascinate us .  kohn : cancer , guns , aids , trafficking take many more lives , yet we do n't pay attention .  she says those stories do n't have the suddenness and do n't push panic button .
 congress and isis : why not a vote on war ? ( opinion ) <sec> borger : in topsy-turvy world of washington , parties doing their best to avoid congress vote on isis .  republicans suing obama for overuse of authority yet giving him a free pass on military action .  democrats fear a congressional vote 's impact on midterms , conflicted on presidential authority .  borger : governing will have to wait until the election is ove .
 delta ceo criticizes move allowing small knives on airplanes <sec> new : a flight attendants union president says the move `` makes no sense '' .  the tsa said it would allow small knives onto planes , starting april 25 .  the agency 's chief says this brings the u.s. in compliance with world norms .  delta 's ceo says the move is n't worth the added risk to airline staff and passenger .
 opinion : who should investigate mh17 crash ? <sec> 298 people lost their lives in the crash of malaysia airlines flight 17 in ukraine .  jim hall , peter goelz : there must be an immediate and competent investigation .  they say russia and ukraine should not conduct investigation ; leave it to the dutch .  hall , goelz : international community must stand up for safe and secure global trave .
 five things to watch at the olympics on sunday <sec> london hands over the olympics to the next host , rio de janeiro .  team usa battles spain for gold in men 's basketball .  kenya and ethiopia are favorites in the men 's marathon .  men 's boxing and women 's pentathlon also take place sunda .
 latino millennials want to end cuba embargo - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a new generation of cuban-americans is re-thinking the 50 year-old embargo .  democratic politicians have endorsed ending the embarg .
 andrew getty 's death apparently from natural causes <sec> andrew getty 's death appears to be from natural causes , police say , citing coroner 's early assessment .  in a petition for a restraining order , getty had written he had a serious medical condition . .  police say this is not a criminal matter at this tim .
 10 states freed from some 'no child left behind ' requirements <sec> a gop lawmaker has said the waivers wrongly `` circumvent '' congress .  obama says the waivers `` combine greater freedom with greater accountability '' .  the 10 states will not have to meet 2014 targets set by the law , signed in 2001 .  the states have agreed to raise standards and undertake reform .
 conjoined twins separated in 14-hour op <sec> four-month-old hassan and hussein benhaffaf were joined at the chest .  twins are in intensive care and sedated but stable , surgeon says .  parents : `` the sun is shining today for our two little fighters .
 the shape of things to come : designs that will define the future <sec> cnn spoke to a host of design and technology experts to see what future holds .  key developments are in the field of wearable technology and 3d printing .  best design is a marriage of technology , science and manufacturing techniques .  digital tattoos and mind reading headphones give flavor of things to com .
 anders fannemel ski-jumping world record <sec> anders fannemel breaks ski-jumping world record 24 hours after it is set .  slovenia 's peter prevc had originally broken the record with a leap of 250 meters .  but then the norwegian went 1.5m further to set a new mar .
 spain extradites alleged arms dealer to u.s . <sec> u.s. justice department says accused arms dealer extradited to the u.s . .  monzer al kassar was arrested in spain last year .  u.s. accuses him of trying to sell millions of dollars of weapons to guerrillas .  he is also accused of conspiracy to kill u.s. national .
 freshman congressmen <sec> video : hand-held cams track freshmen moves .  two freshman representatives document their experience for cnn .  rep. jared polis is a democrat representing colorado 's second district .  rep. jason chaffetz is a republican representing utah 's third distric .
 typhoon sanba headed for okinawa , south korea <sec> typhoon sanba has sustained winds of 144 mph near its center .  it is expected to approach okinawa late saturday or early sunday before heading to south korea .  last month , another large storm killed more than 60 people on the korea peninsul .
 police arrest 2 over possible bomb plot in germany <sec> new : the suspects did not have links to international terrorist groups , police say .  the two men in their 20s had obtained chemicals that can be used to make a bomb , police say .  it is not clear if they had a specific target , they say .  police searched an islamic cultural center in case chemicals were stored ther .
 states say it 's time to rethink medical marijuana <sec> four states have asked federal officials to reclassify marijuana .  governors say they ca n't set rules without risking violations of u.s. law .  advocates say there 's no reason to keep busting medical pot providers .  critics call medical marijuana a `` trojan horse '' for legalizatio .
 jet crashes on landing at aspen , colorado , airport , killing 1 <sec> new : two others aboard were pilot and a co-pilot traveling as a passenger .  deceased identified as 54-year-old co-pilot from mexico .  pilot missed first approach due to high winds , according to radio traffic .  crashed jet was a bombardier challenger 600 coming from tucson , arizon .
 more than 30 years on , slow-motion aids catastrophe continues <sec> world aids day theme `` getting to zero '' is a goal that remains patently unachievable , watney says .  the young are disproportionately affected `` because they have no access to targeted hiv education '' .  hiv may no longer be an automatic death sentence , `` but it is still a life sentence , '' watney says .  new alliances between different generations of gay men , and achievable local goals , are require .
 brokers snatch joy from hannah montana fans <sec> online ticket brokers snatched up thousands of hannah montana concert tickets .  fans must pay $ 350 to $ 2,000 to brokers to get the $ 63 tickets .  some states have filed lawsuits related to the ticket brokerin .
 cnn ecosphere : digital garden visualizes live discussion at rio+20 <sec> cnn ecosphere will visualize twitter discussions on key topics at the the rio+20 earth summit .  firefox , google chrome and safari ( with webgl enabled ) are the recommended browsers for users .  the website aggregates tweets tagged with # rio20 and groups them into specific topic .
 conrad murray : 'i feel like a pow ' <sec> `` i may not make it out of here alive , '' conrad murray tells his lawyer .  murray complains he 's getting sick in his moldy , fly-infested , 5-by-7-foot cell .  after serving seven months , murray has 16 months to go in jail .  next monday is the third anniversary of michael jackson 's deat .
 mourinho admits real madrid move likely <sec> jose mourinho admits he is set to leave inter milan to take over at real madrid .  mourinho was speaking after inter beat bayern munich 2-0 to win the champions league .  the portuguese wants to win the champions league with three different club .
 what does it mean to be french ? <sec> cnn asks experts about the meaning of french identity .  how will france stay competitive in the global market ? .  watch the panel discuss these issues on saturday 20 : 1930 gmt , 2030 cet| 1430 e .
 longing for the carefree parenting of yesterday ? <sec> moms of all ages agree motherhood has changed over the decades .  the internet has given today 's moms more info , but also more criticism .  many moms lament the loss of autonomy children had in the '60s and '70s .  today 's parents too often refuse to let their kids fail , many moms sa .
 chavez celebrates 10 years leading venezuela <sec> latin american leaders visit caracas , venezuela , for celebration .  socialism only `` path to redemption , '' venezuelan president hugo chavez says .  chavez trying to get constitutional change to allow him a third ter .
 fifa wants social change in russia despite 2018 anti-gay comments <sec> fifa wants clarification on adoption of new 'anti-gay ' laws in russia .  2018 world cup ceo defends new legislation .  fifa wants 2018 to 'unite people and have a positive social impact ' .  campaigners have demanded boycotts of olympics and world cu .
 obama expected to announce 'cyber czar ' position <sec> obama will announce post friday , sources say .  cyber czar to lead effort to protect government and private computer systems .  white house will also release report with goals for combating cyber intrusion .
 uniformed attackers strike 3 times in afghanistan , u.s. says <sec> new : the attacks make for a `` tough day '' around kandahar , a pentagon spokesman says .  new : nine coalition troops are wounded in the latest attack .  an american soldier was killed and several were wounded on monday .  four afghan police officers were killed and seven wounded tuesday in kandaha .
 horsemeat found in hamburgers in britain and ireland <sec> irish food safety authority finds horse dna in 10 out of 27 burgers it tested .  the hamburgers are on sale in supermarkets in ireland and britain .  the agency finds 29 % of a burger from tesco to be made of horsemeat .  tesco says it has withdrawn from sale all products from the supplier in questio .
 why a giant toad set off chinese censors <sec> social media users drew comparisons between a 72-feet-tall inflatable toad and former chinese president jiang zemin .  `` toad '' is among the most-censored words on china 's twitter-like sina weibo .  chinese netizens use internet jokes to communicate about politic .
 cnn 's larry king reveals he recently had stent procedure <sec> king said he suffered a heart attack in 1987 and underwent a quintuple bypass months later .  recent symptoms sent him back to get stenting procedure about a month ago .  since the procedure says king , `` i can report to the waiting public that i never felt better .
 'gang ' shoots , kills international peacekeeper in sudan 's darfur region <sec> african union - united nations peacekeepers are attacked in a darfur refugee camp .  a peacekeeper from bangladesh dies and another peacekeeper is wounded , unamid says .  a unamid official calls the attack `` cowardly deplorable '' and a war crime .  widespread violence has plagued the darfur region , in southern sudan , since 200 .
 chandhok : f1 struggling in india mission <sec> vicky chandhok tells cnn it could be 10 years until india produces another f1 driver .  chandhok 's son karun is one of just two indians to have competed in the sport .  hrt 's narain karthikeyan is the only indian driver currently contracted to an f1 team .  sunday 's race at the buddh international circuit is the second hosted by indi .
 jet-powered ford guns for 300 mph <sec> a texas man has outfitted a 1939 ford with a jet engine he hopes will make it go more than 300 mph .  nicknamed the `` hemi jet , '' it fires up this weekend at the houston autorama .  the car has a chrysler engine , a chevrolet drivetrain and a ford body .  owner joe wilkins plans to run it flat-out someday at the bonneville salt flats in uta .
 etihad airways offers on-board nannies to care for kids <sec> abu dhabi-based etihad airways offers on-board nannies to care for children .  they are crew members specially trained to work with kids .  expert says the airline is `` creative '' to offer the service , but parents are price shoppin .
 lindsay lohan will attend the white house correspondents ' dinner <sec> lindsay lohan will attend the 2012′s white house correspondents ' dinner .  in 2002 , bat-biter ozzy osbourne attended .  david cross showed up in 2009 and allegedly snorted cocain .
 survivor of heart failure dedicates birthday to educating other women <sec> dee stewart was diagnosed with a heart condition after her daughter 's birth .  stewart dedicates her birthday to educating women about heart health .  heart disease is the no . .  1 killer of women , according to american heart association .  stewart and others don red on friday to raise women 's awareness about heart diseas .
 aaron hernandez investigation turns to fiancee 's actions <sec> search warrant : aaron hernandez 's fiancee and others have tried `` to hide evidence '' .  papers : shayanna jenkins carried something like `` a lock box or safe '' from house .  jenkins has not been charged in connection with odin lloyd 's june death .  hernandez has pleaded not guilty to a murder charge in lloyd 's killin .
 michael landon 's oldest son found dead <sec> `` bonanza '' star 's son mark landon found dead in west hollywood home .  officials say no indication of foul play in 60-year-old 's death .  mark landon had a few acting credits , playing small roles in three movie .
