 ariel castro 's alleged abuse , sadism is all too common <sec> a psychiatrist says the psychological profile emerging of ariel castro is not rare .  ragan : battering , sociopathy , and sexual sadism do not seem enough to explain the crimes .  castro had the 'sociopathic instincts of how to terrorize and demoralize his victims .
 12 tips to become a better smartphone photographer <sec> iphone photographer richard koci hernandez shares 12 tips .  filters do n't substitute for good photography , he says .  shoot from the hip to get better candids .  give yourself assignments and deadline .
 prince george turns 1 : 5 things to know <sec> photos being released days ahead of birthday .  prince william drove duchess of cambridge to hospital in unmarked minivan .  christening took place at chapel where princess diana 's body lay ahead of her funeral .  the royal baby 's nanny has been trained in self-defens .
 flooding closes curtains at grand ole opry house <sec> unclear when country music landmark will reopen , gaylord entertainment ceo says .  record amount of flooding drenches stage , damages instruments and memorabilia .  massive rainfall in nashville area causes more than $ 1.5 billion in property damage .  floods leave 31 dead , others missing in three states as waters reced .
 woman in case against roman polanski seeks dismissal <sec> motion filed to dismiss a 31-year-old sex offense case against roman polanski .  polanski pleaded guilty to unlawful sexual intercourse with a 13-year-old girl in 1978 .  director lives in exile in france after fleeing the united state .
 u.s. labels kurdish group as terrorist <sec> u.s. puts kurdistan freedom falcons , or tak , on list of terrorist groups .  tak is affiliated with kurdish separatist group pkk .  pkk has been attacking turkey from inside iraq .  move against tak comes after turkish president meets with president bus .
 french president to visit mali this weekend <sec> in addition to major cities , francois hollande plans to visit the historical city of timbuktu .  timbuktu , once overrun by militants , is now under control of malian forces .  the french-led offensive to flush out militants in northern mali started on january 1 .
 judge oks plea deal in brigadier general 's court-martial <sec> sexual assault and sodomy charges against brig . .  gen. jeffrey sinclair to be dropped .  defense attorney says costs of `` false rape allegations '' should be factored into sentencing .  general had said he would n't plead guilty to charges that put him on a sex offender registry .  u.s. agrees to sentence cap ; general knows maximum penalty , defense say .
 woman charged in vandalism at national cathedral <sec> police say they 're arrested a 58-year-old woman in the national cathedral incident .  green paint was found at the national cathedral and on a smithsonian statue .  the discoveries come three days after similar paint was found on the lincoln memorial .  officials are n't sure whether the incidents are relate .
 sutter : 7 ways to help save the pangolin <sec> pangolins are thought to be the most-trafficked mammals in the world .  conservationists fear that they could go extinct before people realize they exist .  john sutter offers seven ways for readers to make sure that does n't happen .  help a group in vietnam create a pangolin psa , and fund worthy researc .
 risks and rewards of celebrity endorsements <sec> tiger woods endorsement deal highlights risks of relying on a celebrity to sell products .  anita elberse says her research shows firms using endorsers generally reap big gains .  she says sales increase and endorsements can boost a firm 's stock price .  endorsements reassure customers about quality of products , she say .
 gunman turns 'batman ' screening into real-life 'horror film ' <sec> 30 people remain hospitalized ; 11 in critical condition .  authorities postpone action on the suspect 's booby-trapped apartment until saturday .  source : the gunman told police he was `` the joker '' .  police say 12 people were killed and 58 injured in movie theater shootin .
 sierra leone rebel leaders found guilty <sec> new : human rights groups welcome convictions of three sierra leone rebel leaders .  convictions are for war crimes , crimes against humanity , child soldier use .  civil war last more than 10 years and left tens of thousands dead .  ruf rebels were known for hacking off civilians ' hands and fee .
 syria 's homs under a military siege , activists say <sec> new : at least 38 people are reportedly killed in syria , including 25 in homs .  a bab amr resident asks for international support .  security forces are surrounding restive neighborhoods .  a former baathist sympathetic to demonstrators is assassinated , activists sa .
 casey kasem 's remains flown to canada <sec> a washington funeral director says he sent kasem 's remains to canada last week .  kasem 's wife , jean , requested the body be flown to montreal , the funeral director says .  kasem 's daughter kerri accuses her stepmother of abusing her elderly father .  casey kasem was 82 when he died in washington state last mont .
 brazil 's corinthians crowned champions of south america <sec> corinthians win the copa libertadores for the first time after beating boca juniors .  two goals from brazilian striker emerson secure a 3-1 aggregate win for corinthians .  it is third year in a row a brazilian club has won south america 's top club competition .  boca juniors midfielder juan roman riquelme announces he will leave the argentine clu .
 abbott : texas readying challenge to obama 's immigration action <sec> texas gov.-elect greg abbott says the state is preparing to challenge president obama 's immigration order in court .  abbott says he 's reaching out to other states and expects to file a lawsuit `` in the next two weeks '' .  the republican has seized a prominent role leading the charge against obama 's executive orde .
 egyptian-american leaders call for u.s. support of 'lotus revolution ' <sec> egyptian-american activists call on president barack obama to `` stand on the right side of history '' .  prominent dissident dubs egyptian protests the `` lotus revolution '' .  protests planned in new york city , new jersey and washingto .
 mexico confirms death of feared zetas cartel leader <sec> the navy confirms the death of heriberto lazcano lazcano .  his body was stolen by a group of armed men from a funeral home .  it is uncertain what impact , if any , his death will have on drug violenc .
 watson leaves notes strung through music history <sec> doc watson switched gears to adapt to changing musical scene .  1960s put him in front of a new set of audiences .  nitty gritty dirt band brought him to an even broader audienc .
 john kerry defies the odds with intense drive for middle east peace <sec> through intensive diplomacy the u.s. secretary of state is trying to build momentum in middle east peace talks .  borders and jewish settlements are likely to be the most difficult piece of kerry 's puzzle .  some within israel 's coalition government want to annex jewish settlements in the fertile jordan valle .
 judge rips mccartney 's ex-wife in ruling <sec> judge : heather mills `` a less than impressive witness '' .  paul mccartney 's ex-wife received nearly $ 50m payout in divorce ruling .  ruling follows collapse of ex-beatle 's four-year marriage to former mode .
 shifting sands : the form of golf that 's on borrowed time <sec> expat oil workers in abu dhabi built sand golf course in 1961 .  form of game features putting 'browns ' instead of greens .  unexpected hazards can include the burrows of desert lizard .
 a vet 's battle with lou gehrig 's disease <sec> als , a progressive disease , attacks brain neurons leading to total paralysis .  it affects 20,000 to 30,000 americans at any one time but vets have twice the risk .  the va listed als as a service-connected disease on september 23 , 2008 .  retired vet thomas cuddy navigates va bureaucracy as his disease progresse .
 8 great leaf-peeping compromises <sec> touring maine 's fall foliage can be rewarded by a pint at a local brewery .  the leaf-peeper and the history buff alike will appreciate gettysburg .  the colors on the trails near santa fe also appear at the georgia o'keeffe museum .  after a leafy drive , vermont tourists can enjoy a scoop of ben & jerry 's fines .
 uk police say missing girls may be headed to syria <sec> uk police say the three girls , two age 15 and one age 16 , are thought to be headed to syria .  they flew together tuesday to istanbul in turkey , police sa .
 fbi gives glimpse inside real 'csi ' <sec> fbi crime lab began in 1932 with one person ; it now employs 500 .  quantico , virginia , lab processes hundreds of pieces of evidence each month .  lab inspired `` csi , '' but lab forensics expert says the show is unrealistic .  mistakes have been made on some big cases : `` no one 's infallible .
 bernard madoff 's brother subject of criminal investigation <sec> peter madoff is chief compliance officer of bernard l. madoff investment securities .  attorney calls investigation the reason his client invoked fifth at deposition in november .  bernard madoff serving 150-year term after conviction for running massive ponzi schem .
 u.n. seeking citizen ambassadors <sec> united nations is holding a video contest to encourage world citizens to voice their opinions .  applicants are asked to upload their videos to the united nation 's channel on youtube .  submissions are based on the theme of the millennium development goal .
 u.s. pair matthew , grace huang deny murder of adopted child in qatar <sec> grace and matthew huang deny murdering their adopted daughter , gloria .  prosecutor says they caused her death by failing to seek help when she did n't eat .  defense says the huangs are innocent and had nothing to do with gloria 's death .  matthew huang : `` we feel that we have been kidnapped , and we just want to go home .
 suspect in ark . realtor slaying wanted to plead guilty <sec> no other suspects are being sought , sheriff says .  suspect says he pleaded not guilty at lawyer 's request but wants to plead guilty .  arron lewis is charged with capital murder , authorities say .  beverly carter vanished last week when she went to show a hom .
 animal attractions give a boost to dubai <sec> the dubai mall recently acquired a giant squid and two crocodiles .  animals in malls are not uncommon . .  ski dubai now houses a penguin colony .  the uae has long exhibited a penchant for exotic animals .  many locals even keep wild game as pet .
 airports get c for tech traveler amenities <sec> pcworld study says only a fraction of u.s. airports fulfill electronic needs .  the airports offer an average of 5.5 outlets per gate .  pcworld researchers visited 3,300 gates , testing outlets , ports and charging station .
 brazil 2014 world cup breaks tv records , says fifa <sec> fifa says world cup has produced record performances for broadcasters .  opening game between brazil and croatia watched by 43 million on host network .  japanese channel doubled its best sports numbers this year for ivory coast gam .
 ling : courtesy from clinton led to freedom from north korea prison <sec> laura ling credits bill clinton for her eventual freedom from prison in north korea .  ling , fellow journalist euna lee were jailed after crossing north korea border .  ling spent 140 days in prison , but was able to communicate with family member .
 man stranded in accident survives for six days on leaves , water <sec> california man survives on leaves and water from a creek after his car plunges into a ravine .  authorities : david lavau 's car came to rest near another that went off the road earlier .  lavau 's family began to search for him when he failed to return home , the chp says .  lavau 's son found him after driving the route , stopping at every curve in the road , the chp say .
 who is 'blade runner ' oscar pistorius ? <sec> oscar pistorius was the first double amputee to compete at an able-bodied olympics .  he described the summer of 2012 as a `` dream come true '' after paralympic gold .  the south african had both legs amputated below the knee when he was 11 months old .  he started playing sport at an early age and became a role model for people worldwid .
 man , 26 , charged in plot to bomb pentagon using model airplane <sec> rezwan ferdaus , 26 , a u.s. citizen , is charged in plot to bomb pentagon and capitol .  he was allegedly going to use a $ 6,500 remote-controlled plane laden with explosives .  he is accused of pledging jihad against the united states .  but authorities say he had no real ties to al qaeda and was n't a real threa .
 who will be this year 's top 10 cnn heroes ? <sec> the top 10 cnn heroes of 2013 will be revealed thursday morning on cnn and cnn.com .  they will be honored at `` cnn heroes : an all-star tribute , '' which airs december 1 .  who will be the hero of the year ? .  you can cast your vote once the names are reveale .
 amid obamacare confusion , 81-year-old supreme court blogger shines <sec> blogger lyle denniston gains a degree of internet celebrity on thursday .  the 81-year-old has been writing about the supreme court for more than five decades .  the twitter meme # teamlyle was started by his fans .  denniston paid a tutor to teach him how to use the internet in the late 1990 .
 menendez : why nigeria vote key to u.s. terror fight <sec> robert menendez : nigerian vote will test the democracy 's electoral process , marred by violence and flawed results in past .  u.s. ties to this regional ally are crucial ; u.s. economic and security interests at stake as nigeria 's voters choose their futur .
 rescuers search for bodies after indian ferry disaster <sec> ferry sank monday evening as it sailed along the brahmaputra river in assam state .  officials said the vessel broke apart as it tried to dock during a storm .  only 90 people escaped , while 19 bodies have been recovered .  authorities fear many bodies have been swept downstream into banglades .
 more attacks in yemen kill soldiers as violence moves to capital <sec> new : suspected al qaeda militants staged two attacks in yemen sunday .  new : one of the attacks happened at a checkpoint near the presidential palace .  two al qaeda suspects tried in april to abduct the u.s. embassy workers .  one of the americans had a gun and killed both assailant .
 the bergdahl exchange : the latest developments <sec> new : lawmakers say they 're still skeptical after a briefing on sgt . .  bowe bergdahl 's case .  new : king : `` at least 80 to 90 people in the administration were aware of this proposed deal '' .  new : white house official : specifics of the prisoner swap `` were more closely held ' .  bergdahl was kept in a pitch black cage for weeks at a tim .
 nebraska supreme court removes keystone xl barrier - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the house approved a measure approving the keystone pipeline with a vote 266-153 .  the nebraska supreme court removed a hurdle for the keystone xl pipeline project .  the white house says it 's waiting on the state department to review the decisio .
 rules on flying the american flag <sec> the flag is one of our country 's most important symbols , so we should treat it with respect .  1923 : the national flag code created advisory rules for displaying the flag .  the rules are just that : advisory . .  there is no penalty for breaking the flag cod .
 quiet but tense in china 's restive xinjiang region <sec> china has deployed armed police in cities in xinjiang in past week .  july 5 marks 4th anniversary of deadly clashes in region that killed more than 200 .  tensions fueled by increased number of han chinese moving to western region .  ethnic uyghurs , a turkic-speaking , mainly muslim ethnic group , complain of discriminatio .
 north korea to panama : release our ship , crew <sec> new : u.n. secretary-general commends panama for its actions .  north korea 's foreign ministry says panama should release the ship and crew .  panama has asked the united nations to help investigate .  rubio : the u.s. should change cuba policies in light of `` flagrant violation .
 judge : sex not motivation for drugs in anna nicole smith case <sec> judge refuses to allow argument that sex motivated anna nicole smith 's doctor .  ruling comes amid hearing concerning death of the playboy model/reality tv star .  prosecutor wanted to present evidence smith had relationship with female doctor .  court documents : investigators found photos of pair naked `` in intimate embraces .
 i 'm young , female and ... decided <sec> cat castellanos had been torn over which candidate to support .  she says her decision to vote for romney is based on the weak economic recovery .  obama should be held accountable the way red sox 's valentine was , she says .  castellanos : romney 's position on social issues such as abortion will not change la .
 apple trial to feature unseen steve jobs deposition <sec> never-before-seen deposition featuring steve jobs will be shown .  jobs gave the deposition just months before he died of cancer in 2011 .  plaintiffs in lawsuit say apple engaged in antitrust behavior in digital music sale .
 video shows isis militants destroying antiquities <sec> director general of iraqi museums says mosul museum had 173 original pieces .  it 's not clear from the footage how many of the pieces were originals , versus replicas .  unesco chief : `` this attack is far more than a cultural tragedy -- this is also a security issue as it fuels sectarianism .
 estudiantes stun cruzeiro to claim copa <sec> estudiantes defeats cruzeiro to claim copa libertadores trophy .  two teams played to a scoreless draw in the first leg .  it was first copa trophy for estudiantes since 1970 .  brazilian team have dominated recently in south american club football 's top priz .
 congo rebel leader nkunda arrested <sec> rwanda arrests tutsi rebel leader , discussing his future with drc .  neighboring nations have been on different sides of the conflict in east congo .  struggle pits tutsis , supported by rwanda , against the congo-backed hutu .  the conflict is effectively an extension of the rwandan genocid .
 button : mclaren will bounce back <sec> jenson button backs mclaren to recover from a low-key start to 2013 .  the briton 's highest finish from this year 's seven races is fifth in china .  button insists his relationship with teammate sergio perez is good .  the 2009 world champion is not considering retirin .
 huxtables are the '80s family you most want to adopt you <sec> nat geo channel commissioned a pop culture survey .  `` cosby show 's '' huxtables are the '80s tv family you most want to adopt you .  `` the 80s : the decade that made us '' premieres april 1 .
 nation reflects on legacy of newtown , the 2nd-deadliest mass shooting <sec> a connecticut school shooting killed six women and 20 children , ages 6 or 7 , a year ago .  federal gun reform proposals fail , but some states now have tougher gun laws .  mental health problems are now being cast as `` brain health '' issues in a public campaign .  a town 's compassion is tested when deciding to build a new school on the same sit .
 exclusive : 'i believe he is at peace , ' nelson mandela 's daughter says <sec> makaziwe mandela : `` all i pray for as a daughter is that the transition is smooth '' .  she says the media spotlight is making this a difficult time .  her spiritual take on her ailing father : `` it is only god who knows the end .
 bill clinton mentioned for wife 's senate seat <sec> sen. clinton tapped to be secretary of state in obama administration .  new york gov . .  paterson will name clinton replacement in the senate .  appointed senator will serve two years before special election .  caroline kennedy , robert kennedy jr. among those mentione .
 by the numbers : vice presidents <sec> there have been 47 vice presidents to serve the u.s. since 1789 .  two were not elected to the office , and three have won the nobel peace prize .  one 's taken up arms against the u.s. government , and one 's been accused of murde .
 37 killed in syrian car bombing as fighting rages nearby <sec> new : opposition group says 37 people died in the bombing .  suicide bombing occurred near a farm machinery company in hama , state media says .  officials set tentative day for peace talks between government , rebels .  fighting rages across syria on sunda .
 chris brown asks for forgiveness for assault <sec> chris brown posts an apology on his web site .  brown struck a plea deal last month for incident involving girlfriend rihanna .  brown : `` i 'm not going to sit here and make any excuses .
 'spider-man ' actor leaves rehab after fall <sec> christopher tierney , 31 , has been released from a rehabilitation center in new york .  tierney said he is looking forward to returning and is not concerned about his safety .  the actor suffered several broken bones and a bruised lung in the fal .
 opinion : negligent parents , lawbreaking kids <sec> 14-year-old killed by officer at 3 a.m. lz granderson asks , where were the parents ? .  lz : police say boy was shooting at others , was arrested before for attempted murder .  boy 's mother insists he was an `` angel . '' .  lz says parents often excuse kids ' crimes .  lz : parents should be held responsible for negligence in these case .
