 study : frequent tanning-bed use triples melanoma risk <sec> people who regularly use tanning beds may double or even triple risk of melanoma .  fda advisory panel ponders tougher regulations on indoor tanning for people under age 18 .  person 's melanoma risk is more closely linked to total exposure than to the age when starte .
 panama faces probe over alleged torture <sec> commission says it received complaint from velez loor in 2004 of alleged torture .  velez loor sentenced to prison term for illegal entry into panama , panama says .  officials at panamanian embassy in washington did not return request for commen .
 travel company offers weekend getaway to other side of planet <sec> tour operator says its weekend trips from london to australia are `` intense '' but `` do-able '' .  itinerary includes a 12-hour drive along the coastal road between sydney and melbourne .  austravel says it 's received several inquiries about the $ 1,840 whistle-stop round tri .
 serena overcomes nemesis kuznetsova in toughest match to date <sec> serena williams beats 2009 french open svetlana kuznetsova in three sets .  world number one to face last year 's runner-up sara errani in last four .  italian returns to semifinals after beating agnieszka radwanska in straight set .
 deaths after explosion rocks islamabad <sec> a loud explosion has been heard in islamabad , pakistan 's capital .  suicide bomber apparently targeted special police branch .  blast came as pakistanis celebrated their national da .
 'x-men : days of future past ' electrifies with an $ 111 million four-day weekend <sec> this debut bodes well for the next 'x-men ' planned for 2016 .  adam sandler 's 'blended ' was less lucky in thrid place .  `` the amazing spider-man 2 '' surpassed $ 675 million worldwid .
 2 french soldiers likely killed in failed hostage rescue , defense minister says <sec> french officials say it is likely two soldiers died and a hostage was killed in a raid in somalia .  militants say the hostage is still alive and being held at an undisclosed location .  french forces failed to free an intelligence agent held by an al qaeda-linked grou .
 jimmy page on another led zeppelin reunion : 'i do n't see it ' <sec> `` celebration day '' will be commercially released on november 19 .  it 's nothing more or less than zeppelin 's two-hour performance on december 10 , 2007 .  `` celebration day '' is `` almost like being onstage with us , '' jones say .
 'inside politics ' : the chamber 's next target -- iowa <sec> chamber of commerce a major player in the 2014 fight for control of the senate .  insiders in the kansas gop say pat roberts is shaking up his entire campaign .  harry reid turns his state 's national political importance into a boon for local political causes .  no one expects a budget shutdown but gop leadership is on pins and needle .
 emotion kicks off china 's olympics <sec> olympics opening is under way , marking beginning of summer games .  2008 summer olympics is most expensive on record .  anticipation building grows who will light olympic cauldron .  more than 10,000 athletes to compete for about 300 gold medal .
 nepal police arrest 2 in case of missing american woman <sec> aubrey sacco , 23 , from colorado , went missing three years ago .  there has been no trace of her despite many searches .  sacco 's family had been worried there would be no serious investigation .  police suspect she was murdere .
 the key to success ? keeping it in the family <sec> germany has a record of successful family-run businesses going global .  ottobock , now in its 95th year , operates in 50 countries .  innovation and quality are key drivers in small-to-medium size business succes .
 what was germanwings co-pilot 's mental state ? <sec> investigators believe andreas lubitz deliberately crashed germanwings flight 9525 , killing himself and 149 others .  lubitz suffered from anxiety and depression symptoms dating back to 2009 , french newspaper reported .  doctor : it 's 'rare for depression to cause people to kill other people .
 bill bryson changes course for 'one summer ' <sec> bill bryson 's latest book , `` one summer , '' is about summer of 1927 .  it was the year of charles lindbergh 's flight , babe ruth 's home run record , horrific crimes .  what was originally going to be a narrow focus turned into much more , says bryson .  author known for books on appalachian trail , australia , the science .
 good neighbors are good for your heart <sec> study finds seniors living in a tight-knit community were less at risk for heart attacks .  consumer reports recommends pregnant women skip tuna .  having a baby puts a lot of stress on moms -- and dads , study author say .
 cnn host returns adl award over stance on islamic center <sec> zakaria returns an adl award over islamic center stance .  adl says it 's `` shocked and saddened '' by the move .  the center would have interfaith program .
 black bear enjoys repose in a hammock in daytona beach neighborhood <sec> homeowner vincent james watches a black bear get comfortable in his hammock .  a photographer snaps photos while the bear hangs out .  bears often turn up in residential neighborhoods in florida .  wildlife officials become concerned when bears get too accustomed to contact with human .
 in u.s. , humanitarian intervention is just 'politics as usual ' <sec> experts : washington selectively engages in humanitarian intervention missions .  domestic political will is a necessary precondition for intervention missions , they say .  polls show americans are very reluctant to support military interventions in syri .
 chavez gone , but far from forgotten as venezuelan presidential campaigns start <sec> `` i am not chavez , but i am his son , '' maduro says as he officially enters the race .  less than a week after his death , supporters sing along with a recording of chavez .  opposition candidate henrique capriles has said he 's ready for a tough fight .  voters from the south american country will head to polls on april 1 .
 apple deletes app for 'porn ' -- what it means <sec> apple banned photo app that it says delivers porn .  500px is a photo-sharing app that features all kinds of images .  officer says porn is not allowed on the app .  500px has resubmitted the app , hopes to be reinstate .
 puppy bowl sunday : survival of the cutest <sec> 12 hours of frolicking puppies is animal planet 's super bowl counter-programming .  slow-mo cute cams and cameras stuck in squeaky toys aim to capture the cute .  instead of rooting for a puppy bowl team , viewers can root for an mv .
 scientists say planet mercury 'painted black ' <sec> mercury was `` painted black '' by millions of years of micrometeorites , researchers say .  the research could solve the puzzle of why the planet appears so dar .
 plan a winter weekend in big sky <sec> big sky may not share the glory of the glitzy resort towns , but has its benefits .  the slopes have a lot of open space , which can make for long runs and nonexistent lift lines .  low humidity and moderate temperatures give big sky its characteristic `` cold smoke '' powde .
 barcelona appoints luis enrique as new manager <sec> luis enrique appointed new manager of barcelona .  enrique replaces tata martino at camp nou .  former player a huge favorite at catalan club .  enjoyed a fine season in charge at celta vig .
 suspected national cathedral vandal ordered held without bond <sec> if found guilty , she could face up to 10 years in prison and a $ 5,000 fine .  jiamei tian , 58 , has been charged with felony destruction of property .  she will be kept in custody at least until a second hearing friday .  her visa allowing her to be in the united states expired saturda .
 russian cellist fired from beijing orchestra after off-key behavior <sec> beijing symphony orchestra fired its principal cellist after his boorish behavior was caught on camera .  the russian national refused to remove his bare feet from a fellow train passenger 's headrest , taunting and cursing at her .  beijing symphony orchestra said the incident damaged the group 's reputation , following widespread public outcry on sina weib .
 war of words between a-rod , mlb continues <sec> alex rodriguez is appealing his 211-game suspension from major league baseball .  his appeal is on hiatus this week .  mlb says rodriguez should abide by bargaining agreement and use arbitration process .  rodriguez : i 'm fighting for my lif .
 suspect charged in bomb scare at jacksonville airport <sec> new : suspect zeljko causevic is facing two charges .  new : a bag was x-rayed , and no explosive device was found , a source says .  the hoax bomb threat tuesday shut down the airport temporarily .  the suspect will likely be charged with making a hoax bomb threat , a source say .
 jose mourinho furious as nine-man chelsea crash to villa defeat <sec> jose mourinho sent off along with two chelsea players in 1-0 defeat at aston villa .  fabian delph scores the only goal in 82nd minute after willian 's second booking .  ramires also departs after a studs-up challenge on villa 's karim el ahmadi .  manchester city cut gap to six points despite having captain sent off at hul .
 study : women with brca1 mutations should remove ovaries by 35 <sec> brca stands for breast cancer susceptibility genes .  angelina jolie put brca mutations in headlines last year .  the study was published by the journal of clinical oncolog .
 why the world is watching the fragile five <sec> central bankers in vulnerable emerging market economies are taking action .  rises seen as an effort to plug severe leaks which threaten to drain reserves .  brazil , indonesia , india , south africa and turkey are the focus of investor attentio .
 arizona murderer joseph wood executed <sec> new : the american civil liberties union calls for greater transparency .  new : a judge orders officials to preserve all physical evidence in joseph wood 's execution .  a media witness likens wood 's breathing to a `` fish gulping for air '' .  wood had argued combination for lethal injection was cruel and unusual punishmen .
 iphone 5 is bing 's most-searched news story for 2012 <sec> the iphone 5 topped bing 's list of most-searched news stories so far in 2012 .  it ranked ahead of the presidential election , superstorm sandy and the london olympics .  kim kardashian was the year 's most-searched perso .
 michelle obama botches candidate 's name in iowa <sec> first lady michelle obama mispronounces iowa senate candidate 's name seven times .  former president bill clinton made the same mistake a few weeks ago .  obama also confused braley and his father , calling him a marine corps vetera .
 al qaeda link to shoe-bomb warning <sec> u.s. warned airlines this week about possible shoe bomb threat to u.s.-bound flights .  official ties it to bomb-maker for al qaeda in the arabian peninsula .  the threat is based on the latest intelligence .  al qaeda said to still be interested in targeting airline .
 cnn heroes : helping women recover through athletic adventures <sec> at 20 , alli morgan had her leg amputated above the knee .  an avid sportswoman , morgan found hope in robyn benincasa 's project athena .  benincasa , an injury survivor , too , helps recovering women achieve adventure goals .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2014 cnn heroe .
 apple may be expanding in-store iphone repairs <sec> reports to say apple store iphone repairs are about to expand .  volume buttons , vibration engine , cameras could be added to screens .  repairs would be free if user paid to have `` apple care .
 cnn 's max foster : prince william could be any new dad <sec> cnn 's max foster had been chasing the interview with william for two years .  foster says william was tired , elated and grappling with becoming a father .  foster says interview at kensington palace was relaxed , informal .  foster : prince william could be any new dad , doing things his own wa .
 fries from your phone : mcdonald 's testing mobile payment app <sec> mcdonald 's is testing a mobile-payment app in france .  customers can pay via paypal and pick up the food at a special line .  the system could spread to the chain 's 33,500 restaurants .  the move is part of a growing cashless mobile-payment tren .
 despite fast food protests , congress in no rush on minimum wage <sec> little chance congress with take up increasing the minimum wage any time soon .  obama has said he wants to raise rate from $ 7.25/hour to $ 9.00/hour . .  fast food workers in seven cities rally for a hike in the rat .
 federer crashes out of monte carlo masters to melzer <sec> roger federer beaten in quarterfinals of monte carlo masters by jurgen melzer .  melzer wins 6-4 6-4 to earn a semifinal meeting with spain 's david ferrer .  rafael nadal crushes ivan ljubicic to stay on course for seventh straight monte carlo crown .  andy murray next up for world no.1 after he beat frederico gil 6-2 6- .
 boeing dreamliner makes u.s. debut sunday morning <sec> united will be the first airline to fly the 787 in the united states .  the advanced aircraft has weathered production delays .  it 's made of lighter material and will reduce fuel costs .  passengers will enjoy bigger windows and more bin spac .
 banksy ' street art irritates nyc mayor , but police not looking for him <sec> the street and graffiti artist known as banksy has been active in new york city .  mayor michael bloomberg calls graffiti `` a sign of decay and loss of control '' .  but police say they are not actively looking for banks .
 onboard with eric clapton <sec> eric clapton owns the 48 meter superyacht va bene .  bernie ecclestone had owned the vessel before clapton bought it .  clapton enjoys spending time on the boat to get away from his wor .
 d.c. zoo sending panda to china to breed <sec> washington 's national zoo will lose panda in 2010 .  tai shan was born to pandas who were also on loan from china .  tai shan is being sent to a breeding base in southwest china .  china nearing goal of having 300 pandas in captivit .
 lady gaga posts nearly nude pics <sec> lady gaga tells fans `` weight/loss/gain since i was child has tormented me '' .  the singer challenges fans to `` celebrate with us your 'perceived flaws ' '' .  online publications speculate about gaga 's weight gain in recent months .  `` my boyfriend prefers me curvier , '' lady gaga write .
 'athletics can learn from cycling ' says former olympic gold medalist <sec> darren campbell says athletics should follow cycling 's lead .  the british sprinters is an advocate of lifetime bans for drugs cheats .  the olympic gold medalist speaking after tyson gay and asafa powell tested positive .  campbell warns some athletes inadvertently take banned substance .
 china unveils ambitious plan for space exploration <sec> china 's ambitious new plan comes as the u.s. scales back its own space ambitions .  china wants to launch space laboratories and collect samples from the moon .  its eventual goal is to carry out a manned lunar landing .  china is the third country after the u.s. and russia to put a human in spac .
 eric cantor , no . 2 house republican , loses primary in big upset - cnnpolitics.com <sec> eric cantor fell to tea party challenger dave brat , who many counted out .  cantor has been the subject of speculation that he could become speaker .  republican sen. lindsey graham wins his primary in south carolin .
 mourners recall neil armstrong 's 'life well-lived and service nobly rendered ' <sec> new : nasa gives armstrong 's family an american flag from johnson space center .  hundreds attend a memorial ceremony at washington national cathedral .  armstrong is remembered as an extraordinary man who shared credit with many .  armstrong , who became the first man to walk on the moon in 1969 , died on august 2 .
 eu leaders snub euro 2012 finals due to ukraine 's human rights row <sec> eu commission 's president jose manuel barroso snubs invitation to euro 2012 final .  he is latest eu leader refusing to travel to ukraine over its treatment of imprisoned yulia tymoshenko .  ukraine suffering series of upsets including `` crook '' hoteliers , bombings and snubs .  govt assures uefa it is taking all necessary steps to ensure safety of 1.3m visitor .
 tornadoes touch down in dallas <sec> new : truck driver seriously hurt when rig picked up .  female motorist missing in austin , texas .  rescue crews busy in dallas , fort worth .  tracking maps show igor reaching category 2 status over the atlanti .
 man indicted in case of missing tennessee woman holly bobo <sec> `` hopefully this is the beginning of closure for the bobo family , '' says tbi director .  zachary adams , 29 , is being held without bond .  he faces kidnapping and murder charges .  bobo , a nursing student , was last seen in 201 .
 legendary broadcaster art linkletter is dead at 97 <sec> art linkletter hosted `` house party '' and `` people are funny '' .  `` kids say the darndest things '' was his catchphrase .  `` i was oprah before there was oprah , '' he once said .  his 1960 biography was called `` confessions of a happy man .
 3 killed , 30 injured in pakistan explosions near anti-taliban office <sec> anti-taliban party condemns bombings and calls for day of mourning sunday .  in a call to cnn , pakistani taliban takes responsibility for explosions .  back-to-back explosions occur near the headquarters of an anti-taliban political party .  muttahida quami movement , or mqm , opposes the taliba .
 opinion : the jackie robinson biopic and me <sec> `` 42 '' is a new movie about jackie robinson , who broke the color barrier in baseball .  20 years ago , mike downey was hired to write the script for a jackie robinson biopic .  after constant squabbling , rewrites and interference , he and co-writer were fired .  downey : after many starts and stops over years , the film is out , thanks to robinson 's wido .
 colombian military : drug sub seized <sec> military : vessel was capable of transporting more than 7 tons of cocaine .  31-meter-long sub could submerge to a depth of 9 meters , authorities say .  similar vessel was seized in mexico in 200 .
 opinion : has the nsa gone rogue ? <sec> evidence indicates that the nsa stores contents of phone conversations and e-mails .  nsa can investigate only when it can show reason it might be linked to foreign threat .  christopher slobogin : if it is monitoring many thousands of calls , are all those justified ? .  slobogin : congress must make sure the nsa abides by the laws it has enacte .
 islamic militants claim american carried out suicide attack in syria <sec> video shows a recent suicide attack on government troops in northern syria .  radical islamists : one of the attackers is american , identified as abu hurayra .  u.s. official : man likely had an american connection , but it 's not fully confirmed .  u.s. officials have expressed concerns about americans fighting in syri .
 think before you get all wrapped up <sec> salons claim body wraps , which are gaining popularity , help you lose inches .  many kinds of materials are available for the treatment , which costs $ 50 to $ 100 .  it could cause dehydration or allergic reactions , dr. erica brownfield says .  there is no scientific data to support the claims of body wraps , she say .
 anti-poaching 'war ' to save rhinos whose horns are more valuable than gold <sec> a record 1,020 rhinos have been poached in south africa in 2014 .  veterinarians and rangers are relocating rhinos in the country 's kruger national park .  rhinos are targeted for their horns , which are wrongly believed to have medicinal value .  insatiable demand in asia means rhino horn is worth more per ounce than gold , platinu .
 pakistan 's world cup stitch-up <sec> pakistan is leading exporter of hand-stitched soccer balls .  this year , pakistan could produce 70 percent of the global supply .  one pakistani company is the prime supplier to adidas .  each ball must comply with tough fifa regulation .
 couple pay off $ 46,000 in debt , throw party <sec> sherrie muldoon : `` when we mailed that last check ... .  i just burst out into tears '' .  how did they pay off $ 46,244 in less than four years ? .  drastic lifestyle changes .  she also took extra jobs on weekends , such as cleaning office buildings .  even party was on the cheap ; she served ham from a couple of pigs she raise .
 marshals nab fugitive after 30 years on lam <sec> inspector : `` he just let out a big sigh and said , 'yeah , you 're right -- you got me ' '' .  u.s . .  marshals allege that ian jackson macdonald faked a heart attack to escape .  a 1980 canadian arrest warrant charges him with smuggling marijuana .  u.s . .  marshals say the 71-year-old changed his name and hid for 30 year .
