 b.b . king cancels remaining tour dates due to illness <sec> b.b . .  king has canceled the remaining eight gigs of his current tour .  the 89-year-old legend became ill following an october 3 show .  he 's been diagnosed with dehydration and exhaustio .
 more deaths feared in pakistan as flood waters recede <sec> more than 1,600 die from pakistan flooding .  1.2 million homes are destroyed .  un spokesman : `` the floods seem determined to outrun our response .
 ebola doctor in sierra leone contracts the virus <sec> dr. sheik humarr khan is being treated in kailahun , sierra leone .  the ministry of health took to facebook to deny reports the doctor died .  khan had been overseeing ebola treatment and isolation unit .
 u.n. delays vote on sending more troops to ivory coast <sec> new : the vote is delayed until wednesday .  new : the security council president expresses confidence it will be adopted .  raila odinga , serving as the african union 's mediator , met with gbagbo on monda .
 how '99p ' stores made african businessman millions <sec> nadir lalani , founder of 99p stores talks about growing a business in recession .  lalani says the key to the success of his business is making fast decisions in buying .  recession helps his business model as it profits from offering better value , says lalani .  lalani says he is also looking for opportunities in investing in manufacturing in afric .
 burned teen 's mom : 'it 's been a roller coaster ride ' <sec> new : teen uses ozzy osbourne cd to get through painful therapy , mom says .  mother of burned teen says she 's inspired by his strength as he struggles to heal .  15-year-old michael brewer was set on fire last month , allegedly by other teens .  three youths are charged with the attack and have pleaded not guilt .
 south african town accused of keeping apartheid alive <sec> the south african community of kleinfontein is accused of keeping apartheid 's ideals alive .  apartheid was a policy of systematic racial discrimination .  a kleinfontein spokeswoman says it is a `` cultural community '' for afrikaaners only .  its residents are accused of using culture and heritage to discriminate against black peopl .
 soccer city to host rugby international <sec> soccer city will host a rugby union international between south africa and new zealand .  johannesburg stadium was the scene of south africa 's most famous freedom rallies .  rugby in the country has traditionally been dominated by whites .  the august 21 fixture will be springboks ' first home game of 2010 tri-nations serie .
 23 dead in tanzania flooding <sec> more than 4,000 families have been affected .  thee consecutive days of were heaviest in 57 years , newspaper reports .  high tide also contributed to flooding , aid official tells u.n. radi .
 8 ways to love a tiny cape cod oasis <sec> the town where the pilgrims first landed is also home to a century-old art colony .  norman mailer and tennessee williams came to the cape 's beach shacks to create .  the beauty of cape cod national seashore still inspires legions of painters .  the town 's waning portuguese influence can still be found in its dinin .
 'the walking dead ' : top 3 moments from midseason premiere <sec> `` the walking dead 's '' midseason premiere focused on michonne , rick and carl .  part of the episode filled in some of michonne 's backstory .  it also highlighted carl 's transition into adulthoo .
 fbi allegedly caught using gps to spy on student <sec> a california student found a gps tracker on his car , which he says belongs to the fbi .  a friend of the student posted pictures of the device to the social news website reddit .  the student says he was confronted by fbi agents , who asked him to return the gizm .
 miss usa to behar : pole-dancing pictures were all in fun <sec> miss usa rima fakih downplays significance of photographs that emerged online this week .  she says pole-dancing pictures were part of radio station promotion .  she says her family is from muslim background but not defined by religio .
 robbed ! the screening room 's top ten oscars that were n't . <sec> stanley kubrick and alfred hitchcock never won a best director oscar .  perennial critics ' favorite `` citizen kane '' was almost entirely passed over .  blockbusters `` forrest gump '' and `` titanic '' prevented great movies taking honors .  razzies `` honor '' poor cinema , big winners are sylvester stallone and madonn .
 jaycee dugard opens up after 18-year kidnapping ordeal <sec> jaycee dugard is featured on the cover of the new issue of people magazine .  `` i 'm so happy to be back with my family , '' dugard tells the magazine .  couple is accused of abducting dugard in 1991 and keeping her captive for 18 years .  police say her two daughters were fathered by her captor phillip garrid .
 china looks to lead the internet of things <sec> the internet of things market in china is expected to hit $ 80.3 billion in 2015 .  beijing has earmarked $ 800 million for iot investment by 2015 .  china has created state-funded zones like chengdu internet of things technology institute .  beijing aims to become a global leader in setting iot global standard .
 why depardieu 's 'pathetic ' desertion has caused french storm <sec> russian president vladimir putin has bestowed russian citizenship on actor gérard depardieu .  for depardieu , a public war of words erupted , with many in france disgusted by his move .  depardieu more than anyone , represents the gallic spirit , says agnes poirier .  majority of french people disapprove of his action but ca n't help loving him , she add .
 gordon brown : it 's time to fund education for syrian refugee children <sec> more than 400,000 syrian children have fled to lebanon to avoid the civil war .  a new scheme extends school hours in lebanon so more children can be educated .  gordon brown is urging governments with aid budgets to help fund the initiativ .
 can muslim brotherhood unite egypt ? <sec> mohammed ayoob : muslim brotherhood lost half its support between the two elections .  the brotherhood ca n't govern by itself with support of only 22 % of electorate , he writes .  ayoob : mubarak-linked candidate did well , but social justice proponent did well , too .  liberals , nasserists and brotherhood must form their own coalition , ayoob write .
 beyond wall street : 'occupy ' protests go global <sec> facebook calls for a global `` occupy '' protest on october 15 similar to the wall street protests .  demonstrations in more than 25 countries from ireland to italy , hong kong to chile .  `` occupy the london stock exchange '' plans nearly two months of demonstrations .  melbourne organizer : `` we are inspired by what 's happening on wall street .
 japan hostage crisis hinata yamaguchi <sec> an isis supporter 's video suggests a japanese hostage has been killed .  ryo hinata-yamaguchi : a more assertive policy will expose japan to more conflic .
 airports , schools closed as thick smog blankets chinese city of harbin <sec> visibility in some central areas of the city down to less than 20 meters ( 65 feet ) , xinhua said .  pollution levels 30 times the world health organization 's recommended standard .  government officials blame lack of wind as well as farmers burning crop stalk .
 venezuelan president hugo chavez dies <sec> official : maduro will temporarily assume the presidency until elections are held .  a state funeral for chavez will be held friday , venezuela 's foreign minister says .  venezuela 's defense minister says troops are deploying to ensure safety .  `` we must unite now more than ever , '' venezuela 's vice president say .
 korean air facts <sec> korean air was established as a private airline in march 1969 .  it has a fleet of 124 planes and operates almost 400 passenger flights per day .  it is a founding member of skyteam , the global airlines allianc .
 senate blocks military sexual assault bill <sec> senate bill was championed by new york sen. kirsten gillibrand .  it would have removed military commanders from decisions on key prosecutions .  opponents said congress is already addressing the matter .  a spike in military sex assaults has prompted executive and legislative actio .
 mohamed morsy 's son : 'dad , you are the legitimate leader ' <sec> new : 70 % of ministerial posts filled , interim prime minister says , state media reports .  osama morsy calls his dad 's ouster `` a coup on democracy ... the constitution and the will of the people '' .  he has not spoken to his father since mohamed morsy was taken into custody by the armed force .
 texas rangers fan who died at game to be honored with statue <sec> shannon stone and his son will be depicted in a bronze statue , the rangers say .  stone , 39 , died in july after falling over a railing at rangers ballpark .  he was trying to catch a ball tossed into the stand .
 new york man gets nearly 10 years for hate crime against cabbie <sec> new : defendant took responsibility , apologized , his lawyer says .  michael enright , 24 , pleaded guilty two weeks ago to hate crime charges .  taxi driver ahmed sharif was slashed on his neck , face , shoulder and hand in 2010 .  enright 's lawyer has said his client suffered from alcoholism and post-traumatic stres .
 conviction in myspace suicide case tentatively overturned <sec> california u.s. district judge george wu decided to not uphold the jury 's finding .  prosecutors based case on federal computer crimes statute wu is now challenging .  jury convicted lori drew in november for accessing protected computers .  prosecution said drew used myspace to inflict emotional distress on megan meie .
 cnn heroes : helping teen moms succeed in college <sec> nicole lynn lewis faced rejection and isolation as a teen mom with college dreams .  now she helps other teenage parents beat the odds like she did and get their degrees .  her nonprofit provides tuition assistance , mentoring and life skills training .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2014 cnn heroe .
 what does the rising dow mean ? <sec> mark thoma : the latest dow number is not really a record when adjusted for inflation .  thoma : it 's good that the stock market is doing well , but it 's not a reliable predictor of economy .  he says federal reserve 's policy of quantitative easing has contributed to dow 's rise .  thoma : general optimism has also helped push the stock market u .
 justices rule for death row inmate after legal mistakes <sec> an `` uncommon combination of mishaps '' justifies allowing an appeal , the court says .  cory maples was unable to pursue appeals after a series of mistakes .  justice scalia , in dissent , says the ruling imperils the `` orderly system of criminal litigation .
 over 270 killed in india floods <sec> death toll from floods in india has now reached 271 .  over a million people have been forced to flee their homes .  over 450,000 people in southern state of karnataka housed in 1,330 relief camp .
 samaritans send boxes to kurdish refugees <sec> volunteers helped load 60,000 boxes of gifts to bring to refugees worldwide .  those include those displaced by the isis campaign in iraq and syria .  samaritan 's purse is a christian organization headed up by the son of billy graha .
 infection arcs across glaxosmithkline 's china network in bribery probe <sec> china accuses glaxosmithkline of funneling $ 500bn to bribe gov't , medical officials .  money allegedly used to encourage use of gsk products , artificially boost prices .  chinese authorities have detained four chinese gsk executives , one uk national .  gsk is one of the world 's largest pharmaceutical firms , with 97,000 employee .
 is 2013 the 'year of the gay ? ' <sec> john d. sutter and will cain talk about the rapid culture shift on gay rights .  the conversation comes as the supreme court hears two same-sex marriage cases .  sutter says 2012 or 2013 will be remembered as the `` year of the gay '' .  cain : outcome of court hearing could stop culture shift in its track .
 north korea says it 's holding american <sec> korean-american missionary robert park is believed to be held in north korea .  park told relatives he was trying to sneak in to bring message of `` christ 's love and forgiveness '' .  korea central news agency : american taken into custody after entering from china .  u.s. state department concerned by reports about park but could not confirm the .
 larry and jane glazer helped shape rochester , new york <sec> larry glazer helped reshape rochester through his development firm since 1970 .  jane glazer became an entrepreneur after quitting her teaching job in 1983 .  she sold microwave cookware through catalogs and the internet .  the couple loved adventure and flying plane .
 mexico irked by pope francis ' choice of word <sec> the pope sent an email to a friend lamenting drug trafficking in his native argentina .  mexico contacted a vatican diplomat over the pontiff 's choice of term .
 kimi raikkonen threatens walkout as lotus pay row rumbles on <sec> kimi raikkonen hints at lotus walkout .  raikkonen unhappy about not being paid yet for 2013 season .  lotus fourth in constructors ' championship heading into final three races .  sebastian vettel fastest in practice at yas marina .
 tsvangirai rules out foul play in fatal crash <sec> tsvangirai : `` it was an accident that took her life '' .  pm returned home from botswana and addressed mourners at his residence .  much speculation the wreck was caused by his political opponents .  former u.s. ambassador to zimbabwe said the wreck raised suspicio .
 yazidis get relief , reason to cheer as kurds take town <sec> kurdish council says peshmerga takes town of sinjar , nearby villages .  morale is high , isis fighters are fleeing toward strongholds , council adds .  this push comes against isis is part of a recent , coalition push in northern iraq .  32 truckloads of food , water , other aid head to those on iraq 's sinjar mountai .
 six new european astronauts prepare for final frontier <sec> 2 italians , a dane , a german , a frenchman and briton make astronaut list .  six new astronauts named wednesday chosen from 8,400 candidates .  group will undergo four years of training in german .
 u.s. trials for h1n1 vaccine announced <sec> human trials for h1n1 flu vaccine start august , says university of maryland .  concern about h1n1 grew after it spread around the globe earlier this year .  patients will be monitored two months for safety issues , followed by checkups .  vaccine so far tested only in animals , where it has shown to be effectiv .
 india defines night to curb noise <sec> indian policy-makers have defined nighttime to control pervasive noise .  residents will have to keep their noise below new limits .  noise-monitoring stations to be installed in major cities like new delhi , and mumbai by septembe .
 u.s. sub leaked radioactive water , possibly for months <sec> leak was found on the uss houston during routine maintenance last month .  navy officials say amount of radiation leaked into water was virtually undetectable .  sub spent time at ports in guam , japan and hawaii .  officials : radiation was `` negligible '' and an `` extremely low level .
 isis forces enter kobani , sources say <sec> new : source says `` it 's the last chance to leave '' for kobani defenders .  isis fighters have taken part of a strategic hill near kobani , sources say .  isis fighters have entered the southeastern edge of the city , the sources said .  pakistani taliban issues statement supporting isi .
 yoga for super bowl stars and weekend warriors <sec> many teams and individual players across the nfl have been practicing yoga for years .  yoga techniques they use to stay focused can work for everyon .
 brazil 's high-tech hub grows in sao paulo 's brooklin <sec> avenida berrini in brooklin , sao paulo , is brazil 's up-and-coming high-tech hub .  commercial transformation began with economic shift to sao paulo in 1960 's .  berrini is home to both foreign and local multinational brands and software start-ups .  brazil has an exploding mobile-phone penetration rate of 80 percen .
 iaea signs cooperation deal with tehran <sec> no results in weekend talks on iran 's nuclear program .  but international atomic energy agency hopes for better luck with deal signed monday .  iaea chief : `` this is an important step , but this is a first step .
 united miss penalty in semifinal stalemate <sec> manchester united earn 0-0 draw away to barcelona in first leg of semifinal .  united 's top scorer cristiano ronaldo misses penalty in the third minute .  barca dominated champions league tie but could not breach united 's defense .  goalkeeper edwin van der sar made several saves but not seriously teste .
 tracking michelle obama 's slave roots <sec> cnn visits plantation where michelle obama 's slave roots began .  her great-great grandfather is believed to have been a slave on friendfield plantation .  anywhere from 200 to 500 slaves lived on the plantation over the years .  he likely lived in a tiny white-washed slave house on the propert .
 doodle outcry : chinese internet giants in sexism row <sec> international women 's day doodles stir controversy in china .  baidu and youku depict women as girls , brides and mothers .  feminist activists held by police over the weeken .
 what we know about the mumbai attacks <sec> gunmen arrived by boats , split into at least three groups , authorities say .  british authorities : indian navy probing ship where boats may have originated .  more than 120 people killed in mumbai attacks since wednesday .  gunmen still believed to be in two hotels , jewish residence on friday mornin .
 internet of things , or idiot ? <sec> jeff yang : the buzzword in tech is `` internet of things , '' where devices are interconnected .  he says fall for the gadgets if you want , the price is just a thick wad of bills out of your walle .
 ex-wife of infamous 'd.c . sniper ' felt guilty about shootings <sec> john muhammad 's second ex-wife , mildred , believes she was ultimate target of sniper spree .  muhammad : for long time , i felt extreme guilt for victims that were gunned down .  carol williams , his first ex-wife , plans to visit muhammad before execution and bring son .  muhammad has maintained his innocence in the deaths of at least 10 people in 200 .
 richard branson 's atlantic virgin challenger ii returns to the waves <sec> richard branson 's record-breaking speedboat discovered in spanish boatyard .  british boat builder plans to restore virgin atlantic challenger ii .  virgin media mogul backs ambitious plan to return boat to britain .  sleek speedboat epitomized 1980s technological spiri .
 elgin baylor on donald sterling : 'justice has been served ' <sec> elgin baylor once sued sterling for age discrimination , but lost .  baylor 's wife : 'he 's not that blatant . .  he 's a very smart man ' .  hall of famer says sterling would bring women to locker room while players showered .  elgin baylor thinks legal fight over sterling 's ownership of the clippers is likel .
 opinion : new climate rules are a breath of fresh air <sec> donna brazile argues that new epa rules protect families and communities of color .  the regulations place tough limits on emissions from coal-fired power plants .  air pollution , she says , is one of the prime causes of climate change and extreme weathe .
 red-wine caramel apples for halloween <sec> red-wine caramel apples are a great treat for adults on halloween .  red wine deepens the caramel flavor and adds fruitiness .  for other boozy variations , substitute bourbon , amaretto liqueur or frangelico for the win .
 nigeria 's peace 'the peace of a graveyard ' <sec> boko haram is an islamic militant group that wants to enforce a slamic law in nigeria .  nigeria 's president has declared emergencies in three states where the group operates .  albert says the military 's tactics are not working and it is failing to win hearts and minds .  many northerners share some of the group 's grievances against the state , he say .
 tunisia elections raise global hopes for arab democracy <sec> tunisia could offer `` powerful signal '' that democracy can work in the arab world , analyst says .  tunisians vote for first post-revolution parliament .  election comes amid rising extremism and economic failure .  more than 100 political parties are runnin .
 fda requires new labels for over-the-counter painkillers <sec> fda requires otc painkillers to carry new warnings on liver damage , bleeding risks .  new rule covers acetaminophen ( tylenol ) and nsaids ( aspirin and ibuprofen ) .  ibuprofen is the main ingredient in motrin and advil , naproxen and ketoprofen .  manufacturers have one year from today 's date to re-label their product .
 trial 's pivotal issue : was anna nicole an addict , or in pain ? <sec> smith 's doctors are charged with using fake names on drug prescriptions .  her boyfriend also is charged in a conspiracy to provide drugs to an addict .  a defense lawyer says smith was not an addict , but she was seeking pain relief .  the reality tv star died of `` drug intoxication '' in 200 .
