 off-duty officer shoots , kills man in st. louis <sec> police : officer fired at least 17 shots , the suspect at least 3 .  the officer was not injured ; a gun was recovered .  an investigation is underway .  protests are planned this weekend in ferguson and st. loui .
 five stories you may have missed during boston bombings <sec> a deadly wave of bombings blasted iraq ahead of elections on saturday .  trial of controversial breast implant company founder under way in france .  a powerful earthquake struck the pakistan-iran border region .  pakistani court confines former president pervez musharraf to his hom .
 major changes coming to 2016 sat test <sec> college board 's sat test will undergo its first major changes since 2005 .  test will align with high school curricula and return to a 1600 scoring scale .  free test preparation will be offered through the college board and khan academy .  the new test will be available to students in spring 201 .
 black actors still face oscar challenges <sec> hattie mcdaniel was the first black performer to win an academy award .  reporter says 2002 was a breakthrough year for black actors .  in 80 years , 11 black actors have been awarded oscars .  there should be a complexity of roles for black actors , professor say .
 chris brown 's ex karrueche tran gives interview <sec> tran and brown have had an on-again , off again relationship .  they broke it off recently amid reports that he fathered child with another woman .  he once publicly proclaimed being in love with both her and rihann .
 for upper midwest and new england , winter is not done yet <sec> up to 6 inches of snow expected in boston .  new england mountains should see more than a foot of precipitation .  tornado hits tennessee county on monday afternoon .  roads closed in north dakota , minnesota due to blowing sno .
 egypt bans movie 'exodus ' <sec> egypt bans the movie `` exodus : gods and kings '' .  ministry of culture cites `` historical inaccuracies '' .  the movie portrays the biblical story of enslaved jews fleeing egyp .
 evangelicals step back from gay marriage fight <sec> evangelical leaders are n't listing opposition to gay marriage as their top priority .  they 're instead more focused on protecting religious liberties .  gop is largely ignoring the issu .
 is america the moral leader in the world ? <sec> michael barnett : fourth of july is also about celebrating our values , like human rights .  barnett : america has not fallen behind in providing moral leadership in the world .  he says the current period is no different from earlier times , it is not `` unusual '' or `` cruel '' .  barnett : simply put , the u.s. has consistently chosen national interests over value .
 how america 's top general came to endorse women in combat <sec> new : army developing new physical tests to implement the policy .  new : veteran says the military will be pressured to lower standards .  joint chiefs of staff chairman says female gunner changed his perspective .  panetta says american women are already fighting and dying oversea .
 brazil coach menezes sacked ahead of 2014 world cup <sec> brazil has fired coach mano menezes with immediate effect .  menezes has been under fire since olympics failure .  south american country is set to host world cup in 2014 .  brazil will appoint new coach in january according to official .
 witchcraft in tanzania : the good , bad and the persecution <sec> some 60 % of tanzanians believe sacrifices to spirits or ancestors can protect them from harm .  witchcraft serves to explain things that are inexplicable to those in rural villages without education , says anthropology professor .  albinos suffer discrimination and sometimes danger because some people believe their body parts bring great wealt .
 iran , syria warn of retribution for israeli airstrike <sec> new : united nations secretary-general expresses `` grave concern '' about airstrike .  iran , russia and hezbollah condemn the attack .  syrian reports that strike hit research center are wrong , u.s. official says .  sources say the airstrike hit a convoy hauling missile part .
 at least 8 die in blast at pakistani mosque <sec> child among 8 killed in peshawar mosque blast , hospital says ; dozens injured .  explosion happened during evening prayers , police say .  an undetonated bomb was found at a mosque thursday about 30 miles away , police sa .
 bolt battles to victory in monaco <sec> usain bolt edges out fellow jamaican nesta carter in 100m race in monaco .  world champion set his season 's best time of 9.88 seconds despite his poor start .  he will defend his three titles at the world championships in south korea .  u.s. women dominate 200m race with carmelita jeter beating world champion allyson feli .
 justin bieber arrest : celebs offer sympathy but jokes , too <sec> lady gaga and ariana grande are supporting justin bieber after his arrest .  others such as ellen degeneres express concern about his safety .  bieber 's friend lil za tweets that `` he 's fine , '' but `` nobody 's happy '' .  arrest is fodder for late-night comics and other celebritie .
 new transplant technology keeps organs 'alive ' outside body <sec> in europe , surgeons can keep donor hearts and lungs `` alive '' during transport .  clinical trials on the live organ transplant device are wrapping up in the united states .  scientists hope to increase donor pool , improve patient outcome .
 messi and ronaldo ensure honors shared in 222nd el clasico <sec> barcelona draw 2-2 with real madrid in el clasico .  two goals apiece from lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo .  catalan giants barcelona stay eight points clear of arch-rivals .  game held against backdrop of growing demands for indepedence for cataloni .
 ten of the best fictional parents <sec> good parents in fiction are often hard to find .  some fictional parents , like atticus finch , teach their children an important lesson .  mr. and mrs. quimby from `` ramona '' are patient , loving and imperfect , like real parents .  `` jungle book '' has unconventional , but loyal , parents and godparent .
 sudan delegation to leave darfur peace talks <sec> the sudanese government is leaving peace talks with rebels from darfur .  the president has been indicted for war crimes there .  roughly 300,000 have been killed in darfur since 200 .
 judge bars consumer , environmental groups in italian cruise ship inquiry <sec> judge in the costa concordia case admits giglio island and a civil agency as injured parties .  the captain and 7 more employees are being investigated .  skipper francesco schettino was n't wearing his glasses , first officer told investigators .  schettino could n't adjust instruments because he could n't see , first officer say .
 gates says missile attacks in pakistan will continue <sec> defense secretary says efforts to root out al qaeda in pakistan will continue .  robert gates says greatest military challenge is afghanistan .  two more brigades planned for afghanistan by spring , a third by summer , he says .  gates says military working on range of options for withdrawing troops from ira .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> mme takes a look at iraq 's current construction boom .  the boom means profits for foreign firms but not for iraq 's construction companies .  plus mme talks to the kurdish prime minister about the growing investment to the region .
 how to learn a foreign language online <sec> web sites such as livemocha have language exchange among site users .  iphone applications allow foreign language study on the go .  rosetta stone works by immersion but is expensive .  person 's ability to learn languages never goes away , expert say .
 28 killed as ferry sinks in bangladesh <sec> overcrowded ferry capsizes in bangladesh , killing at least 28 people .  boat had capacity of 1,500 , but was overcrowded with about 2,000 people .  they were traveling from capital dhaka to their homes in bhola for muslim festival of eid al-adh .
 ignore flap over obama letter <sec> alleged obama letter to iran 's supreme leader sparks controversy .  critics of correspondence missing the point , alireza nader says .  u.s. has chance to leverage pressure on iran , nader say .
 australian trainer freedman eyes singapore gold cup glory <sec> australian michael freedman has become a leading trainer in singapore .  freedman has had to adapt the horse racing scene in singapore .  heat and humidity the biggest challenges .  freedman hopes to train winner in prestigious singapore gold cu .
 fbi uses drones for surveillance in u.s. - cnnpolitics.com <sec> fbi director robert mueller says agency uses drones in certain difficult cases .  mueller revealed the drone use in testimony before the senate judiciary committee .  sen. grassley seeks answers from attorney general eric holder on fbi drones .  faa predicts 10,000 civilian drones will be in use in the u.s. within five year .
 former nascar champ kurt busch loses suspension appeals <sec> kurt busch 's second appeal was denied by a nascar official on saturday night .  the suspension is indefinite and nascar has n't said publicly what the driver will have to do to be reinstated .  commissioner in delaware ruled in civil court that busch likely assaulted a former girlfrien .
 african ambition : tiny nations host football feast <sec> africa cup of nations to be hosted by gabon and equatorial guinea .  it is the first time either country has hosted continent 's showpiece event .  the duo are the smallest countries ever to host , leading to security fears .  the last tournament in angola was overshadowed by a shooting on togo squa .
 5 aftershocks from cantor 's stunning upset loss <sec> cantor 's loss is sending `` shivers '' through the house republican party .  house leadership shakeup - cantor is expected to resign as majority leader .  with cantor 's defeat , the tea party is not dead , but immigration reform probably is .  political climate in washington already poison , but cantor loss likely will make it harder to do anythin .
 dna proves bolsheviks killed all of russian czar 's children <sec> researchers compared dna of remains with that of living romanov relatives .  results of the dna analysis were published online tuesday in the journal plos one .  the romanovs , the last russian monarchy , were executed in 1918 by bolshevik .
 xavi strike puts barcelona back on top of la liga <sec> barcelona beat granada 1-0 to regain leadership of la liga .  zavi hernandez scores only goal of game with a fine free kick .  juventus back on top in ialy after 2-1 win over fiorentina .  manchester united beat aldershot to reach last eight of english league cu .
 'housewives ' star sheridan says slap from show 's creator was 'humiliating ' <sec> nicollette sheridan returns to the witness stand friday in her case against producer marc cherry .  her lawyer asks sheridan to show on him in full force how she says marc cherry hit her on `` desperate housewives '' set .  `` it was shocking , humiliating , it was demeaning , '' she said . .  it was `` a light tap on the head '' to demonstrate `` physical humor , '' cherry 's lawyer say .
 wimbledon 2014 : li na exits to czech : djokovic through <sec> second seed li na crashes out of wimbledon .  barbora zahlavova strycova beats her in straight sets .  novak djokovic survives injury scare to progress in men 's singles .  defending champion andy murray eases into last 1 .
 as andrea comes ashore over west florida , southeast braces for floods <sec> woman is hospitalized after being hit by debris that crashes through window .  flash flood watches extend up the east coast , from florida to maine .  washington and new york are among the cities that may see andrea-related flooding .  the forecast warns rains and storm surges could cause problems in coastal area .
 mubarak clings to life in cairo hospital <sec> mubarak slips in and out of consciousness but is still alive , a government spokesman says .  the longtime egyptian ruler was ousted in a 2011 revolt .  he was sentenced to life in prison on june .
 olympic swim champion cielo escapes drugs ban <sec> brazil 's olympic swimming champion cesar cielo escapes drugs ban .  special panel of court of arbitration of sport gives cielo a warning .  cielo can defend his 50 and 100m freestyle titles at shanghai worlds .  cielo and three other teammates tested positive for banned diureti .
 hassan rouhani , a moderate , is iran 's next president <sec> hassan rouhani succeeds mahmoud ahmadinejad as president .  he promises greater personal freedoms without threatening iran 's supreme leader .  israeli prime minister : the world should n't let up on sanctions for iran 's nuclear program .  `` it 's not democracy as we know it , '' britain 's prime minister says of the iranian electio .
 michael jackson had history of health problems <sec> jackson was burned while singing for a pepsi-cola commercial in 1984 .  his skin condition , vitiligo , causes a person to lose melanin , the pigment in skin .  jackson collapsed in 1995 from apparent dehydration and low blood pressure .  more rumors emerged in may that jackson had skin cancer , but were discredite .
 carvalho seals reunion with mourinho at real madrid <sec> ricardo carvalho rejoins his former coach jose mourinho at real madrid .  it is second time the former chelsea and inter coach has signed the 32-year-old .  portugal defender is the spanish club 's fifth signing of the close seaso .
 japanese girl born to indian surrogate arrives home <sec> surrogacy has been legal in india since 2002 .  some countries have banned the practice as a money-making venture .  a few months before manjhi was born , the couple divorced .  the intended japanese mother decided she did not want the bab .
 parents of 18 wonder how octuplet mom will cope <sec> jim bob and michelle duggar have 18 children , are subject of reality show .  the duggars have managed to stay debt-free by buying used and saving difference .  michelle on octuplets ' mom : `` i just ca n't imagine having eight at once '' .  maybe when octuplets are older , mom could handle doing reality show , jim bob say .
 the masters : matt jones earns augusta debut with dramatic houston win <sec> australian golfer matt jones wins final masters place with sensational finish in houston .  the 33-year-old catches leader matt kuchar at final hole and chips in during playoff .  it is the second successive sunday that kuchar is beaten by an australian .  jones ' first pga tour win makes up for lapse last year that cost him augusta spo .
 opinion : dallas comes to terms with jfk 's murder <sec> julian read : since the jfk assassination in 1963 , dallas has changed .  he says dallas was targeted as `` a city of hate '' that brought about jfk 's murder .  read : dallas has avoided acknowledging the assassination over the years .  read : this year , city hosts jfk tributes marking 50th anniversary of his deat .
 laser surgery in wrong hands can be dangerous <sec> woman says salon failed to remove her tattoo and caused painful scarring .  laser procedures can be performed by persons with limited training .  kentucky is the only state that requires a doctor be in the room during surgery .
 muamba recovering after collapse ; petrov diagnosed with leukaemia <sec> fabrice muamba releases photo of himself in london hospital .  muamba recovering after suffering heart attack in english fa cup tie .  bolton midfielder is pictured sitting up and smiling .  aston villa star stiliyan petrov diagnosed with acute leukaemi .
 who is alex hribal , the suspect in the pennsylvania school stabbings ? <sec> alex hribal , 16 , faces 4 counts of attempted homicide , 21 counts of aggravated assault .  he is accused of going on a stabbing rampage at his pennsylvania high school .  hribal 's lawyer describes his client as `` a typical young kid '' who has `` never been in trouble '' .  `` he 's scared ... .  he 's 16 , looks like he 's 12 , '' attorney patrick thomassey tells reporter .
 rare jackson portrait finds harlem home <sec> oil painting said to be the only portrait for which michael jackson sat .  painting is displayed at harlem-based automotive showroom .  it shows jackson in renaissance-era clothes , holding a book .  partner : painting 's owner chose showroom because it 's near apollo theate .
 unable to overcome jellyfish , nyad will not attempt crossing again <sec> swimmer diana nyad says she will not attempt cuba-to-florida crossing again .  nyad says toxic jellyfish are too much to overcome .  `` it 's not easy for me to let go of this dream , '' she sai .
 71-year-old nun raped in india , official says <sec> official says men broke into a convent school and one sexually assaulted a septuagenarian nun .  a series of publicized rapes have occurred in india in recent year .
 st. louis protesters disrupt black friday shopping <sec> seattle demonstrators clash with authorities at christmas tree lighting .  new york police make a handful of arrests as protesters march .  delays reported at transit station in oakland because of `` civil unrest '' .  ferguson residents shared turkey , other treats with national guard troop .
 black friday shopper accused of gun threat <sec> a woman allegedly threatens to shoot other shoppers waiting in line .  lanessa l. lattimore , 21 , cut in front of `` several hundred shoppers '' at a toys r us .  police arrested lattimore , but no gun was found at the scen .
 investigation finds u.s. military hardware easy to buy , ship <sec> watchdog agency gao buys military hardware , ships it overseas with ease .  lawmaker : `` gigantic loophole '' allows enemies to get u.s. technology .  hardware that can be used in nuclear devices and ground fighting purchased .  `` the scandal here may be what is legal , not what is illegal , '' representative say .
 sony hack : how to beat north korea ( opinion ) <sec> christian whiton : direct cyber-retaliation against north korea poses challenges .  whiton : responding to cyberattacks is a new area for statecraft .  united states should maintain escalatory dominance , he say .
 if this is the debris of malaysia airlines flight 370 , what next ? <sec> `` it 's ok weather , with some fog , '' shipowners association spokesman says .  australian satellites have spotted a field of debris floating in the indian ocean .  first , searchers must find the debris and mark the spot .  second , they must see the debris to determine if it is from flight 37 .
 court blocks hospital from disconnecting jahi mcmath from life support <sec> move means the hospital can not disconnect the girl until january 7 .  the family of jahi mcmath says they have located a facility willing to take her .  the 13-year-old suffered complications after tonsil surgery .  doctors and a judge have declared her brain dea .
 older brother : trayvon martin was a happy teen , not violent <sec> trayvon martin was a happy teenager , older brother says .  he tells `` ac360 '' his brother was n't violent , confrontational .  they went horseback riding a week before trayvon died .  george zimmerman claims he acted in self-defens .
 opinion : 97 of your story ideas <sec> john sutter asks readers to vote on the stories he 'll cover .  the vote is part of the change the list project , focused on social justice .  voting ends at 2 p.m . .  et monday : cnn.com/changethelist .  sutter also took suggestions for a wild-card topic ; he lists 97 of the .
 how corrupt nigerian politician was brought to justice in the uk <sec> former governor james ibori embezzled an estimated $ 250 million from the people of delta state .  he was caught by an investigative unit funded by the same body that delivers aid to africa .  campaigners question the role of british banks in facilitating african corruptio .
 western powers set to increase aid for syrian rebels <sec> france considers sending syrian rebels night-vision gear and body armor , a source says .  britain 's foreign secretary says the uk will announce new aid soon .  united states will send non-lethal aid to rebels , plus $ 60 million in administrative ai .
 thrift store mp3 player contains secret military files <sec> new zealander finds confidential u.s. military files on a used mp3 player .  man bought player for $ 9 a year ago at an oklahoma thrift store .  owner says he 'll happily hand over the player to the u.s. military if he is aske .
 and the best u.s. airline rewards program is ... . <sec> southwest airlines tops consumer reports ' survey , with the most seats available .  jetblue is at the bottom of the list but ranks high in customer satisfactio .
 apology urged for australian olympian in 1968 black power protest <sec> australian parliament debates whether to issue apology to peter norman .  norman famously supported the 1968 olympics black power salute protest .  aoc says there 's no need for an apology as peter norman was n't wronged .  norman 's family says the olympian was `` blacklisted '' after his silent political protes .
