 opinion : 6 reasons iran deal was good for america <sec> trita parsi : france scuttled a good iran-u.s. deal negotiated by the u.s. , accepted by others .  he says deal offered iran modest sanctions relief for big overhaul of its nuclear program .  parsi : it was a good deal for the u.s. , for israel , for human rights in iran , to fight al qaeda .  parsi : deal would stop inevitable escalating march to a devastating war with ira .
 europe 's elections : will the 'earthquake ' leave damage ? <sec> cnn 's jim boulden looks at the rise of fringe parties in the crucial european election .  mainstream parties must now respond to the success of protest parties , he says .  centrist parties need to act if they want to thwart the rise of fringe partie .
 opinion : no time to retreat from affirmative action , voting rights <sec> two cases before the supreme court challenge longstanding policies on race .  affirmative action and the voting rights act came out of the civil rights era of the 1960s .  julian zelizer says despite progress in racial issues , both policies are still neede .
 silent electric bike helps police keep the peace <sec> cool electric bike to help californian police department fight crime .  zero ds has top speed of 55 mph and recharges in four hours .  police forces around the world taking orders for all types of electric vehicle .
 family of georgia student suspended for teacher hug files appeal <sec> mother says an appeal filed wednesday .  sam mcnair , a senior , was suspended for sexual harassment .  he says he has never been told not to hug that teacher .  mother says she was never told that her son 's behavior was a proble .
 south america to support iberia 's 2018 world cup bid <sec> spain-portugal bid can expect to win three votes from south america next week .  conmebol official says confederation will back the iberian bid for 2018 world cup .  spain-portugal camp claimed earlier this week that it had secured eight of the 22 votes .  qatar , which is bidding for 2022 rights , has also pledged support to iberian bi .
 kenya implanting microchips in every rhino to fight poaching <sec> african nations seek ways to halt rapid poaching of rhino horns .  poachers are getting more high-tech and sophisticated as demand grows for the horns .  kenya is putting two microchips in each rhino -- one in the horn .  south african officials are dyeing rhino horns pink to discourage purchase .
 anc bans youth leader malema over criticism <sec> the sanction comes after julius malema made a speech critical of president zuma .  he is banned from taking part in any party activities , the anc 's disciplinary committee says .  he was suspended in november but allowed to attend party meetings pending appeal .  the youth leader , who helped bring zuma to power in 2009 , attracts wide popular suppor .
 israel launches rocket attack on lebanon <sec> popular front confirms attack , says there were no casualties .  israel launches rocket attack on lebanon between beirut and sidon .  israel defense force says the attack is in response to rockets fired from lebanon on thursday .  the idf said four rockets landed on israel , with two causing damage but no loss of lif .
 former olympus executives plead guilty <sec> three former olympus executives pleaded guilty on tuesday to filing false financial reports .  case in connection with a $ 1.7bn accounting fraud at the japanese camera company .  ex-president : `` as the representative director and president , i bear full responsibility .
 fbi : bombs found in alabama kidnapper 's bunker <sec> new : well-wishers sign oversized card for ethan , who turns 6 wednesday .  two bombs found in kidnapper 's bunker , fbi says .  state police : ethan released from hospital .  law enforcement used a secret camera to see inside bunker , source say .
 stradivarius fans relieved : stolen violin found in milwaukee attic <sec> new : tips lead authorities to the home where the violin was recovered , police said .  police : three are in custody in connection with theft but have n't been formally charged .  the violin , made by antonio stradivari , dates to 1715 and is worth millions .  orchestra offered a reward for safe return of the instrumen .
 nasa : international space station has ammonia leak <sec> the ammonia is leaking from a cooling loop on a solar array .  crew tried to fix a leak in the same system in november .  nasa says there is no danger to the space station crew .  three crew members are scheduled to end their mission on monda .
 china evacuates thousands of citizens from vietnam after deadly attacks <sec> china has evacuated more than 3,000 citizens from vietnam , xinhua reports .  anti-chinese protests in vietnam descended into deadly violence last week .  the unrest was provoked by chinese oil drilling in disputed waters .  vietnamese authorities have arrested hundreds and are calling for protests to sto .
 lubbock statue honors man wrongly accused of rape <sec> `` the story of tim cole is a story of inspiration and grace , '' gov . .  rick perry says .  cole died from heart condition while serving 25 years for rape he did n't commit .  lubbock honors cole with 13-foot bronze statue near texas tech campus .  city wanted to commemorate man who `` refused to take his freedom on the cheap .
 archaeologists show off rare roman find <sec> archaeologists in london find rare , valuable dish at roman cemetery .  millefiori dish was fragmented but held together for about 2,000 years .  complexity of the dish indicates it was highly-prized and valuable item .  dish on display at the museum of london dockland .
 hands-only cpr as effective as traditional , studies show <sec> pressing on chest in a hard , quick rhythm can keep cardiac arrest victims alive .  oxygen ca n't nourish cells unless circulated by beating heart or chest compressions .  in arizona last year , rescuers saved nearly a third of `` saveable '' cardiac arrest victim .
 isis bodies dropped off at syrian hospital <sec> syrian observatory says isis bodies dropped at hospital in town controlled by isis .  kurdish and iraqi forces battle isis for control of kobani on the syrian-turkish border .  brief calm in kobani punctuated by sounds of gunfir .
 quinceañeras often symbolize family 's hard work , success <sec> quinceañeras , or 15th birthday celebrations , mark a girl 's transition to womanhood .  jenny ferro , 15 , has been preparing for her celebration since she was 3 years old .  marlene ferro estimates she spent $ 20,000 on her daughter 's quinceañera .  expert : the elaborate parties are a way for latinos to say 'i have done well here .
 uk election campaign begins <sec> british prime minister david cameron formally asks queen to dissolve parliament .  move paves way for official campaigning ahead of may 7 general election .
 trucks that change lanes with the blink of an eye <sec> ehighway project aims to electrify trucks on the highway .  it uses existing tram lines technology to make trucks almost emission free .  the system is being tested near berlin , but set to move to a public road in the u.s. next yea .
 teen who killed family on donaldson ranch goes free <sec> cody posey was 14 when he killed his father , stepmother and stepsister in 2004 .  he said he snapped after years of physical and psychological abuse .  prosecution sought life without parole , but judge said he could be rehabilitated .  the new mexico ranch where the killing took place is owned by newsman sam donaldso .
 boston marathon runners for newtown safe , finished before blasts <sec> runners ran the 26.2-mile race to honor 26 victims killed at sandy hook elementary .  newtown strong 's facebook post says all of them are safe .  the group raises money for siblings of those killed in decembe .
 school shooting victim forgives the gunman - his cousin <sec> jaylen fryberg sent a selfie with a gun to an ex-girlfriend , law enforcement source says .  the shooter used text messages to get victims to sit at same lunch table , sheriff say .
 victoria 's secret petitioned to hire first transgender model <sec> fans are petitioning carmen carrera to be victoria 's secret 's first transgender angel .  carrera wants trans women to have `` respectful representation '' .  executive producer of `` rupaul 's drag race : '' it 's carmen carrera 's chance to break the `` beauty barrier '' .  victoria 's secret has no commen .
 how to make rejection work for you <sec> one man 's entrepreneurial quest turned into unexpected success .  `` 100 days of rejection '' took jiang out of his comfort zone .  it 's the fear of rejection , more than rejection itself , which holds us bac .
 cnn student news transcript - march 8 , 2013 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 japan scrambles fighters after russian jets approach island <sec> japan says it intercepted russian jets over its airspace .  the incident happened near territory disputed by japan and russia .  russia denies its jets entered japanese airspace , newspaper report .
 runways reopen after emergency landing at london heathrow airport <sec> new : british airways cancels all its short-haul flights through heathrow until 4 p.m . .  heathrow : the airport is `` fully operational '' and returning to normal after runway closures .  british airways says a plane bound for oslo had to turn back because of a technical fault .  the airbus a319 aircraft was carrying 75 passengers ; 3 were treated for minor injurie .
 u.s. tourists unknowingly buy human skulls as souvenirs <sec> the americans were stopped during a layover in athens .  the skulls were discovered when their luggage was scanned .  they were arrested , then released , police sa .
 usda quarantines 2 farms in mad cow investigation <sec> the quarantined farms are in california .  two calves were born to the cow that tested positive .  in people , symptoms of mad cow disease include psychiatric and behavioral changes .  there are four confirmed cases of mad cow disease in the u.s. since 200 .
 cnn student news transcript : october 15 , 2009 <sec> hear how questions from ordinary citizens could shape the health care debate .  make your way to moscow for a u.s.-russia meeting about missile defense .  attend a fiesta at the white house as we celebrate hispanic heritage mont .
 joy for nbc crew freed from kidnappers in syria <sec> nbc correspondent richard engel describes his crew 's five-day ordeal in syria .  `` they made us choose which one of us would be shot first , '' engel says of captors .  all the nbc crew was released unharmed after a firefight at a checkpoint .  more fighting shakes a large palestinian refugee camp in damascu .
 mexican striker de nigris dies aged 31 <sec> mexican international striker antonio de nigris has died at the age of 31 .  de nigris suffered a suspected heart attack , his greek club larissa revealed .  de nigris was capped 16 times for mexico and appeared in the 2001 copa america tournamen .
 schools given $ 25k to help kids move <sec> active schools acceleration project 's innovation competition finalists announced .  winners ' programs had to be creative , include all fitness levels .  each program each will receive $ 25,000 to invest in physical activity in school .
 who are the pro-mubarak demonstrators ? <sec> some state workers told cnn they had been ordered to protest .  anti-mubarak demonstrators say some opponents are police .  the government says the police ids are fake or stolen .  some demonstrators say mubarak is like a father to the .
 nation pauses to remember pearl harbor <sec> new : `` we stop and stand fast in memory of our heroes , '' navy regional commander says .  this year 's commemoration marks 70 years since the attacks on oahu .  the attack pulled the united states into world war ii .  the pearl harbor survivors association is disbanding this mont .
 robin williams to undergo heart surgery <sec> robin williams to have aortic valve replacement .  williams suffered shortness of breath while on tour with comedy show .  actor and comedian won oscar for performance in `` good will hunting .
 say 'i love you ' -- in so many ways <sec> every day is a good day to perform acts of love that touch , change lives .  love can be found in smile , a wink , a song , a poem or batch of cookies .  acts of love and kindness remind us what really matters .  visit sick friend , help build house with habitat for humanit .
 sampras : i hated ( and loved ) wimbledon <sec> pete sampras admits he `` hated '' playing on wimbledon 's grass in his early years .  american legend took time to adapt to the bounce of the london surface .  sampras won seven titles from 1993-2000 as he dominated at sw19 .  roger federer is still bidding to equal the men 's record held by sampra .
 after haiyan : life in tacloban 's 'danger zones ' <sec> more than 70,000 live in coastal areas designated as danger zones in the philippines .  these areas were ravaged when typhoon haiyan struck a year ago , killing thousands .  only 250 residents have been relocated to permanent resettlement sites .  the typhoon wiped out industries , making life a struggle for many survivor .
 scores remain hospitalized after armenian rally explosion <sec> gas-filled balloons exploded in the armenian capital during a political campaign rally .  154 people were hospitalized after the incident .  by saturday , medical personnel had still not discharged 76 of the victim .
 10 killed in gang violence in southwest mexico <sec> 10 people died in gang violence friday , mexico 's federal government says .  the clashes occurred in the southwestern mexican town of tecalitlan .  a day earlier , authorities killed an alleged drug cartel boss in the neighboring state of michoaca .
 iowa congressman boswell , grandson thwart home invasion <sec> the fbi is assisting in the investigation , a spokeswoman says .  an intruder physically assaults boswell 's daughter and demands money at gunpoint .  boswell , 77 , tussles with the intruder to try to yank the gun from him , his office says .  other than scrapes , the boswell family is ok , the office say .
 kerry , lugar defend pakistan aid <sec> kerry says the united states should not rush to judgment .  lugar says pakistan is `` a strategically vital country with which we must engage '' .  witnesses tell a senate committee a strategy shift is in orde .
 father charged in near-fatal beating of 2-year-old son <sec> new : lee willie dejesus , 23 , has been charged with felonies that could be upgraded to murder .  dejesus says he was teaching his son how to box .  the boy is on life support and not expected to recover , police sa .
 yemen says 3 female hostages killed <sec> south korean teacher , two german nurses in training found dead , yemen says .  initial reports cited shiite militants in abductions .  but houthi rebels blame drug cartels and regional tribes , news agency say .
 sophie gustafson : the golfer who overcame a stutter <sec> sophie gustafson is a swedish golfer who has struggled with stuttering all her life .  gustafson was part of the european team which won september 's solheim cup .  the 37-year-old gave her first television interview in the wake of the victor .
 volcano 's impact seen hundreds of miles away <sec> approximately 5,000 residents are evacuated , some by court order , officials say .  authorities coordinate the 60-kilometer transfer of cows out of the affected zone .  regional airports are shut thursday after satellite photos show the air full of ash .  clouds of ash cover nearly a third of argentina , the meteorological service say .
 gay marriage decision could have 2016 repercussions - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the supreme court decided friday to hear same-sex marriage arguments this year .  that could lead to a major decision during the early 2016 presidential race .  strategists say a decision could be welcome news to some republicans , while others are ready to figh .
 do we want a fortress white house ? ( opinion ) <sec> paul waldman : secret service director faced lawmakers over white house security breaches .  he says we spend billions on `` security theater , '' you 'd think we could protect the white house .  we overreact a lot since 9/11 , he says . .  rep. chaffetz says fence jumpers should be shot .  security vs. openness : do we want fortress white house , he asks .
 white house blasts internet piracy bills <sec> obama administration says it does not support two anti-piracy bills .  white house : `` proposed laws must not tamper with the technical architecture of the internet .
 juventus , bayern munich extend unbeaten sequences <sec> juventus downs turin rival torino 1-0 to win derby della mole .  carlos tevez scores a first-half stunner for the lone goal sunday .  bayern munich wins to increase bundesliga lead to a hefty 19 points .  atletico madrid fails to make up ground in spanish title race after losin .
 dell turns netbooks into navigation devices <sec> dell will introduce a gps and wi-fi card that can be added to its netbooks .  the company 's netbooks will be able to offer turn-by-turn directions .  makers are looking beyond traditional gps gadgets to offer software on other devices .  users will be able to geo-tag photos on flickr or check customized weather inf .
 more strikes on gaza , more rockets into israel <sec> new : palestinian official : 13-year-old girl killed by israeli airstrike .  new : israeli military : about 100 rockets from gaza since cease-fire 's end .  israel and hamas criticize one another for not doing more to halt violenc .
 opinion : weiner : hate media ? love me <sec> azi paybarah : weiner falling in polls but still draws most attention ; trying to leverage that .  he says weiner slamming press , using media criticism to show he 's ready to be ny mayor .  he says media criticism is n't over old details of sexting but new revelations weiner kept doing it .  paybarah : with primary looming , painting himself as independent may be his best sho .
 elizabeth warren : dems must `` stand up and fight '' <sec> elizabeth warren is pushing fellow democrats to fight more .  warren to cnn : `` we can use a little more of standing up '' .  warren will campaign this weekend in new hampshir .
 ice shelf collapse : what does it mean ? <sec> biologist says polar animals are incredibly sensitive to temperature changes .  expert : changes `` should be taken as warning of what may be coming elsewhere '' .  the temperature in the western antarctic is up .9 degree fahrenheit .  krill may be among the first animals to have to adapt to warming temperature .
 quick sand : welcome to irish beach racing at laytown <sec> thousands flock each year to see the novelty of a full race meeting on a beach .  star jockeys and celebrities are among the throngs that come to laytown each year .  racing at irish course dates back to 1868 and usually runs come rain or shine .  safety measures have been in place since tragedy struck in 199 .
 dismantle isis brand and ideology <sec> haras rafiq : desired effect of `` jihadi john '' brand is -- a marketing tool that uses fear to promote a hateful ideology .  important we ensure we do n't allow brand to achieve objective -- to instil fear within western audience , he says .  we need civil society response that challenges extremism of all kinds as social ill , comparable to racism or homophobia , rafiq say .
 wozniacki wins dubai title ; soderling triumphs in marseille <sec> caroline wozniacki defeats russia 's svetlana kuznetsova to win dubai title .  dane will become world no . .  1 for a second time when new rankings come out on monday .  world no . .  4 robin soderling beats croatia 's marin cilic to win marseille ope .
 china-sponsored language programs in u.s. raise concerns , hopes <sec> china 's government is sponsoring the confucius classroom program .  it sends teachers and money to u.s. schools to teach chinese language and culture .  a suburban ohio classroom is set to receive $ 30,000 from china to help fund the program .  a los angeles-area school district rejected the program after oppositio .
 ebola fighters are time 's 'person of the year ' <sec> time names those on front lines of ebola outbreak as the `` person of the year '' .  other possibilities were ferguson protesters , vladimir putin and roger goodell .  taylor swift , jack ma , tim cook and masoud barzani were also in the runnin .
 glut of women at shanghai 's marriage market <sec> each weekend , parents gather in shanghai park to find partners for their children .  posters list their offspring 's vital statistics -- height , age , weight , occupation and income .  odds for a successful match , at least for parents with daughters , do not look goo .
