 cnn student news - november 3 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 walcott strike gives arsenal victory <sec> arsenal defeat udinese 1-0 in the first leg of their champions league qualifier .  theo walcott scores the vital winning goal in the fourth minute at the emirates .  lyon come from behind to beat russian side rubin kazan 3-1 in their first le .
 and the year 's best overall diet is ... <sec> the dash diet plan was developed by the national institutes of health .  also topping the list are the tlc diet , mayo clinic diet and mediterranean diet .  rankings are based on safety , effective weight loss , heart health , diabetes preventio .
 baby wipes recalled due to bacterial contamination <sec> b. cepacia poses no risk to healthy people .  but those with weakened immune systems could be infecte .
 apparently this matters : the new 'simcity ' <sec> jarrett bellini checks out a trial version of the updated `` simcity '' video game .  the game lets you lay out your very own town from scratch and manage its budget .  bellini : `` what can i say ? .  i like to name things in my pretend community '' .  online buzz has been building for the game , which comes out march .
 'honey boo boo ' breakup : mama june , sugar bear split <sec> mike `` sugar bear '' thompson and june `` mama june '' shannon have separated .  the pair were n't married but had a commitment ceremony in may .  shannon : we 've decided to take some time apart to figure out some thing .
 condemnation as china executes briton for drug smuggling <sec> china defended the execution in a statement issued by the chinese embassy in london .  akmal shaikh 's supporters said he was mentally ill and officials did not take that into account when trying him .  british government had asked china not to execute shaikh but china says it has followed law .  family : `` we are deeply saddened , stunned and disappointed .
 mom of twins at 66 dies three years later <sec> maria del carmen bousada gave birth to twins in december 2006 in barcelona .  she received in vitro fertilization treatment in california .  reports : bousada diagnosed with a tumor around time of birth .  twin boys being cared for by her nephew and his wif .
 is facebook a must-buy for journalism ? <sec> facebook set to go public this week with a multi-billion dollar initial public offering ( ipo ) .  the social network 's 800 million users are the product being sold , says stout .  stout : facebook has become a social tool for engagement and not journalism .  `` my fans are more interested in a photo of me posing with a light saber on star wars day .
 crews battle wind-whipped wildfire in texas panhandle <sec> new : about 400 people are still unable to return to their homes , an official says .  new : the wildfire has destroyed 160 structures , 91 of them homes , authorities say .  the double diamond fire is now 65 % contained .  one woman describes the blaze as a `` tornado of smoke .
 di matteo confirmed as permanent chelsea manager <sec> roberto di matteo has been appointed permanent manager of chelsea .  the italian guided chelsea to their first european champions league triumph in may .  former chelsea player also led the club to fa cup success .  premier league nets an increase of $ 1.95 billion in its new uk television dea .
 chinese 'amateur ' wins prestigious architecture prize <sec> wang shu , 48 , wins architecture 's premier prize .  chinese designer uses recycled materials from historic buildings .  he studied closely with artisans for almost a decade to learn about his materials .  wang studied exclusively in china , unlike many of his contemporarie .
 retrial of egypt 's former ruler hosni mubarak postponed <sec> the former president was convicted in the killing of protesters .  he was sentenced to life in prison , but appealed the ruling and was granted a retrial .  mubarak,85 , had been held since shortly after he was removed from power in 201 .
 meet elvis : the virtual border official who knows if you 're lying <sec> the avatar kiosk scans interview subjects for signs of lying .  it is being trialled in arizona and monitors voice , eyes and face movements .  interview subjects speak to the machine , in english or spanish , as if it were human .  if successful , the technology could be used elsewhere in u.s .
 swedish truck firm set to open iraqi plant <sec> swedish truck and bus maker scania is set to return to iraq .  company assembled trucks there during saddam hussein era .  500 trucks to be made in same factory it had previously use .
 government report : al qaeda strongest since september 11 , 2001 <sec> despite counterterrorism efforts , al qaeda has regained strength , report says .  report says al qaeda has found a safe haven in the tribal areas of pakistan .  sen. harry reid : it 's no surprise al qaeda has been able to reorganize .  fbi has created a group of agents , analysts to examine new threat .
 why muslims must challenge isis atrocities , propaganda <sec> west outraged at beheading of second u.s. hostage by isis militants .  cooper : gruesome videos must not `` eclipse isis 's other inhumane actions '' .  every time an isis video is shown , the group gets what it wants : publicity .  `` the time has passed when we can allow isis to popularize itself unchallenged .
 ched evans needs to `` rethink '' strategy <sec> players ' chief gordon taylor warns convicted rapist ched evans he needs to `` rethink '' strategy .  hull manager steve bruce backs the player over a possible appeal and his playing future .  taylor is castigated for likening the case to the hillsborough disaste .
 can ray rice ultimately be forgiven ? <sec> nfl players ' union has appealed ray rice 's indefinite suspension from the nfl .  many fans , including women , wore rice 's number at the ravens ' season opener .  rice 's likability is a factor in whether the public will ultimately forgive him , expert says .  another factor , experts say , is the impact of what people saw rice do in surveillance vide .
 pilot praised for 'masterful ' landing <sec> new : chesley b . .  `` sully '' sullenberger has been a pilot with us airways since 1980 .  new : former air force fighter pilot has worked with nasa as safety consultant nyc mayor says pilot checked plane twice for passengers before leaving `` i 've flown in a lot of planes and that was a phenomenal landing , '' passenger sai .
 activists : stigma fuels hiv/aids rates in african-american community <sec> 3 percent of d.c. residents live with hiv/aids , according to study released in 2009 .  experts estimate a third to half of d.c. residents with the disease do n't know .  rates in d.c. african-american community disproportionately higher , says exper .
 reebok refunds money after fitness claims <sec> reebok easytone and runtone customers may be getting refund .  ftc ruled that claims the shoes were better for toning legs and buttocks were deceptive .  the deadline for customers to ask for a refund ended in apri .
 excerpts from mills-mccartney divorce ruling <sec> judge on heather mills : level of premarital wealth `` exaggerated '' .  mccartney gave mills several hundred thousand dollars each year .  judge : mills ' case `` boils down to ... 'if he has it , i want it too ' .
 ex-con 's videos keep inmates , kids in touch <sec> in prison , carolyn lecroy saw other inmates depressed by a lack of family visits .  out on parole , lecroy used her video experience to start the messages project .  the project has helped inmates send about 3,000 video messages hom .
 israel apologizes to egypt over august border incident <sec> new : netanyahu thanks egyptian field marshal for assistance with deal for shalit 's return .  in august incident , 5 egyptian border guards were killed by israeli troops .  relations between the two nations have been strained in recent month .
 6 dead , 34 injured in greyhound crash on california highway <sec> new : bus driver , 2 passengers are among the victims .  new : driver had been with greyhound for 32 years .  bus struck overturned suv in early morning crash .  witness says impact was `` like a bomb going off .
 lady gaga , taylor kinney and that ring <sec> actor taylor kinney is sporting a ring .  he and lady gaga have dated since 2011 .  the pair have kept their relationship privat .
 kim jong il 's other son expects north korean regime to fail , journalist says <sec> kim jong nam , the eldest son , is the half-brother of kim jong un , the new leader of north korea .  kim jong nam is the most public of kim jong il 's sons .  he painted a picture of a father who was strict but was often warm-hearted , journalist say .
 no one cares about climate change ? ( opinion ) <sec> organizers say more than 300,000 gather in new york for climate rally .  the people 's climate march is billed as the largest climate demonstration ever .  cnn 's john sutter says it 's easy for people to write off climate change .  but he writes that meeting people at the march should cause a change of hear .
 fbi seeks two men behaving oddly on washington ferry <sec> fbi : two men seen taking photos of washington ferries , pacing a cargo hold .  fbi asking public to help find men so agents can question them .  some media refuse to run photos of the men , saying men not accused of crime .  in seattle `` ferries are the equivalent of subways , '' official say .
 woman blinded by acid wants same fate for attacker <sec> woman blinded , disfigured by acid wins case to have attacker also blinded by acid .  ameneh bahrami wants `` eye for an eye '' punishment to be deterrent to others .  court-ordered blinding of majid movahedi may happen within weeks , lawyer say .
 weight loss success : andy sorrells <sec> andy sorrells wore a size 64 when he weighed more than 500 pounds .  he withdrew socially and battled depression by taking anti-depressants .  a faith-based weight loss program helped him lose 280 pound .
 author william boyd 's new take on james bond in 'solo ' <sec> before his death , ian fleming wrote 14 books about iconic british spy james bond .  british author william boyd was chosen by fleming 's estate to write a new bond novel .  boyd chose a retro setting in his version of 007 : africa , 1969 .  boyd 's james bond book , `` solo , '' debuted in octobe .
 scientists hail gain in human embryonic stem cell research <sec> the achievement is an `` important step '' in stem cell research , scientists say .  they used a technique similar to the one used to clone dolly the sheep .  the motivation for the research was to eventually cure diseases such as parkinson 's , diabete .
 best comedy clubs in los angeles <sec> there 's more top-level comedy in the world 's entertainment capital than anywhere else .  famous comedians often drop into small clubs in l.a. to test new material .  the hollywood improv , the laugh factory and the comedy store make up l.a. 's comedy trifecta .  but small communities such as pasadena and hermosa beach also host world-class comed .
 i was a beatlemaniac : remembering the beatles ' american invasion <sec> 'beatlemania ' hit the united states 50 years ago .  its influence touched lives and spread throughout the globe .  diane salsbery is a lifelong collector of beatles memorabilia .  kurt bentzen of denmark learned english thanks to the beatle .
 chile turns to space , sea experts for advice in mine disaster <sec> new : the focus is on miners ' physical and mental health .  new : chile asks for experts from its navy and from nasa .  former u.s. mine safety chief says two problems exist : supplies and rescue .  authorities say it could take months to rescue miner .
 romney , make a boring pick for vp <sec> julian zelizer says candidates sometimes seek a vp to make up for their weaknesses .  he says vice presidential nominees should not become the focus of media attention .  vp choices must be up to the task of dealing with reporter questions , he says .  zelizer : if romney picks someone to appease party base , he could alienate moderate .
 slain kids ' parents channel grief into foundation , travel <sec> parents of children stabbed to death in october start arts and science fund .  couple use cross-country road trip with surviving daughter to grieve , seek inspiration , they say .  a new york grand jury indicted former nanny on first- and second-degree murder charge .
 pakistani girl loses most of her family in one explosion <sec> cnn 's reza sayah meets shaista in a crowded hospital in northwest pakistan .  shaista 's family among hundreds of thousands of people fleeing fighting .  shaista says they were walking on a road when a mortar fell from the sky .  the girl 's uncle finds her in the hospital ; doctors say her shattered foot will recove .
 'hunger games : mockingjay - part 1 ' : what 's the verdict ? <sec> 'hunger games : mockingjay - part 1 '' is in theaters now .  one critic called it `` an overgrown and bloated trailer '' .  another hailed the acting in the fil .
 pakistan to appeal bail for mumbai attacks suspect <sec> pakistan government to appeal against bail of suspect behind 2008 mumbai attacks .  leader of a terrorist group , zaki-ur-rehman lakhvi was granted bail thursday .  indian prosecutor of mumbai attack calls court decision `` a mockery of justice '' .  the mumbai attacks in november 2008 left more than 160 people dea .
 u.s. takes north korea off terror list <sec> n. korea agrees to halt nuclear activities that produce plutonium , allow inspections .  bush made decision friday night , rice signed order saturday morning .  north korea recently had taken steps to restart nuclear reactor .  republican in congress says she 's disappointed by decisio .
 the scene : robots dominate 'terminator ' <sec> `` terminator salvation '' filmmakers decide to use many real robots .  idea to avoid cgi was partly in tribute to special effects master stan winston .  film is the fourth in the `` terminator '' serie .
 a first-timers ' guide to south by southwest <sec> sxsw veteran omar gallaga offers his advice for how to best appreciate the festival .  make tentative plans for what you want to see and have it handy on a mobile calendar .  a sxsw interactive day can be 12 hours long , so bring power-charging supplies .  be flexible , go with the flow and have no regrets about missing somethin .
 survey : negative views in honduras of leaders <sec> the annual latinobarometro survey is a highly regarded poll .  this year 's poll focuses on honduras political crisis .  poll : 48 percent of respondents disapprove of zelaya .  de facto president gets disapproval rating of 65 percen .
 oil , money and politics ; epa snags keystone xl pipeline <sec> the state department delivered an assessment positive of the proposed pipeline .  the epa gives it a poor grade , says the ecological risks are too high .  political forces are aligned for and against the pipeline 's construction .  the president says he 'll decide on whether or not to allow construction in coming month .
 google braces for huge fine from rogue drug ads <sec> google has set aside $ 500 million for a potential settlement , according to sec papers .  a fine that large would be the biggest in history , according to legal experts .  former cabinet secretary says he warned google about the problem in 2008 .  neither the company nor the federal prosecutors would commen .
 historic california drought getting worse <sec> the whole state is `` abnormally dry , '' report says .  gov . .  jerry brown has asked californians to cut back on water use .  president obama has announced federal ai .
 court oks school 's ban on u.s. flag t-shirts on cinco de mayo <sec> an appeals court says the northern california school 's decision kept students safe .  live oak high school 's principal told students to take off american flag t-shirts .  the students later filed a civil rights suit against the school and administrators .  the incident unfolded on cinco de mayo in 201 .
 sectarian rioting rocks belfast for second straight night <sec> rioters pelt police with petrol bombs , fireworks and bricks , police say .  reporters retreat from the area after a photographer is shot .  police also clashed with rioters in east belfast monday .  northern ireland has seen a resurgence of violence in recent month .
 changing of guard in japan as pm concedes vote <sec> new : ldp 's shinzo abe says dpj caused `` political confusion '' .  winner faces task of reviving the economy , making a decision on nuclear power .  pm noda blames himself for the 'regrettable result .
 territorial tensions ripple as clinton visits beijing <sec> new : secretary of state clinton is visiting beijing for meetings .  new : analysts doubt the south china sea disputes will be soon be defused .  the united states says it does n't take sides in the territorial disputes .  but china has expressed anger over u.s. comments on the issu .
 real madrid sell both sneijder and robben <sec> real madrid complete sale of dutchmen arjen robben and wesley sneijder .  robben completes transfer to bayern munich while sneijder joins inter milan .  everton complete swoop for defender sylvain distin on a busy day of transfer .
 paralyzed olympic swimmer van dyken-rouen thankful to be alive <sec> olympian amy van dyken-rouen was left paralyzed after a june 6 atv accident .  gold medalist swimmer calls new life a `` rebirth , '' but `` i have my bad days , '' she admits .  thoughts , prayers and `` positive vibes '' have kept her going , she says .  she is headed next to colorado to continue her physical therap .
 the life of brian : baker 's french open fairytale <sec> brian baker is playing in his first grand slam event since the 2005 u.s. open .  the american has been plagued by injuries throughout his career .  baker has had elbow and hip problems which led to five operations .  the 27-year-old beat xavier malisse in the first round of the french open monda .
 militias swim at vacant u.s. embassy in libya <sec> video apparently shows libyan militia members frolicking at u.s. embassy pool in tripoli .  u.s. ambassador says the compound has not been ransacked , despite rumors .  a libyan official says the embassy is protected and the hijinks are unacceptable .  u.s. diplomats evacuated the anarchic libyan capitol last mont .
 palestinian woman hopes to open israeli education doors for others <sec> palestinian sawsan salameh faced many obstacles before attending israeli school .  she hopes she can open doors for other students to study where they want .  she also has become a role model for girls in the west bank to pursue educatio .
 be ready for flooding , new york governor tells the buffalo area <sec> buffalo man rented snow tractor , ended up taking pregnant wife to hospital .  be ready to evacuate , gov . .  andrew cuomo tells people in low-lying areas .  the buffalo area is under a flood warning .  authorities worry some buildings could collapse as snow on roofs soaks up rai .
 ken weatherwax , pugsley on 'addams family , ' dies at 59 <sec> ken weatherwax was part of tv 's `` addams family '' cast .  weatherwax , who played pugsley , also voiced him in animated series .  he worked as a set builder and grip in hollywood in recent year .
 justices allow limited restitution for child porn victims <sec> ruling makes it somewhat easier for victims of online porn to recover damages .  the 5-4 decision concluded that restitution should be based on certain criteria .  the case involves `` amy unknown , '' a girl who was abused by a relativ .
 turmoil in thailand : what 's going on ? <sec> bangkok lock down the latest chapter in a divisive political conflict that has convulsed thailand .  the protesters insist they are not opposed to democracy but want wide-ranging reform .  they are drawn from wealthier residents of bangkok and thais from the south of the country .  they argue poorer thais , particularly in rural northeast , are uneducated , sell votes to highest bidde .
 is romney developing a santorum 'google problem ' ? <sec> mitt romney joins gop rival rick santorum with a google search-results problem .  new site , `` spreading romney , '' gives a profane , fake definition of candidate 's name .  sites for newt gingrich , president obama also exist , but have less tractio .
 egypt 's revolution at 6 months : 'we ca n't go back ' <sec> `` any evaluation now is premature , '' a human rights lawyer tells cnn .  protesters in tahrir square are calling for speedier reforms .  the new egypt is a `` less deferential , '' more outspoken place , observers say .  some worry that interests of military , protesters ca n't be reconcile .
