 why russia protects syria 's assad <sec> russia is standing in the way of a u.n. resolution against syria 's leader .  daniel treisman : russia has strategic and business reasons to favor the regime .  treisman : russia is betting on assad , but if he wavers , it may join in opposing hi .
 bbc plays short clip of thatcher death 'celebration ' song <sec> sales of the wizard of oz song `` ding dong the witch is dead '' have soared .  facebook campaign is urging people to buy the track to celebrate thatcher 's death .  the bbc played a few seconds of the song on its weekly chart show .  margaret thatcher remains a highly polarizing figure in britai .
 a more equal military ? bring back draft <sec> charles rangel : allowing women in combat is a critical advance that bolsters military .  he says for real equality , the u.s. should reinstate the draft for shared sacrifice in u.s. wars .  he says less than 1 % are in u.s. service . .  we choose war without worry over who fights .  rangel : with draft , america would be forced to think twice about involvement in war .
 spielberg on ambition , compromise and what to wear while filming a president <sec> steven spielberg is bringing abraham lincoln to the movies with `` lincoln '' .  daniel day lewis plays the president , and took a year to prepare .  spielberg uses the 13th amendment as a framing device .  while war raged , lincoln also was dealing with personal issues at hom .
 recording reveals phone banter before deadly hudson crash <sec> faa reveals recording of air traffic controller just before fatal crash .  on recording , controller joking with woman on phone about what to do with dead cat .  faa spokeswoman : `` the kind of conduct is unacceptable '' .  no survivors in august 8 crash of helicopter , small plane over hudso .
 obama 's other woman <sec> nancy pelosi , speaker in house , is most powerful woman in washington .  u.s. president obama needs pelosi to ensure his plans get house approval .  pelosi under attack over democrats ' failure to challenge cia over waterboarding .  tactic is smart move by republicans as pelosi an easier target than obam .
 putin in ukraine : why would he stop ? <sec> vladimir putin considers his response to europe 's ideas for a new cease-fire in ukraine .  since annexing crimea , putin has run rings around u.s. , european leaders , says simon tisdall .  would the u.s. really go to war with russia to rescue , say , estonia or norway , he ask .
 iran 's news agency portrays satirical onion story as its own <sec> iran 's semi-official fars news agency falls for an onion story .  fars even steals the story , portraying it as its own .  satirical paper jokes that poll finds rural white americans prefer ahmadinejad .  once fars discovered the farce , it removed the story from its english-language websit .
 azarenka stops stosur in qatar to claim third title of 2012 <sec> victoria azarenka defeats samatha stosur to win the qatar open in doha .  world no . .  1 loses only three games on her way to a third title of 2012 .  azarenka wins 6-1 6-2 to take her winning run in 2012 to 17 matche .
 time for an asean dream ? <sec> asean economies have been growing at an average of more than 5 % , parag khanna says .  with a shared population of just half india 's , asean already has a larger gdp , he says .  research firm ihs projects that asean 's gdp will reach $ 4.7 trillion in 2020 .  asean nations ' top priority must be infrastructure investment , khanna say .
 nato service member killed in afghanistan <sec> a man in an afghan uniform killed a nato service member , isaf says .  so-called `` green on blue '' attacks killed dozens of allied troops in 2012 .  kerry , karzai work out `` major issues '' regarding u.s. troops , but not immunit .
 death by theft , water and gravity : smartphone horror stories <sec> forgetfulness , gravity and clumsiness are just a few ways to lose or ruin a phone .  here are some sad stories of smartphone woes .  one woman had her new phone snatched on the new york subway .  a man placed his phone on a roof and watched in horror as it slid of .
 former pitcher hideki irabu dead in apparent suicide <sec> irabu helped create the current system used by japanese players .  irabu was found in his california home wednesday .  officials determined the cause of death was a suicide .  irabu joined the major leagues in 1997 and was traded several time .
 passerby catches baby falling from awning in brooklyn <sec> the 1-year-old boy fell after crawling through a window .  he fell onto an awning , and a passerby positioned herself under the awning .  the catcher is cristina torre , daughter of famed mlb manager and player joe torre .  she caught the child , who police say was later in stable condition in a hospita .
 can huntsman 's 'secret weapons ' help his poll numbers ? <sec> jon huntsman 's daughter hit twitter , tv , youtube to support dad 's campaign .  mary anne , abby and liddy huntsman are known as @ jon2012girls .  some tweets are serious , some are patriotic , some are silly .  campaign is thrilled to have the daughters , communications director say .
 hot nuclear waste , cold hard cash , and you <sec> the department of energy is removing a small fee from electric bills for nuclear disposal .  power companies said the government was collecting the fee for 30 years .  but the government is not disposing of nuclear wast .
 campaigner back on ground after 449 days up a tree <sec> environmentalist spent months up a tree in attempt to stop logging .  miranda gibson was forced down in march after fire threatened tree .  she describes the feeling of coming back to ground after 449 days .  gibson vows to continue fight to save tasmania 's southern forest .
 does amnesty international want legal prostitution ? <sec> amnesty international put forth a document calling for the legalization of prostitution .  robin morgan : prostitution is selling and buying human beings , which amounts to slavery .  morgan : prostituted women have high rates of ptsd , many are child abuse survivors .  she says we should criminalize buyers . .  amnesty should reject decriminalizatio .
 british open : rory mcilroy six clear after three rounds <sec> rory mcilroy six shots clear after three rounds of open championship at hoylake .  america 's rickie fowler second ; sergio garcia and dustin johnson tied for third .  threat of thunderstorms sees round three start from two tees for first time eve .
 solidarity can help chile prevail <sec> in 1960 , an earthquake shook chile , the most powerful one ever recorded .  ariel dorfman recalls that the quake brought chile 's people together to rebuild .  he says the society has become much more prosperous and individualistic .  dorfman says nation 's `` deepest wells '' of solidarity , fellowship can help it rebuild agai .
 south korea to resume u.s. beef imports <sec> south korea to open market to most u.s. beef says government official .  ban began in 2003 amid concerns over a case of mad cow disease in the u.s . .  new agreement bans the import of high-risk materials , like tonsils and brains .  thousands of s. koreans have regularly staged protests against u.s. beef import .
 anil kapoor : bollywood 's mr india <sec> bollywood star anil kapoor played the quiz show host in `` slumdog millionaire '' .  he grew up in a tenement in a mumbai suburb , sharing a room with 7 others .  as an actor he is a bollywood legend , and he is also a successful producer .  `` i feel so humble and grateful '' says kapoor of slumdog 's global succes .
 indictments issued in fire deaths at ny deutsche bank building <sec> john galt corp. , three supervisors indicted ; city to change procedures .  firefighters died when caught in smoke-filled stairwell .  prosecutors allege doorway was improperly sealed .  105 other firefighters were injured fighting blaz .
 6 injured in southern china railway station attack <sec> the violence took place at a railway station in guangzhou city in southern china .  a bombing at a station in western china last week killed one and injured about 80 .  there has been a rise in separatist violence in restive xinjiang provinc .
 the art of fixing a football match <sec> shanghai shenhua stripped of 2003 and fined .  33 people handed life bans including four former chinese internationals .  evidence of match-fixing found in two european champions league matches , says europol .  680 games including world cup and european championship qualifiers deemed suspiciou .
 oscar pistorius trial arguments end ; verdict in 5 weeks <sec> new : pistorius verdict set to be announced on september 11 , 2014 .  pistorius shot dead his girlfriend reeva steencamp on valentine 's day last year .  defense attorney alleges the state made mistakes .  prosecutor calls olympian an `` appalling '' witnes .
 how many more western captives is isis holding ? <sec> isis is believed to be have at least two more u.s. captives .  it is also holding hostages from other western countries .  the latest beheading video identified a british citizen .  it 's not known who 's holding u.s. journalist austin tice , who disappeared in 201 .
 south africa kick off with stalemate against cape verde <sec> the 2013 africa cup of nations get underway in south africa .  hosts play out goalless draw against debutants cape verde .  other match in group a between angola and morocco also finishes 0- .
 dior moves to fire galliano after hitler comments <sec> new : galliano 's lawyer says his client denies he is anti-semitic .  the fashion giant calls his comments `` deeply offensive '' .  christian dior designer john galliano expresses love for hitler in a video .  he was suspended last week for allegedly making anti-semitic remarks at a paris ba .
 what matt logelin learned from single , stay-at-home fatherhood <sec> matt logelin 's wife passed away hours after childbirth , leaving him a single parent .  logelin wrote a new york times best-seller , `` two kisses for maddy , '' about single fatherhood .  june 15 is father 's day ; for logelin , `` every day is father 's day .
 zimmerman defense : texts show trayvon martin 'hostile ' day of shooting <sec> defense : trayvon martin exchanged angry texts on the days he was killed .  defense attorneys says the messages are relevant because they establish martin 's mood .  martin 's family attorney says the new evidence is irrelevant and meant to prejudice a jury .  other messages indicated drug use , included photos of a gu .
 14 still missing after air crash blaze <sec> 14 passengers still missing , 29 dead in sudanese air crash , officials say .  remaining 171 passengers on the sudan airways airbus survived .  police chief says `` defect '' caused plane to catch fire as it landed in a storm .  khartoum accident occurred as plane touched down in low visibility , heavy rai .
 white house : obama to campaign with candidates for midterms <sec> president obama is set to hit the trail for democratic candidates .  the 2014 midterm elections take place in less than four weeks .  he wo n't be going to some deeply red states , an official says .  he has largely been off the trail because of his low job approval number .
 enterovirus d68 : parent anxiety increasing <sec> new jersey preschooler first death officially linked to enterovirus d68 .  nearly 600 cases of the virus in 43 states and washington , d.c . .  few people who get the virus will have serious symptoms , doctors say .  doctors also caution that flu remains a bigger danger for childre .
 india invites pakistani leader to swearing-in <sec> india invites the pm of its archrival pakistan to the swearing-in of its new leader .  invitations were extended to the heads of all eight countries in the saarc .  the swearing-in is set to take place monda .
 officials : fort hood shootings suspect alive ; 12 dead <sec> suspect in shootings wounded but alive , army official says .  army : suspect is maj. nidal malik hasan , a psychiatrist .  senator : hasan was `` upset '' about scheduled deployment to iraq .  shooting happened in building that is one of last stops before soldiers deplo .
 fema director defends giving away hurricane supplies <sec> new : fema chief : louisiana said it did n't want the supplies .  cnn story revealed last week that fema gave away 121 truckloads of supplies .  katrina supplies were declared surplus property , offered to federal , state agencie .
 cnn fact check : lower unemployment in gop-led states ? <sec> virginia gov . .  bob mcdonnell : unemployment lower in states with gop governors .  government data backs this up , but in many states , gop is new to office .  seven of 10 states with lowest unemployment have gop governors , but party is new to office in fou .
 prince bishop wins dubai world cup <sec> prince bishop wins dubai world cup .  the uae owned horse was a 14-1 long shot .  favorite california chrome finished secon .
 meet the mosque designer breaking the mold <sec> zeynep fadillioglu , widely regarded as 'first ' woman to design a mosque .  elegant buildings blend modern style with ornate flourishes .  has overseen 350 projects across world , including clubs .  says symbolism is an important part of religious architectur .
 big macs off menu as iceland 's economic crisis bites <sec> iceland is losing its only three mcdonald 's restaurants after economic collapse .  franchise owner said restaurants now too expensive to run after iceland 's currency plunged in value .  krona worth half as much now as it was in january 2008 -- and imports are priced in euro .
 moscow : americans can adopt russian kids until 2014 <sec> putin spokesman says adoption pact will end in 2014 , russian news agency reports .  russia is third most-popular foreign country where americans adopt .  russian law is likely a response to new u.s. restrictions on human rights abusers in russi .
 bill maher : i had drinks with rand paul <sec> rand paul and bill maher had drinks , according to maher .  the comedian has said he 's open to backing paul in 2016 .  but maher says paul 's views on climate change may be a deal breake .
 american jailed in cuba to get checkup by u.s. doctor <sec> cuba to let u.s. doctor examine alan gross , 64 , a jailed state department contractor .  gross ' family says he 's in ill health ; cuban officials say he 's healthy for his age .  gross is serving 15 years for bringing banned communications equipment to the island .  cuba wants to negotiate gross ' fate and that of cubans in u.s. federal prison for spyin .
 mugabe : u.s. and west are 'stupid and foolish ' <sec> president robert mugabe describes u.s. and west as `` stupid and foolish '' .  power-share deal is stalled because of dispute over control of ministries .  zimbabwe faces cholera epidemic , economic crisis .  mugabe has resisted international calls for him to step dow .
 broken teeth , nose cap year of woes for italy 's prime minister <sec> italian pm silvio berlusconi has blamed political opponents for physical , nonphysical attacks .  rolling stone italy : pm makes rockers keith richards , rod stewart look like `` schoolboys '' .  divorce sought , corruption and infidelity alleged as court lifts immunity from prosecution .  spokesman says he 's not surprised pm was attacked amid `` campaign of hatred .
 french open champion nadal 'scared ' by paris protester <sec> rafael nadal praises security staff after protester invades tennis court .  a masked man holding a lit flare interrupted sunday 's french open final .  nadal beat fellow spaniard david ferrer to win his eighth roland garros title .  the protester was reportedly campaigning against same-sex marriag .
 for president , two pragmatic problem-solvers <sec> is america really a deeply polarized country , as some suggest ? .  julian zelizer says obama , romney have appeal to the center of the spectrum .  he says the two parties are choosing not to run candidates with polarizing ideology .  zelizer : there is still a strong yearning for compromise and moderation in d.c .
 reggie bush to return heisman trophy <sec> ncaa investigation : reggie bush received payments , gifts while playing at usc .  investigation led to harsh sanctions against university of southern california .  star says he wants to help young athletes `` avoid some of the mistakes i made .
 gadhafi loyalists launch new push against misrata <sec> new : a fresh attack on rebel-held misrata has killed at least 13 , rebels say .  nato says it is doing all it can to avoid hurting civilians .  nato chief rasmussen says gadhafi 's `` reign of terror '' is ending soon .  gadhafi vows not to surrender amid heavy bombin .
 missing wife of decapitated georgia man found dead in lake <sec> investigators now believe a boat may have been used , the sheriff says .  fishermen spotted body .  shirley dermond was reported missing ; her husband was decapitated .  couple 's family shocked by news , pastor say .
 syria : can geneva2 peace talks translate into changes on the ground ? <sec> syrian government and opposition representatives are attending peace talks in geneva .  jane kinninmont and ali abdullah say the summit does not reflect the mix of non-state actors involved .  diplomats have been managing expectations , saying it will be a long process , they say .  but they say the credibility of all representatives is suffering from ongoing agony on the groun .
 death toll from mexico floods rises to 41 <sec> most of deaths have been in mexico 's eastern michoacan state .  a dozen people missing after mudslides , michoacan governor says .  flooding has affected up to 37,000 people nationwide , officials sa .
 costa concordia human remains believed to be found <sec> of 32 declared dead in the costa concordia accident , two bodies have yet to be recovered .  the cruise ship struck rocks off italy 's giglio island in january 2012 .  engineers rotated the ship back to vertical last mont .
 romney campaign did not expect obama 's turn-out-the-vote results <sec> romney aides thought intensity and enthusiasm would tip the balance in their favor .  campaign officials say they gave no thought to an apology for self-deportation comments .  obama advisers said the low point for his campaign was after his first debate performance .  officials were speaking at a harvard post-campaign symposiu .
 two weeks in china air rage and other dramas <sec> past two weeks have seen media coverage of four separate incidents of chinese tourists misbehaving on planes .  a couple , after throwing a series of tantrums , threw hot water at a flight attendant .  emergency exits were opened in two separate incidents for different reasons .  a mini-brawl was touched off by a crying baby and reclining seat .
 'kodak moments ' remembered <sec> amid rumors of kodak 's bankruptcy , ireporters sent in their favorite 'kodak moment ' .  lynn kordus ' most memorable kodak moment was with the beatles .  lee gunderson 's favorite kodak film is ektachrome 10 .
 what it takes to make a 'walking dead ' zombie <sec> `` the walking dead '' has become popular in part because of its zombie aesthetic .  greg nicotero is the man behind the zombies and has worked on the show since day one .  one character 's makeup takes on average about an hour and a half to do .  extras have to go to `` zombie school '' before being cast on the sho .
 hosts india enjoy golden day at commonwealth games <sec> hosts india win a clutch of gold medals at the commonwealth games .  highlight of sunday for india is a 7-4 field hockey win over arch-rivals pakistan .  australia win both road race titles in cycling through allan davis and rochelle gilmore .  boaz lalang leads clean sweep of the medals for kenya in men 's 800m rac .
 bank teller stops alleged robber , loses job <sec> jim nicholson , 30-year-old bank teller said suspect demanded cash .  nicholson demanded robber show him a weapon , then chased him down the street .  pinned him down and waited for the police .  key bank branch in suburban seattle , washington , later fired hi .
 globe theatre defends its world tour to including north korea <sec> globe theatre plans a two-year tour of `` hamlet '' to every country in the world .  plans to perform in north korea draws criticism from amnesty international .  parallels made to `` hamlet '' and north korea 's leadership situatio .
 olympic swimmer would n't let cancer dash his dream <sec> olympic swimmer eric shanteau found out about his cancer in june .  he delayed treatment so he could compete in the games in beijing .  he plans to compete in the 2009 world swimming championship in rome .  testicular cancer is diagnosed in about 1 in 300 men in their lifetim .
 somaliland election observer killed ; ballots being counted <sec> observer from somaliland electoral commission killed .  ballots being counted in election .  voting took place saturday under heavy securit .
 caught on camera : angelina jolie bumps into sony chief <sec> a photo of angelina jolie and amy pascal has prompted speculation .  leaked emails involving pascal contained disparaging remarks about jolie .  shortly after the emails went viral , the two ran into each other at an even .
