 the roundup : new york fashion week <sec> pastels and prints among recurring trends at this year 's new york fashion week .  wet mullets among trends not recommended for trying off the runway .  neon suits , wedge sneakers grace runways in menswear show .
 new year , new laws : obamacare , pot , guns and drones <sec> 40,000 measures set to become law in 2014 .  obamacare mandate is the big federal law going into effect .  but states and cities have laws impacting minimum wage , shark fins and gender identity .  new gun control failed at federal level , but connecticut acting on its ow .
 pakistan pm confirms mumbai arrests <sec> new : top u.s. military officer encouraged by terror arrests .  pakistan arrests militant leaders blamed by india for mumbai terror attacks .  zarar shah , top commander of lashkar-e-tayyiba , among those held .  blamed militant groups were formed to oppose indian rule in divided kashmi .
 how long can hillary clinton wait ? <sec> hillary clinton tells an interviewer that she 's wrestling with a 2016 decision .  analysts say that because of name recognition and stature , she should be in no hurry .  public opinion polls show clinton as the overwhelming favorite among democrats .  clinton herself says such speculation over 2016 is n't good for the countr .
 exclusive : oscar pistorius heartbroken , uncle says <sec> exclusive : uncle says pistorius 's grief over killing of reeva steenkamp 'unthinkable ' .  pistorius has grown a beard and is surrounded by photos of steenkamp .  cnn 's robyn curnow first reporter to speak to 'blade runner ' at uncle 's pretoria home .  pistorius charged with murdering steenkamp on february 14 ; has court hearing tuesda .
 court considers demand that u.s. release photos of bin laden 's body <sec> new : the three-judge panel heard arguments ; it did not say how soon it may rule .  conservative legal group judicial watch has pushed for release of the photos .  a federal judge rejected the group 's request in april 2012 .  the group says obama is asking the courts to rewrite the freedom of information ac .
 slingbox releases two new devices for watching tv anywhere <sec> slingbox lets you watch what 's playing on your tv from a mobile device or computer .  the two new slingbox devices are the first from the company in four years .  both add hd streaming and the slingbox 500 adds hdmi and wif .
 obama wishes nelson mandela a happy birthday <sec> president obama offers birthday wishes to nelson mandela .  the former south african president turns 92 on sunday .  obama calls on americans to perform community service in honor of mandel .
 e-mails show arizona campus worried about loughner before shootings <sec> arizona college police kept eye out for loughner after suspension .  alleged shooter of giffords , others , kicked off college campus in october .  campus authorities did not alert outside law enforcement before shooting .
 how the bundesliga helped make germany uber-cool <sec> bayern munich plays borussia dortmund in all-german european soccer final .  tennis ace boris becker believes multicultural germany has changed country 's image .  bundesliga chief thrilled with success in attracting foreign fans to german games .  former hostile press coverage and negative stereotypes becoming rarer and rare .
 u.n. bombing suspect tied to al qaeda , nigerians say <sec> mamman nur recently returned from somalia , the nigerian secret service says .  he is suspected of masterminding the u.n. bombing last week .  he is described as a `` notorious boko haram element '' .  boko haram wants to establish islamic law in nigeri .
 canadian province of ontario legalizes brothels in landmark ruling <sec> ontario court rules federal prostitution laws unfairly discriminate against prostitutes .  a prostitute should be able `` to work indoors , in a location under her control , '' the judges write .  the ruling does not allow prostitutes to solicit customers on the streets .  supporters of the ruling say federal laws will now have to chang .
 heartbreak as scottish championship side cowdenbeath humiliated 10-0 <sec> heart of midlothian score ten goals in scottish championship match .  result matches cowdenbeath 's biggest ever defea .
 dead birds and broken tv sets : how to host the perfect new year party <sec> bizarre new year traditions include swimming in subzero seas .  many germans celebrate by watching a television repeat of a 50-year-old british comedy .  other activities include chomping grapes , racing pigs and hurling objects out of window .
 chinese court rejects appeal in mekong river killings <sec> the court rejects the appeals by all six defendants .  four of the men had received death sentences .  they were convicted in the october 2011 killings of 13 chinese sailor .
 5 held as confused pirates attack french ship <sec> pirates fire on french ship involved in anti-piracy operation off somali coast .  command and supply ship chased down a skiff ; detaining 5 suspected pirates .  bcr somme carries supplies to forces involved in european anti-piracy operatio .
 martina navratilova fast facts <sec> martina navratilova is one of the most successful women 's tennis players of all time .  she won 167 singles titles on the wta tour , including 18 grand slam crowns .  navratilova is a campaigner for gay rights and a television pundi .
 daughter 's in love , dad feels jilted <sec> neuropsychiatrist louann brizendine say fathers can feel jilted when daughters find love .  kirsty ewens says her dad had a `` total meltdown '' when she wanted to live with boyfriend .  young women 's physical maturation can lead dads to be confused about relating to them .  joe kelly , who wrote about dads and daughters , says trust your daughter 's decision-makin .
 medal of honor recipient 's valor hidden for decades <sec> richard etchberger to be awarded the military 's highest award for bravery .  he was posted in laos during the vietnam war .  etchberger is credited with saving the lives of three wounded comrades .  he was shot and killed after he saved his fellow airme .
 twitch bans nude , suggestive gaming <sec> twitch has said gamers ca n't broadcast without clothes on .  twitch is a popular service that lets users broadcast themselves playing video games .  it was purchased by amazon in august .  the new rule comes as a spotlight is on treatment of women in gamin .
 study : rates of many mental disorders much higher in soldiers <sec> nearly half of soldiers had some mental condition when they enlisted , author says .  one study finds that about 14 % of soldiers had thought about taking their lives .  causes for the rise in army suicides remain unknown .  but study authors hope their data might be useful to help develop outreach program .
 duchess of cambridge celebrates 30th birthday <sec> kate , duchess of cambridge , turns 30 on january 9 .  duke and duchess are reported to be planning a low-key celebration .  royal couple attended the london premiere of `` war horse '' on the eve of kate 's birthda .
 faa reconsiders limits on consumer electronics in the sky <sec> an faa review could lead to increased use of consumer electronics in aircraft cabins .  the study will not consider use of cell phones for voice communications in flight .  cell phones are banned by the federal communications commission , not by the faa .  the fcc ban is because of potential interference to wireless networks on the groun .
 israel : suspect in west bank hit-and-run surrenders <sec> israeli military : a man who says he struck soldiers has turned himself in .  a vehicle struck an israeli military post in the west bank , injuring three , the military says .  that came hours after a van struck pedestrians in jerusalem , killing one and injuring 13 .  the incidents came amid rising tension over killings , status of holy sit .
 clashes lead to closure of sanaa airport <sec> new : all arriving flights diverted ; no flights are taking off .  president ali abdullah saleh is a member of the powerful al-hashid tribe .  the united states is not moving to evacuate its embassy .  al-hashid tribal members occupy government 's news agency compound , tourism ministr .
 boehner takes charge as new congress convenes <sec> john boehner is sworn in as the new house speaker in the 112th congress .  clashes over spending issues are likely to dominate the new congress .  the health care law will be back in the new .
 opinion : how obamacare can reduce abortions <sec> colleen mcnicholas : court to rule on challenge to obamacare contraception coverage rule .  rule could have big impact on unintended pregnancy , abortion rates , mcnicholas says .  study showed women used better birth control methods when cost not a factor , she says .  mcnicholas : would n't it be great if mandate 's outcome was a lowering of the abortion rate .
 nhl facing 'concussion ' lawsuit <sec> 10 former players launch a class-action lawsuit against national hockey league .  players say the league has not done enough to protect players from concussion .  former nhl all-star gary leema is one of the 10 players taking the action .  nhl says it will `` defend the case vigorously '' and that it takes player safety `` very seriously .
 cnn cameraman faces gun , has camera smashed in libya hotel <sec> cnn journalist sees woman burst into hotel saying gadhafi supporters raped , beat her .  khalil abdallah understood her cries in arabic : `` look at what gadhafi 's brigades did to me ! '' .  abdallah says government minders violently blocked journalists , broke his camera .  abdallah saw one minder with a gun in his hand , so the photojournalist backed awa .
 what we do n't know about love and loneliness <sec> david frum says we lack real evidence on the impact of living alone .  is the dropping birth rate a good or a bad thing , he asks .  frum : is a new book right about the hookup culture being empowering ? .  he says we want to believe in life without traditional attachments , but is it best .
 second u.s. sailor found dead in afghanistan <sec> the body of jarod newlove has been found in logar .  the men went missing on friday .  the taliban gave the body back without submitting demand .
 mutilated by war , syrians get artificial legs <sec> charity gives some syrians a second chance at life .  the national syrian project for prosthetic limbs manufactures artificial legs .  it also helps amputee victims train their bodies to walk on new limb .
 armchair astronomer discovers unique 'cosmic ghost ' <sec> using the web , a dutch schoolteacher has discovered a strange astronomical object .  the find illustrates how more amateur astronomers are contributing to science .  the galaxy zoo project encourages the public to join in astronomy research online .  hubble space telescope has agreed to take a closer look at the object next yea .
 official : s. korea fires at civilian jet thought to be north military <sec> new : a south korean military official tells cnn two soldiers fired at the plane .  yonhap : the plane was not struck because it was out of rang .
 oregon governor blocks executions for rest of term <sec> gov . .  john kitzhaber halts the execution of a death row inmate .  he says he believes the death penalty to be `` morally wrong '' .  oregon last executed someone in 1997 , when kitzhaber was governor .  16 u.s. states do not have the death penalt .
 21 executed in iraq <sec> the men were convicted of terrorism .  more violence reported in run-up to election .  dozens were killed across iraq on monda .
 key to immigration reform : worker visas <sec> tamar jacoby : immigration reform in air , but focus tends to be on the undocumented .  she says for real reform , discussion must be on providing unskilled worker visas .  she says there 's no way to `` get in line '' if no visas are available .  jacoby : in dynamic economy , entry will always outpace enforcemen .
 former south african police chief sentenced to 15 years <sec> jackie selebi , the country 's former national police chief , sentenced to 15 years ' jail .  he did n't try to hide his friendship with a convicted drug trafficker .  the trial lasted 4 1/2 year .
 ecstasy to treat ptsd : one woman 's story <sec> rachel hope says her childhood was the stuff of nightmares .  she weathered childhood trauma but suffered breakdowns as an adult .  she reached out to a south carolina psychiatrist in 2005 .  dr. michael mithoefer is studying whether mdma , or ecstasy , is safe in a clinical settin .
 winter storm hits new england , disrupts air traffic <sec> a winter storm is affecting an area from kansas to maine .  new : more than 1000 flights canceled on saturday .  boston area could see 8 to 14 inches of snow .  o'hare airport gets 3.9 inches of snow , detroit 5.5 inche .
 cyberwar : cybercaliphate hits military spouses group <sec> apparent isis sympathizers called cybercaliphate hack twitter account of military spouses .  group 's leader feels scared and takes down twitter page indefinitely .  another group member is undaunted and writes about how `` they did n't win .
 pussy riot supporters vent anger on twitter <sec> pussy riot 's two-year sentence sparks anger on twitter and facebook .  celebrity campaigners share messages of support , photos , news updates .  ukraine feminist group , femen , arrested after chainsawing monument in show of solidarity .  russian opposition leader gary kasparov supposedly assaulted by police outside moscow cour .
 uber gets into delivery game with rush <sec> uber rolled out a new delivery service , rush .  rush is only available in manhattan right now .  online delivery services have a checkered track recor .
 man 's last invention ? machines make machines <sec> self-assembling vehicles ready to hit the market .  almost any material could be programmed to build itself , a process known as 4d printing .  mit 's self-assembly lab have partnership in industries from fashion to aviation .  the process will transform manufacturing and labo .
 why ebola quarantine is legal ( opinion ) <sec> kaci hickox , who tested negative for ebola but was quarantined , was finally released .  danny cevallos : being confined feels like a violation , but it 's rarely a legal violation .  he says when it comes to infectious diseases , the court is not taking any chances .  cevallos : public health concerns can warrant the state 's intrusion on personal libert .
 hong kong protests : what 's next ? <sec> massive street protests present dilemma for china 's leaders .  few analysts see scope for a major concessions on electoral reform .  translator to former leader says protesters `` indulging in fantasy '' .  use of force would bring uncomfortable memories of tiananme .
 dick van dyke helped from burning car <sec> van dyke 's wife posted video of the burned-out jaguar .  van dyke 's jaguar caught fire on a freeway north of los angeles , police say .  good samaritans helped the 87-year-old actor and his wife get out .  he 's `` fine '' but `` slightly embarrassed , '' his publicist say .
 world bank downgrades china 's growth forecast <sec> world bank cuts china 's economic growth forecast in 2009 to 6.5 percent .  reduction is down a full percentage point from november 's projection .  last week , chinese premier projected nation 's economy would grow by 8 % in 2009 .  china has seen a sharp decline in demand for its exports since novembe .
 security tight at trial linked to al qaeda in belgium <sec> nine members of an alleged terrorist cell linked to al qaeda are on trial .  one defendant , malika el aroud , has a high profile in pro-al qaeda circles .  prosecutors say authorities had reason to believe there was a threat of an attac .
 jimmy carter turns 90 : what he did right ( opinion ) <sec> october 1 is the 90th birthday of former president jimmy carter .  julian zelizer : carter 's campaign emphasized he would restore trust in the government .  he says while many americans consider his presidency a failure , there are lessons .  zelizer : carter was right to press public officials to do more to reform our political syste .
 pope francis urges religious tolerance on turkey visit <sec> pope francis calls for religious freedom and tolerance to counter extremism .  pope : fanaticism and fundamentalism need to be countered by those of all faiths .  patriarch bartholomew i , spiritual leader of the orthodox church , invited pope .  many refugees in turkey , including christians , have fled violence in iraq and syri .
 ebola : trump , stop hysteria over brantly ( opinion ) <sec> donald trump , bloggers , op-ed writers say we should keep americans with ebola out .  paul wolpe : after putting lives on the line , infected americans should be treated as heroes .  wolpe : panic , fear drive discrimination , hate . .  we should have learned from aids hysteria .  he says we show no compassion in wanting to ban sick americans who need hel .
 judge rules cruise captain can be held under house arrest <sec> new : captain and consultant tells cnn captain should have stayed aboard .  authorities on land ordered the captain to return to the ship , a newspaper reports .  costa cruises says `` there may have been significant human error '' on the captain 's part .  attorney : the captain 's move to bring the ship to shallow waters saved many live .
 five in running for world player award <sec> 2008 winner cristiano ronaldo is included in the nominations for fifa world player of the year .  the real madrid forward one of five players on the shortlist , all with either madrid or barcelona .  lionel messi is favorite to land the gong after recently winning the ballon d'or award for european player of the yea .
 militia turns british journalists over to libyan government <sec> `` we are pretty hopeful this is a prelude to their release , '' a source tells cnn .  nicholas davies and gareth montgomery-johnson were seized in late february .  a libyan militia accused them of lacking proper immigration paper .
 report : qatar emir to transfer power to son <sec> the emir will address the nation early tuesday .  qatar 's clout has jumped in recent years .  the news was all over social medi .
 tycoon 's lesbian daughter gigi chao becomes hong kong lgbt role model <sec> lesbian gigi chao 's father offered $ 128m dowry for any man who married her .  chao defended her lesbian partner in open letter to her father .  chao says conservative hong kong society often rejects lgbt citizens .  young , queer hong kongers see chao as a role model , inspiratio .
 barcelona thrash santander ; mourinho 's real madrid held by mallorca <sec> barcelona begin the defense of their spanish title with a 3-0 win at racing santander .  jose mourinho 's real madrid are held to a 0-0 draw with real mallorca .  ac milan thump lecce 4-0 as the italian league season gets underway .  bayer leverkusen are thrashed 6-3 by borussia monchengladbach in the bundeslig .
 mars rover tracks , arm shown in new photos <sec> scientists are n't seeing major 'wild cards ' in rover performance .  dust cover on high-resolution camera appears to be intact .  sampling of martian material may begin in about a month .  curiosity has been on mars since august .
 report : mh17 hit by burst of 'high-energy objects ' <sec> anyone `` looking for blame ... is going to be disappointed , '' cnn 's richard quest says .  a dutch report finds `` no indications of manipulation '' of flight recorders .  investigators say they still do n't have coordinated access to the crash site .  the u.s. and ukraine have accused pro-russian rebels of shooting down the plan .
 u.s. ambassador : iraq elections a turning point for democracy <sec> christopher hill is the u.s. ambassador to iraq .  he says the results of the recent election show that iraqis have a real democracy .  hill points out challenges iraqis overcame in past six months to hold elections .  winner ayad allawi : iraqis `` voted against sectarianism .
 shots fired as russia detains chinese fishing ships <sec> the russian coast guard seized two chinese vessels and detained 36 fishermen tuesday .  shots were fired at one vessel , which was eventually rammed by a russian ship .  local media reports claim the ships were illegally fishing in russian territorial wate .
 african beauty : hollywood classics get photographic remake <sec> senegalese photographer revisits cinema classics to give an africa twist .  the matrix , frida , among the movies he re-imagined .  omar victor diop 's work focuses on art and fashion .  his other work includes portraits of africa 's contemporary creative mind .
 ronaldo spot on for real madrid ; messi hat-trick sinks malaga <sec> cristiano ronaldo scores two penalties as real madrid beat athletic bilbao 4-1 .  real retain their five-point lead over rivals barcelona who beat malaga by the same score .  argentina striker lionel messi scores his fifth hat-trick of the season for barcelona .  in italy ac milan beat novara to close within one point of league leaders juventu .
