 minnesota governor told he is n't mccain 's vp pick , sources say <sec> sources : sen. john mccain not selecting minnesota gov . .  tim pawlenty .  plane 's arrival in ohio raises speculation about alaska gov . .  sarah palin .  mccain slated to appear with running mate at rally in ohio .  tom ridge , sen. joe lieberman and mitt romney are possible pick .
 day after shooting , lax works to get back to normal <sec> new : police will maintain high security for the `` foreseeable future , '' chief says .  terminal 3 where shooting occurred is now fully reopened .  100-foot pylons at lax entrance `` will light the night blue '' to honor fallen tsa officer .  about 1,550 scheduled flights with about 167,050 passengers were affected , airport say .
 fifa : human rights records to get 'greater status ' in future world cup bids <sec> fifa : human rights situation in qatar 'appalling ' .  world cup 2022 can improve the situation world governing body claims .  human rights to be given greater prominence in future choice of hosts .  qatar organizers announced 'workers ' charter ' earlier this wee .
 when god is n't on the guest list <sec> joseph and fiona long deliberately excluded religious texts from their wedding .  experts say it 's important to let religious family members know that the event will be secular .  couples need to prepare for the possibility that not everyone will approve .  `` i like that our wedding is going to be focused on us and our love , '' said one atheist brid .
 victims with ties to u.s. were targeted , mexican mayor says <sec> gang connected to drug cartel carried out 3 weekend killings , ciudad juarez mayor says .  drive-by shootings killed u.s. employee at consulate and 2 others .  `` we know that the u.s. citizens were targeted , '' reyes told cnn .  state department warns americans of danger of traveling to parts of three mexican state .
 he preaches against vaccines , calls measles 'benign ' <sec> dr. jack wolfson preached against vaccines in the media .  on wednesday , he fell silent , would not take a reporter 's questions .  an arizona medical board is investigating him but has not shared detail .
 cnn student news - december 15 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 jeb bush talks 2016 run with donors - cnnpolitics.com <sec> jeb bush met with south carolina donors and business leaders thursday .  bush said he was seriously considering a presidential run in 201 .
 opinion : a new way to get americans back to work <sec> rep. luke messer , 11 other gop members back workforce innovation and opportunity act .  the act , they say , hopes to update job training laws and put millions back to work .  they say there are already more than 50 programs costing $ 18 billion each year .  the bill will eliminate 15 programs seen as duplicative and retool training needs locall .
 amanda knox engaged , source says <sec> amanda knox is engaged to musician , a source close to the family tells cnn .  the news comes as her legal team continues to fight murder conviction in ital .
 kevin james talks physical comedy , 'here comes the boom ' <sec> james trained for 14 months to play a teacher/fighter in `` here comes the boom '' .  james co-wrote and co-produced the action comedy , which hits theaters on friday .  since `` the king of queens , '' james has headlined family-friendly film .
 american freed from nicaraguan prison : 'it 's a fight for your life ' <sec> nicaragua overturned american jason puracal 's conviction .  puracal had been sentenced to 22 years in prison .  high-profile americans had been fighting for his release for two years .  `` the whole experience has been very unbelievable , '' he tells cn .
 would you pay to cut in line for the toilets on a flight ? <sec> a fly.com survey reveals which airline fees passengers are willing to pay for .  4 % of those polled would pay to skip the line for the bathrooms .  13 % said they 'd splurge for control of the armrest .  20 % said they 'd spend extra for first class meals in coac .
 commentary : heroes in lab coats <sec> bob greene : our culture places premium on what celebrities are doing .  he says when illness threatens , we realize importance of medical researchers .  greene says jonas salk and albert sabin gained fame for their work on polio .  confidence and persistence helped them conquer the disease , greene say .
 maradona set for dubai switch after agreeing al wasl deal <sec> diego maradona will be the new coach of dubai-based al wasl , the club say .  former argentina coach has reportedly signed a two-year deal .  maradona was sacked as argentina coach after they lost 4-0 to germany at the world cu .
 a mother 's anger : stop linking autism to violence <sec> mother of son with asperger 's upset about misinformation spread recently .  writer implores journalists to be responsible when reporting on the syndrome .  `` your shoddy work impacts our children 's lives , '' she say .
 is a new secret beyonce album coming ? <sec> new : amazon uk lists the release on its website .  in december , beyonce shocked fans with a secret album .  it 's listed as part of a 4-disc packag .
 why dreamliner batteries worry experts <sec> new : faa grounds all u.s. dreamliners over battery fire concern .  boeing : `` we will be taking every necessary step '' .  after japan grounded the 787 , experts worry most about dreamliner 's lithium ion batterie .
 children among maoist combatants discharged in nepal <sec> more than 200 people were discharged from maoist camp in nepal .  they are former fighters and other members of the maoist people 's liberation army .  part of a group deemed `` disqualified '' by united nations findings in 2007 .  their discharge is seen as in important part of the nepal 's ongoing peace proces .
 business travelers opt for homier digs on the road <sec> some business travelers prefer furnished vacation rentals over hotels .  `` corporate and vacation rentals are homes . .  this is good for your head , '' one traveler says .  alternative accommodations usually come with more space , free wi-fi , free laundry facilitie .
 new football coach hired at penn state <sec> bill o'brien is hired at penn state 's next football coach .  the team 's quarterback says `` players are happy '' and the hire is `` exciting '' .  last fall , penn state trustees fired legendary coach joe paterno .  this followed ex-coach jerry sandusky 's being charged with sexually abusing boy .
 bet on olympic athletes ? this way , it 's ok <sec> charitybets.com lets anyone bet on an olympic athlete 's performance .  all money wagered goes to a charity that the competitor has chosen .  2004 olympics runner khadevis robinson among athletes participatin .
 use toilet before boarding , japan airline asks <sec> all nippon airways is asking passengers to go to toilet before flights .  airline estimates that four tons of carbon dioxide a month would be reduced .  comes as japanese airlines are struggling in the weak econom .
 federer powers into madrid final <sec> roger federer beats janko tipsarevic 6-2 , 6-3 to reach madrid masters final .  federer is chasing a record-equaling 20th masters title and the no . .  2 ranking .  tomas berdych will play federer after beating juan martin del potro 7-6 ( 5 ) , 7-6 ( 6 ) .  fastest serve record broken in south korea by australian journeyma .
 bored of f1 and nascar ? try dune bashing , the uae 's extreme motorsport <sec> dune bashing is an action-packed motor sport popular in the gulf .  a hundred sand dune competitors raced to the top of tel moreeb , the tallest sand hill in the uae .  the 30-meter-high `` scary hill '' earns its name thanks to the dizzyingly 50-degree steep slop .
 tgit : 17,000 state workers move to four-day weeks <sec> utah this month moved most employees to a four-day workweek .  the state estimates it will save $ 3 million in utility costs for the year .  some parents are happy about change ; others say it is n't fair .  the four-day work week is a one-year experiment and could become permanen .
 mother treks through alaska fog to guide rescuers to plane crash <sec> melanie coffee walked through the night over sloping tundra to reach rescuers .  she then guided them back to the site of a small plane crash where four people were dead .  the dead included her infant son , who she tried to give cpr , according to newspaper report .  five other people were injure .
 d.c. sniper scheduled to die next month <sec> attorneys for john allen muhammad say he has severe mental illness .  he is to die by lethal injection november 10 .  muhammad was offered choice in method of execution ; he declined .  muhammad and lee boyd malvo shot 13 people , killing 10 , police sai .
 jury deliberating in elizabeth smart case <sec> defense and prosecution have rested their cases in the trial of brian david mitchell .  jury will decide if mitchell 's mental problems kept him from knowing right from wrong .  defense said mitchell is so delusional that he could not understand his actions .  prosecutors produced mental health experts who said mitchell knew his actions were wron .
 canadians win ice dancing gold <sec> austria defeat germany and norway to secure gold in the men 's team ski jumping .  a giant leap of 146.5 meters from gregor schlierenzauer ensured austria 's victory .  the austrian quartet collected an olympic record points total of 1107 . .
 state media : iranian scientist says he was abducted <sec> the iranian scientist is en route to his homeland .  shahram amiri arrived at the pakistani embassy on monday .  iran claims u.s. kidnapped amiri to force him to give up data about iran 's nuclear program .  u.s. has denied charge but remains tight-lipped on whether amiri defecte .
 tatum o'neal released ; court date set for july <sec> new : tatum o'neal arraigned monday , released .  o'neal arrested sunday after she was seen making a purchase from drug dealer .  investigators charged her with criminal possession of a controlled substanc .
 obama hits governors for 'hiding under the covers ' from ebola <sec> president barack obama blasted governors who are mandating ebola-related quarantines .  he said those policies amount to `` hiding under the covers '' rather than leading .  obama said he 's putting `` on notice '' those governors , without citing them by nam .
 iraqi court sentences tariq aziz to death <sec> new : the vatican opposes the death sentence as `` not the best way to promote reconciliation '' .  he did nothing wrong and the trial was unfair , his daughter tells cnn .  aziz was iraq 's deputy prime minister from 1981 to 2003 .  two other baathists are also sentenced to deat .
 climber found dead in mount st. helens crater <sec> climber 's body to be taken to medical examiner 's office , official says .  joseph bohlig 's body found day after he fell while posing for picture .  bohlig slid 1,500 feet into mount st. helens crater .  he was a veteran climber , cnn affiliate katu report .
 6 questions for writer delia ephron <sec> delia ephron is a best-selling author and co-screenwriter of `` you 've got mail '' .  ephron 's sister nora , a famously prolific writer as well , died recently .  delia 's book `` sister mother husband dog ( etc . ) '' .  delves into creativity , connection and los .
 new 'urban car ' claims to slash co2 emissions by two thirds <sec> riversimple launches car prototype with lowest level of carbon emissions .  car is powered by a hydrogen fuel cell and four electric motors over the wheels .  company 's looking for $ 33 million dollars to build ten cars for trials .  designer spowers used expertise he gained in motor racing to build prototyp .
 benitez leads chelsea to third semifinal <sec> chelsea reach second straight european semi despite losing 3-2 in russia to rubin kazan .  fenerbahce and basel celebrate maiden berths in a major european semifinal .  benfica also make it through after late strike earns 4-2 aggregate win over newcastl .
 texas governor says 'no mob rule ' in legislature on abortion <sec> texas gov . .  rick perry calls second special session to address anti-abortion legislation .  a filibuster by state sen. wendy davis thwarted first attempt to pass bill last week .  critics say the bill will shut most of the state 's abortion clinics .  perry says `` unprecedented anarchy '' disrupted previous consideration of legislatio .
 why we crave drama of mayweather-pacquiao fight <sec> jonathan gottschall : millions to tune in to see mayweather-pacquiao fight , but this does n't show resurgence of declining sport of boxing .  so why will so many watch ? he says a fight is metaphor for the whole human condition , with everything noble and ugly on displa .
 formula 1 celebrated on stamps , collectibles <sec> royal mail releases set of stamps celebrating british f1 drivers .  british dependency releases rival set that does n't omit key drivers .  several countries around the world have produced ferrari-themed stamps , including many with no known f1 associatio .
 gabrielle giffords ' return to congress sparks re-election talk <sec> new : astronaut mark kelly says his wife `` make ( s ) this country a better place '' .  the representative makes dramatic and emotional appearance in house .  her office says she has not decided whether to run for re-election .  she still has a long way to go in her recovery , dr. sanjay gupta say .
 google ordered to remove anti-muslim film from youtube <sec> actress in `` the innocence of muslims '' had sued google , filmmaker .  she had been cast in a role in a different film .  actress had received deaths threats .  violent protests erupted in connection with the film in 201 .
 second-placed napoli stutter as pressure mounts on juventus boss <sec> napoli fail to move within two points of leaders ac milan after defeat in verona .  chievo complete the double over second-placed team with 2-0 victory .  turin giants juventus suffer fifth defeat in eight games this year , losing at palermo .  fourth-placed roma held 1-1 at home by second-bottom bresci .
 buffett named world 's richest man <sec> forbes crowns american investor warren buffett as world 's richest person .  after 13 years on top , microsoft 's bill gates drops to number three position .  russia replaces germany as no . .  2 country with 87 billionaires .  facebook founder mark zuckerberg may be youngest self-made billionaire in histor .
 under 16s 'too young ' for catwalk <sec> panel : under 16s too vulnerable to work as models , recommends catwalk ban .  reports says 17- and 18-year-olds also vulnerable , need chaperoning .  inquiry launched in wake of size zero debate .  deaths of two models , who died in past year , blamed on weight issue .
 five ways to keep alzheimer 's away <sec> a new study found ginkgo biloba may not help prevent dementia , alzheimer 's .  people can take steps to keep their memory sharp .  antioxidants , fish oil , curry , brain and body exercises appear to hel .
 wiggins makes history with first tour de france victory for british cyclist <sec> team sky 's bradley wiggins wins tour de france .  wiggins is first british rider to claim overall victory in cycling 's most famous race .  teammate chris froome finishes second with italy 's vincenzo nibali third .  mark cavendish wins 20th and final stage in pari .
 iran says missile test sinks warship-sized target <sec> iran says a drill included the launching of four missiles .  the missiles struck and sank a target the size of a warship , commander says .  the test comes as the united states and others conduct minesweeping exercis .
 drowning island pins hopes on clean energy <sec> tuvalu in pacific ocean threaten by rising sea levels from climate change .  with consortium of g8 energy companies plan to use only renewables by 2020 .  most of pacific island nation is less than one meter above sea leve .
 troubled tiger 'should go on oprah ' <sec> john daly advises tiger woods to go on television with his wife elin to end controversy .  daly believes it is best for world 's top golfer to `` get this thing aired out , tell the truth '' .  publicist max clifford believes the sport needs woods more than he needs it .  former european no . .  1 colin montgomerie says the american seems `` more normal '' no .
 heidfeld lands testing role with pirelli <sec> nick heidfeld has become a tester for f1 's 2011 sole tire supplier pirelli .  the 33-year-old leaves his role as reserve driver at mercedes in his native germany .  mercedes officials believe the pirelli deal may help him earn a race drive for next year .  pirelli returning to f1 on a three-year deal after last being involved in 199 .
 white house concert honors music of civil rights era <sec> all-star lineup includes bob dylan , joan baez , natalie cole , smokey robinson .  others include the blind boys of alabama , john mellencamp , gospel singer yolanda adams .  concert was moved up to tuesday because of a second round of snow in d.c. area .  actor morgan freeman served as master of ceremonie .
 obama 's legacy moment on iran <sec> will the agreement be enough to help distract the public from the obamacare rollout debacle ? .  56 % of americans said they 'd favor the kind ultimately reached .  there are drawbacks as well .  it complicates obama 's relationship with israe .
 sri lankan journalist predicted own execution <sec> lasantha wickrematunga gunned down execution-style january 8 .  posthumous column anticipated his slaying by government forces .  govt . .  : says no journalist , media institution should fear attack by government .  civil war with tamil tigers has killed more than 65,00 .
 cnn student news - march 21 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 undocumented workers awarded $ 3.85 million in accidents <sec> two undocumented workers from mexico , one from ecuador reach settlements .  the three had been injured in different construction accidents around new york .  attorney says undocumented workers have same rights once they 're on the job .  advocate says undocumented construction workers often have less-safe site .
 tens of thousands flee congo refugee camps <sec> new : congo rebels blame rwandan hutus for attack , report says .  internally displaced congolese flee as rebels attack government troops .  torrential rain makes refugee movement difficult .  u.n. refugee agency : some 375,000 have been forced from homes in past yea .
 colliding with nature 's best-kept secrets <sec> nima arkani-hamed , a theoretical physicist , predicts large extra dimensions .  the large hadron collider in switzerland may confirm his ideas .  lhc results may change ideas of spacetime for the first time since einstein .  string theory postulates that the building blocks of matter are vibrating string .
 problems at arlington national cemetery investigated <sec> army secretary john mchugh orders inquiry into poor record keeping .  previous investigation sought to identify remains in grave marked `` unknown '' .  in recent years , the cemetery has had a number of embarrassing problem .
 stanford scandal spreads <sec> antigua and barbuda regulators seize stanford group banks on islands .  financier allen stanford accused of $ 9.2b investment , sales fraud .  venezuela has also seized local bank owned by stanford group .  no criminal charges are filed against stanfor .
 massive postal service breach hits employees <sec> a u.s . .  postal service computer system was hacked , usps reported monday .  the cyber-security breach affected 750,000 current and retired employees .  confidential information for 2.9 million customers was also part of the breac .
 racist or good marketing ? 'the sapphires '' s controversial dvd art <sec> the u.s. dvd cover art for an australian film about aboriginal soul singers has been criticized .  the image places the aboriginal actors in the background , while foregrounding the white lead .  the u.s. distributors have apologized for the image .  some said the criticism was unjustified , as the white actor was the film 's best know .
 u.n. unlikely to sway poorer nations on obesity , diabetes <sec> eduardo gómez : u.n meeting this week to address diseases , including obesity , diabetes .  after hiv/aids , it is only second time u.n. has addressed health issues , he says .  gómez : developing nations not likely to take these u.n. resolutions seriously .  he says developing nations need funding , motivation to tackle obesity , diabete .
