 warrant : aaron hernandez stored guns in box after lloyd 's killing <sec> search warrant : ex-nfl player aaron hernandez stored guns in box after friend 's death .  another man , carlos ortiz , said hernandez walked through home with firearm , papers say .  hernandez is accused of killing odin lloyd in june ; he has pleaded not guilt .
 wiping away tears , obama mourns children killed in school shooting <sec> in a rare display of emotion , president obama chokes up over `` beautiful '' kids .  obama : the nation must come together to prevent such tragedies , regardless of politics .  `` our hearts are broken today , '' the president say .
 65-year-old man 's body parts strewn across 3 florida counties <sec> fort lauderdale police say warren danzig wasa killed and dismembered .  jamie saffran , 51 , was with first-degree murder in danzig 's death .  saffran told police that he 'd been friends with the victim for years , an affidavit says .  danzig 's body parts were found in separate containers stashed across south florid .
 nyc gets tough on tobacco , raises purchase age to 21 <sec> nyc mayor michael bloomberg signs law raising tobacco-purchasing age from 18 to 21 .  the law takes effect in 60 days .  new york city becomes the largest city to have an age limit as high as 2 .
 obama announces major trade pact with south korea <sec> he calls the agreement a 'win-win ' situation .  he says it will increase u.s. exports by $ 11 billion and support 70,000 jobs .  some business leaders praised the dea .
 'yes , it 's tough ' : for giffords , a wounded life has a new purpose <sec> former rep. gabby giffords was shot in the head two years ago .  today , with her husband , she crusades for tougher gun laws .  she lost the use of her right arm and has limited visio .
 roma chief eyes new overseas empire for italian football <sec> president of roma hopes that serie a will hold a league game outside italy .  james pallotta says the club has a growing fanbase in asia .  preseason tour of the united states encouraged him that italian game can grow .  roma is the first italian top-flight club to have foreign ownershi .
 is barcelona becoming 'less of a club ' ? <sec> barcelona say impending inquiry into neymar transfer has not damaged club .  current president and vice president could also face legal action .  former president sandro rosell quit because of row last month while revealing threats .  transfer could potentially be investigated by fif .
 street artist banksy to be unmasked via ebay auction ? <sec> ebay seller claims to know identity of anonymous uk artist banksy and will auction it to highest bidder .  at press time , top bid was just shy of $ 1 million .  seller is auctioning a piece of paper containing what he claims is banksy 's legal nam .
 men stoned to death for adultery , murder in iran <sec> officials say two men in iran stoned to death for adultery and murder .  country heavily criticized for its use of stoning punishment .  one man escaped death by digging his way out of hole where he was burie .
 student arrested in fatal shooting of 13-year-old girl on florida bus <sec> a florida girl , 13 , is fatally shot on a school bus taking her to a charter school in miami .  her 7-year-old sibling witnessed the shooting , police say .  another student has been arrested as the suspected shooter , police say .  the bus was carrying seven other pupil .
 will new video convince mexican judge to free u.s. mom ? <sec> new : yanira maldonado 's husband says the video evidence is `` clear as day '' .  her lawyer says security camera footage is crucial evidence .  maldonado is accused of smuggling drugs on a bus .  a judge has until friday to decide whether to press formal charge .
 the world needs more toilets <sec> jenna davis : 2.6 billion people do not have access to toilets , a global sanitation crisis .  every day more than 4,000 children die from sanitation-related illness , she says .  davis : a dedicated community is working to expand access to basic sanitation services .  in the u.s. , the prevailing urban sanitation model has changed little in 100 years , she say .
 cnn reporter 's favorite hong kong spots <sec> hong kong has vast areas of natural beauty in its many country parks .  riding the subway is the best way to people-watch .  board the ferry from tsim sha tsui to central at night for a great vie .
 the invisible women who hunt terrorists <sec> susan hasler : too often role of women in counterterrorism is de-emphasized .  she says women were instrumental in early days of search for bin laden .  the analysts proved better at understanding relationships and at suppressing ego , she says .  hasler : agencies should put female analysts in spotlight when attacks happe .
 pat-down backlash grows during holiday travel rush <sec> cancer survivor describes pat-down that led to his urostomy bag spilling .  tsa administrator says his agency walks a fine line between safety , security .  a viral video shows a young boy receiving a security pat-down .  tsa administrator says agency has no intention of changing its procedure .
 policeman killed in car bomb blast in spain 's basque region <sec> car bomb explodes in northern spanish city of arrigorriaga .  basque president : victim a national police officer named eduardo puelles .  official : explosion was caused by a limpet bomb placed underneath the car .  arrogorriaga in basque region at heart of long-running separatist campaig .
 opinion : changes in media pose a risk for america <sec> frum : in 20 years , the media scene in america has changed radically .  digital media have grown , while traditional media shrank .  he says people such as cliven bundy help media rally partisans , stoking fears .  frum : even highly educated people are susceptible to partisan falsehood .
 hong kong broadcaster fined for jiang zemin death story <sec> an asia television report suggested former chinese president jiang zemin had died .  atv fined almost $ 39,000 for the inaccurate report and its `` irresponsible approach '' to the inquiry .  rumors of ziang 's demise began when he failed to attend chinese communist party celebration .
 17 bodies found from lost air france plane <sec> new : brazilian military finds nine bodies ; crew of french vessel finds eight .  plane disappeared over atlantic ocean last week .  u.s. to contribute high-tech devices to look for plane 's emergency beacon .
 where afghanistan 's soldiers get training <sec> for seven years , americans and afghans work together to produce country 's best soldiers .  america 's role transitions into training , advising , assisting afghan forces as it prepares to withdraw .  major-general sayed abdul karim : `` we still need america 's help .
 pilot moonlights as father to 47 <sec> budi soehardi founded an orphanage to help children in indonesia .  `` mr. budi is like my own father , '' one resident says .  soehardi and his wife harvest their own rice to sustain the orphanage 's food supply .  vote now for the cnn hero of the year at cnn.com/heroe .
 privacy concerns hinder 'real-time web ' creation , developers say <sec> idea behind real-time web is to create technology that does n't require user to seek out info .  developers say they need to figure out how to protect privacy first .  real-time web could help local retailers catch up with major online stores , developer say .
 study : iphone 4 more fragile than previous models <sec> the iphone 4 is 82 percent more likely than older models to be damaged , a report says .  apple says the glass it developed for the iphone 4 is 30 times harder than plastic .  the higher percentage of damage could be attributed to fewer customers using case .
 karl hits mexican mainland , weakens to tropical storm <sec> new : karl is downgraded to a tropical storm .  new : it is weakening rapidly over the mountains of mexico .  hurricane karl made landfall in veracruz , mexico .  heavy rain could still cause problem .
 one person killed when three tornadoes strike arkansas <sec> new : 79-year-old ward baldridge of pearson killed .  tornado watch lifted for arkansas but remains for mississippi .  twisters struck saline , white , cleburne counties .  three people injured ; dozens of homes damage .
 and the top 10 cnn heroes of 2010 are ... <sec> top 10 cnn heroes of 2010 revealed by cnn 's anderson cooper on cnn.com .  the top 10 will be honored at a tribute show hosted by cooper airing thanksgiving night .  at the culmination of the show , cooper will announce the cnn hero of the yea .
 toobin : entrapment defense rarely works in case like craig 's <sec> `` you should n't be out to entrap people , '' sen. larry craig told arresting officer .  entrapment defense possible , but juries do n't often believe it , says cnn analyst .  idaho republican pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct after arrest in men 's roo .
 above all , phyllis diller was hysterical <sec> gilbert gottfried : phyllis diller did stand-up when women were n't supposed to be funny .  diller was not just a funny comic , he says ; she was a fine actress in movies and on stage .  gofffried : she did uso tours through vietnam with bob hope , holding her own .  in her old age , she was totally alert , funny , outspoken and a true pro to the end , he say .
 'jackass ' originals welcome high technology , new crew with 3-d film <sec> using just handheld video cameras , `` jackass '' franchise had humble , low-tech beginning .  johnny knoxville and core group of cast and crew has been together since the start .  technology required to produce 3-d film meant embracing new equipment , crew member .
 how to capture the perfect fireworks photo <sec> u.s. 's independence day is the perfect celebration for parties , barbecues -- and of course , fireworks . .  ireporters provided top tips for getting those fantastic fireworks shots .  some `` study up '' , others get to know their kit , or just know what shot they want .  but above all , the most important thing is to enjoy the celebration .
 nearly $ 43 million settlement proposed over fema trailers <sec> an estimated 60,000 people could share in the settlement , a lawyer says .  the deal must be approved by a federal judge in september .  fema trailers housed more than 100,000 households after hurricane katrin .
 ukraine orders crimea troop withdrawal as russia seizes naval base <sec> nato commander concerned about buildup of russian forces on ukraine 's border .  russian threats cited as reason for withdrawal , spokeswoman says .  russia seizes naval base in crimea , captures troops .  u.s. , other western nations kick russia out of g .
 opinion : with ruling , money talks even louder in politics <sec> u.s. supreme court rules cap on aggregate amount of election donations is unconstitutional .  sally kohn : this benefits people who have the most money to buy the most influence .  kohn : money gives you disproportionately better access to congress members and staff .  kohn : massive amounts of money and lobbying overturns the will of americans on issue .
 parry holds halfway austrian open lead <sec> englishman john parry holds a one-stroke halfway lead at the austrian open .  the 23-year-old cards a bogey-free five-under-par 67 to lie on eight-under-par .  u.s. open champion graeme mcdowell ( 68 ) is among three players in second .  overnight leader george coetzee of south africa fell away after a five-over 7 .
 'real housewives of atlanta ' husband charged in federal fraud case <sec> apollo nida appears on the reality tv series with wife phaedra parks .  nida allegedly set up fake companies to steal personal info .  feds accuse nida of stealing millions with identify theft .  nida spent five years in prison before marrying park .
 police group wants photos for boston manhunt calendar <sec> dzhokhar tsarnaev was captured in watertown ; brother died in shootout .  police foundation wants photos from that april night .  calendar planned for 201 .
 alaskan fire spreads in wildlife refuge ; residents urged to evacuate <sec> authorities have issued a voluntary evacuation notice for 1,000 structures .  the funny river fire , raging for nearly a week , has spread to engulf 140,000 acres .  officials say they suspect a human caused the blaze , but they 're still investigatin .
 cnn student news transcript : march 9 , 2010 <sec> explore some of the effects of an earthquake that struck the nation of turkey .  find out what residents of marjah , afghanistan are asking from their president .  step into the middle of a controversy surrounding a national stepping contest .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 'boycott florida ' is n't so simple , experts say <sec> boycotting state laws has a spotty record , analyst says .  some boycotting americans want florida to repeal its 'stand your ground ' law .  arizona boycott led to $ 141 million in losses , but experts dispute its effect on laws .  consumer boycott can succeed if public can easily shop elsewhere , analysts sa .
 activist slams china , india over cyclone aid <sec> founder of dissident group : china , india need to be more persuasive with junta .  maung zarni questions usefulness of asean regional group over disaster .  activist criticizes myanmar junta for not doing more to help victim .
 'partridge family ' dispute led to david cassidy relapse , manager says <sec> `` david just completed a stint in rehab and was doing very well in sobriety , '' rep says .  he relapsed after stressful questioning by lawyers , manager says .  `` it appears as if the pressure led to a brief relapse , '' she says .  friday 's drunken driving arrest was the singer-actor 's third in three year .
 weather worries prompt school closings in south <sec> new : schools in the south take cautious approach to predictions of freezing rain .  forecasters predict possible ice accumulations friday in georgia and four other states .  national weather service forecasters say they expect the cold to last through the week .  authorities say exposure to subfreezing temperatures left at least three people dea .
 iraqis flooding jordan get free schooling <sec> jordan opens school doors to all iraqi children , regardless of refugee status .  principal says her school is 20 percent iraqi this year .  education minister : iraqi kids will be incorporated into `` mainstream '' life .  one student says he lost five family members in ira .
 how to find your hidden money <sec> you or your relatives may be able to find lost money for free .  there 's almost $ 33 billion in unclaimed checks , utility refunds , stocks , bank accounts .  missingmoney.com and fdic are good places to start .  pbgc locates pensions , treasury tracks bond .
 white house officials get earful from democrats on obamacare <sec> democrats vent frustrations over obamacare to white house officials at weekly caucus meeting .  california says more than 1 million people get insurance cancellation notices .  white house officials will go to capitol on thursday to meet with senate democrats .  house to vote on friday on proposal that would let people keep their health care plan .
 website kickstarts fantasy film , ipod wristwatch <sec> kickstarter , the creativity fundraising site , is raising cash for its biggest projects ever .  filmmaker is days away from funding his version of author neil gaiman 's `` the price '' .  makers of a watch that uses an ipod nano sought $ 15,000 but have raised over $ 400,00 .
 edward snowden gets website job in russia , lawyer says <sec> new : a german lawmaker meets with snowden and invites him to testify before parliament .  snowden to start job friday with major russian website , one of his lawyers says .  lawyer declines to name site , citing security concerns .  russia gave asylum to snowden in august after he leaked info about u.s. spy program .
 rights report cites abuses in kurdish iraq <sec> kurdish security forces arbitrarily detain , torture people , amnesty international says .  government has made progress in human rights , but problems remain , agency says .  honor killings , other attacks on women need to end , it says .  journalists have been detained , beaten and harassed by security forces , report say .
 rescue official : 2 die in miami shooting <sec> new : shooting happened at apartment complex in liberty city neighborhood , wfor reports .  four other people were wounded , fire department spokesman say .
 asiana to proceed with tv station suit <sec> new : the intern is no longer with the ntsb .  earlier , asiana said it would sue ktvu and the national transportation safety board .  `` it 's very difficult to conceive of a defamation suit prevailing here , '' expert says .  the airline says it has retained a u.s. law fir .
 fake ids part of 'fantasy life , ' florida man tells police <sec> new : a man with a cache of badges , uniforms , denies wrongdoing , police chief says .  new : the man told investigators he `` lives in a fantasy world , '' the chief says .  chief james steffens says he 's not ready to accept the fantasy clai .
 iran releases jailed hiv/aids doctor , family says <sec> arash alaei was arrested , along with his brother , in 2008 .  kamiar alaei was freed last year .  he posts on facebook that arash was released and thanks their supporters .  the brothers are recognized for changing how hiv , aids are treated in ira .
 claims of lies and counter-lies dominate campaign rhetoric <sec> new : a house republican says romney 's personal finances are `` fair game '' .  the campaigns of president obama and mitt romney accuse each other of lying .  the charges involve competing claims about romney 's time at bain capital .  obama sends vice president joe biden to address the naac .
 u.s. urges north korea to free american after suicide attempt <sec> swedish diplomats meet with aijalon mahli gomes .  boston-area native serving an eight-year sentence in north korea .  media reports : he recently attempted suicide .  swedish embassy represents u.s. interests in the natio .
 elizabeth smart kidnap suspect to stand trial in november <sec> brian david mitchell is charged with kidnapping elizabeth smart from her bedroom in 2002 .  smart , then 14 , was found nine months later walking with mitchell and his wife .  mitchell 's attorneys apparently plan to ask for change of venue .  under a plea deal , mitchell 's wife agreed to cooperate in case against her husban .
 edward snowden to deliver uk 's 'alternative ' christmas address <sec> nsa leaker edward snowden to deliver christmas message on british tv .  channel 4 has broadcast alternative to queen 's traditional message since 1993 .  snowden : `` a child born today will grow up with no conception of privacy at all . .
 7 foods that fight fat <sec> eating certain foods can help you burn calories , experts say .  unrefined and whole foods are best : they require more energy to break down .  salmon , yogurt and coffee are among the better food .
 anti-putin protesters clash with police ; more than 250 arrested <sec> thousands protest against president-elect vladimir putin and his political allies .  some demonstrators veer off the agreed route and throw objects at authorities .  state-media reports police `` clubbed '' some protesters ; police deny using tear gas .  more than 250 are arrested , including key opposition figures , police sa .
 girl , 13 : boko haram made me wear suicide belt <sec> girl says other bomber said one of the trio should go in first and set off explosive device .  girl says her father turned her over to the islamist militants .  she was threatened with death if she did n't wear explosives bel .
 why gop gov talked health care with obama <sec> mike pence urged president obama to ok indiana 's proposal to expand health coverage .  pence says indiana 's plan is a departure from traditional medicaid because it includes health savings accounts .  but conservatives are accusing pence , a possible 2016 gop presidential contender , of embracing obamacar .
 tracing my jewish roots in cuba <sec> a cnn radio correspondent explores his jewish heritage in cuba .  his grandparents left cuba in the late 1940s .  an 86-year-old jewish man remembered correspondent 's famil .
 charges against argentina 's president kirchner dropped <sec> the prosecutor looking at allegations against argentina 's president says no crime committed .  the original prosecutor who brought the case was found dead in januar .
 widely distributed death photo of osama bin laden is fake <sec> a fake image of bin laden 's bloodied face went viral on the internet .  it was picked up by news organizations around the world .  u.s. authorities are weighing whether to release an actual image of his corps .
