 south africa 's tutu announces retirement <sec> nobel peace prize winner wants to spend more time with his family .  tutu retired as archbishop of cape town in 1996 .  he chaired south africa 's truth and reconciliation commission .  tutu turns 79 in octobe .
 naval rotc to return to columbia university <sec> columbia university will reinstate the naval reserve officers training corps .  the program was banned from campus in 1969 amid vietnam war controversy .  the university approved the return of nrotc in 2011 after do n't ask do n't tell was repeale .
 beckham 'excited ' by possible 'classique ' debut for psg <sec> david beckham named in a 20-man squad for paris saint-germain 's match on sunday .  veteran soccer icon hoping to make his debut in match against `` classique '' rivals marseille .  psg manager carlo ancelotti refuses to confirm that midfielder will take part in match .  beckham 's former club manchester united extend english league lead to 15 point .
 indian police take cow 'mugshots ' <sec> authorities in the indian city of malegaon have asked residents to take a 'mugshot ' of their cattle .  cows are revered by the majority hindu population , and many parts of the country have laws banning the slaughter of cattle .  officials in malegaon believe this is the best way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the la .
 muslim brotherhood picks new parliament speaker <sec> the muslim brotherhood 's political arm won more than 40 % of parliamentary seats .  the man nominated as speaker is described as moderate .  the new parliament convenes a year after the egyptian protests began .  some liberals fear a more restrictive state with islamists in powe .
 6 ways the u.s. has faltered on syria <sec> blake hounshell says hom is likely to fall as syria regime continues brutal crackdown .  he says u.s. committed to ousting regime but has not gone all in to end complex conflict .  he lists 6 ways the u.s. faltered , including taking force off the table ; worrying about al qaeda .  hounshell : there are no good options , only bad and worse ; time running short to save live .
 commentary : last thing we need now is a great leader <sec> everyone thinks we need to get a smarter guy in the white house , says penn jillette .  jillette : obama is a great leader who fires people up , gets them to do what he wants .  mccain scares jillette a little less because he 's a little less likely to win .  ron paul , bob barr say they want much smaller governmen .
 how israel 's electoral system works <sec> israel goes to the polls in national elections on february 10 .  34 parties bidding for 120 seats in the knesset , israel 's parliament .  turnout among israel 's 5.3 million eligible voters expected to be high .  election follows collapse of kadima-led coalition , resignation of ex-pm ehud olmer .
 yemen 's president restructures armed forces <sec> yemen 's president restructures the military to remove predecessor 's allies .  the nation 's military will now have five branches ; defense ministry takes over 2 groups .  activist calls the restructuring `` a good step '' but warns `` it wo n't happen overnight . .
 failed blowout preventer in gulf oil disaster hauled aboard ship <sec> new : the failed blowout preventer is brought to the surface .  a new blowout preventer has been placed on the capped well .  bp will continue work on its gulf relief wel .
 5 dead after powerful quake strikes in south pacific <sec> five people die after a tsunami hits an eastern area of the solomon islands .  the 8.0-magnitude quake struck off the santa cruz islands , part of the solomons .  pacific tsunami warning center cancels all tsunami alerts for the regio .
 7.2 earthquake hits off coast of japan <sec> new : tsunami advisory is called off .  quake was centered 105 miles of the coast of honshu , japan 's main island .  tremor could be felt in tokyo , 267 miles from epicenter , cnn reporter say .
 paramedic who responded to texas plant blast sentenced for pipe bomb <sec> bryce reed is sentenced to 21 months in federal prison , a prosecutor 's office says .  he had pleaded guilty to conspiring to possess an unregistered destructive device .  reed was among the first responders to a deadly blast at a texas fertilizer plant .  his lawyers have said the charges are unrelated to that incident , which left 15 dea .
 the 'memristor ' : a new era for electronics ? <sec> the memristor is a new type of electrical component that could revolutionize electronics .  it was first conceptualized in the 1970s , long before one could even be built .  researchers at eth work with ibm in memristors for future computing devices .  memristor-based chips would n't require silicon , so we could see computers in windows , textiles or even coffee cup .
 porn actor , wanted for murder , dies after falling off cliff <sec> porn actor falls to death after police use stun gun .  stephen clancy hill was accused of killing a coworker with a samurai-style sword .  attack was unprovoked , police said .  hill died after eight-hour standof .
 5 things that are `` rupert 's fault '' as a christian <sec> muslims `` must be held responsible '' for `` growing jihadist cancer , '' rupert murdoch says .  j.k. rowling , aziz ansari challenge his logic by applying it to christianit .
 astronaut : new satellite network could track missing aircraft <sec> former space station commander hadfield : new satellites could help locate planes .  first of shoebox-sized satellites released last month from the space station .  planet labs , a san francisco company , says they will provide unprecedented imagery .  hadfield : if flight 370 crashed , wreckage will eventually be foun .
 tiger woods rues 'awful ' short game on competitive return <sec> tiger woods shoots a disappointing five-over 77 after four-month injury layoff .  woods down in last place 11 shots off lead held by jordan spieth .  former world no . .  1 recently announced new swing coach chris como .  woods says new swing is `` new , but old '' and perhaps less physically taxing on bod .
 o'malley on clinton : you 're inevitable until you 're not <sec> he made the statement before in march .  o'malley is low in the polls with democrats , but he has been flirting with a presidential ru .
 new yorker sentenced for murder of 8-year-old leiby kletzky <sec> new : his attorney , howard greenberg , said he asked for protective custody for aron .  a judge accepted a plea deal earlier this month .  the city 's chief medical examiner said the boy died after being drugged and then smothere .
 judge in hariri case urges suspects to participate in trial <sec> the four suspects are said to be members of hezbollah .  rafik hariri was assassinated february 14 , 2005 , in beirut .  lebanese authorities say they ca n't get their hands on the suspect .
 teal pumpkins try to change halloween for kids with food allergies <sec> some halloween candy can trigger food allergies .  the teal pumpkin project is encouraging non-food treats for allergic kids .  candy that 's safe other times of the year might not be safe during hallowee .
 rockets kill 1 in israel ; hamas military wing ends truce <sec> new : one person killed in rocket attack on beer sheva .  more than 24 rockets and mortars have struck israel on saturday .  the attacks follow overnight israeli airstrikes on gaza .  the military wing of hamas calls an end to a de facto truce with israe .
 michelle obama 's fashion initiative <sec> first lady michelle obama hosts a fashion workshop at the white house .  more than 150 students attend the workshop .  obama emphasizes the importance of education in front of more than 150 student .
 a tax we could learn to love <sec> david frum : carbon dioxide emissions worldwide are at record levels .  to strike a blow against climate change , u.s. should enact a carbon tax , frum says .  he says it would provide revenue , allow for middle-class tax relief , spark econom .
 rescuer was woman 's last hope in haiti : 'we told her we wo n't leave ' <sec> rescuer searched every day for a woman 's husband and 4-year-old son in haiti .  he believed father and son could be alive , that their bond could sustain them .  the response to a quake in his own country inspired him to assist in disasters .  his efforts ended not as he had hoped , but with the sight of more sufferin .
 consumer reports : 'purple haze ' pics not unique to iphone 5 <sec> consumer reports says the `` purple haze '' effect on iphone 5 photos is not unusual .  effect was no more pronounced than with iphone 4s or two android-based phones , they say .  apple has suggested users angle the camera or shield the len .
 south korean military apologizes for firing at commercial jet <sec> two soldiers fired 99 rounds after mistaking the plane for a north korean military jet .  military official : guards `` need more education on how to distinguish civilian airplanes '' .  the south korean military says the rounds fired were warning shots .  the airline says two other flights flew on the same route within an hou .
 insurance not required , fema told flooded town <sec> nearly all homes , businesses in gulfport , illinois , were destroyed by floodwaters .  fema did n't require flood insurance since levee rated to withstand a 100-year flood .  only 28 of the town 's 200 residents have flood insurance ; many ca n't afford to rebuild .  risk assessment was accurate and flood dangers being re-evaluated , fema say .
 grammy upset : arcade fire beats gaga , eminem for top album <sec> arcade fire takes album of the year .  lady antebellum wins 5 grammys .  eminem wins the best rap album grammy .  esperanza spalding wins for best new artis .
 spain still speechless over anthem <sec> approaching olympic games creates impetus to find words for spain 's anthem .  panel rejects winning song because of controversial lyrics .  7,000 spaniards competed to find words for anthe .
 mtv orders 'scream ' pilot , wes craven may direct <sec> mtv has greenlit a pilot based on the 'scream ' movies .  director wes craven is in talks to helm the one-hour pilot .  if ordered to series , 'scream ' would debut in summer 201 .
 suspect in iowa coach 's death was in police custody days earlier <sec> new : mark becker , who faces murder charges , had `` recent contact '' with police .  new : police say they were n't notified suspect was released from hospital .  on june 20 , becker led police on a high-speed chase after an alleged burglary .  coach ed thomas has died after being shot inside a schoo .
 california man arrested near canadian border on terror charges <sec> 20-year-old nicholas teausant was arrested near the canadian border , the doj says .  he is accused of trying to get to syria to join an international terrorist organization .  teausant is expected to make his first court appearance monday afternoo .
 a visit to eerie hashima 'skyfall ' island <sec> japan 's abandoned hashima island was the inspiration for the villain 's lair in `` skyfall '' .  tour operators have been offering trips from nagasaki to hashima since 2009 , but access is limited .  the ruins are spectacular and dangerous , and come with a dark histor .
 spanish fishing boat repels pirate attack <sec> spanish fishing boat repels attack by suspected pirates in indian ocean off african coast .  private security company aboard fishing vessel returned fire and thwarted attack .  pirates have captured more than 50 ships this year off somalia and are currently holding 1 .
 idaho senator accused of dui in virginia <sec> new : idaho sen. michael crapo 's blood alcohol level was .110 at the time of his arrest , police say .  crapo is accused of driving under the influence in virginia .  crapo : `` i am deeply sorry for the actions that resulted in this circumstance '' .  crapo has represented idaho in the senate since 1999 and was in the house for six year .
 asteroid to pass close to earth on sunday <sec> asteroid 2014 rc will fly `` very close '' to earth on sunday .  earth 's not in danger , nasa says , but the flyby will give scientists something to study .  the asteroid , which is expected to fly over new zealand , wo n't be visible to the naked ey .
 supreme court limits privacy rights of government contractors <sec> the high court affirms personal background checks by the government .  the ruling applies to current and prospective employees under government contract .  the lawsuit was filed by scientists , engineers and others at the jet propulsion laborator .
 tackling thailand 's human trafficking problem <sec> u.s. says thailand is n't doing enough to fight human trafficking .  thailand could face sanctions as a result of state department 's annual report .  thailand 's ambassador to the u.s. says `` significant efforts '' have been made to tackle problem .  countries need to show `` results '' not only promises , state department say .
 how to decorate with wedding flowers <sec> preston bailey is known for fantasy floral designs , but the same rules apply on any budget .  focus on visible , high-impact areas , like a bride 's bouquet or table centerpieces .  research before you buy so you know when they 'll be in full bloom .  bailey : trim stems at an angle , skip chemicals and change water every da .
 'snl ' mocks iphone 5 gripes <sec> a `` saturday night live '' sketch pokes fun at bloggers ' whining about the iphone 5 .  skit contrasts those gripes with the lives of the chinese factory workers who build the phone .
 ufo 'appeared above jazz stage at glastonbury ' <sec> newly released files contain over 4,000 pages of ufo sightings .  most cases have been accounted for with more mundane explanations .  number of sightings linked to popularity of sci-fi film and television show .
 astana 's vincenzo nibali left in tour de france limbo <sec> uci wants astana 's worldtour license withdrawn .  2014 tour de france winner vincenzo nibal rides for astana .  world governing body voices concerns over team 's anti-doping policies .  lance armstrong rode for astana in 200 .
 formula one grand prix returns to u.s . <sec> formula one to return to u.s. at a new track in austin , texas .  f1 supremo bernie ecclestone confirmed the move on wednesday .  last u.s. grand prix was held in indianapolis in 2007 .  austin was one of several new locations for the grand prix including new yor .
 sonar may have detected airasia flight qz8501 wreckage <sec> official dials back earlier comments to cnn on discovery of wreckage .  search chief says body of plane has n't been found yet .  heavy wind and rain , as well as big waves , hamper search .  surface debris found at least 100 kilometers ( 60 miles ) from plane 's last known locatio .
 feds sue wyndham hotels over repeated computer hacks <sec> the ftc alleges lax computer security policies by wyndham hotels .  russian hackers accessed more than 500,000 customer accounts , the ftc says .  wyndham says it made prompt efforts to notify customers and offered credit monitoring .  the ftc suit wants wyndham to improve its security measures for customer informatio .
 hope city : 'africa 's tallest building ' planned at $ 10 billion tech hub <sec> hope city is a planned high-tech hub outside accra , ghana .  the technopolis will house 25,000 residents and create jobs for 50,000 people .  construction is expected to begin by june and to be completed within three year .
 goodell : nfl could n't legally get ray rice videos <sec> nj law prohibits release of certain evidence during legal matters , nfl boss says .  goodell sends memo to all 32 teams explaining why league had n't seen video until monday .  tmz sports posted a video online showing ray rice punching his future wife .  critics said the nfl should also have been able to get the video and an earlier on .
 early beatles audition tape going on the auction block <sec> the beatles recorded an audition tape for decca on new year 's day 1962 .  they performed covers of other bands ' songs .  decca rejected the quartet , but emi records took a chance on the .
 can doing nothing help you be more productive ? <sec> in an age of constant movement and connectedness , maybe what we really need is some stillness .  a recent study found that americans work fewer hours than they did in 60s , but feel like they have less time .  writer pico iyer argues that when we feel scattered , most of us already have the answer .  maybe we need to just do nothing and go nowhere -- even if it 's for five minute .
 quinceañeras often symbolize family 's hard work , success <sec> quinceañeras , or 15th birthday celebrations , mark a girl 's transition to womanhood .  jenny ferro , 15 , has been preparing for her celebration since she was 3 years old .  marlene ferro estimates she spent $ 20,000 on her daughter 's quinceañera .  expert : the elaborate parties are a way for latinos to say 'i have done well here .
 fda : peanut plant knew product was tainted with salmonella <sec> government confirms pca shipped salmonella-tainted product without further testing .  pca had said it shipped products only after subsequent tests returned negative .  fda : data provided by company `` not consistent with the subsequent analysis .
 timeline : recounting norway 's three-hour nightmare <sec> an explosion rocked government offices in central oslo on friday afternoon .  police say the suspect in that blast then headed 20 miles to utoya island .  there he gunned down at least 86 people , in addition to 7 killed by the bomb .  the 32-year-old man did n't put up a fight when he was arrested , police sa .
 u.s. aid to mali at risk after coup <sec> new : the united states gives mali roughly $ 140 million each year .  new : african union suspends mali after coup , will consider sanctions .  the tuareg rebels take advantage of the political chaos .  military leaders say they will hold election .
 philip seymour hoffman cast as plutarch in 'catching fire ' <sec> philip seymour hoffman has been cast in `` the hunger games : catching fire '' .  hoffman will portray politically crafty head gamemaker plutarch heavensbee .  he 's the first new actor to officially join the wildly popular franchise .  `` the hunger games : catching fire '' is set to hit theaters on november 22 , 201 .
 final chapter underway in nation 's ugliest primary <sec> gop sen. thad cochran hopes african-american democrats can help him keep his seat .  cochran is in bitter runoff battle with tea party-backed challenger chris mcdaniel .  mcdaniel says cochran 's long tenure in washington makes him part of status quo .  cochran is banking on that tenure , and the benefits it provides back hom .
 7 reasons the 787 dreamliner is special <sec> boeing 787 dreamliner makes first passenger flight wednesday .  787 is 20 % more fuel efficient than similarly-sized aircraft , boeing says .  new plane material means cabin pressure on 787 is higher than other airplane .
 historic win for mercedes in russia overshadowed by bianchi tribute <sec> lewis hamilton wins the inaugural russian grand prix from mercedes rival nico rosberg .  the mercedes one-two in sochi secures the team 's first constructors ' title .  mercedes chief toto wolff says : `` we do n't forget about jules '' .  the drivers held a minute 's silence on the grid for stricken marussia driver jules bianch .
 extreme birthday parties : how much is too much ? <sec> kids ' party costs are skyrocketing for guests and hosts , bill doherty says .  gift bags contain more junk ; kids get overstimulated and hard to manage .  being on the `` party circuit '' is stressing families ' schedules and budgets .  there is pressure to make parties perfect , original and a once-in-a-lifetime experienc .
 generation y : too demanding at work ? <sec> survey : employees under the age of 29 expect more benefits and other perks .  generation y employees are also expecting better pay out of college .  technology is largely responsible for the shift in expectation .
 bravo sets premiere date for rihanna 's 'styled to rock ' <sec> rihanna 's fashion show will now appear on bravo .  `` styled to rock '' had been slated for the now defunct style network .  the grand prize includes a chance to join rihanna 's style tea .
 opinion : why are more women drinking ? <sec> women talk to peggy drexler about needing to drink to unwind after day with kids or work .  drexler : more women drinking more heavily ; college age women drinking more than men .  websites promote moms drinking wine , she says . .  often women do n't see signs of trouble .  drexler : rise might be cause women staying single longer , working at traditional male job .
 fda cuts recommended lunesta dose in half <sec> fda : the recommended starting dose for lunesta should be 1 mg , not 2 mg .  it notes studies showing `` severe next-morning psychomotor and memory impairment '' .  lunesta is the `` no . .  1 prescribed branded sleep aid , '' its website say .
