 pro-wikileaks hackers change target to paypal <sec> new : the u.n. high commissioner for human rights blasts pressure on websites .  a dutch teen is arrested over hacking attacks on mastercard and visa .  a hackers ' collective says it does n't have enough forces to target amazon.com .  wikileaks denies any connection with the hackers and wo n't support or condemn the .
 parents of transgender first-grader file discrimination complaint <sec> `` the district firmly believes it has acted reasonably and fairly , '' its lawyer says .  coy mathis ' parents file a complaint under colorado 's anti-discrimination act .  coy can no longer use the girls ' restroom at her elementary school .  the school district says coy can use other restrooms in the schoo .
 macklemore apologizes for beard and nose but defends 'disguise ' <sec> new : jewish group says it will `` take him at his word that he did not have any ill intent '' .  b'nai b'rith says costume was `` deeply offensive and propagates jewish stereotypes '' .  the hat , big fake nose , black beard and wig were `` random , '' not anti-semitic , rapper says .  seth rogen calls macklemore out on twitter for wearing an `` anti-semitic costume .
 30 years on , 'raiders of the lost ark ' inspires real adventures <sec> exhibit of movie props , real artifacts marks anniversary of first film in series .  indiana jones ' legacy extends to scientists inspired by the films .  several ireporters describe how the movies sparked career choice .
 'walking dead ' executive producer talks about season premiere <sec> robert kirkman is the executive producer of `` the walking dead '' .  he said this season 's theme is `` are n't these people too far gone '' .  he also said the governor will appear this seaso .
 are western sanctions against iran to blame for playwright 's death ? <sec> iranians say access to life-saving drugs is difficult because of western sanctions .  west has imposed harsh economic sanctions for iran 's failure to suspend nuclear program .  economic sanctions targeting iranian banks and energy sector have crippled iran 's economy .  u.s. officials say western sanctions are designed to target government , not citizen .
 end the stigma of mental illness ( opinion ) <sec> andreas lubitz , the co-pilot who crashed the germanwings flight , battled with depression .  jay ruderman and jo ann simons : society must talk about mental illness to help people cope with it bette .
 2-year-old reported missing from arizona campground <sec> syler newton was wearing only a diaper when he disappeared early sunday .  he was camping with a family preparing to adopt him .  dozens of people , including teams with bloodhounds , have joined the searc .
 ahmadinejad accuses obama of interfering in election <sec> iran 's president criticizes comments by u.s. counterpart .  `` did n't he say he was after change ? '' .  ahmadinejad says of obama .  iran criticizes group of eight for condemnation of post-election violence .  state department denies claim that iranians were denied visas for u.n. conferenc .
 commentary : latinos are assimilating in the usa <sec> ruben navarrette jr. : 47 million americans are latino .  he says story of their community is told in detail in `` latino in america '' .  he says latinos are assimilating in america despite challenges .  for latino-americans , these are the best and worst of times , he say .
 vettel storms to australia gp pole <sec> reigning champion sebastian vettel on pole ahead of season-opening australian gp .  the red bull driver is ahead of lewis hamilton in second , and mark webber in third .  jenson button in fourth position , with ferrari 's fernando alonso in sixt .
 soldier who died trying to rescue daughters laid to rest at arlington <sec> edward duane cantrell returned in august from his latest overseas deployment .  the green beret , 36 , had four bronze stars and a purple heart .  it was his wish to be buried at arlington , the army say .
 almost 13,000 chinese children sickened by tainted milk <sec> new : four infants dead , 12,892 sick after drinking baby formula .  new : hong kong girl , 3 , first case outside mainland china , released from hospital .  nestle says none of its products in china is made from milk with melamine .  hong kong government says melamine found in chinese-made nestle milk powde .
 princess diana murder claim doubted <sec> experts say they doubt claim published in uk media about soldiers being involved .  story of accidental death is n't enough , author mark saunders says ; `` they want more '' .  claim alleges british military was involved in the death .  the palace has declined to comment ; police say only they are assessing the informatio .
 senate majority leader harry reid out of hospital <sec> reid entered george washington university hospital not feeling well .  his office said tests were normal ; doctors diagnosed exhaustion .  reid was kept at hospital during the day for observation ; let go by evening .  senate had marathon sessions this week ; budget bill , nominations approve .
 world cup : neymar inspires brazil to victory <sec> brazil defeats cameroon to seal top spot in group a .  host will now take on chile in last 16 on saturday .  mexico defeats croatia 3-1 to claim second place .  mexico faces netherlands in knockout phas .
 pietersen fined for speeding after warne lays on lamborghini <sec> kevin pietersen fined for speeding in melbourne , australia .  england batsman had lamborghini laid on for him by spin legend shane warne .  victoria police reportedly fine pietersen three penalty points and $ 235 .  pietersen hit a double hundred as england won second test in the ashes serie .
 tractor clearing snow kills pregnant ny woman ; baby born by c-section <sec> min lin , 36 , was struck and killed by a compact tractor clearing a parking lot .  her nearly full-term baby boy was delivered by cesarean section .  new york city 's sixth winter storm may dump up to 14 inches of sno .
 real madrid striker benzema clocked at high speed , could lose driver 's license <sec> police say karim benzema was clocked at 216 kph in a 100-kph zone on a madrid highway .  authorities did not immediately pursue benzema because of safety concerns , police say .  they say they tracked him down using the vehicle 's license plate .  he could lose his license for at least a year , be jailed or fined , or face community servic .
 great white shark killed california surfer , officials say <sec> the great white shark was at least 15 feet long , officials say .  authorities release a photo showing teeth marks on a surf board .  39-year-old francisco javier solorio died in the attack .  four friends were riding waves off surf beach at vandenberg air force bas .
 'psychiatric bible ' tackles grief , binge eating , drinking <sec> the new diagnostic and statistical manual was released over the weekend .  the `` psychiatric bible '' overhaul has not been without controversy .  autism , binge eating and drinking and grief will all see changes in the new manua .
 police say suspect in south carolina serial killings is dead <sec> `` we believe a killer is off the streets , '' official says .  north carolina authorities shoot patrick burris , 41 , after he confronts police .  weapon found on man matches gun used in south carolina killings .  killer has slain five people in gaffney , south carolina , area , police sa .
 white house : no decision yet on moving 9/11 trial <sec> new : orange county , new york , leader : do n't move trial here .  officials : president , justice department considering moving 9/11 trial from new york city .  new york mayor concerned about costs and disruption of holding the trial in city .  new york police : cost to the city would be more than $ 200 million per yea .
 'crazy ' dead heat in world cup ski race <sec> hannes reichelt and dominik paris share first place in men 's world cup downhill race .  aksel lund svindal extends his overall lead after finishing only 0.01 seconds back in third .  svindal was just 0.01 seconds ahead of fourth-placed klaus kroll , last season 's downhill champion .  italian skier paris wins the first world cup event of his career to delight the home crow .
 seal gives shark the slip in great white photo <sec> photographer captures seal balancing on shark 's nose .  `` this seal was one lucky pup , '' david `` baz '' jenkins tells caters news agency .  jenkins ' website struggled to keep up after media picked up on the imag .
 quincy jones may try to buy back vibe magazine <sec> vibe , one of the best-selling hip-hop magazines , shut down on tuesday .  founder , music producer quincy jones says he envisions an online future for vibe .  vibe 's closure eliminates jobs for all 48 staff member .
 hollywood ships and silver submarines : world 's top five 'boatels ' <sec> enterprising hoteliers are converting historic vessels into over-night stays .  top five from across the world include wwii submarine and 1960s lifeboat .  perfect for guests wanting water views with the convenience of dry land .  not all float on water -- art installation , a room for london , perched on buildin .
 celebrities who share themselves to help others <sec> some celebrities give from heart and self to help others .  don cheadle admires courage of relief workers in war torn darfur .  lucy liu saw classes held next to mass grave for pakistani quake victims .  joan allen reads books to disadvantaged childre .
 israel : weapons facilities in gaza hit in response to incoming rockets <sec> two rockets from gaza are fired upon israel , military says .  israel launches airstrikes on gaza , targeting two weapon facilities .  israel blames hamas , which controls gaza , for the rocket fir .
 nj governor dismisses criticism of storm response <sec> gov . .  chris christie insists his state had competent leadership during the storm .  critics have attacked christie and lieutenant governor for being away .  christie says he promised his son a disney vacation long ago .  christie says he is not bothered by the criticis .
 quench your speech trivia thirst <sec> obama 's address will be the 220th state of the union/ '' annual message '' .  the constitution requires the president to brief congress `` time to time '' .  one cabinet member is designated not to attend to ensure the line of succession .  the speaker of the house always introduces the presiden .
 do-it-yourself halloween decorating 101 <sec> pumpkins and wreaths with diy touches can add whimsy , sophistication to holiday decor .  use doilies and coffee filters to make garlands that look old , beautiful and a little creepy .  wrap a foam wreath base in yarn , embellish with flowers , for customized wreath .  bonus costume ideas for mom and baby : chef and lobster , plane and aviato .
 greenwald case : silence the media , compromise freedom <sec> david miranda , partner of journalist glenn greenwald , was detained at heathrow .  greenwald broke news of secret nsa surveillance programs in the guardian .  uk prides itself on upholding rights of individuals and free press , writes blake .  if you silence the media , you silence informed citizenry , she say .
 voluntary recall of 600,000 coffeemakers due to burn risk <sec> coffeemakers recalled in the united states and canada .  u.s. agency says apparent malfunction can spew hot water and grounds .  dozens of injuries reported from faulty brewers sold at major retailer .
 british navy confirms rescue of pirated ship in gulf of aden <sec> 17 pirates were apprehended , five fishermen freed after 3 months ' captiviity .  yemeni-flagged fishing dhow had been taken over by pirates in november .  british team boarded the ship in a `` slick '' rescue operation , commander says .  south korean vessel had sent out a distress call based on suspicions about the dho .
 the americans are coming <sec> haiti aid operation continues tradition of u.s. helping around the world , says bob greene .  he says there were criticisms of the speed of the aid .  greene says that the response shows that americans are eager to contribute and to help .  he says americans can still aspire to be the hope of the worl .
 4 killed in crash on mississippi highway <sec> interstate 10 reopens eastbound after being closed for several hours .  police : a truck pulling a flatbed trailer rolls overs on interstate 10 in mississippi .  four 18-wheeler trucks , six cars crash , shutting down traffic near the louisiana line .  a police spokesman says weather was not a factor in the acciden .
 five foreign policy headaches for obama <sec> obama delivers the commencement address wednesday at west point .  his focus will be foreign policy .  there are global challenges likely to dominate the remainder of his term .  among them : russia , syria , iran , the terror threat and asi .
 opinion : syria plunging mideast into sectarian war ? <sec> peter bergen : complicating the syria picture is regionwide sectarian strife .  he says the historic sunni-shia split is a key dynamic and u.s. strike could worsen conflict .  iraq 's death toll from sectarian struggles has been increasing .  bergen : al qaeda-affiliated groups will seek to take advantag .
 surgery in a blackout : the doctor healing children 's broken hearts <sec> dr godwin godfrey is tanzania 's only children 's heart surgeon .  he has to contend with power cuts during open heart surgery .  doctors in tanzania face a lack of equipment .  he is now looking to build a team of pediatric surgeons in tanzani .
 southeast to stay stuck another day as storms move northeast <sec> new : overnight freeze will keep the southeast stuck .  new : the southeast storm is expected to merge with another coming from the plains .  traffic fatalities are reported in mississippi , alabama .  school closings are stretching into tuesday for much of the regio .
 florida officer , murder suspect killed in exchange of gunfire <sec> florida officer killed during manhunt in panhandle .  col. greg malloy and homicide suspect wade williams died .  malloy was working with prison 's k-9 tracking tea .
 thomas relief after admitting he is gay <sec> former wales rugby captain gareth thomas has spoken of his relief at making public the fact he is gay .  the 35-year-old thomas now wants to become a role model for gay people in general .  thomas is the most capped player n wales rugby history with 100 appearances for his countr .
 sheriff : 2nd man to face murder charges in mississippi family 's deaths <sec> cedrick mason is arrested , will likely be charged with murder , sheriff says .  he 'd join timothy burns , now charged in the deaths of a woman , her 7-year-old son .  hughes-smith 's husband was also killed ; it 's not known in which count .
 opinion : expand medicare for all americans <sec> vijay das : nearly 50 years old , medicare has been a success and has improved health care .  he says we should extend medicare health coverage to assure quality care for all .  das : report optimistic on medicare ' solvency : it 's efficient and just way for universal care .  das : u.s. only major nation in industrialized world that does n't guarantee right of health car .
 3 shot at florida state university <sec> campus police killed the gunman after he refused to put down his weapon .  the shooting occurred at strozier library .  `` the library was packed , '' says mary coburn , the vice president of student affairs .  fsu canceled all classes and exams for thursda .
 review : hooray for 'hellboy ii ' <sec> cnn.com 's tom charity : `` hellboy ii '' shows more guillermo del toro brilliance .  ron perlman is back as the cigar-chomping title character .  plot is secondary to amazing characters , including a vaporous mas .
 u.s. military : taliban killings prompted airstrikes <sec> new : taliban used grenades , paraded bodies through villages , official says .  new : u.s. believes taliban planned attack expecting u.s. to call in airstrikes .  civilians killed in u.s. airstrikes in afghanistan , red cross says .  news of strike comes as afghan president visiting washington for talk .
 matt damon : not a fan of obama <sec> matt damon : president obama `` misinterpreted his mandate '' .  the actor says he 's passionate about politics but has no political aspirations .  damon : `` i feel like the work i do now allows me to change things '' .  damon is involved in the nonpartisan water.org movemen .
 why i 'm celebrating india today <sec> freida pinto : world health organization on thursday is proclaiming india to be polio free .  india had half the world 's new cases in 2009 , and 200,000 in the 1980s .  pinto : experts doubted success because of population , poor health care and access .  pinto : committed people , volunteers , communities and cooperation bring real chang .
 several football players take part in protest for ncaa reforms <sec> the `` all players united campaign '' took to football fields on saturday .  about two dozen players at three schools wore the letters `` apu '' on their gear saturday .  the campaign is aimed at reforms in the ncaa to protect athletes ' rights and safety .  group 's president : movement is aimed to change ncaa 's `` misplaced '' prioritie .
 defense witness testifies whitey bulger did n't seem like an informant <sec> a former fbi agent is the first witness for the defense .  he testifies he recommended `` terminating '' bulger as an informant .  the defense files a motion to sequester the jury .  the prosecution rested its case frida .
 sharapova storms into third round in paris <sec> maria sharapova beats 11th seed nadia petrova at french open in paris .  former world number one sharapova is returning after a shoulder injury .  ana ivanovic and dinara safina also go through in straight set .
 nyt publisher gives media more details in executive editor 's firing <sec> new york times publisher dismissed executive editor jill abramson on wednesday .  news reports afterward questioned whether abramson was a victim of sexism .  on saturday , arthur sulzberger jr. gave more details in a statement to the media .  among terms used : `` ... arbitrary decision-making , '' `` public mistreatment of colleagues .
 the coordination that makes the pro-clinton world tick <sec> a web of democratic groups backing a possible second white house bid by hillary clinton is organizing .  groups bound by close personal ties and board packed with pro-clinton operatives .  but the early work for clinton could distract democrats from the 2014 midterms .  and the question remains : what if clinton does n't run in 2016 .
 india launches ambitious food aid program <sec> india launches ambitious $ 22 billion a year food aid program .  subsidies will provide hundreds of millions people with subsidized grain .  india 's record on malnutrition still on par with sub-saharan africa .  nearly half of india 's children suffer from malnutrition of some sor .
 more arrests made in stoning death of pregnant pakistani woman <sec> farzana parveen , 25 , was fatally beaten with bricks .  she was killed after she married a man against her family 's wishes .  her father , ex-husband and brothers are among the latest arrest .
 soldado hat-trick earns spurs maximum points in europa league <sec> spurs and salzburg finish with 100 % records as europa league group matches conclude .  dutch side psv miss out on last 32 after 1-0 loss to ukraine 's chornomorets odesa .  dynamo kiev seal second spot in group g with 3-1 against rapid vienna .  draw for knockout stages takes place on monday december 1 .
 deputy , a 'good man , ' killed in utah trying to aid a 'disabled ' car <sec> sgt . .  cory wride pulled off the road to aid what he thought was a disabled vehicle .  the man in the car shot him dead and fled , a sheriff says .  another deputy who pursued him was wounded in the chase .  officers cornered the suspect , who was arrested after wounding another office .
 social media snags 4 u.s. residents allegedly supporting taliban <sec> one defendant served in u.s. air force at davis-monthan base in arizona .  the four defendants come from 'variety ' of ethnic backgrounds , fbi says .  three of the men had openly posted jihad content to facebook .  one man was already in afghanistan making arrangements for the other .
 hot summer trend : self-help tv shows <sec> summer time has become destination tv for self-help reality shows .  `` losing it with jillian michaels '' and `` you 're cut off '' debut this summer .  tv blogger says self-help shows lend themselves to summer viewing .  life coach says summer is a season that `` offers possibilities .
 scotland votes for union at golf 's ancient club <sec> royal & ancient golf club votes in favor of admitting female members .  the scottish club abandons its 260-year men-only membership policy .  augusta national welcomed female members for the first time in 2012 .  some famous courses including muirfield , host of the 2013 british open , remain single-gender club .
 oldest club sheffield fc turns 150 <sec> fifa president sepp blatter among guests marking sheffield fc 's 150 years .  english side sheffield fc recognized as the oldest football club in the world .  club is one of two to win fifa 's order of merit -- the other is real madri .
 girls beat boys at school , so why the glass ceiling ? <sec> nina dos santos was a host at the global summit of women , where she met business and political leaders .  she says countries are starting to discover how valuable able and ambitious women are in the workforce .  yet still women face a myriad of issues including a lack of childcare and dearth of role models in senior roles .  those in developing countries face far different issues to those in developed nation .
