 obama administration , congress brace for new political reality <sec> next week brings the first split congress since 2004 .  obama advisers say the president will do what 's best for the country .  republican sen. coburn : catastrophe looms unless the federal deficit gets reduce .
 costume festivals for grown-ups <sec> the scarborough faire renaissance festival attracts nearly 250,000 period fans . .  the festival has it 's fair share of couple who wed dressed as robin hood and maid marian . .  frozen dead guy days in nederland , colorado is dedicated to the frozen corpse of its oldest resident . .  attendees participate in coffin races and hearse parades .
 5 best-selling authors ' favorite beach reads <sec> best-selling authors name their favorite beach reads , from `` jaws '' to `` flowers in the attic '' .  `` frog music '' author emma donoghue will be reading books by pulitzer winners .  last summer , jojo moyes read the `` game of thrones '' series .  the best summer reading of all ? .  `` the back of a beer bottle , '' joshua ferris say .
 5 things we learned at sxsw interactive <sec> the south by southwest interactive festival just wrapped in austin , texas .  sxswi director : `` the ( social ) revolution has plateaued a little bit '' .  wearable tech was a standing-room-only event at sxsw 's startup accelerator .  people from a record 74 countries attended sxsw this week , up from 55 last yea .
 syria 's children : another year of horror <sec> since 2011 , more than 1 million syrian children have become refugees , the unhcr says .  as many as 100,000 people have been killed in the conflict , leaving many children orphaned .  cnn 's reporters have been filing harrowing reports on the impact of the war on syria 's children .  video reports show them under fire in syria , struggling to cope in refugee camps outsid .
 saudi minister : opec nations has capacity to produce surplus oil <sec> 87 countries sign a charter to limit price fluctuations .  oil prices jumped 6 % on tuesday .  libya produces 1.6 million barrels of crude per day .  saudi arabia 's daily production is 8.4 million barrel .
 jailed husband of self-professed serial killer : 'i still love her ' <sec> elytte barbour talks exclusively to cnn from a pennsylvania prison .  he and his wife , miranda , are accused of killing a man they met via craigslist .  miranda has since told a reporter she killed at least 22 people since turning 13 .  asked about details of what his wife told him , elytte barbour says `` it was about 50/50 .
 judge says polanski must return for sentencing <sec> director pleaded guilty to sex with teen in 1977 but left country before sentencing .  he was arrested in september on u.s. fugitive warrant .  judge says he must return to u.s. before court decides whether he will go to priso .
 teen girl fatally hit by amtrak train <sec> 14-year-old struck by train headed from new york to washington .  all trains halted throughout area during investigation .  one track was reopened at 10:45 a.m .
 nick symmonds : russian law sparks 'defining civil rights movement ' <sec> u.s. runner nick symmonds slams russia 's controversial anti-gay propaganda law .  he says the law has sparked `` the defining civil rights movement of our time '' .  his comments come after yelena isinbayeva appeared to defend the la .
 indian trooper shoots dead six colleagues , flees <sec> trooper shot one junior commissioned officer in a fit of rage , spokesman said .  he then turned his gun on five other troopers who arrived on the scene .  trooper part of assam rifles , stationed in manipur on india-myanmar borde .
 was the chokehold on eric garner necessary ? <sec> eric garner died after being put in chokehold by a new york police officer .  a grand jury decided not to indict the officer in garner 's death .  chokeholds are prohibited by n.y. police , but not under n.y. law .  experts say police officers sometimes have to use force to arrest suspect .
 'massacre ' in homs leaves 45 women , children dead , syrian activists say <sec> new : at least 45 women and children are stabbed , then burned , activists say .  new : the killings occur hours after u.n. special envoy kofi annan departs the country .  annan met with syrian president , proposed cease-fire , release detainees , aid delivery .  opposition groups report random shelling , machine gunfir .
 no suspects in california girl 's stabbing death , officials say <sec> leila fowler 's brother found the child with `` severe injuries '' in her home saturday .  her parents were `` nearby at a public event '' at the time , official says .  her brother `` is not a suspect at this time , '' a sheriff 's spokesman say .
 7 secret caribbean islands <sec> head to a lesser-known island for some peace and quiet in the caribbean .  cayo espanto is a luxury resort island just off the coast of belize .  guana island 's single private resort maintains some 12 miles of walking trail .
 gop slams stimulus plan with list of 100 worst projects <sec> mccain says the report highlights `` waste and mismanagement '' .  a new report by two republican senators criticizes stimulus projects .  the report says the cited projects fail to deliver what the recovery act promised .  the white house responds that the bill is working as planne .
 button : u.s. return is important for f1 <sec> jenson button is looking forward to the first f1 grand prix in the united states since 2007 .  former world champion tells cnn the race is important for f1 's future development .  button says he has good relationship with departing teammate lewis hamilton .  hamilton criticized his fellow englishman on twitter earlier this yea .
 5 gop candidates agree to univision boycott over ethics allegation - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a congressman says he heard about the situation from rubio as it occurred .  univision denies allegations it used a story as leverage for an interview .  hispanic gop leaders asked for a debate boycott over the matter .  the allegations involve republican sen. marco rubio and his brother-in-la .
 how this could be the last gaza war <sec> khaled elgindy : any gaza truce wo n't last without a more farsighted approach .  elgindy : reality is hamas is here to stay , and grievances of both sides must be addressed .  conflict makes hamas politically stronger , while palestinian authority is weak , he says .  elgindy : the two must be reconciled , cooperate and be included in peace proces .
 reports of military sex assault up sharply <sec> the latest annual figures compiled by the pentagon show a 50 percent increase in reports .  the pentagon says the surge indicates more people willing to come forward .  new : there were 5,061 sex assault reports for the 2013 fiscal year .  new : defense secretary chuck hagel said the best way to combat sex assault `` is to prevent it . .
 gop house 's inaction on vawa shows bigotry <sec> ilyse hogue : the house gop killing vawa is betrayal of women 's right to safety .  she says it extends critical protections for lgbt people , immigrants , native american .  she says house gop scoring political points off pain of those reviled by extreme gop base .  hogue : we decry rape , abuse in other lands , and these distract us from abuses in our ow .
 mohammed tops list of english baby names <sec> new : muslims name their sons mohammed to honor the founder of the religion , an imam says .  new : the muslim population of europe is rising quickly .  oliver comes in second among english baby names , followed by jack and thomas .  the united kingdom is about 4.6 percent musli .
 report : extremist groups decreasing in number in u.s . <sec> there were 939 hate groups in 2013 , southern poverty law center says .  that represents a 7 % decline from 2012 .  trend among ku klux klan is leaving the interne .
 popping the question , posting a video <sec> videos of marriage proposals have gone viral on youtube and vimeo .  the `` movie trailer proposal for matt and ginny '' had over 10 million views in under 2 weeks .  these videos are popular because they give viewers hope and make them feel optimisti .
 dominican police : women were paid to lie about sen. robert menendez <sec> new : a spokeswoman for sen. robert menendez urges u.s. authorities to investigate .  menendez has long denied a report that accused him of partying with prostitutes .  police in the dominican republic say the women were paid by a lawyer .  two of the women received a bit more than $ 400 ; the third woman was paid close to $ 30 .
 opinion : protect rights of immigrant whistle-blowers <sec> saket soni : authorities seized some 7-eleven stores , saying immigrants exploited .  he says immigrants vulnerable to abuse from employers and whistle-blowers risk punishment .  he says any immigration reform should provide protections for guest-worker whistle-blowers .  soni : equal rights for immigrant workers means strong economy for all worker .
 opinion : gop using benghazi to smear <sec> donna brazile : benghazi hearings aimed at hurting clinton prospects for 2016 .  she says hearings cooked up by boehner . .  gop says not aimed at clinton , but statements belie this .  she says dems excluded from much of probe , including calling witnesses who could shed light .  brazile : facts , truth matter , but hearings aimed at fundraising for 2016 race against clinto .
 sex-tourism operation nets three , justice department says <sec> operation twisted traveler is crackdown on u.s. sex tourism in cambodia .  three men being returned to united states , charged under protect act .  suspects convicted of previous sexual offenses in u.s. , agency says .  they face sentences of 30 years for each alleged victi .
 power restored in brazil after blackouts <sec> electricity returns to central and southern brazil after power from major hydroelectric dam was lost .  neighboring paraguay , uruguay report related blackouts .  hydroelectric dam provides over 20 percent of brazil 's energ .
 using political satire to spice up chicken sales <sec> restaurant chain nando 's is famous for testing boundaries with its advertising .  its campaigns deal with politics , race and gender stereotypes in an amusing way .  'last standing dictator ' ad was taken off air after staff in zimbabwe received threat .
 steve jobs , apple founder , dies <sec> jobs had battled cancer for years .  jobs founded apple when he was 21 .  he developed the concept of the personal computer and mouse .  he oversaw the launch of the ipod , iphone , and ipa .
 mongol derby : 'like the tour de france crossed with snakes and ladders ' <sec> briton lara prior-palmer , 19 , is youngest winner of mongol derby .  race recognized by the guinness book of records as the world 's lengthiest .  race takes inspiration from the mongol empire 's pioneering postal service .  `` this is no guided tour , or pony trek , '' says race websit .
 google launches new space race to the moon <sec> google lunar x prize goes to the first team that can land a rover on the moon by 2012 .  rover must travel on the lunar surface for at least 500 meters , send back images .  there are 13 teams officially competing in the race ; number is expected to grow .  the mission will probably cost much more than the $ 20 million first priz .
 cnn student news learning activity : american political parties <sec> students will learn about political parties in the united state .
 biography : ross lovegrove <sec> industrial designer ross lovegrove is known for his organic , flowing forms .  his designs range from pens to solar lights to airline interiors .  lovegrove 's work is held in design museums including new york 's mom .
 memorable moments in grand central 's 100 years <sec> terminal 's opening turned new york into a world renowned transport icon .  nazi sabotage event in 1944 foiled by the fbi .  today , terminal is as much a tourist destination as a transport hub .  per square foot , it 's the most commercially successful shopping center in u.s .
 occupy wall street 's next move <sec> despite crackdowns , the occupy movement is just getting started , says sally kohn .  look for the movement to shift away from the `` occupy '' tactic , kohn predicts .  kohn : watch for leaders to emerge , despite the movement being `` leaderless '' .  the movement 's violent fringes will probably soon be sidelined , says koh .
 the right way to honor ronald reagan <sec> the 100th anniversary of ronald reagan 's birth is february 6 , 2011 .  david frum says washington has honored him inappropriately , with a building , an airport .  he says the real monument to reagan would be a museum honoring victims of communism .  reagan 's great cause was to fight against communist regimes , frum say .
 commentary : is obama 's honeymoon over ? <sec> julian zelizer : june has been a difficult month for president obama .  he says divisions have grown among democrats on gay rights , health care .  zelizer says growing concern about deficit could blunt obama 's plans .  he says a new dip in the economy would be blamed on obama , not bus .
 chile 's 9/11 : survivors recall horrors of pinochet coup , 40 years on <sec> september 11 , 1973 was date salvador allende 's government overthrown in coup .  many thousands were detained and tortured by augusto pinochet 's regime .  after the coup , free market economic policies were pursued with vigor .  activists who were tortured by the regime are now demanding justic .
 former cape verde president wins $ 5 million award <sec> mo ibrahim prize winners receive $ 5 million and $ 200,000 a year for life .  committee : pedro verona pires reformed cape verde 's government and economy .  pires is the first winner in three year .
 moon hole might be suitable for colony <sec> scientists find deep hole on moon that could be suitable for colony .  discovery of `` lava tube '' is published in journal of american geophysical union .  lava tubes have been found before , but this one is protected by `` lava sheet '' .  report says that shield protects hole from meteorites and harsh temperature .
 wimbledon : andy murray defends new coach amelie mauresmo <sec> andy murray defends new coach amelie mauresmo from comments made by virginia wade .  the 1976 ladies ' champion said she thought mauresmo 's appointment was `` a joke '' .  murray kicks off the defense of his wimbledon title against david goffin monda .
 suburban 'tsunami ' kills 98 in jakarta <sec> at least 98 dead , many more missing , from flash floods in jakarta .  flood began after heavy rains caused waters to smash through a dam .  survivors say rumbling of waters sounded like an earthquake .  rescuers are having difficulties reaching people because of mu .
 arkansas doctor convicted in bomb attack on medical board head <sec> randeep mann faces up to life in prison at his sentencing .  the february 2009 bombing nearly killed dr. trent pierce .  mann was facing disciplinary action before the state medical boar .
 syria 'amnesty ' offer unclear <sec> new : a state-run news agency suggests it is not a pardon but decreases punishments .  the amnesty applies to `` various political movements , '' syria says .  it applies to all crimes committed before tuesday , state tv says .  syria has called the protesters `` terrorists .
 the mythical 'war on men ' <sec> suzanne venker 's opinion article on a supposed `` war on men '' ruffled feathers this week .  sociologist michael kimmel counters that efforts at social equality are not a war on men .  men are accustomed to social dominance , kimmel says , but society is evolving for the better .  a sense of entitlement may lead some men to sulk when women succeed , he say .
 red card ! scottish referees go on strike <sec> scotland 's top referees vote to go on strike after their integrity is questioned by clubs .  officials have come in for sustained criticism from top flight clubs in recent weeks .  sfa president george peat called it a `` sad day for scottish football '' .  celtic last week called for the resignation of referee dougie mcdonal .
 houston , we have a solution : turning 'car city ' into green city <sec> ambitious plans to make houston a more sustainable city .  laura spanjian is the director of sustainability for houston .  she tells cnn she wants to create city that is `` more liveable , walkable and bikeable .
 hillary clinton carefully eases back into campaigning <sec> hillary clinton endorsed tom wolf in the pennsylvania governor 's race .  clinton has shied away from the campaign trail in recent months .  she lauded wolf 's focus on education and wome .
 vernon baker , extraordinary hero and victim of racism , dies <sec> baker , who received the medal of honor more than 50 years after his heroic acts , dies at 90 .  he took out several machine gun nests firing on his unit in italy .  the u.s. government admitted racism was a factor in medal of honor decisions .  `` i just feel i was a soldier and i did my job , '' baker said after the 1997 ceremon .
 venezuela 's chavez dismisses reports of poor recovery <sec> `` this is like a soap opera , '' chavez says .  chavez appears before reporters , saying he is fine .  he says he spoke with iranian president about freeing 2 u.s. hikers .  a newspaper reports hugo chavez was hospitalized for failing kidney .
 barcelona agree transfer of arsenal midfielder alex song <sec> barcelona announce that a fee has been agreed with arsenal .  midfielder is due in spain for a medical on monday .  the cameroon international will move for $ 23.5m .  song follows robin van persie out of arsena .
 police : teen killed near ferguson was armed <sec> new : berkeley police arrest 6-8 protestors for blocking highway .  police help a small group of protesters cross intersections , reporter says .  antonio martin already faced charges alleging assault , armed robbery and more .  authorities : berkeley shooting is not comparable to ferguso .
 maria sharapova has a new man in her life <sec> maria sharapova names sven groeneveld as her new tennis coach .  sharapova has been without a coach since a brief spell with jimmy connors .  groeneveld has worked with the likes of ana ivanovic , caroline wozniacki and andy murray .  sharapova has n't played since august because of a recurring shoulder injur .
 the best cosby sweater of all ? <sec> comedian bill cosby asks fans to vote for their favorite cosby sweaters on his website .  the funnyman , 75 , is known for wearing unique sweaters in the popular 1980s sitcom . .  sweaters vying to be `` the champion stitch .
 rocker hanneman 's death puts attention on spider-bite effects <sec> slayer 's website says jeff hanneman 's liver-failure death was linked to a spider bite .  website says he `` contracted necrotizing fasciitis ... likely caused by a spider bite '' .  a doctor tells cnn bites do n't lead to organ failure but infected bites can cause problems .  hanneman was among founders of heavy metal band slayer in 198 .
 glock 's f1 future in doubt after leaving marussia <sec> timo glock and marussia have parted company by mutual consent .  financial reasons behind the decision to split .  rookie max chilton left as marussia 's only driver .  sebastien buemi and vitaly petrov both potential replacements for gloc .
 film shows how newspaper family 'invented ' los angeles <sec> `` inventing l.a. : the chandlers and their times '' premieres monday on pbs .  historian : chandlers not only dominated los angeles , they invented it .  los angeles grew from small desert town to nation 's second-largest city .  the chandler family newspaper dynasty ended in 198 .
 when a coup is not called a coup <sec> the overthrow of egypt 's morsy meets most definitions of a coup .  but the events in egypt are not universally being called a coup .  calling it such may lead to a halt of aid to egyp .
 world cup : netherlands thump spain in salvador <sec> netherlands wins 5-1 against world champion spain .  robin van persie and arjen robben both score twice .  chile beats australia in friday 's other group b game .  mexico defeats cameroon 1-0 in natal in group .
 rising death toll from iraq bombings makes it deadliest day this year <sec> new : the attacks are reminiscent of high-profile strikes last decade .  new : most of the victims in the latest wave of attacks are shiite pilgrims .  the attacks were aimed at shiite pilgrims trekking and driving to a shrine in baghdad .  the shrine to al-kadhim in baghdad is one of shiite islam 's holiest site .
 panama 's ex-ruler noriega returns home after 22 years <sec> manuel noriega arrives at el renacer prison in gamboa .  his attorney says the former dictator deserves fair representation .  noriega was convicted in absentia for crimes committed during his rule .  because of his age , he may ask to serve time under house arres .
 opinion : what obama discovered about syria , iraq <sec> president obama is asking congress for $ 500 million to aid syrian opposition .  frida ghitis : obama realized he can not ignore the twin disasters in syria and iraq .  she says the brutal isis has swept across the syrian border into iraq , creating havoc .  ghitis : the violence opens the possibility that radical extremists will spread in the regio .
