 world champion lewis hamilton wins australian gp <sec> lewis hamilton wins opening race of 2015 f1 season in australia .  mercedes 1-2 with nico rosberg in second place .  world champion hamilton had started from pole position .  sebastian vettel claims final podium place for ferrar .
 google knows which of your photos are best <sec> google introduced 41 new features wednesday to google+ , its social network .  photo-editing feature can narrow image galleries to what it determines are the best shots .  google is rolling out an app version of hangouts combining text , photos , live vide .
 sotomayor 's inaugural moment on hectic day <sec> first latina justice , sonia sotomayor , swears in vice president joe biden .  no requirement supreme court deliver presidential oath , it just happens that way .  no supreme court when george washington sworn in as president in 178 .
 ted cruz wins values voter straw poll , again <sec> at the annual values voter summit , ted cruz won the straw poll .  the results were similar to a year ago .  cruz got the most votes , followed by dr. ben carso .
 lax shooting delays flights nationwide <sec> hundreds of flights were affected by the shooting at lax .  lax 's terminal 3 remains closed to travelers .  passengers are urged to check with their airlines for gate informatio .
 in mixup , toddler served alcohol at applebee 's restaurant , police say <sec> child was saying `` hi '' and `` bye '' to the walls , mother says .  alcohol was in a mislabled container .  police deem the incident an accident .  applebee 's says `` any situation like this is unacceptable .
 nasa photos show giant 'cosmic hand ' <sec> image taken by nasa 's space-based chandra observatory telescope .  formation is 150 light years across , 1,700 years old .  photo shows what appears to be ghostly blue fingers reaching across galax .
 barcelona retain la liga title in style <sec> barcelona crush valladolid 4-0 to retain their spanish primera liga title .  lionel messi scores 33rd and 34th goals of the season as barca finish on 99 points .  real madrid finish three points behind in second place after a 1-1 draw at malag .
 belgian grenade attack casts somber shadow <sec> residents of liege say they are shocked by the attack and fear for their children 's safety .  the motivation of attacker nourdine amrani , 33 , is not known , police say .  neighbors say they saw little of the suspect , who lived in liege .  amrani , previously convicted of arms offenses , was known to a local gun store owne .
 super-mayor cory booker gets memed <sec> the story of newark mayor cory booker saving a woman has taken a life of its own .  booker commonly uses twitter to help newark residents who are in need .  the hashtag # corybookerstories has been trending in the united state .
 former mexican president urges legalizing drugs <sec> vicente fox says the current narcotics fight is n't working .  the ex-leader also calls for withdrawing mexico 's army from fighting gangs .  the united states must take some responsibility too , he say .
 so when 's that new ipad mini coming , anyway ? <sec> no release date for the second-generation ipad mini has been announced .  speculation has centered on november 22 .  the new mini has a faster processor and high-definition screen .  reports suggest manufacturing on the tablets has been slo .
 'devastation ' after mosque bombing in aleppo , activists say <sec> activists report 155 deaths in wednesday 's fighting .  nour al-shuhada mosque was struck during the third prayer time of the day .  lakhdar brahimi is scheduled to arrive in damascus after a stop in beirut .  he is pushing for a cease-fire in syria for the muslim holiday of eid al-adh .
 congress oks ethics investigators <sec> newly sworn-in house approved independent ethics board on thursday night .  office of congressional ethics was created in 2008 amid a wave of scandals .  it 's investigated 100 instances of possible misconduct by members of congres .
 female veterans report more sexual , mental trauma <sec> dept . .  of veterans affairs diagnosed 60,000 veterans with ptsd .  women have comprised 11 percent of military force in iraq and afghanistan .  va : 22 percent of women , 1 percent of men suffered sexual trauma in military .  expert says women afraid to report sexual harassment for fear of retributio .
 romney sweeps wisconsin , maryland , d.c. , cnn projects <sec> new : santorum says he 'll continue fight in home state , pennsylvania , on april 24 .  romney : `` we won a great victory tonight `` .  romney more than halfway to 1,144 delegates he needs for nomination , cnn estimate .
 haiti officials claim crisis stabilizing amid chaos <sec> st. nicholas hospital in haiti is packed with cholera victims .  aid organizations and local staff try to treat the most vulnerable .  a cdc doctor says mortality rates seem to be coming down .  haiti 's health minister says he believes the cholera outbreak is stabilizin .
 lady gaga 's manila concerts face protests <sec> new : commission on human rights says freedom of thought , expression , religion protected .  christian group 's leader expects two thousand protesters outside manila venue .  lady gaga 's filipino promoter is run by a born-again christian .  in indonesia , her promoter is still trying to secure a permi .
 peterhansel revels in the dunes to cut sainz 's lead <sec> stephane peterhansel wins the fifth stage of the dakar rally in his bmw .  peterhansel closes up on overall race leader carlos sainz .  portugal 's paulo goncalves takes motorbike section on a bm .
 why more women are choosing double mastectomies <sec> study : rate of women with early stage cancer choosing double mastectomies rose 150 % .  availability of genetic testing , better plastic surgery options may be behind the increase .  `` pink ribbon '' culture also may be spreading awareness about women 's survival option .
 `` wastebook '' 2014 : all that fits in pork barrel <sec> coburn : getting rid of the practice of pork barrel is next to impossible .  the nsf is a favorite target in the book .  congress ended this fiscal year with a debt under a trillion dollar .
 police : man bought pot candy , shot wife while she called 911 <sec> police affidavit : richard kirk bought marijuana candy hours before his wife was killed .  denver police chief robert white says he 's opened an internal review into the response .  for nearly 13 minutes , kristine kirk spoke to a 911 operator -- until a gunshot rang out .  after the gunshot , an affidavit says , `` screaming stopped , '' but she was `` never heard from again .
 'black dynamite ' gets animated treatment <sec> `` black dynamite '' film lampooned black exploitation films .  the movie has been made into an animated series on cartoon 's network adult swim .  some of the actors from the film voice characters in the serie .
 inside america 's iconic , unique ski lodge <sec> oregon 's timberline ski lodge , setting for `` the shining , '' showcases depression-era art .  jeff kohnstamm describes growing up among paintings , carvings , amazing architecture .  mount hood embraced snowboarding early ; shaun white , hannah teter train there .  u.s. built it for $ 1 million in 1930s ; it 's getting $ 4.25 million in '09 stimulus fund .
 cristiano ronaldo opens cr7 museum in portugal <sec> cristiano ronaldo opens a museum dedicated to his football career .  the portuguese is widely expected to win the 2013 fifa ballon d'or .  the real madrid star is on a shortlist with lionel messi and franck ribery .  the forward has already scored 33 goals for real this seaso .
 heatwave fears ahead of opening grand slam of season in melbourne <sec> high temperatures expected for australian open tennis championships .  temperatures set to reach 42 degrees celsius in melbourne .  tournament has an 'extreme heat ' policy .  men 's champion novak djokovic fell victim to conditions in 200 .
 malls debate how to protect shoppers from violence <sec> malls expected to assess security arrangements in wake of wednesday shooting .  gunman at omaha , nebraska , mall killed 8 people and himself .  some security experts say such incidents are impossible to anticipate .  study by police foundation says training drills for mall guards are inadequat .
 pilot training rules aimed at preventing disastrous stalls <sec> new rules for pilot training .  crash of plane in buffalo , new york , impetus for some changes .  recovering from stalls , wind gusts among prioritie .
 youtube student rap stars take on poetry <sec> ron clark academy students ' '08 youtube rap performance got millions of hits .  clark teaches `` global curriculum '' with heavy emphasis on current events .  `` i 'm teaching an eigthth-grade curriculum to fifth graders , '' says clark .  student : `` my knowledge of the world has improved . .  ... .  i 'm hungry for knowledge .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> bahrain has applied to list its traditional pearl diving beds as world heritage sites . .  mme explores the kingdom 's pearl traditions , once a major source of its income .  plus mme sits down with the moroccan minister of touris .
 george zimmerman 's wife has doubts about his innocence <sec> recent events have `` really helped me to take the blinders off , '' shellie zimmerman says .  she was referring to the couple 's struggles since the verdict .  but she says she does n't think the trayvon martin shooting was a case of racial profilin .
 morsy a victim of egypt 's revolution of the mind <sec> wedeman : president mubarak 's removal marked start of revolution yet to run its course .  uprising unleashed energy and a passion that shows no sign of diminishing .  for many president morsy failed to deliver on promises so he had to go .  journalist : egyptians now look at the state as their servant and not their maste .
 russia and ukraine bicker in u.n. meeting <sec> new : russia 's u.n. envoy says dialogue ca n't occur amid ukraine military action .  new : ukraine u.n. envoy says russia is still stoking flames of separatism .  new : pentagon acknowledges slow withdrawal of russian troops from border .  four missing monitors are held by pro-russian groups , ukraine foreign ministry say .
 hello fall , hello spring <sec> the september equinox began saturday .  users uploaded photos to ireport , using the cnn mobile apps .  the best shots were showcased as part of `` our mobile society '' initiativ .
 british wwii fighter found in egyptian desert <sec> oil company worker finds world war ii-era royal air force fighter in egypt 's sahara desert .  the well-preserved plane is believed to have been piloted by flight sgt . .  dennis copping .  the kittyhawk p-40 crashed on june 28 , 1942 .  british officials want to display the plane in the raf museum in londo .
 getting rid of census survey is wasteful <sec> ilyse hogue : it 's odd house gop voted to kill census bureau 's american community survey .  she says survey makes government more efficient , is a critical tool for businesses .  without it , she says , government will lack crucial information on where citizens are , their needs .  hogue : if it 's a tea party-driven yen to cut waste , it will do the opposite by misdirecting fund .
 al qaeda hostage , american warren weinstein , killed <sec> warren weinstein 's wife says the family is still searching for answers .  officials say weinstein and another al qaeda hostage were accidentally killed in a u.s. drone strike .  gunmen abducted the usaid contractor from his home in pakistan in 201 .
 author of pedophile book says florida arrest is entrapment <sec> new : phillip greaves defends his book to reporters .  new : he is booked into jail in florida .  new : greaves says he wrote the book to `` exorcise '' his childhood .  new : sheriff says greaves ' arrest was not entrapmen .
 pakistan : peshawar cinema known for porno movies hit by deadly blasts <sec> pakistan taliban spokesman denies group is behind the cinema bombing .  at least 12 people have died in the attack , a peshawar hospital representative says .  three hand grenades were detonated in and outside the shama cinema , police say .  the theater is infamous in the city for showing pornographic movie .
 how women defused population bomb <sec> fred pearce says there 's good news attached to the 7 billion population milestone .  he says woman are having far fewer children than their forebears ; global average is 2.5 .  he says small families new norm as old reasons for having more children are gone .  pearce : problem now is smaller population has upped its consumption , environmental damag .
 commentary : america 's $ 53 trillion debt problem <sec> david walker : the u.s. faces a debt much larger than the bailout amount .  walker : no one is going to bail out america , we have to do it ourselves .  u.s. needs panel to examine how to cut $ 53 trillion long-term debt , he says .  social security , health care and taxes need to be reformed , walker say .
 navy sub commander relieved of duty after collision <sec> superior officer cited a loss of confidence in removing the navy commander .  u.s. navy cmdr . .  ryan brookhart reassigned to administrative duty in bahrain .  fifteen sailors were slightly hurt in the incident ; two vessels damage .
 singer sean kingston , passenger injured in florida jet ski crash <sec> new : hip-hop singer trav says kingston `` just opened his eyes this morning '' .  sean kingston moved to icu .  his publicist says kingston has stabilized .  florida agency : kingston 's jet ski apparently crashed when it went under a bridg .
 ultimate ambition : olympic recognition <sec> 'ultimate ' is a largely recreational sport that is growing in popularity .  mark poole is one of the leading proponents of the amateur side of the game .  american believes that ultimate should become an olympic sport in future .  it involves two teams trying to pass a flying disc towards an end zon .
 court orders release of alleged coup plotters in zimbabwe <sec> the men were accused of planning a coup in 2007 .  the high court ordered them released .  they allegedly wanted to replace mugabe with the defense ministe .
 lawyers for catholic hospital argue that a fetus is not a person <sec> lori stodghill and her unborn twins died in the emergency room .  colorado courts agreed with the catholic organization 's defense that the embryos were n't people .  husband jeremy stodghill lost the suit but is appealing to colorado 's supreme court .  the hospital sued him for $ 118,000 in legal fee .
 historic cod fishing cuts threaten centuries-old industry in new england <sec> a council voted to slash cod catch rates by 77 % in area from cape cod to nova scotia .  the move is expected to decimate fishing communities and have domino effect .  `` we 're doomed , as they say , '' said massachusetts fisherman dennis robillard .  environmentalists say depleted cod stocks show the region needs time to recove .
 potential plea options rejected ; fort hood massacre trial set <sec> new : judge rejects options for plea offers from hasan 's lawyers .  the 2009 shooting that killed 13 people occurred at the post 's processing center .  new : prosecution expert witness discusses material apparently found on hasan 's laptop .  hasan appears in military court thinner , bearded , in wheelchai .
 abortion poses challenge for gop in 2016 - cnnpolitics.com <sec> at the march for life on thursday , thousands of pro-life activists pledged to end abortion .  the night before , house gop leadership decided to drop a bill banning abortion at 20 weeks of pregnancy .  the move reflects the challenge for the gop heading into 2016 , as it tries to expand its appea .
 aig 's insistence on bonuses raises ire in washington <sec> insurance firm 's vow to reduce , but not eliminate , some bonuses causes uproar .  treasury 's geithner said to be `` really upset '' and has `` berated '' company execs .  lawmaker : if bailed-out entities do n't like government limits , `` give the money back .
 in libya , militias 'running the show , ' analyst says <sec> sufi shrines and western entities have been targeted in libya .  militia groups are trying to maintain law and order .  the government uses militants `` as hired guns , '' emboldening them , an analyst say .
 10 things hong kong does better than anywhere else <sec> hong kong has 1,251 skyscrapers and high-rises , the most in the world .  movie mogul sir run run shaw is credited with putting hong kong 's martial arts movies on global screens .  hong kong has the lowest homicide rate of any major city in the worl .
 sandusky case drawing to a rapid close <sec> new : closing arguments could come thursday , judge says .  new : testimony ended early monday because of `` technical issues , '' judge says .  first defense witness says he never saw any inappropriate conduct .  sandusky may take the stand in his own defense , his lawyer has suggeste .
 katy perry 's super bowl halftime show is totally meme-worthy <sec> katy perry put on a typically glittery , bright halftime show .  there were memes of her outfit and mor .
 bioengineered bugs could lead to malaria vaccine <sec> sanaria inc. is developing a malaria vaccine that uses the whole parasite .  concept is akin to live virus vaccines , such as those for polio and measles .  the method had been tried in the 1970s but was n't feasible on mass scale .  the most advanced malaria vaccine , by glaxosmithkline , has been tested in afric .
 abolishing nuclear arms : it can be done <sec> ira helfand : abolishing nuclear weapons is not an unrealistic fantasy .  helfand : threat of nuclear war still real , still terrifying and did not go away with the cold war .  helfand : about 25,000 nuclear weapons in world ; 95 percent in u.s. and russia .  helfand : many important issues , but none as urgent as eliminating threat of nuclear wa .
 obama lines go straight into gop attack ads <sec> in kentucky , kansas and new hampshire , gop senate candidates are playing up the president 's quote . .  the quote comes from a speech obama gave in chicago on thursday . .  some democrats in red states have tried to distance themselves from obama .
 penalty drama as bayern munich claim uefa super cup <sec> bayern munich win uefa super cup on penalties .  romelu lukaku 's penalty saved by manuel neuer .  bayern equalized for second time with final kick of extra time .  chelsea down to 10 men after 86 minutes when ramires red carde .
 opinion : u.s. giving putin green light in ukraine ? <sec> gunmen seize key parts of eastern ukraine ; pro-russian forces create instability .  david frum : remark that military intervention wo n't work implies west will look away .  frum : russia threatens stability of europe ; nato observers need to monitor events .  he says sanctions must hurt russian investments ; ukraine 's weak military needs hel .
 u.s. transportation department shuts down 52 unsafe bus companies <sec> feds take 52 bus companies and 340 unsafe vehicles off the road in operation quick strike .  federal motor carrier safety administration investigates unsafe motor coach firms .  investigators conducted reviews of safety practices at 250 most at-risk motor coach companie .
 'toy stories ' shows kids with their favorite toys <sec> `` toy stories '' features kids from around the world with their favorite toys .  photographer gabriele galimberti visited more than 50 countries for the project .  the book will be released on march 25 by publisher abrams imag .
 flavor flav pleads guilty to domestic violence charges , avoids trial <sec> flavor flav avoids a trial on felony charges with misdemeanor plea .  the rapper was arrested after an argument at his las vegas home in october 2012 .  sentence includes domestic counseling with his girlfriend 's teen son .  he gained fame as public enemy 's hype man , but now makes reality tv show .
 4 dead after train hits truck during texas parade saluting u.s. troops <sec> new : chief warrant officer gary stouffer and sgt . .  maj. lawrence boivin died at the scene .  new : sgt . .  joshua michael and sgt . .  maj. william lubbers died at a hospital .  the last truck in the parade is hit by a train , a police spokesman say .
 `` you 're a coward ! '' widow yells to bulger after he wo n't take the stand <sec> widow of alleged victim shouts from gallery to bulger , `` you 're a coward ! '' .  `` he is going to take his secrets to the grave with him , '' her son says later .  `` this is a sham . .  do what ya 's want with me , '' bulger tells the judge .  he offers assets of nearly $ 822,000 to murder victims ' families if convicte .
