 41 sought in italian crime syndicate crackdown <sec> the suspects are wanted for crimes ranging from money laundering to murder .  they are located in italy , germany , canada and australia .  the operation follows a similar crackdown in july last yea .
 more heavy snow predicted for england as frigid weather blasts europe <sec> new : a uk forecaster predicts heavy snow will affect parts of england through monday .  heathrow airport is closed indefinitely .  240 flights are canceled in frankfurt , germany .  airports across europe are experiencing significant delay .
 tottenham frets over bale blow <sec> tottenham 's gareth bale suffered ankle injury in 2-2 draw with basel .  fernando torres scored twice as chelsea defeated rubin kazan 3-1 .  benfica came from behind to see off newcastle 3-1 in lisbon .  fenerbahce late show ensured 2-0 triumph over lazi .
 fallen soldiers remembered as devoted fathers , heroes <sec> stephan mace told his father he knew the taliban were near his base .  `` they knew they were there and they could n't do anything about it , '' father says .  staff sgt . .  vernon w. martin , 25 , loved spending time with his kids at chuck e. cheese .  mace , martin among 8 americans who died saturday in attack in eastern afghanista .
 chelsea stays top of epl after managerial spat <sec> chelsea stretches epl lead after beating arsenal at stamford bridge .  arsene wenger confronts jose mourinho on touchline .  real madrid hits five in bernabeu with hat-trick from cristiano ronaldo .  juventus edges roma 3-2 in serie a top of the table clas .
 pope 's ex-butler on trial for theft over vatican leaks <sec> new : paolo gabriele did not enter a plea saturday to an aggravated theft charge .  new : investigators seized 82 boxes of evidence and a gold nugget from two apartments .  the scandal , with its claims of corruption , has rocked the catholic church hierarchy .  vatican computer technician claudio sciarpelletti is accused of aiding gabriel .
 weidmann warns of currency war risk <sec> germany 's bundesbank pres . .  warns of erosion to global central bank independence .  jens weidman says loss of autonomy could lead countries to devalue currencies .  weidman : 'already possible to observe alarming infringements in hungary , japan .
 8 days after haiti quake : more survivors , 5.9 aftershock <sec> u.s. military plans to send 4,000 additional u.s. service members to haiti .  aftershock rattles haitians ; it 's strongest one since last week 's quake .  death toll estimates range from 75,000 to 200,000 .  u.s. hospital ship arrives , takes first patient .
 israeli security allowed to seek check of tourists ' e-mail <sec> israeli attorney general says travelers ' e-mail can be searched in exceptional cases .  `` no one is forced to open their accounts to anyone they do n't want to , '' official says .  israeli attorney general 's office says it 's fighting threat of using foreign citizens for terrorism .  the practice violates privacy rights , attorney for civil rights group say .
 california swimmer bitten by great white shark <sec> a great white shark bites a swimmer in waters off manhattan beach , california .  the 7-foot shark was struggling at the end of a fishing line .  the victim was bit in the torso , but managed to make it to shor .
 saudis tighten grip on yemen ; casualties rise <sec> saudi minister : `` if war 's drums are beaten , we are ready for them '' .  u.n. official : at least 182 killed in the past week , including civilian .
 mexico shootouts leave 4 dead , 3 wounded <sec> two shootouts in two cities near u.s. border in mexican state of nuevo leon .  san nicolas de los garza and escobedo are cities .  shootouts leave 4 dead , 3 wounde .
 migrants aiming for the u.s. face dangers traversing mexico <sec> central americans traveling through mexico toward the united states are often targeted .  belkis nunez considers herself lucky to be alive after armed robbers attack her group .  dozens of migrants are missing or dead from two other attack .
 teacher accused of burning cross on student 's arm <sec> ohio teacher accused of branding cross on student 's arm , teaching creationism .  john freshwater was reprimanded for refusing to move his bible from his desk .  school board passed resolution to terminate freshwater 's employmen .
 judge rejects twitter cyberstalking case <sec> alyce zeoli , a buddhist leader , pressed interstate stalking charges against william cassidy .  cassidy published more than 8,000 tweets about zeoli often wishing death upon her .  the judge dismissed cassidy 's indictment because it violated the first amendment .  judge says the amendment protects free speech and did n't constitute a 'true threat .
 no deaths reported after powerful quake strikes new zealand <sec> new : prime minister says government will not abandon christchurch .  two people are being treated for serious injuries .  a 7.0-magnitude earthquake hit the east coast of the south island early saturday .  roads and buildings were damage .
 vatican choir singer involved in gay liaisons scandal <sec> nigerian who sang in a vatican choir purportedly arranged gay liaisons for a government official .  the italian official served in the unpaid role as papal usher .  wiretaps gathered as part of an investigation into how public-works contracts awarded .  officials allegedly awarded contracts to businessmen who offered them favor .
 air france wreckage arrives in france <sec> debris from air france 447 , which crashed last month , has arrived in france .  plane went down off brazil on june 1 , killing all 228 aboard .  french oceanographic ship will conduct new searches for data recorder .
 12 more die in sectarian violence in myanmar <sec> the world food programme estimbates 90,000 people are displaced and need help .  the attack that appears to have set off the unrest involved the rape and killing of a woman .  two muslim men receive the death penalty ; a third already hanged himself in jail .  amnesty international calls for an independent investigation into the violenc .
 study : genital mutilation risk higher in england , wales <sec> the number of people at risk is more than twice as high as previously thought , report says .  a children 's charity says it refers nearly one case a day to police or children 's services .  english prosecutors launched their first genital mutilation case this year .  unicef estimates that 125 million girls and women around the world have been mutilate .
 comic suspense : archie andrews pops question <sec> comic book character archie andrews finally chooses between betty and veronica .  the fictional marriage marks the comic book 's milestone 600th issue .  is archie in over his head ? .  fans must wait until august to find ou .
 a cpac history lesson : how rand paul is like reagan - cnnpolitics.com <sec> could president obama 's legacy include fixing ferguson ? .  rand paul , jeb bush and hillary clinton compete for silicon valley cash .  will 2016 be the year of the super pac election .
 james webb space telescope : son of hubble to peer back in time <sec> hubble has helped make major discoveries but there are limits to how far it can see into space .  the james webb space telescope will work in the infra-red and be able to see objects that formed 13 billion years ago .  scientists also believe the new telescope will be able to detect planets around nearby star .
 cnn mourns loss of photojournalist sarmad qaseera <sec> sarmad qaseera died suddenly monday at age 42 .  an iraq native , he was a longtime member of cnn 's baghdad bureau .  he fled the country in 2006 after getting death threats .  he was just weeks away from american citizenshi .
 obama : europe threatened by `` russia 's aggression '' <sec> `` we will defend our nato allies , '' president barack obama says .  peaceful europe `` threatened by russia 's aggression against ukraine , '' obama says .  militant islamists ' gains in iraq and syria also cause for concern for nato members .  summit originally scheduled to address afghanistan 's future when troops leav .
 intercepted device likely a cell phone , photo analysis shows <sec> new : source : devices in packages appear to be designed to be detonated by a cell phone .  the electronic device was found in a suspicious package bound for the u.s. from yemen .  the size and shape of the device are typical to a cell phone , expert says .  cell phones have been widely used by terrorist groups to trigger bomb .
 demand for gun permits spikes in newtown after massacre <sec> people seeking permits for guns in newtown spiked after the massacre there .  nationwide , gun sales have increased for the past three years .  some are buying now , fearing tougher gun laws in the futur .
 the secrets of doing business in india <sec> india is projected to become one of the world 's biggest economies in coming decades .  experts say its business practices are very different from the west .  to succeed in india , products need to be specifically tailored to the local consumer .  plenty of time needs to be factored in for bureaucratic delay .
 hawks general manager danny ferry accused of racism <sec> hawks gm danny ferry allegedly described luol deng as a `` two-faced liar and cheat '' .  `` he has a little african in him , '' ferry said , according to a letter from a team owner .  deng says he 's disappointed and disturbed by the comments but proud of his heritage .  ferry says he was repeating comments from other sources that do n't reflect his view .
 mario balotelli : happy to have left england <sec> mario balotelli says he 's happy to have left england .  italy international insists he 's just a `` normal guy '' despite wild stories .  confesses to his love of women and fast cars .  admits some people have a negative view of hi .
 man arrested in rough shape after alleged sexual assault <sec> william mattson is charged with criminal sexual conduct in conway , south carolina .  police : someone acting in defense of the alleged victim injured him before officers arrive .
 why we should study confederate history <sec> s. waite rawls : understanding the confederacy key to knowing how the u.s. has evolved .  today 's confederate studies cover slavery and many other questions , he says .  millions want to learn more about the confederacy , he say .
 older retirement age benefits workers <sec> alicia munnell : `` lump of labor '' theory says older workers must retire to make way for young .  but economy creates jobs for young workers without older ones retiring early , she writes .  munnell says the huge increase in women working shows economy absorbs new workers .  people are living longer , she says , and retiring later increases well-being and financial benefit .
 plans to restore crumbling colosseum cause rumblings in rome <sec> plans to restore ancient roman colosseum meet with anger from italian restorers association .  restorers allege privately-funded plans will use non-specialist builders to clean and restore amphitheater .  colosseum director refutes claim , says restoration project is hiring architectural restorers , `` not just workmen . '' .  monument in need of funds and protection measures including cessation of car traffic around i .
 debra milke , who spent 22 years on death row , has murder case tossed <sec> debra milke was convicted of murder in her son 's death , given the death penalty .  there was no evidence tying her to the crime , but a detective said she confessed .  this detective had a `` history of misconduct , '' including lying under oat .
 kim 's death brings fears of north korea hot potato <sec> scott snyder says kim jong il 's death introduces uncertainty , anxiety in region .  he says succession differs from kim jong il 's in 1994 ; it 's unclear how it will unfold today .  he says a vacuum at the top could lead to infighting for political control .  snyder : neighbors , rest of world fear instability , desperation may fuel nuclear proliferatio .
 chicago judge 's record rates highly among progressives , colleagues <sec> diane wood has a long , relatively liberal judicial record .  wood has sat on the 7th circuit u.s. court of appeals in chicago since 1995 .  rulings on abortion , church-state disputes could result in tough confirmation battle .  she speaks french , german , and some russian ; plays the oboe and french hor .
 lars von trier denies woman-hating in controversial film <sec> pornographic sex and visceral violence in `` antichrist '' shocked early audiences .  von trier was accused of misogyny but claims to identify with the female character .  `` antichrist '' stars charlotte gainsbourg and willem dafoe as a bereaved couple .  von trier 's `` the idiots '' ( 1998 ) was first mainstream film to show non-simulated se .
 forbes drops drug lord joaquin 'el chapo ' guzman from billionaires list <sec> forbes had previously put joaquin `` el chapo '' guzman 's fortune at $ 1 billion .  he is the boss of the sinaloa cartel , one of mexico 's most powerful trafficking operations .  guzman is one of 68 billionaires reported dropped from the list this yea .
 dustin johnson to take break to address 'challenges ' <sec> dustin johnson announces he will take break from golf .  johnson will miss the u.s. pga and ryder cup tournaments .  world no . .  16 says he needs he will seek `` professional help '' to improve `` mental health .
 serena williams fighting fit after wimbledon scare <sec> serena williams returns to action after being hit by illness at wimbledon .  the 17-time grand slam champion had to retire from doubles match .  she says she is back to full health and was surprised by the commotion .  williams to face the czech republic 's karolina pliskova on wednesda .
 'mysterious and magical ' : lupita nyong'o on the power of performance <sec> lupita nyong'o has become one of hollywood 's hottest `` it '' girls .  her performance in `` 12 years a slave '' has earned her several awards and nominations .  the film has been hailed as one of the best movies of the year .  `` i 'm just happy and filled with gratitude , '' says nyong ' .
 from overweight smoker to marathon contender <sec> michael shelley wins first athletics gold of commonwealth games .  former 20-per-day smoker steve way , 40 , finishes 10th .  way only took up running seven years ago .  erraid davies , 13 , stars in swimming poo .
 famed ucla guard , coach walt hazzard dies at 69 <sec> hazzard starred from high school to the nba .  he helped the u.s. win a gold in the olympics .  hazzard came back to ucla to coach .  he played with the lakers and other nba team .
 paris attackers coulibaly and kouachi shared a mentor <sec> the man who was once al qaeda 's top european recruiter was a mentor to coulibaly and kouachi .  court documents reveal details about the relationships between the attacker .
 $ 611,000 fine as tripadvisor gets bad review in italy <sec> italian antitrust body levies $ 611,000 fine against tripadvisor italy .  italian competition authority says website misleads readers into thinking all reviews are genuine .  tripadvisor says it will appeal and insists the ica 's rules are out of touc .
 wozniacki dumped out of french open by hantuchova ; stosur humbled <sec> caroline wozniacki beaten at the french open by daniela hantuchova .  world number one loses 6-1 6-3 in just 73 minutes at roland garros .  australian 8th seed samantha stosur dumped out by gisela dulko .  defending champion francesca schiavone through as shuai peng retires hur .
 'true blood ' casts christopher meloni as a vampire <sec> christopher meloni will join hbo 's `` true blood '' in season 5 .  he will play an `` ancient , powerful vampire who holds the fate of bill and eric in his hands '' .  the actor previously played chris keller on the pay cabler 's gritty drama `` oz .
 9 haunted spots across america <sec> a hollywood hotel makes no promises that you 'll spot marilyn monroe .  there are reports of st. augustine 's lighthouse attracting `` visitors '' to its site .  the extraterrestrial mothman made west virginia 's point pleasant famou .
 review : 'benjamin button ' amazes , moves <sec> `` the curious case of benjamin button '' about a man who ages backwards .  movie occasionally slow , but more often resonant and wonderful .  star brad pitt , director david fincher do great jobs , says cnn.com 's reviewe .
 can obama handle isis ? ( opinion ) <sec> newt gingrich : at least 500 young brits have gone to the middle east as jihadists .  gingrich : it 's troubling that a vicious , radical group can recruit so many young men .  he asks whether president obama understands how serious a threat isis presents .  gingrich : isis may produce even more terrorists who want to destroy the wes .
 nigerian commission sets presidential primary and election dates <sec> primaries will be held from november 26 through january 15 .  the presidential election will be april 9 .  former vice president atiku abubakar will challenge president goodluck jonatha .
 syrian security forces fire on protesters as monitors arrive , group says <sec> new : fouad ajami tells cnn the impasse will devolve into a long civil war .  local activists say more than 130 have been killed since arab league monitors arrived .  state department says the effort yields `` some positive signs , but not enough '' .  arab league monitors fanned out to trouble spots , including the damascus are .
 apparently this matters : ruzzle <sec> `` apparently this matters '' is cnn tech 's weekly , offbeat look at items trending online .  this week , jarrett investigates the growing appeal of ruzzle .  the mobile game has more than 9 million players , including jarrett 's mom .  do n't challenge her ; she 's good . .  better than jarrett , anywa .
 'argentine elvis ' sandro dead at 64 <sec> argentine singer roberto sanchez dies at age 64 following surgery complications , his doctor says .  performance style in the 1960s drew comparisons to elvis presley .  `` sandro '' was considered one of pioneers of latin rock music movement .  singer also nicknamed `` el gitano '' or `` the gypsy '' because of his family 's roma root .
 sudan leader thanks arab summit for support <sec> sudanese president asks arab league summit to reject arrest warrant against him .  omar al-bashir is charged with war crimes by the international criminal court .  al-bashir accused of crimes against humanity in his campaign against darfur rebels .  u.n. secretary general attends summit , but avoids any confrontation with al-bashi .
 fugitive charged with 1981 murder found serving as texas church deacon <sec> fugitive joseph lewis miller found living under alias , roy eugene eubanks , in texas .  miller was wanted in the january 1981 killing of thomas waller in pennsylvania .  found in texas , miller was deacon and receiving disability benefits , u.s. marshals say .  now in custody in texas , he awaits court proceedings regarding his extraditio .
 lawyer blasts media for 'affluenza ' focus <sec> man who lost wife , daughter says he does n't think ethan couch is remorseful .  `` affluenza '' not used by either of the lawyers , says defense attorney reagan wynn .  the media circus is poison to the criminal justice system , '' wynn says .  `` well , that 's ironic , '' prosecutor says , noting that a defense witness used the ter .
 jury deliberations set to continue in connecticut home invasion case <sec> the jury ended its first day of deliberations without delivering a verdict .  hayes is on trial for the murder of a mother and two daughters .  he has pleaded not guilty .  suspects allegedly made the mother withdraw money , then set her family 's house on fir .
 protesters rally against ukraine 's proposed languages bill <sec> protests , including a hunger strike , have been ongoing for the past two weeks .  the bill aims to provide regional status to the 18 languages spoken by minorities in ukraine .  protesters worry the ukrainian language will be undermined by the bill .  the bill 's sponsor says the legislation is necessary if ukraine wants to join e .
 china in soft power push with foreign students <sec> overseas students studying in china increased 10 % in a year to more than 290,000 in 2011 .  china is aiming to attract more foreign students as part of a push for soft power .  the u.s. , europe and asia are encouraging their youth to study in china .  academics are questioning whether china 's universities are up to the challeng .
 small-town mega millions mystery winner to step forward <sec> the $ 218 million winner will be announced in red bud , illinois , wednesday .  red bud 's mayor believes the winner is from his farming community .  rumors about the winner spread through the southern illinois town for two weeks .  kansas and maryland lottery officials allow their winners to stay anonymous , but not illinoi .
 genetically modified apples do n't turn brown if sliced <sec> the u.s. department of agriculture approves america 's first genetically modified apples .  okanagan specialty fruits , a canadian company , engineered the apples .  authors of `` rich food , poor food '' warn that genetic modification of food is a slippery slop .
 in praise of older women <sec> joan didion : face of céline at 80 and subject of new exhibition .  she joins other older models including jane fonda , 76 .  older women are becoming more sought after in advertisin .
