 attorney : patient in california superbug case blames medical manufacturer <sec> a patient , 18 , is hospitalized with a deadly cre superbug infection , attorney says .  the patient blames a medical scope used in his procedure and plans to sue the maker , attorney says .  the maker says the scope requires `` meticulous manual cleaning .
 egypt 's morsy sends defense minister , top general to 'retirement ' <sec> new : president says he wants military to focus on protecting the homeland .  tantawi 's 'expertise will be of higher value ' as a presidential adviser , pm says .  morsy has replaced the defense minister who took over for mubarak , his spokesman says .  he also reversed a military decree claiming legislative power for the general .
 sudanese christian woman released from custody <sec> mariam yehya ibrahim and her husband say they were freed on bail .  they tell cnn they are prohibited from leaving the country .  the couple and their two children were planning to travel to the united states .  ibrahim had been sentenced to death for apostasy , then released on appea .
 missouri couple catch apparent world-record catfish <sec> the 130-pound blue catfish beats the world record by 6 pounds , an official says .  `` it has n't hit me yet , i 'm still in shock , '' fisherman greg bernal says .  only some paperwork stands in the way of an official world record .  `` he 'll be considered royalty in the fishing world , '' store manager say .
 spokesman : house majority leader knew of petraeus matter in october <sec> spokesman : eric cantor spoke with an fbi official about the matter in october .  petraeus resigned friday , citing an extramarital affair .  an fbi investigation into e-mails from petraeus ' biographer uncovered the affair .  the former cia director was scheduled to testify in a hearing on the benghazi attac .
 two executed in china over tainted milk <sec> zhang yujun and geng jinping executed for their roles in toxic milk scandal .  in all , 21 people were tried and sentenced in january for their roles in the scandal .  tainted milk killed at least six babies and sickened about 300,000 others .  drinking formula held melamine , a toxin dairy plants used to make protein levels appear highe .
 serbia : the country at the crossroads of europe <sec> serbia emerged as an independent republic in 2006 .  with montenegro 's secession , serbia lost its coast ; it now has a little over 7 million people .  since the dark days of the yugoslav conflict , serbia has sought economic equilibrium .  after years of isolation during the yugoslav conflict , serbia has begun reintegrating into europ .
 demi moore says she is divorcing kutcher <sec> demi moore and ashton kutcher are divorcing .  actress releases statement .  sometimes marriages fail , kutcher tweet .
 romney , santorum in final push to tuesday primaries <sec> new : newt gingrich warns that liberal elitism threatens the united states .  mitt romney gets a key endorsement from arizona 's conservative governor .  rick santorum appears to downplay his chances in tuesday 's arizona primary .  the outcome of the michigan primary will significantly impact the republican rac .
 is down syndrome comedy fodder ? ( opinion ) <sec> david perry : it 's hard to build inclusive world when people mock down syndrome .  on ira glass show , comedian wyatt cenac made derisive reference to down syndrome .  he says glass said it 's fair game for comedy . .  perry , who has down syndrome son , disagrees .  perry : cenac , glass can defend comedy , but do n't get to say whether hurt it causes is rea .
 how 'afropreneurs ' will shape africa 's future <sec> nigerian idris ayodeji bello describes himself as an `` afropreneur '' .  he says afro-centric entrepreneurs will bring change to the continent .  bello has created the wennovation hub in nigeria to help entrepreneurs develop their ideas .  he says his work is about enabling access to health information and education tool .
 man accused of pentagon bomb plot accepts plea deal <sec> rezwan ferdaus agrees to a sentencing recommendation of 17 years .  he was accused of plotting to use model planes and c4 explosives to blow up targets .  ferdaus had been closely monitored by undercover agents , the fbi say .
 louis c.k . selling tour tickets on his website for flat fee <sec> comic louis c.k . .  is selling tour tickets directly to fans .  he is reserving the right to refund tickets if holder tries to resell for more .  his tour will run from october 2012 to february 201 .
 ny moves to ease gender change on birth certificates <sec> proposal would allow transgender people to change birth certificate gender .  nyc now requires proof of gender reassignment surgery to make change .  many u.s. states allow gender changes on birth certificates without surgery .  councilman corey johnson : `` this is catching up with what other states and municipalities have done .
 ecuadoran football player christian 'chucho ' benitez dies age 27 <sec> ecuador international christian benitez dies at the age of 27 .  the forward passed away just a day after making debut for qatari side el jaish .  death prompts outpouring of emotion on twitter for former birmingham playe .
 controversial zuma portrait prompts south africa march <sec> the portrait shows president jacob zuma with his genitals exposed .  the ruling party says the painting is insulting .  reports say 15,000 people are expected to march in protes .
 band cheap trick unharmed after stage collapse <sec> the stage collapses in severe weather at cisco ottawa bluesfest .  officials : there are no reports of serious injurie .
 recession sparks interest in islamic finance <sec> there is an increase in demand for academic courses in islamic finance .  some believe islamic finance principles would have avoided banking crisis .  islamic banks do not charge interest or deal in mortgage-backed securities .  some principles are similar to those used for ethical investment .
 what happens next in holder contempt flap ? <sec> house committee votes to cite attorney general eric holder in contempt .  holder is first attorney general to face a potential contempt citation .  other white house officials , most recently under bush , have been cited for contempt .  if the house votes holder in contempt , the house general counsel could pursue legal actio .
 haiti 's kids need the chance to do great things <sec> as haiti recovers from january quake , children bear a heavy burden , says samuel dalembert .  he says it 's important that kids not only survive , but are educated and kept healthy .  dalembert recalls growing up poor in haiti , sharing with friends who had less .  he and other kids vowed if they got any opportunity , they would use it to do great things , he say .
 great green blob covers chinese waters <sec> coastal waters near qingdao covered with 28,900 sq km of green algae .  largest outbreak seen by local officials , doubling previous record in 2008 .  scientist says algae is caused by pollution and sewage in water .  algae 'generally not harmful ' to humans , but scientist urges cautio .
 andrea pirlo haunts former club milan as juventus stays unbeaten <sec> juventus and napoli two points behind serie a leader roma after victories on sunday .  andrea pirlo scores in juve 's 3-2 win against his former club ac milan .  diego costa top of spanish scoring charts after double in atletico madrid victory .  french champion psg overcomes red card to win crunch match at marseill .
 'rudy ' has awkward cosby moment on 'celeb apprentice ' <sec> keshia knight pulliam , who played rudy on the 'cosby ' show , starred in 'celebrity apprentice ' .  knight pulliam was ousted after she failed to contact cosby for help with a charity fund-raising drive .  host donald trump tweeted that the incident happened before rape allegations against cosby boiled ove .
 questions linger after bush withdraws pardon <sec> isaac toussie was involved in mortgage scheme in new york .  answers wanted about how thorough of an investigation there was before his pardon .  questions remain about whether pardon was due in part to political connections .  white house learned toussie 's father made contributions to top gop politician .
 lz : why tim cook had to tell his story ( opinion ) <sec> lz granderson was an adult when he learned gay people were also nazi victims .  he also learned key members of the harlem renaissance , civil rights movement were lgbt .  why does it matter ? .  granderson says it 's crucial gay people not be scrubbed from history .  it 's important to know the full story of people such as apple ceo tim cook , he say .
 saudi crown prince 's surgery raises questions <sec> saudi arabia 's crown prince convalesces in morocco after surgery in new york .  illness of crown prince sultan bin abdulaziz al saud was not revealed .  appointment of second deputy prime minister raises questions about illnes .
 21.7 million pounds of beef recalled <sec> topps meat co. hamburger patties may contain e. coli bacteria .  new jersey plant 's grinding operation shut down .  as many as 25 cases of illness recorded in eight state .
 coburn 's bill aims to curb police 'militarization ' <sec> sen. tom coburn 's bill would block cops from getting some types of military equipment .  justice department , white house criticized heavy police response in ferguson , missouri .  pentagon officials say they have no way of tracking equipment once it 's given to polic .
 islamist fighters seize somali government seat <sec> islamist fighters seize control of baidoa , somalia .  baidoa is headquarters of somalia 's u.n.-backed government .  town 's seizure leaves country 's lawmakers stranded in nation of djibout .
 argentina alleges newspapers worked with dictatorship <sec> a report alleges that argentina 's largest newspapers illegally obtained shares of papel prensa .  papel prensa is the country 's largest newsprint producer .  the papers worked with the dictatorship at the time to gain the shares , the report say .
 romney throws campaign another curve ball with 'birther ' remark <sec> 'no one has ever asked to see my birth certificate , ' romney said in his native michigan .  quip another distraction for romney campaign preparing for rnc convention .  was romney trying to appeal to conservative base or was it just an awkward comment ? .  romney campaign said that candidate believes obama was born in the united state .
 ecuador plan seeks balance of environment , oil <sec> ecuador leader touts plan to leave estimated 1 billion barrels of oil under ground .  in exchange , wealthy nations would pay $ 350 million a year to ecuador .  president rafael correa says : `` oil has brought us more bad than good '' .  proposal comes amid growing popularity of `` carbon offsetting .
 airlines stop swine flu victims flying <sec> british airlines stop people with swine flu boarding flights .  around the world there have been 98,000 cases of swine flu in 120 countries .  with 29 deaths , britain has the worst swine flu figures in europe .  medical screening for virus has been introduced at many airport .
 turkeys ride looks , charm to white house ; they wo n't be gobbled <sec> president obama pardoned official thanksgiving turkey .  turkeys listened to music , visited schools in preparation for national debut .  two winning turkeys flew from california to d.c. and got their version of a pat down .  turkeys will live out their lives on mount verno .
 the girl the taliban wanted dead <sec> the education advocate is a global symbol of empowerment for young women .  support pours in after a taliban gunman shoots her for attending school .  `` where in the quran does it say that girls should not be educated ? '' .  she ask .
 syrian fight now 'overtly sectarian , ' u.n. says <sec> `` sectarian lines fall most sharply '' between alawites and sunnis , report says .  many communities are caught up in the conflict .  palestinians in yarmouk refugee camp work to forge peace .  putin says russia wants talks but is n't wedded to al-assa .
 penn jillette : you can stop hackers ' crimes <sec> penn jillette : hacking is a crime that is enabled when we invade others ' privacy .  if we do n't look at nude photos of jennifer lawrence or sony emails , crime is lessened , he says .  jillette : i 've been hacked but my information was n't made publi .
 sotomayor 's 'wise latina ' comment a staple of her speeches <sec> sotomayor discusses her `` latina soul , '' how puerto rican dishes shaped her .  she said she hopes experiences would help her reach better judicial conclusion .  `` wise latina '' comment used in 1994 , 1999 , 2002 , 2004 and 2001 speeches .  sen. feinstein : sotomayor described remark as `` a poor choice of words .
 pair plead guilty in internet car sales scam based overseas <sec> scheme operated out of romania , federal prosecutors say .  it offered nonexistent autos for sale on websites .  man , woman plead guilt .
 chinese internet users back leaker , call on government to protect him <sec> chinese internet users have expressed support for american data leaker edward snowden .  micro-blog users have commended his bravery and called on china to protect him .  others said his prospects of escaping u.s. justice in hong kong were sli .
 cocaine galore in cornwall <sec> bales of cocaine have been found washed up on beaches in cornwall , england .  local resident frank partridge found a parcel out walking his dog .  parcels contained 50 kilos of cocaine , an estimated street value of $ 4.96m .  people in the region believe it came from a liberian container vesse .
 red cross : 800 killed in ivory coast town <sec> ouattara forces say they control `` national territory '' .  u.n. official blames some of the killings on ouattara 's forces .  he says the killings occurred during a military offensive .  forces loyal to laurent gbagbo retake control of the state-run tv networ .
 feds : couple crashed obama 's state dinner <sec> secret service : tareq and michaele salahi attended state dinner without invitations .  michaele salahi 's facebook page shows pictures of couple with vice president .  couple are polo-playing socialites from northern virginia , washington post report .
 syria : barrel bombs continue to rain down on aleppo <sec> hundreds have been killed in aleppo in recent days , opposition group says .  doctors operate while standing in pools of blood covering the white floors .  a barrel bomb assault on the rebel-held city began more than a week ag .
 man at florida base in hot water over weapons , housing <sec> the alleged violations occurred at macdill air force base in florida .  the man is accused of using `` subterfuge '' to get housing .  he 's also accused of not reporting his possession of weapon .
 senate gop pressured to stop medicare 'meltdown ' <sec> medicare cut payments by 10.6 percent to doctors on july 1 .  bush administration delays implementing cuts until mid-july .  cuts could lead doctors to stop taking medicare patients , advocacy groups argue .  bill rolling back cuts stalled in the senate due to republican objection .
 new japanese smartphone will have radiation detector <sec> a new japan 's mobile phone will include a radiation detector .  the pantone 5 107sh will be released in june by softbank .  device developed in the wake of the fukushima nuclear disaster .  softbank is led by ceo masayoshi son , an opponent of nuclear powe .
 t-boz brings reality to tv <sec> `` after losing my sight , hearing , balance and speech , yes , i 'm returning , '' t-boz says .  the tlc singer is a survivor of sickle cell anemia and a brain tumor .  `` totally t-boz '' premieres tuesday night on tlc .  2013 is the 20th anniversary of when t-boz teamed with `` left eye '' and `` chilli .
 mother loses both children in same month <sec> dinyal new buried her only two children last month .  both sons were shot and killed within three weeks of each other .  she lives in oakland , california , one of the most violent cities in the u.s .
 michael jackson seeks to keep neverland ranch <sec> a public auction has been set for march 19 , according to court documents .  jackson owes $ 24.5 million on the property .  jackson insider : `` the financing is all being worked out '' .  the singer has not lived at neverland ranch since june 200 .
 a sobering interview with depeche mode <sec> depeche mode 's new album is `` sounds of the universe '' .  new work features songs by singer dave gahan , which is unusual .  band , known for `` personal jesus '' and other songs , is nearing 30 years in musi .
 liberal groups slate pro-warren rally in new hampshire saturday <sec> pro-warren liberal groups will start their new hampshire organizing efforts with a rally on saturday in manchester .  they are trying to urge warren to run for president and plan to open offices and dispatch organizers to the state .  in an interview published tuesday , though , warren flatly said `` no '' when asked if she is running for presiden .
 cnn student news - august 22 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention . .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 nadal and federer drawn to meet in australian open semifinals <sec> rafael nadal and roger federer could meet in the last four at australian open .  top seed novak djokovic and world no . .  4 andy murray may also meet in semis .  women 's no . .  1 caroline wozniacki starts off against australian anastasia rodionova .  the 100th edition of the melbourne grand slam begins on monda .
 washiqur rahman : secular blogger killed in bangladesh <sec> the 27-year-old rahman falls victim to the same brazen act that killed avijit roy .  the deaths have emboldened the movement , an activist say .
 blame genetics for bad driving , study finds <sec> study finds bad driving may have genetic basis .  people with certain gene variant performed worse on driving test that those without it .  nearly 30 percent of americans have variant , according to stud .
 anniversary of iran revolution : news updates <sec> this week , iran is celebrating the 31st anniversary of the islamic revolution .  read twitter feeds to stay updated on the latest news in iran .  read cnn 's special coverage of the latest developments in ira .
 1-ton rodent was size of small car <sec> rodent the size of small car discovered in uruguay .  scientists say the rodent must have weighed 1,000 kilograms .  small size of its teeth suggests it fed mainly upon soft vegetables and frui .
 judge judy creates new syndicated show <sec> judge judy came up with the idea on vacation .  `` hot bench '' will feature a judge and two attorneys .  the new show will launch in the fal .
 thousands hit by brazil outbreak of dengue <sec> authorities : more than 55,000 cases of dengue reported this year in brazil .  the disease has killed 67 people this year in rio de janeiro state .  dengue hemorrhagic fever `` can be fatal '' if unrecognized and not properly treated .  cdc says there is no vaccine to prevent dengue or dengue hemorrhagic feve .
 reddit , dogecoin support nascar racer at talladega <sec> reddit and dogecoin sponsor nascar racer at talladega .  a 16-year-old fan led the unusual effort .  the effort raised $ 55,000 to sponsor the no . .  98 car in less than a week .  driver josh wise responded with reddit ama thanking new fan .
 fbi official : hasan should have been asked about e-mails with radical cleric <sec> hasan is accused of killing 13 , wounding 32 in the 2009 fort hood shooting .  hasan had communicated via e-mail with islamic cleric anwar al-awlaki before shooting .  officials learned hasan was e-mailing al-awlaki starting in december of 2008 .  `` an interview would have been prudent , '' an fbi official tells a congressional hearin .
 happy new year for roger federer with brisbane breeze <sec> roger federer kick starts 2014 campaign with straight sets win .  beats finn jarko nieminen 6-4 6-2 in 69 minutes in brisbane .  using bigger-headed racket at start of season .  andy murray beaten in second round in qata .
 raul tamudo is recalled by spain <sec> raul tamudo is recalled to spain 's squad to play denmark on saturday . .  he replaces injured david villa for the group f euro 2008 qualifier .  spain lead the group by three point .
