 volcano spews ash , lava in northeast indonesia <sec> eruptions began at mount lokon in noth sulawesi province on friday .  loud , explosive eruptions sunday prompt authorities to put all on alert , an official says .  at 800 meters high , mount lokon is among the most active volcanoes in the regio .
 desperation , hope and children on the border <sec> flood of children pouring across u.s.-mexico border .  many parents believe their kids will get citizenship if they make it to america .  some blame obama , others point to bush for increase in children crossing borde .
 norwegians value respecting killer 's human rights <sec> no sooner were his handcuffs removed than anders breivik raised his arm in a salute .  `` i acknowledge the acts but do not plead guilty , '' he told the court .  magnay : he showed no remorse for the killing of 77 in norway last year .  rescuer tells cnn : breivik was so close to having a bullet between his eye .
 u.s. win stands as costa rica appeal blown away <sec> fifa rejects costa rica 's appeal over 1-0 defeat to united states .  costa rica unhappy with the snowstorm conditions in colorado .  the win was the u.s. 's first of the 2014 world cup qualifying competition .  jurgen klinsmann 's team play neighbors mexico on tuesda .
 governments warn against egypt travel <sec> u.s. department of state upgrades travel alert to travel warning .  u.s. citizen , andrew pochter , was killed in knife attack june 28 .  uk urges avoiding demonstrations and large gathering .
 south korea sink lackluster greece <sec> south korea open their 2010 world cup campaign with 2-0 victory over greece .  goals from lee jung-soo and park ji-sung see the 2002 world cup semi-finalists coast to victory .  greece yet to score a goal or a point in any world cup final .
 'racy pics ' banker to keep his job <sec> banker caught looking at photos of semi-nude model on live tv .  firm says he will keep his job .  internet campaign launched in bid to save his job .  video of incident viewed more than 1.3 million times on youtub .
 germany 's wonder mare danedream prepares for final challenges <sec> danedream rated one of the best fillies of all time .  german racing 's most famous daughter has string of big race wins .  preparing to bow out with second prix de l'arc de triomphe triumph .  danedream 's early performances on the course uninspire .
 138 points in a game : where 's the embarrassment ? <sec> a grinnell college player broke the record for most points in a game , with 138 .  nicolaus mills : the achievement came against a college team with far fewer resources .  other players have had outsized scoring performances , he says , but those were different .  mills : players should have known better than to embarrass their opponents in this wa .
 pro-government forces find haven at syrian town 's christian monastery <sec> fighters stationed at the syrian christian town of saidnaya support the current regime .  christians in saidnaya say they 're threatened by radical islamists among rebel fighters .  christianity has a rich history in syria , where jesus was baptized .  christian leaders in syria say they 're protecting themselves , not taking sides in the conflic .
 indian police accused of torture <sec> human rights watch accuses indian police of abuses .  group blames colonial-era police system rather than individuals .  no immediate comment from indian authoritie .
 kaka rejects world record move to man city <sec> ac milan 's kaka turns down big-money transfer to manchester city .  brazilian star kaka was reportedly set to earn $ 750,000 per week at city .  milan owner silvio berlusconi said kaka had `` higher values '' than money .  robinho denies reports he left city training camp after a row over kak .
 hantuchova halts venus return in eastbourne ; stosur topples zvonareva <sec> daniela hantuchova knocks venus williams out of eastbourne 6-2 5-7 6-2 .  it is the first time hantuchova has beaten williams in 11 matches .  slovak will now face fifth seed petra kvitova after she beat agnieszka radwanska .  mario bartoli will face australian sam stosur in other semifina .
 france bulldozes migrant 'jungle ' <sec> french police arrest 276 migrants at `` jungle '' camp , 125 were minors .  migrants had been living in makeshift tents made from cardboard , plastic sheeting .  refugee advocates circled the migrants , trying to keep police at bay .  the french government has not said where the migrants would be relocate .
 liberia : from warzone to holiday paradise ? <sec> the west african nation of liberia is celebrating 10 years of peace .  the country 's hospitality entrepreneurs are trying to foster the sector 's growth .  insiders say the industry has potential for growth but still faces many obstacles .  high energy costs and lack of skills are some of the challenge .
 vaclav havel 's body lies in state at prague castle <sec> admirers line charles bridge as the late dissident 's body is moved .  havel died sunday at the age of 75 .  his writing and activism helped overthrow communism in czechoslovakia .  he will be buried in a state funeral frida .
 miranda lambert is having a moment <sec> lambert eats a lot of protein to stay energized on the road .  lambert and fiance blake shelton have seven dogs , no time for kids .  `` the hard part is i 'm a normal-size girl , and i 'm fine with that , '' lambert say .
 meet america 's emerging minority group -- whites <sec> david anderson : america sees diversity in many forms .  he says few realize that whites in america will become a minority group in 3 decades .  anderson says some may react well ; others may mourn loss of privileged status .  he says americans have the choice to extend grace to each other , realizing mlk 's drea .
 rock-throwing prompts border shooting , u.s. says <sec> border patrol says rocks were thrown at its agents .  mexico 's foreign ministry criticizes `` disproportionate use of lethal force '' .  the fbi is investigatin .
 lytro : the amazing new perspective on photography <sec> ren ng is the malaysian-born inventor of the lytro camera .  ng hopes the hand-held digital device will come to revolutionize how people take pictures .  camera enables users to alter a picture 's focus and perspective after image has been capture .
 when a parent goes to war , military kids grow up fast <sec> children of parents deployed to wars overseas assume adult responsibilities .  deployments cause stress but also force teens to become more resilient .  `` my dad told me i am the man of the house , and i have to act like it , '' says tyler dix , 16 .  teens created the sisterhood of the bdus to bring girls togethe .
 opinion : has u.s. started an internet war ? <sec> bruce schneier : u.s. is pursuing policies that are destabilizing and expensive .  schneier : the cyberwar arms race will define the internet in the 21st century .  he asks : how much of what the u.s. does is an act of war by international definitions ? .  schneier : we need more transparency , cooperation and viable cyberweapons treatie .
 air france jet hit trouble near af447 crash site <sec> air france jet encountered problems near where airbus jet crashed earlier this year .  flight 445 encountered `` severe turbulence '' about 4 hours after takeoff on nov. 29 .  flight 447 went down in the atlantic ocean on june 1 , killing 228 peopl .
 two more arrests made in mississippi state shooting <sec> new : one suspect turns himself in to authorities in florida .  new : another is arrested in mississippi .  new : earlier , a third supect was arrested in tennessee .  new : all suspects are charged with capital murder with intent to sell a controlled substanc .
 inside al qaeda underground torture bunkers <sec> abandoned al qaeda in iraq bunker base littered with bones of its enemies .  u.s. bombed bunkers in 2007 but stench of decay remains in desert base .  source close to al qaeda says it lost in iraq as it lost support of the people .  he says al qaeda 's focus is now afghanista .
 pakistan minister escapes assassination attempt <sec> religious affairs minister , hamid saeed kazmi , was shot in the leg .  attack took place at an islamabad market , next to a police station .  minister 's driver was killed in the attac .
 britain 's prince charles urges religious freedom , tolerance <sec> prince charles calls on religious leaders to promote tolerance , understanding .  he calls on governments worldwide to uphold people 's right to freedom of religion .  charles : `` indescribable tragedy that christianity is now under such threat in the middle east '' .  report by roman catholic charity calls christians `` the most persecuted faith in the world .
 rice : 'no doubt ' mumbai attacks planned in pakistan <sec> condoleezza rice : `` no doubt '' pakistani territory used by `` probably non-state actors '' .  rice : pakistan is obligated to root out terrorists within its borders .  india has alleged pakistan-based islamic militant group linked to mumbai attack .
 tiny theater 's afghanistan play heads to the pentagon <sec> a london theater company commissions a cycle of plays about afghanistan .  britain 's top general says seeing it sooner would have made him a better commander there .  he has been instrumental in getting america 's top brass to watch it .  the theatre director says the plays have changed his own mind about the conflict to .
 miners watch chile-ukraine soccer match <sec> the miners were able to watch a soccer match live via a projector .  it 's been 34 days since they were trapped in the mine .  nasa experts say their eventual rescue is only the first step in their recover .
 first airbus a350 xwb delivered to qatar airways <sec> qatar airways is the global launch customer of the a350 , accepting delivery of the xwb plane on monday .  the airline 's new a350-900 will enter into service in january , operating on the doha-frankfurt route .  as of the end of november , airbus has received 778 firm a350 orders from 41 customer .
 jesse james cited for vandalism in clash with photographer <sec> sandra bullock 's husband , jesse james , was cited for vandalism .  photographer ulises rios was cited for stalking james .  rios recorded the march 25th incident .  city prosecutors will decide if the cases will be prosecute .
 opinion : mammographers , do n't blame canada for study results <sec> a recent canadian study found that mammogram screenings do n't reduce cancer deaths .  mammographers slammed it , saying researchers cheated and screening machines were old .  gilbert welch : cheating charges unfounded , and pro-screening studies used older machines .  welch : the real problem is that mammography results in women getting treatment they do n't nee .
 paul mccartney ill , postpones japan shows <sec> paul mccartney got sick in japan , postponed shows .  postponements are rare occurrence for former beatle .  mccartney : `` i 'm so disappointed '' .  tour scheduled to go to seoul , then over to america in jun .
 winter olympics skating on thin ice ? <sec> ioc to discuss budgets of future winter games .  gian-franco kasper backs changes to current format .  only two cities competing to host 2022 olympics .  pyeongchang to welcome world in 201 .
 study : 4 million 'illegal ' immigrant children are native-born citizens <sec> pew hispanic center study : 3 in 4 `` illegal '' immigrant children are u.s. citizens .  80 percent of illegal immigrant children live in two-parent homes , study finds .  one-third of children of illegal immigrants in u.s. live in poverty , study finds .  `` it 's really , really hard to leave your family , '' says one child separated from mo .
 american woman 's body found in suitcase in bali <sec> new : the victim 's daughter and the daughter 's boyfriend are now suspects , police say .  body of sheila von weise mack , 62 , was found in a suitcase in the trunk of a taxi .  police in illinois had responded to 86 calls at the family home over nine years .  couple say they were taken captive by an armed gang that killed the mothe .
 papandreou : greece wo n't default on debt <sec> prime minister papandreou : greece will not default on its debt payment obligations .  `` obviously ( it will be ) difficult , but we have been doing our work '' .  a recent survey showed about 75 % of respondents thought greece would default .  papandreou echoed the french president 's sentiments that the euro wo n't fol .
 face time with mohammed alshaya <sec> mme speaks with mohammed alshaya , ceo of m.h . .  alshaya 's retail division .  retail division seeing annual growth of 25 percent , up to 30 percent in dubai .  group taking starbucks , mothercare , body shop into eastern europe , russia .  on gcc single currency : it is a huge leap towards efficiency , conciliatio .
 clinton urges u.s. companies to invest in iraq <sec> `` expanding economic opportunity '' as essential as democracy , she says .  federal agencies join forces to support u.s. companies in iraq .  imf says iraq 's growth will outpace china in two years , clinton say .
 opinion : new york 's sex scandal candidates <sec> errol louis : spitzer making new bid for nyc comptroller ; he joins weiner in arena .  both had sex scandals , but similarities end there . .  spitzer fessed up in his scandal .  but weiner lied , he says . .  spitzer has record of accomplishment . .  weiner not so much .  louis : weiner in 6-candidate race . .  spitzer faces 1 oppenent . .  can nyers forgive .
 4 deaths tied to bacteria at food processing plant , texas says <sec> new : four people died after eating celery processed at sangar plant , officials say .  new : the company 's president previously called for tougher food-safety measures .  the sangar produce plant has been closed and all its food products recalled .  the company disputes the state 's findings and insists its products are saf .
 school bullying takes center stage at summit in washington <sec> the education department is holding its first-ever summit on school bullying .  study : nearly a third of students ages 12-18 reported being bullied in school .  the summit looks to come up with a plan to reduce and end bullyin .
 obama says backlog reduced in veterans ' disability claims <sec> `` we have to end this epidemic of suicide among our veterans and troops , '' obama says .  veterans must have `` the opportunity to pursue the american dream , '' he adds .  obama announces $ 100 million to research ptsd and traumatic brain injury .  one attendee criticizes obama on accountability for skyrocketing suicide .
 report : palestinian journalists abused by palestinian security forces <sec> new : palestinian security forces say they will investigate the allegations .  the human rights watch report focuses on seven incidents in the west bank and two in gaza .  journalists were `` tortured , beat , and arbitrarily detained , '' the report says .  the rift between fatah and hamas is behind most of the incidents , it say .
 tweeters loved koch 's 'new york-iness ' <sec> ex-new york city mayor ed koch , 88 , died friday , sparking waves of online tributes .  @ mayoredkoch twitter account features touching retweets .  new : john avlon : in the end he was `` almost impossible to dislike '' which `` reflected the city . '' .  younger americans may remember koch best from tv 's `` people 's court .
 woman says attack linked to mccain bumper sticker <sec> woman says man robbed her , returned to beat her after noticing sticker on her car .  police say they can not substantiate her claim .  the 20-year-old says man kicked , punched her , carved b into her cheek with knife .  mccain spokeswoman says mccain , sarah palin , have spoken with the victi .
 artist tells the overlooked story of the palestinian christians <sec> dor guez is an artist who has dedicated himself to telling the story of palestinian christian communities .  he has launched a christian palestinian archive which he draws on heavily for his work .  he says the community negotiates its identity against jewish israelis and muslim arab .
 what 's next : can obama recover or will romney run up the score ? <sec> mitt romney 's debate win offers momentum moving forward .  president barack obama must work to recover from lackluster debate .  the next debate 's town hall format could provide for impromptu moment .
 u.s. 'dark pool ' trades up 50 % <sec> trading of us equities on `` dark pools '' has grown by almost a half in three years .  cfa survey : off-exchange trading now account for nearly a third of total market volume .  shift from transparent public exchanges has highlighted growing concern among regulator .
 maria sharapova reveals 'goosebumps ' after comeback victory <sec> world no . .  4 maria sharapova wins her first wta tour match in almost five months .  russian returns to action in brisbane monday following absence due to injury .  the four-time grand slam winner wins first-round match in just over an hour .  grigor dimitrov , last year 's brisbane men 's runner-up , wins his opening matc .
 water fresh from the tarp <sec> the solar water disinfecting tarpaulin aims to reduces disease and death .  the award-winning design by eric olsen is portable as well as a being a purifier .  flexible and robust the design is morphologically inspired by the saguaro cactu .
 how test-tube meat could be the future of food <sec> tech entrepreneurs are addressing the challenges of global food production .  one startup , modern meadow , wants to engineer meat in a lab .  research shows current methods of raising meat are harmful to the environment .  but survey finds 80 % of americans would not eat meat grown in a la .
 ukraine : two military jets shot down over donetsk <sec> observers say putin is under pressure at home and abroad .  u.s. officials : russian troops moving closer to ukrainian border .  ukrainian security council spokesman says missiles may have been fired from russia .  the shootdown comes six days after malaysia airlines flight 17 was brought dow .
 hurricane outlook : el niño expected to mean fewer atlantic storms <sec> there is a possibility of more hurricanes in the eastern pacific , fewer in the atlantic , forecasters say .  winds from el niño should lessen the intensity of storms in the atlantic .  what counts is how many storms make landfall and where they hit , cnn meteorologist say .
 sesame street puppet masters bring muppets to life <sec> sesame street has enchanted adults and children alike for over 40 years .  creator jim henson died in 1990 , inspired a new generation of `` muppeteers '' .  puppeteering tough physical work , with some artists needing shoulder operations .  sneak peek inside workshop reveals frankenstein 's lab of spare eyes and nose .
 florida requests exhumations at former boys ' school <sec> florida 's attorney general has requested a court allow exhumations at a defunct school .  the court could make a decision in the next few weeks .  a forensic team has determined that 50 graves exist on school grounds .  a 2009 state investigation said 31 boys are buried there , and most died from a fire and fl .
 mexican judge sentences 4 in human trafficking case <sec> the investigation started with with a tip from ice , authorities say .  investigators tracked the suspects to the southern state of tlaxcala .  they each will serve a minimum of 16 1/2 years in prison .  mexico , like many countries , struggles to prosecute and punish trafficking offender .
 captain berbatov quits bulgarian team <sec> bulgaria captain dimitar berbatov announces his retirement from international football .  berbatov made 74 appearances for his country and scored a record 48 goals .  the 29-year-old manchester united striker has been criticized for his recent display .
 pulitzer prize-winning author oscar hijuelos dies <sec> hijuelos was the first latino to win the prestigious award for fiction .  he wrote the 1989 novel `` the mambo kings play songs of love '' .  hijuelos , 62 , died from sudden cardiac arrest , his agent say .
 'lightheaded ' pilots make emergency landing <sec> pilots on a december flight felt ill and put on their oxygen masks .  the glasgow-bound flight returned to london .  british airways says the incident was not caused by contaminated ai .
 new orleans a test case for global warming <sec> tom darden directs foundation that helps new orleans residents rebuild their community .  he says hurricane katrina , flooded new orleans offer lessons for copenhagen meeting .  darden : world is reeling from global warming ; effects will continue and we must adapt .  solutions exist , but it 's time for the international community to step up , he say .
 darfuri women live 'nightmare , ' harvard-backed study says <sec> 88 darfuri women interviewed in chad described `` profound '' suffering and fear .  expert in refugee trauma says `` the atmosphere of intimidation was palpable '' .  200,000 people have died , 2 million have fled the region since fighting began in 200 .
 casey anthony declared competent ; trial proceeds <sec> new : jurors see a videotape of a november 2008 search for caylee 's remains .  the defense motion cites a june 20 ruling by a federal judge .  three psychologists examined anthony over the weekend at her attorneys ' request .  the judge abruptly called a recess in her murder trial saturda .
