 zimbabwe cholera epidemic worsening <sec> doctors without borders report says cholera crisis shows no signs of slowing .  aid agencies say it could be lead to other epidemics and health crises .  no sanitation or clean water , piles of garbage help spread disease .  epidemic has been left to fester due to zimbabwe political wranglin .
 airstrikes , executions : seesaw fight against isis <sec> airstrikes focus on oil refineries , a source of revenue for isis .  u.s. thinks it has identified militant in beheading videos .  113 soldiers are dead and 78 are missing following isis attack , officials say .  a military analyst and syrian resident say isis is infiltrating the civilian populatio .
 final florida push begins after contentious debate <sec> front-runners mitt romney and newt gingrich spar in the final florida debate .  romney forcefully defends his personal wealth as good for america .  rick santorum attacks romney on his massachusetts health care reform plan .  the candidates also argue over immigration and going to the moo .
 emotions run high as manchester united mark ferguson 's 25th anniversary <sec> manchester united manager honored by renaming of club 's main stand .  alex ferguson celebrates 25 years at old trafford with win over sunderland .  united five points behind league leaders manchester city , who beat qpr 3-2 .  newcastle in third place after 2-1 win at home to struggling blackbur .
 hurricane-force winds fan scores of fires in southwest <sec> new : in texas , the 100-person town of stoneburg has been `` burned over '' .  new : in oklahoma,13 people are confirmed injured , two of them critically .  whole neighborhoods of oklahoma city have been seared .  texas , oklahoma officials say fires multiplying so fast they 've lost coun .
 bush era haunts obama <sec> bush anti-terror legacy still contested six years after he left office .  obama warns against refighting old arguments .  mccain : the american people 'need answers ' .  obama 's own 'war on terror ' tactics in questio .
 music rocks new york fashion week <sec> music is an integral part of new york fashion week .  one designer has commissioned a track for his show .  selections this year range from classical to more popular tune .
 paris saint-germain block carolo ancelotti 's exit amid real madrid rumors <sec> paris saint-germain coach carlo ancelotti wishes to leave the french club .  ancelotti has been linked with a move to real madrid .  current real coach jose mourinho under pressure after a turbulent season .  mourinho is rumored to be heading back to former club chelse .
 charlotte vs. tampa : charlotte , 'you have arrived , ' says former resident <sec> as part of our destination usa series , we pit rival cities and let you decide which is best .  charlotte and tampa host this year 's democratic and republican conventions .  sarah aarthun says charlotte combines big-city amenities and small-town charm .  fight for your city ! .  show us why you think charlotte or tampa is better on cnn irepor .
 pakistan taliban says leader injured in attack <sec> mehsud moved to safe area for medical treatment , taliban source says .  mehsud appeared in a video released saturday by pakistani taliban .  he was pictured next to suicide bomber who killed seven cia employees .  five dead in another suspected drone strike in north wazirista .
 administration officials offered access to bin laden filmmakers , documents show <sec> filmmakers are making a movie about the raid that killed osama bin laden .  newly released documents recount access granted to the filmmakers .  a congressman says the offer of access raises `` very serious questions '' .  rep. peter king questions whether operational secrets are being adequately protecte .
 howard stern cried 'like a baby ' at joan rivers funeral <sec> howard stern , margaret cho attended joan rivers ' funeral .  stern gave a eulogy leading with an off-color joke .  cho : `` it was so wrong but so right '' .  stern : `` really , really , really rocked by her death .
 amazon ceo finds apollo 11 rocket engines <sec> conservator found serial number of apollo 11 rocket engine .  amazon ceo jeff bezos had sought to confirm engines were from that famous mission .  a bezos-led team recovered the engines in march from the depths of the atlantic .  saturday marks the 44th anniversary of the 1969 moon landin .
 iraq : troops swell in baghdad amid humanitarian chaos <sec> iraqi forces and tanks enter baghdad neighborhoods .  the u.s. carries out a new round of airstrikes against isis targets .  thousands of stranded yazidi iraqis are rescued and taken to syri .
 why black people do n't trust the police <sec> lz granderson says he 's been repeatedly stopped , hassled by police for no good reason .  he says trayvon martin 's shooting shows similar injustice .  he says it has echoes of how police handled amadou diallo case , rodney king , sean bell .  lz : cover ups , lax investigations show black people why they ca n't trust polic .
 mexico arrests alleged arellano felix member <sec> eduardo arellano-felix was arrested at a tijuana residence saturday .  he was on the dea 's most wanted list .  arrest could help dismantling the family 's drug cartel , dea agent say .
 dj mister cee back on air a day after quitting amid drag queen scandal <sec> new : mister cee returns to his job hours after quitting amid a sex scandal .  new : a station spokeswoman ca n't confirm if dj 's return is permanent .  `` i have been in denial about this for a very long time , '' he says .  drag queen video includes recording of an encounter purportedly with mister ce .
 egyptian movie star : 'arabs are not terrorists ' <sec> khaled el nabawy is an acclaimed egyptian movie star .  he stars in recent hollywood production , `` the citizen '' .  el nabawy was one of the first prominent voices in egypt to support the revolution .  the actor-turned-activist took sean penn to tahrir squar .
 gunfire triggers rapper rick ross crash , police say <sec> rapper rick ross and a female passenger were not hurt by the wreck or gunshots .  a street gang posted online death threats against ross in recent months .  ross , 37 , says he 's not intimidated by the threats .  a former drug lord accuses ross of stealing his name and reputatio .
 caffeinated chewing gum catches fda 's eye <sec> a piece of alert energy caffeine gum has 40 mg of caffeine .  the company says it 's not recommended for children .  the fda is looking into the effects of added caffeine on kids , teen .
 for savvy travelers , the middle east still beckons <sec> clashes in syria and egypt have some travelers worried about the entire region .  countries such as oman and the united arab emirates are safe and calm , experts say .  some agents set clients up with trusted guides and drivers for extra security .  the mideast region may not be a good fit for nervous travelers , travel agents sa .
 swiss plan controls on 'suicide tourism ' <sec> switzerland has reputation for lax laws on assisted suicide .  authorities proposing regulations that would put limits on the the practise .  recent cases have drawn attention to `` suicide tourism .
 christmas : when it was against the law ( opinion ) <sec> val lauder : how and when to celebrate christmas has been debated for centuries .  she writes that puritans objected to `` too merry '' christmases in england .  for 22 years , the massachusetts bay colony banned celebration of christmas .  she says the aftereffects of the ban lingered for centuries in new englan .
 joni mitchell hospitalized <sec> mitchell is best know for her hits `` big yellow taxi '' and `` free man in paris '' .  paramedics came to her los angeles home on tuesday afternoo .
 official : 5 killed as muslims , christians clash in egypt <sec> official : at least five people die as clashes break out in qalyubia province , north of cairo .  muslims are angry because coptic christians drew crosses on a muslim school , he says .  tensions between egypt 's muslim majority and christian minority are hig .
 steve ballmer : from screaming microsoft exec to la clippers owner ? <sec> ballmer was known for screaming and dancing at microsoft meetings .  he signed a binding agreement to buy the los angeles clippers for $ 2 billion .  his estimated worth is $ 20 billion , compared with donald sterling 's $ 2 billion .  ballmer became friends with bill gates at harvard , succeeded him as microsoft ce .
 bag from missing missoni plane found on curacao <sec> small plane carrying vittorio missoni , five others vanished january 4 .  a bag from the plane was found on caribbean island .  officials continue the search off venezuelan coas .
 two palestinians killed in israeli actions <sec> israeli soldiers fired on a man who came too close to the border fence , idf says .  one militant was killed in an israeli airstrike .  fourteen rockets have been fired from gaza into israel this mont .
 why the left fears ann romney <sec> authors : hilary rosen 's criticism of ann romney was unfair and malicious .  they say romney speaks out on behalf of issues important to women .  authors : democrats fear that she resonates with voters skeptical of obama policies .  conservative women are joining the political arena in droves , the authors sa .
 egyptians in tahrir angered by military crackdown <sec> new : one person dies from a gunshot wound and 42 people are detained .  military launches predawn raid on tahrir protesters .  the demonstrators are seeking the prosecution of former president hosni mubarak .  they are also unhappy with the military 's secretive 20-man counci .
 cyber attack hit french finance ministry , government says <sec> the ministry faced a large-scale attack in december , a minister says .  g20 documents seem to have been the target .  paris hosted a g20 summit last mont .
 ferguson shooting : city remains calm for another day <sec> streets remain calm for protest march .  businesses reopen as city becomes more tranquil .  hundreds attend peaceful march led by the naacp .  for the first time in days , no arrests are mad .
 the european champions league final <sec> european champions league final will see two of the continent 's giant clubs meet in madrid .  clash will pitch portugal 's jose mourinho and holland 's louis van gaal in a head-to-head .  cnn will build up to the big match with pedro pinto and alex thomas live from madrid at 1600 gm .
 aid workers describe devastation from pakistan floods <sec> thousands of people are sleeping on muddy roads .  hundreds of thousands are suffering from contagious illnesses .  pakistan 's prime minister is set to meet with officials about the health crisi .
 five dead in georgia flooding ; governor declares emergency <sec> georgia 's governor declares emergency in 17 counties .  girl who was swept from father 's arms is among five killed in georgia .  person in tennessee swept into rushing water , presumed drowned , official says .  hundreds of roads closed , official says ; more rain expected before finally endin .
 what killed frank branham ? <sec> mccullom lake , a small community in illinois , has seen 30 brain cancer cases .  some residents point finger at rohm and haas plant , which denies making anyone sick .  no agency has concluded any resident was exposed to dangerous chemicals .  joanne branham 's case is the first to go to trial , with jury selection set to begin this wee .
 rail 's handling of tsa should be a model <sec> the transportation security administration has special teams to protect trains .  vipr teams , which started in 2005 , have made mistakes , don phillips says .  phillips : amtrak should train and closely monitor vipr railroad team .
 u.s. providing weapons to somali government , officials say <sec> state department : weapons for fighting al qaeda-linked islamic militants .  weapons shipments are in accordance with u.n. security resolutions , kelly says .  there is growing concern that somalia could be the next base for al qaed .
 indonesian muslims protest obama 's planned visit <sec> new : indonesia is the world 's largest muslim country , a think tank says .  obama spent part of his childhood in indonesia .  protesters include women and children .  `` obama and bush , they both oppress muslims , '' says a spokesma .
 wolfgang puck : 'cooking is like painting ' <sec> puck arrived in l.a. in a blue 1967 cadillac , driving five days from the midwest .  the city 's melting pot of cultures has helped inspire his cuisine .  many of hollywood 's biggest names come to dine in his restaurant .
 supply route for nato convoys opened in pakistan <sec> a border crossing was closed after u.s. helicopter strikes across the border killed two pakistani soldiers .  the pakistani taliban has claimed responsibility for numerous convoy attacks .  such convoys are generally operated by pakistani firms , using local trucks and driver .
 navy stealth destroyer uss zumwalt designed for video-game generation <sec> navy 's new destroyer uss zumwalt boasts operations center bristling with new technology .  advanced workstations allow one sailor to do the work of several on older warships .  although the zumwalt is the navy 's largest destroyer , it has a small minimum crew of about 130 .  the operations center is designed to be used by the video-game generatio .
 source : u.s. embassy closure followed terror threat <sec> united states ' decision to close its embassy came after intelligence warned of al qaeda attack .  britain 's foreign office also cited security concerns after closing its embassy in sanaa .  france , japan , spain also halted service at the consulate section of their embassies .  attempted bombing of u.s.-bound plane reportedly linked to al qaeda unit based in yeme .
 hamilton triumphs in abu dhabi as world champion vettel spins out <sec> lewis hamilton wins only his third grand prix of the formula one season in abu dhabi .  world champion sebastian vettel retires on first lap of the race after a puncture .  ferrari 's fernando alonso is second with hamilton 's mclaren teammate jenson button third .  vettel 's lead in the drivers ' championship reduced to 119 points from button in secon .
 'top gear ' host jeremy clarkson begs forgiveness amid n-word row <sec> jeremy clarkson asks forgiveness for using the n-word on a shoot .  the `` top gear '' host mumbled the word while reciting a nursery rhyme ; it was n't aired .  he says he did everything in his power to ensure that the footage was not used .  bbc : `` we have left him in no doubt about how seriously we view this .
 tate porcelain seeds 'could damage health ' <sec> visitors stopped from walking on carpet of seeds .  interaction with porcelain seeds generating too much dust , says tate modern .  ai famous for co-designing beijing 's `` bird 's nest '' stadium .  also well-known blogger and outspoken critic of chinese governmen .
 libyan leaders may face arrest warrants for alleged war crimes <sec> new : the u.s. is making available an additional $ 6.5 million for emergency assistance .  an international criminal court report cites `` reasonable grounds '' .  arrests `` will contribute to the protection of civilians in libya , '' it says .  the u.s. ambassador to the u.n. warns those around gadhafi of tying their fate to hi .
 terrorist wanted in algerian attack charged in new york <sec> 3 americans died in a brazen attack on a gas facility earlier this year .  federal prosecutors charge an algerian islamist fighter with crimes related to the attack .  the man , mokhtar belmokhtar , is founder of the group that claimed responsibility for the attack .  belmokhtar is being sought internationall .
 jon and kate plus hate ? ways to deal with common relationship stress <sec> jon and kate gosselin 's marital problems are what audience likely can relate to .  even without eight children , all couples encounter tension in relationships .  five trigger points have tested jon and kate ; tips on preventing the stressor .
 new jersey considers 'snookiville law ' <sec> proposal would let townships impose fees on reality tv productions .  the legislation is named for `` jersey shore '' star nicole `` snooki '' polizzi .  law would make sure taxpayers `` do n't get 'snook'-ered , '' assemblyman says .  shows could be made to pay for extra police patrolling when shows are tape .
 10 permanently blinded in botched surgeries at indian 'eye camp ' <sec> at least 10 patients have been blinded by botched cataract surgery at a free `` eye camp '' in india .  officials say the camp was illegal and a police report has been filed against organizers .  free health camps are commonplace in india , bringing healthcare to poor rural people .  but a rash of recent incidents has brought the camps under increased scrutin .
 frustrated florida panhandle counties find bp 's checks not in the mail <sec> florida panhandle counties waiting on checks from bp .  counties have elaborate plans to block oil but need bp money to make plans reality .  officials say reimbursement system keeps changing .  `` we just need them to show me the money , '' says one officia .
 tyler hadley pleads no contest in florida hammer slayings of parents <sec> tyler hadley killed parents in 2011 , then held party , authorities say .  hadley , 17 at time of killings , could be sentenced to life in prison .  hadley had previously pleaded not guilty , was weeks from going to tria .
 argentina begin life post-maradona ; france beaten in blanc 's bow <sec> argentina beat ireland 1-0 in team 's first match since diego maradona 's reign ended .  new france coach laurent blanc suffers 2-1 defeat in norway after axing world cup 23 .  world champions spain and runners-up netherlands held to 1-1 draws .  world cup hosts south africa beat quarterfinalists ghana 1-0 in johannesbur .
 'bioshock infinite ' postponed until 2013 <sec> `` bioshock infinite '' will now be released on february 23 , 2013 , instead of this coming october .  creative director : delay necessary `` to give our talented team the time they need '' .  fans have been waiting for the next creation in the `` bioshock '' universe since 201 .
 venezuela to give island to new jersey <sec> petty 's island , a 300-acre island in delaware river , will be given to new jersey .  venezuelan-owned citgo petroleum corp. bought island for fuel storage facility .  activities on island will be limited to hiking and bike riding , governor 's office says .  venezuela announces gift as part of earth day celebratio .
 3 tied to drug cartels sentenced for torture in atlanta <sec> 3 men linked to cartels kidnapped and tortured man over drug debt , authorities say .  victim was found gagged , chained in basement in atlanta suburb .  the three convicted kidnappers got sentences of 20+ years in federal prison .  atlanta is stopping point for mexican drug cartel shipments , authorities sa .
 no ruling in case spurred by ny judge 's second thoughts <sec> decision on the verdict against donald kagan put off until september 22 .  judge in 1999 case has shed doubt on the murder conviction he handed down .  he now says he was racially biased against the defendant , prompting review .  `` it 's not fair , '' says girlfriend of wavell wint , who was shot by kagan during a figh .
 canadian doctor says la arson suspect was diagnosed with mental disorders <sec> a canadian doctor says she was part of a team that examined harry burkhart in 2010 .  the team included a psychiatrist , the canadian doctor says .  the diagnosis was `` autism , severe anxiety , post-traumatic stress disorder and depression '' .  burkhart is facing 37 counts of arson in a string of fires in los angele .
 would go-alone scotland be richer outside uk ? <sec> business and economy is at the top of the agenda ahead of the scottish independence referendum .  scotland 's access to oil pushes its gdp per person to 115 % of the uk 's .  strong scottish exports , both internationally and to the rest of the uk , drive the econom .
 u.s. designates boko haram as terrorist organization <sec> boko haram , ansaru designated as terrorist organizations by the u.s . .  that means the u.s. can freeze assets , restrict travel , go after backers .  boko haram is blamed for attacks in nigeria , may have bigger aspirations .  ansaru is an offshoot of boko haram that 's accused of kidnappings , mor .
 review : 'going the distance ' a rare romantic comedy <sec> `` going the distance '' is quite contemporary , but the wistful retro vibe is no accident .  barrymore and long have the right chemistry ; they act out the rhythms of companionship .  the movie is free of the plot twists that drive most romantic comedie .
 elizabeth warren joins senate democratic leadership <sec> warren and two other women senators joined the senate democratic leadership team .  reid said he picked warren for the leadership `` to be elizabeth warren '' .  reid said women have improved the senate 's effectivenes .
 romney seeks advantage from controversial comments <sec> new : mitt romney says president obama pushes government dependency .  obama tells david letterman a president has to `` work for everyone '' .  romney 's leaked remarks get more attention on facebook than his convention address .  paul ryan calls romney 's remarks `` inarticulate '' but insists they make a poin .
