 golfer falls just short in bid to record first 59 on european tour <sec> scotland 's scott jamieson misses out on a historic 59 at the portugal masters .  needing a birdie on the final hole to shoot the 59 , he had to settle for par .  jamieson moved into contention at the tournament , tied for second behind paul waring .  earlier this year , jim furyk became the sixth player on the pga tour to tally a 5 .
 'train-addicted ' swiss on track for rail revamp <sec> last year , the average swiss person traveled about 2,000 miles by rail .  each day 350,000 people use zurich 's central train station .  zurich 's new cross-city rail link is switzerland 's biggest urban project .  cross-city link could double the station 's capacit .
 woodstock at 45 : still stardust , still golden <sec> the fabled woodstock music and art fair took place 45 years ago this week .  there were massive crowds and bands like the grateful dead .  despite rain and lack of food , water and working toilets , it really was `` 3 days of peace & music .
 'star wars : episode vii ' : want to be in the movie ... ? <sec> a walk on role is being raffled for charity .  the money will go to unicef .  entries start at $ 1 .
 madrid get season back on track with impressive supercup win <sec> real madrid beat barcelona on away goals to take first trophy of season .  explosive first 30 minutes prove too much for tito vilanova 's barcelona side .  gonzalo higuain and cristiano ronaldo on target for los blancos .  luka modric makes debut for jose mourinho 's sid .
 who sounds alarm on spread of polio <sec> polio has spread to three countries this year .  it 's typically the low season for transmission of the virus .  pakistan , syria and cameroon are urged to put measures into place .  417 cases of polio were reported worldwide in 2013 , who say .
 cambodia 's dark past on show <sec> cambodia does n't hide from its brutal past , with evidence of pol pot 's regime on show at tuol sleng and the killing fields .  khmer rouge attempt to create an agrarian utopia left an estimated 1.7 million people dead .  tuol sleng 's former chief , comrade duch , already sentenced to life in prison , other senior khmer rouge officials await trial .
 prince william , catherine mix business , pleasure in california <sec> prince william competes in a polo competition saturday .  aspiring british actors mingle with the royal couple saturday night .  william and catherine visit with young artists on skid row sunday .  the royal newlyweds spend three days in southern californi .
 profile : cristiano ronaldo <sec> ronaldo voted fifa world player of the year and european player of year .  he has also represented portugal at the both world and european finals .  ronaldo was signed by manchester united from sporting lisbon in 2003 .  23-year-old scored 42 goals in all competitions for his club in 2007/8 seaso .
 hannah graham suspect jesse matthew cleared in old case <sec> jesse matthew is suspected of killing uva student hannah graham last year .  authorities looked into other similar cases after his arrest .  a prosecutor now rules out any connection to a 2013 homicid .
 tennessee player dismissed after bar brawl that left officer injured <sec> new : university of tennessee football coach dismisses one player , suspends two .  off-duty police officer who tried to intervene in a bar fight in stable condition .  police : members of the university of tennessee football team are suspects in the fight .  star recruit darick rogers is charged with disorderly conduct and resisting arres .
 iran talks show promise , but deadline unlikely <sec> talks between western diplomats and iran regarding its nuclear program are showing progress .  the talks have a deadline for a deal of monday that appears unlikely to be met .  one issue remains is how many centrifuges is iran allowed to keep .  both the u.s. and iran are facing political headwinds from hom .
 first xi : noughties soccer villains <sec> fanzone reflects on some of the most controversial and unsavory incidents of the last decade .  the leading stars of the `` beautiful game '' have often let themselves down with moments of soccer madness .  topping the list is zinedine zidane 's infamous headbutt in the 2006 world cup final -- do you agree with our other selections .
 police : couple nurtured virtual child while real baby starved <sec> couple spent hours in online game where they raised a virtual child , police say .  meanwhile , they fed their real baby once a day , say police in south korea .  the 3-month-old girl died of starvation , police say ; couple arrested last week .  father says he 's sorry : `` i wish ... she will live well in heaven forever .
 many injured in indian kashmir city blast <sec> 12 people injured in an explosion near a highway overpass in indian kashmir .  blast was near indian-controlled kashmir government 's main building .  it is unclear if it was the result of a car bomb or a pre-planted roadside bomb .  no one has claimed responsibility for the attac .
 facebook , twitter users beware : crooks are a mouse click away <sec> the fbi reports nearly 3,200 account hijacking cases since 2006 .  online scam losses amounting to $ 264.6 million reported in 2008 .  facebook has automated systems that detect compromised accounts .  myspace.com creates blacklists of phony account .
 raz b coma report was a hoax , manager says <sec> new : the singer 's brother says he had been `` misled by unknown reasons '' .  the singer was hurt in a china nightclub brawl but not seriously , manager says .  dozens of media outlets echoed the original hoax report over the weekend .  cnn chose not to report the story because details could not be confirme .
 22-year-old charged with murder in uk soldier 's hacking death <sec> new : lee rigby 's fiancee says she 's `` devastated '' and `` moved '' by tributes to him .  adebowale was one of two wounded , arrested right after the may 22 attack .  he 's charged with murder and unlawful possession of a firearm , police say .  he was discharged from a hospital tuesday , and will appear in court thursda .
 egypt takes lead in gaza cease-fire talks <sec> cairo is focus of efforts to reach a lasting gaza cease-fire .  egyptian officials express optimism that a deal is near .  hamas needs to show gaza residents that it has won concessions , analysts say .  turkey and qatar working on a different formula for a cease-fire , diplomats sa .
 high court rejects death row appeals from texas <sec> the justices turned aside charles hood 's challenge of his conviction .  after the trial his lawyers learned of an affair between the trial judge and the prosecutor .  various state courts rejected the assertion the affair cost hood a fair tria .
 rescued cleveland women 'happy and safe , ' attorneys say <sec> amanda berry , michelle knight and georgina `` gina '' dejesus are still healing , they say .  lawyers call outpouring of public support `` nothing short of remarkable '' .  they say the women are thankful for $ 650,000 from more than 6,800 donors .  the women were rescued this month after allegedly being held captive for close to a decad .
 that # ! & ! $ other driver ! <sec> traffic snarls blamed for causing much of road rage .  road rage worse in big cities on east , west coasts .  aaa : do n't engage the angry driver , dial 911 for help .  professor : back seat is `` road rage nursery .
 fbi analyst sentenced for spying <sec> man passed classified documents to foes of philippines president .  leandro aragoncillo is ex-marine , former aide to two u.s. vice presidents .  conspiracy to transmit national defense information could have brought 20 years .  second man sentenced tuesday to six years in same conspirac .
 marco rubio , which life is it anyway ? <sec> ruben navarrette : gop `` rock star '' marco rubio has warring details in his life story .  he says there are conflicts in when rubio says parents left cuba and when they actually did .  he says latino friends doubt rubio 's explanation : cuban emigres know when they left .  navarrette : only reason it 's an issue is because rubio is real threat to democat .
 california sued over requiring sikh inmate to cut beard <sec> justice department says the inmate has the right to practice his religion .  the inmate grooming policy burdened the inmate 's religious rights , justice said .  `` even those incarcerated '' have the right to practice their religions , an attorney say .
 trick or treat ? canada seizes cocaine-filled pumpkins at airport <sec> canadian officials seize the pumpkins from a passenger 's bag .  officers at the airport have made 173 drug seizures so far this yea .
 health risks prompt recall of mamey ice cream <sec> montalvan 's sales inc. of ontario , california , voluntarily recalls the product .  the ice cream was distributed in nevada and california .  frozen mamey fruit pulp is thought linked to a recent outbreak of typhoid feve .
 army patrolling streets in wake of tunisian president 's departure <sec> new : ghannouchi calls ben ali 's return `` impossible '' .  new : army appears to be wielding the most power .  military manning checkpoints in the streets of the tunisian capital .  ben ali welcomed in jeddah by the king of saudi arabi .
 are unions still a political force for latino voters ? <sec> unions in the west play dual role for many latinos : professional training and political activism .  they have helped members navigate the path to u.s. citizenship .  republicans , democrats are battling over who gets to represent the fastest growing u.s. grou .
 instagram backtracks after user privacy revolt <sec> new : instagram backtracks on controversial privacy language .  language appeared to let the app sell users ' images for advertising .  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg 's wedding photographer called it unfair .  new : instagram co-founder : `` it is not our intention to sell your photos .
 'dawn of the planet of the apes ' gets strong early buzz <sec> `` dawn of the planet of the apes '' has strong early reviews .  the movie is the sequel to 2011 's surprise hit `` rise of the planet of the apes '' .  critics praise the performances , direction and digital work .  the movie opens july 1 .
 tiger woods rues late lapses at bay hill <sec> tiger woods four shots off lead in bay hill title defense after more late mistakes .  he dropped two strokes at end of opening round and another three on friday .  woods tied for seventh as bill haas joins justin rose at top of leaderboard .  ernie els , phil mickelson and brandt snedeker among those who miss the cu .
 put down that doughnut : fda takes on trans fats <sec> the fda takes a first step toward eliminating artificial trans fat in the food supply .  the agency says partially hydrogenated oils are not `` generally recognized as safe '' .  the oils can be found in processed foods including desserts and coffee creame .
 snow forces closure of france-luxembourg border <sec> thousands of air travelers are stranded at frankfurt 's airport .  french commuters are urged not to drive unless absolutely necessary .  the eiffel tower reopen .
 the most popular baby names are ... <sec> jacob and sophia were top baby names in 2012 , social security administration says .  jacob has topped the list since 1999 ; sophia since 2011 .  arya , the name of a `` game of thrones '' character , is rising fast for girl .
 mexican comic-book character called racist <sec> wal-mart pulls popular mexican books after shopper complains .  memin pinguin has been cherished in mexico for generations .  characters ' features insult blacks , say activist and shopper .  stories teach valuable lessons about life , defender maintain .
 lauryn hill releases song in support of ferguson <sec> hill has performed the song in concert .  she is just one of several artists to lend support .  `` sleepy hollow '' star offered bullet bucket challen .
 barcelona ready to hit back after transfer ban appeal fails <sec> barcelona 's appeal against transfer ban dismissed by court of arbitration of sport .  club found guilty of breaching fifa rules on the transfer of players under 18 .  barcelona says it could make fresh appea .
 opinion : 317 million reasons to love obamacare <sec> sally kohn : there are more than 317 million reasons to celebrate obamacare .  kohn : with 6 million sign-ups , the young , poor , elderly and chronically ill all benefit .  she says americans want to keep obamacare and fix it rather than get rid of it .  kohn : over time , not even the most partisan republicans will be able to attack i .
 it 's she-ra 2.0 : the dramatic beginning <sec> new she-ra comic is a revamp of the story about how the princess of power came to be .  digital release is a dark twist on she-ra 's origin .  artist : `` she-ra is iconic . .  she stood , and stands , as a strong and good-hearted character .
 flirtatious e-mails fill al-assad 's inbox <sec> leaked messages reveal women 's affection for syrian president .  one sent a photograph allegedly showing herself in skimpy underwear .  al-assad would rather flirt with his wife , however , messages sho .
 rubik 's cube enters toy hall of fame <sec> national toy hall of fame inducted three toys from 12 finalists on november 6 .  rubik 's cube , bubbles and little green army men received the honor in 2014 .  other finalists included american girl dolls , slip 'n slide , pots and pan .
 u.s. warns russia not to intervene in ukraine <sec> kerry and lavrov discuss measures to `` prevent an impeding humanitarian catastrophe '' .  pro-russian separatists to consider humanitarian cease-fire .  the ongoing fighting has killed close to 1,400 people -- civilians and combatant .
 tnt cancels frank darabont 's 'mob city ' <sec> frank darabont 's `` mob city '' has been canceled at tnt .  the three-week tv event premiered to disappointing results .  tnt has decided not to order more episode .
 obama bans new mining claims near the grand canyon <sec> the 20-year ban affects more than 1 million acres of public land .  the area is rich in uranium .  environmentalists cheer the decision as a way to protect the park and water supplies .  arizona gov . .  jan brewer says it will stall economic growt .
 bring u.s. military in line with new reality <sec> jon huntsman : presidents must place priority on protecting america .  he says new threats and budget cuts will make the task harder for next presidency .  huntsman says smarter strategy could enable u.s. to make do with fewer troops , bases .  he says america alone can not police the worl .
 opinion : why is gop going after social security ? <sec> paul waldman : rule change adopted by new republican congress could end up cutting social security disability benefits .  he says it 's part of gop 's perennial attack on social security as unsustainable , but there are better ways to fi .
 weight loss success : firefighter drops 40 pounds <sec> joe van veldhuizen felt like his weight was holding him back from his job as a firefighter .  the 6-footer weighed 250 before exercising .  gradually he lost 40 pounds and now runs ironman race .
 2013 house gop budget raises 2012 stakes <sec> new : romney praises house gop budget plan .  gop budget includes big changes in medicare , tax code .  democrats say the plan will hurt the elderly and middle class .  democrats argue the plan is a betrayal of last year 's deficit reduction dea .
 kyron horman 's dad accuses stepmom of contempt , affair <sec> documents allege terri horman violated terms of restraining order against her .  kaine horman alleges estranged wife engaged in affair with his high school classmate .  papers say terri horman gave alleged lover access to information in restraining order .  7-year-old kyron horman went missing june .
 catalunya agrees new five-year deal to stage motogp <sec> circuit de catalunya near barcelona will host a motogp grand prix until 2016 .  the race track has been a venue for the motorcycle discipline since 1992 .  the motogp season continues this weekend with the netherlands grand pri .
 survey : cadillac escalade suv is the car thieves love to steal <sec> the highway loss data institute calculates the theft rate of recent models .  the cadillac escalade suv tops the list .  the chevrolet silverado and the dodge charger take second and thir .
 twitter testing profile pages that look like facebook <sec> twitter is testing a major redesign to users ' profile pages .  new look slides the profile picture and bio to the left and enlarges the header photo .  it 's common for twitter to quietly test new features and design update .
 red crescent official , priest killed in syria <sec> red crescent , red cross want inquiry into humanitarian official 's death .  more than 20 other people , including a priest , died in clampdown , opposition says .  world powers are working to stop the violence .  russia calls for an end to violence `` wherever it is coming from .
 ferguson protesters want students , employees to walk out <sec> at least 60 walkout events planned around the country in solidarity with ferguson .  walkouts were planned at 12:01 p.m. ct , which is the time michael brown was sho .
 pressure on daschle reaches tipping point <sec> new : political climate tripped up daschle , says cnn 's ed henry .  source says daschle was worried about what his confirmation would do to obama .  senators say they did not see the withdrawal coming .  daschle 's nomination questioned due to tax problems , work in recent year .
 one week later : the daunting recovery in oklahoma <sec> new : a man finds $ 2,000 buried in the rubble of his destroyed home .  a huge public memorial sunday `` was probably the start of healing for the community '' .  moore 's public schools suffered $ 45 million in damage .  obama visits disaster-stricken areas and calls for donations to the american red cros .
 drogba double puts chelsea back on top <sec> chelsea reclaim lead in english premier league with 2-0 win over title hopefuls arsenal .  didier drogba nets both goals to take his tally against london rivals to 12 from 12 games .  captain john terry , stripped of england armband , sets up first for ivory coast forward .  birmingham move up to eighth place with 2-1 derby victory at home to wolverhampto .
 house passes bill taxing wall street bonuses <sec> new : house passes measure to recoup bonuses with a vote of 328-93 .  bill would tax bonuses of people in firms that received at least $ 5 billion in bailout .  people with incomes over $ 250,000 who received bonuses would be taxed at 90 % .  a similar senate bill aims to recoup bonuses by taxing individuals and companie .
 spirit airlines : fliers do n't just hate our airline <sec> spirit airlines finds travelers hate something about most airlines .  spirit 's fees are disliked , but so are other airlines ' seats , service , delays .  spirit ranks no . .  1 in a recent study of airline passenger complaint .
 serena williams to miss australian open through injury <sec> defending champion serena williams pulls out of australian open .  williams has not recovered from foot injury she picked up after stepping on broken glass .  williams has not played since winning wimbledon for the fourth time in jul .
 rescuers pull stranded passengers from six flags ride <sec> new : all 24 passengers are safely on the ground , fire chief says .  the joker 's jinx roller coaster stops on the tracks at six flags america .  six flags spokeswoman : no one is injured , all riders `` are secure '' .  the ride will closed while officials investigate , she say .
 u.s. , britain and canada slap new sanctions on iran <sec> the united states names iran as a `` primary money laundering concern '' .  the sanctions target the country 's petrochemical industry and its oil and gas business .  canada prohibits almost all financial transactions with the iranian government .  british companies must end all banking ties to ira .
 nuke negotiators aim to start crafting iran deal in may <sec> u.s. and allies are looking for a comprehensive deal to curb iran 's nuclear program .  a six-month interim agreement took effect in january ; new round of talks begin next wee .
