 senate democrats block gop bid to repeal health care law <sec> new : all 47 republicans vote for repeal , while democrats unite to defeat them .  the republican proposal fails on a procedural vote .  the senate eliminates a tax rule associated with the health care la .
 report : police failed to pursue leads in 1972 northern ireland bombing <sec> the bombing in claudy killed nine people and wounded 30 .  no one was ever charged in the case .  there have long been suspicions that a priest was involve .
 george lopez for mayor ? <sec> george lopez stars as the voice of grouchy smurf in the new movie `` the smurfs '' .  lopez and his wife of 17 years recently divorced .  `` i was not equipped with a lot of the tools that a person would need to be a partner .
 the spirit of design : designing the perfect consumer <sec> designers now put the consumer , not function , at the heart of new products .  global firm ideo studies customer behavior to influence designs .  hotel chain marriott devised `` home-from-home '' suites for extended-stay guests .  `` keep the change '' credit card rounds up transactions , puts the pennies in saving .
 yemen : sectarian fighting kills dozens <sec> sectarian violence has led to dozens of deaths and hundreds of injuries since last week .  the clashes pit shiite houthi rebels against sunni salafi militants .  the red cross has been unable to access dammaj to treat wounded civilians .  yemen , the most impoverished country in the middle east , faces growing separatist movemen .
 bombing of gadhafi wo n't let up , clinton warns <sec> new : libyan government says use of its assets would be theft .  rebels claim they have retaken southern city .  the u.s. considers seizing gadhafi funds to help libya 's people .  the international organization for migration suspends ships after misrata is shelle .
 commentary : immigrants melting into the pot as usual <sec> navarrette : americans perceive new immigrants as not assimilating .  americans think ancestors got off the boat waving the stars and stripes , he says .  that leads to resentment of current wave of immigrants , he says .  but a recent study says new immigrants are joining the mainstrea .
 chris brown totals car while dodging paparazzi , rep says <sec> chris brown was not injured after crashing into a wall , police say .  he was trying to escape several vehicles , brown 's rep says .  last month , a photographer was killed in traffic after shooting justin bieber 's ca .
 champions league : barcelona sees off manchester city , psg cruises through <sec> barcelona books its place in the quarterfinals of champions league .  lionel messi on target in 2-1 win over manchester city .  paris saint-germain qualifies for last-eight .  french champion defeated bayer leverkuse .
 clinton sharpens attacks on obama <sec> new : spokesman says obama `` does n't need lectures on special interests '' .  sen. hillary clinton accuses sen. barack obama of caving to special interests .  clinton has challenged obama 's ability to deliver on his rhetoric .  clinton supporter james carville says she must win in texas , ohio on march .
 stop vilifying venture capitalists <sec> mitt romney was in charge of bain capital , an investment firm , from 1984 to 1999 .  antony davies : venture capitalists are vilified as money-grubbing opportunists .  davis : venture capitalists generate many jobs by creating new products and businesses .  he says that politicians should put more faith in businesses , including venture capital market .
 medical helicopter crashes kill 3 , hurt 4 and prompt more scrutiny <sec> two medical aircraft crash on wednesday , one in iowa , the other in oklahoma .  the iowa crash killed 3 people , while 4 were injured in oklahoma ; no patients were hurt .  increase in accidents from 2002 to 2005 earned federal attention in 200 .
 1795 revere , adams time capsule opened <sec> appraiser : items could be worth hundreds of thousands of dollars .  coins , newspapers and other objects are removed from time capsule .  the capsule was buried more than two centuries ago by paul revere , samuel adam .
 aaron hernandez fiancée says she was told to remove box <sec> aaron hernandez is on trial in the death of odin lloyd .  his fiancée has pleaded not guilty to perjury charge .
 opinion : 'african women need a hand-up not a hand-out ' <sec> caroline mukoto is a well-known and sometimes controversial radio personality in africa .  she believes that providing for women of africa , provides for nations .  lists education , hope and access to health care among top five things women nee .
 what yahoo ceo 's false bio tell us about resume fraud <sec> yahoo ceo scott thompson has come under fire for lying about his academic degrees .  melinda blackman : `` groupthink '' may be a culprit in the hiring process of thompson .  she says thompson 's case raises larger issue of resume fraud .  blackman : vetting a job candidate thoroughly can be time consuming , but it 's importan .
 'low winter sun ' canceled by amc <sec> amc canceled `` low winter sun '' after a single season .  the show premiered in august .  amc has at least five dramas on tap for 201 .
 interest , meet pinterest : site helps users catalog their passions <sec> on pinterest , users can organize images into individual `` boards '' .  thanks to media reports and the passion of users , there 's been a lot of buzz around pinterest .  co-founder ben silbermann : pinterest `` creates an online catalog '' that is `` handpicked '' .  it 's `` a great tool for designers looking for new and different content , '' jeanine hays say .
 mazar helps los angeles homeless get back on their feet <sec> actress debi mazar has raised money for the midnight mission , a los angeles food bank .  mazar said the organization does more than feed people ; it also gives them a fresh start .  mazar said she came from humble beginnings , too : `` i grew up on food stamps .
 preparing for tsunami debris , wherever it may make landfall <sec> last year 's earthquake and tsunami sent tons of debris into pacific ocean .  a portion of that headed east for alaska , hawaii , west coast .  officials are receiving reports of items coming ashore .  it 's difficult to predict exactly the pat .
 ferguson : protesters gather in small numbers <sec> new : the group congregates outside police headquarters in ferguson .  atf is investigating possible arson at michael brown sr. 's church .  `` we are all on the same page to make our community whole , '' says state patrol captain .  protesters flip a police car and break windows tuesday , but damage is less than monda .
 'dumb and dumber ' sequel finds new home <sec> universal pictures has picked up distribution rights for `` dumb and dumber to '' .  warner bros. had previously dropped the sequel to 1994 's `` dumb and dumber '' .  peter and bobby farrelly will return to direct , and also did a rewrite on the script .  stars jim carrey and jeff daniels are expected to reprise their original role .
 opinion : gop turns its back on the hungry <sec> paul begala : as we gorge at thanksgiving , gop house wants to cut food stamps for millions .  he says snap gives a small amount of money to the very poor ; comes out to $ 1.50 a meal .  gop rep. fincher , who voted to cut , got $ 3.48 million in farm taxpayer subsidies , he says .  begala : economists say food stamps spur economic growth ; gop should restore the .
 is this the fastest flying woman on earth ? <sec> ellen brennan is a 26-year-old `` wingsuit flier '' .  she is the only female competitor in the world wingsuit league .  she flies at up to 200kph , wearing just a synthetic `` wingsuit '' .  the sport is one of the most dangerous in the worl .
 what 's wrong with the dreamliner ? <sec> new : japanese authorities say battery experienced a sudden drop in voltage .  u.s. aviation officials evaluating data as part of investigation of 787 problems .  dreamliners were grounded last week after fire in boston , another incident in japan .  fifty dreamliners in service globally , but boeing has orders for several hundre .
 bodies of toddlers , father found in georgia <sec> new : children 's mother says eddie harrington had threatened the kids before .  harrington was last seen in columbus , georgia , march 5 .  police say he was depressed , threatened to kill kids .  he took twin girls , 23 months , and boy , 3 , from their hom .
 'oh my god ! ' callers recount navy jet crash <sec> new : `` a navy plane just went down on 24th street , '' a caller told dispatchers .  new : `` oh my god ! .  it 's like something keeps exploding , '' another woman told 911 .  seven people , including two pilots , were injured , but no one died in the crash .  the service will compensate people whose homes were destroye .
 report on handling h1n1 cases : use masks with airtight seals <sec> panel recommends health care workers wear n95 respirators for h1n1 patients .  n95 respirators form an airtight seal around the nose and mouth .  they filter out at least 95 percent of particles as small as 0.3 micrometers .  report says it is not known to what extent flu viruses spread through the ai .
 tsunami watch lifted after two big earthquakes <sec> new : four slightly injured on simeulue island .  thailand announces evacuations along the andaman coast .  an 8.2-magnitude aftershock strikes , followed by a series of smaller quakes .  there were no immediate reports of destruction or death .
 meet the people who are percolating in the coffee party <sec> freshly brewed coffee party movement kicks off with global gathering saturday .  group calls for civility , end of obstructionism , accountability by politicians .  planning meeting shows diversity in political , racial , socioeconomic backgrounds .  `` we have a lot more in common than we realize , '' one atlanta participant say .
 central african republic rebels , president to form unity government <sec> central african republic rebels launched an offensive last month , upset at their president .  they had overtaken several towns in the nation 's north and threatened the capital , bangui .  under the peace agreement , the rebels and opposition party leaders will pick a prime minister .  eu and u.n. officials laud deal , but say sides must address other issues for a lasting peac .
 kenneth bae urges u.s. to help secure his release in north korea <sec> kenneth bae 's family apologizes to north korea on his behalf .  bae -- still being held in north korea -- says he committed a `` serious crime '' .  the country has a long history of forcing false confessions .  recently released merrill newman said his confession was false and force .
 slain hostage luke somers was a friend to yemen <sec> former professor says somers was good writer , very curious .  somers , 33 , was born in the united kingdom but was an american citizen .  he was a freelance photographer with work published by al jazeera , bbc .  somers is the third u.s. journalist killed in captivity by mideast terrorists this yea .
 elvis ' ghost haunts michael jackson death trial <sec> jackson family lawyers invoke elvis 's drug use to make a point in death case .  elvis presley 's doctor was acquitted on charges of over-prescribing drugs .  lisa marie presley is on the jacksons ' witness list .  `` i am afraid that i am going to end up like him , the way he did , '' jackson told elvis 's daughte .
 gop aims to avoid shutdown <sec> new : some conservatives pressing for changes to gop plan .  republicans are working on a plan that would avert a government shutdown .  gop could vote on the plan next week .  congress must act before dec. 11 to avoid a shutdow .
 'lucy ' slays 'hercules ' with $ 44 million debut <sec> `` lucy '' is a career high for scarlett johansson as lead .  `` hercules '' took second place with an estimated $ 29 million .  this weekend was down 13 percent from last yea .
 kenya orphanage takes in elephant babies <sec> conservation groups have seen an influx of wildlife .  scores of animals are orphaned by drought , poaching and shrinking habitats .  david sheldrick foundation makes room for all the elephants that come its wa .
 amanda knox judge explains murder acquittal <sec> new : knox 's family issues statement praising the `` proclamation of her innocence '' .  judge : prosecutors did n't prove knox and raffaele sollecito killed meredith kercher .  the two were acquitted of murder in october after appealing an earlier conviction .  prosecutors will probably appeal the acquittal , one tells cn .
 45 dead , more than 260,000 displaced in philippines flooding <sec> flash floods and landslides have left 45 dead in the philippines in recent days .  more than 55,000 families , or 260,000 people , have been displaced by the storm .  most of the deaths were by drowning or in landslides .  the heavy rains were brought by tropical depression agaton , which has now dissipate .
 raided safe is latest incident to strike discord on bieber tour <sec> new : the teen heartthrob has had a tour full of controversy and troubles .  thieves broke into a south africa stadium after justin bieber performed , police say .  they likely broke through a bathroom roof to access the area , police spokesman says .  the thieves stole millions of rand from a walk-in safe , police sa .
 review : 'gangster squad ' offers a thin gloss on la crime <sec> josh brolin , sean penn , ryan gosling and emma stone star in `` gangster squad '' .  the film is inspired by paul lieberman 's series for the los angeles times .  critic says brolin , gosling buddy dynamic never snaps into plac .
 two dead after shooting inside mississippi police station <sec> new : two killed are detective eric smith and murder suspect jeremy powell , police say .  he was interviewing a murder suspect inside police headquarters .  detectives overheard gunshots , went into the room and found the suspect and detective dead .  mississippi bureau of investigation is leading the probe into what happene .
 jack dorsey , the billionaire who believes in small business <sec> twitter co-founder jack dorsey is promoting his new business , square , across north america .  cnn 's maggie lake caught up with dorsey in toronto to hear his plans to upend commerce .  dorsey said he wants to make commerce frictionless , allowing businesses time to expand .  his comments come as twitter , which is valued at up to $ 11 billion , prepares to go publi .
 immigration reform : start with small steps <sec> john skrentny : immigration reformers must scale back ; they ca n't get everything at once .  1986 act tying legalization and border control failed ; wo n't work today , he writes .  skrentny says start with the strongest claims to legalization : students and soldiers .  author supports bipartisan dream act , which offers `` mini-bargains '' for legalizatio .
 dubai airshow sees record $ 192 billion in orders on frenzied first day <sec> more than $ 160 billion in orders by gulf airlines agreed in first three hours .  boeing and airbus strike huge deals with region 's big three -- etihad , emirates qatar airways .  emirates signs $ 76b deal with boeing for 150 of new wide-bodied 777x airline .
 opinion : dennis rodman 's basketball diplomacy with north korea <sec> dennis rodman and n. korea agreed to two games between u.s. and n. korean players .  daniel pinkston : rodman has built up trust with leader of an isolated and paranoid country .  he says with the extreme scarcity of trust on the korean peninsula , the games are a good start .  pinkston : denying civil society engagement with n. korea wo n't solve any problem .
 'chuck norris ' does the splits between two planes <sec> a spoof video shows a likeness of chuck norris doing the splits .  a hungarian company made the video .  it 's unclear whether the actor was involved .  last month a video showed jean-claude van damme doing the splits between truck .
 joni 's june event : bikes and a pig roast <sec> joni ernst to host a harley-themed pork roast .  june event could draw many 2016 presidential candidate .
 indications files deleted closer to final malaysian airline flight <sec> u.s. investigators found evidence files deleted even after february 3 .  leading u.s. theory is disappearance was result of accident .  u.s. has compiled profile of pilot and co-pilo .
 court 's ruling a 'frankenstein 's monster ' <sec> ilya shapiro : high court rejected notion that mandate justified under commerce clause .  but it justified it instead under taxation power ; this is constitutional excess , he says .  he says in doing this , the court illegitimately rewrote the health reform act to save it .  shapiro : justices should be applying the constitution . .  to fix this , ball is now in voters ' cour .
 can iphone and ipad be made in the usa ? <sec> clyde prestowitz : debate shows neither candidate understands details of global trade dynamics .  prestowitz : the major value of iphones is in the semiconductors and other key parts .  he says u.s. producers do n't know how to make these key components anymore .  prestowitz : if we want high-wage jobs in the u.s. , we need a competitive strateg .
 peru 's pregnant women dying at 'scandalous ' rates <sec> new amnesty report says peru 's poor pregnant women dying of neglect .  peru has one of the highest rates of maternal mortality in the americas .  in wealthy developed nations , only 9 women die for every 100,000 births .  problems faced include a lack of health staff who speak indigenous language .
 7 billion reasons to empower women <sec> population has tripled in ted turner 's life and is growing exponentially .  turner : we must assure that children will be born in a safe world with food , water for all .  women want access to contraception for their families , health and their babies , he says .  turner : international family planning funds are crucial , cuts cost more in long ru .
 6 ways vine 's six seconds may change twitter <sec> with vine , twitter adds video to its short bursts of text .  the new app could spur more creativity among twitter users .  it also might lead to lots of boring little videos in your feed .  the launch may crown vine as the leader in the `` instagram for video '' rac .
 opinion : be patient , the afghans will counter karzai <sec> omar samad : most afghans upset at karzai 's balking at deal to let some troops stay on .  samad : karzai jockeying to protect his political , financial interests after his term ends .  he says afghans worry about security but also want to keep the gains of the past 12 years .  samad : afghans will deal with karzai ; u.s. must be patient and promote democratic reform .
 kidnap victim jaycee dugard talks about her 18 years of terror <sec> jaycee dugard was just 11 when she was abducted .  she gave birth to two children during her 18 years in captivity .  her memoir , `` a stolen life , '' is due in stores on tuesday .  dugard speaks exclusively to abc news ' diane sawye .
 al qaeda wife sends childcare message <sec> omaima hassan ahmad mohammad hassad is wife of ayman al-zawahiri .  purported message says women should not fight , but encourage their children .  message from woman would be unusual move for al qaeda , cnn analyst say .
 hickory syrup a big draw for retired couple <sec> travis and joyce miller started producing hickory syrup as an experiment .  hickory syrup is similar to maple syrup , but it 's smokier and less sweet in taste .  in three years , falling bark farm went from selling 48 bottles of syrup a year to 30,00 .
 german grand prix : rosberg on pole as hamilton crashes <sec> nico rosberg claims his fifth pole of the season at home grand prix in germany .  lewis hamilton crashes out in q1 ; mercedes driver shaken but walks away unscathed .  rosberg current leads drivers championship by four points from hamilto .
 barca wait on messi and ibrahimovic <sec> barcelona sweating on fitness of liionel messi and zlatan ibrahimovic .  barcelona 's leading scorers doubtful for match against inter at nou camp .  defeat to jose mourinho 's men could see barcelona eliminate .
 taliban 'narco-terrorist ' begs for mercy , gets life sentence <sec> khan mohammed convicted of plotting rocket attack , selling heroin .  mohammed the first convicted under law increasing penalties for `` narco-terrorists '' .  citing his family , mohammed cries and pleads with judge to have mercy .  judge says mohammed had `` undiluted hatred for the united states .
 kobani : before and after views <sec> satellite imagery shows the extent of destruction to the syrian border city of kobani .  the city has seen weeks of intense fighting between isis and kurdish fighters .  a u.s.-led coalition has been pounding isis positions in the region from the air .  images show what was an empty field has turned into a makeshift parking lo .
 u.s. open courses you can play <sec> tiger woods won the u.s. open at bethpage black in new york in 2002 . .  you can tee off here for as little as $ 130 .  on the shores of puget sound , chambers bay will host the u.s. open in 2015 . .  you can play it today .  one of the most beautiful courses in the world , pebble beach golf links is open to the publi .
 do economic sanctions 'strengthen your enemy ' ? <sec> sanctions on oil exports from iran are hurting the nation 's economy .  iranian crude sales have dropped 60 % in the past year .  it is hoped that the sanctions will stop iran from developing nuclear weapons .  steve hanke at johns hopkins university warns that sanctions might be counterproductiv .
