 from sheila to sexy : ohio woman changes name <sec> sheila ranea crabtree hated her first name and went by her middle .  at age 41 , the former photographer traded the dreaded moniker for `` sexy '' .  other name contenders included sparkle and sinde .
 give kids social skills to get ahead <sec> social skills are important to form as children to be successful later in life .  teachers , career counselors and hr workers cringe at applicants ' unsocial behavior .  faye rogaski started socialsklz : - ) to teach children better manner .
 turkish jet hijack ends peacefully <sec> two men who hijacked a turkish passenger jet surrender to authorities .  atlasjet flight bound for istanbul was forced to make emergency landing .  hijackers claimed to have a bomb as the plane left cyprus , witnesses claim .  four passengers , two crew members had been taken hostag .
 opinion : why so many parents hate common core <sec> diane ravitch : education department should not push common core standards .  ravitch : just 31 % of n.y. students passed because standards unrealistic .  ravitch : teachers are not prepared to teach them ; parents do n't like them .  field-testing should have been done , she says , not fast implementatio .
 inside the ebola outbreak with the cdc <sec> the cdc has sent nine people to lagos , nigeria , to fight the ebola outbreak .  the world health organization says nigeria has 12 suspected cases , three deaths .  cdc team is helping with tracking the infection , training health care worker .
 weight watchers founder jean nidetch dies at 91 <sec> jean nidetch started weight watchers in 1963 .  nidetch 's philosophy : `` it 's choice -- not chance -- that determines your destiny .
 ge europe chief eyes investment in germany <sec> ge europe employs 84,000 people across the continent and provides a range of products .  germany is the `` economic locomotive '' of europe , says ge europe boss .  eu 's strength lies in economy and population size of 500 million people , says beccalli-falc .
 sim card hack inspires quick fix by carriers <sec> expert : wireless carriers fix a bug that could have allowed criminals to hack into cell phones .  a german cryptographer who hacked into sim cards says he discovered the bug .  sim cards can identify a phone 's owner and store some sensitive personal data .  the `` white hat '' hacker presented his findings at a computer-security conferenc .
 report : gu kailai admits poisoning british businessman , leading to his death <sec> the wife of ex-chinese politician bo xilai says , `` i suffered a mental breakdown '' .  a family aide confesses to his role , saying , `` i really know that i did wrong '' .  british businessman neil heywood died after being poisoned in his hotel room .  gu 's murder trial occurred thursday , though no verdict has been announce .
 eurovision showdown : ukraine and russia face the music <sec> the eurovision song contest is one of the most watched non-sporting events in the world .  every year around 40 nations from spain to azerbaijan participate in the competition .  this year tensions over crimea could spillover into the contest .  in the past officials have disqualified songs with explicit political message .
 justice sandra day o'connor seeks to reverse america 's decline in civics <sec> new : `` it 's putting our country at some risk , '' o'connor says of declining civics knowledge .  retired justice sandra day o'connor founded icivics in 2009 .  she announced a partnership with the boys & girls club on wednesday .  retired since 2006 , she was the first woman on the u.s. supreme cour .
 steel beams fall 40 stories at wtc construction site ; no one injured <sec> three steel beams fall after a crane cable snaps .  `` fortunately ... nobody was hurt , '' mayor bloomberg say .
 movie director 's 10 tips for a perfect oktoberfest <sec> do n't wear lederhosen made of plastic or cloth . .  you will look like a tourist .  make friends with the ladies delivering the beer , and never be cheap with your tip .  sleeping is the best way to keep your body fit -- just not on the street or the sidewalk .  if you get sick , do n't do it close to the river -- people surf ther .
 airstrike on yemen refugee camp could portend incursion <sec> saudi airstrikes kill 40 at refugee camp , yemen 's defense ministry says .  egyptian warships shell road leading to key port city , said official with yemen 's southern movement .  yemen 's foreign minister says he expects coalition ground troops to arrive within day .
 joe biden : senate tie-breaker ? <sec> joe biden could play a key role in an evenly divided senate .  biden would keep an evenly divided senate in democratic hand .
 rolling stone review : 'machete ' <sec> danny trejo plays machete , a former federale out to kill a drug lord .  a never-hammier robert de niro plays a corrupt texas senator .  trejo , 66 , convincingly kicks pretty-boy as .
 iran 's ayatollah pens letter to western youth <sec> iran 's supreme leader asks western youths to study islam before making judgments .  ayatollah ali khamenei criticizes the media 's portrayal of muslims after the charlie hebdo attacks in pari .
 nneka : nigeria 's soul superstar is back <sec> nigerian singer nneka releases latest album , `` my fairy tales '' .  she combines reggae and afrobeat with powerful lyrics tackling politics , love and forgivenes .
 authorities : drug ring targeting top suburban philly schools busted <sec> new : da : suspects ready to make sure `` no on threatened their business '' .  new : authorities seize pot , cocaine , ecstasy and several weapons .  ring included 3 colleges , 5 high schools near philly , officials say .  `` the days of , 'it ca n't happen here ' are long gone , '' one district attorney say .
 moldy matters : how wasted food is destroying the environment <sec> austrian artist has created a series of images that challenge wasteful attitude to food .  project inspired by u.n. report that reveals one third of all food worldwide is wasted .  wasted food is a major cause of avoidable co2 emissions .  anti-waste pressure group provide tips for cutting down on uneaten foo .
 coming soon : best theme parks of the future <sec> construction boom set to bring numerous theme park openings over the next five years .  china and the uae lead the theme park building charge with multiple major projects underway .  moscow and london also getting their first major branded theme park .
 hollywood brings you 'the state of the union ' <sec> several movies and tv shows have featured the state of the union address .  others have used the title , but the annual address never makes an appearanc .
 u.s. missionaries charged with kidnapping in haiti <sec> 10 americans charged with kidnapping , criminal association .  missionaries denied bail because kidnapping charges involve children .  missionaries say they were trying to help children leave country .  haitian government says group was trying to kidnap childre .
 tech mogul mcafee flees to guatemala , says 'no interest ' in returning to u.s . <sec> new : a lawyer for john mcafee files a formal request for asylum in guatemala .  mcafee is sought for questioning in the killing of his neighbor in belize .  police say he is not a suspect , but they want to talk to him about the november 11 shooting .  he says he fled to guatemala to escape police persecution , and plans to seek asylu .
 food allergy diagnosis : what parents should know <sec> cdc : food allergies are on the rise in american children .  clear out any foods from the pantry to which your children have allergies .  be careful of cross-contamination when cookin .
 sarah palin , 'duck dynasty ' to rally in louisiana for runoff <sec> sarah palin will turn out in support for bill cassidy in louisiana 's senate runoff .  palin endorsed cassidy 's gop opponent in the primary .  `` duck dynasty '' star phil robertson is also set to atten .
 tunisian star says artists finally free after uprising <sec> dhafer l'abidine is one of tunisia 's most famous actors .  he says there 's no more censorship in the country after january 's uprising .  the actor is best-known to western audiences for his role in 'sex and the city 2 .
 how far does isis ' global reach extend ? <sec> american officials say there is no sign that isis is planning an attack on the u.s. homeland .  analyst : isis ' call for lone-wolf attacks in the u.s. is a move from `` al qaeda 's playbook '' .  an algerian group pledging loyalty to isis ' leader beheads a french citizen .  australian police have carried out anti-terror raids and shot dead an 18-year-old suspec .
 fbi agent arrested in pakistan , was carrying ammunition at airport <sec> agent was stopped for carrying ammunition as he attempted to board flight .  joel cox was carrying 15 9mm bullets , police said .  the agent is in pakistan as part of effort to train local police .  diplomatic effort under way to gain the agent 's releas .
 f1 mourns 'absurd loss of life ' following track worker 's death <sec> track worker dies after falling under crane during sunday 's canadian grand prix .  marshal has yet to be named following accident at montreal 's circuit gilles villeneuve .  sauber team issues statements of condolence to the man 's family and friends .  he was the first track worker to die at an f1 race since 200 .
 nude harry photos : how uk tabloids lost their sting <sec> prince harry pictured naked , playing strip billiards flanked by an equally naked girl .  uk press reluctant to report story in print or on online digital media , says robert jobson .  jobson : problem for newspapers is that new generation wants news now .  equally , harry really must be more cautious about the company he keeps , jobson say .
 cricket chiefs consider lie-detectors to fight corruption <sec> cricket rule makers could introduce lie-detectors to help fight corruption in the sport .  several suggestions made after a meeting of mcc world cricket committee in australia .  the sport came into disrepute when members of pakistan team were accused of match-fixing .  other recommendations included the inclusion of anti-corruption clauses in all playing contract .
 saving an endangered species , arabian-style <sec> uae founder sheik zayed `` made the desert bloom '' on sir bani yas island .  his goal was to protect the arabian oryx and other threatened species .  tourists can stay on the island in luxury resorts .  cheetahs , hyenas and other animals have been brought i .
 held as slaves , now free <sec> zena and nicole were sent from west africa to the u.s. with promise of an education .  they and others ended up working as slaves in hair braiding salons in new jersey .  they spoke out for the first time about their ordeal to cnn .  `` american slaves : hiding in plain sight '' airs tonight on ac360° at 10 et on cn .
 sound of sunday : best quotes <sec> egypt 's future `` is going to be up to the egyptian people , '' clinton says .  elbaradei : `` if ( mubarak ) has an iota of patriotism , i would advise him to leave today '' .  obama open to changing health care law , but not refighting the entire fight , daley says .  boehner on crying : `` i feel pretty strongly about what i do .
 try an unconventional career path <sec> m*a*s*h star wayne rogers gives advice on how to find success by working for yourself .  bigger is not better : fight the urge to make growth and size the overarching goals .  `` pick partners and associates you trust and have them trust you , '' rogers say .
 yemen 's president heading to u.s. for treatment <sec> new : president saleh is expected to return to yemen in february .  new : embassy : he will attend the swearing-in ceremony of the newly elected president .  the state department says saleh 's request to travel to the u.s. has been approved .  vice president : saleh arrived in oman , is now on his way to the united state .
 opinion : iron dome missile defense buys time for israel <sec> israeli deaths in gaza wars have always been relatively low , writes shashank joshi .  joshi : political impact of rocket attacks is greater than these numbers suggest though .  israeli invasion of gaza would carry big military and political risks , he says .  missile defense means israel need not resort to ground troops , joshi argue .
 catholics : 5 ways for francis to move forward <sec> catholics from croatia to peru gave their top priorities for the pope to lead on .  progressive , developing world issues at a premium among ireporters .  'keep ' it simple , advised many on the message of the pope and churc .
 onscreen couples we need to see reunite <sec> there is no magic like the magic of rachel mcadams and ryan gosling in `` the notebook '' .  it 's not too late for keaton and allen to bring back some neurotic , onscreen charm .  scarlett johansson and bill murray 's chemistry was never `` lost in translation '' for u .
 how republicans can bounce back <sec> julian zelizer : republicans are debating their future after a disappointing election .  he says gop lost many demographic groups , seems out-of-step with america .  zelizer : history shows it 's possible to find ways to turn the party 's fortunes around .  he says gop needs new ideas and new leadership to transform itsel .
 kenneth bae worried about his health in north korean camp <sec> bae 's sister says family is `` really discouraged '' by his move back to a labor camp .  `` i have not lost hope , '' kenneth bae says in a conversation with a swedish diplomat .  but he warns that the physical labor will probably put him back in the hospital .  north korea has held bae , a korean-american , since november 201 .
 report : china led world executions in 2007 <sec> china executed at least 470 people in the last year , says human rights group .  iran had second-highest level of executions in 2007 , amnesty says .  united states recorded fifth-highest number of executions , report find .
 wall street journal editorial board skewers rand paul - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the wall street journal likens rand paul 's thoughts on vaccinations to `` libertarian dormitory passions '' .  the kentucky republican says he supports vaccines but earlier this week said he 's heard of vaccines causing mental disorder .
 lew frankfort , ceo of coach <sec> lew frankfort , ceo of coach talks to cnn 's maggie lake .  transformed an old-world company into global luxury brand .  appeals to both aspiratonal and wealthy consumer .
 computer game lets you run a presidential campaign <sec> `` the political machine 2012 '' helps you `` game '' the electoral process .  the pc game lets players face a computer-controlled opponent or a human challenger .  players can run campaigns of president obama or gop nominee mitt romne .
 is online college exam site ethical ? <sec> postyourtest.com was developed this year , has mostly california tests .  site is causing debate among professors about its ethical implications .  teachers can ban exams from the site if they do n't want students sharing .  looking at an exam may not always be the best way to study , professor warn .
 saleh mastered tribal rivalries to rule yemen <sec> yemeni president emerged from powerful tribe to rule his country for 33 years .  ali abdullah saleh is the fourth arab leader uprooted by protests in the last year .  protesters and international groups criticized his violent crackdown on protests .  saleh will remain in saudi arabia , a presidential source say .
 remains of 2 airmen missing since wwii found <sec> a search found the remains of two world war ii veterans who had been mia .  the airmen were found in an excavation in the mountains of papua new guinea .  the bomber they were flying crashed behind enemy lines on march 13 , 194 .
 former navy carrier on final voyage <sec> former uss saratoga heads to scrapyard .  voyage from rhode island to texas expected to take 16 days .  navy paid one cent to dispose of shi .
 sick skipping care because of cost , survey says <sec> survey finds 24 % of respondents skip medical care when they 're sick or injured .  largest groups affected by high prices : uninsured and people between 28 and 44 .  deloitte survey also finds people shopping around for best prices .  other trends : walk-in clinics in drug stores and medical tourism in cheaper nation .
 reporter 's notebook : the changing face of women 's boxing <sec> women 's boxing has been added to 2012 olympic games in london .  marlen esparza , a 22-year-old texan of mexican descent , is a five-time national champion .  boxing has been a huge sport in the latino world for decade .
 mobile apps transforming the future of parking <sec> a new wave of startups are working to simplify the parking process .  apps let drivers find and rent coveted parking spaces in crowded cities .  motorists can book spots in advance and pay from their phones , saving time .  cities across the u.s. are turning to similar innovative parking technologie .
 the man who wants to translate the web <sec> luis von ahn founded the company behind captcha .  he used that technology to help digitize old books .  his new project provides a free way to learn languages and thereby translate the we .
 homeless women face more obstacles <sec> cnn hero roseanna means gives homeless women in the boston area free medical care .  she says women have more health issues than men , and they 're often victims of assault .  means : preventive care can help these women cope and save costs to the health care system .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2011 cnn heroe .
 samsung to make curved smartphone <sec> samsung to release smartphone with a curved screen in october .  executive gave few further details about the release .  samsung showed off flexible-screen prototype phones at ces in january .  the move aims to keep samsung 's perceived innovation lead over appl .
 was arafat murdered ? <sec> `` i 'm convinced it was a political murder , '' says suha arafat .  the palestinian leader died in 2004 at age 75 .  last year , his widow , suspecting he was poisoned , had the body exhumed for tests .  polonium-210 , a radioactive isotope , had been detected on his clothing and toothbrus .
 lightning strikes twice as blake beats bolt again <sec> yohan blake beats usain bolt over 200m at the jamaican olympic trials .  the win follows blake 's victory over bolt in friday 's 100m final .  three-time olympic gold medalist bolt holds the world record over 100 & 200m .  blake is the reigning 100m world champion after winning in daegu last yea .
 how westgate changed the lives of kenyans <sec> kenya marks six month anniversary of the westgate mall attack .  using the hashtag # westgate6months , kenyan took to twitter .  at least 67 people were killed in the bloody four-day siege in september 201 .
 sheriff : student plotted tx college attack , fantasized about stabbings <sec> new : sheriff : the suspect told investigators he fantasized about stabbing .  dylan quick , 20 , is charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon .  a group of students chased , tackled and pinned down the suspect , one witness says .  14 people are injured and 2 are in critical condition after the attac .
 davos : a town of cuckoo clocks , $ 20 pasta and slippery pavements <sec> chris pepper , a `` davos virgin '' shares his experience of attending the wef for the first time .  he is told it 'd cost a fortune and would be exhausting , but also that idavos is nothing like any other event .  he discovers how the color of his id badge dictates his right to access , food and hospitalit .
 director of mj 's comeback show takes stand <sec> kenny ortega worked closely with michael jackson in his last weeks .  ortega wrote of jackson 's `` strong signs of paranoia ... and obsessive-like behavior '' .  an expert testifies jackson was drug dependent , not addicted .  widow , daughter of former jackson manager face jail unless laptop is handed ove .
 government has authority to lead spill response , but may lack know-how <sec> oil pollution act of 1990 gives president authority to take over efforts to stop oil gusher .  bp officials insist that no one could match the company 's know-how and technology .  oppenheimer analyst : if bp `` can not do it , nobody else can . .  period '' .  initial expectations were unrealistic , usgs director say .
 edwards admits to extramarital affair <sec> edwards : `` i made a serious error in judgment '' .  former senator admits in a statement to an extramarital affair .  the woman , 42-year-old rielle hunter , at the center of the controversy .  edwards denies fathering the woman 's child ; has n't taken a paternity tes .
