 indian doctors save boy impaled on iron rod <sec> indian doctors successfully remove 1.2-meter rod from three-year-old boy .  mehul kumar impaled himself while playing on terrace at grandparents ' house .  doctors spend over three hours removing rod and repairing damage to organ .
 nadal beats federer to win australian open <sec> rafael nadal beats roger federer to win australian open title .  the two men serve up another five-set thriller on rod laver arena .  nadal was winning his sixth grand slam title and first on a hardcour .
 syrian airstrike kills 15 , including children , opposition says <sec> an opposition group says the syrian government dropped a bomb in aleppo .  at least 15 people were killed in the airstrike , the group says .  another opposition group says 116 have been killed across syria on saturda .
 e-commerce trumps tradition lunar new year 'ucky money china online <sec> more 'lucky money ' recipients prefer electronic transfer over traditional red packets of cash .  smartphone apps allow easier lucky money transfer .  wechat app adds an element of chance in sharing lucky money with friends .  bitcoin giveaway in hong kong familiarizes public with the online currenc .
 hey bravo , silicon valley is too boring for tv <sec> a bravo reality show , `` silicon valley , '' will follow five aspiring tech entrepreneurs .  tv viewers demand drama : if it ca n't be found , it 's manufactured .  bringing tech geeks ' stories to tv and movies will require some creativity to fit the medium .  building a company takes almost every minute of the day , leaving little time for a personal lif .
 messi signs new barcelona deal <sec> leo messi has signed a new contract with la liga giant barcelona .  messi has extended his stay at camp nou until 2018 .  four-time world player of the year will earn net salary of $ 14.75 million per year .  follows carles puyol and xavi hernandez in pledging future to the clu .
 'blackfish ' film ignores seaworld 's benefits to conservation , research <sec> michael scarpuzzi has worked for seaworld since 1975 .  he says the film `` blackfish '' `` focuses on a handful of incidents '' .  seaworld has `` altered how we care for , display and train '' orcas since 2010 .  watch an encore of `` blackfish '' on cnn , saturday , nov. 2 at 9 p.m. e .
 anna gordy , ex-wife of marvin gaye , dies at 92 <sec> gordy died friday surrounded by relatives .  her 14-year marriage to marvin gaye ended in divorce .  she inspired some of his hit songs , including `` pride and joy .
 nine ex-smokers on their last cigarette <sec> on the annual 'great american smokeout , ' ex-smokers share the story of their last cigarette .  health scares , pregnancies and words of advice were among the reasons for the final smoke .  paul tamasi chose valentine 's day to quit because he knew he would always remember i .
 virgin racing to take over manor gp team <sec> manor gp are to be rebranded virgin racing ahead of their formula one debut next season .  a formal announcement will be made at a news conference on tuesday .  the news has been confirmed by the fia , who have announced the 2010 f1 entry lis .
 passengers push train to free trapped man in australia <sec> a man gets his left leg caught between the platform and a train in perth , australia .  authorities ca n't pull him out and ask people to leave the train .  commuters line up to push the train and the man frees himself .  the man is not hurt and the train leaves with only a 15-minute dela .
 opinion : could africa be world 's next manufacturing hub ? <sec> low labor costs and abundant resources are some of africa 's manufacturing advantages .  rising costs of land and labor in china have begun to erode beijing 's cost advantage .  african countries can benefit from taking timely measures to develop manufacturing goods .  manufacturing can help africa industrialize and create jobs for million .
 japanese tsunami debris makes its way into hawaiian birds <sec> debris apparently from 2011 japan tsunami is washing ashore in hawaii .  hawaii wildlife fund organizes beach cleanups .  noaa has been studying the effects of debris on fis .
 made in minsk : no . 1 azarenka remembers her roots <sec> victoria azarenka is the first player from belarus to win a grand slam singles title .  the 22-year-old has lost one match this season , and won 26 , including four titles .  the world no . .  1 was introduced to tennis by her mother , who worked in a tennis center .  azarenka moved to the united states when she was 15 , and now lives in monac .
 former marine finds home at yellowstone <sec> the nation 's first national park has a history of veterans working in its ranks .  the grand canyon of the yellowstone is a highlight of canyon village .  the changing colors of grand prismatic spring 's steam are due to bacteri .
 messi joins xavi and puyol in agreeing new barcelona deals <sec> lionel messi agrees two-year extension to current deal .  contract will tie argentine to barcelona until he is 31 .  xavi and carles puyol also agree new deals with spanish giant .
 the gop field : rubio and palin 's 2016 plans - cnnpolitics.com <sec> why rubio is excited about a potential romney run .  2016 tea leaves : biden 's not in touch with top democrats in iowa .  the impact of a palin candidacy on a crowded conservative fiel .
 opinion : in hot car death , leave the mom alone <sec> mel robbins : people say there 's `` something suspicious '' about leanna harris .  robbins : we tend to interpret details in a tragedy to bolster our early judgment .  she says mom 's emotional state , web searches irrelevant ; remarks explainable .  robbins : nobody knows what happened yet , so do n't indict anyone until facts are i .
 controversial project aims to produce disease-resistant livestock <sec> scientist who cloned world 's first cat working to genetically engineer livestock .  dr. duane kraemer has cloned bull from cells of a bull resistant to brucellosis .  project sparking controversy , raising slew of ethical question .
 woman shot on bourbon street dies ; 9 others wounded <sec> 10 people were shot sunday in the french quarter .  a woman who was wounded has died , police say .  police are looking for two people .  the shooting happened in a popular tourist spo .
 u.s. mulling military options in libya <sec> no single group or person has emerged in a leadership role .  some have called for a no-fly zone over libya .  imposing a no-fly zone has to begin with an attack on libya , gates says .  the arab league rejects any foreign interference in liby .
 opinion : nsa and your phone records : what should obama do ? <sec> bergen : new america foundation finds little value to mass surveillance program .  he says hardly any terrorism cases were found out or wrapped up as result of phone metadata .  president obama is giving a speech about nsa surveillance friday .  bergen : ending the mass collection of phone data is a good solutio .
 red hot chili peppers drummer sorry for wiping his backside with soccer shirt <sec> drummer apologizes after wiping his backside with flamengo jersey .  chad smith is the drummer for u.s. rock group red hot chili peppers .  smith later posted a picture of himself wearing a flamengo shir .
 comedian ahmed ahmed stands up for arabs ' right to laugh <sec> `` just like us '' follows a comedy tour of egypt , lebanon , saudi arabia and dubai .  comedian ahmed ahmed said he wanted to show americans how similar arab humor is to their own .  stand-up comedy is relatively new and fast-growing in the middle east , said ahme .
 2 leading banks suspend operations in ivory coast <sec> security concerns prompted the banks to close .  many fear a money shortage will worsen the crisis .  laurent gbagbo refuses to cede powe .
 whitney houston 's daughter : 'i can always feel her ' <sec> houston 's sister-in-law says the late singer was `` chasing a dream '' .  she and bobbi kristina brown , houston 's only child , speak to oprah winfrey .  daughter says she can still hear her mother 's voice and feel her spirit sometimes .  houston , 48 , died in her beverly hills hotel room last mont .
 three dead after apparent murder-suicide in maryland <sec> new : a third-generation baltimore firefighter is one of the victims .  authorities say the suspected shooter is a baltimore police officer .  they are among three people found dead in an apparent murder-suicid .
 terrorism strikes boston marathon as bombs kill 3 , wound scores <sec> a third person has died from the bombing , boston police commissioner ed davis says .  an 8-year-old boy was one of those killed .  the bombs were small , with no initial sign of high-grade explosive material , an official tells cnn .  obama vows those guilty `` will feel the full weight of justice .
 iran stands by u.n. nominee hamid aboutalebi despite u.s. visa denial <sec> deputy foreign minister abbas araghchi says iran is not considering a different nominee .  the united states says it wo n't issue a visa to hamid aboutalebi as iran 's u.n. envoy .  the diplomat 's ties to the 1979 u.s. embassy takeover prompted the move .  he says he was a translator and negotiator , denies taking part in embassy 's initial occupatio .
 google maps has pac-man ? bring it on , fools ! <sec> google maps has a temporary pac-man function .  google has long been fond of april fools ' day pranks and games .  many people are turning their cities into pac-man course .
 dozens dead in sudan mine collapse <sec> darfur regional authority official says 52 bodies have been recovered .  the collapse happened monday in sudan 's north darfur region .  many people are still unaccounted for , the official say .
 report : kim jong il has pancreatic cancer <sec> media reports , citing unconfirmed sources , say kim jong il has cancer .  south korea 's unification ministry denies claims of illness .  transfer of power rules unclear , but youngest son expected to be next at hel .
 official : japan wants to communicate with isis <sec> japanese official says japan is trying to talk to isis through a third party .  he does n't say whether japan would pay a $ 200 million ransom demanded for release .  hostages were shown in an isis video , with a masked man standing over the .
 opinion : the real 'wolf of wall street ' <sec> upcoming film stars leonardo dicaprio , playing jordan belfort as the `` wolf of wall street '' .  susan harrigan : the real `` wolf '' was a stock scammer who defrauded innocent investors .  she says he has not fully paid restitution , but gained $ 1 million on movie rights to his book .  harrigan : dicaprio recorded a video endorsing belfort 's motivational speakin .
 star prosecution witness names 'whitey ' bulger in 11 murders <sec> former mob hitman john martorano wraps up three days of testimony against bulger .  he describes the former boston mob leader as `` judas '' because of fbi connections .  bulger is facing 19 counts of murder .  martorano says he and bulger committed 11 murders , bulger admitted to others on his ow .
 white house crashers named in 16 civil suits <sec> new : tareq and michaele salahi named in at least 16 lawsuits , filed for chapter 7 in february .  couple posts facebook photos purportedly showing them at inauguration events .  secret service admits it `` did not follow proper procedures '' .  service said salahis went through metal detectors , other levels of securit .
 ona carbonell : the 'mermaid ' of barcelona <sec> ona carbonell is a world champion and olympic medalist in synchronized swimming .  in catalan , ona means `` wave '' and carbonell says she feels better inside the water than out .  when she is performing , carbonell considers herself a `` mermaid '' .  russia dominates the sport , winning all seven golds at the 2013 world championship .
 cnn student news - october 3 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 'doctor who ' screening stuns at monday box office <sec> screening of the doctor who 50th anniversary tv special did well .  it grossed $ 4.8 million at the u.s. box office .  the screening was two days after the episode premiered on bbc americ .
 experts : ansel adams photos found at garage sale worth $ 200 million <sec> new : negatives were stored under a pool table for years .  man paid $ 45 at a california garage sale for 65 glass plates .  experts concluded negatives were lost ansel adams photos .  photos are a `` missing link '' in adam 's caree .
 father of boston bomb suspects to fly from russia to u.s . <sec> new : hospitals : 33 of over 260 wounded are still hospitalized , 1 of them is in critical condition .  suspects ' father will go to u.s. , an activist says ; state media said 2 parents would go .  russia twice asked the u.s. to investigate one of their sons , tamerlan tsarnaev .  police say he and his brother may have planned to go to nyc to `` party .
 soldiers face murder charge in s. korean bullying case <sec> private yoon seung-joo died while doing compulsory military service in south korea .  the official autopsy report stated the cause of death as asphyxiation .  soldier 's mother says he was beaten and suffered months of bullying .  six soldiers are currently on military trial , four have been charged with murde .
 for thousands of syrians , lebanon provides shelter <sec> thousands of syrian refugees are living across the border in lebanon .  abdul-rahman al akari says his wife , a mother of 3 , was killed at an illegal crossing .  for thousands of syrians , the decision to flee was a matter of life and death .  some of the wounded in hospitals say they might risk a return to rejoin the revolutio .
 travolta thanks neighbors for sympathy , support <sec> jett travolta , son of john travolta and kelly preston , died january 2 .  travolta family sent letter of thanks to ocala , florida , neighbors .  there has been outpouring of support for travolta famil .
 hurricane destroyed galveston in 1900 <sec> category 4 storm destroyed galveston in 1900 .  estimates of the death toll range from 6,000 to 12,000 .  residents ignored early storm warnings .  complete destruction kept word from the outside worl .
 jonathan lipnicki celebrates 21st birthday in las vegas <sec> lipnicki is celebrating the milestone birthday in las vegas .  the party continued saturday with a cake and dinner at lavo .  lipnicki has spent a bulk of his time studying and fiercely working ou .
 six dead in car bomb attack at nigeria church <sec> six people confirmed dead in nigeria court attack .  tensions run high after attack on a catholic church .  the attack happened in jos , the site of previous violence targeting christian .
 soldiers restricted after theft of 'hundreds ' of 'military-grade ' items <sec> stringent restrictions are in place on soldiers at base in washington state .  rules follow the discovery that valuable , `` sensitive '' items are missing from a vault .  the items include things such as scopes , but no weapons or ammunition .  a $ 10,000 reward has been offered for information on the cas .
 documents in bin laden compound speak of plan to attack obama <sec> documents confirm that osama bin laden was pushing for attacks against americans in europe .  the united states killed bin laden on may 2 .  documents recovered from his compound speak of an attack on obama and petraeu .
 international court staff freed after detention in libya <sec> new : an australian lawyer and three other court staff members are released after weeks .  melinda taylor is a defense attorney for the court who met with saif gadhafi .  libya says she was found to be carrying documents that jeopardized national security .  the court and national governments have been negotiating for the detainees ' releas .
 official : pentagon set to certify repeal of 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' <sec> new : a group that sought the repeal praises new defense secretary panetta .  an official says an announcement could come friday .  certification means the military is ready to accept openly gay and lesbian troops .  full repeal would take place 60 days after certificatio .
 bryan brothers break mcenroe 's record <sec> bob and mike bryan break john mcenroe 's record of 270 weeks as doubles no . .  1 .  american twins have finished the year on top of the rankings since 2005 .  they have won the most grand slam doubles titles and the most overall .  bob bryan is expecting a baby daughter with his wife in januar .
 ugandan couple charged with having sex in church <sec> muslim couple charged with insulting christian religion by having sex near altar .  prosecution says churchgoer heard strange noises and found the couple .  charge carries maximum penalty of two years in jai .
 kidnapped american aid worker feared dead in afghanistan <sec> new : aid group says it received information indicating that aid workers are dead .  cyd mizell and her driver were abducted in kandahar province on january 26 .  roadside bomb kills two polish soldiers in the nato-led force , injures anothe .
 the west 's best wellness retreats <sec> shambhala , a sanctuary near denver , offers classes on ancient wisdom and meditation .  ranch at live oak malibu provides nine hours a day of no-opt-out exercise .  hawaii island retreat includes outdoor spa treatments and hula lessons .
 mcilroy , donald and poulter back mcginley for ryder cup captaincy <sec> rory mcilroy reiterates support for paul mcginley in ryder cup captain race .  world no . .  1 backs irishman for europe 's 2014 contest with united states in scotland .  mcilroy says colin montgomerie has `` nothing to gain '' by doing job again .  ian poulter and luke donald also back mcginley to take captainc .
 obama should make a grand bargain with india <sec> obama will visit india with a group of american business executives .  mansoor ijaz says trip offers opportunity for a grand bargain with india .  by striking a deal on economic , military , security issues , the two nations would benefit , he says .  ijaz : progress on peace in the region and in the fight against terrorism could resul .
 haikyo : exploring japan 's derelict urban spaces <sec> around the world , urban explorers hunt down and often photograph society 's crumbling edifices .  in japan , urban exploration is referred to as `` haikyo , '' the japanese word for `` ruins '' .  japan-based florian seidel documents his derelict findings on his blog , abandonedkansai.co .
 new ways to survive cardiac arrest <sec> gupta : death is not a single event ; it 's a process that can be interrupted .  without a heartbeat , circulation slows to a halt ; brain is first organ to suffer .  in cpr , compressions are more important than mouth-to-mouth breathing .  compressions keep oxygen-rich blood circulating to brain , other organ .
 friends : bill clinton keeps 'frenetic pace ' <sec> `` he still works long days and stays up very , very late , '' the friend said .  `` while he eats a lot better than he used to , '' he still indulges , one friend tells cnn .  `` ought to be two bill clintons in order to keep up the pace he does , '' says david gerge .
 texas police will return cash in case that prompted lawsuit <sec> tenaha , texas , police confiscated money in 2007 after traffic stop .  roderick daniels was stopped for driving 37 mph in a 35-mph zone .  he and others who had property taken have filed lawsuit .  town 's officials say they have done nothing wron .
 cyprus for easter ? just pack extra cash <sec> cyprus is trying to reach an agreement with the eu for a 10 billion euro bailout .  a proposal for a one-off levy on bank deposits resulted in a run on atm machines .  cyprus ' tourist body says its atms are working normally and its business as usual .  nonetheless , visitors are being advised to travel with more cash than norma .
 u.s. announces $ 6.4 billion arms deal with taiwan <sec> sale includes 60 black hawk helicopters , 114 air defense missiles , mine-hunting ships .  china says it `` is strongly dissatisfied '' with arms sales to taiwan by the united states .  deals do not include f-16 fighter jets , which china has vehemently opposed .  state department says arms sales guarantee security and stability `` across taiwan strait .
 senegal confirms first ebola case <sec> senegal in west africa confirms its first ebola case a week after closing its borders .  a 21-year-old conakry university student is infected and was placed in quarantine .  officials in guinea alerted senegal on wednesday after losing track of the young man .  senegal closed its guinea border on august 21 amid the deadliest ebola outbreak eve .
