 study identifies effective irritable bowel syndrome therapies <sec> an estimated 10 to 15 percent of people in north america have ibs .  the exact cause of ibs remains unknown , which has hampered treatment .  study analysis : peppermint oil , soluble fiber , and antispasmodic drugs all wor .
 tennessee investigators plead for help in woman 's abduction <sec> new : a volunteer looking for the woman says of the community , `` we 're all just close '' .  investigators have gotten 250 leads in their search for holly bobo since wednesday .  they are urging people to `` take notice '' of anyone who might have kidnapped her .  one official has said bobo `` was in fear of her life '' when she was led from her hom .
 medal of honor denied again for marine <sec> sgt . .  rafael peralta died in 2004 while fighting in iraq .  supporters say he pulled a grenade under his body , shielding other marines from the blast .  evidence in case does not meet proof beyond a reasonable doubt , pentagon says .  three defense secretaries have not approved the award 's nominatio .
 mexican journalists report on drug cartels despite the risks <sec> since 2000 , 74 journalists have been killed in mexico -- 14 since 2010 .  mexican journalist armando rodriguez dies in 2008 .  there are questions about the investigation of his death .  other journalists pledge to continue to report about drug cartel .
 cyclone phailin menaces india 's east coast <sec> new : roughly 80,000 people have been evacuated , an official says .  cyclone phailin is expected to hit east coast states of odisha and andhra pradesh .  the tropical cyclone , now over the bay of bengal , is expected to make landfall saturday .  odisha 's weather service warns of a 3-meter storm surge , gales and heavy rainfal .
 over 100,000 cambodian migrant workers flee thailand <sec> organization : 140,000 cambodian migrant workers leave thailand .  workers cite fears and anxieties of a potential crackdown .  thailand officials say there is no crackdown on migrant worker .
 why chinese people call katy perry 'fruit sister ' <sec> in china , katy perry is known as `` fruit sister '' because of her fruity costumes .  jennifer lopez is called `` lord of butt '' .  benedict cumberbatch is called `` curly blessing .
 spotify music-streaming service launches in u.s . <sec> new : spotify launches in the u.s. on thursday morning .  the music-streaming service has been wildly popular in europe .  it 's taken awhile for spotify to debut in u.s. because of concerns from record label .
 american took a twisted trail to terror <sec> david coleman headley is a product of two worlds , a rare blending of east and west .  his mother was a fun-loving philly socialite ; his father was a strict , formal pakistani .  his arrest in a heroin sting was a turning point in his life , an uncle says .  he 's been tied to lashkar-e-tayyiba ; india says group carried out mumbai attack .
 suicide bomber kills 34 at iraq police checkpoint <sec> at least 34 people killed , 121 wounded in suicide attack .  suicide bomber attacks police checkpoint in hilla .  iraq has been beset with political and sectarian violence for month .
 outlaw country singer wayne mills dies in bar shooting <sec> pit and barrel bar owner chris farrell tells police he shot mills in self-defense .  police are investigating ferrell 's claim that the shooting was justified .  mills is `` a stiff-necked , country troubadour with an affinity for honky-tonks , '' his website says .  he 's `` steeped in the southern vernacular of god , guns and football , '' his website say .
 as u.n. falters , syria 's conflict threatens regional stability <sec> turkey 's military retaliated against syria attacks on turkish border town recently .  turkish parliament has authorized its troops to enter syria if necessary .  seener : confrontation could ignite regional convulsions as turkey is sucked in to syria .  u.s. could have prevented much bloodshed by using air power to target regime , he say .
 7 wild ways to celebrate florida 's 500th <sec> the everglades is the only place in the world where alligators and crocodiles live side by side .  party like a pirate in st. augustine , the oldest city in the nation .  pick your own florida oranges or grapefruits on a golf-cart tour of the grove .
 search crews still finding survivors of haiti quake <sec> new : rescue teams from u.s. , israel , turkey find people alive in quake rubble .  new : nearly 30 teams from around the world continue to comb debris for survivors .  u.n. secretary-general visits haiti , site of u.n. 's worst loss of life ever .  port-au-prince airport remains overwhelmed by planes bringing supplie .
 nasa finds cocaine in shuttle hangar <sec> small amount of cocaine found in restricted area of processing hangar for discovery .  nasa has drug-tested employees who worked in that area .  nasa does n't think incident will interfere with discovery 's launch in marc .
 rain stays bright in the spotlight <sec> korean pop culture sensation rain is trying to break into u.s. market .  27-year-old has gone from backup dancer to appearing in hollywood films .  click the videos below the watch the rest of the sho .
 stopping the rocket men : are bigger balls the answer to tennis aces ? <sec> ivo karlovic broke the world record for the fastest serve in a davis cup match in march .  the croat was clocked at 155 mph ( 251 kph ) to beat andy roddick 's previous mark .  type 3 tennis balls were introduced by the itf in 2002 , and are 6 % bigger in diameter .  they are seen as a potential solution if the number of aces begins to increas .
 plastic bottle boat reaches australia after stormy seas <sec> plastiki boat made from recycled plastic bottles reaches australia .  after 125 days eexpeditionis nearing its final destination of sydney .  aim of voyage is to raise awareness of plastic waste and reduce plastic us .
 home for 10 people ... in a portable box <sec> tom henderson 's organization , shelterbox , helps disaster victims worldwide .  it provides free shelterboxes , containing items such as blankets , tools and tents .  the organization has aided more than 600,000 victims of disasters since 200 .
 all-terrain wheelchair helps disabled get back on track <sec> all-terrain wheelchairs helping disabled veterans , others who love the outdoors .  wounded marine corporal says he 's now able to hunt and fish .  but the action trackchair sells for $ 10,000 to $ 12,000 .  all-terrain wheelchairs are not yet covered by much insuranc .
 italian island faces flood of tunisian migrants <sec> at least 1,623 landed on the island over a 24-hour period .  fishing port of zarzis is about 100 kilometers from island of lampedusa .  italy has seen a surge of migrants since revolution overthrew tunisian president .  numbers expected to decrease amid forecasts of stormy weathe .
 bosnian serb intel chief sentenced for srebrenica massacre <sec> new : between 6,000 and 8,000 people were killed in the massacre , the u.n. says .  the bosnian town of srebrenica was overrun by serb forces in 1995 .  it was later described as the worst atrocity on european soil since the second world war .  the killings were carried out by ultra-nationalist forces bent on carving up bosni .
 storm leaves thousands without power , damages racetrack in kentucky <sec> churchill downs racetrack is closed because of storm damage .  barns are damaged at the famous horse track and stable workers have been relocated .  the national weather service says the area was likely hit by tornadoe .
 patti smith : kristen stewart could 've played me in 'just kids ' <sec> patti smith is steadily working on the script for a film adaptation of her memoir `` just kids '' .  she could see casting kristen stewart and robert pattinson when they were younger .  smith 's also a fan of mia wasikowska and saoirse ronan .  but the actors who land the roles in `` just kids '' will have to be unknow .
 remembering troubled roots , a healer reaches back <sec> doctor overcame troubled youth to head pediatric neurosurgery at johns hopkins .  carson won medal of freedom and shares his biography to motivate others .  surgeon 's biography inspired baltimore , maryland , teen that anything is possibl .
 paris police issue second photo of newspaper shooting suspect <sec> a gunman shot a photographer at the paris offices of liberation newspaper monday .  the photographer was hit twice near the heart and is said to be in a critical condition .  french police hunting the suspect issued a second image of him tuesday .  police are also investigating a carjacking , shots outside a bank and a gun threat at tv office .
 human trafficking second only to drugs in mexico <sec> the road to the united states goes through mexico for central americans .  the journey is `` one of the most dangerous in the world , '' rights group says .  thousands of migrants are abused each years by smugglers and drug cartels .  human smuggling may be a $ 20 billion business in mexic .
 schools , agencies seeing big increase in homeless families <sec> sheila wash and her two kids have been homeless since 2007 , after she lost her job .  school officials in the washes ' district say more of their students are homeless .  author : having `` no room for error '' on finances often sends families to shelter door .  by one count , homelessness in the d.c. area has jumped by 15 % over last yea .
 victory over debit fee is a sign of consumer power <sec> bank of america drops its plan to charge a $ 5 debit card fee .  ben rattray : 22-year-old molly katchpole 's campaign helped make a difference .  he says social media offer people the chance to affect decisions of giant firms .  rattray : from now on , companies will be more alert to customers ' view .
 bayern munich score late to down borussia dortmund <sec> bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 2-1 in der klassiker clash .  robert lewandowski and arjen robben score crucial goals for bayern .  marco reus had given dortmund lead in first half .  bayern remain top of the bundesliga while dortmund languish in 17th positio .
 ariel castro : most dramatic moments from his sentencing <sec> ten centuries in prison for castro , a speech of defiance from his victim .  michelle knight to former captor : `` after 11 years , i am finally being heard '' .  representatives of other victims ask for privacy .  castro apologizes , attempts to explain his actions but finally , `` i do n't know why .
 republicans decry use of 'hussein ' in obama 's name <sec> committee chairman says statement is `` distraction '' from big issues .  `` the rnc rejects these kinds of campaign tactics , '' duncan says .  news release also included a photograph of obama in kenyan gar .
 haiti is not katrina <sec> haiti quake and katrina resulted in suffering and death for many .  though there are parallels , two disasters were very different , kathleen tierney says .  she says the haiti quake came without warning , affected larger proportion of nation .  she says haiti 's desperate poverty made it particularly ill-equipped for the quak .
 egyptian troops deployed to keep order after attacks <sec> new : an american teaching english was a bystander when he was stabbed , family says .  egyptian troops deploy nationwide to curb unrest , a military spokesman says .  several members of the muslim brotherhood have been killed nationwide recently .  president morsy , who is closely tied to that group , just completed his first year in offic .
 new york court upholds eviction of occupy protesters <sec> a new york supreme court justice opts not to extend a temporary restraining order .  hundreds of police and private security guards fill the park and the surrounding area .  demonstrators circle their former home base . .  the city plans to allow protesters to stage demonstrations in zuccotti par .
 pat robertson is wrong about marijuana <sec> william bennett : pat robertson 's support of marijuana legalization is misguided .  bennett : legalizing marijuana will lead to more drug abuse .  he says that contrary to robertson 's view , we have had successes in the drug fight .  bennett : our leaders , including religious leaders , must not undermine the drug wa .
 man detained over murder of russian tv anchor <sec> a man is detained over the murder of a russian tv anchor .  the body of andrey rybakin was found on tuesday , his station 's chief executive says .  rybakin was the host of a tv show based on dashboard cam clip .
 planned lawsuit targets charity , author of 'three cups of tea ' <sec> a lawsuit is filedagainst greg mortenson and the central asia institute .  it claims he fabricated stories to generate book sales , donations .  mortenson and the charity have ripped a critical `` 60 minutes '' report .  plaintiffs want money from lawsuit to go toward schools in afghanista .
 gordon brown : malala 's u.n. speech is just the beginning <sec> malala yousafzai will return to address leaders at the united nations in september .  gordon brown , the u.n. special education envoy , will visit pakistan and nigeria this year .  both are calling for all children around the world to be given access to education .  `` malala 's speech was just the start of a momentous push for change , '' says brow .
 china : city kills 5,000 dogs to curb rabies outbreak <sec> city in southwest china kills almost 5,000 dogs .  rabies has killed five people in baoshan .  municipal government has vaccinated 100,000 dog .
 basketball star asks girl with down syndrome to prom <sec> college-bound basketball star asks girl with down syndrome to high school prom .  pictures of the two during the `` prom-posal '' have gone vira .
 newtown school district to get $ 1.3 million from education department <sec> the grant will help support counseling and training programs .  a lone gunman opened fire at sandy hook elementary school last december .  the gunman killied 20 children and six educators before taking his own lif .
 christopher dorner 's body positively id 'd <sec> christoper dorner 's mother expresses condolences , asks for privacy .  ex-lapd offier 's remains identified by dental records , authorities say .  he was killed tuesday in the mountains east of los angeles .  the cashiered ex-cop is blamed for killing four people and wounding three other .
 can smaller pack size help smokers quit ? <sec> cigarette packs with fewer cigarettes could bolster willpower , jody sindelar says .  if you 're craving a cigarette , the only buying option is the full pack of 20 , she says .  sindelar : fda can now regulate the manufacturing , marketing and sales of tobacco products .  `` think about it : we could change what it means to be a pack-a-day smoker , '' she say .
 man mauled to death at ving rhames ' home <sec> dogs kill man at ving rhames ' l.a. house .  man was caretaker at house .  rhames , known for `` mission : impossible , '' not at home when attack occurre .
 more arizona wildfire evacuees allowed to go home <sec> new : 50 structures damaged or lost to another fire .  resident who returns home talks about kindness of strangers .  wallow fire is arizona 's biggest ever but not the most destructive to buildings .  residents of nutrioso go home 13 days after an evacuation was ordere .
 eu hits out at 'unacceptable ' travel delays <sec> new : ba considering transporting passengers by bus from heathrow to other airports .  uk transport secretary lays blame for heathrow chaos on `` over-optimistic '' operator .  european commission vice president slams disruption as `` unacceptable '' .  thousands of passengers waiting for flights in europe airports , rail station .
 wintry weather disrupts european travel for a second day <sec> new : disruption to eurostar trains will continue into thursday , the operator says .  new : french authorities had to find shelter for 2,000 stranded motorists overnight .  new : heavy snowfall wednesday morning delayed travelers in moscow .  `` we are working very hard to relieve the situation , '' says french interior ministe .
 train crash in croatia kills at least six <sec> high-speed passenger train leaves its tracks on the outskirts of split , croatia .  at least six people killed and 45 injured , according to police .  the train was on its way from the croatian capital , zagreb , to spli .
 clashes as austerity anger drives europe strikes <sec> new : 74 people , including 43 security forces , injured in spain ; 118 people arrested .  workers angry over spending cuts and tax rises protest in coordinated day of action .  general strikes in spain and portugal , significant walkouts in greece and italy .  clashes turn violent ; transport disrupted : flights grounded ; reductions in rail service .
 obama must speak out on iran , ex-adviser says <sec> united states must speak out more on iranian government 's actions , ex-obama adviser says .  u.s. must be open to negotiations with iran on nuclear issues , ray takeyh says .  iranian government internally is rather weak and vulnerable , takeyh say .
 state media : dozens killed in southern darfur clashes <sec> four tribesmen from arab rizeigat tribe reportedly killed in clashes sunday .  fighting part of an outbreak of violence over the weekend that killed as many as 54 .  sudanese government officials accuse spla of instigating the violence , according to state t .
 2nd navy seal found not guilty in iraq <sec> spokesman : petty officer jonathan keefe found not guilty in alleged beating of detainee .  the verdict comes a day after another of the other accused sailors was found not guilty .  petty officer 1st class julio huertas , was found not guilty of dereliction of duty on thursday .  ahmed hashim abed accused 3 navy seals of beating him in testimony this wee .
 preliminary hearing for doctor charged in michael jackson case delayed <sec> the preliminary hearing had been expected to begin in october .  the prosecution and defense both said they needed more time to prepare .  dr. murray is charged with involuntary manslaughter .  michael jackson 's parents sat together at monday 's hearin .
 nato announces agreement on enforcing no-fly zone over libya <sec> new : u.s. official says nato agrees take on broader command , but details pending .  the deal means nato will assume command of one part of the military mission .  nato is still considering whether to also take command of the rest of the mission .  the agreement followed talks involving britain , france , turkey and the united state .
 overtested americans : when cancer is n't cancer at all <sec> national cancer institute scientists say the word `` cancer '' is sometimes misleading .  not everyone who is diagnosed with cancer should be treated , experts say .  unnecessary tests and treatment may account for 10 % to 30 % of health care spendin .
 holocaust siblings meet after 66 years <sec> brother , sister meet for first time since 1942 , when nazis separated them .  brother in ukraine never stopped searching : `` now i truly believe i can die satisfied '' .  an american red cross volunteer helped bring them together .  even after all this time , the siblings do n't know what happened to their parent .
 suarez facing big ban for biting chelsea 's ivanovic <sec> luis suarez fined by his club liverpool after biting a chelsea opponent on sunday .  the striker has also been charged with violent conduct by the football association .  british prime minister says fa must take into account that player is a role model .  suarez asked for his fine to be donated to the hillsborough tragedy families charit .
 mad scramble for votes to fund government <sec> government funding is set to run out at midnight .  republicans and senate democratic leaders want to pass a catchall spending bill to fund the government until september .  democrats in the house have balked at language tucked in the bill that would roll out some wall street reform .
 former cnn president burt reinhardt dies at 91 <sec> burt reinhardt was a key cnn executive during the network 's crucial early years .  he was a world war ii combat photographer .  reinhardt worked for several organizations before cnn .  he was an integral part of the network 's organization , cnn founder ted turner say .
 former renault boss briatore free to return to formula one in 2013 <sec> flavio briatore free to return to formula one in 2013 after settling legal case with fia .  briatore overturned a lifetime ban from the sport 's governing body in january .  italian was former owner of formula one team renault .  his ban was imposed after the 'crashgate ' scandal at the 2008 singapore grand pri .
 'americhina ' looking for trust at the top <sec> gao : what is sorely lacking between china and the u.s. is trust at the top .  the informal meeting underlines the pragmatic relationship between the superpowers .  u.s. and china are the world 's largest economies and highly integrated with each other .  the bilateral trade between china and the u.s. this year will be beyond $ 500 billio .
 facebook launches mobile app for feature phones <sec> facebook has just announced a new mobile application for feature phones .  the app gives users a better , almost smartphone-like facebook experience .  users will be able to use the facebook app without incurring data charge .
 tokyo electric reports $ 15 billion net loss after earthquake , tsunami <sec> tokyo electric says it will decommission four reactors at the fukushima daiichi nuclear plant .  the company president and vice president announce their resignations .  tokyo electric hopes to save more than a trillion yen by cutting payroll and salaries , and selling real estate .  a march 11 earthquake and tsunami crippled the plan .
