 is the world ready for a jackson comeback ? <sec> jackson set to play o2 arena in the united kingdom .  renowned publicist says jackson smart to tackle smaller venue .  former billboard music critic : `` he 's a huge star there still .
 reports : storage unit searched in hernandez kidnapping <sec> report : abigail hernandez 's kidnapper held her in a storage unit .  nathaniel e. kibby , 34 , was arraigned on a felony kidnapping charge .  hernandez vanished as she headed home from school on october 9 , 2013 .  she returned home last week ; investigators have revealed few details about what happene .
 richard branson 's treasure island where richest celebrities holiday <sec> richard branson has opened up his caribbean island home for a new book .  branson purchased necker island in 1979 for just $ 180,000 .  visitors to the island over the years include nelson mandela , princess diana and tony blai .
 in short , lochte sets the gold standard <sec> lochte wins three golds on last day of world short-course swimming championships .  in all , lochte claims a record seven medals at the championships in dubai .  spain 's mireia belmonte garcia crowned top female swimmer with three golds and one silver .  united states tops the medal table with 12 gold and 25 in tota .
 poll : iowa senate race is extremely close <sec> democrat bruce braley and republican joni ernst are locked in a close race .  only one percentage point separates the two .  millions have been spent on the closely watched rac .
 obama on intel system : 'this was a screw-up ' <sec> `` we dodged a bullet , but just barely , '' official quotes obama as saying .  president made comments during and after meeting with security officials on alleged terror plot .  obama calls for preliminary reviews this week , then immediate reform .
 how competing networks will counterprogram nbc 's olympics <sec> with new original programs , other networks will likely draw a substantial audience .  tv , pop culture expert : even the olympics needs compelling storylines to nab viewers .  nbc 's rivals wo n't `` roll over and play dead '' because they have schedules to promote for fal .
 reviews : 'insurgent , ' 'the gunman , ' 'danny collins ' <sec> in theaters : `` insurgent , '' sequel to `` divergent '' .  sean penn stars in `` the gunman '' .  `` danny collins '' features al pacino as man who receives lost letter from john lenno .
 anger in norway over claim anders breivik has applied to university <sec> anders behring breivik has applied to study political science , norwegian broadcaster says .  university of oslo says it can not confirm or deny details of individual applications .  education minister suggests breivik 's application was denied .  breivik 's lawyer says he is still working to spread his far-right political views from his cel .
 top drug kingpin suspect arrested in colombia <sec> new : suspect had been hiding in jungle for two days , defense chief says .  daniel rendon herrera is colombia 's most-wanted drug kingpin suspect .  rendon `` one of the most feared narcotraffickers '' in world , colombian leader says .  thirty members of gang also arrested , report say .
 u.s. reopens embassy in yemen <sec> u.s. embassy in yemen reopens after being closed due to threats by al qaeda .  u.s. secretary of state calls yemen situation a possible threat to regional , global security .  great britain closed its embassy in yemen .  france , spain , japan and germany made changes to enhance embassy securit .
 police : nyc man arrested after going on stabbing , hijacking spree <sec> new : suspect tried to get into the front of a subway car , saying he was police .  new york 's top cop says maksim gelman , 23 , fatally stabbed 3 people .  gelman allegedly hit and killed someone with a stolen car , stabbed five others .  three victims are gelman 's stepfather , ex-girlfriend and ex-girlfriend 's mothe .
 male model andrej pejic is now female model andreja <sec> andreja pejic reveals her transition to people magazine .  she tells magazine that as a teen she googled `` sex change '' .  pejic says she feels it 's her social responsibility to share her stor .
 new banksy street art appears , disappears <sec> banksy artwork appears on uk city street but is soon taken down .  a youth center says it took the piece down to `` prevent vandalism '' .  the street art shows a couple embracing while checking their mobile phones .  a mural showing secret agents , believed to be a banksy , also discovered this weeken .
 no problems so far as april fools ' computer worm awakens <sec> conficker.c worm active in computers , but so far causes no harm .  experts are working with 116 countries to combat the worm .  washington post blog mocks conficker situation in april fool 's day blog .  conficker.c is thought to have infected up to 10 million computer .
 ukraine accuses russia of sending 32 tanks over border <sec> new : nato officer : crossing would be latest sign of `` russia 's aggression , '' destabilizing efforts .  ukraine official : russia 's military sent an `` armored column '' across border into ukraine .  another ukrainian official says this includes 32 tanks , 30 kamaz trucks , 16 howitzers .  russia blasts reports of its troop movements near ukraine as unfounded and `` provocative .
 sri lanka street party celebrates end of civil war <sec> revelers dance in the street , wave flags to celebrate end of sri lanka civil war .  sri lanka government declared victory over tamil tiger rebels on tuesday .  aid groups express fears for 250,000 displaced people in country 's northeast .  u.n. has accused the government of not providing enough help for refugee .
 final autopsy report on u.s. student shows accidental drowning <sec> student went missing after a night out with friends .  ten days later , police pulled his body from the manzanares river .  a court official says nothing indicated external factors in his deat .
 same-sex marriage bill passes new hampshire senate <sec> same-sex marriage bill returns to new hampshire house after senate approval .  critic of the bill : `` we do n't think the voters are going to forget about it '' .  if bill passes the house , it will be sent to the governor for approval or veto .  gov . .  john lynch , a democrat , has questioned the need for the bil .
 group : convoy attack kills 3 children , 19 adults in central africa <sec> `` it is a sign of the still fraught and highly dangerous situation , '' aid leader says .  attackers strike a convoy carrying muslims , save the children group says .  the african country is wracked by violence between christians and muslims .  at least 23 more people are injured and being treated at a hospital the group support .
 north korean mourners , crying to survive ? <sec> many wonder if north koreans ' grief over the death of kim jong il is genuine , says john sifton .  sifton : how could citizens mourn the passing of such a gross abuser of human rights ? .  in a totalitarian society , those who hate the regime are obliged to show patriotism , he says .  for many , to live in north korea is to live in fear for one 's very existence , sifton say .
 nelson mandela mourns his sister and last surviving sibling <sec> mandela 's sister , 81 , dies over the weekend .  her death comes the same weekend mandela returns to johannesburg .  despite his rare appearances , mandela retains his popularit .
 'please come home ' : family 's plea to syria-bound girl <sec> `` we are not mad at you , we love you , '' missing girl 's family says .  uk police say the three girls , two age 15 and one age 16 , are thought to be headed to syria .  they flew together tuesday to istanbul in turkey , police sa .
 stars turn out for dubai desert classic 's birthday <sec> some of golf 's biggest names celebrate the 25th birthday of the dubai desert classic .  woods , els , couples and olazabal among those playing an invitational tournament tuesday .  woods in relaxed mood despite poor start to the season at torrey pine .
 flight data recorder studied in jamaica accident <sec> american airlines plane overran runway , crashed into fence near kingston , jamaica .  national transportation safety board investigators are reviewing flight data recorder .  five people remain hospitalized after acciden .
 venezuela rejects certain human rights recommendations <sec> the u.n. 's human rights council conducted a review of venezuela .  it included 148 recommendations on human rights .  venezuela agreed to most , but rejected 38 recommendations .  those included suggestions on freedom of expression and judicial refor .
 myanmar 's suu kyi to visit thailand next week in first trip abroad in decades <sec> aung san suu kyi will visit europe next month to make several speeches .  she will also travel to thailand next week for a regional conference .  it will be her first trip abroad since she was released from years of house arrest .  western governments have eased sanctions on myanmar in response to recent reform .
 fear of science will kill us <sec> michael specter says fear of science can have deadly consequences .  he says the debate over genetically modified foods is off base .  all of the food we eat is genetically modified , specter says .  genetic improvement of food is the key to feeding billions more people , he say .
 obama announces development plan at u.n . <sec> initiative intended to spur global development efforts .  `` the united states is changing the way we do business , '' obama says .  pillars include changing outlook and emphasizing growth , responsibilit .
 the 10 wackiest conan o'brien interviews ever <sec> halle berry once went barefoot on the show because she left her shoes on set with regis .  will ferrell wished conan a happy birthday with booty shorts and a leprechaun dance .  o'brien 's new series , `` conan , '' premieres on tbs at 11 p.m. ( est ) monda .
 'white is beautiful : ' why india needs its own oprah winfrey <sec> many indians feel the disturbing obsession with fairness is compounded by westernization .  interest reignites after nina davaluri , of indian descent , is crowned miss america .  author recalls family members telling her to stay out of the sun lest she turn darke .
 u.s. in talks on whether it covers some of jpmorgan settlement <sec> justice department and jpmorgan reached tentative , $ 13 billion settlement last week .  the deal covers the bank 's mortgage securities practices .  sticking point involves liabilities associated with jpmorgan 's purchase of failing washington mutual .  jpmorgan finalizes portion of settlement with housing agenc .
 wyoming man charged with quadruple-murder in deaths of 3 children , man <sec> new : everett conant iii faces 4 first-degree murder charges , one for attempted murder .  new : at friday 's arraignment , a wyoming magistrate orders him held without bond .  police first meet his wife outside , who had been shot and said her children had been , too .  after conant is coaxed from the house , police find the four shooting victims insid .
 suspect pleads not guilty to obstructing boston bombings probe <sec> khairullozhon matanov is charged with destroying evidence in boston blasts .  he also faces three counts of making false statements to investigators .  defense lawyer edward hayden says indictment was based on `` unsubstantiated allegations '' .  he is not charged with the bombings , but with trying to hide ties to the tsarnaev brother .
 young iraqi amputee heads to u.s. for new hope <sec> boy , 12 , lost leg to car bombing in iraq ; cousin was killed by blast .  he is now heading to the united states to get a prosthetic leg .  boy : `` i want to ... meet this person that gave me my future back '' .  charity director says helping the boy makes her `` cry with joy .
 isis official killed in drone strike <sec> mullah abdul rauf was a taliban commander released from guantanamo bay by the u.s. in 2007 .  he became a recruiter for isis in afghanistan , reports say .  he was killed monday in a drone strike , two officials sa .
 pipeline explosion kills 44 in china , report says <sec> the pipeline caught fire near the port city of qingdao .  crews were trying to fix a leak at the time .  the pipeline connects the oil port with chemical plants further inlan .
 u.s. officials discover smuggling tunnel underneath rio grande <sec> crude tunnel found at u.s.-mexico border .  discovery as authorities found mexican youth with 200 pounds of marijuana .  mexican authorities called to find entrance on mexican sid .
 limited commitment so far for obama 's isis coalition - cnnpolitics.com <sec> secretary kerry meets with middle east allies on anti-isis efforts .  too early to announce nation-by-nation contributions , kerry says .  analyst : `` quiet cooperation '' more likely to avoid jihadist backlas .
 future player : alexandra cousteau <sec> alexandra cousteau is continuing the legacy of her famous family .  as an environmentalist , alexandra advocates for the protection of the oceans .  she 's set up several foundations to help inspire and educat .
 comeback kid nadal takes brazil title <sec> rafael nadal has won the brazil open .  nadal defeated argentinas david nalbandian 6-2 6-3 .  the title is nadal 's first since he returned from a seven-month absence .  spaniard is now looking ahead to further challenge .
 5 reasons atlanta is not a laughingstock <sec> georgia 's governor , atlanta 's mayor learned lessons from 2 weeks ago .  residents decided to heed warnings .  storm was worse , but roads were clea .
 clooney , streep big winners at golden globes <sec> `` the artist '' wins best comedy or musical film .  meryl streep is best actress in a drama film .  jean dujardin wins best actor in a comedy or musical movie for `` the artist '' .  octavia spencer wins best supporting actress in a film for `` the help .
 michael jackson tapes : madonna 'is not a nice person ' <sec> jackson 's former spiritual adviser , rabbi shmuley boteach , appears on `` larry king '' .  jackson describes thrill when brooke shields invited him to party , asked for dance .  pop star told boteach he thought he would have been able to transform hitler .  boteach 's lesson from jackson : fame is n't acceptable substitute for real lov .
 cnn student news transcript : may 31 , 2011 <sec> learn about some of the ceremonies associated with memorial day .  hear president obama 's pledge to the people of joplin , missouri .  discover the scope of this year 's destructive texas wildfire season .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 mother stands by son 's 'fifty shades ' costume <sec> a uk boy , 11 , dressed as `` fifty shades '' character christian grey for world book day .  liam scholes ' school said that the costume was inappropriate and insisted it be modified .  scholes ' mother told british media the costume was meant to be light-hearte .
 ex-imf chief accused of sexual assault out on bail , in lower manhattan <sec> strauss-kahn is staying in a new york apartment after leaving a rikers island jail .  source : strauss-kahn is paying for a security guard to monitor around the clock .  the imf says it will try to select a new managing director by june 30 .  strauss-kahn proclaimed innocence in his resignation letter to the imf executive boar .
 greek police arrest suspected fbi hacker <sec> an 18-year-old is detained on suspicion of attacks on the fbi and interpol , greek police say .  he is also accused of illegally obtaining credit cards through hacking .  he is charged with computer fraud and forgery as well as illegal weapons possessio .
 after newtown , mental health gains prominence in gun debate <sec> newtown massacre a year ago prompted hope among gun control advocates for action .  but congress did not approve tougher measures , including expanded background checks .  now , there is some movement on legislative proposals to bolster mental health services .  states are also acting on this issue , and gun control advocates are taking it up , to .
 miranda lambert leads 2014 cma awards nominees <sec> miranda lambert leads this year 's cma awards nominees .  she matched her personal record of 9 nods .  lambert will compete against her husband , blake shelton , for entertainer of the year .  the cma awards will air on november .
 report : four journalists detained in iran , three of them americans <sec> iranian official says jason rezaian and yeganeh salehi are among three journalists held .  the washington post says four journalists have apparently been detained this week .  they include jason rezaian , a u.s. citizen , and his wife , journalist yeganeh salehi .  the others are two freelance photojournalists , the post say .
 valerie gooding , ceo , bupa <sec> valerie gooding , ceo of bupa , speaks to cnn 's todd benjamin .  bupa has over 8 million customers in 190 countries .  valerie is one of ft 's top five most powerful businesswomen in europ .
 warm , sultry diana krall offers 'quiet nights ' <sec> diana krall 's new album , `` quiet nights , '' features bossa nova interpretations .  singer-pianist is producing barbara streisand 's new album .  she 's doing what she loves ; `` how lucky am i ? '' .  she say .
 women on front lines ? of course <sec> vernice armour : in 2004 battle in iraq , she saved a marine squad by shooting a missile .  she says rescued marines did n't care she was a woman . .  now pentagon lifting ban .  she says women in combat roles does n't lower standards ; they have long served in military .  armour : having more women on battlefield will up military 's ability to carry out missio .
 autopsy to determine how missing new hampshire girl died <sec> the father of celina cass , 11 , describes her as a `` very good girl ... kind , considerate '' .  he says celina told him that her household `` gave her great love '' .  the girl 's body is found in the connecticut river .  authorities now consider the girl 's death `` suspicious .
 trenton , new jersey , mayor arrested on corruption charges <sec> new : the trenton mayor 's lawyer calls evidence presented against his client `` weak '' .  new : tony mack plans to remain in his job as mayor of new jersey 's capital , says his lawyer .  mack , his brother and an associate are accused in a real estate kickback scheme .  the federal charges stem from a two-year fbi investigatio .
 opinion : what 's the big deal about sexting ? <sec> rey junco : american society has a double standard when it comes to sexuality .  junco : sexting , if not abused or exploited , is not a social evil .  he says sexting is a way to express one 's sexual identity , especially for teenagers .  junco : but sexting presents legal and social ramifications , including bullyin .
 devices found in sc school after student opens fire <sec> school police officer hit by shrapnel .  several devices found in south carolina school after shooting .  male student detained by polic .
 continental matches delta baggage fee increase <sec> online charges for checked bags will be $ 23 for the first bag , $ 32 for the second .  checking in bags at airport will be even more : $ 25 for first bag , $ 35 for second .  new delta rates start tuesday ; continental rates are for travel on or after january 1 .
 5 killed , 12 injured in explosion at chemical plant in japan <sec> new : police say 5 died ; fire officials had said previously that 5 were critically injured .  the incident happened during a maintenance and cleaning operation , police say .  the plant is located in yokkaichi , japa .
 why caroline kennedy is a good pick for japan post <sec> jennifer lind : obama nominated caroline kennedy to be u.s. ambassador to japan .  she says efforts of jfk , rfk to fortify u.s.-japan relations left lasting good impression in japan .  critiques of kennedy as lacking experience should take this key legacy into account .  lind : she has obama 's ear -- and a legacy to uphold ; tokyo pleased with the pic .
 former libyan spy chief arrested in mauritania <sec> new : u.s. rep. nancy pelosi is in libya to lead a congressional delegation .  al-senussi was arrested at an airport in mauritania on friday , libyan authorities said .  he was the intelligence chief for libya 's moammar gadhafi .  he is wanted by the international criminal cour .
 why robin williams lost to depression ( opinion ) <sec> robin williams , who was battling severe depression , committed suicide .  michael friedman : depression does not discriminate and shows no mercy .  he says the stigma of depression needs to be overcome in our society .  friedman : integrating mental health screening in primary care would hel .
 looking for a clean beach ? consult the stars <sec> new study ranked 200 u.s. beaches according to water quality tests .  delaware , new hampshire and virginia have the cleanest beach water .  ocean city , maryland , consistently ranks as one of the best for water quality .  fairview beach in virginia consistently ranks as one of the wors .
