 u.s. missionary once held by colombian rebels now accused of aiding them <sec> authorities say russell stendal gave rebels medical and communications aid .  the american missionary was once held hostage by the farc rebels .  `` somebody set a trap for me , and i walked into it , '' he says in a video posted onlin .
 romney 's plan would shred safety net for poor <sec> karen dolan : mitt romney 's remark that he 's `` not concerned about very poor '' was telling .  she says it 's classic romney : out-of-touch , scripted to pander to middle-class voters .  she says romney 's plans show safety-net programs would be cut in his administration .  dolan : romney should be concerned about nearly 14 % of americans in povert .
 relatives to identify phuket crash dead <sec> relatives of the 89 people killed in thai air crash are still arriving in phuket .  about 36 of the bodies have yet to be identified , according to thai authorities .  u.s. embassy in bangkok confirms that five americans were among the dead .  the investigation into what caused sunday 's crash is still continuin .
 taxi drivers gridlock european cities to protest uber cab app <sec> taxi drivers create gridlock in several european cities to protest uber mobile phone app .  they say they app violates rules on cab licensing with its `` metering '' function and ruins livelihoods .  uber says it is helping create jobs and bringing positive change to transportation industr .
 indian militant group labeled terrorists by u.s . <sec> the indian mujahideen has close links to pakistani militant groups .  the group has carried out a flurry of attacks in recent year .
 paris airshow turns 50 <sec> 50th paris airshow -- world 's largest aviation industry event -- takes place from june 17 to 23 .  more than 2,000 exhibitors from 44 countries around the world will display their wares .  2013 highlights include flight demonstrations by russian sukhoi su 35 fighter jet .  boeing and airbus are both expected to announce a flood of new order .
 chinese police makes arrests in crackdown on 'online jihad ' <sec> police in xinjiang arrest 139 people for spreading religious extremism online .  arrest comes amid wider crackdown on internet rumors in china .  ethnic tensions exist between han chinese and predominantly muslim uyghur .
 ex-tiffany 's exec accused of stealing $ 1.3 million in jewelry <sec> former vice president accused of reselling 165 pieces to international jewelry company .  sold jewelry includes diamond bracelets , earrings and pendants , officials say .  jewelry was discovered missing after executive was laid off , tiffany 's say .
 apocalyptic 'knowing ' hits anxious chord <sec> `` knowing '' was weekend 's no . .  1 film .  apocalyptic thriller stars nicolas cage as professor who sees clues in numbers .  film taps into themes of religion , spirituality , end-times concerns , say maker .
 ex-kgb billionaire buys uk newspaper <sec> london paper evening standard will be owned by billionaire alexander lebedev .  russian ex-kgb agent owns independent russian newspaper novaya gazeta .  lebedev paid £1 for london title , reflecting the paper 's lack of profitablilt .
 4 journalists arrested in uk phone hacking probe <sec> new : trinity mirror names two of those arrested as editor and deputy editor of the people .  new : `` we are cooperating with the police and we have no further comment , '' says media firm .  police say the investigation is separate from a probe of news of the world .  all four people arrested are current or former journalists at mirror group newspaper .
 fatal shooting of florida teen turned over to state attorney <sec> trayvon martin , 17 , is fatally shot during a neighborhood watch .  police say george zimmerman , 28 , saw the teen and called 911 .  by the time police arrived , the teen was dead with a gunshot wound in the ches .
 'the walking dead 's ' brutal season 4 comes to an end <sec> `` the walking dead 's '' fourth-season finale airs sunday night .  as carol , melissa mcbride has been at the center of some brutal scenes this season .  the actress promises a `` crazy '' final .
 thai police raid illegal border camp holding rohingyas <sec> thai police detain 531 muslim rohingya being held in a camp near the malaysian border .  they were acting on reports the refugees were being held by human traffickers .  three suspected ringleaders were also being held by police .  rohingyas , stateless muslims from myanmar , have been fleeing violence ther .
 romantic valentine 's day spots to avoid <sec> lonely singers should avoid spots where couples gather on valentine 's day .  romantic pairs tend to hang out on beaches and at landmarks .  many couples can be found cuddling and kissing at restaurant and desert places .  singles should n't go see romantic movie , but choose action flick at theate .
 christie has repair work to do with conservatives <sec> new jersey 's chris christie 's decision to choose clinton over faith and freedom forum rankles conservatives .  some still blame christie 's praise of barack obama in sandy aftermath for mitt romney 's loss .  early christie supporter says christie is `` showing his other side '' .  new : new jersey republicans view christie favorably in new surve .
 'when a man loves a woman ' singer percy sledge dies <sec> `` when a man loves a woman '' singer percy sledge dies at 73 .  sledge died tuesday morning in baton rouge , louisiana .  `` when a man loves a woman '' is cornerstone of soul music , much covered and much playe .
 2 friends of boston bombing suspect plead not guilty <sec> new : lawyer : suspect 's `` only crime '' was befriending someone who spoke russian .  dias kadyrbayev and azamat tazhayakov enter not guilty pleas in federal court .  they face obstruction charges for allegedly helping their friend dzhokhar tsarnaev .  tsarnaev and his dead brother are accused in the deadly boston marathon bombin .
 gingrich has it wrong about the poor <sec> lz granderson did n't know it growing up , but his family and neighborhood were poor .  granderson 's neighborhood 's work ethic was strong and his parents worked long , hard hours .  granderson : this country is great because of poor who worked hard and helped others .  gingrich says work ethic is absent in poor neighborhoods , he writes , but that 's just wron .
 the glamorous heiress who devoted her life to jazz <sec> british baroness of rothschild family abandoned her family for new york jazz scene .  as the 'the jazz baroness , ' she mingled with greats including charlie parker , miles davies .  love of music helped her build a life-long friendship with jazz great thelonious mon .
 source : benghazi contractors seem to contradict cia chief - cnnpolitics.com <sec> cia has said contractors not required to sign nondisclosure forms about benghazi .  but questions are raised about the timing , intent of the forms .  contractors who responded to terror attacks in libya tell their story to congress .  ambassador christopher stevens and three other americans were kille .
 saudi female entrepreneurs exploit changing attitudes <sec> although they ca n't yet drive , some saudi women have started successful enterprises .  entrepreneurial activity is mainly confined to already wealthy women , says researcher .  saudi 's leader has been softening legislation , making it easier for women to work .  young saudi businesswoman maria mahdaly feels more supported , she say .
 dominican lawmaker declares presidential victory <sec> new : his closest competitor has not conceded the election .  `` i am the president of all dominicans , '' danilo medina posts on twitter .  the election is a rematch of the 2000 elections .  dominican populations abroad play an important role in votin .
 tobacco health warnings around the world <sec> health officials around the world hailed the decision by australia 's high court .  paved way for cigarettes to be sold in australia without iconic branding .  42 nations around the world require graphic warning labels on cigarettes .  canada and 18 other nations require at least 50 % of a pack to be health warning .
 bin hammam fails with fifa ban appeal <sec> fifa rejects mohammed bin hammam 's appeal against his life ban from football .  qatari had been found guilty of breaching ruling body 's code of ethics .  the 62-year-old was accused of trying to buy votes from caribbean delegates .  he had been head of the asian football confederation since 200 .
 lawyer : ex-bart officer went to nevada after death threats <sec> new : officer went to nevada to `` clear his mind '' after death threats , lawyer says .  ex-bart officer johannes mehserle charged with murder .  oscar grant iii was shot to death at oakland , california , transit station .  grant 's death has spawned public outrage and a string of protest .
 analysis : sri lanka 's media faces growing pressure <sec> journalist slain , another stabbed and a tv station attacked in last four weeks .  government pledges investigations , says no restrictions on media .  sixteen journalists killed in sri lanka since 1992 , media rights group says .  attacks come as government says it is close to defeating the tamil tiger rebel .
 democrats trying to make minimum wage a key midterm issue <sec> democrats opt for procedural maneuver to try to get house vote on the issue .  they want to raise the minimum wage from $ 7.25 to $ 10.10 per hour .  democrats want debate over a wage hike to be a key part of their campaign strateg .
 'precious , ' 'last station ' lead spirit noms <sec> `` precious '' and `` last station '' both lead independent spirit award nominations .  acclaimed indie `` hurt locker '' did n't earn any nominations , as it was nominated last year .  `` ( 500 ) days of summer '' is up for best picture , along with `` amreeka , '' `` sin nombre .
 al qaeda video resurfaces urging radicals to buy guns in u.s. - cnnpolitics.com <sec> video from 2011 shows al qaeda spokesman discussing ease of buying a gun in the u.s . .  adam gadahn is known for sharing his thoughts through video .  the video resurfaced on buzzfeed as debate congress continues over gun control .  al qaeda has had a history of inspiring lone wolf terrorist .
 drew peterson charged with hiring hit on prosecutor <sec> imprisoned drew peterson charged with two counts of murder solicitation .  peterson was convicted in 2012 of murdering his ex-wife .  new charges alleged he hired a hitman to kill the prosecutor that put him behind bar .
 opinion : finally , a nation legalizes pot <sec> in uruguay , a proposal supported across the social spectrum to make pot legal has passed .  hannah hetzer : uruguay knows prohibition has n't worked and wastes lives and dollars .  hetzer : uruguay 's leaders chose regulation of an existing reality , which also fights crime .  hetzer : the world should take a lesson from this tiny country with a history of political refor .
 man dies after 65-foot fall at turner field during baseball game <sec> new : homer was alone when he fell , witnesses tell police .  a cause of death has not being released , pending toxicology results .  homer , 30 , of georgia , dies after falling at turner field , officials say .  he fell about 65 feet from an upper level of atlanta braves ' baseball stadiu .
 michael schumacher 's wife thanks fans for support ahead of german gp <sec> corinna schumacher thanks motorsport fans in official race german gp program .  wife of 45-year-old former champ praises fans for `` good wishes and positive energies '' .  schumacher injured head in skiing accident last december .  schumacher 's agent said in june that the racing star was no longer in a com .
 vicks nasal spray recalled over bacteria <sec> vicks spray recalled after small amount of product found to contain bacteria .  bacteria poses little risk to healthy people , proctor and gamble says .  no reports of illness from the bacteria , it say .
 house fire kills 6 members of indianapolis family <sec> four of the victims were children , ranging from 6 to 14 years old .  the mayor of indianapolis calls the deaths `` tragic '' .  no smoke detectors were found in the hom .
 is civil rights group losing its relevance ? <sec> roland martin : southern christian leadership conference a towering civil rights group .  but , he says , it 's been riven by infighting in recent years that has hurt its ability to do its work .  he says incoming ceo is promising , but squabbling board of directors detracts .  martin : if new ceo wants sclc to regain relevance , he must quell drama , move forwar .
 schwarzenegger son seriously injured in surfing accident <sec> new : `` it has been a very scary week , '' his parents say .  new : `` he is a brave boy and is expected to make a full recovery , '' family says .  christopher schwarzenegger , 13 , slammed into an object on a malibu beach , a source says .  his parents are divorcing after the revelation that his father has an out-of-wedlock so .
 israel expels venezuelan ambassador <sec> venezuelan ambassador to israel and two others expelled .  move in response to venezuela breaking diplomatic relations over gaza attack .  venezuelan foreign minister says country is proud of the expulsion from israe .
 hurricane manuel hits mexico ; dozens missing after mudslide <sec> new : mexico 's president describes the damage as `` catastrophic '' .  new : at least 58 people are missing in a community hit by a mudslide .  interior ministry : rains from storms have killed at least 80 .  manuel has strengthened into a hurrican .
 democrats : 1 million signatures collected for wisconsin governor recall <sec> new : the wisconsin democratic party says it has collected more than 1 million signatures .  gov . .  scott walker drew the ire of labor unions and public school teachers last year .  state democratic party chair : the `` impressive number '' is `` beyond any challenges '' .  `` the overwhelming majority of the people in the state chose not to sign , '' walker say .
 hometown glory : how japanese soccer club rose above disaster <sec> sendai was devastated by the tsunami which struck japan in march .  soccer team vegalta sendai were left without a training ground and unable to play in their stadium .  the side have since made an unbeaten start to the japanese j-league seaso .
 official : penn . police shooting suspect left notes <sec> eric frein appears to have left notes after allegedly killing cop in pennsylvania .  frein , 31 , suspected in september 12 ambush of 2 officers ; 1 died .  police say he planned attack for year .
 unilever pays $ 3.7bn for alberto culver <sec> anglo-dutch conglomerate unilever to buy alberto culver for $ 3.7bn ( £2.3bn ) . .  alberto culver is us-based consumer goods company with famous haircare brands . .  for the 12 months to june , alberto culver made revenues of $ 1.6bn ( £1.1bn ) . .  alberto culver group employs 2,700 people and has operations in nine countries .
 nigerian militants threaten new raids to seize more hostages <sec> the nigerian military rescue 19 hostages .  mend is one of several militant groups battling the government .  it says it will launch an all-out attack on oil installation .
 poison , not snake , killed cleopatra , scholar says <sec> cleopatra died after drinking poisons and not snake bite , german scholar says .  scholar worked with toxicologist to arrive at theory .  findings to be presented on german television program .  ancient writings show cleopatra was familiar with poison , had tested som .
 5 facebook profile pics that make you look like a tool <sec> the self-taken `` myspace shot '' makes you look like you have no friends .  do n't hide behind your friends in the shot that 's supposed to show who you are .  halloween party photos are awesome -- but not so awesome in late-novembe .
 cnn student news transcript : may 3 , 2010 <sec> find out how a t-shirt vendor helped defuse an attempted bomb attack .  consider the long-term impact of an oil spill on the u.s. gulf coast .  take note of a recent choir concert that none of the singers attended .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 from howard dean to the tea party : the power of meetup.com <sec> meetup.com played a strong part in the 2004 campaign of democrat howard dean .  out of the 2012 presidential candidates , only ron paul is big on meetup .  meetup founder scott heiferman says the tea party was born on the site .  meetup is enabling americans to create quasi-third parties for new voices and issue .
 one man 's story : when an autistic child grows up <sec> jeff donohoo , 36 , is an adult living with autism .  donohoo lives in tennessee with his parents and works at a hospital .  his autism was diagnosed during his freshman year of high school .  donohoo 's mother : `` it 's rewarding today , because he 's come so far . .
 unrest in egypt : questions and answers <sec> protesters seek representative government , economic opportunity .  a young man in tunisia sparked waves of protests in several countries .  many protesters are young , unemployed , middle-class .  a human rights watch researcher says more than 120 have die .
 shaking up 'kila-delphia ' with cameras <sec> photojournalists launch website to fight philadelphia gun violence .  guncrisis.org posts crime scene photos to raise awareness .  of the most populated u.s. cities , philadelphia has highest murder rate .  councilman : `` when it comes to 200 urban kids dying , nobody cares . .
 zakaria : obama speech idealistic and realistic <sec> fareed zakaria : president 's speech shows he 's trying to balance idealism , world realities .  he says he must ensure that moral case for war is matched by effective military mission .  nobel speech , afghanistan speech are clearest statements of obama 's worldview , he says .  more about the speech on `` fareed zakaria gps , '' sunday , 1 and 5 p.m. e .
 u.n. : half of syria 's populace will need aid <sec> the world body announces its largest appeal ever : $ 5 billion .  1.6 million people have fled syria as fighting rages on .  2.45 million are displaced .  those figures are predicted to gro .
 iran , world powers agree to meet again on nuclear issue <sec> iran has critical choice to make , clinton says .  iranian negotiator touts `` cooperation '' over `` pressure '' .  `` significant differences '' remain between world powers and iran on its nuclear program .  iran and world powers have agreed to meet next month in moscow for more talk .
 kindle hd vs. ipad : a comparison <sec> amazon 's kindle fire hd goes head-to-head with the ipad .  the fire wins on price , coming in $ 200 less than apple 's cheapest tablet .  but there are 225,000 apps designed for the ipad , a dominating number .  both tablets offer high-definition display .
 missing maine toddler 's wants arrests , citing purported evidence <sec> toddler ayla reynolds was reported missing december 17 , 2011 .  the mother of the 20-month old tells cnn of details about purported evidence .  reynolds says she was shown photographs of what appeared to be her daughter 's blood .  the photos were taken in the house ayla shared with her father and other relative .
 syria 's endgame in sight as rebels advance <sec> stepped up fighting in damascus signifies the beginning of end , one syrian says .  rebel gains in past month : taking oil fields , downing aircraft , getting weapons .  observers : climate has changed in syria , the war may be wrapping u .
 unhappy djokovic follows nadal out of madrid <sec> novak djokovic loses 7-6 ( 2 ) , 6-3 to janko tipsarevic in madrid .  djokovic says he will not play in madrid again while the clay is blue .  nadal said he would also boycott the event after his loss a day earlier .  roger federer , serena williams and victoria azarenka all through to semifinal .
 music stars ' favorite holiday traditions <sec> tim mcgraw makes spaghetti and meatballs for his family on christmas eve .  alicia keys will cook , play cards and sip hot apple cider with family .  jennifer hudson and her husband will be celebrating their son 's first christma .
 saudi preacher sentenced to 8 years , 600 lashes for killing 5-year-old daughter <sec> sentencing is met with disgust among saudi social media users .  fayhan al-ghamdi is found guilty of torturing his daughter , a human-rights official says .  `` the girl 's mother ceded her original request to sentence the father to death , '' the official says .  the girl suffered broken ribs , a crushed skull , bruising and burns , a hospital say .
 group challenges acai berry weight-loss claims <sec> companies offering free trials of acai pills accused of bilking consumers .  health claims about acai berries are unsubstantiated by research .  connecticut attorney general called acai claims `` fabrications .
 in new hampshire , early signs of the 2016 presidential race <sec> potential 2016 presidential candidates already influencing national dialogue .  while it 's too early to mount a campaign , there are steps potential candidates are taking .  social conservatives have large say in later primaries but centrist could do well in n.h .
 opinion : law and war will not beat jihad <sec> we must examine why isis narrative has resonance and appeal , writes ghaffar hussain .  hussain : groups like isis restore collective pride to muslims feeling victimized , humiliated .  blame can be shifted to perceived enemy and sinister anti-muslim conspiracy theories , he adds .  mainstream muslim commentators must promote positive role models , hussain say .
