 iowan : cold hurts , makes 'skin burn ' <sec> new : it felt like 40 below in minneapolis , minnesota , because of wind chill .  new : it was 10 below in chicago -- without the wind chill .  icy cold front is pushing into the southeast and could last through saturday .  ireport.com : cold near you ? .  share your photos , video , storie .
 gop 's surprising edge on diversity <sec> john avlon : gop senators , governors more diverse than democrats .  he says party has the edge in diversity among higher-ranking offices .  avlon says gop has trouble attracting black , hispanic voters .  he adds that among members of house , gop diversity sorely lackin .
 talk asia live with aamir khan <sec> aamir khan is the guest for a special live edition of talk asia .  live event was filmed infront of an audience in mumbai earlier this month .  oscar-nominated khan is one of bollywood 's most inventive talent .
 mexican drug arrests come close to drug lord 's inner circle <sec> police arrested victor manuel felix and seven other members of the sinaloa cartel .  felix is the father-in-law of one of joaquin guzman 's children .  guzman is one of the most-wanted men in mexic .
 strangers gather on web to make collective art <sec> large groups of people are creating collaborative art projects online .  one site wants to re-film `` star wars '' in 15-second clips , submitted by viewers .  another has a customizable tapestry of 20 musicians , each playing their own tune .  experts say the art comments on digital society and online connection .
 dutch role in afghanistan in doubt as government collapses <sec> labor party members quit the coalition government after talks fail .  speculation that the political squabble over afghanistan could not be settled .  the netherlands has roughly 2,000 troops serving in afghanistan 's uruzgan provinc .
 promoter grilled about 'smoking gun ' e-mail in jackson death trial <sec> aeg live exec struggles to explain `` smoking gun '' e-mail .  paul gongaware : `` i have no idea '' why he wrote aeg was paying dr. conrad murray .  jackson lawyers argue e-mail shows the concert promoter hired the doctor .  gongaware 's repeated `` i do n't recall '' answers draw laughs in cour .
 conrad hilton reaches plea deal in flight assault case <sec> conrad hilton , younger brother of paris hilton , will admit to misdemeanor assault .  penalty for the charge is up to six months in prison , but prosecutors will recommend probation .  hilton signs court documents stating he smoked pot on flight , `` became belligerent .
 american father mistreated in japanese jail , attorney says <sec> official in japan denies `` torture , '' says dad is receiving `` special '' treatment .  japanese official : dad gets regular attorney visits , interpreter for interviews .  christopher savoie accused of trying to kidnap his kids after ex-wife fled to japan .  savoie held without trial ; denied medical treatment , says attorne .
 computer virus stuxnet a 'game changer , ' dhs official tells senate <sec> a senate panel hears testimony about a new computer worm .  it 's called stuxnet , and it targets computers that run critical infrastructure systems .  the department of homeland security 's cybersecurity chief calls it a `` game changer .
 phil hughes : michael clarke moves world to tears with eulogy <sec> australian cricketer phillip hughes ' funeral took place in his hometown macksville .  hughes died after being hit in the head by a cricket ball last week .  his friend , the australian cricket captain michael clarke , said he felt his spirit .  he said his friend had `` left a mark on our game that needs no embellishment .
 kagan opposed making doctor-assisted suicide federal crime <sec> kagan memo on doctor-assisted suicide part of 46,000 documents from clinton years .  notes were response to justice department case on oregon law .  conservatives concerned that memo suggests kagan might by 'judicial activist ' .  supreme court ultimately upheld oregon assisted suicide la .
 cnn student news - november 22 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 south korean firm accused of stealing secrets for kevlar <sec> indictment says kolon industries stole trade secrets from dupont and a japanese firm .  a dupont plant in richmond , virginia , makes kevlar .  the high-strength fiber is used in body armor , fiber-optic cables and industrial product .
 syrian defectors : only no-fly zone can protect us <sec> syrian defectors kick president al-assad 's forces out of one neighborhood in homs .  one journalist has just left homs , and cnn is showcasing what he saw on front lines .  they told him what was motivating them in their struggle against overwhelming force .  in baba amr , many believe real change in syria will only come from barrel of gu .
 senator 'optimistic ' egypt ngo standoff near end <sec> sen. lindsey graham says he is `` very optimistic '' a resolution to the crisis is near .  forty-three people -- including 19 americans -- accused of working for civil society groups .  nongovermental organization workers charged with operating in egypt without licenses .  in december , egyptian authorities carried out 17 raids on offices of 10 group .
 fast-food patron , manager go 'wwe ' on would-be robber <sec> richard barret was eating at his favorite fast-food restaurant when a gunman entered .  barret helped the store 's manager bring down the would-be robber .  he also spoke to authorities over the phone while he held the robber dow .
 an exclusive peek inside the dubai mall <sec> the dubai mall gets more visitors than the eiffel tower , niagara falls and disney world combined .  the shopping complex is the world 's largest , spanning the length of more than 50 football pitches .  it cost $ 20b to build , and employs a staff of 20,00 .
 tiger woods hits back at his critics <sec> tiger woods is struggling for form ahead of this week 's players championship .  former world no . .  1 missed the cut at quail hollow on return to pga tour .  he says the changes he is making to his swing will take time to bear fruit .  woods will play alongside quail hollow victor rickie fowler at tpc sawgras .
 suspect in etan patz case arraigned on murder charge <sec> new : pedro hernandez is quiet and shows no apparent emotion during his arraignment .  new : his lawyer cites hernandez 's `` long psychiatric history '' .  authorities believe hernandez killed etan patz , a new york boy who went missing 33 years ago .  investigators have not found forensic evidence linking him to the case , official say .
 capt jack sparrow and the 10 greatest movie mariners <sec> plucky brit 's sailing skills save the uk from invasion in `` the riddle of the sands '' .  a dashing marlon brando leads yet another `` mutiny on the bounty '' .  `` erik the viking '' asks a wolf to spit out the sun and sails using a magical horn .  captain jack sparrow saves keira knightley in `` pirates of the caribbean .
 kerry kennedy charged in hit-and-run crash <sec> new : she was charged with operating a motor vehicle while her ability was impaired by drugs .  her spokesman says tests showed no substances in her system .  she is scheduled to appear in court tuesday .  new york state police she was driving under the influence of drug .
 turkey bans may day rallies <sec> turkish authorities went to great lengths to prevent public gatherings in istanbul .  they used tear gas and water cannon to disperse demonstrators who defied ban .  a ban last year led to a year of anti-government violence and demonstration .
 loving and losing a dog : your stories <sec> singer fiona apple recently canceled a tour to stay home with her dying dog .  cnn.com readers understand her decision after enduring their own dogs ' deaths .  they shared tributes on ireport.com to dogs they loved and los .
 strauss-kahn : 'i do n't think i have any ... problem with women ' <sec> former imf chief dominique strauss-kahn : 'what happens in a [ hotel ] room is a private thing ' .  strauss-kahn speaks to cnn 's richard quest in first english-language interview since leaving imf .  the economist says he 's helping underdeveloped countrie .
 obama proposes making 'pay-as-you-go ' the law <sec> paygo proposal calls for balancing increased spending with equal savings .  `` paying for what you spend is basic common sense , '' obama says .  rep. cantor says remarks seem `` a tad disingenuous , '' given recent spending .  some costs would be exempt , including medicare payments to doctor .
 protest parties shake up pivotal european elections <sec> euroskeptic parties have claimed a big chunk of votes in eu election .  however , their power inside the parliament will likely to be diluted by a lack of cooperation .  the protest vote is likely to put pressure on governments of the member state .
 surgery saves girl 's face from rare disorder <sec> parry-romberg syndrome is an extremely rare autoimmune disorder .  one side of her face was developing normally while the other side was deteriorating .  the relocated tissue will grow along with christine as she mature .
 dutch state found liable over srebrenica massacre <sec> court finds the dutch state liable in the deaths of more than 300 bosnian muslim men .  it says dutch peacekeepers should not have let the men be taken away by bosnian serbs .  the mothers of srebrenica group brought the case against the dutch state .  nearly 8,000 muslim men and boys were massacred in srebrenica in 199 .
 russian authorities release most of greenpeace protest group <sec> russian authorities arrested the group called arctic 30 in september .  group members were protesting oil drilling in the arctic on the ship arctic sunrise .  the 30 were charged with piracy , but the charge was later dropped .  authorities let four go friday , bringing the total of those released to 1 .
 south korea wins little league world series title <sec> south korea defeats chicago 8-4 to win the little league world series .  hwang jae-yeong and jeon jin-woo each drove in two runs .  japan posted a 5-0 victory over las vegas in the consolation gam .
 crowd trouble sees italy tie abandoned <sec> euro 2012 group c qualifier between italy and serbia abandoned after just six minutes .  the match in genoa is called off following serious crowd disturbances .  spain , netherlands and germany all retain their 100 per cent qualifying records .  but england lose theirs after being held to a 0-0 home draw with montenegr .
 unions prepare for general strike in spain <sec> spain 's unions called for a general strike thursday .  the unions hope to disrupt transportation and industry .  spain has an unemployment rate of 23 .
 libyans find voice in new era of press freedom <sec> 120 newspapers have launched in benghazi since february .  the newspapers are mostly run by engineers , doctors and students .  international organizations are helping to train up libyan journalist .
 newsquiz : week of september 19 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 what makes members of nypd bomb squad tick ? <sec> cnn visits the bomb squad that handled the recent times square incident .  det . .  greg abbate : `` there 's a very strong bond between us '' .  despite the dangers , squad members eager to be the one to suit up when a call comes i .
 militants in pakistan attack supply trucks bound for afghanistan <sec> new : two attacks damage trucks and kill two people .  militants use petrol bombs to damage 25 trucks .  about half of u.s. cargo comes into afghanistan via pakistan , pentagon says .  torkham gate remains close .
 venezuelans used intelligence operation to find missing catcher <sec> new : six people have been arrested in connection with the kidnapping .  new : police are looking for a colombian man who allegedly gave orders .  ramos is healthy and unharmed , state media report .
 chinese communists , 90 years later , still fighting corruption <sec> corruption remains rife and is among one of most incendiary sources of public anger .  officials say rampant corruption is unintended consequence of change .  official abuse extends to all levels of officialdom .  former head of china national nuclear corporation sentenced to life last yea .
 longer lines at airports due to budget cuts ? <sec> some extended wait times at customs can be traced to government spending cuts .  tsa says security lines will get longer as cuts continue .  cuts also expected to impact faa air traffic services , possibly airline schedules .  more than $ 85 billion in government-wide spending cuts took effect on frida .
 sari to suits calendar empowers south asian women <sec> cnn 's moni basu shares her story of struggle and success as a south asian woman .  basu was featured as part of the saris for suits calendar , a tool created to empower women .  the saris for suits campaign aims to create awareness about violence against women in immigrant communitie .
 no oil bounty for france and uk as libya rebuilds <sec> the uk and french support of the libyan revolution was not all about oil .  however , there are questions around whether they expect a bounty in return for their support .  contracts to help the state oil company improve production and further exploration rights for gas could be up for grab .
 skater kramer cries tears of golden anguish after disqualification <sec> sven kramer left in tears after confused communication with his coach cost him a gold medal .  dutch speed skater was seeking his second victory at the 2010 winter olympics .  he set fastest time in 10,000-meter event but was disqualified for incorrect lane change .  the 23-year-old blamed coach gerard kemkers for giving him the wrong informatio .
 antiwar protesters demand the u.s. leave iraq <sec> about 1,000 people demonstrate in washington .  they want wikileaks suspect manning freed .  it was the 8th anniversary of the wa .
 white house social secretary to step down <sec> desiree rogers came under scrutiny after white house state dinner .  she says her decision is unrelated to the fallout over the security breach . .  `` headed back to private sector , '' she says in e-mail .  `` we are enormously grateful ... for the terrific job she 's done , '' obamas sa .
 ghana farmers lose out in gold mining boom <sec> daniel owusu-koranteng is founder of a mining advocacy group wacam .  the group offers education , training and legal support to people affected by large scale mining .  ghana is africa 's second largest producer of gold after south afric .
 when the holidays turn depressing <sec> dr. charles raison : changing how you approach the holidays may help curb negative feelings .  some people feel depressed over family issues during the holidays .  fluoxetine ( prozac ) received fda approval in december 1987 .  raison : full healing requires an inner transformatio .
 afghanistan signs deal keeping u.s. troops beyond 2014 <sec> new : president barack obama hails `` historic day '' that will aid long-term afghan security .  signing comes one day after the swearing-in of afghanistan 's new president .  united states was poised to withdraw all its troops by end of year if deal was n't signed .  agreement was negotiated by former afghan president hamid karzai , who later renege .
 obama leads summit 's adoption of nuclear arms resolution <sec> new : libya can serve as example of cooperation , white house spokesman says .  resolution calls for preventing nuclear weapons from being stolen , used by military .  obama , russian president dimitry medvedev working to reduce stockpiles .  venezuelan president hugo chavez on `` larry king live '' tonight , 9 e .
 real madrid lose to lyon again in europe <sec> french club lyon keep up their hoodoo over real madrid with 1-0 home victory .  jean makoun scores only goal of champions league last-16 tie just after halftime .  real have lost last three times without scoring a goal at lyon 's stade gerland .  second leg is next month at madrid 's santiago bernabeu , which hosts the final in ma .
 bernie sanders is headed back to iowa - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sanders is headed back to iowa to further explore a 2016 presidential run .  he will spend three days and headline six events in the critically important presidential state .  as he has done in the past , sanders will primarily speak to college students and liberal group .
 new orleans ' smoking ban takes effect <sec> new orleans bars are smoke-free as of wednesday morning .  a lawsuit by harrah 's and bar owners seeks to overturn the ba .
 mom chooses son over service <sec> spc . .  alexis hutchinson refuses deployment orders to stay with son .  hutchinson claims plans for mother to take care of her child fell through .  army says hutchinson had plenty of time to come up with alternate plan .
 turn signal lever stuck in man 's arm for 51 years <sec> a crash in 1963 broke several of driver aurthur lampitt 's bones .  lampitt had a lever stuck in his arm for decades but did n't know it .  years later , it started protruding through his skin , and he had surgery to remove i .
 opinion : what boston suspects taught you <sec> david weinberger has been laying low in boston not knowing things all day .  he says assumptions abounded before suspects were named .  if new details have surprised us , we learn something about how we think the world works , he says .  weinberger : we funnel understanding through our assumption .
 is fear of injury pushing nfl players like borland out ? <sec> roxanne jones : several nfl players just beginning their careers , including chris borland , are walking away .  some say they 're leaving for new opportunities , jones says .  but maybe the news about football 's serious injuries is getting through , she say .
 most ukraine cold deaths alcohol-related , minister says <sec> some victims are alcoholics , others mistakenly drink to keep warm , a doctor in kiev says .  alcohol causes blood vessels to dilate , so body heat is lost rapidly , an expert says .  ukraine 's emergencies minister says 9 out of 10 of the deaths from cold have been alcohol-related .  temperatures throughout europe are significantly lower than average for winte .
 new delhi rape exposes the perils of being a woman in india <sec> police say a 23-year-old woman was gang-raped , beaten to near death on a bus in new delhi .  the attack sparked protests across india , where data show that rape cases have jumped .  students talk about their fears , abuse from men , precautions they must take .  elders say they faced similar attitudes , which only worsened as the city and the country gre .
 about the wiggles <sec> anthony field , murray cook and greg page studied early childhood education .  entertain children with music and visuals in english , mandarin and spanish .  u.s. fans include john travolta , sarah jessica parker , chris rock , cate blanchet .
 what makes a car american ? <sec> fewer than half of parts on some big three vehicles made in u.s . .  more than 80 percent of parts on some foreign vehicles made in u.s . .  study : u.s. brand vehicles support more engineering jobs in u.s . .  consumer says he prefers quality of foreign cars to american one .
 romania 's pm resigns amid protests , winter deaths <sec> new : a former foreign minister is appointed as romania 's prime minister .  new : he says his political independence should help him on the job .  an opposition leader opposes the move , saying new elections would be better .  for weeks , protesters decried austerity measures and urged the president to qui .
 greek defender kyrgiakos joins liverpool <sec> greece international central defender sotirios kyrgiakos moves to liverpool .  liverpool manager rafa benitez swoops because of recent defensive injuries .  kyrgiakos , 30 , likely to make liverpool debut against aston villa on monda .
 photographs of madonna could sell for $ 10,000 each <sec> christie 's to auction madonna photos .  one is full-frontal nude shot taken by lee friedlander .  nude photo expected to sell for $ 10,000 to $ 15,00 .
 indian tendulkar hits 15,000th test run <sec> india 's sachin tendulkar becomes the first cricketer to score 15,000 test runs .  tendulkar achieved the feat on day three of india 's test match against west indies .  the 38-year-old will be hoping to score his 100th international century .  australian shane warne comes out of retirement to play twenty20 for melbourne star .
