 report : gambia cuts economic , diplomatic ties with iran <sec> iranian state-run media : gambia gives no reason for the decision .  gambia reportedly sets a 48-hour deadline for iranian officials to leav .
 racist sae chant taught at national leadership event <sec> sigma alpha epsilon 's national office issues a statement about racist chant .  university of oklahoma sae members `` likely '' learned chant at a national frat conference , sae say .
 source : general wo n't plead guilty if it means sex-offender registry <sec> jury sent back to duty in general 's court-martial as two sides hammer out plea deal .  general wo n't plead guilty to sexual assault or threatening accuser , source says .  brig . .  gen. jeffrey sinclair pleaded guilty to some of the less-serious charges last wee .
 at least 8 killed in california tour bus crash <sec> new : authorities identify the bus company ; safety records indicate it 's `` satisfactory '' .  a patrol officer says he expects the death toll to rise .  at least 42 are injured from the crash in san bernardino county .  ambulances take turns on one lane of a mountainous roa .
 chen kaige : capturing the best and worst of times <sec> chinese director chen kaige found international fame with 'farewell my concubine ' .  made a brief foray into filmmaking in hollywood before returning to china .  personal experience during cultural revolution had large impac .
 ugandan officials , international experts tackle ebola outbreak that 's left 14 dead <sec> new : who and cdc experts are in kibaale near the outbreak 's center , who says .  the lethal ebola virus left at least 14 people dead in midwestern uganda this month .  patients did not show some typical symptoms , the health minister says .  the ebola virus is considered a highly infectious disease spread through direct contac .
 disgraced cloning researcher convicted in south korea <sec> hwang claim in 2004 to have cloned human embryonic stem cells .  in 2006 , the scientist admitted faking his findings .  he get two-year prison sentence , yonhap reports .  reports of his studies had attracted worldwide attentio .
 kennedy relative michael skakel denied parole <sec> he was convicted in 1975 beating death of 15-year-old girl .  nephew of robert and ethel kennedy has maintained his innocence .  he has served 10 years of a sentence of 20 years to lif .
 ronald reagan : what his tapes reveal ( opinion ) <sec> president reagan recorded sensitive conversations with foreign leaders .  julian zelizer says some thought white house taping had ceased after nixon .  he says such tapes provide crucial insight into history .  zelizer : presidents should think seriously about merits of white house tape .
 real madrid held to 1-1 home draw by valencia as barca rout real sociedad <sec> real madrid held to 1-1 draw by valencia in la liga opener .  jonas goncalves equalizer denies champions winning start .  barcelona rout real sociedad 5-1 in camp nou .  lionel messi scores first half doubl .
 uk : 3,500 extra troops called in for olympic security <sec> the uk government says 3,500 more troops are needed to ensure security .  home secretary theresa may says security will not be compromised .  private contractor g4s has failed to recruit as many security staff as promised .  britain is on a heightened state of alert ahead of the games , which open in 15 day .
 'hairspray ' director adam shankman enters rehab <sec> shankman films include `` hairspray , '' `` rock of ages , `` the wedding planner '' .  he appeared at a charity red carpet event sunday before entering rehab monday .  shankman is also a judge on `` so you think you can dance ? .
 might viola davis join 'suicide squad ' ? <sec> viola davis might be cast as amanda waller .  rumors indicate she 's close to landing the role .  it would offer something different than what she 's played in the pas .
 50 cent pleads 'no contest ' to vandalism in clash with ex-girlfriend <sec> a domestic violence charge is dropped in the plea deal .  50 cent must serve 36 months probation , attend domestic violence classes .  he must also stay away from ex-girlfriend daphne joy .  the rapper was charged with ransacking a bedroom during an argumen .
 vegetables near stricken plant test high for radiation <sec> new : eating contaminated food `` is not going to cause any health problems '' long term .  epa finds levels in the united states `` millions of times below levels of concern '' .  `` it has settled down a lot , '' says a worker .  health ministry cites 11 types of vegetables as exceeding legal limit .
 dr. sanjay gupta : three things i learned about dick cheney <sec> dick cheney , 72 , suffered his first heart attack in 1978 .  in july 2010 , cheney made funeral plans with his family .  while serving as vice president , he wrote a resignation letter .  that letter was to be used if he became incapacitate .
 judge asked to intervene in zsa zsa gabor 's care <sec> new : a hearing is set on francesca hilton 's conservatorship petition for her mother .  new : prince frederic von anhalt denies gabor 's bel air mansion is in foreclosure .  new : `` anything that 's contesting frederic 's devotion to his wife ... is ridiculous , '' his lawyer says .  petition contends gabor 's husband keeps her `` increasingly isolated '' and `` heavily sedated .
 commentary : obama is right to reach out to nonbelievers <sec> randall balmer : it 's unusual for a president to include nonbelievers in his words .  he says america has widened its circle of religion for hundreds of years .  balmer says rhetoric has grown to include jews , muslims , hindus .  the first amendment makes it appropriate to recognize nonbelievers , he say .
 abducted two years ago , california boy , 5 , found undernourished <sec> new : authorities : the family had been living in the new orleans area most recently .  the parents allegedly abducted their son after losing custody .  father is found panhandling on the stree .
 google offers free fonts for the web <sec> newer browsers support downloadable fonts so sites can use more .  google worked with a number of talented font designers to produce a varied collection .  google announces an open-source project called webfont loade .
 review : adam lambert 's 'trespassing ' <sec> `` trespassing '' is adam lambert 's second album .  his 2010 debut , `` for your entertainment , '' was a typical `` idol '' quickie .  `` trespassing '' delivers , with a mix of tinsel disco-club sleaze and leather-boy love ballad .
 why the next wave of condos will be under 500 sq . ft . <sec> micro-condos -- units under 500 square feet -- are a growing trend in cities like new york , san francisco and london .  developers are targeting millenials who would n't otherwise be able to afford properties in major western cities .  the units are designed to be hyper-functional and stylish to appeal to design-conscious young buyer .
 obama escalates isis campaign in iraq to syria <sec> president obama expands airstrikes against isis to syria .  he announces more military advisers to iraq in a nationally televised address .  cnn 's jim sciutto says the president reverses previous stances .  `` a very difficult speech for him , '' cnn 's gloria borger say .
 50 cent pleads not guilty in domestic violence case <sec> the rapper 's next court date is september 4 for a pretrial hearing .  model-actress daphne joy accuses 50 cent of kicking her , trashing her bedroom .  joy has a child with 50 cent , whose real name is curtis jackso .
 official : u.s. getting 'paucity of good data ' on radiation from japan <sec> data is scare on radioactivity coming from japan 's damaged reactors .  experts need good data in building computer models to track radioactivity .  official : `` there 's a lot of genuine confusion about what is going on '' .  experts say radiation from japan does not pose a significant health threat to the u.s .
 review : kelly clarkson 's 'stronger ' <sec> `` stronger '' is clarkson 's older-better-tougher-smarter album .  in 2011 , clarkson is still young enough to pull off gleefully bratty kiss-offs like `` einstein '' .  clarkson 's voice is made for anthems , and the slow , snoozy ballads here do n't do it justic .
 vettel apologizes to webber after controversial f1 win in malaysia <sec> sebastian vettel wins malaysia grand prix from red bull teammate mark webber .  webber is unhappy after vettel defies team orders to pass and claim first win of 2013 .  german later apologizes to webber , having been rebuked by team boss during race .  lewis hamilton takes third after his mercedes teammate is told not to overtak .
 this rocket-powered toy plane will soon jet off to stratosphere <sec> a 3d printed model airplane will reach between 25 and 30 kilometers .  the airplane will launch from the virgin galactic spaceport in new mexico .  it will be lifted by a helium-filled balloon and then powered by a rocket engin .
 emotional night at rock hall of fame induction <sec> the rock and roll hall of fame inducted a new class on thursday .  inductees peter gabriel , cat stevens and hall & oates performed .  nirvana gave an emotional induction speech and performance .  the 2014 ceremony was the first time it was held in brookly .
 plants shut for lead poisoning in south china ; thousands sickened <sec> about 1,354 children in hunan province test positive for abnormal levels of lead .  officials : eight factories shuttered ; wo n't reopen until they meet safety standards .  environmental protection officials dispatched to conduct inspections .  children turn up with high levels of lead elsewhere in chin .
 jack white to play mystery $ 3 shows <sec> jack white taking a hiatus from touring after brief acoustic jaunt .  he 'll play five states he has yet to get to , charge just $ 3 .  places and times of shows are currently a myster .
 grief , resilience after storms rip through states , killing 39 <sec> new : survivor : `` i feel blessed . .  i think the lord protected me and let me get out of it alive '' .  kentucky 's governor says he is requesting a federal disaster declaration .  a toddler who had survived the storm dies in an indiana hospital .  39 are killed when tornadoes tear through kentucky , indiana , ohio , alabama and georgi .
 secret service made the right call on ted nugent <sec> ted nugent 's remarks at the nra convention attracted secret service attention .  dean obeidallah says threats against president should n't be tolerated .  he says nugent 's remarks did n't represent a true threat ; free speech is protected .  obeidallah : allowing open expression is important for freedom , democrac .
 5 political stories to watch in the week ahead <sec> advocacy about obamacare is planned by liberals and conservatives .  president obama heads west to talk about the housing in phoenix .  mitt romney returns to the political stage with a fundraiser in new hampshire .  former sen. rick santorum and sen. ted cruz address a conservative gathering in iow .
 three decades after death sentence , texas murder convict dies in cell <sec> ronald chambers was found on the floor of his cell and later pronounced dead .  he was convicted of capital murder in 1975 , then sentenced to texas ' death row .  chambers ' conviction was twice set aside , but he was later convicted agai .
 justices hear protester 's appeal over speech rights on easements <sec> lawyer for u.s. military policy critic calls conviction for `` peacefully protesting '' invalid .  he 's accused of trespassing at base ; his defense is that he was on a public road easement .  supreme court appears to offer little support for his free speech and jurisdictional claims .  chief justice john roberts : he can be banned from base at the commander 's sole discretio .
 one direction star louis tomlinson makes soccer debut <sec> one direction star louis tomlinson makes football debut for doncaster rovers .  pop star plays for second-tier english club in a reserve fixture against rotherham .  a crowd of 5,000 fans turned up to watch , mostly teenage girls .  22-year-old tomlinson played 25 minutes and called it a `` boyhood dream .
 quotes of the day : cameron sinclair <sec> second principal voices debate took place in singapore on july 9 .  cameron sinclair lead calls to take ego out of architecture .  believes that designers have moral responsibility to share good idea .
 the cult of 'arrested development ' <sec> seven years after its network finale , cult tv show `` arrested development '' will return on netflix .  the new season will have 15 episodes that can all be watched beginning may 26 .  portia de rossi says the reboot retains the show 's original magi .
 dating rules : who should pay and when <sec> columnist : whoever issues invite on first date should pay for dinner .  says many women , dr. phil disagree with her .  writer says if guy is paying for dinner , women should offer to split the tab .  by date six , woman should know his financial situation -- and who should pa .
 d.c. mayor 's collapse came amid disastrous march <sec> incumbent mayor vince gray at one time held a healthy lead in his re-election bid .  a businessman 's plea bargain agreement over gray 's 2010 campaign raised doubts .  challenger muriel bowser 's poll numbers surged while gray 's remained flat .  bowser ended up with a double-digit win over the one-term mayo .
 german cruise ship to fly passengers over pirate hotspot <sec> passengers will fly to dubai to continue their journey .  hapag-lloyd : involves 246 passengers , most of crew aboard ms columbus .  prompted by travel warning for the area issued by german foreign ministry .  united states , uk advise those traveling near somali coast to use extreme cautio .
 opinion : 3 lessons for the tea party <sec> michael kazin : in 1961 reagan warned of spread of socialism -- he was talking about medicare .  kazin : in opposing obamacare , tea party echoes movements against social security .  he says they 're usually backed by wealthy and predict catastrophe that never comes .  kazin : activists draw power as outsider , but often find citizens like their social program .
 3 people associated with u.s. consulate killed in mexico <sec> 1-year-old child of two of the victims survives the attack .  juarez mayor : `` we know that the u.s. citizens were targeted '' .  drive-by shootings kill u.s. employee at consulate and 2 others in ciudad juarez .  state department warns americans of danger of traveling to three mexican state .
 170 arrested in global child porn investigation <sec> u.s. , european officials join for child pornographer sting .  11 girls ages 3 to 13 rescued in the united states , dozens more found in europe .  arrests turn up people who traded child porn , sexually abused children , officials say .  inquiry began with pornographic video found in australia that came from belgiu .
 terror threat issued for tankers in strait of malacca <sec> strait of malacca links the indian ocean to the south china sea and pacific ocean .  estimated 15 million barrels of oil are transported through the strait every day .  at its narrowest point the strait is only 1.7 miles wide , making it vulnerable to attac .
 british couple die at assisted suicide clinic <sec> peter and penelope duff from bath , england , died in zurich on february 27 .  penny had fought a rare cancer , gist , since 1992 and peter had colon cancer .  dignity in dying charity : `` extremely sad '' the duffs had to travel abroad to die .  they called on uk to modernize laws on suicide to allow for assisted dyin .
 moore back to school , but still in need <sec> children are returning to school in moore , ok for the first time since tornado devastation .  schools sustained $ 55 million dollars in damages .  a total of 26 schools were affected -- two were a total loss .  superintendent says , `` we are strong , we are resilient . .  we are moving forward .
 scientists hope to clone extinct species <sec> japanese scientists produce clones of mice dead and frozen for 16 years .  feat could lead researchers to resurrect long-extinct species , like mammoth .  researchers used cells from mice that were frozen for 16 years at -20 celsiu .
 saudi sex braggart gets 5 years , 1,000 lashes <sec> mazen abdul jawad , divorced father of 4 , spoke openly about sex escapades .  saudi authorities shut down lbc offices in jeddah and riyadh over broadcast .  episode caused an uproar in deeply conservative saudi arabi .
 trial in deadly teen love triangle opens in florida <sec> rachel wade is accused of stabbing to death 18-year-old sarah ludemann .  prosecutors say wade planned the attack because both women were fighting over the same man .  the defense says wade acted in self-defense .  wade faces up to life in prison if convicted of second-degree murder in the cas .
 cnn student news transcript : february 10 , 2011 <sec> find out why the u.s. is frustrated with the pace of change in egypt .  discover which companies are showing signs of growth in silicon valley .  consider a proposed law in texas that aims to educate teens about sexting .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 roger federer vs. rod laver at australian open <sec> roger federer and rod laver delight melbourne crowd by playing a few rallies .  federer was playing jo-wilfried tsonga in a charity match to raise money for his foundation .  australian laver won 11 grand slam titles during his 13-year playing career .  the rod laver arena in melbourne plays host to the australian open final .
 week 2 : jury learns of casey anthony 's web of falsehoods <sec> jury learns of lies anthony told parents regarding whereabouts during crucial month .  anthony said she was taking business trips , visiting a friend in tampa .  later , she told police she was trying to find caylee , and blamed nanny named `` zanny '' .  anthony denies killing her daughter ; she faces the death penalty if convicte .
 opinion : the sweet secret that could kill you <sec> dr. jennifer caudle looks at how our daily rituals are putting way too much sugar into our bodies .  new study shows many americans consume more than 10 % of their calories from added sugar .  excessive sugar consumption increases chances of cardiovascular disease , deat .
 two police officers killed in car bombing in russia 's volatile dagestan republic <sec> the officers were on patrol when a car bomber detonated a device .  the bombing leaves a crater 1.5 meters ( 5 feet ) wide and 15 centimeters ( 6 inches ) deep .  dagestan is the largest and most volatile of the five northern caucasus region .
 isis : the only way to defeat it ( opinion ) <sec> retired lt. gen. mark hertling spent 16 months in northern iraq .  he says he learned about the great social , geographic challenges of the region .  u.s. airstrikes , special forces may help but wo n't gain victory over isis .  hertling : only the iraqi , kurd security forces have the potential to oust isi .
 new samsung galaxy phone might be controlled by your eyes <sec> report : samsung galaxy s iv can be controlled with your eyes .  the company has filed for a patent for an `` eye scroll '' feature .  it would scroll down when a user 's eyes reach the bottom of the screen .  samsung is expected to unveil the new phone on march 1 .
 beverly hills murder still a mystery as publicist is laid to rest <sec> chasen 's death brought the entertainment industry to a standstill , a producer says .  the slain publicist 's funeral was closed to the news media .  beverly hills police still have no motive or suspect in the shootin .
 priest at his child abuse trial in rome : 'i am not a monster ' <sec> rev . .  ruggero conti denies charges of child molestation at trial in rome , italy .  potentially explosive trial being held in the shadow of the vatican .  conti , former adviser to mayor of rome , was arrested in june 2008 .  church has been rocked by allegations of child abuse by catholic clergy in europ .
 record eighth french open title for nadal <sec> rafael nadal wins french open for record eighth time .  6-3 6-2 6-3 victory over fourth seed and spanish compatriot david ferrer .  nadal winning his 12th grand slam title .  flare carrying protestor invades court in opposition to france 's same sex marriage la .
 putin 's days numbered ? ( opinion ) <sec> andrew kuchins : growing economy was behind putin 's popularity .  kuchins : plunging oil prices hitting state coffers .  there are already ominous signs of potential social unrest , he say .
 ex-aide testifies he helped cover up edwards affair <sec> ex-aide andrew young testifies he helped cover up john edwards ' affair .  young tells about edwards ' response to the new his mistress was pregnant .  edwards is accused of using campaign contributions to hide his mistress .  a donor said she thought edwards would be `` savior of america , '' young testifie .
 adam scott : `` i found my way '' to 1st major win at masters <sec> adam scott is the first australian ever to win the masters golf tournament .  australians had placed second in the major golf championship seven times .  scott has been in the top 20 of the world golf rankings for most of the last decade .  he almost won the 2012 british open but collapsed on the final four hole .
