 iran opposition leaders call for protests <sec> top iranian opposition leaders call for february 11 protest , opposition web site reports .  they called for people to take to the streets to demand their rights back as citizens of iran .  mehdi karroubi and mir hossein moussavi also met to discuss last week 's executions .  the two executions followed mass trials of opposition supporters in augus .
 pepper spray used on demonstrators at air and space museum <sec> anti-war and occupy wall street-aligned protesters march in washington .  some tried to enter the air and space museum over its military drone display .  a guard pepper sprayed after another guard was pushed , a museum official says .  the museum closed early saturday , but is set to reopen on time sunda .
 india : school lets motorbike run over karate kids <sec> indian schoolchildren run over by motorcycle in karate exercise .  officials says parents approved of test of children 's karate skills .  school has been told not to hold such an exercise agai .
 gop budget will tackle economic challenges <sec> house republicans introduced a budget proposal tuesday .  james capretta : gop budget is a vision for reforming the american social contract .  plan would cut federal spending by $ 5.3 trillion , he says , compared with president 's plan .  capretta : plan would promote private sector growth , update entitlements and other program .
 amid government shutdown , presidents cup begins and u.s. leads <sec> after the opening day of the presidents cup , the u.s. leads 3.5 to 2.5 in ohio .  thunderstorms temporarily halted play during thursday 's fourballs at muirfield village .  the u.s. team features six of the world 's top 10 , including no . .  1 tiger woods .  the international team has only won once since the competition started in 199 .
 tahrir 's bodyguards fight to 'cure egypt 's disease ' <sec> tahrir bodyguard is a group dedicated to preventing assaults on women in egypt .  women have been the targets of mob sexual assaults during demonstrations .  the group rescues women from assaults when they occur and teaches self-defense classe .
 carrying these babies for my brother <sec> tiffany burke is carrying twin boys for her sister-in-law , natalie .  extreme nausea has made this pregnancy difficult for burke .  burke has no regrets , she says , about being a surrogat .
 mcilroy postpones haiti trip to focus on form ahead of the masters <sec> mcilroy pulls out of planned trip to haiti to play more tournament golf ahead of the masters .  northern irishman will play texas open next week before heading on to augusta national .  world number two has struggled with his form in 2013 following big-money equipment switch .  he goes into final round in houston nine shots behind the leading du .
 bubba watson joins wgc casualty list <sec> masters champion bubba watson beaten in third round of accenture world match play .  he joins a series of top names to exit since snow delayed start of desert tournament .  former world no . .  1 martin kaymer also misses out on quarterfinals in arizona .  saturday 's schedule features 36 holes due to delay earlier in the wee .
 viagra : the little blue pill that could <sec> viagra was approved by the fda on march 27 , 1998 .  british scientists working for pfizer first created the drug in 1989 .  since then three major competitors for viagra have been approve .
 china arrests 4 japanese against backdrop of diplomatic battle <sec> one of the four sent their company a text message that said , `` help me '' .  the four are being investigated for entering a military zone without authorization .  they also may have videotaped military targets , chinese state media says .  beijing has made escalating diplomatic threats against tokyo over a separate arres .
 more pirates searching for lifeboat , official says <sec> new : shots fired in escape attempt , captain apparently tied up , military officials say .  pirates using other hijacked ships to look for lifeboat as navy ships arrive .  captain 's escape attempt viewed as `` optimistic sign '' of his vitality .  richard phillips , captain of a u.s.-flagged cargo ship , is being held by four gunme .
 cnn student news transcript : august 25 , 2010 <sec> examine the potential significance of a big drop in u.s. home sales .  find out what characterizes the most expensive school in america .  consider how currency conversion can impact expatriates in japan .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 inflatable baby floats recalled <sec> aqua leisure industries recalls 14 models .  leg straps can tear , allowing children to slip into the water .  agency says there have been 31 reports of seats tearing .  floats were sold nationwide at many chain retailer .
 gerrans claims historic first stage win for orica-greenedge <sec> simon gerrans claims historic first stage win for orica-greenedge .  second-placed peter sagan takse green jersey for best sprinter off marcel kittel .  jan bakelants retains yellow jersey ahead of tuesday 's team trial in nic .
 a reprieve for high-speed rail in florida ? <sec> florida governor last week rejected $ 2.4 billion in federal funding for the project .  the u.s. transportation secretary says the project would create jobs .  scott agreed to re-examine the details of the project , the secretary say .
 paul teutul sr. : 'if i can get sober , anybody can ' <sec> paul teutul sr. appears on `` orange county choppers '' .  he says alcohol `` took over my life completely '' .  teutul , known as senior , has been sober for 29 year .
 facebook changes privacy settings for teens <sec> facebook now allows teens to post photos and updates to the general public .  the company wants to compete against younger social networks and appeal to advertisers .  stricter sharing will be the default , warnings will pop up before post is made publi .
 new president for 'country of the year ' tunisia <sec> tunisia 's historic elections are the sole point of hope for arab democracy , analysts say .  the economist names tunisia `` country of the year '' .  long-time politician beji caid essebsi beats outgoing president moncef marzouk .
 spate of terrorism arrests not connected , analysts say <sec> five terrorism cases in five states not connected , cnn analysts say .  arrests in colorado , new york , texas , illinois , north carolina called `` happenstance '' .  illinois arrest not announced until texas operation was complete .
 $ 336.4 million powerball winner claims prize <sec> an 81 year-old rhode island resident comes forward as the winner of the powerball lottery .  `` i 'm very happy and i 'm very proud , '' said louise white .  it was the third largest prize in the game 's histor .
 obama urges americans to help heal racial divide <sec> sen. barack obama : `` this nation is more than the sum of its parts '' .  obama says his former pastor `` has been like family to me '' .  obama has been on defensive after controversial remarks from ex-minister .  senator tries to take control of campaign narrative after days of tough headline .
 groups : mekong faces 'devastating ' threat from proposed dams <sec> mekong river in southeast asia faces `` devastating '' threat from 11 proposed dams .  irrawaddy dolphins ' immune systems suffer due to contaminants in the river .  its population numbers between 64 and 76 ; their habitat is the mekon .
 opinion : on immigration , gop offers fear , not ideas <sec> ruben navarrette : gop naysayers hammer at immigration reform , but offer no ideas .  he says a few republicans voted yes on senate bill , but even those came at high cost .  he says immigration advocate reagan would be ashamed of party 's fear-mongering .  he says gop peddles illogical , inaccurate reasons to hold up immigration refor .
 snowboarder shaun white apologizes for hotel fracas <sec> `` i was celebrating a happy occasion ... and got carried away , '' snowboarder says .  police said white smashed a phone at a nashville hotel .  he got into a confrontation with a hotel guest who tried to stop him , police said .  the olympic medalist is free on his own recognizance , a sheriff 's spokeswoman sai .
 parents : amanda bynes makes 'great strides towards recovery ' <sec> bynes moves from ucla medical center to a private facility .  the actress was placed under an involuntary psychiatric hold two months ago .  her mother has conservatorship over her daughter under a california mental health la .
 who are ukraine 's pro-russia rebels ? <sec> the pro-russia rebels are concentrated in the eastern regions of donetsk and luhansk .  the leader of the self-declared donetsk people 's republic is alexander borodai .  analysts say he is rumored to be a senior russian intelligence officer .  the rebels have denied any involvement in bringing down malaysia airlines flight 1 .
 nypd detective apologizes for uber tirade <sec> detective : `` i sincerely apologize '' for berating uber driver .  nypd investigating encounter that was caught on tape by passenger .  detective placed on modified assignmen .
 rangel as resilient as harlem-area district he represents <sec> charlie rangel 's ability to fight off the ropes embodies area he represents , professor says .  the 21-term congressman faced changing demographics and a redrawn district .  rangel was censured in 2010 after he was found guilty of ethics violations .  pundits had predicted an end to his political caree .
 hamilton : i can still be world champion <sec> lewis hamilton insists he can still win the f1 world championship .  the mclaren driver claimed his second win this season at german grand prix .  the 26-year-old trails red bull 's sebastian vettel by 82 points in overall standings .  vettel hopes to bounce back in hungary following his fourth placing at nurburgrin .
 q & a on icelandic volcano ash plume <sec> meteorologists : very fine ash in upper atmosphere will remain for `` quite some time '' .  low-pressure system expected to push ash toward the arctic , bring rain .  volcanologist : activity will become less and less explosive over time .  ash particles are as fine as pollen , but hard , abrasive and mildly corrosiv .
 notre dame quarterback suspended for 'poor academic judgment ' <sec> everett golson led the team to an undefeated regular season in 2012 .  he has been suspended for the fall semester after making `` poor choices '' .  the 20-year-old leaves open the possibility of returning in 201 .
 amanda knox retrial verdict : six things to know <sec> knox and raffaele sollecito resentenced in the meredith kercher murder case .  kercher was found stabbed in 2007 in a villa she rented with knox in perugia , italy .  knox and sollecito 's 2009 murder convictions were overturned on appeal in 2011 .  legal expert tells cnn that it is unlikely the u.s. would allow knox to be extradited to ital .
 obama 'very concerned ' about greece 's economic crisis <sec> president obama troubled by greece 's economic woes .  european union leaders call for `` stabilization mechanism '' to ease markets .  obama seeks resolutions to nuclear arms treaty , adoption issues with russi .
 wentworth miller comes out , declines invitation to russian film fest <sec> 'prison break ' actor wentworth miller comes out as gay .  miller declined an invitation to a russian film festival .  he is the most recent celebrity to speak out against russia 's treatment of gay .
 chinese officials try to find parents of 60 lost children <sec> china posts photos of kidnapped , stolen or sold 60 children who were rescued by authorities .  police could not find their parents through the national dna database .  2,000 children have been rescued so far this year since china launch a nationwide anti-trafficking campaign .  earlier this week , police arrested dozens in an alleged child trafficking rin .
 serena battles to eastbourne victory in return to action <sec> wimbledon champion serena williams through to the second round at eastbourne .  the american recovers from losing the opening set to defeat tsvetana pironkova .  there are also victories on tuesday for francesca schiavione and ana ivanovi .
 larry king : the day my father died <sec> larry was 9 years old when his father died of a heart attack in 1943 .  larry says he has blocked much of that day from his memory .  he recalls a police officer broke the news , then took him to see a movie .  larry refused to attend funeral though he and his father were extremely clos .
 parking attendant recounts encounter with former pentagon official <sec> police work with amtrak to determine if john p. wheeler rode train before his death .  wheeler worked part-time as consultant for mitre corp. in cyberdefense .  wheeler walked into a pharmacy asking for a ride on december 29 , media say .  police say wheeler was recorded by a security camera december 3 .
 what 's streaming on netflix , amazon , itunes in february <sec> new streaming content is coming .  `` m*a*s*h '' seasons 1 through 5 is on the list .  amazon prime is offering two `` batman '' film .
 assange : how notoriety has changed a trapped man <sec> cnn 's atika shubert meets again with julian assange in ecuador embassy in london .  assange holed up in embassy to avoid extradition to sweden to face sex assault probe .  shubert : assange did not seem cornered ; in fact he was relaxed and friendly .  ecuadorian ambassador ana alban says he has become part of the famil .
 8-year-old boy rescues 6 relatives from fire , dies trying to save 7th <sec> tyler doohan , 8 , alerts relatives to an early-morning fire , and 6 escape .  he returns to the mobile home to help his disabled grandfather but dies in effort .  the single-wide trailer had no working smoke detector , fire chief say .
 golf cart driver arrested at u.s. open <sec> thomas lineberry is charged with felony assault on a law enforcement officer .  he is also charged with felony hit and run .  the trooper was treated for a minor leg injur .
 fit nation : learning to climb uphill <sec> george `` chip '' greenidge jr. says training schedule has been an uphill battle .  since joining fit nation team , greenidge has lost 20 pound .
 doctors remove nails allegedly hammered into maid by employers <sec> new : doctors remove nails from the maid 's body .  she was attacked after complaining of being overworked .  sri lankan officials are urging the saudis to conduct an investigation .  the victim is among thousands of sri lankan migrant worker .
 six weeks after being shot , mauritania 's president returns home <sec> president mohamed ould abdel aziz was shot october 14 , reportedly by his own troops .  while witnesses said it seemed an assassination try , he insisted it was an `` accident '' .  he returns to nouakchott from france , where he 'd been recovering from injuries .  throngs of supporters greet him , as he rolls through city streets in a convertibl .
 philippines , muslim rebels reach peace deal <sec> the deal comes after 15 years of negotiations between the government and the rebels .  uk foreign secretary : `` i wholeheartedly welcome the announcement '' .  aquino : the deal is a framework agreement for establishing an autonomous region .  the moro islamic liberation front has fought for decades for an independent islamic stat .
 source : bieber 's blood-alcohol content was below .08 % <sec> source : tests indicated bieber 's bac was .011 % , .014 % .  both would be below .02 % limit for drivers under legal drinking age of 21 .  test checks only for alcohol ; dui law also prohibits impairment by controlled substances .  chief : bieber said he drank , smoked pot , took prescription medication before driving thursda .
 106 year old honored by obama 'ai n't got time to die ' <sec> at 106 , ann nixon cooper has witnessed pivotal moments unfold in u.s. history .  atlanta , georgia , resident sees `` more change now that it 's the first black president '' .  what would she say to obama ? .  she 'd just like to shake his hand .  she co-founded a girls club for black youths , taught community residents to rea .
 jay chou : asia 's reluctant superstar <sec> multi-million album selling taiwanese pop idol still lives with his mother .  has turned hand to acting and directing recently working with chow yun-fat .  career began when spotted at a talent competitio .
 investigators : hackers stole sony passwords - cnnpolitics.com <sec> u.s. government officials are preparing to name north korea as the culprit behind the sony hack .  the obama administration is holding high-level meetings to discuss the matte .
 palin says she does n't regret couric interview <sec> new : palin says it 's `` ridiculous '' to attribute cbs interview to campaign 's downfall .  new : palin tells cnn she wishes she 'd been more available to media in campaign .  alaska governor says she is `` still concerned '' about obama 's ties to william ayers .  palin says she 'd be happy to assist obama and the new administratio .
 house committee weighs holder contempt resolution <sec> new : justice says it has cooperated extensively with `` fast and furious '' probe .  issa 's committee may vote on a contempt of congress resolution .  the atf operation allowed weapons to be purchased illegally .  the aim was to track the arms to senior drug cartel measure .
 can graphene harvest energy from thin air ? <sec> researchers in the uk say the latest discovery involving wonder material graphene could revolutionize batteries .  graphene is 200 times stronger than steel and a million times thinner than a human hair .  the material , which has the same atomic structure as the lead in pencils , is impermeable to atoms and molecules .  scientists found that positively charged hydrogen atoms could pass through it with implications for fuel cell efficienc .
 purse used to whack florida gunman sells for $ 13,000 on ebay <sec> ginger littleton hit the gunman with the purse .  clay duke took over a school board meeting , upset that the district had fired his wife .  he later shot himself after a security officer wounded him .  sales from the purse will go to charit .
 a walk to pound grief into the ground <sec> denis asselin finished his walk from philadelphia to boston on thursday .  he raised more than $ 17,000 for the international ocd foundation .  more than 150 supporters came to greet him at the end of the journe .
 report : 40,000 migrant deaths worldwide since 2000 <sec> iom : at least 40,000 migrants have died since 2000 , more than half trying to reach europe .  many migrants die crossing the mediterranean , including more than 3,000 so far this year .  amnesty international accuses europe of imposing a `` survival test '' on desperate people .  migrants also die crossing the u.s.-mexico border , the indian ocean and sahara deser .
 cheney and justice for torture victims <sec> ariel dorfman : ex-colin powell aide says dick cheney fears `` somebody will pinochet him '' .  dorfman : cheney likely terrified of being tried for crimes against humanity for ok'ing torture .  he says pinochet tag would be shameful for cheney , debases u.s. in eyes of world .  dorfman : cheney should face trial in u.s. to show that `` justice for all '' has meanin .
 catholic reads the bible , week 3 : get me out of genesis <sec> this is week three of an ongoing series : a catholic reads the bible . .  read week one and week two . .  this week 's reading is a lot to take in . .  literally .
 washington woman unknowingly live-tweets husband 's death <sec> caran johnson , a local scanner aficionado , posts about a fatal car crash on interstate 205 .  she grows worried her husband may have been involved , writes to spokesman on scene .  `` it 's him . .  he died , '' she posts on twitte .
 polish president says wikileaks taking toll on u.s.-polish relations <sec> polish president complains of having to submit visa form to enter the united states .  cables indicate the united states may have taken poland for granted .  komorowski : `` very much has gone the wrong way in polish-american relations .
 convicted providence mayor buddy cianci falls short <sec> new : buddy cianci loses providence mayoral race ; says `` it just did n't happen '' .  new : the 73-year-old says , `` this will be my last campaign , '' then adds `` for this year '' .  cianci was mayor from 1975 to 1984 and again from 1991 to 2002 .  he resigned the post twice over felony conviction .
 african champions mazembe expelled from tournament <sec> caf expels to-time defending champions tp mazembe after complaint over player .  simba of tanzania appealed to ruling body after losing to the congolese team .  mazembe 's janvier bokungu is allegedly still under contract to another team .  simba and widad de casablanca will play off to decide which side takes mazembe 's plac .
 american , chinese diplomats meet in beijing <sec> meeting follows chinese president hu jintao 's visit to washington last week .  two sides expected to discuss korean peninsula tensions , other issue .
