 argentine president cristina fernandez 's surgery 'satisfactory ' <sec> spokesman : `` the president is in her room and is in very good spirits '' .  doctors say there were no complications in surgery to treat a subdural hematoma .  fernandez remains hospitalized in buenos aire .
 deceased dad added to family photo <sec> sierra sharry was eight months pregnant when her son 's father died .  a photographer was able to add lane smith to the family phot .
 microsoft fights back against nsa 'snooping ' <sec> microsoft rolls out new encryption protections for customers ' data .  blog post cited the possibility of `` government snooping '' .  yahoo and google have made similar moves to block nsa from accessing info .  encryption makes intercepted messages harder to understan .
 radiation spikes in tokyo neighborhood , officials say <sec> new : there is no immediate health hazard , experts tell local officials .  local government cordons off an area in the setagaya ward .  radiation there is higher than around fukushima .  the damaged fukushima daiichi plant may not be the source , officials sa .
 gunmen kidnap turkish airline pilots in lebanon <sec> gunmen halt a bus near beirut , lebanon .  they board it and take away two turkish airline pilots .  the rest of the crew is safe at a hotel and will return to turkey soo .
 malaysia swears in new prime minister <sec> najib razak sworn in as asian nation 's sixth prime minister .  outgoing pm abdullah badawi was in office for more than five years .  ruling party has failed to secure majority needed to amend constitution .  new pm faces economic downturn , ethnic discor .
 'clerks iii ' : kevin smith on bringing his jersey boys to broadway <sec> last week , kevin smith revealed that his `` clerks '' characters might be heading to broadway .  he is planning a stage production of `` clerks iii '' in 2014 to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the original .  smith tells ew that he 's already broached the subject with several members of the cas .
 how i got taken by a work-at-home scam <sec> single mom thandi zulu says she lost $ 200 in a work-at-home scam .  feds : internet is favorite place for scammers targeting at-home workers .  work-at-home scams are on the rise , consumer watchdog groups say .  expert : watch out for `` palm trees , mansions , beaches and bikinis .
 all clear at white house after man tries to jump fence <sec> new : a man is in custody ; all clear issue after briefcase checked .  the incident caused a brief lockdown at the white house .  president obama was away for the da .
 10 secret menu items at fast food restaurants <sec> some fast food outlets have not-on-menu items you can get if you ask for them .  fatburger 's hypocrite is bacon-topped veggie burger ; popeye 's offers naked chicken .  some subways will still make the popular pizza sub from the 1990s .  wendy 's offers the meat cube ; mcdonald 's has a neapolitan milkshak .
 cnn student news - february 24 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 khalid alqasimi : fashioning himself a bright future <sec> upcoming fashion designer khalid alqasimi talks to cnn about growing up in uae .  country 's history of `` dressing as art is part of our culture '' has inspired his designs .  uae 's multiculturalism has given him an understanding of the wider worl .
 4 children dead in texas mass shooting <sec> the children and their mother were shot wednesday in bay city , texas .  the suspect , the woman 's husband , fatally shot himself , police say .  the mother 's condition has not been made availabl .
 prince william 's team wins polo match , tiffany trophy <sec> prince william scores four goals in final , pivotal match .  `` i 'm not a good loser , '' he had joked before playing .  competition raised money for charity , publicized the sport .  william , catherine to go to dinner saturday night in los angele .
 manhunt launched at mount rainier after park ranger killed <sec> new : more than 100 people will stay in a visitor center until the situation is safe , a spokeswoman says .  new : there 's 4 to 5 feet of snow in a forested area where the shooter fled , she adds .  the man evaded a roadblock in mount rainier national park and fatally shot a park ranger .  the slain ranger is a 34-year-old mother of two small childre .
 racism remains `` significant '' problem in english football <sec> a parliamentary report concludes racism a problem in english football .  chelsea 's john terry was recently cleared a racial abuse by a magistrate 's court .  liverpool 's luis suarez was handed an eight-match ban for racial abuse last year .  the english fa urged to do more to tackle all forms of abuse in the gam .
 jordan : observers praise vote but urge deeper electoral reform <sec> new : jordan 's king abdullah says voter participation surpassed expectations .  the election was rigged and not representative , an opposition official says .  observers say jordan 's election was well run but there is room for improvement .  systemic changes are needed to shift voting from local and tribal allegiances , they sa .
 despite sandy , queens family is giving thanks -- together <sec> the rigaut family was one of many to lose their home on the rockaway peninsula .  the home , built in 1937 , was in the family for five generations of parties and holiday celebrations .  residents now worry about `` rockaway dust , '' rotting drywall , mold and garbag .
 under the big top at siem reap 's phare circus <sec> phare is an edgy , all-singing-and-dancing circus in the cirque du soleil tradition .  it was established in 1994 in battambang to help disadvantaged kids .  the history of cambodia 's circus tradition dates to the 6th century .  some 1,400 students are enrolled at the school in battambang , a small rural city near the thai borde .
 adhd makes you different , not defective <sec> actress wendy davis grew up thinking something was wrong with her in school .  after her daughter was diagnosed with adhd , davis learned she had add .  at the website chadd , she got answers as well as support .  according to the website , an estimated 15 million americans are affected by adh .
 syrian rebels claim capture of strategic military base <sec> new : 106 killed , opposition says .  united nations says there are more than 612,000 syrian refugees .  the rebel claim of capturing the base is called 'significant ' by the u.s . .  as the civil war rages , world leaders push to ensure chemical weapons are secur .
 search ends for victims of nairobi pipeline explosion <sec> new : recovery work ends after nairobi pipeline explosion .  new : red cross says 82 bodies have been recovered .  new : police pegged the number at 76 .  an investigation into the incident 's cause is under wa .
 world needs to pay attention to these women 's stories <sec> three years after trayvon martin 's killing , his mother meets medgar evers ' widow .  david love : both women confronted injustice , were made stronger by the trauma they endure .
 this robin williams advice still matters <sec> robin williams was often asked for advice .  family and friends were always important .  `` know that you are loved , '' williams sai .
 indian court acquits man in 'house of horrors ' killing <sec> court acquitted moninder singh pandher for the killing of a teen .  14-year old was one of 19 children and young women murdered .  pandher and a domestic employee sentenced to death in february by lower cour .
 bill clinton , mcdonald 's : let 's forgo the fries and fight the fat <sec> bill clinton was once the most famous aficionado of big macs and other high-calorie offerings .  he and mcdonald 's say they are now joining efforts to help fight obesity .  mcdonald 's will soon offer a fries substitute : side salad , fruit or vegetable .  center for science in the public interest offers limited applause for the mov .
 how not to be a 'bad ex ' <sec> after you 've dumped someone , do n't try to date his friends or relatives .  take your ex off all your spam lists so you do n't haunt him .  do not `` zombie hug '' or poke them on social networking site .
 and the best airline in the u.s. is ... <sec> virgin america tops airline quality rating for u.s. airlines .  the rating represents a weighted average of multiple consumer-oriented factors .  in 2013 , the industry had its best-ever performance since the ratings were launched in 199 .
 turkish prime minister to meet for first time with protest leaders <sec> prime minister met with taksim solidarity platform , a coalition of protesters .  prime minister erdogan to eu : `` how dare you make such decisions about my country ? '' .  it 's time to clean out the park for sanitary reasons , he says .  erdogan : peaceful protesters should not complain about police actio .
 orion , nasa 's deep-space craft , readying for launch <sec> orion , nasa 's newest manned spaceship , will have its first mission in december .  a rocket will carry the orion modules 3,600 miles above earth .  it 's designed to journey into deep space -- to mars and beyond -- in 2017 .  nasa : orion `` is built to take humans farther than they 've ever gone before .
 skakel remains in jail , but still has a chance at bail <sec> skakel 's conviction was overturned in october .  he was convicted of killing martha moxley in 1975 .  skakel is seeking bail .  but appellate judge says decision on that must wai .
 fighting sex trafficking in hotels , one room at a time <sec> u.n. : human trafficking a $ 32 billion business , about half that amount from developed nations .  an estimated 100,000 to 300,000 children are at risk of commercial sex exploitation in the u.s . .  children may seem confused about own names and appear ashamed , nervous or disoriented .  hotel guests who see red flags can simply call a national hotlin .
 celebs step into israel-gaza pr minefield <sec> celebs are weighing in on the conflict via social media and publications .  javier bardem 's letter titled `` genocide '' is published in spanish newspapers .  `` wonder woman '' actress : hamas hides `` like cowards behind women and children '' .  twitter is `` like you 're burping out thoughts , '' hollywood publicist michael levine say .
 cnn student news transcript : april 8 , 2010 <sec> find out the forecast for this year 's atlantic hurricane season .  learn about political protests taking place in two asian countries .  hang out with new york teens who learn job skills 60 feet in the air .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 jamaican anti-doping commission hit by resignations <sec> the entire board of the under-fire jamaican anti-doping commission resigns .  the resignations come after several sprinters failed drug tests this year .  those caught included the high-profile pair of veronica campbell-brown and asafa powell .  a former head of the commission said few drug tests were carried out in early 201 .
 'cowardly ' suicide bombing kills 15 in mogadishu <sec> african union official condemns attack that also wounded 24 .  bomb went off before car reached african union mission headquarters .  u.n. security council recently adopted resolution aimed at bringing in peacekeepers .  violence , lawlessness have plagued somalia since government overthrown in 199 .
 jeff daniels : i own will mcavoy in 'newsroom ' season two <sec> aaron sorkin 's hbo drama `` the newsroom '' returns this weekend .  jeff daniels says he `` owns '' his character will mcavoy this season .  the show will tackle themes like the tea party and fictional news story called geno .
 pennsylvania home of leader of group accused of plot against turkey <sec> turkish government says group managed by fethullah gulen is leading a coup attempt in turkey .  he denies any involvement in a political conspiracy .  gulen 's group once backed turkey 's prime minister , but that relationship has soured .  `` there is a political crisis in turkey right now , '' and society is polarized , author say .
 is camelot 's future in obama 's hands ? <sec> sen. ted kennedy 's son patrick has kept low profile in congress .  community service is the bedrock of kennedy legacy .  president obama similar to kennedys in political focus , experts say .  sen. kennedy was early endorser of obama 's presidential bi .
 search for air france 'black boxes ' enters new phase <sec> plane went down off brazil on june 1 , killing all 228 aboard .  voice , data recorders stop broadcasting after 30 days .  investigators planned to keep listening for 10 additional days .  french oceanographic ship will conduct new searche .
 suspect in peru woman 's death arrested in chile , police say <sec> extradition to peru arranged , interior minister says .  joran van der sloot entered chile on wednesday , chile says .  woman 's body found wednesday in his hotel room , police say .  van der sloot previously a suspect in alabama teen 's disappearanc .
 argentine prosecutor 's case against president dismissed <sec> a judge dismisses the criminal case filed against argentina 's top leaders .  the prosecutor who filed it was found dead shortly after making accusations .  judge : there 's no evidence of cover-up by president cristina fernandez de kirchne .
 how to vacation like italian aristocracy <sec> hard times are forcing italy 's counts and countesses to throw open their doors to tourists .  sixteenth century ca'marcello villa among many now offering rooms to rent .  italy 's aristocrats say cash from visitors will help preserve their homes and italy 's heritag .
 deepwater horizon : a chronology <sec> documents from congress , witness testimony detail events before leak .  at one point , bp and transocean executives argue over changes in the drill plan .  unexpected loss of fluid suggests leaks in the blowout prevente .
 hazmat crews clean up , quarantined family move out due to ebola case <sec> da 's office : a `` criminal matter '' if duncan `` knowingly ... exposed '' public to ebola .  crews have begun cleaning the apartment where thomas eric duncan stayed .  county official : 4 quarantined were `` very pleased '' to move into 4-bedroom home .  u.s. official : `` the united states is well-equipped to stop ebola in its tracks .
 radio gives hope to north and south koreans <sec> free north korea radio broadcasts news across the border from south korea .  station 's founder is former north korean soldier who defected .  broadcasts are funded partly by south korean citizens and by u.s .
 concrete-encased body identified as former florida reporter <sec> authorities use dental records to identify remains of sean dugas .  dugas , a former crime reporter in florida , went missing august 27 .  twin brothers have been charged with murder in his deat .
 human to hero : olympics a family affair for champion klimke <sec> germany 's ingrid klimke to compete in her fourth olympics in london this year .  the 43-year-old won gold for germany as part of three-day eventing team at 2008 games .  inspired by father who won six gold medals at five separate olympics from 1964 to 1988 .  klimke has won a host of international and domestic titles in a career spanning 20 year .
 african union sources : al-shabaab planning push during ramadan <sec> new : the african union announces a pledging conference for famine relief .  au sources says al-shabaab got a shipment of weapons by sea .  the government forces launched an offensive on thursday .  the u.n. has issued another appeal for aid mone .
 what all can michael brown autopsies show ? <sec> three autopsies have been conducted in michael brown 's death .  pathologists looking at signs of struggle , wounds and gunpowder .  autopsies can provide valuable information to investigators .  but it 's uncommon for them to provide all the answers , expert say .
 paul feig : women to star in new 'ghostbusters ' <sec> paul feig will direct a new `` ghostbusters '' movie .  it 'll star `` hilarious women , '' the `` bridesmaid '' helmer tweeted .  feig has been attached to the project since it was first brought up in augus .
 animal groups criticize beyonce for tiger encounter <sec> beyonce pet a tiger in thailand while her daughter and husband looked on .  animal rights groups are saying those animals are sometimes mistreated .  the singer also was taken to task for riding an elephant during the tri .
 chavez returns to venezuela after chemotherapy treatment <sec> state-run vtv reports venezuelan president hugo chavez 's return .  `` good morning , beloved homeland , '' chavez posts on twitter .  the venezuelan president has not specified what type of cancer he has .  he has gone to cuba for two rounds of chemotherap .
 former yankees player faces trial in deadly dui wreck <sec> former yankees player jim leyritz goes on trial in a fatal 2007 dui crash .  leyritz is accused of running a light and killing fredia veitch , 30 .  veitch also was driving while intoxicated , but the jury ca n't consider that .  leyritz is famous for his three-run homer in game 4 of the 1996 world serie .
 m+ museum collects hong kong 's disappearing neon signs <sec> hong kong 's newest museum now owns a rooster and a cow sign .  neon production has decreased by 85 % since 1970s .  unauthorized signs can lead to hk $ 200,000 fine and jail .  china pushes the use of led lights over neo .
 are human head transplants coming soon ? <sec> dr. sergio canavero says he is two years away from performing the first total human head transplant .  the first patient will be a 30-year-old russian man with a rare , genetic muscle wasting disease .  one ethicist says canavero should be helping paralyzed patients walk before performing body transplant .
 teenage mutant ninja turtles , my little pony vie for toy hall of fame <sec> bubbles , chess , little green army men also among finalists for toy hall of fame .  national toy hall of fame recognizes toys that engage and deligh .
 'slumdog ' wins best drama , three other globes <sec> `` slumdog millionaire '' wins best drama ; nets four total wins .  mickey rourke wins best actor in a drama for `` the wrestler '' .  kate winslet wins two golden globes -- one for actress , another for supporting .  heath ledger wins best supporting actor for `` the dark knight .
 report : japan to fight piracy off africa <sec> the order marks the first policing action for the msdf .  mission will start in early april after about three weeks of sailing .  move comes after somali pirates hijacked japan-owned vessel in novembe .
 boat with possible asylum seekers capsizes off indonesia ; 4 dead <sec> ship carrying at least 160 people capsizes off coast of west java .  four confirmed dead , others transferred to temporary shelters , clinics .  indonesia rescue official says boat was believed to be carrying asylum seekers .  some passengers refused to speak to officials , others ran awa .
 man 's stun gun death caught on tape <sec> man died after canadian police shot him at vancouver airport on october 14 .  polish immigrant became agitated after being left waiting at airport for 10 hours .  flight was first time he had been on a plane ; he spoke no english .  incident , captured on video by a bystander , is being investigated by authoritie .
 'sixth sense ' star haley joel osment sports surprising new look <sec> haley joel osment is starring in two of kevin smith 's new movies .  the `` sixth sense '' actor 's role in `` yoga hosers '' has grabbed attention .  smith has had to address the actor 's unusual look for the rol .
 13-year-old survivor of plane crash released from alaska hospital <sec> willy phillips jr. was among four survivors of the crash .  former sen. ted stevens died in the crash .  phillips ' father was among those killed .  the investigation into the cause of the monday crash continue .
 warner steals warne 's comeback thunder <sec> shane warne 's melbourne stars lose in spinner 's comeback match on saturday .  australia legend 's partner elizabeth hurley performed pre-match coin toss .  warne upstaged as david warner guides sydney thunder to a comfortable win .  south africa crush sri lanka by an innings and 81 runs in first test at centurio .
