 where is casey kasem ? family members , judge concerned <sec> new : kerri kasem says she is filing a missing persons report for her father .  daughter to cnn : `` we feed off his love , and we want him back '' .  casey kasem 's wife , jean , previously accused the children of shattering her family 's life .  judge has ordered that casey kasem 's whereabouts be disclosed , her attorney say .
 'real-time ' video shows benghazi drama , but questions remain - cnnpolitics.com <sec> `` a lot of light was shone , ... but we do n't have all the facts , '' sen. feinstein says .  a `` real-time '' video combined surveillance and drone footage , senators say .  a gop house member `` got into it '' with intel officials over susan rice 's comments .  petraeus will testify to clear up `` misrepresentations '' he told congress , a source say .
 catholics fight move to deny schooling to children of lesbians , gays <sec> massachusetts school rescinds admission of student because parents are lesbians .  denver catholic school recently made similar decision .  progressive catholic groups say they have better chance with fight in bosto .
 france set to relax sunday shopping ban <sec> french senate set to approve new law to allow more shops to open on sundays .  if approved new law would overturn 1906 law forbidding sunday trading in .  sarkozy has had to deal with opposition from both left and righ .
 n.y. mayor seeks ban on plastic foam containers <sec> mayor michael bloomberg wants to ban the use of plastic foam containers .  mayor : `` do n't worry , the doggy bag and the coffee cup will survive just fine '' .  it is one of many health or environmental initiatives bloomberg has pursue .
 baltimore police officer slashed dog 's throat , authorities say <sec> jeffrey bolger was arrested and charged with felony animal cruelty .  another officer had restrained the dog when her throat was cut , authorities say .  police spokesman : `` it was a complete violation of protocol .
 gavin newsom says no to bid for boxer 's seat - cnnpolitics.com <sec> california lt. gov . .  gavin newsom announced he wo n't run for sen. barbara boxer 's seat .  his decision opens the door for attorney general kamala harris to run .  many of california 's rising democratic stars have expressed interest in the race as wel .
 arizona mom freed from mexican jail 'screamed ' for joy <sec> new : yanira maldonado calls for those who arrested her to `` repent '' .  maldonado 's attorney cites security camera footage as crucial evidence .  maldonado was accused of smuggling drugs on a bus .  mexican court determines prosecutors did not provide evidence .
 gates pledges u.s. 'will never turn our back ' on afghanistan <sec> new : u.s. relationship with afghanistan `` a long-term commitment , '' robert gates says .  new : u.s. defense secretary meets with afghan president hamid karzai in kabul .  karzai sets his own timeline goal for security handover in afghanistan .  gates acknowledges taliban `` for most part '' better paid than afghan security force .
 pennsylvania police : 'we will find you ' <sec> new : pennsylvania trooper is conscious after being shot .  $ 75,000 reward offered .  .308-caliber rifle believed used in friday 's shooting .
 try a shop-over en route to relaxation <sec> work at shopping in a big city , then unwind with a quiet retreat nearby .  check out homegrown design in mumbai before a few days on the coast in goa .  navigate the souks of marrakech , then drive to laid-back essaouir .
 for sale : artifacts from apollo lunar missions <sec> hundreds of rare aviation- and space-related artifacts are going on the auction block .  among them : items brought to the moon on the apollo lunar missions .  online auction begins thursday and runs through may 2 .
 conservatives are so wrong about corporations <sec> general motors may have known about problems with chevrolet cobalt back in 2005 .  sally kohn : gm recall and recent toyota settlement shows companies can not be trusted .  she says conservatives say private sector is efficient , but it 's also about fraud and deaths .  kohn : despite occasional shortcomings , government exists to advance public goo .
 dunblane : how uk school massacre led to tighter gun control <sec> tennis star andy murray present at dunblane attack , pays tribute to connecticut victims .  campaign against gun ownership led to 750,000-name petition handed to government .  british public generally supported ban -- most saying they saw no need for guns .  despite fall in gun crime since ban introduced , in 2010 a lone gunman killed 12 peopl .
 headed to the beach ? heads up for an invasion force <sec> the largest marine corps exercise on the east coast will begin monday .  it is designed to test the capability of every type of marine corps aircraft .  it will stretch from quantico marine base in virginia to a navy bombing range in florid .
 italy presses charges after ac milan soccer racism <sec> italian prosecutors press charges against one person after racist abuse during game .  abuse prompted ac milan players to walk off in middle of game .  kevin-prince boateng kicked ball into stands , tore his shirt and led his team off .  italian football association president giancarlo abete announced investigation into inciden .
 south korea 's k-pop takes off in the west <sec> korean films , soap operas and `` k-pop '' music idols have taken asia by storm .  cultural exports -- including films , comics and computer games -- hit a record $ 4.2b .  korea 's cultural playbook modeled on japan 's own sugary `` j-pop .
 north korea in grip of drugs epidemic , report claims <sec> report claims north korean drug producers are finding a ready market closer to home .  north korea review says as many as two-thirds of north koreans have used methamphetamines .  author says interviewees told her the border regions of north korea are awash with drugs .  interviewees say methamphetamines used as a palliative in lieu of prescription drug .
 friend : civil rights photographer 'not a traitor ' <sec> civil rights photographer ernest withers was revealed in 2010 to be an fbi informant .  his friend , martha huie , says withers was n't a traitor .  withers maintained a long love of art and photography , but never became wealthy from his wor .
 wan na learn english , anyone ? <sec> in 1979 , cctv producers sought to use national television to popularize english .  bob dylan 's `` blowin ' in the wind '' was among vetoed songs .  english had been virtually taboo when florcruz first arrived in china in 1971 .  rush to learn english has created a shortage of good english teacher .
 paterno loyalists call ncaa sanctions excessive <sec> joe paterno 's family says the ncaa penalties `` defame '' the coach 's legacy .  paterno fans say the penalties are overkill and hurt the wrong people .  overall , public opinion appears to support the tough sanctions .  the ncaa fines penn state , strips paterno of the victory record , and cuts scholarship .
 prosecutors : new dna evidence clears man imprisoned 17 years for rape <sec> george rodriguez was released in 2004 but never formally cleared .  prosecutors say dna tests rule out his participation in the 1987 rap .
 angelina jolie has ovaries , fallopian tubes removed <sec> jolie says she 'd been planning to have the surgery for some time but test results speeded the process .  she urges other women at high risk of developing cancer to explore their options and take control .  jolie : `` i know my children will never have to say , 'mom died of ovarian cancer ' .
 plane evacuated in utah after bomb threat <sec> new : the passengers and luggage were screened and released .  tsa says nothing was found on the aircraf .
 cambodian art : past to present <sec> fourteen artists , ranging in age and practice , displaying their works .  one work depicts duch , a former khmer rouge leader facing genocide tribunal .  cambodia 's arts were stunted by the 1970s genocide and civil war .  some 50 artists now practicing their craft in the southeast asian countr .
 11-year-old guatemalan 's body found near border id 'd <sec> sheriff believes boy became lost , probably died of heat stroke .  shirtless , decomposed body was found two weeks ago .  police tracked down family through phone number on belt buckle .  u.s. has been dealing with increasing numbers of children crossing borde .
 queen 's popularity sky-high in america on eve of diamond jubilee <sec> britain prepares to celebrate queen elizabeth ii 's 60th year on the throne .  that 's a 35-point jump from 1997 , when her favorable rating stood at 47 % .  poll showed 77 % of americans saying the royal family is good for the people of england .  but only one in eight americans would like to see royalty here in the united state .
 india hepatitis death toll reaches 38 <sec> an outbreak of contagious liver disease hepatitis b kills 38 people in india .  the victims died in the state of gujarat in western india in the past two weeks .  officials have recorded 125 cases of the infection .  doctor is facing attempted murder charg .
 mom connects families to feed the hungry <sec> pam koner 's nonprofit connects sponsor and recipient families .  family-to-family has provided nearly 800,000 meals to those in need .  families also connect on a social level , exchanging letters , photos , stories .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open at cnn.com/heroe .
 teen golf prodigy manassero launches professional career <sec> matteo manassero launches professional golf career with two-under-par 70 at italian open .  the 17-year-old was the youngest amateur to make the halfway cut at the masters .  he challenged golfing great seve ballesteros to a chipping duel at the age of four .  manassero is part of a golfing resurgence in italy with the molinari brother .
 can u.n. monitors help forge peace in syria ? <sec> the u.n. monitoring mission was `` dead on arrival , '' one analyst says .  u.n. officials : syria is refusing monitors from `` friends of syria '' countries .  spokesman : there are reports that those who speak to monitors may face retaliation .  the head of the observer mission says all sides in the conflict must commit to peac .
 overseas burial grounds honor fallen americans <sec> about 125,000 u.s. war dead are buried in american cemeteries overseas .  the american battle monuments commission maintains 24 american burial ground abroad .  the commission was created in 1923 following massive casualties in world war .
 syria writer elizabeth o'bagy , cited by kerry , mccain , fired for ph.d. lie <sec> elizabeth o'bagy was fired from the institute for the study of war for lying about a ph.d . .  john kerry , john mccain cited her wsj op-ed `` on the front lines of syria 's civil war '' .  o'bagy also was political director of the nonprofit syrian emergency task force .  the institute 's director says she is `` confident '' in o'bagy 's work despite ph.d. li .
 guatemalan leader should step aside during inquiry , foe says <sec> lawyer who blamed guatemala 's president for two slayings was killed sunday .  in video released after his death , lawyer says to blame president if he is slain .  president should step aside during inquiry , says man who lost '07 presidential race .  president blames deaths on people he says want to bring down his governmen .
 the 'selfie ' striker : francesco totti rescues roma <sec> francesco totti double rescues roma in 2-2 derby draw with lazio .  totti celebrates by taking a 'selfie of himself on the pitch .  barcelona beats atletico in la liga showdown .  man utd in shock home loss in english premier leagu .
 serena and venus on course for final meeting in dubai <sec> serena williams and sister venus on course for final after quarterfinal wins on thursday .  serena rushes past jelena jankovic 6-2 6-2 ; venus battles past flavia pennetta 6-3 7-5 .  venus to meet caroline wozniacki in semis following the dane 's 6-1 6-2 win in quarter .
 what is your most unique holiday tradition ? <sec> hiding an item in your christmas tree is an easy tradition to pass down .  one reader 's family participates in a marshmallow fight every christmas eve .  many families participate in a yankee swap -- a trick gift exchange .  people wear a pair of yellow underpants in latin american countries on new year 's ev .
 texas family plagued with ailments gets $ 3m in fracking judgment <sec> parr family suffered from nosebleeds , rashes , vision problems , `` vomiting white foam '' .  a dallas jury this week ordered aruba petroleum to pay the parrs $ 3 million in damages .  aruba says it did n't cause health problems or property damage ; company may appeal .  asked about drawn-out appeals process , lisa parr quotes tom petty : `` i wo n't back down .
 why create life in a lab ? <sec> scientist 's team announces creation of a cell controlled by a synthetic chromosome .  j. craig venter said it 's the first self-replicating species whose parent is a computer .  venter : work holds promise for new vaccines and ways to use carbon dioxide productively .  he says creating life is key to understanding lif .
 teen who cries blood gets help from experts <sec> tennessee teen started crying blood tears in may .  he suffers from a rare condition known as haemolacria , which means `` bloody tears '' .  in four other cases , bleeding stopped spontaneously with no cause foun .
 men accused of running $ 8m bank fraud from prison get 25 years <sec> case partly targeted transnational armenian power organized crime group .  authorities : cellmates directed associates on outside to help steal millions from bank accounts .  more than 500 victims targeted for total of more than $ 8 million , authorities sa .
 lower retirement age to 50-something <sec> chris farrell : `` we ca n't afford early retirement '' is alarmist ; there 's no social security crisis .  farrell says public and private pensions depend on economy 's 2 percent steady growth .  mandating older retirement is a step backward , he writes . .  wealthy societies do n't do that .  the goal should be giving people freedom of choice in the last third of life , farrell say .
 police : about 40 gay-rights activists detained in moscow <sec> police say the activists were holding an unauthorized demonstration .  report : a prominent activist was among those detained .  the incident took place outside the moscow city hall , reports sa .
 how many pro-clinton super pacs is too many ? <sec> some with no connection to clinton have started their own super pacs .  organizers of established pacs feel upstarts are uncontrollable variables .  anti-clinton groups are also springing up around more established super pac .
 inside al qaeda succession : who is likely to step up <sec> ayman al-zawahiri is the most likely successor to bin laden , but he lacks his charisma .  some saudi and yemeni members may refuse to swear allegiance to an egyptian .  but al-zawahiri has a reputation for strategic cunning and vision .  he is likely to face a difficult choice in selecting a deput .
 excitement as election fever grips liberia <sec> liberians head to polls tuesday amid excitement .  front-runner is ellen johnson-sirleaf the first african female president and nobel peace prize winner .  main opposition party 's vp candidate is international football star george wea .
 blackberry users offered apps , not cash , for outage <sec> blackberry users being offered free apps after worldwide outage .  no cash back or service credit is being offered so far .  some blackberry users saw outages between monday and thursday of last week .  more than $ 100 in apps will be available between wednesday and end of the yea .
 how 'd it get that name ? <sec> bob greene learned the story behind rock-ola jukeboxes ' name ; got curious about others .  he found snickers candy was named after a favorite horse of the mars family .  he learned how conway twitty picked a new name because the real one was n't as exciting .  greene : first there are products , then they need names ; and behind them some good storie .
 iran to soften ban on women attending sports events <sec> iranian sports official : the ban will be lifted for some events in the coming year .  but he says `` families are not interested in attending '' some sports matche .
 chewing tobacco and a major league dream <sec> major league baseball : chewing tobacco not allowed when fans are present .  chewing tobacco is a longtime ritual associated with baseball .  bobby dews recalls the history of chewing tobacco from his father 's storie .
 west indian batsman gayle makes history with innings of 333 <sec> west indies batsman chris gayle hits 333 in first test against sri lanka .  west indies declared on 580-9 with sri lanka making 54-1 at the close of day two .  brendon mccullum hits a double hundred as new zealand draw second test with india .  pakistan and south africa draw first test in two-match series in duba .
 ask park ji-sung your questions <sec> park ji-sung is the first korean to play in the champions league final .  he has just lead the south korean national team to the world cup finals .  sir alex ferguson calls him `` a very important player '' for united .  sound off : what do you want to ask park ji-sung .
 ca n't pay , wo n't pay : why countries should think about paying ransoms <sec> isis has kidnapped more than a dozen western citizens in recent years .  some european countries are known to pay , but the u.s. and uk do not .  keatinge : u.s. and uk are wrong to dismiss ransom demands out of han .
 queen elizabeth ii honored with lifetime achievement award <sec> queen elizabeth ii is given an equestrian lifetime achievement award .  queen and prince phillip received award in a ceremony at buckingham palace .  british monarch is one of britain 's leading breeders winning more than 1,600 race .
 teen who cries blood gets help from experts <sec> tennessee teen started crying blood tears in may .  he suffers from a rare condition known as haemolacria , which means `` bloody tears '' .  in four other cases , bleeding stopped spontaneously with no cause foun .
 passengers begin legal action against boeing after asiana crash <sec> dozens of passengers initiate legal action against plane maker .  asiana airlines flight 214 crashed july 6 in san francisco , killing three .  the national transportation safety board is investigating .  early attention has focused on the actions of the crew during landing attemp .
 france orders dismantling of roma camp south of paris <sec> interior minister 's action means expulsion of 72 inhabitants , including 19 children .  he says they will be housed elsewhere and will not be deported .  move is controversial : socialist party attacked party that dismantled roma camps in 2010 .  roma europe support group says it 's `` shocked and furious '' about the dismantlin .
 'snl ' 40th anniversary special : the moments <sec> sunday night 's special celebrates 40 years of the sketch classic .  former cast members such as eddie murphy and laraine newman appeared .  guests included kanye west , justin timberlake and betty whit .
 button : weather a major factor at malaysian grand prix <sec> jenson button says the weather could play a big part at the malaysian grand prix .  torrential rain caused the 2009 race to be called off after only 33 laps .  button won that rain-hit race on his way to 2009 drivers ' championship .  british mclaren driver also thinks humidity will be a factor for driver .
 'skinny jeans ' class aims to aid your zip <sec> skinny jeans workout tones core muscles so gym-goers can zip their skinny jeans .  balance , posture also addressed , as are flexibility and strength to hold back straight .  expert : like any exercise program , it 's important to start slowly , not get injure .
 alex morgan : body confident and ready to play <sec> alex morgan is the star striker of the uswnt , scoring 50 goals for her country so far .  the 25-year-old has twice modeled for sports illustrated 's swimsuit edition .  morgan is proud of the body she has worked for and hopes to inspire confidence in younger girl .
 santiago stopover : unlocking the secrets of chile 's capital <sec> santiago aims to become one of south america 's leading tourist destinations by wooing business travelers .  chile is already one of the continent 's leading locations in which to do business .  santiago offers an intriguing mix of the modern and historic , including idyllic churches , museums and park .
 no legs and one arm but lucas sithole is a 'rolling inspiration ' <sec> lucas sithole became the first south african citizen to win a u.s. open tennis title .  sithole beat world no . .  1 david wagner in the men 's quad final in new york .  the 27-year-old received a hero 's welcome when he returned to south africa .  he lost both his legs and most of his right arm when he fell under a train aged 1 .
 motogp star rossi in hospital after horror crash at home circuit <sec> motogp world champion valentino rossi to have operation after fracturing his leg .  italian thrown off his bike during practice session ahead of home race in mugello .  he will miss a race for the first time since his debut in the 125cc class in 1996 .  championship leader jorge lorenzo qualifies second on grid behind dani pedros .
