 bodies found of two nuclear plant workers missing since quake <sec> the two victims , both male , worked for tokyo electric and were in their 20s .  their bodies were found in the no . .  4 reactor 's turbine building , a utility official says .  they had not been seen since the march 11 earthquake and subsequent tsunami .  their remains were found wednesday , but it was n't announced until sunda .
 south korean officials : north korean rocket could hit u.s. mainland <sec> north korea launched a long-range rocket earlier this month .  it says it was to launch a satellite ; critics say it was to test missile technology .  south korea finds and analyzes an oxidizer tank used in the launch .  its officials say their analysis shows the rocket could go over 6,000 miles , carry 275 pound .
 personal sub could be easiest , safest yet <sec> without any extensive training you can explore the deep blue sea in no time .  sub 's batteries will last eight hours at cruising speed or four hours at top speed .  raonhaje offers to build custom moorings for the craf .
 tycoon donates cubist treasure trove to new york 's met museum <sec> leonard a. lauder will donate 33 works by pablo picasso .  other works will include 17 by georges braques .  lauder acquired his collection over nearly four decade .
 why our galaxy 's black hole is a picky eater <sec> black hole at center of milky way ejects more than 99 % of material for the 1 % it captures .  this has to do with temperature and angular momentum of gas in its surroundings .  in the early universe , there was a greater abundance of cold , dense ga .
 at & t fires back in verizon iphone ad bout <sec> at & t will begin running an ad touting the advantages of the iphone on its network .  verizon wireless has already ramped up advertising about the reliability of its network .  meanwhile , apple 's stance is that `` two is better than one .
 florida teen robert marucci , in x-rated videos , can return to school <sec> robert marucci was suspended from school after his x-rated videos were found .  marucci , 18 , says he took the job to help pay bills at home .  marucci was suspended because of threats , not videos , school district says .  teen was threatened when other students found videos , his mother say .
 cathay cabin crew threaten no-smile service <sec> cathay pacific 's flight attendants union voted to take industrial action after failed salary negotiations .  union currently considering work-to-rule action or reduced onboard services .  cathay pacific said it has contingency plans to deal with any industrial actions .  new : union said it will not go on strike over christmas travel period , but possibly during new yea .
 as super bowl nears , parents debate safety of football <sec> the nfl reported that concussions in the league were down 25 % in 2014 .  three high school football players from different states died in one week last year .  parents disagree on whether the game is safe for childre .
 detroit-area man who shot woman on porch arraigned on murder charge <sec> detroit-area man to stand trial in june for second-degree murder .  theodore paul wafer shot and killed renisha mcbride on his porch .  renisha mcbride 's family pushed for an arrest .  her family says she was seeking help after a car acciden .
 opinion : a big hole in the heart of obamacare <sec> ilya shapiro : court challenges are striking at the core of how obamacare operates .  shapiro : who is eligible for subsidies ? .  without them , consumers face full , high costs .  shapiro : law says those in state exchanges are eligible , not federal exchanges .  shapiro thinks millions of people in 36 states with federal exchanges get subsidies illegall .
 marco rubio 's deeds and words do n't match <sec> charles garcia : marco rubio has been hypocritical on the immigration issue .  he says rubio , a potential vp choice , moved to tighten tax credit for immigrant children .  the florida senator backs weakened dream act while opposing needed tax credit .  garcia : rubio should follow example of lbj , who realized value of holding public offic .
 haiti crisis triggers quake nightmare for pakistan legend <sec> earthquake struck northern pakistan , divided kashmir region in 2005 , claiming 80,000 lives .  imran khan recalled being overwhelmed by the sight of an entire town being reduced to rubble .  khan : `` their livelihoods disappeared overnight . .  they had nothing , no business , money , food '' .  the politician and former cricketer said haitians must be supported in the longer ter .
 hong kong drug conviction highlights growing trade <sec> woman claimed she was unaware her husband and her were trafficking drugs .  drug haul of 1,285 pounds of cocaine was one of biggest in hong kong .  hong kong is becoming a transit post for dealers bringing drugs into chin .
 cruisers ' choice : best cruise ships <sec> two disney ships took multiple honors .  fine dining is increasingly important at sea .  one ship won the best overall and the best value for money award .
 south korea automaker files for bankruptcy <sec> ssangyong plans to cut costs through voluntary retirement , paid leave .  china 's shanghai automotive industry corp. holds a 51 percent stake .  vehicle sales at ssangyong dropped nearly 30 percent last year , yonhap report .
 push to make porn star a senator no stunt , fan says <sec> stormy daniels fan insists movement to draft porn star for senate campaign for real .  republican sen. david vitter of louisiana now holds u.s. senate seat at issue .  vitter , up for re-election in 2010 , is known for his link to the `` d.c. madam '' .  daniels says she 's embracing possible candidacy , planning `` listening tour '' of stat .
 tropical storm ester leaves 1 dead , 15 missing in the philippines <sec> ester grows in strength after hitting the philippines .  at least one person was killed by the storm .  fifteen more remain missin .
 'hunger games : catching fire ' : what to know about the quarter quell <sec> `` catching fire '' finds heroine katniss back in the hunger games arena .  the movie further explores the love triangle between katniss , peeta and gale .  the film is darker and sexier than the firs .
 50 states , 50 jobs , one honeymoon <sec> heath and alyssa padgett are traveling to all 50 states in an rv for their honeymoon .  they are working an hourly job in each stop and documenting their experiences .  the trip will take seven months and end on christmas .  to make the full 50 , they 'll fly to alaska and hawai .
 senate democrats win over key holdouts to reach 60 votes on reform bill <sec> new : source says obama 's requests for bill on his desk by end of year wo n't be met .  sen. ben nelson reaches agreement that allays his concerns about funding abortion .  president obama : bill would be largest deficit-reduction measure in a decade .  sen. mitch mcconnell , senate republican leader , calls dems ' plan a `` train wreck .
 judge dismisses 'bachelor ' discrimination lawsuit <sec> a judge rules casting decisions by the network and series producers are protected .  the suit was brought by two nashville residents after they applied to be on `` the bachelor '' .  the complaint alleges that few people of color are chosen to compet .
 net neutrality : bill of rights for internet ( opinion ) <sec> cory booker , angus king : internet is the most powerful tool in the world , but it 's at risk .  booker , king : if the fcc makes the wrong decision , it would kill net neutrality .  they say fast lanes would destroy the open internet , increase discrimination and prices .  booker , king : an open internet promotes economic growth , social and economic mobilit .
 novak djokovic crushes stan wawrinka at atp finals <sec> novak djokovic defeats stan wawrinka in straight sets .  djokovic can secure end of year world no.1 spot with victory in final group match .  tomas berdych overcomes marin cilic in straight sets .  roger federer faces andy murray on thursda .
 eight arrested in klan-related killing , police say <sec> suspects recruited oklahoma woman to join klan , louisiana police say .  she was shot after demanding to be taken to nearby town , authorities say .  eight suspects are accused of trying to cover up killing .  one man is charged with second-degree murde .
 doves released at funeral for children , mother dead in murder-suicide <sec> new : thousands attend services for mother , three children .  new : neighbor , children 's grandmother call amanda bennett good mother .  family spokesman says they are grateful for support .  police say amanda bennett killed her three children , then hersel .
 study : some sunscreens overpromise on protection <sec> environmental working group : 4 out of 5 sunscreens tested do n't adequately protect .  group says chemical in sunscreens can penetrate skin and pose health concerns .  fda allows the chemical in sunscreens , says it is safe .  sunscreen manufacturers say their products are safe and effectiv .
 contraception controversy consumes d.c. , campaign <sec> new : `` this can be worked out , '' biden says .  santorum says it 's not about women , it 's about churches ' rights .  planned parenthood says access to contraception is `` basic health care '' .  the pending rule says religiously affiliated employers must provide full contraception coverag .
 reports : iphone 5 to be unveiled sept. 12 <sec> a september 12 event would be 11 months after iphone 4s rolled out .  apple has made no official announcement .  some say a smaller `` ipad mini '' also could be announced .  apple faces unprecedented phone competition , slipping sale .
 colombian rebels say french journalist is 'prisoner of war ' <sec> new : a woman claiming to belong to farc calls local reporters and reads a statement .  new : the rebel group admits to holding french journalist romeo langlois .  new : he received medical attention for a light arm wound , it reportedly says .  kidnapping government forces and civilians has been a key strategy of far .
 pakistan court suspends death sentence of governor 's killer <sec> a terror court sentenced qadri to death for taseer 's death .  the islamabad high court suspends the sentence .  qadri was part of governor taseer 's security detail when he shot him .  his attorney says qadri 's death sentence is illega .
 bolivian president apologizes for hosting iranian defense minister <sec> bolivia 's invitation of ahmad vahidi was criticized by jewish groups in argentina .  vahidi is wanted in argentina for his alleged role in the bombing of a jewish center .  president morales says `` undoubtedly a mistake '' was made , a jewish group say .
 missing 2-year-old boy presumed dead , authorities say <sec> `` the investigation has become criminal in nature , '' sheriff says .  syler newton was reported missing in the early morning hours of july 25 .  the search effort has turned to one of recovery , sheriff say .
 faa suspends 2 air traffic controllers over hudson crash <sec> spokeswoman : controller was talking to girlfriend on phone during accident .  controller 's supervisor also not present in building as required , spokeswoman says .  controller was handling plane carrying three people that collided with helicopter .  nine people died in collision of tourist helicopter and plane over hudson rive .
 rooney 's goal celebration leaves tottenham punch drunk <sec> manchester united thrashes tottenham hotspur 3-0 .  wayne rooney celebrates his goal by pretending to be knocked out .  chelsea held 1-1 at home but extends epl lead at top to six points .  gareth bale scores twice as real madrid keeps pace in la lig .
 'thank you : ' cleveland kidnapping victims speak out for the first time <sec> former captives release youtube video to convey appreciation to supporters .  courage fund has raised more than $ 1 million dollars for the victims .  women do n't plan to make any additional public statement .
 oscar pistorius ' murder trial wrapping up <sec> new : defense attorney barry roux cites errors by the state as he starts his closing arguments .  prosecutor argues pistorius `` can not escape '' a murder conviction as he wraps up state case .  gerrie nel labels pistorius an `` appalling '' witness , says he was vague and argumentative .  the athlete 's defense will make its closing arguments on frida .
 memo : two al qaeda leaders waterboarded 266 times <sec> memo : khalid sheikh mohammed waterboarded 183 times in one month .  former cia officer said in 2007 that mohammed waterboarded for 30-35 seconds .  obama : memos released because methods were reported , are now banned .  cia 's ex-chief denounces decision to release memo .
 what to do when you 're labeled 'overqualified ' <sec> `` overqualified '' tag a catch 22 for job seekers who ca n't get hired at their level .  employers may fear overqualified applicants will jump ship , take their jobs .  experts advise to put the issue out there so it can be addressed in interviews .  tell interviewers you want to learn new skills , will make a commitment to sta .
 'tequila party ' aims to increase latino voting bloc <sec> organizers are calling an effort to increase the latino voting bloc the `` tequila party '' .  they say it is nonpartisan and not endorsing candidates .  voter registration and immigration reform are focal points for the grou .
 ivory coast beat burkina faso to qualify for african cup of nations quarters <sec> ivory coast beat burkina faso 2-0 to record second group b win .  a salomon kalou strike and a bakary kone own goal seal victory .  victory sees the ivory coast qualify for quarterfinals of africa cup of nations .  sudan and angola share four goals earlier thursda .
 superkilen : welcome europe 's strangest public park <sec> copenhagen urban space is surreal , eclectic mix of objects from all over the world .  thai boxing ring , mogadishu stadium among recreated venues in superkilen park .  three park zones were created by experimental architects working with diverse local communit .
 opinion : i 'm embarrassed by ted nugent <sec> tim stanley : conservatives mostly let ted nugent 's outrageous remarks slide .  it 's shocking they seem afraid to dissociate themselves from nugent , he says .  he asks : what happened to the intellectual tradition of conservatism ? .  stanley : the pursuit of the party base leads to a surrender of rationalit .
 andy murray , simona halep toil but advance at u.s. open <sec> andy murray begins his u.s. open by toiling past robin haase in four sets .  2012 champion murray is hoping to find his form after slumping since july .  women 's second-seed simona halep rallies to beat a young american .  agnieszka radwanska , angelique kerber and venus williams also throug .
 6 dead in greenwood county , south carolina , shooting <sec> children and the suspected shooter are among the dead .  all died from gunshot wounds , a sheriff says .  greenwood county is located about 80 miles west of the state capital of columbi .
 eurostar boss : 'state of the art ' fleet set to grow european rail market <sec> eurostar ceo nicolas petrovic expects the new carriers to be online within the next three to four years .  possible destinations for eurostar include west germany , holland and switzerland .  petrovic not fazed by impending competition from deutsche bahn in channel tunne .
 tori amos : 20 years after her solo debut <sec> her newest album , `` night of hunters , '' was released on september 20 .  the ablum is a fable about one woman 's lost love and her emotional journey .  `` night of hunters '' uses amos ' familiar themes of spirit guides and magical elixir .
 'no chance ' of 9/11 museum opening on time , new york mayor says <sec> `` there 's no chance of it being open on time , '' mayor michael bloomberg says .  the museum was scheduled to open on the 11th anniversary of the terror attacks .  bloomberg blames the delay on the port authority on new york and new jerse .
 khan defends light-welterweight title <sec> british world champion amir khan retains his wba light-welterweight title .  the 23-year-old khan stops american paulie malignaggi in the 11th round .  the madison square garden fight marked khan 's big-fight debut on american soi .
 on the ground in iran : election excitement <sec> chief among concerns here : the economy and the burgeoning nuclear program .  authorities were taking steps to avoid the demonstrations that followed the 2009 elections .  all of the candidates have been vetted by supreme leader ayatollah ali khamene .
 brazil rout uruguay to top qualifying table <sec> brazil beat uruguay 4-0 in montevideo to top south american qualifying group .  previous leaders paraguay lost 2-0 at home to chile and are down to second .  argentina complete the top four in the table after a 1-0 success over colombi .
 fireworks cap independence day <sec> new : in boston , authorities delay celebrations because of storms .  a popular hot dog eating competition brought two reigning champs to brooklyn . .  president barack obama offered a holiday greeting following a naturalization ceremon .
 manchester united humiliated by leicester city <sec> leicester city beat manchester united 5-3 after a remarkable turn around .  united led 3-1 until a late leicester goal spree .  frank lampard equalizes for man city against old side chelsea .  barcelona tops la liga with thrashing of levant .
 feds uncover drug tunnel from mexico to arizona <sec> `` sophisticated drug smuggling tunnel '' runs from an ice plant in mexico , the dea says .  arizona police traced 39 pounds of methamphetamine in a truck to the tunnel , agents say .  three unnamed suspects are in custod .
 trailer pulled by father accidentally kills boy at okla. july 4 parade <sec> new : a tractor and fire engine in a fatal maine parade crash had been rerouted .  the tractor driver died after being hit by a fire truck during the bangor , maine , event .  a boy either fell or jumped off a float in edmond , oklahoma , police say .  the boy was run over by a trailer being towed by his father , according to polic .
 mexico accuses u.s. agent in border shooting <sec> mexican officials say a fatal shooting occurred along the u.s. border .  mexico 's foreign ministry condemns a `` disproportionate use of lethal force '' .  a border patrol spokesman says two agents opened fire during `` dangerous encounters '' .  the fbi is investigating , the spokesman say .
 japanese plant starts first nuclear reactor since tsunami crisis <sec> the reactor went offline in october after technical problems .  it is the first reactor brought back online since the march 11 disaster in japan .  the move is criticized by some who are concerned about nuclear safet .
 chinese socialite guo meimei in salacious tv confession <sec> guo meimei is one of china 's most high-profile social media celebrities .  socialite made a startling televised confession this week after her arrest last month .  she detailed a life of illicit sex and gamblin .
 spock , kirk urge trekkies to vote vulcan as new name of pluto moon <sec> the seti institute sets up an online vote to name two of pluto 's moons .  it will use the vote in proposing names to the international astronomical union .  vulcan -- the roman god of fire and home planet of spock , of star trek fame -- is winning .  william shatner and leonard nimoy have urged trekkies to vote for the vulcan nam .
 furyk disqualified for oversleeping <sec> american golfer and world number six , jim furyk , was kicked out of the first fedex cup play-off .  40-year-old missed his tee-off time by oversleeping .  furyk tells pga tour that he set an alarm on his cell phone which ran out of power overnigh .
 man accused of killing etan patz falsely confessed , attorney says <sec> suspect in 1979 disappearance of new york boy will plead not guilty , his attorney says .  a grand jury indicted pedro hernandez in the case this week .  hernandez 's statements to police are not reliable , his attorney says .  hernandez , charged with murder , confessed to killing the 6-year-old , police sa .
 7 of the world 's most beautiful lakeside lodges <sec> televisions and phones ? .  you wo n't find them in the rooms at moraine lake lodge in banff .  visitors can take a helicopter in and out of casa palopo on lake atitlan , guatemala .  the olympic ski runs near mirror lake inn at lake placid , new york , are open to guests during winter .  vila bled in slovenia has a `` tell us how to pamper you '' button that you can use to submit request .
 rangers tie world series at 2-2 <sec> texas rangers record a 4-0 win over st. louis cardinals to level world series 2-2 .  pitcher derek holland restricts cardinals to two hits in eight 1/3 innings .  game five of the best-seven-series is at texas monda .
 failed suicide bomber turns on al qaeda <sec> ahmad al shayea , a saudi , survived his suicide bombing mission in iraq .  he says al qaeda tricked him into delivering the truck bomb .  al shayea now works with the saudi government to battle al qaeda propaganda .  he tries to convince young saudis not to join the terrorist organizatio .
