 nursery school competition heats up in india <sec> more indians moving to urban areas , hence longer waiting lists for nursery schools .  some schools have places for less than 4 percent of applicants .  chosen nursery school determines 14 years of a student 's education , opportunities .  parents prefer private schools , complain some government schools are falling apar .
 'abundant evidence ' of crimes against humanity in n. korea , panel says <sec> u.n. report warns north korean leader kim jong un that he could be prosecuted .  widespread abuses are meant to terrorize `` the population into submission , '' panel says .  group says it will refer its findings to the international criminal court .  north korea calls the report fake , says it 's an effort to undermine the governmen .
 tunisian who allegedly wanted to commit terror , held in us <sec> man was arrested in new york last month , charged with immigration counts .  prosecutors said his true purpose for staying in the u.s. was to commit terror .  suspect previously lived in canada and traveled to the united states in march .  authorities said he was under surveillance since entering the united state .
 dolphins ' jonathan martin will not return to nfl this season <sec> dolphins place jonathan martin on reserve list .  martin said he was abused by teammates .  suspended richie incognito admits using n-word but says martin is his friend .  incognito is appealing suspensio .
 despite grounded air force , libyan troops still on attack <sec> gadhafi 's elite ground forces are well-paid , well-equipped .  those troops fight within cities , where coalition ca n't easily get the .
 will a military trial of the 9/11 suspects be credible ? <sec> military trial of the alleged planners of the 9/11 attacks on america began on saturday .  douglass cassel : trying them in a u.s. military commission will not be seen as credible .  he asks , why not try them before the same civilian courts that try homegrown terrorists ? .  cassel : the decision to use a military trial was made for reasons of politics , not justic .
 poll : u.s. could be doing more on ebola - cnnpolitics.com <sec> new poll shows 43 % of americans disprove of obama 's ebola response .  nine in 10 americans support stricter screening of passengers from africa , poll shows .  the poll came from the washington post/abc news and was conducted from thursday to saturda .
 coach ranieri happy after successful inter milan debut <sec> inter milan win first match this season in debut for new coach claudio ranieri .  saturday 's 3-1 victory at bologna lifts 18-time italian champions up table .  serie a champions ac milan also win first game of season , against cesena .  napoli held 0-0 by fiorentina to leave both clubs on seven points from four game .
 nfl playoffs , super bowl to be streamed online <sec> the nfl 's wild-card playoff games , pro bowl and super bowl will be streamed online .  the games will be available on nfl.com or nbcsports.com .  verizon customers also will be able to get the games on their phones and tablet .
 opinion : why is heir not in jail for child rape ? <sec> mel robbins : du pont heir robert richards did no jail time in rape of his toddler daughter .  sentencing judge said , in part , he `` would not fare well '' in prison . .  this is not justice .  robbins : wealth should n't shield him from justice .  robbins : civil jury should award big damages strip him of wealth that helped him avoid jai .
 oscar pistorius loved reeva steenkamp , agent says <sec> new : the prosecution asks for more time to prepare to question agent peet van zyl .  an acoustics expert is grilled about whose screams neighbors heard .  pistorius is accused of deliberately shooting his girlfriend , reeva steenkamp .  he says he shot steenkamp accidentally in his bathroom , mistaking her for an intrude .
 qantas cuts jobs as profits dive <sec> qantas net profit falls 83 % in six months to end of december .  industrial action , high fuel prices dragged on profit figure .  carrier plans to cut capital expenditure to shore up business .  airline grounded hundreds of flights last october in disput .
 fda fights drug overdoses with new labels for prescription painkillers <sec> prescription drugs are common cause of drug overdose deaths .  opioids such as oxycodone and hydrocodone are often the cause .  fda proposes labels to discourage over-use and misuse of the drug .
 opinion : will ukraine 's 'candy man ' deliver the goods ? <sec> election promises are made to be broken or ignored altogether , writes alexander nekrassov .  nekrassov : the point of the election was to introduce some sense of normality in ukraine .  petro poroshenko will be held responsible for anything that happens in the country , he says .  but his biggest challenge comes from ukraine 's own oligarchs , writes nekrasso .
 ferry bomb terror suspect held in manila <sec> alleged terrorist leader accused of plotting superferry bombing held in manila .  ruben pestano lavilla jr. , arrested in bahrain , arrived in philippines saturday .  lavilla allegedly belongs to group claiming affiliation to al qaeda-linked network .  authorities believe lavilla plotted 2004 superferry bombing in which 116 die .
 miss universe pageant opens to transgender contestant <sec> `` she should be allowed to enter the pageant , '' miss universe owner donald trump says .  contestant 's lawyer : `` we want this rule eliminated '' .  `` i am a woman , '' contestant jenna talackova says .  pageant officials previously disqualifed transgender woman from miss canada univers .
 tools that tell you if you 're legally drunk <sec> new laws could potentially make it easier for u.s. motorists to be arrested for drunken driving .  the ntsb wants states to reduce drivers ' blood-alcohol limit from 0.08 to 0.05 .  gadgets and apps can help drivers monitor their blood-alcohol level .
 mel gibson and girlfriend have a daughter <sec> grigorieva gave birth friday in los angeles , california .  the baby , named lucia , is his eighth and her second .  in august , grigorieva said the pair had no immediate plans to we .
 mean girls are getting younger <sec> in `` brutally honest '' video series , kelly wallace tackles provocative parenting questions .  we are seeing mean girl behavior at younger ages , bestselling author says .  one reason may be because of the way girls are portrayed in mainstream media .  study : significant impact on girls after watching shows featuring socially aggressive wome .
 dragon*con brings out enthusiasts ' inner geek <sec> convention celebrates science fiction , fantasy , comics and games .  college football fans caught unawares by atlanta , georgia , `` freak show '' .  steampunk aficionado sneers at pirates ' lack of molecular destabilize .
 putin speech promo : 'the bear never asks permission ' <sec> russian state-owned channel releases a promotion for president putin 's news conference .  putin is expected to address the economic woes hitting russia .  moscow is trying to prevent a currency crisis turning into an economic catastroph .
 can # askhermore celebs still accept free gowns ? <sec> reese witherspoon was among the actresses at the oscars who called for red carpet interviewers to # askhermore .  while red carpet fashion is a big draw for awards , women in hollywood say they want to talk about more than their gowns .  however , in many cases stars are paid to wear and promote the designer dresses . .  can they do both .
 blagojevich made name as a friend of the common man <sec> the son of a yugoslavian immigrant has working-class roots in chicago .  blagojevich worked in state 's attorney office before serving 3 terms in congress .  he became known for his energy , political clout before joining 2002 race for governor .  blagojevich appealed to middle class illinoisans with ads suggesting `` call me rod .
 kung fu : it 's no laughing matter <sec> kung fu has never regained its 1970s popularity in the west .  the genre has been mocked in movies like `` austin powers , '' `` starsky and hutch '' .  but fans know the genre is alive and flourishing in asi .
 for ebola caregivers , enormous fear , risk and bravery <sec> who : at least 416 health care workers have contracted ebola ; at least 233 have died .  caregivers deal with fear among patients and themselves ; many grapple with lack of equipment .  a dallas nurse became the first person known to have contracted ebola inside the u.s . .  the nurse was treating a liberian national in dallas who died from the virus last wee .
 programs to change gays to straights do n't work , report says <sec> american psychological association : trying to change orientation can be harmful .  group urges mental health professionals not to advocate changing orientation .  homosexuality de-listed as mental disorder in '75 , but some programs still treat it .  official with one such program says , `` change is possible .
 from drought to flood , queensland 's woes go on <sec> the brisbane river is still rising , with water levels expected to peak on thursday .  floods feared to be worse than in 1974 , when thousands of homes were inundated , and 14 people died .  change of weather a shock for residents more used to water shortages brought on by drough .
 cavani double for naples leaves manchester city reeling <sec> napoli beat manchester city 2-1 in champions league group a .  edinson cavani scores twice to sink english premier league leaders .  bayern munich seal passage to last 16 with 3-1 win over villarreal .  manchester united held 2-2 at home by benfica in group .
 'full house ' stars reunite for super bowl <sec> three stars from `` full house '' are going to appear in a super bowl commercial .  john stamos , bob saget and dave coulier have filmed a dannon oikos ad spot .  the teaser for the ad jokes that the three are still living together after all these year .
 turkish tv cuts politician during speech in kurdish <sec> ahmet turk switched to kurdish during address to party members .  turk decried fact kurdish language not protected under turkish law .  turkish state broadcaster trt then cut the broadcast .  ironic because turkey has started a new kurdish language state tv channe .
 chihuahua expected to recover after head injury with fork <sec> broken fork accidentally gets stuck in chihuahua 's head .  smokey ran into the woods , owners could n't find him for two days .  pet is `` recovering much better than expected , '' vet say .
 catholic witchdoctors of bolivia <sec> a new book records the extraordinary world of bolivian spirituality .  catholic deities are seamlessly incorporated alongside local spirits .  the aymara people live simultaneously in modern and traditional societies .  every aspect of life is determined by ancient ritual .
 tamil tigers offer to 'silence our guns ' in sri lanka conflict <sec> soldiers have cornered rebels in assault that has trapped 50,000-plus civilians .  tamil fighters have called for an end to fighting before when backed into a corner .  rebels have fought for an independent state for minority tamils since 1983 .  as many as 70,000 people have been killed since the civil war began 25 years ag .
 opinion : obama 's efforts on climate change may not be enough <sec> paul waldman says obama wo n't get climate change legislation through congress .  opposition to anything on the issue has become default gop position , he says .  administration is left to do what it can through regulatory power , he writes .  waldman says that unfortunately , it wo n't be enough in the long ru .
 clattenburg to face no action over chelsea racism complaint <sec> referee mark clattenburg to face no action from fa after complaint of racism by chelsea .  english club reported clattenburg after exchange with jon obi mikel during man utd match .  fa say ramires reported he had heard clattenburg say `` shut up you monkey '' to mikel .  fa find there 's no case to answer but also say ramires made allegation in good fait .
 canada 's alice munro , 'master ' of short stories , wins nobel <sec> she writes about `` ordinary canadian people '' and `` turns it into magic , '' publisher says .  canada 's prime minister congratulates munro .  a story from one of her collections is the basis of a film .  munro , who lives in southwestern ontario , is compared to anton chekho .
 the devastation of indonesia 's forests <sec> jenni watts produced expedition : sumatra , cnn 's new environment special .  the team traveled round indonesia charting some of the biggest issues affecting the country .  they met the local people in the indigenous talang mamak village of semerantiha .
 johansson defends privacy after nude photos posted online <sec> `` who does n't want to protect their own privacy ? '' .  the actress asks .  hackers allegedly stole nude photos from her phone and posted them online .  she was in kenya as an oxfam ambassado .
 one dead in overpass collapse in world cup host city <sec> new : overpass construction was supposed to have been completed for world cup .  new : overpass is almost four miles from a stadium where world cup is played .  brazilian firefighters say one person is dead .  belo horizonte , brazil , will host tuesday 's semifinal match in the world cu .
 magnitude 6.8 earthquake strikes off coast of chile <sec> new : chilean president sebasti치n pi침era says no major injuries reported .  new : images from tv chile show residents of concepci칩n crying in the streets .  a magnitude 6.8 earthquake rattled the central coastal region of chile .  it struck near the epicenter of last year 's deadly quake in concepci칩 .
 afghan school poisonings an omen ? <sec> gayle lemmon : afghan schoolgirls face alleged poison attacks and other threats .  lemmon : reports of poisonings vary , but it 's certain classrooms across the nation are at risk .  negotiators must make the safe education of girls a priority for afghanistan 's future , she says .  lemmon says that afghan women leaders do n't want the world 's pity , just its attentio .
 5 reasons why congress might ( finally ) pass a budget <sec> for the first time in years , leaders agree on a full budget plan .  republicans want to avoid another government shutdown and focus on obamacare .  democrats can still brand republicans as the shutdown party due to october .  bureaucrats , politicians and the economy benefit from the funding certaint .
 turkish town on syrian border deals with fighting , ethnic differences <sec> syrian fight overflows to turkish town of ceylanpinar .  ceylanpinar and syria 's ras al ain are one town separated by a border .  fighting first erupted in the area on november 8 , when syrian rebels mounted an assaul .
 afghan delegation plans pakistan visit to meet taliban founder <sec> a delegation will travel to pakistan to meet mullah abdul ghani baradar .  the former taliban second-in-command was recently freed by pakistan .  the visit plays into efforts to pursue peace in war-torn afghanistan .  the plan is announced after the afghan and pakistani leaders meet in londo .
 'social network ' raises questions as debut nears <sec> critics ask : will `` the social network '' be a box-office hit and an awards contender ? .  film could be the first major , zeitgeisty film that portrays generation y .  facebook executives are concerned it will be bad for mark zuckerberg 's imag .
 climber : 11 killed after avalanche on pakistan 's k2 <sec> mountaineer says 11 dead , including sherpa who tried to rescue climbers .  17 climbers had made summit at k2 -- world 's second-highest mountain .  ice fall destroyed their fixed lines and safety rope .
 opinion : jones filtered music through broken heart <sec> dierks bentley : his friend and inspiration , country music legend george jones has died .  he says listening to jones means `` hearing '' him ; his words filtered through a broken heart .  he says in jones ' catalog you can hear what great country does : reaches out , consoles .  bentley : jones part of country 's `` greatest generation . '' .  thank them while you ca .
 record heaven : inside the world 's biggest collection <sec> 5 million records stored in two warehouses and his home .  bus magnate zero freitas began collecting as a boy .  now he is working on making the huge collection available to the publi .
 bayern and inter beaten in european champions league <sec> fc basel beat bayern munich 1-0 in champions league last 16 first leg .  late goal from substitute valentin stocker seals win for swiss side .  basel put out manchester united in group stages .  marseille beat inter milan 1-0 in their first leg tie in franc .
 police try to id dismembered body found in niagara river <sec> a body was found in canada 's niagara river on wednesday .  the deceased was a homicide victim .  she is described as a white woman in her mid-20s to early 40 .
 dear stranger , thanks for being the 'other mother ' in my life <sec> cnn puts a spotlight on women who have raised children not biologically their own .  ireport submissions highlight grandmothers , colleagues and sisters who have stepped up .  leave your `` other mother '' tributes in the comment section belo .
 barbara walters says she regrets trying to help syrian aide <sec> walters contacted cnn 's `` piers morgan tonight '' on the woman 's behalf .  cnn did not interview or hire sheherazad jaafari .  jaafari is the daughter of syria 's u.n. ambassador .  affectionate e-mails from the woman to syria 's president were obtained by cn .
 pilot killed when u.s. jet crashes in jordan <sec> a u.s. air force pilot was killed in the crash .  the pilot 's name has not been released .  the jet suffered a maintenance problem , the pentagon say .
 judge postpones arraignment for iraq war vet accused of killing homeless men <sec> an arraignment hearing is scheduled for february 17 .  itzcoatl ocampo , 23 , is accused of fatally stabbing four homeless men .  a defense attorney says he was not given enough time to meet with ocampo .  a prosecutor calls the former marine a `` serious , vicious killer .
 all 3 victims in virginia hot air balloon crash identified <sec> two victims were part of university of richmond college basketball program .  event spokesman : faa inspected balloons ; all safety records were up to date .  authorities are investigating the cause of the cras .
 hearsay evidence proves crucial in drew peterson 's conviction <sec> new : jurors say hearsay evidence was critical in peterson 's conviction .  stacy peterson disappeared in 2007 and is believed dead .  but her disturbing statements are presented in court through witnesses .  defense lawyers argue hearsay is unconstitutional but illinois made it legal in certain case .
 comedian jamie kaler talks like a sailor , literally <sec> comedian jamie kaler is a former navy lieutenant who can no longer zip up his uniform .  kaler is known as the `` drunken red-headed guy '' on the tbs comedy `` my boys '' .  the comedian just completed filming for the feature film `` the wicked .
 campaigners push for marriage equality worldwide <sec> campaigners worldwide pushing for same-sex marriages .  australian prime minister reiterates her opposition to gay marriage .  belgium , canada , spain , south africa , norway among countries allowing same-sex marriages .  same-sex relations are still criminalized in 76 countries , five with death penalt .
 pkk kurd militants killed in battle with turkish forces <sec> four turkish troops were wounded in the flight , according to the country 's military .  turkey president recep tayyip erdogan says clashes are attempt to halt a resolution process with kurds .  violence between kurds and the turkish military has been ongoing for more than three decade .
 text a driver in new jersey , and you could see your day in court <sec> kyle best was behind the wheel of his pickup , texting his friend .  he swerved into the opposing lane and hit a couple on a motorcycle .  the couple sued him -- and the girl who was texting him .  court : people texting drivers can be liable for wrecks if they know recipient is behind whee .
 u.n. : 43 peacekeepers captured in golan heights <sec> news comes a day after rebels took crossing between syria , israeli-occupied golan heights .  the u.n. says 43 peacekeepers from fiji detained in area of quneitra , syria , near crossing .  an israeli military official says the al-nusra front is detaining the peacekeeper .
 apparently this matters : banana peels <sec> a japanese study of the slipperiness of banana peels won an ig nobel prize on thursday .  the ig nobels are a parody award for science , presented at harvard university .  another winner was for research explaining whether or not cats are bad for human mental healt .
 fox host o'reilly says restaurant comments not racist <sec> fox news host bill o'reilly says his comments about restaurant were distorted .  said harlem restaurant was `` exactly the same '' as those in white neighborhoods .  o'reilly visited famed restaurant sylvia 's with civil rights leader al sharpton .  sharpton : o'reilly `` said nothing at dinner ... that was offensive to me .
 wisconsin recall campaign winds up - cnnpolitics.com <sec> `` we 've got to take it all the way , '' gov . .  scott walker tells backers in green bay .  walker is hailed by republicans and vilified by democrats for weakening public unions .  his foe , tom barrett , says walker is trying to be `` the rock star of the far right '' .  outside money has poured into wisconsin due to the race , most of it in support of walke .
