 excerpt : parents , your kids are n't that special <sec> jack says there 's no such thing as the perfect family , only degrees of dysfunction .  cafferty : parents ' inability to impose limits reflects in dropout rates , drug abuse , sex .  jack ca n't recall a generation `` ever so indulged and enabled to behave so badly .
 david cassidy arrested again on drunken driving charge <sec> cassidy blew .19 % on an alcohol test , the california highway patrol says .  the singer-actor was charged with drunken driving in 2010 in florida and 2013 in new york .  the chp stopped his car after an illegal turn near the los angeles airport , it says .  cassidy starred in the 1970s tv series `` the partridge family .
 education secretary under fire for comment about 'white suburban moms ' <sec> new : in remarks to cnn , duncan apologizes for his choice of words .  the `` white suburban moms '' comment came in a meeting with state education chiefs .  he was talking about the common core state standards , a controversial effort .  writes one commentator : `` this obama educrat has stepped in it . .  big time .
 florida boys school probe yields wood-filled casket <sec> anthropologists , authorities exhumed casket of thomas curry in philadelphia this week .  exhumation part of probe into deaths , disappearances at florida 's infamous dozier school .  curry 's casket had no human remains ; authorities now searching for body at dozier .  ex-students allege beatings , sexual abuse , disappearances ; ex-guards deny abuse occurre .
 the secret side of panama <sec> the pacific coast region of los santos is about five hours from panama city .  the region 's big draw is its blissfully empty beaches .  the town of pedasí 's is a good launchpad for day trips to iguana islan .
 robbers caught on camera by cnn crew <sec> raiders take sledgehammer to store 's windows as cnn camera rolls .  motorcycle gang helped themselves to watches before making getaway .  police say no arrests have been made ye .
 tanzanian family life <sec> lizzie chose to live with dennis maina and his family in musoma .  the family has given her an insight into everyday life in the country .  she has learned how to pluck a chicken , gut a fish and handwash clothes .  at dennis 's daughter 's 10th birthday party , lizzie teaches new games and bakes a cak .
 nasa scientist links climate change , extreme weather <sec> james hansen argues that rising global temperatures are fueling an increase in extreme weather .  he cites a 2010 heat wave in russia and last year 's texas drought as examples .  hansen , an activist , directs research at the nasa goddard institute for space studie .
 record flooding has affected half a million namibians , red cross says <sec> 80 people reported drowned ; death toll expected to rise as diseases spread .  40,000 people have been displaced ; roads , bridges , homes , crops destroyed .  flooding has closed schools , cut off access to health facilities .  namibian president has declared a national emergenc .
 does video show isis leader al-baghdadi ? <sec> video shows a man identified as isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi speaking at a mosque .  if it 's actually al-baghdadi , it would be one of his first known appearances on video .  iraqi and u.s. experts are analyzing the video , which surfaced on social media sites .  days earlier , unconfirmed reports said al-baghdadi had been killed or wounde .
 death toll rises in twin bombing in pakistan <sec> the first explosion targeted shiite religious observers on a bus .  the second attack occurred outside a hospital treating victims of the first blast .  motorcycles were used in both attacks , say officials .  a blast in karachi in late december , during ashura , killed more than 40 peopl .
 is this an alien landing site , ancient monument , or something else ? <sec> google earth users delved into a range of theories to explain giant spiral in egypt .  the shape is actually a 17-year old art installation by d.a.st . .  arteam .  the artwork is already showing signs of deterioration , and may not last another 50 year .
 back from the grave , king richard iii gets rehab <sec> shakespeare depicts richard iii is a `` rudely stamp 'd , '' `` deformed , unfinish 'd '' villain .  discovering his grave is a new chance to make a case for 'good king richard , ' supporters say .  richard 's bones could mean `` re-writing a little bit of history in a big way , '' researcher says .  richard iii 's `` new '' face based on the newly-found skull is unveiled tuesda .
 hong kong calls on bangladesh to fill domestic helper shortage <sec> hong kong faces a shortage of domestic helpers , a vital part of its economy .  indonesia has said it aims to curb its low-paid foreign work pool by 2017 .  hong kong plans to import more domestic helpers from bangladesh .  there are currently more than 290,000 foreign domestic helpers in hong kon .
 wave of attacks kills dozens amid iraq 's upheaval <sec> the head of the iraqiya bloc says the attacks reveal a `` weakness '' of services .  prime minister al-maliki vows the attackers `` will not escape punishment '' .  20 different explosions targeted residential and commercial districts of baghdad .  finance minister : we warned the u.s. but no one listene .
 royal chauffeur suspended after alleged palace security breach <sec> reporter claims he entered palace after paying a `` buckingham chauffeur '' .  news of the world reporter filmed being allowed to sit in one of the royal vehicles .  palace spokeswoman says officials are investigating the tabloid 's allegatio .
 solange and jay z : the internet knows <sec> theories are buzzing on the internet about what sparked the hotel elevator incident .  solange knowles , jay z and beyonce have not commented .  on thursday , solange posted a pic of her and her siste .
 nation 's mayors pass resolution to 'bring u.s. war dollars home ' <sec> mayors take stand on war policy for the first time since vietnam .  they say urgent domestic economic needs should take priority .  dissent among mayors forced amendments before the statement was approve .
 not quite a presidential debate for nigeria <sec> nigeria 's presidential candidates fight for voters on all media -- except live presidential debates .  major issues many nigerians want addressed include : security , the economy , corruption and electricity .  opposition candidate muhammadu buhari blames government for military setbacks against boko hara .
 angry balotelli blasts racist abuse <sec> mario balotelli `` bitter and angry '' after being racially abused by italy supporters .  right-wing fans fly banners saying italy should not have multi-ethnic national team .  balotelli played for an hour against romania in klagenfurt before being taken off .  national coach cesar prandelli supports the 20-year-old and condemns the abus .
 jihadi web forums suggest targets for terror <sec> fbi says list appears aspirational in nature .  it contains the names of more than 40 people and photos of 26 .  a law enforcement official told cnn there is no indication a specific plot exist .
 review : 'this is 40 ' <sec> paul rudd 's pete is the floppy-haired hero of judd apatow 's `` this is 40 '' .  `` this is 40 '' is less about a concept than a state of being .  the whole tone of the movie is spontaneous , rolling , experientia .
 thailand denies whipping refugees on beaches <sec> thai military denies abusing refugees from myanmar .  witnesses say ethnic rohingya whipped face down on tourist beach .  reports say hundreds missing after being towed back out to se .
 study : growing number of calls to poison centers involve kids and energy drinks <sec> 40 % of `` energy drink exposure '' calls to poison control centers are for children under 6 .  study authors believe the number is under-counted .  the fda does not set a caffeine limit for childre .
 european union to receive its nobel peace prize <sec> three past laureates have protested the choice of the eu for the peace prize .  three presidents of the eu 's governing bodies will accept the prize .  the norwegian nobel committee pointed to lasting peace between germany and france .  there are enormous economic disparities between eu member countrie .
 move over india -- south africa bids to become call center capital <sec> south africa is looking to grow its call center industry .  the government has introduced a number of financial incentives to attract more companies .  companies like amazon and aegis are now using south african call centers .  the south african accent is a major asset , industry players clai .
 divorce reportedly costs russian oligarch $ 4.5 billion , with a b <sec> dmitry rybolovlev ordered to pay his wife , elena , more than $ 4.5 billion , report says .  he is known most recently for his real estate moves and his purchase of as monaco .  dmitry and elena rybolovlev , both 47 , have been married 23 years , according to reports .  russian billionaire made his original fortune with uralkali , a russian fertilizer compan .
 rory mcilroy targeting career grand slam at augusta <sec> rory mcilroy thrilled with u.s. pga championship win .  mcilroy already targeting success at 2015 masters .  he could become fourth player to win three consecutive majors .  win at augusta would give him a career grand sla .
 opinion : high court 's support of dna swabs will help catch rapists <sec> scott berkowitz : supreme court rules cops can take dna swab when there 's serious crime .  at issue was a man convicted of a 6-year-old rape after his dna was taken after an arrest .  berkowitz : ruling could have stopped police from taking dna , hurting fight against rape .  he says court preserved valuable tool in country 's fight against sexual violenc .
 judge kozinski admonished for explicit items on web site <sec> alex kozinski is chief judge of the 9th circuit u.s. court of appeals .  items on judge 's web site included photos of naked women painted like dairy cows .  judicial council says his actions embarrassed federal judiciary .  kozinski has apologized for his `` unfortunate carelessness .
 would you marry the same person again ? <sec> 68 percent of respondents say they would marry the same person again .  china has the highest level of spousal satisfaction , and malaysia the least , survey finds .  on average men were more dissatisfied with their wives than women with their husband .
 opinion : when hollywood 's right wing was cool <sec> tim stanley : shirley temple was american 's sweetheart and a committed conservative .  conservatism in hollywood today is a rarity today .  reagan , as president , wooed religious right ; hollywood conservatism declined , he says .  he says studios ' political kingmakers now come from the lef .
 who is saif al-islam gadhafi ? <sec> `` he 's arrested , he 's alive , and now he will face justice , '' chief prosecutor says .  saif al-islam was seen as a potential successor to his father , moammar gadhafi .  he studied at the london school of economics and speaks fluent english .  the international criminal court accuses him of war crime .
 mike chinoy : tv news was going to change everything <sec> chinoy was on the balcony at the beijing hotel near tiananmen square .  he gave a live commentary on what he was seeing and hearing .  u.s. secretary of state james baker was asked to respond to the breaking news .  chinoy realized that 24-hour television news was going to alter everythin .
 injured sharapova pulls out of season opening tournament <sec> maria sharpapova forced out of brisbane international .  right collarbone injury has not cleared up in time .  serena williams marches into last eight with straight sets win .  john millman earns second round clash with andy murra .
 myanmar 's president grants 452 prisoners amnesty <sec> 452 prisoners released in myanmar thursday .  u.s. president barack obama is scheduled to visit myanmar in a few days .  country formerly known as burma has been undergoing democratic reforms .  buddhist-muslim violence is causing tension in western myanma .
 nyc goes 12 days without a homicide -- a modern record <sec> a man was shot friday night in new york city , ending a 12-day streak with no homicides .  that 's the longest stretch for nyc on modern record , police say .  the last reported homicide was february 1 in upper manhatta .
 mount hood hiker found dead ; 2 others missing <sec> three began hike on oregon 's mount hood on friday morning .  they were reported missing 21 hours later ; one found dead saturday .  authorities searching for the two others .  threat of avalanches hindering search , authorities sa .
 poll : iowa senate race still too close to call <sec> the latest poll in the iowa senate race shows the contest is still a dead heat . .  braley is gaining with independents and women , while ernst leads with men . .  about 10 percent of likely voters said they could still change their mind . .  ernst could benefits from republican governor terry branstad 's 15-point lead .
 china military spending to increase <sec> china says its military spending will increase by 10.1 % in 2015 .  china prioritizing military spending even as economic growth slows .  spending likely to focus on china 's naval forc .
 justice ginsburg ready to welcome sotomayor <sec> justice ruth bader ginsburg happy about possibility of female colleague .  ginsburg : `` women belong in all places where decision are being made '' .  she says sotomayor `` well-equipped to handle the challenges our work presents .
 can revived torres rescue chelsea 's season for benitez ? <sec> fernando torres scores twice for the second time this week in chelsea victory .  spain striker has ended two-month drought which coincided with team 's struggles .  chelsea 's 3-1 win at sunderland is first in epl under new boss rafael benitez .  swansea fan arrested for alleged racist gesture during 4-3 defeat by norwic .
 female police chief killed in mexico <sec> hermila garcia had been police chief for two months .  she was attacked as she drove to work .  garcia was one of several women to take jobs as police chief .
 report : bundesliga most profitable league , premier league most wealthy <sec> business group deloitte says bundesliga was most profitable european league in 2011-12 .  german division made $ 242 million profit despite generating less revenue than premier league .  premier league tops revenue creation with $ 3.8 billion , ahead of bundesliga with $ 2.36 billio .
 syria says terrorist attack causes country-wide blackout <sec> new : a large explosion rocked damascus , syria-focused human rights group says .  state-run news agency cites a `` terrorist '' attack on a power plant in southern damascus .  activists post video of fire .  in london , the main opposition umbrella group lists conditions for a planned conferenc .
 chinese dissident 's company challenges tax evasion allegations <sec> new : ai confirms he has been extended an invitation by a berlin university .  weiwei was released last month on bail .  chinese dissident is answering tax evasion charge .
 tokyo : insider tips <sec> tokyo has a fantastic subway system -- just do n't use it during rush hour .  few atms accept foreign cards , so you should take travelers ' checks .  100 yen shops are hugely popular in tokyo and are great value for mone .
 cheating claims delay sat test scores in china , south korea <sec> chinese and south korean who took sat on october 11 will have scores delayed .  test administrator ets suspects cheating may have occurred .  `` cheating is seen as a fair way to play the game '' in china , says educator .  last year , sat had to be canceled in south korea after cheating suspicion .
 miley cyrus gets tattoo of deceased dog <sec> cyrus honored her dog with a tattoo .  friends including wayne coyne also got inked .  the flaming lips singer says cyrus has `` magic brain .
 still searching for work , months after a layoff <sec> rachel gold , 28 , worked in recruiting ; anthony barberio , 46 , worked on wall street .  despite their differences , both are looking for jobs after being laid off last year .  they are using social networking sites , online searches , recruiters and blogs .  hundreds of applications have resulted in few leads , but both see reasons for hop .
 german tourists among 6 killed in bus crash in china <sec> a bus carrying german tourists rear-ends a truck on a beijing-shanghai road .  the bus catches fire after the collision , killing six and injuring 14 , the authorities say .  it comes after a weekend of heavy traffic on chinese roads as a weeklong holiday begin .
 5 oscar contenders everyone is talking about—and one nobody is ( yet ) <sec> a few of the holiday-season movies are shaping up to be oscar contenders .  there are dramas , a fantasy tale and even a musical .  some pictures are being released on a limited basis to make them eligibl .
 tension too much for tennis star 's pregnant wife <sec> bob and mike bryan save match point to reach australian open doubles final .  bob 's first child is due to be born on saturday , the day of the final .  the bryan brothers hoping to win a record 12th grand slam doubles title .  their opponents will be indian leander paes and czech radek stepane .
 pope 's butler arrested over vatican documents leak <sec> new : given its limited judicial system , the vatican may ask italy to handle the case .  paolo gabriele , the pope 's butler , is suspected of leaking confidential papers to the media .  pope benedict is `` saddened and shocked '' at the arrest , the vatican spokesman says .  a book based on the documents charts an internal power struggle within the vatica .
 why is the arab world frozen in time ? <sec> kai bird : why does hosni mubarak still rule in egypt , royalty in jordan , saudi arabia ? .  bird grew up in egypt under nasser , who envisioned secular path to modernity .  he says nasser 's defeat in june 1967 war was a shock to arab ethos , end to his dream .  bird : jihadists have nothing to offer but a desperate alternative to dictatorship .
 omaha plant fire , collapse : 10 hurt , two deaths <sec> new : police say body of keith everett recovered , one still in building .  chief says despite reports , they are unable to say there was an explosion .  company has been cooperative with investigators , he says .  osha says too early to say what caused the inciden .
 travel photo of the day <sec> see more ireport galleries : glorious ireland , beautiful beaches .  follow us on twitter @ cnnireport and @ cnntrave .
 report : at least 4 injured by explosions in cairo <sec> new : a blast goes off near a courthouse in eastern cairo , state media report .  minor explosions hit two different metro stations .  the egyptian interior ministry has declared a maximum aler .
 the new air force one <sec> pentagon approves bigger version of the boeing 747 as the new air force one .  air force one may be the most famous plane in the world .  basically a white house with wings , it has been witness to american histor .
 chinese communist party congress enters second day <sec> party 's national congress in second day .  thousands of delegates in beijing for key meeting .  it follows a year beset by scandal for the party .  four tibetans set themselves on fire , tibetan government in exile say .
 woman eats three 72-ounce steaks in 20 minutes <sec> molly schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks sunday in amarillo , texas .  the sacramento woman , 35 , is a professional on the competitive-eating circui .
 residents of flood-threatened australian town told to stay away <sec> flood waters in st. george are expected to peak around 45 feet .  that is below the level of the levee bank protecting the town .  authorities tell residents that they should not return to their homes yet .  a thunderstorm warning threatens to hamper the cleanup effort in other queensland town .
 teacher faces discipline over obama effigy <sec> obama effigy found in classroom at troubled rhode island school .  `` it was obviously imprudent on his part , '' superintendent says .  local teachers union condemns act .  source said teacher is beloved faculty member who has done much goo .
 migrant train delay causes european diplomatic rift <sec> france refused entry to a train carrying north african migrants from italy .  tunisians had been issued permits by italy , allowing them to enter france .  italian foreign minister estimates 300,000 libyans could leave country .  schengen agreement allows people to travel freely between 25 europea .
