 opinion : nigerians haunted by girls ' kidnapping <sec> more than 200 nigerian girls still missing , 100 days after being kidnapped from their hostels .  agony of girls , and their parents , has haunted nigeria since , writes chude jideonwo .  years of political infighting between ruling and opposition parties led to breakdown of trust , he adds .  jideonwo criticizes harassment of leaders of # bringbackourgirls at international airport .
 france , italy in euro 2008 showdown <sec> france face world champions italy at euro 2008 with losers going home .  both sides face elimination if romania beat the netherlands in other group game .  italy to put `` heart and souls '' into winning the match , coach donadoni says .  french coach domanech admits french hopes of qualifying are `` tiny .
 demolition starts at florida home where sinkhole devoured man <sec> a large backhoe demolishes part of the house and scoops valuables to safety .  crews recover a bible , military awards and an american flag from the wreckage .  work to demolish a florida home where a sinkhole opened up will continue monday , authorities say .  `` it 's really not possible to recover the body '' of jeff bush , a county official say .
 david beckham signs for 2 more years with l.a. galaxy <sec> david beckham 's 2011 season was best of his five-year mls career .  former england captain helped lead club to its first championship since 2005 .  he says he 's `` committed as ever '' to growing soccer in the united states .  the 36-year-old had earlier considered returning to europe ahead of olympic .
 why mitt romney is losing <sec> reihan salam : the scars of the gop primaries are dragging mitt romney 's candidacy down .  he says romney moved to the right to win over conservatives , now lacks centrist appeal .  a variety of innovative ideas could have broadened his appeal , salam writes .  salam : taking on big banks and cutting energy subsidies would be smart policies for romne .
 sport sleep coach 's top tips to improve your slumber <sec> nick littlehales is a sleep coach who has worked with leading sports institutions .  his big break came back in 1998 when he contacted soccer club manchester united .  the 54-year-old has more recently worked with european champion real madrid .  his sleep tips helped british cyclist bradley wiggins win tour de france and olympic gol .
 roma stunned by last-gasp bologna <sec> roma surrender a two-goal lead to lose 3-2 at home against bologna .  italian champions juventus top the table after beating genoa 3-1 .  napoli maintain 100 % record by defeating parma .  lazio also make it three wins from three games with a win against chiev .
 one fish , two fish , red fish , saltfish <sec> ackee and saltfish is perhaps jamaica 's most popular dish .  there 's more to jamaican cooking than jerk chicken .  do n't forget the rum -- or the red stripe bee .
 isis : does terrorism ever work ? <sec> peter bergen : most of the time , terrorism becomes self-defeating .  he says osama bin laden 's strategy involving 9/11 was a failure .  isis strategy also does n't make sense , bergen say .
 finding 'infinite ' family online <sec> amy stokes was named one of the top 10 cnn heroes of 2011 .  her nonprofit connects south african children with online mentors .  stokes : millions of african children do n't have adults to mentor the .
 9 air force commanders fired over nuclear missile test cheating <sec> the head of the 341st missile wing `` relinquished command , '' asked to retire .  `` leadership 's focus on perfection led commanders to micromanage , '' official says .  the cheating on an exam for missile launch officers was between 2011 and 2013 .  air force leader : though they did n't cheat , commanders did n't provide adequate oversigh .
 labor day by the numbers <sec> be ready to pay 14 cents more per gallon of gas this weekend than last year .  3.2 million people have a commute that is longer than 90 minutes .  will you wear white after labor day .
 bitter cold stretches south , but milder weather in forecast for some <sec> new : fast-moving cold front knifes through southeastern u.s. , into florida .  new : at least nine deaths nationwide blamed on cold weather this week .  new : warmer air gradually will move eastward , with northeast the last to see relief .  key west , florida , southernmost point in continental u.s. , has coldest day in 112 year .
 pardoned mississippi murderer drops out of sight <sec> reward offered for information leading to joseph ozment .  outgoing mississippi governor pardoned ozment , more than 200 others .  ozment is free , but is sought to appear at a civil hearing on the pardon .
 myanmar muslims call off eid celebrations <sec> a group of islamic organizations in myanmar has canceled eid al-adha celebrations .  there have been violent clashes this week between buddhists and rohingya muslims .  dozens of people have been killed , and thousands of homes have been burnt dow .
 another canadian city braces for flooding , evacuates 10,000 <sec> new : trans-canada highway bridge to close .  river in medicine hat is predicted to peak monday .  about 10,000 people there have evacuated .  flooding has killed at least three peopl .
 u.n. : 100,000 more dead in darfur than reported <sec> in march , death toll in darfur given as 200,000 ; 2.5 million people displaced .  u.n. official now says that figure is closer to 300,000 dead since 2006 .  official reports that sexual violence has increased , food rations hurt in region .  darfur conflict began five years ago when ethnic african tribesmen took up arm .
 romney exit widens establishment lane for bush - cnnpolitics.com <sec> bush cements role as establishment favorite .  christie has chance to compete for romney donors .  romney looks to new republican generatio .
 doctors : oscar pistorius is suicide risk , depressed <sec> oscar pistorius does not have signs associated with violence against partners , doctors find .  pistorius is accused of deliberately shooting his girlfriend , reeva steenkamp .  he says he shot steenkamp accidentally in his bathroom , mistaking her for an intrude .
 jury seated in o.j . simpson trial <sec> new : prosecutors revealed in court that no blacks were on the jury .  new : opening arguments are scheduled to begin monday .  four of simpson 's original co-defendants have struck deals to testify against him .  simpson faces robbery , kidnapping charge .
 what we 'll miss about 'chelsea lately ' <sec> `` chelsea lately 's '' last show is set for tuesday night .  host chelsea handler is moving to netflix .  `` chelsea lately 's '' distinctive bits included shower sketches and chuy brav .
 uruguay 's luis suarez despised , beloved <sec> new : luis suarez says , `` i just collided with his shoulder '' .  liverpool star was voted player of the year in england 's premier league .  but he 's also been suspended multiple times for biting , racist remarks .  an italian player accuses him of biting during a world cup matc .
 michigan solar car team wins 2,400-mile race <sec> university of michigan 's team finishes solar-car race in first place .  fifteen teams of students drove from texas to canada .  michigan takes 51 hours and 42 minutes on the road .  principia college and german solar car team finish 2nd and 3r .
 iran 's nuclear agency chief : no uranium export plan finalized <sec> iran 's atomic energy chief says no deal struck to export uranium for enrichment abroad .  this is a demand of western nations worried that iran plans to build nuclear weapons .  president mahmoud ahmadinejad says iran has `` no problem '' turning over uranium .  iran insists its nuclear program is intended solely for peaceful purpose .
 billy ray cyrus on his daughter : 'that 's still my miley ' <sec> billy ray cyrus sits down with cnn 's `` piers morgan live '' .  he speaks at length about his daughter 's appearance at mtv 's video music awards .  `` there 's no middle of the road for passion , '' he say .
 indian prime minister singh to step down after election due in may <sec> `` i will hand the baton over to a new prime minister , '' singh says .  he has been in office for the governing congress party since may 2004 .  the party suffered a bruising defeat in regional elections last month .  singh downplays accusations of corruption against his governmen .
 jonas brothers cancel tour amid 'deep rift ' <sec> band spokesman : `` there was a big a disagreement over their music direction '' .  the tour had been set to start in upper darby , pennsylvania , on friday .  the 19-show national tour was to conclude in seattle on november 6 .  the jonas brothers have sold 20 million units worldwide , according to their websit .
 feds blame mine operator for fatal collapse <sec> feds : violations by utah mine 's operator led to 2007 collapse that killed six .  bad design , improper mining led to crandall canyon collapse , feds say .  mine operator fined more than $ 1.5 millio .
 vermont 's misery continues as flooding isolates communities <sec> many parts of the state remain under flood advisories .  flood waters have cut off several communities in the state .  president barack obama signed a disaster declaration .  officials say three people have died as a result of the stor .
 emergency landing after part of plane flies off <sec> an engine cover flew off after takeoff .  the spirit airlines filght made an emergency landing .  it took off from and landed at chicago 's o'hare airport .  the flight was supposed to go to fort lauderdal .
 rafael nadal beats novak djokovic to win u.s. open <sec> rafael nadal wins second u.s. open title , 13th grand slam .  he won three of four sets , dropping only the second .  he has made triumphant return from knee injur .
 in breivik , troubling echoes of west 's view of islam <sec> tim stanley : at trial , breivik seems mad , but views on islam mirror some from politicians .  stanley : breivik says islam inferior to christianity and elite liberals push multiculturalism .  both false , he says , with islam varied , rich ; multiculturalism result of free-market economics .  stanley : breivik 's views seem a tragic symptom of western psychological angst about isla .
 guarding the u.s.-mexico border , live from suburban new york <sec> blueservo.net lets users watch live video from 15 cameras on texas-mexico border .  texas put $ 2 million into project to prevent crime and illegal immigration .  critics say cameras are ineffective ; only four arrests reported since november .  site user : `` it 's no different than watching 'everybody loves raymond ' reruns .
 china navy plots course to stock market <sec> china opens national defense industry to public market investors .  country 's biggest shipbuilder aims to raise $ 1.4 billion in shanghai ipo .  china has ramped up its blue-water navy in recent years .  beijing launched country 's first aircraft carrier in 201 .
 u.s. official : no timetable on mosul invasion <sec> u.s. official said in february that iraqi troops could go into mosul in april or may .  officials say now that there 's no timetable , an invasion could come sooner or later .  they note that recapturing mosul from isis could be a complicated endeavo .
 cherif kouachi had history of jihad , anti-semitism <sec> court documents stemming from 2005 arrest show cherif kouachi 's interest in jihad .  security forces kill kouachi and brother after standoff over paris terror attacks .  documents : kouachi wanted to travel to iraq via syria `` to go and combat the americans .
 florida woman sentenced to 20 years in controversial warning shot case <sec> a judge issues a 20-year sentence to woman who fired warning shot inside her house .  judge james daniel says he had no choice in the sentence .  marissa alexander says she fired the warning shot to fend off her abusive husband .  a congresswoman confronts prosecutor angela corey after the sentencin .
 stricter punishments for passengers behaving badly <sec> faa reports more than 900 cases of unruly behavior on planes over past five years .  last month , a man reportedly exposed himself to passenger on southwest airlines .  fbi officials say bad behavior less tolerated on flights after september 11 attacks .  unruly behavior can bring civil fines up to $ 25,000 or criminal charge .
 5 tips for throwing a record party <sec> record parties are a great way to get together with friends .  instead of an ipod , get better sound with a record player , available on ebay or craigslist .  records can be inexpensive : $ 1 gems are n't too rare to stumble upon .  bring snacks and a playlis .
 richard branson clears up led zeppelin rumors <sec> richard branson says reports of his financing a led zeppelin reunion are false .  the virgin chairman was said to have offered an $ 800 million contract for a reunion .  branson says that making up the story is disrespectful to the band members ' career .
 prince william goes back to work <sec> prince william , the duke of cambridge , has taken on a new role as an air ambulance pilot .  the duke previously worked as as a search and rescue pilot for the royal air force .  prince william is the first royal in direct line to the british throne to have taken a civilian job .  he will be based near his country home on the queen 's sandringham estat .
 little of charity 's money going to help animals <sec> spca international raised nearly $ 27 million to help animals worldwide , tax records show .  nearly all of that money was spent on fund-raising expenses , records show .  the charity also misrepresented its `` baghdad pups '' program .  it said the program resettled soldiers ' companion animals , but most were stray .
 why children in central african republic should matter <sec> mia farrow is a unicef goodwill ambassador ; she focuses on kids devastated by war .  she got the presidential medal of honor for her work in the central african republic .  nearly 700,000 people have been displaced by fighting there .  unicef is working on the ground , but it 's running short on fundin .
 'fifty shades ' : before hunnam and johnson , was there gosling ? <sec> many actors were rumored to be in consideration for `` fifty shades '' .  ryan gosling , garrett hedlund and shailene woodley were among them .  the two starring roles ended up going to dakota johnson and charlie hunnam .  some fans of the books have criticized the choice .
 alabama beats notre dame for bcs championship <sec> alabama scored on its first three drives .  tailbacks eddie lacy and t.j. yeldon both rush from more than 100 yards .  notre dame was ranked no.1 ; alabama was no . .
 environmentalists blast changes to endangered species rules <sec> bush administration changes regulations of endangered species act .  federal agencies wo n't need to seek scientists ' advice on projects impacting wildlife .  environmental groups say changes could leave wildlife more vulnerabl .
 white house and china set historic greenhouse emissions levels <sec> obama : we have a special responsibility to lead the effort against climate change .  as trade summit ends , president obama announces deal with china .  countries agree to cut carbon emissions by 2025 .  senior administration official calls goals both `` ambitious and achievable .
 halloween howlers : dressing up dogs <sec> ireporters shared images of beloved pets in costume for halloween .  here 's some inspiration to help you decide what might be a good look for your pooc .
 'sneakerheads ' pay big bucks for rare kicks <sec> big boi says he has 400 pairs , including crocodile-skin nikes he 's never worn .  shoe companies capitalizing on niche demand for rare , limited-edition sneakers .  sneakerology teacher : `` if they 've got money , they can buy coolness '' .  woman says boyfriend `` will not walk through grass . .  he will not walk through dirt .
 shane warne : the wrong 'un that came good <sec> australian cricketer had record breaking career as a spin bowler .  also well known for numerous off-field scandals ; became subject of a musical .  runs a charitable foundation and still plays the twenty/20 version of the gam .
 ebola quarantines : protection trumps liberty ( opinion ) <sec> danny cevallos : people tend to think of constitutional rights as unlimited .  in fact , he says , people can be deprived of their liberties if they may carry a contagious disease .  passengers on a jet at newark were quarantined until ebola was ruled out .  cevallos : rights of the individual can be subordinated to those of society as a whol .
 malaysia airlines flight 17 : where do we go from here ? <sec> experts : investigation should not include parties involved in ukraine conflict .  intelligence agencies likely to have assessments by friday .  u.s. will help in several areas , including diplomacy .  the fact that pro-russian separatists control the crash area will hamper the investigatio .
 'octomom ' gets probation , pays restitution for fraud <sec> suleman is known as `` octomom '' because she gave birth to 8 babies in one day .  she admitted not reporting nearly $ 30,000 earned as a topless dancer and adult film actress .  the income came from working as a topless dancer and adult film actres .
 jaycee dugard kidnap suspect used bondage , captivity in past <sec> trial transcripts show phillip garrido tried to kidnap woman before katie hall in 1976 .  garrido methodically prepared places to bring kidnapped hall .  kidnap suspect spoke in trial about his drug-fueled , uncontrollable sexual urges .  `` you are going with me , you have got no choice , '' hall recalls garrido sayin .
 milking the desert : how mega-dairies thrive in saudi sands <sec> saudi arabian dairy has become one of the biggest in the region .  almarai began as a small farm in 1970s with 300 cows .  situated in one of world 's most arid regions , indoor farms rely on 'california model ' .  critics point to high use of water and depletion of ancient underground water reserve .
 china 's mystery man faces struggle at home and abroad <sec> china preparing to bring in its next generation of leaders at its party congress .  mike chinoy : xi jinping is in many ways an unknown commodity .  modern chinese communist party is run by a small collective .  xi will face slowing economy , internal friction and regional dispute .
 skywest flight passenger : 'i thought we were done ' <sec> three passengers report a loss of consciousness on skywest flight .  but officials say there is no evidence of a pressurization proble .
 eu leaders warn u.s. spying scandal may hamper fight against terror <sec> hollande says france and germany want to set a code of conduct with united states .  germany 's angela merkel says the spying claims have `` severely shaken '' trust .  madrid summons u.s. ambassador over spying allegations .  merkel faces pressure on the matter back home , where her party is in coalition talk .
 how tv show could save women , babies , in ghana <sec> every year in ghana 4,000 women die and over 200,000 are disabled during pregnancy .  dr. kwesi owusu launched a television and radio campaign to highlight the issue .  maternal health channel radio show broadcasts in a range of ghanaian language .
 scarface in a fez ? classic films get an ottoman makeover <sec> as an art student , murat palta wondered what star wars would look like as ottoman art .  he decided to recreate several scenes from classic movies .  he is hoping to add more movies to the mix , including lord of the ring .
 undone by a twix : iowa man fired for using forklift to free candy <sec> robert mckevitt , 27 , was fired from polaris industries ' plant in milford .  a supervisor saw him lifting , then dropping a candy machine with a forklift -- repeatedly .  mckevitt : `` this issue was blown way out of proportion .
 latest u.s. military incident in japan : apparent game of ding-dong ditch <sec> new : the navy is investigating the arrest of a sailor assigned to an aircraft carrier .  residents of yokosuka , japan , called police complaining of doorbells being rung late at night .  police allegedly found the sailor on the property of a 72-year-old woman .  the sailor apparently violated a standing u.s. military curfew imposed in octobe .
 phil spector moved to california prison <sec> music producer was sentenced to 19 years to life in actress ' death .  he will be housed in corcoran prison 's `` sensitive-needs yard '' .  area is for inmates with safety concerns , like celebrities or ex-gang member .
 crowds mass in cairo 's tahrir square in protest of army <sec> thousands gathered in cairo in a mass demonstration against the country 's armed forces .  demonstrators demand that egypt 's ruling military cede power to a civilian government .  demonstrators are calling for presidential elections to be moved ahead to januar .
