 norway scores historic win at eurovision <sec> rybak wins with 387 points , the most in the contest 's 53-year history , organizers say .  more than 100 million people are estimated to watch the show .  swedish quartet abba won with `` waterloo '' in 1974 .  police arrest dozens of gay and lesbian rights activists planning rally during contes .
 obama set to nominate clinton for cabinet , sources say <sec> president-elect to name key members of security team , democratic officials say .  obama to keep robert gates as defense secretary , sources say .  retired gen. jim jones to be named national security advise .
 bush : missile shield no threat to russia <sec> new : bush : russia ca n't veto georgia 's , ukraine 's inclusion in nato 's map program .  european countries share doubts that system is designed to deter iran , north korea .  u.s. president says he will push for ukraine , georgia to join nato .  analyst says both issues threaten to destabilize nat .
 the real trouble begins after isaac is gone <sec> writers : isaac evacuations start ; officials have gotten good at getting people out .  but many evacuees ca n't afford the $ 300 a day it takes to live away from home , they say .  writers : officials have not resolved issues that keep people from returning quickly .  nonprofits , churches are low on funds ; government must do more to help recovery , they sa .
 james franco and seth rogen got 'naked and afraid ' <sec> the pair appeared on the discovery series `` naked and afraid '' .  rogen brought toilet paper with him into the wilderness and franco shades .  the bffs also joked about the sony hack on `` snl .
 former algerian president dies at 96 <sec> ahmed ben bella was president from 1962 to 1965 .  he died at his family home in algiers , state media say .
 kim kardashian 's divorce is finally final <sec> court clerk says the kardashian-humphries divorce became final monday .  kardashian is close to giving birth to a daughter , fathered by boyfriend kanye west . .  she filed for separation in october 2011 , beginning the bitter divorce battl .
 retro themes rule at london tattoo show <sec> sailing ships , anchors among favorite designs at international tattoo convention .  exotic east another popular theme on display in london .  trends illuminate tattoos ' long relationship with trave .
 blast strikes school in northwest pakistan <sec> blast targets boy 's high school in mingora , swat valley .  monday attack marks 183rd school destroyed in past six months of fighting .  hundreds of people killed in wave of violence across north west frontier provinc .
 vettel triumphs in australia gp <sec> reigning champion sebastian vettel wins season-opening australian gp .  the red bull driver finished ahead of lewis hamilton in second .  russian vitaly petrov came third in lotus renaul .
 why the muslim brotherhood ca n't back down <sec> gerges says there is a real danger of further polarization and escalation in egypt .  the interim authority has obtained de facto legitimation and recognition , he says .  he argues there will be no institutionalization of democracy without the brotherhoo .
 commentary : enough ivy league judges on top court <sec> timothy p. o'neill : no judge on supreme court now has legislative background .  he says none of the nine have held , or even run for , elective office .  o'neill : all but one attended harvard or yale law school .  he says court would perform better if its membership had broader background .
 iranians pay 'dear price ' for defiance <sec> iran 's defiance of the west in pursuit of nuclear development puts it into economic isolation .  the value of the iranian real has plummeted 80 % as sanctions target the country 's central bank .  bread prices went up five-fold as the cost of imports soared with a weakened currenc .
 u.s. banks 'missing a trick ' with muslim customers <sec> britain leads the western world in terms of sharia-compliant banking .  major banks such as hsbc and lloyds tsb offer islamic banking .  in the u.s. only regional banks like offer sharia-compliant product .
 jumbo ambulance saves elephants <sec> elephant nature park is a sanctuary and rescue center for elephants in northern thailand .  the foundation also runs an emergency field clinic for elephants in remote villages .  many of thailand 's elephants work in the tourism industry .  the park educates people on how to care for the mamma .
 south africa marks worst year in rhino poaching ; demand for horn soars <sec> poachers killed more than 1,000 rhinos for their horns last year in south africa .  numbers released as u.s. man faces death threats over permit to kill rhino .  in asia , some believe the horn can cure diseases , fueling rhinos ' slaughter .  a kilogram fetches about $ 20,000 , experts sa .
 grace holds off late elson challenge to win joburg open <sec> branden grace cards a final-round par 72 to win joburg open by one stroke .  south african finishes on 18 under par to claim his first european tour win .  england 's jamie elson fires a nine-under-par 63 to finish in second plac .
 new iphone now selling for just $ 45 <sec> retailers have already slashed the price of the iphone 5c .  the 5c is the less expensive of two new iphones .  new deals target the holiday sales seaso .
 haitian flooding kills 23 , at least 6 missing <sec> u.n. report : floodwaters swept through homes , tent cities and medical facilities .  dozens of camps are flooded , hundreds of families are affected , the u.n. report says .  heavy rains have created a fertile breeding ground for cholera-causing bacteri .
 sepsis can strike , kill shockingly fast <sec> brazilian model mariana bridi da costa , 20 , died after sepsis infection spread .  sepsis starts as infection in one part of body , then rages out of control .  fever , big shift in blood pressure , rapid breathing , mental confusion are red flag .
 n. korea : u.s. , s. korea sending spy planes <sec> north korea claims it detected about 200 spy plane missions near it .  claim comes ahead of north korea 's launch of a rocket scheduled for early april .  pyongyang warned that spy planes are within the range of its strikes .  u.s. has little doubt rocket launch is designed to bolster n. korea 's military capabilit .
 dangling on the edge : life of a daredevil photographer <sec> sailing photographer kos evans pioneers innovative masthead genre .  climbs 10 meter masts in pursuit of breathtaking photographs .  also took stunning underwater shots of massive racing yachts .  new book chronicles influential 30 year career , including some close call .
 celeb stylist : embrace your 'true colors ' this season <sec> david zyla writes in `` the color of style '' that individuals have `` true colors '' that suit them .  this spring , he recommends draped skirts , baroque patterns and shades of white .  he 's excited by designers tracy reese , jay godfrey and nanette lepor .
 stray running shoe is lone clue in disappearance of montana teacher <sec> sherry arnold , 43 , went for a run on saturday and has n't been seen since .  authorities found a lone shoe on her route but have n't disclosed anything else .  the fbi says it has scaled back its search , even as it pleads for more information .  arnold 's husband says he trusts the fbi , adding simply , `` we want her back .
 kellogg warns not to eat its peanut butter crackers <sec> some types of austin- and keebler-branded sandwich crackers affected .  one of its peanut butter suppliers has been linked to outbreak of salmonella .  kellogg says warning is strictly precautionary ; no incidents of illness reported .  outbreak of salmonella poisoning has affected at least 434 people in 43 state .
 more aid arrives for those fleeing kyrgyzstan <sec> red cross : scope of humanitarian crisis 'immense ' .  unhcr spokesman : kyrgyz govt . .  says not a spontaneous interethnic clash , but provoked .  un refugee agency airlifted aid to uzbekistan wednesday morning .  death toll at 179 , kyrgyz news agency reports ; red cross estimate is highe .
 al jazeera demands release of journalists still held by egypt <sec> four al jazeera journalists were arrested , the network said .  al jazeera calls the arrests `` arbitrary , '' slams `` harassment '' of network .  the egyptian government says at least one journalist met with muslim brotherhood members .  the government recently declared the muslim brotherhood a terrorist organizatio .
 10 things to know before visiting pyongyang <sec> north koreans are enthusiastic beer drinkers .  north koreans have a huge crush on heels and kimchi .  if you are traveling in north korea , korean won would be the last currency you can se .
 mandy moore engaged to ryan adams <sec> singer-actress mandy moore engaged to rocker ryan adams .  moore has had top 10 music success , better known for movie roles .  adams a prolific singer-songwriter as soloist and with whiskeytown , cardinal .
 report : apple to start shipping next iphone in september <sec> reuters reports that apple 's suppliers will begin production in july .  details are scarce on the features of the next generation device .  apple has been monolithically silent about the matter , as alway .
 ray rice 's wife , janay , slams his punishment <sec> ray rice texts cnn : 'i 'm just holding strong for my wife and kid ' .  an instagram post from janay rice blames media and defends `` man i love '' .  video emerged showing nfl star rice punching her out and dragging her from elevator .  after the video was released , he was suspended indefinitely by the nf .
 former football star junior seau 's family sues nfl , riddell helmets <sec> seau became forgetful , depressed , self-destructive , prone to drinking and gambling .  helmet maker riddell is confident of `` ability to successfully defend our products '' .  junior seau 's family alleges his suicide was the result of a brain disease .  disease came from violent hits he sustained as a nfl linebacker , suit state .
 u.s. robots aid japanese relief efforts <sec> u.s. company irobot has donated four ground-based robots to help with recovery efforts .  the packbot is an agile , battle-tested unit used for bomb dispersal .  the warrior is a larger , heavy-load bearing , 347-pound robo .
 examiner : alleged bulger extortion victim died of cyanide poisoning <sec> stephen rakes was a regular visitor to the trial of mob boss james `` whitey '' bulger .  rakes ' business associate , william camuti , has been charged in his death .  with cyanide report , middlesex district attorney 's office plans additional charges .  trooper : camuti confessed to slipping poison into rakes ' coffee at a mcdonald ' .
 apple moves to share cost burden in china <sec> ceo tim cook toured chinese factories that make apple products .  visit coincided with release of report that found numerous working violations .  intended to soothe criticism of apple profiting from low-paid workers in poor condition .
 federal officials expand efforts as cantaloupe warnings continue <sec> listeria can take three weeks or longer to make a person sick .  tainted cantaloupes are linked to 13 deaths ; 72 illnesses have been reported in 18 states .  it is the deadliest u.s. outbreak of a food-borne illness in more than a decad .
 monster snowstorm expected to slam into the northeast <sec> weather service issues storm warnings from new jersey to the canadian border .  massachusetts officials say storm could be deadly and warn against travel .  around new york city area , 20 to 30 inches snow expecte .
 salvation army major shot dead in arkansas on christmas eve <sec> maj. philip wise , 40 , is gunned down in front of his three children .  police : two men carrying handguns approach dad , kids and demanded money .  coroner : `` my heart goes out for the family '' .  shooting happens christmas eve in north little rock , arkansa .
 two french journalists abducted , slain in mali <sec> new : the journalists were abducted after interviewing a rebel , rfi reports .  french president francois hollande calls the killings `` despicable '' .  the french foreign ministry confirms the deaths .  the journalists worked for radio france internationa .
 arizona shooting survivor in custody after allegedly making threat <sec> the target of the threat says that it came amid a discussion on gun control .  james eric fuller is in a county medical services unit , a sheriff 's department spokesman says .  fuller made threats at a town hall event being taped for a tv program , the department says .  fuller was shot at last weekend 's massacre in tucso .
 why moms are at risk for internet addiction <sec> addiction expert : many moms are addicted to blogs , message boards , second life .  they often seek self-expression and escape from their daily lives .  some feel the internet improves their productivity .  if you think you 're hooked , try keeping a journal to log how much and why go onlin .
 stevens ' senate career hurt by 'bridge to nowhere ' <sec> ted stevens of alaska is the oldest serving gop u.s. senator .  he drew criticism over his proposed 'bridge to nowhere ' legislation .  stevens ' career in public service spans more than six decades .  he served in the army air corps during world war i .
 real madrid 's gareth bale hopes to avoid curse of britons abroad <sec> gareth bale faces pressure to live up to $ 134 million price tag at real madrid .  language barrier has often hindered british footballers abroad .  bale advised to immerse himself in spanish culture .  but welshman can expect life in a goldfish bowl at rea .
 review : 'real steel ' a fight film for fathers and sons <sec> `` real steel '' stars hugh jackman as a struggling boxing promoter .  the film is set in the future during a time when robots can box .  reviewer says the movie is a `` technical knockout .
 rubin 'hurricane ' carter , boxer wrongly convicted of murder , dies <sec> denzel washington : god bless rubin carter and his tireless fight .  carter wrote in a 2011 book that he was guilty of other crimes but not murder .  a federal judge said carter and another man failed to receive fair trials .  carter lived in toronto after he was freed from priso .
 iraqi troops ready to secure major cities , top u.s. general says <sec> gen. ray odierno sees `` constant improvement '' in security , governance in iraq .  iran continues to `` interfere '' in iraq , odierno says .  iranian government repeatedly denies instigating violence inside ira .
 hayao miyazaki : the world 's greatest animator <sec> hayao mizayaki created studio ghibli with business partner in 1985 .  director and animator created international hits like `` ponyo '' and `` spirited away '' .  miyazaki is one of the last of his kind , relying almost totally on drawing by han .
 ahmadinejad : there 's no rift with supreme leader <sec> iran president mahmoud ahmadinejad denies rift with supreme leader .  ahmadinejad says opponents are `` ignorant '' about their relationship .  he is scheduled to be inaugurated wednesday before the nation 's parliamen .
 many conservatives enraged over obama school speech <sec> national pta president calls uproar over president obama 's speech sad .  conservatives object to obama 's speech to schoolchildren , say it 's propaganda .  educators find themselves at center of debate over next week 's address .  white house says speech will urge students to study hard and stay in schoo .
 dozens dead in pakistan mosque attack <sec> armed militants attack mosque during midday prayers in rawalpindi , killing dozens .  mosque is frequented by retired and serving military officials .  november 2 attack in rawalpindi saw suicide bomber target a ban .
 how to take a holistic approach to your pet 's arthritis <sec> extra pounds add pressure to joints so keep pets active and monitor their weight .  prolotherapy involves regular injections to stimulate cell growth and strengthen joint tissue .  holistic options can be costly , but most doctors will customize treatment plans to fit your budge .
 washington and russia agree to swap intelligence gatherers <sec> new : holder : none passed classified info .  new : emmanuel : `` caught in the business of spying '' .  expulsion of 10 suspected spies is to occur quickly , federal officials say .  the suspects on thursday plead guilty to failing to register as foreign agent .
 a college football playoff system ? forget it <sec> a playoff system for college football would be a big mistake , says terence moore .  for one thing , student-athletes would have even less time for studying , he says .  moore : where would you play the games ? .  and how would participants be chosen ? .  home attendance in the playoffs for teams at lower levels is frequently low , moore say .
 the key to liberating egyptians ? the economy <sec> egypt 's economy is badly suffering after a year and a half of unrest .  it 's now up to mohamed morsi and the new government to turn things around .  obstacles include widespread corruption , growing national defici .
 violence in western chinese region of xinjiang kills 21 <sec> new : the uyghur american association questions the chinese version of events .  the clashes took place tuesday in the restive region of xinjiang , authorities say .  officials were taken hostage by `` suspicious persons '' they found in a house .  ethnically-divided xinjiang has suffered regular bouts of unres .
 case of n.y. cop accused of cannibalism plot goes to jury <sec> jurors get case of gilberto valle , charged with conspiracy to kidnap in cannibalism plot .  the new york city officer 's e-mails outlined real plans , government contends .  valle 's e-mails were `` dark improv theater , '' his defense attorney argue .
 suspected terror attack in jerusalem : 1 dead <sec> incident occurred wednesday night near hebrew university in jerusalem , police say .  one victim , a 26-year-old man , has died ; a 20-year-old woman is in serious condition .  the suspect is a 37-year-old arab from east jerusalem , israeli police sa .
 statue of liberty evacuated after bomb threat <sec> statue of liberty to reopen saturday .  locker thought to have a suspicious package was empty , police say .  statue of liberty evacuated after bomb threat , officials say .  the evacuation came after a phoned threat , sources sa .
 karzai 's choice for afghan intelligence chief suspected of torture , trafficking <sec> asadullah khalid is accused of drug trafficking and torture .  president karzai has nominated him to lead national directorate of security .  canadian official says khalid a torturer ; other sources say that 's not correc .
 5 things to watch for at 2013 's biggest mobile-tech show <sec> mobile world congress ( mwc ) is the year 's biggest trade show for the mobile industry .  most companies use it as the platform to set out their agenda for the year .  there is a brutal war going on for new smartphone and tablet customers .  jenkins : major hardware players must have a good mwc or risk irrelevanc .
 south sudan says it is withdrawing from disputed oil region <sec> new : sudan 's government says the south sudan forces were chased out .  south sudan says it will complete its withdrawal in three days .  south sudan 's capture of an oil-rich region escalated fears of a return to war with sudan .  sudan claims heglig 's oil fields , which account for about half of the nation 's oil productio .
 9 dead in france avalanche , police say <sec> four climbers thought to be missing are found alive and well , police say .  police : three of the dead are british , three german , two spanish and one swiss .  28 climbers were caught by falling snow high in the mont blanc range , police say .  french climbers were also involved in the acciden .
 how one ceo bends the rules to get the most out of millennials <sec> `` life first , work second '' for many millennials in work force .  their likes and dislikes are changing the way america works .  managing millennials requires checked egos , thick ski .
 inviting colbert to testify was the real joke <sec> rep. jason chaffetz that inviting comedian to testify was a distraction .  pelosi 's claim that colbert would draw attention to issue shows she does n't get it , he says .  he says democratic-controlled congress has done nothing to solve immigration issue .  chaffetz : voters living with consequences of inaction ; they deserve leadership , not comed .
