 scores of tulsa dental patients tested for hepatitis , hiv exposure <sec> new : 420 people are tested for hepatitis b , hepatitis c and hiv , health department says .  scores of w. scott harrington 's patients undergo tests at a tulsa government building .  7,000 patients of his patients were warned that they might have been exposed .  an investigation found unsanitary conditions and `` cross-contamination '' issue .
 brazil unveils $ 66bn stimulus plan <sec> brazil 's president dilma rousseff has launched a r $ 133bn ( $ 65.6bn ) stimulus package .  aims to spur investment in the country 's creaking infrastructure and shore up investor confidenc .
 katrina breach sites nominated for national register of historic places <sec> the two nominated sites caused most of the flooding in new orleans .  many state and local officials support the initiative to have the sites recognized .  the national register of historic places recognize places worthy of preservatio .
 huntsman : opportunity and risk in north korea transition <sec> jon huntsman : death of kim jong il could lead to more instability .  he says u.s. must work closely with china , japan , russia to stay on top of events .  n. korean missiles that could reach u.s. territory need to be closely watched , he says .  huntsman says centenary of kim il sung 's birth may give rise to provocative action .
 flood misery as surging elbe breaches defenses in germany <sec> new : the crest on the river elbe is moving northwest through germany , now near wittenberg .  soldiers drop huge sandbags from helicopters after two dikes are breached .  flood preparations are made in serbia as the danube river rises .  flooding has affected swaths of central europe in the past 10 day .
 champion lorenzo cuts pedrosa 's motogp lead <sec> jorge lorenzo closes to within seven points of motogp leader dani pedrosa .  spaniards dominate at montmelo , with marc marquez finishing third .  world champion lorenzo becomes first rider to win three races this season .  his yamaha teammate valentino rossi finishes fourth in hot condition .
 colombians debate third term for president <sec> 5 million colombians signed petitions seeking constitutional referendum .  some say others deserve chance to run for president .  supporters speak of giving alvaro uribe a chance to continue `` vision .
 'unsafe ' indonesian airline grounded <sec> accident-plagued low-cost carrier adam air will no longer be allowed to fly .  indonesian government will revoke airline 's license on wednesday .  the airline `` failed to implement quality standards for its aircraft '' .  it has had more than one major accident in last year , one killing 102 people on boar .
 trial of alleged tucson shooter could be moved out of arizona <sec> new : the justice department will oppose a change of venue , a spokeswoman says .  the defense is likely to ask for venue change soon , federal judicial sources say .  the decision rests with judge who replaced slain federal judge .  san diego is considered because judge assigned to case resides there , sources sa .
 flight 1549 's missing engine pulled from hudson river <sec> missing engine recovered from hudson , hauled to new jersey riverbank .  video shows at least two passengers jump off plane 's wings into chilly hudson river .  single feather and evidence of `` soft-body impact damage '' found on plane .  us airways flight crash-landed in river after reportedly hitting flock of bird .
 california fires could burn for days , official says <sec> new : search of mobile home park ends ; no one found dead .  more than 900 homes , structures destroyed by three fires .  single-digit humidity , wind gusts pose problems for firefighters .  santa barbara county fire has human cause , officials sa .
 quick read : key points of the new debt deal <sec> current spending levels are authorized through january 15 .  we run out of money again on february 7 .  income verification will be needed for affordable care act subsidies .  furloughed works will get back pa .
 'a ray of hope ' where girls did n't count <sec> razia jan was named one of the top 10 cnn heroes of 2012 .  she founded a school in rural afghanistan to teach young girls for free .  in the country , there has been a cycle of violence against girls and women .  who should be the cnn hero of the year ? .  cast your vote now .
 lawn bowls champion lawson banned for match-fixing <sec> two-time world lawn bowls champion gary lawson banned from top-level competition .  lawson also fined after being found guilty of match-fixing at tournament last year .  his new zealand fours team was accused of deliberately losing to thailand .  canada complained that kiwis had done so to earn a more favorable quarterfinal dra .
 serena williams smashes her way into u.s. open semifinals <sec> serena williams beats carla suarez navarro 6-0 6-0 at the u.s. open .  williams will play fifth seed li na in the semifinals at flushing meadows .  world no . .  1 novak djokovic cruises past marcel granollers to reach quarterfinals .  2012 champion andy murray into the last eight after beating denis istomi .
 child bride 's nightmare after divorce <sec> child who got divorce in yemen struggling to be a child again .  nujood ali escaped her parents and husband to plead in court for a divorce .  her plight raised issue of child brides but has not given her a happy ending .  ali skips school and is angry ; lawyer says her family is now victimizing he .
 fatal police shooting in missouri sparks protests <sec> police are in riot gear ; there are no immediate reports of injuries .  a gas station is looted and additional units are called out , spokesman says .  police chief says michael brown assaulted an officer before he was shot to death .  witnesses decry the killing as unprovoked , saying the teen was unarme .
 the classroom behind microsoft 's super bowl ad <sec> california teacher scott bedley 's class was featured in microsoft 's super bowl ad .  bedley teaches fifth-grade history , writing and science at plaza vista school .  the class uses mystery skype for geography lessons and other technology .  bedley : `` i really , honestly believe we 're in a time that 's going to redefine education .
 nemtsov daughter : putin shares some blame <sec> zhanna nemtsova says she has no faith in the russian investigation .  her father 's killing will serve only to deter other opposition voices , she says .  nemtsov was gunned down near the kremlin last wee .
 opinion : we need the full truth from chris christie <sec> sally kohn says chris christie needs to go further in commenting on bridge scandal .  she says he needs to explain why he did n't respond to the controversy for weeks .  kohn : christie also under fire for handling of sandy relief funds .  she notes that christie 's ratings among new jerseyans are declinin .
 michigan attorney refutes police claims in girl 's shooting <sec> attorney geoffrey fieger refutes medical examiner 's findings in girl 's death .  fieger charges a police cover-up in the incident .  aiyana jones , 7 , died in may 16 police raid .  state police investigation is ongoin .
 blatter vows to restore fifa 's credibility <sec> sepp blatter admits that fifa 's reputation has been tainted by recent scandals .  president says fifa 's financial wealth has brought in `` a lot of devils '' .  but he rules out blanket life bans for any fifa members guilty of corruption .  henry kissinger and placido domingo to form part of new `` solutions committee .
 police question man in virginia girl 's abduction , death of her mom <sec> virginia police meet with jeffrey easley and the girl he allegedly abducted .  they also went to the san francisco supermarket where the two were found .  the girl and suspect were soliciting money outside the california store friday .  easley is a `` very good suspect '' in the death of tina smith , the girl 's mother , police sa .
 ladies , pick your own prince ! <sec> commoner kate middleton is engaged to britain 's prince william .  but you can pick your own prince , or several if you have many needs .  prince of the kitchen could be emeril lagasse or jamie oliver .  castle fixers could be mike holmes or ahmed hassa .
 twitter more robust than it may seem <sec> five years after its inception , twitter 's status seems in flux -- but it 's actually doing just fine .  quantcast : there has been a 50 % jump in twitter usage in the past five months .  no other service gives the impression of immersing you in a global conversatio .
 seeking the truth about jesus <sec> jay parini : there are as many visions of jesus , and versions , as there are christians .  parini : as a child , i wondered why only two of the gospels mention christmas .  he says he believes firmly that jesus was a real person , complex and inspiring .  parini : jesus 's life has mythical resonance with the power to change hearts and mind .
 drug violence spins mexico toward 'civil war ' <sec> drug-related conflicts bring waves of violence , death that some liken to a civil war .  u.s. helps fuel violence with market for illegal drugs , weapons supply for drug gangs .  `` the drug gangs are better equipped than the army , '' expert says .  pervasive corruption among public officials also at center of drug cartels ' succes .
 charred bodies , nanny 's scars left behind by fleeing gadhafis <sec> new : witness says 150 prisoners were killed by retreating gadhafi troops .  new : lockerbie bomber found comatose and dying , his family says .  new : a badly scarred nanny says she was tortured by gadhafi 's daughter-in-law .  rebels have given gadhafi forces in sirte until monday to disarm , rebel official say .
 robotic suit helps paralyzed walk <sec> robotic suit developed in israel helps paraplegics walk again .  device gives paralyzed people alternative to using a wheelchair .  invention currently in clinical trials and could be on the market by 201 .
 petacchi sprints to second stage win as cavendish falters <sec> alessandro petacchi claims victory on stage four of the tour de france in sprint finish .  the 36-year-old italian closes on points leader after second stage win of 2010 .  he heads off new zealander julian dean as sprint rival mark cavendish ends in 12th .  fabian cancellara retains overall leader 's jersey as he finishes in the 163-strong peloto .
 del potro demolishes tomic to take sydney international title <sec> argentine thrashes his aussie oppenent tomic in final of sydney international event .  del potro starts australian open bid with 1st round match against rhyne williams from u.s . .  tomic will face world no . .  1 rafael nadal in melbourne opener .  american john isner wins australian open warm-up event in aucklan .
 commentary : bush ca n't see failure of katrina response <sec> campbell brown : bush defended many decisions at monday news conference .  brown : bush disconnected from what really happened with hurricane katrina .  brown : people will disagree over aspects of the bush legacy , but not katrina .  brown : katrina response was catastrophe that america watched on t .
 afghan girl tells court she hid behind father as he was shot <sec> a 7-year-old girl describes hiding behind her father as he is shot and killed .  the defense attorney raises discrepancies in the testimony of investigators .  army staff sgt . .  robert bales is accused of killing 16 afghan villager .
 moral courage needed on immigration <sec> as congress voted on health care , tens of thousands marched for immigration reform .  ruben navarrette says democrats showed moral courage in health care bill push .  he says immigration is a cause that ca n't wait .  he says system is broken and congress should act now , not wait for better econom .
 missing georgia woman found dead <sec> new : toxicology reports will provide important info , private investigator says .  stacey nicole english was reported missing after christmas .  investigators used dental records to identify her body .  the medical examiner 's office says it has not determined a cause of deat .
 indonesian judge in hot water for suggesting rape victims enjoy it <sec> daming sanusi says that in rape cases `` both the rapist and the victim enjoy it '' .  his remarks prompt outrage and appear to derail his supreme court bid .  he apologizes and says he was trying to make a joke .  his comments come after controversial comments on rape in the united state .
 amid turmoil , iran 's supreme leader picks new judiciary chief <sec> iran 's supreme leader picks brother of parliamentary speaker to head judiciary .  sadeq larijani replaces the outgoing hashemi shahroudi , a vocal hardliner .  media reports : more than two dozen detainees were to be tried sunday .  leadership denies claims that arrested dissidents have been raped in custod .
 'we are with you . ' london marathon to observe silence , black ribbons <sec> six days after boston marathon bombings , thousands of runners will compete in london .  special event marked by 30 second silence , black solidarity ribbons .  stepped-up security with increased searches and police on streets .  olympics 2012 good training ground for staging international sporting event .
 freak windstorm blasts turkey 's largest city <sec> the storm wreaks havoc on a james bond film set .  roofs are ripped off and trees are felled .  the lodos is a strong southwesterly win .
 let 's ruin my perfectly good vacation ! <sec> jarrett bellini offers readers opportunity to decide where he 's going on vacation .  readers can choose either argentina , greece , south africa or turkey .  bellini will blog on cnn.com and appear on cnn.com live from the country .  bellini says he has the `` travel bug '' for international vacation .
 suspect in slayings of mother and son makes fbi 's ten most wanted <sec> the fbi is offering a $ 100,000 reward in the case of juan elias garcia .  he 's accused of killing a 19-year-old woman and her 2-year-old son .  a soured romance and gang rivalries are involved , the fbi says .  garcia is believed to be in hiding in el salvado .
 american fugitive living in cuba offers to return <sec> william potts hijacked a plane to havana in 1984 .  he was surprised to face trial and be sentenced to 15 years in cuban prison .  his daughters are now living in u.s. , but potts continues to fight to join them .  potts says he realizes that violence is not the way to bring about chang .
 croatia looks to oil and gas fields in adriatic sea <sec> eurostat : in 2012 , croatia 's economy contracted by 2 % and is expected to contract by 1 % this year .  croatia -- a small country of 4.3 million people -- is also battling against chronic unemployment .  one major obstacle to foreign investment is croatia 's problems with endemic corruptio .
 sugru : a gripping tale of struggle and success <sec> sugru is a self-setting rubber material which sticks tight to almost any surface .  irish inventor tells cnn about how she created the versatile product and its worldwide success .  silicone-based product molds like putty but remains extremely strong and supple .  sugru hacks regularly posted on twitter and youtube by satisfied customer .
 jurors hear self-help author 's preview of sweat lodge ceremony <sec> new : jurors hear recording of ray previewing the sweat lodge ceremony .  a participant says james ray never prevented anyone from leaving the lodge .  a physician testifies about participating in the 2009 ceremony .  ray is charged with three counts of reckless manslaughte .
 two women admit to peru drug smuggling charges <sec> attorney for michaella mccollum say she accepted drug trafficking charges in peru .  sentencing for mccollum and another woman set for next week .  fellow defendant melissa reid also pleaded guilty , court says .  the two women arrested as they tried to board a flight carrying 25 pounds of cocain .
 nigella lawson 's husband announces divorce via newspaper <sec> husband announces divorce from celebrity chef via press release .  saatchi says lawson is n't speaking to him .  photographs of saatchi with his hands around her neck drew concern mid-june .  lawson and her children moved out of their family home and has n't spoken to him sinc .
 top 10 : africa 's 'cities of opportunity ' <sec> new pwc report has sought out the best cities for investors in africa .  north african capitals dominate , but there are signs that sub-saharan cities will come into their own in the near futur .
 verdict in bo xilai appeal due this week <sec> shandong province high people 's court to deliver results of appeal in bo xilai case .  under chinese law , appellate judges can decide non-capital cases behind closed doors .  during the trial , bo , 64 , denied the charges and strongly challenged the case against him .  bo was sentenced to life for bribe-taking , 15 years for embezzlement and seven years for abuse of powe .
 coast guard hunts drug-running semi-subs <sec> small boats can travel almost completely submerged , coast guard says .  semi-subs carry narcotics from colombia to u.s . .  million-dollar vessels built in jungle , sometimes assembled elsewhere .  they 've been around awhile , but now more sophisticated , carry more carg .
 source : firm to take over blackwater/xe 's iraq contract <sec> triple canopy awarded contract , state department source tells cnn .  blackwater recently changed name to xe ; its iraq security contract expiring .  iraqi government protested september 2007 shooting incident involving blackwater .  virginia-based triple canopy wo n't be operating in iraq until may 7 , source say .
 egypt 's morsy to stand trial on terror charges , state-run media says <sec> morsy , 35 others to stand trial , al-ahram reports .  charges include conspiring with foreign organizations in order `` to commit terrorist acts , '' report says .  co-defendants include muslim brotherhood officials , former presidential advisers .  morsy in custody since being pushed out in jul .
 thanksgiving by the numbers <sec> how many pounds of turkey will you cook this thanksgiving ? .  it took 36 years to make thanksgiving a national holiday .  about 69 % of thanksgiving day fires are caused by cookin .
 advances in fighting oil leak could come this weekend <sec> new : allen and chu approve bp plan to switch caps .  new : switch will take 7 to 10 days during which oil will flow unimpeded .  oil spill commission hires 2 new experts .  work on replacing the cap is to begin saturda .
 violence flares as israelis , palestinians trade fire <sec> an anti-tank missile was fired at an israel defense force patrol , wounding four soldiers , the idf says .  the idf targeted sites in the gaza strip in retaliation .  five palestinians are killed , including a militant , palestinian medics sa .
 cnn exclusive : inside syrian town living under al qaeda reign of fear <sec> raqqa , one of syria 's most liberal cities , has been seized by al qaeda-backed militants .  fear has gripped the town as militants have imposed hardline islamic laws in recent months .  women 's rights have been curtailed and many activists and locals have fled the town .  activist : `` it 's like afghanistan . .  now people call raqqa tora bora . .
 brilliant russia beat dutch in extra time <sec> russia beat netherlands 3-1 after extra time in euro 2008 quarterfinal .  dmitri torbinski and andrei arshavin score winning goals in added time .  roman pavlyuchenko put russia ahead with ruud van nistelrooy equalizing .  guus hiddink 's men will play either italy or spain in the semifinal .
 red bull heir charged in thai police officer 's death <sec> vorayud yoovidhaya , 27 , is a prominent member of one of thailand 's richest families .  police sgt . .  major wichien klanprasert was responding to a robbery when his bike was hit .  yoovidhaya claimed he was suddenly cut off by the police motorcycle , police say .  yoovidhaya 's grandfather teamed with an austrian businessman to create red bul .
 what 's the advantage to telecommuting ? <sec> an estimated 10 percent of today 's workforce telecommutes from home .  2 million american businesses support some kind of telecommuting program .  survey : 36 percent would choose telecommuting over a pay rais .
 ukraine unrest will end by force or talks in 48 hours , minister says <sec> kerry and lavrov discuss the situation in eastern ukraine in two phone conversations .  u.s. ambassador tweets pictures he says show russian buildup .  `` we are always vigilant , '' defense secretary chuck hagel says of russia 's moves .  ukraine 's acting interior minister says unrest in eastern region will be resolved in 48 hour .
 nadal targets australian open return <sec> rafael nadal has targeted a return from injury at january 's australian open .  the 11-time grand slam winner has been out of action since july .  the spaniard has not ruled out playing for his country in next month 's davis cup final .  nadal is currently fourth in the world ranking .
 president francois hollande meets with pope francis on rome visit <sec> president francois hollande meets with pope francis at the vatican .  the french president 's visit to rome comes amid turmoil in his private life .  hours before his visit , a small bomb exploded near buildings with links to france .  hollande and valerie trierweiler are working to clarify their relationship , le figaro say .
 suspect in girl 's slaying worked at apartment complex <sec> new : the suspect 's brother tells wxia that his arrest is a `` big mistake '' .  `` he 's an animal . .  he killed my little angel , '' the 7-year-old 's mother says .  a neighbor says she shouted at suspect ryan brunn as investigators arrested him .  the 20-year-old was a maintenance worker at the apartments , authorities sa .
 mississippi 's michelle byrom wo n't be executed thursday <sec> new : state 's high court denies motion to set execution date for 57-year-old .  state supreme court continues to review michelle byrom 's post-conviction motion .  michelle byrom was convicted of masterminding her husband 's 1999 murder .  son has admitted to crime in letters and to psychologist , but not when put on stan .
