 libya airport seized in fight between militias <sec> rival militias have been fighting for weeks in and around tripoli 's airport .  an alliance of militias claims that it has taken the airport from a rival militia .  militias are increasingly powerful , outgunning the central governmen .
 clinic : vocal-cord biopsy did not kill joan rivers ; doctors were qualified , equipped <sec> clinic : `` a biopsy of the vocal cords has never been performed at yorkville endoscopy '' .  federal privacy laws limit what medical providers can make public about patients .  the clinic has state-of-the-art equipment and well-qualified doctors , nurses , clinic says .  joan rivers died a week after suffering cardiac arrest at the manhattan clini .
 sochi 2014 : another hockey gold for canada but hosts top medal table <sec> canada wins gold for the second straight time in olympic men 's hockey .  carey price makes 24 saves in the 3-0 shutout victory over sweden .  russia sweeps the medals in cross country 's 50-kilometer race .  russia tops both the medal and gold medal standings in soch .
 timeline : foreign journalists under pressure in china <sec> foreign journalists working in china have faced a number of `` negative trends '' in past year .  some reporters experienced unexplained delays renewing press cards and visas . .  visa delays follow a series of high-profile reports on finances of chinese leadership .
 aaa 's newest five diamond resorts <sec> eight hotels have been added to the aaa 's five diamond list .  less than one percent of the reviewed properties get five diamond statu .
 singer john mayer cancels concerts due to ailment <sec> john mayer says he has a granuloma next to his vocal cords .  granuloma is a small area of tissue inflammation .  mayer 's soon-to-be-released album `` born and raised '' will be delaye .
 chinese quench their thirst for french vineyards <sec> chinese investment flowing into france 's vineyards , sparking backlash .  many chinese want wines to match their tastes and those of their fellow citizens .  chinese seek to invest in french vineyards for the reputation .  selloffs have also caused discontent among local grower .
 mexican president : capturing 'el chapo ' shows security strategy works <sec> president : sinaloa cartel boss was among `` world 's most wanted criminals '' .  `` it is possible to achieve a peaceful mexico , '' peña nieto says .  catching `` el chapo '' guzman shows mexico 's security strategy works , he say .
 trott wins icc cricketer of year award <sec> england cricketers rewarded after dominating in the past 12 months .  batsman jonathan trott named top overall player by ruling body the icc .  alastair cook is chosen as the best player in the five-day test format .  sri lanka 's kumar sangakkara wins two awards , in one-day and public vote categorie .
 6.5 earthquake strikes off california coast <sec> new : one person treated for broken hip , no reports of serious injuries or damage .  about 28,000 customers , most in humboldt county , left without power .  `` we are sitting in a sea of booze '' hotel owner in ferndale says after the quake .  quake hit at 4:27 p.m. ( 7:27 p.m . .  et ) offshore saturday about 25 miles from eurek .
 greenpeace : activists preventing drill ship 's launch well-supplied <sec> activists have enough fuel and supplies to last several weeks , greenpeace says .  two people occupy `` survival pod '' attached to ship 's anchor , preventing departure .  group hopes to pressure chevron , eu to support north sea drilling moratoriu .
 nasa move could transform space exploration ( opinion ) <sec> scott hubbard says recent moves by nasa will allow it to focus on deep space .  hubbard : space x , boeing contracts are secret weapons in space race with china .  new arrangement will let `` loose the creativity of american know-how , '' he say .
 ncaa reopens unc 'paper class ' investigation <sec> unc is accused of putting athletes in easy afro-american studies classes .  the classes required no attendance , had one paper assigned .  ncaa originally did not classify the issue as an athletic on .
 navy guards accused of abusing detainees in iraq <sec> navy guards accused of assaulting detainees at camp bucca .  eight prisoners were confined to cell sprayed with riot control agent , navy says .  navy : two detainees allegedly left with minor bruise .
 bill clinton sorry for 'scumbag ' remarks , spokesman says <sec> bill clinton called author of vanity fair article a `` scumbag '' and `` real slimy guy '' .  clinton campaign spokesman says former president now wishes he had n't said it .  article quotes anonymous bill clinton aides discussing his anger , reports of women .  author todd purdum says he has n't accused clinton of doing anything wron .
 dollars roll in from far beyond wisconsin for recall <sec> to date , gov . .  scott walker has raised 7â½ times that of democrat , tom barrett .  watchdog group expects final recall tally to be $ 70 million- $ 80 million .  some 70 % of walker 's donations in last month came from outside wisconsin .  outside groups backing both candidates flooded state with some $ 25 millio .
 judge : investigation into deadly mine accident is private <sec> judge says there is no constitutional basis to make investigation public .  news media sued to open inquiry into utah mine disaster .  government says media access could compromise the investigation .  six miners trapped in august 6 cave-in ; their bodies have not been recovere .
 supreme court must not allow executions of the mentally impaired <sec> laura moye : supreme court in 2002 barred death penalty for the `` mentally retarded '' .  moye : yet court stood aside as texas executed man who has the mind of a 7-year-old .  states can set criteria for `` mental retardation , '' and court does n't call them on it , she says .  moye : texas set stereotypical standards , citing character from steinbeck 's `` of mice and men .
 opinion : remember his name : nadeem <sec> naseem tuffaha 's cousins in palestine were resigned to a tough life .  tuffaha : israeli teen deaths a tragedy , but palestinian deaths are just statistics .  tuffaha shocked to see teen son of his cousin siam had been shot and killed .  he wants the tragic death of the son , nadeem , and his friend to be remembere .
 retailers and suppliers hit by fallout from deadly bangladesh factory fire <sec> the factory was not authorized to make merchandise for wal-mart , company says .  the company cuts ties with a supplier that subcontracted work to the factory .  a trading company based in hong kong offers financial aid to victims ' families .  more than 100 people were killed in the blaze in banglades .
 filmmaker : tebow is an authentic good guy <sec> chase heavener spent four months chronicling quarterback 's nfl dreams .  heavener was friends with tim tebow , who gave him unfettered access to his training .  documentary follows tebow from last game in college to night he gets drafted .  heavener says tebow is the real deal , what you see is how he really i .
 cnn student news - february 10 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 'seinfeld ' over , but festivus keeps giving <sec> festivus , popularized by `` seinfeld '' episode , described unruly ancient romans .  frank costanza promoted aluminum poles , airing of grievances , feats of strength .  nonsectarian december 23 holiday invites everyone to be part of joke , author says .  today , festivus observers gather across globe , in bars and boardrooms , on we .
 eric garner deserves justice ( opinion ) <sec> grand jury decides not to indict a police officer in the choking death of eric garner .  mel robbins : this is outrageous , given what happened to garner .  she says if we care about justice , we should reconsider the case .  robbins : grand juries are not the proper tool to decide if police have committed crime .
 50,000 s. koreans protest 'unsafe ' u.s. beef <sec> tens of thousands of south koreans protest imports of u.s. beef .  beef imports largely banned since 2003 when mad cow disease found in u.s . .  protests essentially paralyzed the government of president lee myung-ba .
 as haze clears , are american opinions on pot reaching tipping point ? <sec> in legalization debate , nation has moved from `` if '' to `` how , '' drug policy expert says .  white house calls legalization a `` nonstarter ; '' new policy favors prevention over incarceration .  shift in opinion in last 6-7 years `` does n't feel like a blip , '' public policy professor says .  poll says in 4 in 10 americans have tried marijuana , up from 4 in 100 in 196 .
 'mad men ' latest from hollywood to influence fashion <sec> `` mad men '' has influenced fashion designers ; looks filter into public view .  many movies , tv shows have had similar impact .  `` miami vice , '' `` sex and the city '' are among names on the lis .
 amnesty in myanmar : real change or a pleasing gesture ? <sec> it is not clear whether political detainees will be among those released .  myanmar has made moves in recent months to reach out to its critics .  last month , its foreign minister held a rare , historic meeting with u.s. officials .  state department official : `` there are dramatic developments under way .
 britain feared annihilation by soviets <sec> britain feared it would have been overwhelmed in soviet attack , papers reveal .  papers were released by the national archives under the 30-year rule .  prime minister james callaghan called the situation a `` scandal .
 mississippi town sued over 'school-to-prison pipeline ' <sec> federal civil rights lawyers sue meridian , lauderdale county , agencies .  they say children at youth court are denied rights .  youth court sees minorities disproportionately , lawsuit says .  justice department had warned officials about lawsui .
 opinion : how to find an aids cure for all <sec> kenneth cole , michel sidibé : today , we still do n't have a cure for aids .  cole , sidibé : we can end one of the greatest public health crises in history .  they say that we have to intensify our efforts on hiv cure research .  cole , sidibé : the goal of an aids-free generation is within our reac .
 israeli military : airstrike targets key palestinian militant <sec> the israeli military conducted the airstrike on gaza on sunday .  33 rockets have been launched from gaza into israel so far this year , it say .
 cnn student news transcript : november 30 , 2009 <sec> record the ups and downs estimated from black friday to cyber monday .  observe how debt has wormed its way into an extravagant emirate .  measure the effort that goes into growing the white house christmas tree .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 purported bin laden tape slams u.s. role in pakistan <sec> new : white house says timing of tape is not a coincidence .  analysis of tape indicates that voice sounds like osama bin laden 's .  purported tape from terror leader surfaces as president obama visits mideast .  message says u.s. policy on pakistan has generated `` seeds of hatred .
 australia extradites alleged people smuggler <sec> 42-year-old man returned from germany to australia to face people smuggling charges .  man 's accused of organizing boat to take 56 illegal immigrants to australia .  country has been clamping down on asylum seekers arriving by boat .  part of a broader policy to deter asylum seekers , process claims offshor .
 yahoo to encrypt users ' data <sec> yahoo says it will encrypt all information that travels between its data centers .  the change will take place by the end of march 2014 .  ceo marissa mayer announced change as an effort to protect users ' privacy .  move comes after documents revealed nsa had secretly collected data from yaho .
 world 's response to 'spiraling ' ebola crisis ripped <sec> new : obama to west africans : `` we know how to '' stop ebola from spreading .  new : u.s. official : 500 from cdc working on ebola ; 100 government workers in region .  cdc director : `` hugely fast increase '' in harder-to-manage ebola cases of late .  liberian president : `` we feel saddened '' by the international response to the crisi .
 large hadron collider <sec> the large hadron collider ( lhc ) begins again after a two-year shutdown .  the restart was delayed in marc .
 bush 'shoe thrower ' claims he was tortured in prison <sec> new : journalist 's brother says he 's headed to greece to get medical treatment .  al-zaidi threw both his shoes at u.s. president and called him a `` dog '' .  journalist 's three-year sentence was reduced on appeal in april .  al-zaidi has been in jail since the incident in decembe .
 justice dept . tightens rules on subpoenas , warrants involving journalists <sec> new limits on when prosecutors can seek information from journalists in classified leak probes .  changes stem from national security controversies involving ap , fox news reports .  attorney general eric holder briefed president barack obama on new policy .  holder says media shield law needed to give press additional protectio .
 panasonic closes china plants after violent protests <sec> panasonic halted operations at three factories in china after violent protests .  protesters ransacked japanese businesses and damaged japanese vehicles .  panasonic reported two plants were damaged by weekend anti-japan protesters .  chinese economist : `` the sino-japanese economic war has officially begun .
 italian rider simoncelli killed in malaysian motogp crash <sec> italy 's marco simoncelli dies after an accident at malaysian grand prix .  simoncelli came off on second lap while in fourth place .  he was struck by the bikes of fellow competitors colin edwards and valentino rossi .  official motogp website reported he had 'succumbed ' to his injurie .
 the problem with obama 's budget <sec> president obama this week announced new budget proposal .  will marshall : progressives need strategy for reclaiming freedom to inves .
 louisiana justice who refused interracial marriage resigns <sec> keith bardwell resigns in person at louisiana secretary of state 's office , official says .  bardwell refused to marry couple after he found they were of different races .  they filed federal lawsuit ; louisiana governor called for bardwell to resig .
 official : human trafficking probe at saudi diplomat 's home <sec> new : source says women charging saudi attachã© kept their passports , did n't pay them .  authorities investigate possible human trafficking .  official says probe is at home of saudi military attache .  two women allegedly claim they were mistreate .
 first female four-star u.s. army general nominated <sec> bush nominated lt. gen. ann e. dunwoody to be head of army 's supply arm .  by law women are excluded from combat jobs , the typical path to four-star rank .  dunwoody has served 33 years , and became army 's top-ranking woman in 2005 .  there are 57 active-duty women serving as generals or admiral .
 u.s. showdown roiled globe -- but default is not always a dirty word <sec> people and companies default -- but countries rarely do , at least in the traditional sense .  u.s. politicians play financial brinkmanship but the country was not at risk of default .  other countries have defaulted -- including argentina and russia .  and some , history shows , have been economically better off for having done s .
 catherine and william baby news sparks media frenzy <sec> britain 's duke and duchess of cambridge expecting first child .  report : royal couple had hoped to keep news under wraps until christmas day .  catherine in hospital receiving treatment for severe morning sickness .  bookmakers accepting bets for baby 's name and even its weigh .
 analysis : congress chooses easy way out on military cuts <sec> congress sends strong signal it ca n't make tough decisions on spending .  budget analyst critical of assumptions congress made in funding bill .  many fiscal crusaders voted yes on bill they were critical o .
 clinic that treated joan rivers made mistakes <sec> rivers , 81 , died a week after an appointment at yorkville endoscopy clinic .  a federal agency says the clinic failed to identify deteriorating vital signs .  it also failed to record rivers ' weight prior to sedating her , the agency report .
 afghanistan 's last jew vows to stay put <sec> afghan jews peaked at 40,000 in mid-19th century ; now there 's only one left .  zablon simintov wo n't join his wife and teen daughters in israel .  simintov spends holidays with visitors and survives off donations from jews .  he was arrested four times and beaten while in custody under taliban rul .
 rape is a way of life for darfur 's women <sec> women and girls as young as four face rape on daily basis in darfur .  u.n. mission says rape now biggest issue facing troubled sudanese region .  aid workers says 100 percent of women in camps face gender-based abuse .  sudanese government says there is no rape in darfu .
 va investigating florida hospital wait lists <sec> 3 members of the gainesville , florida , va 's supervisory staff have been placed on paid leave .  the federal department is defending itself against claims of potentially deadly delays .  cnn exclusively reported veterans dying while on wait list in phoeni .
 obama again breaks promise on armenian genocide - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama promised armenian-americans he would call the atrocity genocide during the 2008 campaign . .  the white house views turkey as a more crucial ally than armenia . .  pope francis , actor george clooney , and even the kardashians have taken the moral position , calling it the armenian genocide .
 swim club accused of racial discrimination against kids <sec> new : club says facility could not accommodate the number of children .  stepdad filing complaint with state human relations commission .  day care center made deal to use private club 's pool .  kids say members made racist comments ; center 's check is returne .
 analysts : questions remain as u.s. troops leave iraq <sec> gen. james cartwright : `` there are a lot of things here that are not finished '' .  paul bremer : `` can a democratic iraq survive if america pulls out before the job is done ? '' .  what iran will do next is a key question .  robin wright : `` old sectarian divides are in many ways deeper than they were .
 key dates in hunt for ratko mladic <sec> ratko mladic rose to prominence in 1992 as commander of bosnian serb army .  mladic was the highest-ranking yugoslav war crimes suspect still at large .  he is wanted on charges of genocide , extermination and murde .
 series of bombings kills 15 in iraq <sec> new : baghdad coffee shop blast kills 4 , wounds 10 .  new : u.s. , u.n. officials condemn bombings .  car bombs explode in mahawil , mahmoudiya , kut , basra and aziziya .  roadside bombs also hit busy areas in nasriya and basr .
 why u.s. is being humiliated by the hunt for snowden <sec> nsa leaker edward snowden has hidden in hong kong and moscow airport .  u.s. secretary of state warned china and russia of `` consequences '' .  simon tisdall : l'affaire snowden has provided a glorious field day for anti-americans .  every country has its own experience of u.s. bullying , writes tisdal .
 passenger in oregon to hawaii air incident faces charges <sec> incident disrupted maui-bound flight on wednesday .  joseph hedlund johnson , of salem , oregon , charged with a federal crime .  johnson wrote note on comment card invoking `` gilligan 's island '' .  affidavit says johnson said he did n't think card would be looked at during fligh .
 white house : internal legal opinions over war powers decision varied <sec> the dispute involves the u.s. role in the nato-led libya military mission .  president obama decided he did n't need war powers authorization from congress .  house speaker boehner warns congress may try to cut mission funding over the issu .
 and the world 's most expensive city is ... <sec> london named most expensive city destination in tripadvisor survey .  evening out and overnight stay in four-star hotel costs average of $ 523 in english capital .  weekend in hanoi can be cheaper than a meal out in stockhol .
 mourinho banned for jabbing barca coach 's eye <sec> real madrid coach handed two-match ban for future spanish super cup matches .  jose mourinho was seen to jab his finger in the eye of barcelona assistant .  tito vilanova was also suspended for one super cup match for his retaliation .  pre-season match between spanish rivals at camp nou erupted into ugly scene .
 paraguay 's president says he fathered child out of wedlock <sec> fernando lugo says he 's the father of a 2-year-old conceived when he was a bishop .  announcement comes in the week after child 's mother sued , seeking paternity test .  some cabinet members say paternity disclosure reflects government transparency .  but opposition party member calls on vatican to excommunicate lug .
